 PART 1

I race to a halt and stand panting outside the office. My feet are killing me. These new high heels are not made for sprinting. Gulping a few nervous breaths, I smooth down my pink top and white mini. The door is ajar but I knock anyway then take a few steps back. I look down at my fluffy pink purse swinging back and forth across my thighs as if it's as anxious as I am to get this thing over with. The door jerks open and I watch two slightly scuffed, black shoes step towards me. I dare not look up. 

"You're late again", Raymond growls. "What did I tell you last time?" 

"You said it was my last chance, Raymond but ...". 

"No buts! I have had enough of your excuses. What does last chance mean, Lucinda?"

"It means I should pack up my desk and leave?" I venture as I glance up at his round, middle aged face and quickly down again. 

"Does it now?" he replies with a callous laugh.

Raymond Mark's hideous brown and cream suit is far too tight but buttoned all the way up regardless. His huge belly appears to be begging for release and the orange tie around his neck looks like it's strangling him. I wish it would. 

'What's with all these questions?' I think to myself. 'Just do it, you fat git. Sack me, Raymond, damn it!' 

I wait, head lowered but Raymond is silent. Eventually I tilt my head up and for an instant, just a second, I catch old Raymond perving at my cleavage. His are eyes fixed upon my breast like he's never seen tits before. Then our eyes meet and in a few swift movements he blushes, coughs and looks away. 

I mentally congratulate myself on choosing the pink top this morning. It's tight, low cut and, even if I do say so myself, really accentuates my best assets. Let's face it, not every girl is tall, slim and endowed with 38D's. This unexpected, lusty-lapse on my manager's behalf has had an instant, 180 degree effect on the dynamics of the situation. I lift my chin insolently, toss my wavy red hair to one side and roll my shoulders back. This causes my breasts to perk jauntily in his direction and, as he is short, my twin peaks are aimed right down his line if vision. I smile mischievously, knowing the exact effect my full lips will have. We're on my turf now.

Poor old Raymond is really rattled. He can't help but take in my smile then, as if he has no control, his eyes stray down to my tits again. He licks his chubby lips. His face is flushed and beads of sweat are beginning to glisten on his brow. His balding grey comb-over looks even more like a tacky spider web than usual. 

"Lucinda, perhaps we should discuss this in...in private," he mumbles. 

Even though there's no one around he glances furtively left and right before guiding me into his office. The door clunks shut. He lopes across the large room to the far side of the desk and plops his rotund butt into his big leather chair. His suit buttons strain even further as he points me towards the low backed plebeian's chair facing him. The desk divides us and he reaches into the middle of it for a tissue to mop his brow while I take a seat. To keep my mini from riding up to an obscene level I wriggle back a little in the chair and tug at my hem. Again Raymond's beady little eyes wander, this time the length of my long, tanned thighs. 

Raymond is clearly as horny and desperate as they come. If I play my cards right I might be able to keep my job and even land myself a nice little bonus. I look across at Raymond, my big green eyes meet his squinty brown ones. I glimpse lust, hunger and hope in their depths - time to lay my ace on the table. 

"Raymond I'm really sorry. The train was late. What can I do to make it up to you? I can't afford to loose my job. I'll do anything it takes."

I lean forward to give him a better view of my titties, blinking a couple of times for effect. Raymond eyes are glued to my boobs and his lardy lips form a slow, lascivious smile.

"Meet me here at 6pm. We should be able to come to some sort of arrangement."

Bingo!

PART 2

Raymond means business. The office door is locked, phone diverted and the blind has been drawn. His ugly orange tie is snaked over the desk. The jacket's been unbuttoned at last and is flung over a nearby filing cabinet; his flabby, shirt-clad waist hangs over his belt. Leaning back in his big tilt chair, hands clasped behind his head, Raymond's trying – almost successfully - to look like he's done this a thousand times before. 

"Take off your clothes, Lucinda – all of them. Do it nice and slow. Make it interesting." 

I do as he says, taking my time and using a few of the moves I picked up watching porno films with an ex who liked that sort of thing. It's working. There's a distinct bulge forming in Raymond's crotch. As I gyrate and writhe, humming stripper music in my head, I absently wonder how his prick can manage to expand at all under such confined conditions. 

I slip out of my lacy bra and matching thong and toss them on the pastel coloured pile of clothes by the door. I'm naked now except for the damned high heels. They're still killing me but Raymond wants me to leave them on and to keep dancing. The sleaze is staring at my every move while rubbing his crotch at regular intervals. 

"Come over here, take my seat," he groans. 

As I walk slowly towards the desk he stands. For some reason this feels weirder than the dancing so I sit as demurely as I can under the circumstances, perched on the very edge of the chair, legs crossed with my right arm covering my breasts. 

Raymond removes his shirt, exposing his lily white girth. This is obviously a man who adores fast food and has not ventured outdoors in years. He stands before me looking down with his hands by his side. His belly protrudes and cock is still very obvious, despite its tight brown/cream restriction. His comb-over has even developed its own little erection, standing up on end as if his penis and hair are operating as one. I feel a giggle rising but suppress it. 

He drinks in my whole body with his little eyes but seems inordinately fascinated with my pussy, well as much of it as he can see given my pose. Maybe because it's totally waxed? I always have all hair removed – so much neater that way. Minutes pass and neither of us speak. With a vague sense of relief the thought crosses my mind that Raymond has no idea what to do next. 

"Sit back in the chair and open your legs - wide." 

Sigh. So much for my intuition. I move back on the seat and open my legs. This causes the chair to tilt backwards which in turn tilts my tits and pussy upwards. 

"How's this?" I ask.

Raymond takes a step back to get a better view but shakes his head, dissatisfied. He leans forward, grabs my ankles and places one of my legs over each of the well padded arm rests. I am now fully exposed, legs splayed wide with my high heeled shoes dangling above the floor. Raymond steps back again, places his chin in his hand, peers closely and nods. He reaches over and opens a desk draw and starts rummaging.

I have to admit, the posture makes me feel strangely raunchy. My vulnerability coupled with Raymond's silent ogling is a turn-on and my pussy spasms in anticipation. Maybe this won't be quite as bad as I thought? My reverie is interrupted by a ripping sound. Raymond is tearing a long length of duct tape from a roll held in his hand. Before I know what he's up to, he takes my left ankle and tapes it tightly to the nearest chair leg. 

"Hey! What do you think you're doing? I'm not into this kinky stuff!" 

I try to struggle from the seat but with one leg bound it's an impossible task. Raymond doesn't answer my plea but I know he's heard me because he holds my head firmly as he pastes a big strip of tape over my lips, then another and another. He smiles. I'm really frightened now but my many protests are muffled. I struggle and hit out as much as I can trying to do the impossible, trying to stop this crazy man, but within seconds my remaining leg is bound to the other chair leg. For a fat guy, he's remarkably strong. 

Raymond steps back to admire his work. He tugs at my shins a couple of times to test the security and seems satisfied. I punch him on the arm again in the vain hope that this will stop him but it's almost as if it's only my body he is aware of and the real me does not even exist. 

So there I sit – naked, gagged, splayed, bound, squirming – with Raymond the pasty blimp frowning down at my tits and my pussy in turn. I know it's crazy but I just can't help it, this is a fucking major turn-on and my mounting fear is only adding to the excitement. My heart thumps and I feel my pussy juices flow. Maybe I'm every bit as insane as Raymond clearly is?

"Lucinda you are beautiful", whispers Raymond as stands before me unbuckling his stretched leather belt. 

'What is this maniac saying? I'm trussed up like a pig and he thinks I'm beautiful?' "You were made in heaven", he claims as he unzips his trousers and drops them to the floor along with his grubby boxers. 

'Shit! Look at the size of that cock! Oh God, that's just not normal. He's a giant!' 

In a panic I desperately try to free myself again but only serve to roll the chair closer to him and his massive member. It's colossal – all pink and deeply veined from the base up with a raging purple head. He sees the look of shocked amazement in my eyes.

"I am going to enjoy this so much Lucinda, you have no idea just how much," he whispers with a croaky voice, then chuckles. 

I'm on high alert now. This is not good. What I thought was going to be a five minute quickie to save my crappy job has taken an unexpected turn down Freak Show Alley. Anything could happen. 

Raymond steps around behind the chair. I follow him with my gaze as far as I can, then he disappears out of view. I try to talk, to reason with him, but all that can be heard are stifled pleading sounds. Suddenly I feel two warm, clammy hands slipping over my shoulders. I look up and there's Raymond above me, his big head leaning to one side, his eyes taking in my body from this new angle. His chubby fingers slip lower to cup my breasts and I gasp involuntarily. The feeling of his sweaty palms on my nipples coupled with that look of wonder, adoration and lust in his eyes ignite my fire. I'm too scared to push his hands away. Too scared and ... shit! The truth is I don't want him to stop. How can I be enjoying this!? His fingers play with my nipples and they obligingly form into small, hard buds. He moans quietly and rolls them between his fingers then cups my breasts again, kneading them, exploring them. Oh God, I'm moaning too! What the fuck is going on? 

Raymond moves back to face me. He's leaning forward slightly to play with my tits again. Damn it feels great. I know I should try to maintain eye contact with him, to reach him, to get the message across that this is way too scary but my eyes have zeroed in on that gigantic prick. I can't take my eyes off it, wondering how it would feel thrust deep inside me. 

"Stroke it," orders Raymond. 

I don't need to be asked twice. I take his huge member in my right hand. It's rock hard and so thick my fingers can't wrap around it. I grasp it somewhere towards the middle and Raymond closes his eyes and grunts loudly as soon as he is touched. My pussy contracts at the sound of his pleasure, or is it his desperation? Either way, it makes me hot and wet, as does the sensation of his fingers groping my tits. I slide my hand slowly up the shaft. The gargantuan, bulbous head of his cock is glistening with pre-cum. 

Raymond rolls the chair against the wall so it can't move. He leans above me with both hands on the chair back and I glide my hand up and down his cock, setting a rhythm. From this position I can cup his big, hairy scrotum in my other hand. I fondle his balls while my strokes, up and down the length of his massive cock, gain momentum. He starts to move his hips in harmony with my hand, he's groaning and breathing hard. Drops of pre-cum drip onto my belly. I close my eyes and all I can think of is that enormous prick plunging in and out of me. 

Raymond stops and kneels, his round face close to my wet pussy. He looks so serious as he parts my lips with the fingers of one hand and gently touches my engorged clit with the other. I gasp and jerk involuntarily. He rubs it back and forth with his thumb and I feel my body tensing with pleasure. Then, without warning, he thrusts three fingers deep into my pussy. Though it's painful, my scream is one of pleasure. 

"You like that, huh?" he asks gruffly as he forces them in and out, faster and faster. 

I nod furiously and raise my hips as far as I can. I moan as he spreads his fingers wide inside me and pushes them in further. All the while he is massaging my clit with his other hand. My valley clenches around him tightly. I am panting as I grip his shoulders and pull his face close to mine, our glazed eyes lock. Sensing my need, he rips the tape from my mouth, leans closer and parts his lips. We kiss deeply, our tongues dancing together as he plunges four huge fingers into me. Somewhere in the recesses of my mind I understand that he is preparing my pussy to take the copious size of his penis, stretching me as best he can. 

But, oh God! What now? I feel something rimming my arse. One, no two, of his plump fingers, drenched with my juices, are finding their way in. My whole body is thrashing about, a mass of live wires, as he delves into me front and rear. I'm wracked with a delicious pain that I don't want to end. My arms and legs are twitching and writhing and I close my eyes as pressure builds almost to breaking point. 

"I'm going to cum!" I cry as his fingers extend again within my depths. 

"Not yet you're not," declares Raymond. 

Abruptly everything stops. Just like that and just seconds before I reach my peak. Is this some sort of cruel joke? I open my eyes and find myself faced with Raymond's intense stare. All I want is for him touch me again, to take me over the brink. I want his cock buried to the hilt inside me and, quite frankly, at this point I don't care where he chooses to bury it. Desperately I try to guide his hand back to my pulsating pussy but he twists his wrist free and moves away slightly. My fingers encircle his stiff cock again. God, how I want it!

"Please! Please!"

No answer.

Raymond's fingers are shimmering with my juices as he reaches into another of the desk drawers. I wait warily yet impatiently, still stroking his cock because, well, because it feels so fucking good. He pulls out a long, black scarf and a silver dildo. 

'What the hell is he going to do now?' I wonder as his thick lips meet mine again, kissing me intensely. 

PART 3

I am blindfolded. It's dark and eerily silent. I don't know where Raymond is. My inner alarm sounds. He could do anything he wanted with me ... he could even ...I shake my head, trying to distract myself from the creepier thoughts. Don't go there! 

'Mmmmmmm.' 

There's something cool and metallic running up my inner thigh. It's smooth and sensuous. The dildo?

"What's that, Raymond?" I ask, attempting to sound unperturbed.

No reply. Instead I hear the now familiar sound of duct tape being torn from the roll. Four long strips of tape later and I'm silenced again. This bondage thing is new to me, but I have to admit restraint works. I'm on fire!

The metallic object resumes its path. It reaches the very top of my thigh and for a brief instant rests on my clit. I jerk and gasp. It's gliding its way up my other thigh now - slowly, so slowly – and it's warmer, room temperature. This time it keeps going, moving closer and closer to my arse. I try to raise my butt, to help it find what I hope is its ultimate destination. 

'Inside! I want it in me!' 

Gently, it is manoeuvred in small circles around the entrance to my arse. I am rocking in the chair endeavouring to encourage it inwards. Ever so slowly it starts to enter me, still moving in circles. I whimper a little in anticipation. It's guided gradually deeper and deeper until I feel my arse swallowing it whole. 

'This is heaven!'

It's sliding in and out of me and, even though I know Raymond is making this happen, bizarre images form in my mind. There's a creature doing all this of its own volition - a lovely, hard, sexual alien creature invading me. 

Tongue! 

'Yes, yes! Oh shit yes!!'

Raymond is running his tongue over my clit, lapping it, sucking it. He is keeping time with the alien, they are working in unison. Simultaneously he pinches and twists my nipples. My feral groans fill the room and my body is rocking back and forth, as far as my bonds allow. Deeper and deeper the alien dives into my arse, sometimes slow but mostly fast. The pain is pleasure and the pleasure is pain. My muscles tighten. Once again I am close, so very close to climax. My toes begin to curl tightly and I reach out in the dark trying to touch something, anything. My hands discover Raymond's shoulders, my long nails scrape his flesh. At that exact moment the alien slips from my arse. No! Not again! 

While busy fingers rip at the tape binding my legs I slide my hand down to my clit. I'm so horny I could scream. I fucking well have to cum. Without a word my hand is lifted and placed on the arm of the chair and the restraint removal resumes. What a control freak! When all the tape is detached, my shoes are taken off and gentle hands rub my taut legs from toe to thigh. Each limb is tenderly lifted, straightened and, after a thorough massage, placed in front of me. I had not realised how strained my legs had become and to be able to move them again is a real relief. I wriggle my toes and bend my stiff knees a few times.

Things are obviously shifting gear but, as my gag and blindfold remain in tact, I know that this incredibly strange journey is not over yet. I am lifted from the seat. Raymond huffs and puffs unflatteringly with the effort. I'm repositioned with my feet on the floor. Raymond bends me over so that from the waist upward, I'm laying face down along what I assume is the desk top. Nothing happens for a short while and I envisage Raymond studying my pussy from this angle. The thought sends tingles through my body. Then my legs are pushed wider apart and fingers spread open my vagina lips. 

'OH FUCK!'

Raymond's cock! It's like a massive rock forcing its way into my cunt. I struggle to get free but he holds me in place, pushing all his bulk onto my body. I wanted this, was begging for it, but this pain is beyond belief! Raymond grunts as he thrusts again. I scream in anguish and thrash around but he pays me no heed. He's going to rip me in two! My pussy is locked tight around the head of his gigantic prick and I know it cannot take any more. He's just too big and I'm already stretched to the limit! Another great shove and a prolonged groan. This time his cock travels deeper and, unexpectedly, the pain's a little less intense. I cry out, nonetheless. 

"Nearly there, Baby," he says, kissing me on the neck. 

His breath rasps in my ear as I feel him rise, moving out of me preparing to slam back again. I brace myself, eyes closed, wincing. He rises even higher, grips my shoulders tighter and slams his hips forward. His jams himself into me like a battering ram. This time there's hardly any pain, rather an overwhelming, luscious sense of being filled beyond capacity. Over my own rapturous shriek I hear a loud cry escape his lips. He shudders violently when his great balls slap against my butt cheeks. 

My God, I've taken that immense cock – all of it! I feel it distending me, my walls stretched, gripping tightly. Slowly Raymond rises and little by little his cock slides outward. I'm so swollen and tight that every cell within me feels his penis retreating. Waves of ecstasy shoot from my cunt down both arms and legs. My heart races. His hips shift gradually forward again and I moan deeply as he crams into me. I can't believe this is happening. There's no pain any longer, everything I feel, every tiny movement is pure bliss. Back and forth he rides me, unhurriedly at first and gradually increasing speed. Soon he and I are both bucking hard against each other, his sweat mingling with mine as we moan and gasp for breath. 
