 A girl’s wedding day is supposed to be the happiest of her life. Mine was the horniest, as well! It all started after I got to the church, and was putting the final touches on my dress and makeup. The dressing room was warm and cozy, with a fire in the fireplace, a couple of overstuffed chairs, and big couch, and a dressing counter with a special stool that allowed the bride to sit comfortably in her long gown. I had invited a former boyfriend to the ceremony, without my fiancé’s knowledge, not really expecting him to show up.

It was my surprise when the door opened, and he was standing there, all dressed up in suit and tie. His long hair was hanging loose around his shoulders, and he had a stunning smile in place. He entered the room, and closed the door behind him. As he crossed over to me, he said, “You look beautiful. If things had been different, this would be our day.”

His wistful smile could always melt me in place, and today was no different. I was standing there, in my white satin gown, veil, and gloves. The ceremony was only an hour away, and as he closed to me, he lifted the veil, cupping my face with his hands. Our eyes met, and I knew he would kiss me. The crazy part was that I wanted him to! My ruby lips parted to meet his, and I hungrily sucked on his tongue. His hands roved my body, grasping my ass, and groping my crotch. The soft, smooth fabric was yielding to his fingers, and I could feel his fingers at my pussy. “You were always terrific in bed,” he whispered, “I want you one last time!”

As he spoke, his fingers found my love button, and I started to swoon. He caught me with his free arm, and placing it around my waist, escorted me to the couch. As we approached it, he slid behind me and bent me over the back of it. With my 4-inch heels, it was actually comfortable to let the couch support me.

I could feel his bulging pants against my rear, and his hands dropped to lift my skirt up. As he lifted my skirt higher, he got a glimpse of my panties, and remarked how lucky my man was, as I was wearing crotchless panties. I wanted my husband to take me as soon as possible after the wedding, and that meant in the limo on the way to the reception!

I heard his zipper open, and felt his hardening member rub against my vaginal opening. The tingling in my loins grew, causing me to tremble, both from the expectation of what I was going to receive, and the fear of being caught! My knees began to wobble, and I leaned more heavily on the couch as his cock began to penetrate me. He took his time to open me up, and as I became very wet, he thrust fully into me. The feeling was so electric I could only try to claw at the cushions with my satin-gloved nails.

His pace was slow at first, pushing slowly into me, and rubbing the tip of his cock against that wonderful spot in my pussy. As he kept going faster and faster, the jolts of pleasure coursed through my body. I started to moan and pant, and push against him, eager to meet his thrusts with my own. We kept at it like this for a few more minutes, when I felt him stiffen, and push and grind his cock hard against my rear, all the way to the hilt! At the same time, I felt my vagina contract, and milk his penis for all his seed as a wave of orgasm crashed over me. As I lay bent over the back of the couch, I could only think about the risk I was taking, that of being impregnated by a man other than my soom to be husband!

Shortly thereafter, he withdrew his softening cock, and proceeded to pull his pants up. Then he helped me back up by reaching around me and grasping my breasts with both hands as he lifted. My skirt fell back into place, and the only thing to give us away was smeared lipstick, and a very flushed face. He kissed me again, and as he left, he said he’d look for me as I walked down the isle.

As I finished fixing my makeup, my mother came in, and gushed about my healthy glow. If she only knew how I got it!