 He's late.

I draw back the curtains and stare out the window, looking at the headlights whizzing past. You told me to be ready by 7pm and it's already 7:15. I don't know whether I should be worried for your safety or be annoyed because you're insensitive. You know I hate it when things don't go according to schedule. I glance at my watch and sigh.

"You're so cute when you're mad," you whisper against my cheek, your arm around my waist drawing me back against your chest. I didn't even hear you come in through the back door. Your warm breath tickles my neck and I smile to myself. I can never stay mad at you for too long. I turn my head for a kiss, but your hand stops me before I can even move an inch. You obviously have something up your sleeve. I decide to wait.

"Close your eyes, honey."

Oh my God, I hope he's not going to propose! is the first thing that pops into my head, and I chuckle silently at my silly imaginings. Trust me to go all romance-novel-heroine-like at a time like this. I feel the silky texture of cloth across the top of my nose, and a minute later I feel you tug at the knots to make sure that your blindfold stays in place. It seems like we're staying in tonight after all. Thank God I didn't waste 30 minutes trying to get my hair up into a French twist.

I let out a surprised yelp as you sweep me up into your arms and carry me into the bedroom. I still feel like I'm too fat for you to be doing this, but we've been over this already and saying anything will just ruin the moment. With my arms around your neck I hang on for dear life as you put me down slowly. My high heels touch the floor and I automatically smooth my dress down over my legs. I hear your rumbling chuckle as if to say I won't be having the dress on for too long. Shivers run up and down my spine at the thought. My imagination is working overtime thinking of all the delicious things that await me. I can hear my labored breathing, and you haven't even started yet.

You run your fingers slowly up and down my arms leaving goosebumps in its wake. I can feel your breath on my face, and I raise my head slightly in anticipation of a kiss. After what seemed like an eternity the familiar warmth of your lips touches mine, and I jump slightly at the fervor with which you slide your lips and tongue against my own. So, you're not as unaffected as you pretend to be. This makes me feel like I'm the sexiest woman in the world, and the head rush it brings about is great. Your hands make their way down my back and up again to caress my breasts through my velvet dress. I can't wait to feel your fingers on my bare skin and would've pulled the dress down to my waist if I wasn't too busy running my hands through your long, wavy locks, begging for you to kiss me senseless.

You pull down the zip of my dress as though you had all the time in the world, drawing circles on my back as you go down, down, down. A whoosh of cold air wraps around my naked body as my dress falls to the floor. My nipples are quick to react and they brush against your clothes as I wiggle around trying to dispel the cold. I don't even know what you're wearing tonight. Once again you place your hands on my back to keep me steady; you help me step out of the dress and your warm, strong hands are comforting. A sharp gasp escapes my lips when I feel your warm, wet mouth on my breasts, sucking my nipples. You know I love it when you do this, and my knees grow weaker with every passing second. I want your fingers between my legs so badly, but you insist on having them draw figure-eights on my ass. The suspense is killing me. You pushed me down onto the soft covers just as my knees gave out from underneath me. You spread my legs wide and run your fingers along the inside of my thighs. All I want to do right now is to cross my legs and bring myself to orgasm. I am so very turned on I'm finding it hard to keep still. Suddenly your hands are gone and all I can hear is my short, erratic breathing. The urge to squeeze my legs shut is stronger still, but I know good things come to those who wait.

I let out a low moan as you give my pussy long, slow licks. You are driving me crazy and loving every minute of it. I am not a very vocal person and probably never will be. I push my hips at you hoping that you will get the message, and sure enough you go into a pussy-eating frenzy. A tingly feeling spreads all over my body and I arch my back when you suck on my clit. I am so close to cumming my whole body is tense with anticipation. You reach over and tweak my nipples and this sends me over the edge, my sweaty body writhing and bucking all over the bed, the familiar feeling of extreme pleasure and lightheadedness crashing over me in waves. I am whimpering like a puppy and my heart is beating so fast it feels like it's going to burst right out of my chest. It takes a while for me to float back down to reality, and I collapse on the bed, spent.

"Happy birthday sweetheart."