 It all started on a wet and rainy night. I was standing on my balcony with my back arching on the railing, so I could feel every raindrop fall onto my face and body. I was wearing nothing except a sheer white night shirt.

You walk into my apartment and notice there are no lights on, only candles lit to create a very dim, romantic ambience. You walk in a little further and notice me on the balcony. At the very sight you start to feel him getting hard. You decide you like what you see and start to come towards me. On the way you see a few neighbors looking out their window, you get a little cocky smile and decide you will show everybody a thing or two.

You unbutton your shirt to your navel, grab some ties and join me on the balcony. I notice you standing there and grab your hair on the back of your neck and pull you to me for a long hard wet kiss. (The one I have been waiting for all day.) You respond with a little groan of satisfaction. 

While my arms are entangled around your neck, your hands start to unbutton my sheer soaked nightshirt. You push it open to let your big strong hands cup each aching breast and squeeze ever so gently. I break free my arms from around your neck and grab the railing and arch my back with a low moan of pleasure and the sheer shirt falls to the floor.

I am now the way you want me. You grab the ties from your back pocket and tie each hand to the railing. You look over my shoulder to make sure the neighbors are still watching, you give a grin of satisfaction when you see their faces. I ask you what you are doing and you reply that you are going to teach me not to be naughty in public. You then tie my feet to the bottom railing. 

I ask again what you intend to do to me. Your response was putting on a blindfold. I am now getting excited and I can feel myself getting wet with anticipation. You are now taking off your shirt all the way and unbuttoning your pants to give him more room to grow. You get on your knees and start licking my inner legs with gentle nips and bites. I try to close my legs but cant, I try to move, but can't. You are taking great pleasure in watching me squirm. Next you come close to her where I can feel your breath, I beg you to kiss and lick her, but you say no, because I have been bad. Your fingers ever so lightly brush her outer lips; she is now pouting waiting to be touched. 

You pat her saying she has to wait her turn. Him is now begging to come out and play. You drop your pants and stand on a near by chair. You put him close to my mouth. I gently stick out my tongue and meet him. I try to take him all in, but you pull back just enough so my tongue has to come out of my mouth to touch him. I flick my tongue hungrily over him until you can't stand it and you plunge him into my mouth. 

I take all of him in and suck back and forth. I am trying to get you to cum in my mouth, but you pull him out right before he lets go. You get off the chair and start to nibble my neck with your hands massaging my upper torso. I whimper with anticipated joy. Your hands move down to where she is aching for attention. You put two fingers in and she tightens around them to keep them inside. You like the feel and you pull them out. Just when I think you are not going to let me release my pent up frustration, you slam him deep inside me. 

My body quivers with such pleasure I let out a guttural cry begging for more. You are now looking over my shoulder to see who is watching. You notice there are more people than before and with satisfaction you pump harder and harder until we both cum at the same time. Our bodies spent, you untie me and we lie on the balcony floor being washed by the still oncoming rain. When we regain our strength, I return the favor.