 It was almost time for the semester to end at the local university. It was 10:00 a.m. when the phone rang and Matt went to pick it up. 

“Hello”. 

“Hey Matt, its Jen. I’m late for class and I need a ride. Can I get one with you?” 

“Sure, but you’ll have to come over to my house because I’m doing a load of laundry.” 

“No problem. See you in a bit.” 

Matt hung up the phone and went back to his laundry completely forgetting he was in his boxers and a t-shirt. Matt was an average sized 19-year old guy. Not to big in the pants, but still big enough to make a girl happy. Jen was a small 19-year old girl but had an ass that could drive any man wild. By 10:30 Jen was knocking on the door and Matt answered. 

“Hey what’s up? Late for class again?” 

“Yeah, what else is new. What’s up with the boxers?” 

“I’m so sorry Jen; let me throw on a pair of pants. Things have been kind of hectic this morning.” 

“Its no problem Matt, besides, you look good in them.” 

Jen smiled at Matt and put her books down and sat on the couch. Matt looked at her curiously and then watched Jen take off her sandals one by one. She set them to the side and reached down and touched her feet and then slowly ran her hands up her legs. Matt began to squirm a little while his cock hardened in his boxers. He desperately tried to hold it back but he couldn’t. She looked so great in her short shorts and black tank top with her bra straps showing on one side. 

Matt moved closely towards her and stood in front of her. Jen looked up and smiled.

“I really don’t want to go to class today Matt. How about you?” 

“It doesn’t matter to me. What do you want to do?” Jen looked around the room and then back at Matt. 

“Let’s just stay here and have a little fun.” 

Matt took his hands away from his crotch and let his cock peek through the slit in his boxers. It ever so slowly began to harden and poke through, throbbing with every beat of his heart. Jen grabbed hold of his boxers and slid them down. Matt pulled his shirt over his head and stood naked in front of her. He leaned down and kissed her on the forehead. Jen reached around and squeezed his ass, pulling him down onto her. They kissed hard and long, feeling each other as they did. Matt undid the zipper on Jens shorts and pulled them down. He kissed her hip and ran his hands up her stomach and under her shirt grabbing for her breast. Jen pulled her shirt off and leaned up to undo her bra. Matt yanked her panties down and threw them to the floor. 

“Let’s go in my room where it will be a little more comfortable,” said Matt. 

“Whatever you say baby. I just wanna fuck so bad right now.” 

They went to his room where Jen laid on the bed with her feet still on the floor spreading her legs. Matt got on his knees and kissed her legs as he worked his way up to her tight little pussy. He gently began to lick around her already swollen clit, leaning his head back and letting his tongue tickle her. Jen began to squirm and pull at her nipples. Matt leaned in and began to suck and nibble at her love bud, massaging the inside of her thighs while doing so. Jen leaned up and drove his head further into her. Matt licked frantically while Jen began to cum, letting her juices fall into his mouth. Matt looked up and smiled while Jen stood up and grabbed his hand. 

“Your turn baby.” Matt stood up and sat on the bed while Jen got on her knees and took his cock into her hand. She slowly began to milk it and rub his swollen balls. She used the foreskin of his cock to massage him and then kissed the head of his cock. Matt leaned back as the pleasure ran through him. Jen slowly began to take his cock into her mouth, sucking on every inch of him. She went down until her lips brushed his pubic hair and then came back up until the head of cock was touching the edge of her lips. She reached up with one hand and began to play with his balls as she sucked and licked his cock. 

“That’s it baby, just like that,” moaned Matt as he tried to hold back his cum. But it was beginning to be too much and he warned her of what was coming. Jen leaned back and began to stroke his cock. Matt closed his eyes and began to spew a hot load of creamy white cum into the air. It streamed down his cock and onto her hand. Jen wiped it on her chest and took in its sweet aroma. 

“I wanna fuck you so bad right now Jen.” 

“Then lets go baby, I’m wetter than I have ever been.” Matt quickly stood up and reached for his dresser drawer grabbing a condom. He opened the package and slipped the condom on. His cock was still hard and throbbing and he could feel his balls swelling once more for another round. Jen crawled onto the bed and laid a pillow under her ass to prop herself up a little bit. Matt crawled into the bed and got between her legs. He raised them up and pulled himself in until the head of his cock was touching her pussy. Jen reached down and tickled her clit while keeping her legs in the air. Matt leaned forward and slowly slid his cock into her hot, tight, wet pussy. Jen put both hands on her tits and began to fondle her self while Matt slid all the way in until his balls pressed against her asshole. They stayed in this moment and savored it. But then Matt began to pump his cock in and out of her in a steady motion. Jen moaned and Matt held on to her legs while his cock slid in and out of her tight little pussy. His balls began to slap off of her and he grabbed her tits and squeezed. Jen held onto his ass as he pumped her again and again. Matt began to go faster as Jen moaned for more. Then she pulled away and got off the bed. Matt stood up hoping that everything was ok. Jen leaned over the bed and stuck her ass into the air. Matt got the hint and slid his cock back into her pussy. He gripped her hips and began to pump her once more. Jen planted her face into the bed and moaned as Matt fucked her tight little pussy. Her tits began to flop back and forth and her nipples scraped the bed sheet, driving her wild. Matt went faster and let his balls slap off of her. Jen moaned his name while Matt breathed deeply and quickly. He pulled out of her and laid on the floor motioning for Jen to come down. 

She stood over him and then sat on his stomach before reaching down and guiding his throbbing cock into her pussy. She began to ride him hard and fast, reaching down and tickling her clit. She brought her self to another orgasm and her hot juices poured out of her and down his cock. She slowly sank onto Matt and laid on him. But Matt was still hard and he picked Jen up and laid her on the floor. He straddled her stomach and placed his cock between her perky little tits. He slipped the condom off and began to titty-fuck Jen, letting the head of his cock tap her chin. His balls rubbed her cleavage and Matt began to feel a rush from them. He leaned back and aimed his cock at her chest. He began to stroke himself hard and fast. Jen tugged at her nipples watching his hand stroke his cock. Matt moaned as another load of cum poured onto her chest. She rubbed it into her nipples as Matt laid next to her and kissed her on the neck. “Its almost noon Jen, class is over.” She smiled and watched his cock go limp. “I have another class at 1 that I don’t mind missing.”