 Here it is 7:00 Friday night and I am still stuck at work. Since I started this new account I have been in this place no less than twelve hours each day. Fridays used to be my favorite day of the week. After a stressful long week I would always be out on the town on Friday night letting loose of all of my stress. Now I am working too late, all of my friends are already out and half tipsy by time I even leave this place. Plus I am too tired to even think about going anywhere. I am really starting to hate this place. 

I just have a couple of copies to make and I can get out of here. I didn't quite realize just how spooky this big building was until I got stuck being the only one in it so late. Usually there are a couple of people here late, but with it being Friday I guess everyone got out of here on time. 

The copy room is way back in the corner of the building. There are no windows and it is away from everything. If I didn't need to have this done by tonight I would really wait to make these copies until Monday. Anyone could come in here and do whatever they want and nobody would ever know. Some of the security guards around here are pretty creepy. At least the one on duty tonight is about ninety years old. He couldn't do a whole lot if he tried. 

The damn copier jammed again. I can't believe my luck lately. I always have to tear this stupid machine apart trying to dig out a paper jam. With all of this company makes it would seem they could invest in some decent copiers. All of a sudden I got this really weird feeling. A feeling like someone is watching me. I don't even want to turn around to see if there is somebody there. I am bent over this machine with my ass in the air. With this skirt I have on I am sure my ass is showing. Even though I have no life at this time I still dress like I do. I am the first one to admit that I really enjoy the attention I get. 

As I stand I slowly turn my head. I see the figure of a man out of the corner of my eye and I about crap myself. "You scared the shit out of me," I yelled. It was Sheldon Sloan. He is the hottest guy in the company. Every woman has tried to get him and he has turned everyone down. The rumor is he is gay. Nobody knows whether it is true or not. He doesn't walk the walk or talk the talk, but he is immaculate. He always has on the nicest clothes, and never has a hair out of place. 

"I finally have the answer to the question you asked me earlier," he grinned. It took me a minute to realize what he was talking about. I had a problem earlier that was handled by his department. "I totally forgot about that," I said. "You know you really shouldn't sneak up on people this late at night," I said as I threw a balled up piece of paper at him. 

"I really didn't expect you to be here, I was just going to leave a note on your desk I was startled myself when I got up here and seen there was someone still here. I guess you are like me lately and have no personal life but this place," he said. "Don't remind me, I like to pretend that I still have this wonderful social life like I had back in the good old days," I told him. 

"Would you like some help with that," he asked. "Well I could use some, I am not getting anywhere with it," I told him. As he slid past to look at the copier his midsection brushed against my ass. It felt like he really has a nice package. I have always been curious about that. You can tell he has a real nice ass, but he always wears dress pants and you can't get a good view of the package. Just thinking about it sends chills up my spine. I really need to get some relief. I can not believe how a simple brush against has me getting all excited.

"There it is fixed, give me what you want copies of," he said. As I handed him the papers I realized I was staring right at his crotch. Oh my God I can not believe I am acting like this. I know I must be bright red from the embarrassment. I sure hope he didn't realize where I was looking. I guess that is like when guys talk to me and stare at my breasts. I have never caught myself doing it to a guy before. 

As he is making the copies one of the papers start to fall. Out of reflex I grab it. As I did I brushed up against his package. I notice he is partially erect. Maybe he did cop a feel earlier when he "brushed" by. Or maybe it excited him to catch me staring at his cock. Well I guess that does away with the gay rumor. 

At this point I was so horny, and so curious. We were the only two people in the building except for a ninety year old security guard who probably never left the desk. I would probably never get this opportunity again. I decided to go for it. Before Sloan had the chance to oppose, I had his pants unbuttoned and dropped around his ankles. His cock was now at attention and pushing hard against his boxers. I lowered the boxers to see his stiff dick. It is just as perfect as the rest of him. The head was huge. I love the feeling of a big head pushing into my tight slit. His shaft was thick and hard. The size of it made me dripping wet. 

I cupped his balls in my hand while I licked the tip of his head. He rested back against the copier as I took the whole head in my mouth. As I slid his dick deeper into my mouth I looked directly into his eyes. His beautiful blue eyes were filled with desire. As I slowly took all of him into me his breathing started to get faster. I slowly pulled him back out of my mouth paying special attention to his head. I swirled my tongue around the top, sliding it into the slit and swirling it around some more. He moaned in pleasure as he grabbed the back of my head to guide my movement on his cock. He moved me slowly up and down at first allowing me time to play with the head with each thrust. After a while he was banging my face against his pelvis while thrusting his cock into my throat. 

I tasted the salty liquid starting to escape from his head. I still had his balls cupped in my hands, and started to roll them around in my hand. He pulled his cock out and his load started to release. It came so fast and hard it got all over my face. I quickly took him back in my mouth to get every remaining drop. It tasted so good. I wished he would have let me drink it all. 

He grabbed me up and sat me on the copier. He ripped my shirt off, and grabbed my tits out of my bra. He began fondling and sucking on my nipples. He was grinding his still half erect cock against my dripping wet pussy. I needed his dick slammed into me right then. It has been so long and I just needed to be relieved. He pulled off my thong and pulled me to the edge of the copier. He kneeled before me and pulled my legs apart. He ran the tip of his tongue along my slit. He was slowly pushing past the lips licking from the top to the vagina. Every time his tongue hit my clit I jumped with pleasure. He held my lips apart and ran his tongue around my clit. He ran his tongue in a circular motion on the clit. He knew too much about what felt good on a woman's body to have ever been gay. 

He pushed his finger in and turned it up and pushed it right against the underside of where the clit is. As he rubbed this spot and circled my clit he had me squirming and moaning uncontrollably. I don't think anyone has ever hit both g-spots at one time with me before. He started sucking on the clit and it was all I could take. I came so hard I was screaming so loud I was afraid the guard would hear it. 

He wiped his face as he stood up. "You know you just ejaculated," he said surprised. "You are surprised that I came with the way you were working it," I asked. "No you actually ejaculated, your juices squirted on my face while you were coming. I have never had a woman ejaculate before," he said. I don't know if I ever did that before. One thing I knew is that I know I have never come that hard before. "I am glad you liked it," I said. He grabbed me and kissed me passionately. 

His kiss hypnotized me. At that moment there was nothing in the world but the two of us. I could feel every ripple of his body. As I ran my hands across his back I realized how muscular it is. His stomach was pushed up against mine and I could feel his six pack. His lips were so soft and inviting, his tongue so smooth and delicious. I wrap my legs around his waist and gently guide his dick into my vagina as we stood there and kissed. 

He cups his hands under my ass to pump me up and down on his hard manhood. It has been so long since I have had a dick inside of me. As I open my eyes and look at this gorgeous man that is pounding me like a stallion, I feel an orgasm start already. I ride his massive dick with all of my might taking him as deep as he will go. Every nerve in my body is filled with pleasure. My body starts to shake as I start to come. "Fuck me hard," I whisper in his ear. 

He did as I asked and started bouncing me up and down on his cock so hard. "Yes, it feels so good, don't stop, please don't stop," I yell out in pleasure. I lost count but I had orgasm after orgasm, I didn't think I was ever going to stop cumming. "Oh yes you are so hot," Sheldon groaned in my ear. "I have wanted to fuck you for so long, every since the first day I saw you. When I walked in here and seen you nice juicy ass hanging out of your skirt wearing that hot thong, I knew tonight would be the night." He admitted. 

"Oh yes, ride my cock," he yelled. Every muscle in his body tightened and he shot his seed deep inside of me. I started to kiss him again. I didn't want to ever stop kissing him. I have never had a man make me feel the way he did. His kisses were the sweetest kisses I have ever known. His dick was a perfect fit into my pussy. It was just what I loved, and long shaft and a thick head. 

As his shaft started to melt I could feel the cum running down my legs. He sucked my nipples gently as he stood me back on the floor. "You are so beautiful," he told me as he ran his fingers through my hair. "I am so glad I worked late tonight and finally got the chance to know you," he told me. 

He ran his fingers along my breasts, and down my stomach. His touch sent chills down my spine. He pulled my legs apart to look at my womanhood. He softly rubbed my mound. "You really are so beautiful," he said again. He pulled me close and wrapped his arms around me and we began kissing again. His strong arms held me close. 

We put our clothes back on and got ready to go. I took my thong and slid it in his pocket. "These are to remember me by," I told him with a smile. "I will always remember you," he said. "I hope we can do this more often," he said with an evil grin. 

We finished our work and left for the night. I opened the door to my car and put my belongings inside. Sheldon ran his hands across my ass as I was bent over into the car. The chills ran through me again. Every time he touched me this happened. Without even noticing I spread my legs open. He took that as a sign that I was still in the mood.

He came up close behind me and reached his hand around to the front of me and put his finger in my pussy. He began massaging my clit as he bent over and started kissing the back of my neck. This was driving me wild. I threw my ass against his package. He was ready to go again too. We both must have been too long without any because we were acting like animals tonight. 

He unzipped his pant and took out his monster. He plunged it deep inside of me while still rubbing my clit with his finger. My clit was so swollen that his touch caused my body to shiver uncontrollably. I rested my head on my car seat holding my ass as high in the air as I could while he rode me from behind. Feeling that long hot rod drill in and out of my wet swollen pussy made my head spin. I felt as if I was going to faint from the pleasure my body was experiencing. 

I knew my orgasm was again drawing near. He started groaning loud, and that was it. Just knowing he was coming made me cum with him in unison. I used my pussy to suck every drop of cum out of the big shaft inside of me. I wanted all of his cum inside of me. 

"Thank you for the best night of my life," I told him. "So are we going to have a few more of these," he asked. "God I hope so," I said. We kissed one more time for what seemed like forever. 

I watched him walk to his car. He is so hot. I wish we would have got to know each other like that a long time ago. I wanted him to fuck me like that every night for the rest of my life. As he got in his car he turned pulled my thong out of his pocket, and rubbed them on his face. I blew him a kiss and drove home. I dreamt of him all night. I could not wait for our next passionate encounter.