 It was near closing time at a coffeeshop near campus, and Diane was rushing to cram in the rest of her studying before she headed out with her girlfriends. She had a major test in a couple of days, but was the sort of person who didn't let that get in the way of her fun. She was dressed in her best dancing outfit—a low cut halter dress that was tight around her chest and loose and flowing at her legs. A full-chested girl, she had no hesitation showing off a couple of her best assets. Tonight, however, she didn't realize quite how low her neckline dipped as she bent over her notes. But across the room, to his delight, someone else did.

Wearing his customary sunglasses even in the evening, Joe had just finished reading his newspaper. As he looked up, he couldn't help but notice the sexy student a couple of tables over from him. He took in her bronzed and curvaceous body, more rounded than the tiny college girls he usually saw in the shop. Her dark curls spilled over her bare back and shoulders as she hunched over papers. As his gaze fell on the deep cleavage revealed by her position, he felt his cock twitch. 

Joe had always loved a woman's breasts more than any other part of her body, and here he was looking at a very full, soft, round set. The staff in the coffeeshop had turned up the air conditioning to try to get people to leave, and consequently her nipples had become unconsciously hard. The material stretched around the orbs, making their shape all but visible. I'm practically looking at her naked breasts! thought Joe. He was happy he was wearing his sunglasses—it meant he could look all he wanted and she would never be the wiser. 

As he lusted over her, he thought of how long it had been since he had slept with a woman. Could it have been three months already? He was certainly not unattractive, he thought to himself. After all, he took good care of his body by working out regularly, and had often been complemented by women for his rugged face and deep green eyes. The past months had been hard on him, however—his work had been demanding long hours and he had been strapped for cash. Now that things were starting to look up, though, he was looking forward to getting back into the game. As he ran his hand through his dark hair, still looking at the woman across from him, he thought that this might be the night.

Diane heard a rustle of paper and looked up to see a man with sunglasses putting down his newspaper. Who wears sunglasses at night? she thought, even if he is really cute. She went back to her studies, but couldn't resist sneaking a peek at the man across from her after a little while. It seemed as if he was looking her way, but she couldn't be sure because of his sunglasses. It was then, as she glanced back down at her notes, that she suddenly became aware of how low her top had slipped. Blushing, she tried to fix it without being obvious, but it only slipped lower. She decided to just try to ignore it and finish studying. However, as she glanced up again at the man, he still appeared to be looking at her. 

He's staring at my boobs! she realized with a start, embarrassed and excited all at once. By this time, she was having a very hard time concentrating on her work. She began to feel warm tingling between her thighs. Oh fuck it, she thought, I'll never finish studying like this. She left for the bathroom to bring herself off, thinking that after that she'd have a clear mind.

The men's bathroom was out of order, so the women's had been made into an impromptu 'unisex' bathroom, a sign on the door asking patrons to 'Please knock!' Hearing no reply when she knocked, Diane went inside the single-occupancy room. 

Leaning up against the wall, she pulled up the folds of her dress with one hand so that it bunched at her waist. Her other hand reached inside her dress to pull on her painfully hard nipples. She gasped with the pleasure it gave her, continuing to roll the swollen nub between her fingers. 

Her other hand rubbed over her mound outside her thong, bringing her a soft warm feeling. After massaging the outside, her hand pushed easily past the flimsy fabric into the damp curls. She dipped two fingers inside, feeling the unbelievable warmth and wetness. Her two fingers found her clit and started to slide over it. 

She tried hard not to cry out as the pleasure from both hands began to intensify. Her fingers moved more quickly now, bringing her to that place she knew so well, of intense pleasure about to be released. Her knowledge of her body made it easy for her to come to this point. Her stifled gasps and moans were beginning to sound loud in the linoleum room, but she didn't care. The man looking at her, her knowledge of what he was thinking, made her so hot that she would have done almost anything to quench the longing between her thighs. Suddenly, she heard a knock at the door.

"You alright in there?" asked a male voice. Joe wasn't stupid enough to let this sexy young woman get by him. He knew he would be able to talk with her alone back here, hit on her, get her phone number. But the sounds from the bathroom had given him a better idea. 

"Yeah, uh, yes I'm fine," her breathless voice answered. Joe entered anyway.

"Hey! What do you think you're doing?" Diane exclaimed. She was both disappointed and surprised when this strange guy came barging in. She had almost been there when he knocked, and her pussy still tingled. But it wasn't just some guy, she quickly realized. It was him, the one she'd been thinking about just now! Her heart began to race. 

"Sounded like you needed some help in here," grinned Joe. Diane's surprised face turned to indignation. 

"I don't need any help from you, you perv!" She started to storm out, embarrassed, when he caught her arm and pulled her to him. 

"Oh, I think you do." With that, he kissed her full mouth, aggressively opening her up to him with his hot tongue. He pulled her close against him, feeling her breasts on his chest and her whole body crushed against his. 

Diane realized as soon as their lips met that this was what she needed, what she wanted. As their bodies pressed together she felt his hard cock against her belly. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him back, feeling his hands on her back pulling her close, and then roaming down to grab her ass. He backed her up against the wall, still assaulting her with his mouth. Delirious with lust, he kissed down her neck to those breasts that had enticed him ever since he first noticed her. 

He unclasped the band around her neck and let her top fall down. There they were, perfectly round and full, weighed down by their own weight yet still high and begging to be fondled. He ran a hand lightly around the edges, still in awe of the perfection he saw before him. Her nipples were slightly larger than average, the color of red wine. The tips ached to be sucked. Diane put her hand on the back of his head, and he obligingly lowered his mouth to the nubs. 

As he latched on, she cried out in pleasure. He buried his face in her soft breasts, feeling them warm on his cheeks as his hands cupped their fullness. He tweaked one nipple with his fingers as he flicked the other with his tongue. Diane was out of her mind with pleasure. Her cries had become shouts that echoed in the room. She feared her sore nipples couldn't take any more, so she pushed his head farther down, until he was face to face with her pussy. 

While disappointed at his forced separation from her breasts, Joe was not at all sad when he saw his new mission. He cupped her ass and brought her closer to his mouth. Kissing the outside, he brought one hand to the front and parted her red lips. He ran his tongue up the length of her, causing her to shudder around him. As she had already been touching herself, the lightest flick of his tongue over her clit made her jump and it was not long before he felt her hands tightly gripping his hair. Looking up and seeing her flushed cheeks and her swollen mouth and nipples, her eyes closed and mouth open with pleasure, his tongue danced even more furiously. He reached up and began rolling a sore nipple between his fingers. He could hear her getting closer, her voice rising in pitch and volume. Her cries filled the tiny room and, he thought to himself, probably the entire shop as well. 

Suddenly she jerked, and with a loud cry she began her release. To her it seemed that the pleasure kept flowing out of her. At every breath and at every clench of her pussy she felt a surge of energy and euphoria. After what seemed a long time, she relaxed her body, exhausted. Joe rose up to meet her, and she realized that he hadn't had the same satisfaction as she had. She traced her fingers around his cock and whispered in his ear. "I think I've got a plan for you."

She took his hand and led him over to the toilet, where she sat down with him in front of her. She looked up at him with a devilish grin and began to unfasten his belt. She slowly pulled the belt through the buckle and kissed the top button of his pants before unbuttoning it and moving the zipper down, following its path with her hot mouth. The tip of his cock poked out of the top of his underwear, and she gave it a long, lingering kiss before she slid his clothes down to his ankles. 

Taking his red cock in her hands, she again looked up at him as she began to slide her hands up and down his length. Diane loved to suck cock, she loved the feel of it in her hands, in her mouth, and the intense pleasure she was able to arouse. She kissed the tip again, this time taking it deeper into her hot mouth. Joe put a hand on the back of her head and buried it in her dark hair. Diane didn't need any encouragement, but enjoyed his touch just the same. She fondled his balls lightly with one hand as the other continued to pump his cock. 

She went as far down as she could, sucking in her cheeks so that he could feel her all around him bobbing up and down. Looking down and seeing her mouth stuffed with his cock, Joe smiled and let his head fall back. "Oh yeah, baby, suck my cock," he groaned. In response, she moaned around him, the vibrations causing him to gasp with pleasure. She took both her hands and put them around his dick, lightly twisting it as she continued to suck on the top. Joe was going crazy with this slow torture. He was almost ready to simply grab her head and fuck her face when she suddenly pulled off.

"What's wrong?" he asked, worried that he had done something to end this bliss. She simply smiled up at him, with that sexy look that he was beginning to know. 

"Nothing's wrong. I just thought you might like something else." She reached over to the soap dispenser and squeezed some liquid soap into her hand. Joe looked at her bewildered until his eyes lit up when she started to smear it between her breasts. Her hands made her tits rise and fall, their fullness falling out of her small hands. She took his cock in her hands and slid her now slippery fingers over it. She brought it to her chest and wrapped her breasts around it. 

Joe nearly came right then and there as he felt the softness around him and looked down to see the sexy sight. She licked the tip of his cock and looked up at him. "You know what to do." 

Joe obediently started pumping his dick in and out of her tits. He groaned with satisfaction. This sexy woman he barely even knew was letting him fuck her tits in a public bathroom. Her breasts pressed in on him as she held them together, the warm friction driving him wild. Occasionally, but not every time, Diane would take the tip of him into her mouth, sometimes softly licking it and other times flicking him with her tongue. 

Joe increased the pace, the sound of his cock pumping in and out of her breasts filling the room with a sloppy sound. His dick was hot and wet, the friction making him crazy. He looked down and saw his blur of a dick going in and out, in and out of her soft breasts, and Diane looking up at him and licking the tip. "Please give it to me, baby, please! I want to feel your cum all over my tits and my neck and my face. Oh god please give it to me!" 

That was all it took for Joe. He shut his eyes and with one last spurt of energy, he grabbed her shoulders and pumped all he could into her, feeling his cum rise up from his balls and through his dick to come out on the chest of this sexy woman. He yelled. "Yeah! Oh yeah! Fuck!" He came and came, spilling out onto her chest and neck. He seemed to keep going forever, until finally he stopped and he pulled his dick out from between her breasts. He looked down at her, panting. 

"Fuck, that was better than I've had in years. How did you do that?" She smiled. "Why don't we get cleaned up and go find out?" As they left the now empty shop, they encountered some smiling employees. "Y'all come back now, ya hear?"