 Slowly sliding under my blankets I begin to feel the loneliness that creeps over me every night. It's been nearly two years since I've had someone to get into bed with. On top of being lonely I was also very horny. I hadn't gotten laid in as long as I'd been alone. After my last boyfriend and I broke up, I swore off relationships for a while, and I was never one for casual sex. Besides, I work full time as a receptionist in a doctors office, and I don't have much time for men. So, I had to rely on my fingers and my vibrator. What I really needed was a big hard cock pounding into me. 

I sighed as I reached for my vibrator. I turned it on, and rubbed it against my clit for a minute and then slid it into my pussy. With the vibrator in my pussy and my fingers on my clit, I bring myself to an orgasm. Then I fall asleep feeling totally unsatisfied.

About two hours later I awake suddenly when the lamp clicked on. There was a man standing next to my bed. He was young, maybe his mid 20's, tall, slim, and slightly muscular with short dark hair. I opened my mouth to speak, but he covered my mouth with his. His lips were soft and I wanted to kiss them back, But fear overtook me and I pulled away. 

"Who the hell are you? What the hell are you doing in my house? and How the fuck did you get in?"

He began to speak and his voice sent shivers down my spine "I've been watching you, ever since I came into the office two weeks ago and saw you working, I wanted you." 

I didn't remember seeing this man in the office. But that didn't mean he was lying. I see so many people that I wouldn't remember someone from two weeks ago. Even a guy this good looking. He continued to speak

"I followed you home, I've watched you. I know you're alone. No boyfriend, no husband, and I've seen you masturbating at night, I know you want a real cock inside you. And now, I'm gonna give you that cock that you want so badly."

I couldn't believe he was saying all this. I stood up.

"There is no way in hell --" 

He cut me of by roughly shoving me down on the bed. I struggled against him but he was stronger than I had thought. 

"I was hoping I wouldn't have to do this" he said pulling something out of his pocket. He tied my wrists to the headboard, then firmly running his hands down my legs so I couldn't kick, he tied my ankles to the footboard so my legs were spread apart. I was terrified. 

"P-Please don't hurt me" I whimpered.

"Oh honey, I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm gonna fuck your brains out. so just relax, and I guarantee you'll enjoy it"

He climbed back on top of me and roughly pawed at my tits though my silk nightshirt and began to unbutton the buttons. As soon as the cool air hit my nipples they began to harden and as soon as he began to lick my tits my pussy began to moisten. I was trying to fight it, but it felt so good. As he licked and sucked on my tits, he began to run his hand downwards over my flat stomach and down to my shaven pussy. He looked up at me and smiled

'I love a bare pussy" he said. 

Then he reached further down and began to massage my inner thigh just inches away from my pussy and in seconds my pussy was drenched and begging for his touch. I could feel his hard cock against my leg and wanted it so bad, I wasn't scared anymore, I wanted to fuck this man more than anything and I didn't even know his name.

I moaned loudly and he looked up at me.

"Enjoying yourself?" he asked

"It feels so good" I responded

"If I untie you will you behave yourself?" as he asked this, he inched his fingers closer to my dripping pussy. I quickly nodded, and with his free hand he reached down and untied my legs, and then he reached up and untied my wrists I quickly ran my hands over his bare shoulders feeling his muscles. He moved up and kissed me. I eagerly returned the kiss, parting my lips to invite his tongue inside. As his tongue explored my mouth, he finally slid his fingers into my pussy. I moaned loudly into his mouth and he pulled away kissing my neck, and licking my ears while fucking me hard with his large fingers.

"Your Pussy is so tight, I can't wait to stick my cock deep inside you," he whispered in my ear. As soon as I heard those words I began to cum, hard. Realizing it was his words just as much as his fingers that got me off he began to whisper more into my ear.

"I can smell your pussy, It smells so good. I can't wait to taste it. I wanna stick my tongue deep inside you and taste your cum"

He moved his fingers faster and faster, and I began my second orgasm.

He continued

"I want you so bad, I want to taste and feel every part of your luscious body. And I want to fuck you until you can't see straight"

I began my third orgasm and he quickly moved down to lick up my juices. He then removed his pants and I was amazed at the sight of his cock. It had been so long since I had seen one up close and his was perfect, 6, maybe 7 inches. Perfect size, not to big (I never liked big cocks) but not to small. As soon as I saw it, my pussy began to beg for it and I nearly came again. I wanted that beautiful cock so bad.

I pounced on him. I licked that beautiful cock from base to tip and then sucked the head into my mouth. He moaned in pleasure, and I quickly sucked down as much of his cock as I could. Over and Over the head of his cock slammed into the back of my throat He moaned loudly again and I laid down on the bed and called him over to me. I had him straddle my chest and place his cock between my tits. then I pushed them up and surrounded his cock with them. He began to thrust back and forth fucking my tits as hard as he could. He moaned and grunted loudly and then began to cum all over my neck chest and tits. It felt so good to have his cum on me. I always liked it to have guys cum on me. He wiped the cum off with one of my sheets. Then he laid down nest to me and began to play with my hair.

"Ever since the first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my entire life," he said "I had to have you. I had to caress those large tits, kiss those beautiful lips, and lick that beautiful pussy that I knew was waiting for me in those pants." 

I smiled at him. "You have made me cum harder and faster than anyone I've ever met and I don't even know your name" 

"Alex" he whispered in my ear. he began kissing my neck and I moaned loudly. I was beginning to get my second wind and I knew it was time to feel that hard cock inside me. I reached down and felt his cock. It was only semi-hard. I got an Idea. I moved away from him and spread my legs, slowly I slid my finer into my pussy. As he watched, I moved my finger in and out of my pussy. Then I pulled my finger out and never taking my eyes of his slid the finger into my mouth and sucked the juices off. Then my finger went back to my pussy and then I lifted it to his mouth and he eagerly took it into his mouth. His cock was rock hard now, and I wanted it so bad. 

I laid on my back and he moved between his legs and began to rub the head of his cock against my pussy and slides in. he has to work a little because my pussy is very tight, but the extreme wetness of my pussy makes it easier on him. I moan loudly as his cock stretches my tight pussy. It had been so long since I had a real cock inside me, it only took a minute for me to cum. He quickly began to pound into me as hard as he could.

"Oh baby" he moaned "Your Pussy is so hot and so tight"

I raised my hips to meet his thrusts as my second orgasm approached.

He was moaning loudly and moving at a rapid pace as I began to scream in pleasure. 

"Oh baby, I'm gonna cum" he moaned and he began pounding into me harder than I ever thought possible. Suddenly, his pace slowed almost to a stop as he pumped his cum deep into my pussy. he moaned again and then rolled off me and I fell asleep in the arms of my sexy new lover.