 It was after hours at work and I was relaxing by reading some electronic porn on my office computer. My back was to the door and I was involved in my fantasies on the screen while I slowly stroked my prick through my slacks when suddenly I was surprised by a knock at my door. I don't know how long she had been standing there or what she had seen, but her presence left me in awe because when I turned around I was confronted with this blonde goddess standing in my office. She was about 5'4" with the most gorgeous blue eyes and wildly teased long blonde hair. Her perfume filled the room with her scent and her perfectly proportioned figure was highlighted by her trim and revealing dress. She asked if I could get someone to open the classroom across the hall where she was to conduct a seminar that evening. After locating the coordinator, she thanked me for my help and left.

I thought to myself, wouldn't it be great to kiss those sensuous red lips, caress those perfectly formed tits and lie between those long shapely legs. But then reality hit me and I realized that not only was she gone, but she may have seen my stroking and could really get me into trouble with my boss. How wrong I was to have worried.

The following week, about an hour before her next class, she walked into my office again. I was a little concerned about her intentions, but then she said that she had been surprised to see me reading a pornographic letter the previous week. (Apparently, she had been standing behind me long enough to read some of the material on the screen). The more she had thought about catching me stroking my prick, she decided that she wanted to see what I had been hiding behind my desk. I was surprised at her bluntness, but figured what the hell, I had wanted her from the time I first saw her.

She quickly came around behind my desk and sat on my lap. Our lips met in the most heated kiss I had received in a long time. Our tongues met and intertwined like dueling swords. As our breathing increased and our passions mounted, I broke off her advances. I told her I was afraid of someone walking in on us and started to get up, but she stopped me and said that she had already taken care of that by locking the office door when she came in. Knowing that everyone else had left and that the cleaning crew wouldn't be in until much later that night, we got back to where we had left off as she again kissed me deeply. I told her how much I had thought about her since last week and even told her about the fantasies I had dreamed with her as the main attraction. Her perfume was intoxicating and I began to fondle her ripe tits through the smooth fabric of her blouse.

She responded by grabbing my hand and pressing it firmly to her chest. It was definitely getting hotter in the office and as I started to unbutton her blouse I felt her reaching down to stroke my hardening prick though my slacks. I slowly removed her silky top, threw it over onto a nearby chair, and proceeded to unhook her lacy satin bra that was barely ample to hold her full breasts. She sighed as they were freed from their bondage. I started to lick the dark tan areola as her nipples rose up like little pencil erasers and became hard yet pliable. I alternated from her left tit to her right as my tongue circled and flicked over her nipples and I began a slow but steady suction on them as she continued to moan deeper with each stroke of my tongue.

While I continued my assault on her tits, I began to rub my hand up her legs, reaching under her tight skirt to her soft, warm thighs. I was pleasantly surprised when I got up high enough to discover that she preferred to wear thigh-hi stockings. I knew then that I wouldn't have to fight the cursed pantyhose barrier. Once I reached the top of her stockings, I couldn't believe how hot her thighs were as I approached her silken panties. As I began to slide my fingers over her covered vulva, she spread her legs wider to give me better access. Her panties already had a growing wet spot that seemed to cover her whole mound. I stretched the elastic and slid my fingers beneath the silken barrier to finally reach her soft slit that was covered by the softest, silky hair I had ever felt.

I began to move my finger up and down her wet slit, slowly entering between her lips and reaching her clit at the top. The wetness was growing and her juices let my fingers move smoothly and quickly over her orgasmic nub. I quickened my strokes on her clit with my thumb as I inserted a finger into her hot, pulsating cunt. My finger moved smoothly into the deep recesses of her womanhood and her wet hole seemed to draw my finger into it like a vacuum. I couldn't believe how smooth and tight she felt. As I increased the tempo of my strokes and the depth of my plunges into her quivering quim, her breathing began to come in quick, short breaths. I realized she was close to cumming as I continued sliding my fingers over and into her hot cunt that was starting to release its juice like a faucet. Soon she gasped that she was cumming as I sank another finger into her wet hole, bringing her over the edge. She came in a long pulsating orgasm as she bucked and grunted against my hand. Her body jerked and convulsed in a gut-wrenching orgasm that left her gasping for breath.

"That was great" she said. "Now how about showing me what's been pressing into my lap all this time." I now realized that feeling the heat and wetness of her cunt had made my prick harder than ever as it strained to get out of my pants. She quickly got up from my lap and kneeled in front of my chair. As she pulled the zipper down, my prick seemed to want to jump through the zipper opening. I lifted myself off the chair slightly as she pulled my pants and jockeys down to my ankles in one swift motion. My engorged prick now was free from its prison and stood up hard and ready for her. With each heartbeat, it jumped just waiting to feel her soft caress. She quickly grabbed me at the base of my cock and started to stroke it slowly up and down. Before long she leaned forward and in one motion devoured my hardened member to the hilt. I could feel her hot tongue trying to wrap itself around me as she held me deep in her mouth. She then began to slowly raise her head until just the tip was between her wet lips and then quickly plunged down again to swallow the entire length. My mind was reeling from the pleasure she was giving me. I began to thrust my hips up to meet her downward strokes, but she held my hips firmly in the chair and continued to move her head up and down as she sucked me harder and harder. After several more strokes she lifted her wet lips to the tip of my prick and started to swirl her tongue over the purple knob licking up the precum that was forming there. After getting her fill of my juices, she again dropped her head down until my entire length was deep in her throat.

I told her that if she kept that up I was going to cum any second. She just moaned as she began to stroke me up and down with her hot, wet, and obviously talented mouth. After several more strokes, I could feel the cum welling up in my balls as my prick swelled even harder and bigger than it was before. I nearly shouted that I was cumming as she sank her lips to the base and took me deep into her throat and stayed there. She increased the pressure of her sucking as the cum shot from my balls into her waiting mouth. Each pulse made me jerk as my cum flooded her. She swallowed my jism and slowly stroked my prick up and down sucking and milking my cock to get every drop that was left. Finally she released my spent organ and kissed the tip before she got up.

"You taste wonderful. It's been a long time since I had such a great snack", she said. I grabbed her hand and told her that I wanted to see if she tasted good too. I kissed her forcefully as we stood there, my hands caressing her ass through her skirt. I found the zipper on the back of her skirt and pulled it down. Her clothes dropped to the floor and I quickly grabbed her panties and pulled them off and threw them both onto the chair with her blouse. I stepped out of my pants that were still hanging down around my ankles and kicked them aside. I sat her on the edge of my desk and began kissing her neck. I slowly continued my kisses down until I was again savoring those gorgeous globes of tit flesh. They must have been very sensitive because she began to moan again as I flicked my tongue over her hard nipples. Slowly I kissed my way down her chest and tummy as she slowly laid herself back onto the desktop.

Finally I reached her soft, silken, and neatly trimmed pussy hair. I had suspected that she was a natural blonde and now I was certain. Her golden blonde pubic hairs were as soft as kittens' fur and they beckoned me toward the object of my desire. I moved down and began to kiss her soft thighs above her stockings. She quickly maneuvered her legs so that they were resting over my shoulders and I had full access to her hot sex. I moved my caresses higher and began to lick all around her engorged pussy lips. She smelled so sweet that I couldn't wait to plunge my tongue into her wet slit that was oozing with her juices. The blowjob she had given me earlier must have excited her almost as much as it had me because her pussy juice was covering her crotch and had even begun to run down her legs. I continued to lap up her juices as I moved closer and closer to those soft, inviting lips. Now I'm no pussy expert, but these had to be the best looking pussy lips I had ever seen. They were tight together without any hint of excess skin. Her juices highlighted them as they glistened in the light. I moved my tongue near her labia and used it to push the lips aside and then I began to lick up and down her hot, wet slit. I licked with wanton passion from her cunt hole up to her clit. Every so often, I would force the tip of my tongue deep into her pussy hole as if I was fucking her with my tongue. As her breath quickened, I moved up and locked my lips over her hardened clit. She nearly went crazy as I flicked my tongue back and forth over her clit. Her whole body twitched with pleasure as I alternated licking her slit and buzzing her clit. When I finally inserted one, then two fingers into her cunt, she began to really move her hips to meet my thrusts and licks.

"Oh, GAAAD" she cried, "I'm CUMMING!!" With that exclamation, I clamped my lips over her clit and flicked my tongue over her sensitive bud while thrusting my fingers as far as they would go into her wet pulsating cunt. I could feel her pussy walls contracting around my fingers with each spasm of her body. I continued to lick her clit as she bucked and jerked on the desk with each contact my tongue made with her swollen clit. She finally pulled my head away from her cunt and begged me to fuck her hard.

I stood up and let her legs fall from my shoulders to rest astride my hips. The excitement of eating her delicious pussy had revived my spent cock which was now standing up hard and waiting to enter her moist quim. I reached down and pulled her legs up so that her heels were now resting on my shoulders and her pussy was lying at the very edge of my desk. I took one last look at her great looking pussy as I leaned forward and placed the head of my raging hardon at the entrance to her heavenly box. I began a slow, but steady pressure deep into her dripping cunt until I was balls deep into her. I couldn't believe how good she felt. The juice from her orgasms was literally pouring out of her and had turned her cunt into a steam bath from the heat of her passion. She was as tight as an Isotoner glove and I could feel every fold of her flesh inside. She began squeezing her cuntal muscles and it felt like a soft hand was stroking my cock. I began to slowly pull out until only the head was still inside her, then I slowly pushed back inside her to the hilt.

"Fuck me harder, faster!" she cried. My aim was to please, so I stepped up my pumping in and out of her hot, wet fuckhole. She slid her legs down my side, locked her heels together behind my back and began to pull me deeper into her. This whole scene was beyond all the fantasies I had thought about with her and I was in heaven, just pounding in and out of that delicious cunt. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me ... more, more, more" she wailed in time with each deep thrust into her. As I picked up the pace of my relentless strokes, she pushed back against my groin to meet my thrusts, her ass rising off the desk with every deep penetrating insertion. I stood up straighter so that I could work my fingers between our pounding bodies. I began to rub her wet clit with my thumb to increase her pleasure. That did it. She began to moan with gasping breaths as she began to peak to her impending climax.

You could almost hear her cunt juice slurping around my enflamed prick as our bodies slapped together with each deep thrust into her. Inside I could feel her cunt begin to contract forcefully as she started jerking involuntarily from the spasms as she came. Over and over I felt her body convulse with the power of her orgasm as I continued to stroke her clit and prolong her climax. The sight of this beautiful, blonde goddess lying before me awaiting every deep stroke I could give her as she jerked in response to my pounding was more than I could take. The contractions I felt in her pussy finally brought about the release I wanted as I began to feel my spunk boil up toward the end of my cock. When the first spurt came out of my swollen prick, I thrust all the way into her heated fuckhole and held myself deep inside her. With each spurt of my cock, she seemed to jump as though electric shocks were entering her. Her spasms slowly subsided as she sank down from the sexual high she had been on. I kept my prick deep within her as we panted our satisfaction.

Finally I slid my deflating penis out of her and pulled her up toward me on the desk, taking her in my arms and kissing her gently on those sensuous lips that earlier had encircled my throbbing member. "Thank you, that was wonderful," I said quietly.

"It sure was. I'm glad I decided to stop in before my class tonight," she replied. At the same instant, we looked at the clock on the wall and realized she had only 3 minutes left to get to her class.

As she quickly slipped back into her clothing, I gazed lovingly at her perfectly shaped body one last time. Just as she began to leave my office, I stopped her and asked, "By the way, what's your name?"

"Michelle" she replied as she ran toward the door. As she started to open the door, she turned toward me and said, "Thanks a lot, I needed that. See you next week!"

With that she was gone and before I knew it I began to imagine the many things we could do with each other over the weeks to come until her seminars were done. Whoever said working late has its rewards sure knew what they were talking about.