 The lights in the theater are dimming. Those familiar plump red lips are fading onto the screen, and the audience has become enthralled with the action, calling responses back to those lips that have not changed in almost thirty years.

I'm not paying attention to the screen though, or the audience, not tonight. No, tonight my eyes are on you. I play absentmindedly with the very ends of my long hair. I run my fingers through it nervously as I subtly follow your movements across the stage, pulling the props away and putting the new ones into place. 

Hardly anyone would notice you, but to me you stand out. Faded jeans and a plain grey t-shirt are a hard contrast to the black corsets and white make-up that are so common here. I think you've noticed me looking at you finally, because you stop for just one moment, and smile. It's a soft smile, no teeth, and it makes me go weak in the knees. Perhaps it wasn't even a smile, but I know I have caught your eye either way. That look is very familiar…

I want very much to run backstage, pull you outside and rip your pants off right there, but I'm a good girl and good girl's do only what they are told. I must remind myself of this several times as the cult classic plays on. I occasionally run my fingers through my hair, or find myself licking my lips slowly as I'm doing my lines, all the time trying to catch another glimpse of you. I seem to have lost you in the fray however, as you are suddenly nowhere to be found.

Sighing softly, I grab my purse and head out of the theater, up the stairs to the rest room. When I come out into the seemingly empty hallway however, strong hands grab me from behind, spin me around and push me against the wall. 

It's you! I try to conceal my excitement as you gaze into my eyes, boring holes into me. The look on your face is not one of romance or soft kisses, but a hungry stare of passion and lust, as you press your lips to mine, our mouths opening and tongues massaging each other firmly. Your hips are pushing into me, and I can feel stiffness behind the rough denim. We continue making out fiercely in the empty hallway for five minutes, before you finally reach over to the office door that's right next to me, open it and push me inside. My purse falls to the floor, flying open and spilling among other things, condoms and lube.

Now your hands are on my body, your fingers tracing the curve of my hips, slipping casually up my shirt, rubbing my tits firmly, pinching my nipples through the fabric of my bra. Soft moans are escaping my lips, despite my best efforts to quell them and stay quiet. An all too well known tingle is beginning between my legs, and I can feel the wetness accumulating. If you don't slow your assault on my breasts soon, I'm going to come, something you are obviously aware of because you are playing with my nipples enthusiastically. If for no other reason than to torture me more, I can feel your teeth on my neck biting… softly at first, then a little harder. Before I can stop myself I've let out a cry of ecstasy. 

You rip your hand out of my shirt and up to my mouth. Breathing heavily, you growl as quietly as possible, "Do you want it?" 

Being unable to speak, I simply nod. You guide me to my knees in front of you, and I waste no time in unbuttoning your pants, or sliding them down with your underwear, revealing your swollen cock. I inhale your deep, musky scent before opening my mouth and wrapping my lips around your head. I place one hand around the base of your dick, as I slowly slide my mouth down your shaft, taking utter delight in how you taste. Your breathing gets heavier when I run my tongue back up the bottom of your pulsing member.

You run your fingers through my hair as I am sucking on you hungrily. Soon your cock is slick with my saliva, and I'm picking up speed. I'm just at the point of wondering how close I've gotten you, when you grab a fistful of my hair and pull me to my feet.

You're pulling my skirt up around my hips while pushing me backwards to sit on the desk. I can feel your strong hands sliding up my soft thighs, and finally, it is between my legs, rubbing my pussy slowly, mashing my soaked panties up again my clit.

"Ooooh, somebody's excited," you whisper with a wicked grin on your face. "How long have you wanted this?"

I cannot answer you. All I'm focused on now is the feeling you're giving me. I don't want you to stop, but you do, long enough grab the tiny strings that tie the sides of my thong together, and pull them loose in one fluid motion. Now my pussy is exposed, wet and ready for you. 

Quickly you pick one of the condoms up off the floor and rip it open, rolling it down your thick shaft while positioning yourself right in front of my wet slit. You grab my hair at the nape of my neck, pushing just the head of your cock inside of me. I squeeze around you as tight as I can, desperately trying to get all of you.

"You didn't answer me," you snap, pulling my head back, exposing my neck. "I want you to tell me, how long you've wanted this, how long you've wanted to feel my cock deep inside of you."

I'm aching for it now, but I manage a barely audible whisper. "Since the moment I saw you!" That wicked grin plays across your lips again, and in one fluid motion, you shove your entire length into me, pushed as deep as you can go at the same moment pressing your lips firmly against mine to mask the scream of pleasure I was unable to keep down. I wrap my legs loosely around your hips as you fuck me, sliding in and out of me slowly at first, but then you start going faster, drilling me deeply, I'm seconds away from an explosive orgasm when you stop! 

You hold yourself inside of me for a moment, listening to my breathing slow all the way, until it's almost normal, when you start to fuck me again. This time you start even slower than before. You play this cruel seduction for several minutes; bring me to within milliseconds of climax, and then starting all over again. You want to draw this out, keep me under your power as long as possible, and it is driving me insane. My nails are digging into your back as you do this one last time, but now it's different, because now you're about to cum, too.

With two deep hard thrusts, you let out a guttural moan, and I can feel your cock twitching inside of me, triggering my own intense, overwhelming orgasm. I bite gently on your shoulder, trying to mask my scream, my nails pressed down into your flesh. 

We stay like this for a moment, basking in the aftermath. A cheer erupts from the theater below. The show has ended, and people will be coming upstairs very shortly. 

You pull out of me, and quickly pull your pants up. "Your friends are going to be looking for you," you say, calmly walking toward the door. You turn and look at me before opening it, "And I'll be looking for you next week." 

With that, you walk away, leaving me, still smiling, and thoroughly satisfied, sitting on the desk.