 I kicked back in my chair, feet up on the table in front of me as I glanced at my watch. It'd just ticked past 3am. I reached down to the esky beside me, feeling though the icy cold water in search of another beer, my hand slowly losing feeling as I continued my fruitless hunt for the amber liquid.

"Looks like you're out gorgeous," a voice joked off to my right.

"Yup. Oh well, been a good night," I replied as I glanced to the pretty blond swinging in the patio chair.

My eyes started at her crossed legs, slowly travelling up the smooth skin, soaking in the beauty. Up over her waist, the tight denim shorts clinging to her every curve. I continued, eyes travelling over her toned stomach, pausing as I admired her DD boobs, straining the fabric of the shoe string black, floral top she wore, accentuated by the push up bra something she always liked to wear. I finally settled on her face, long blond hair framing her head, blue eyes gazing out over her glasses, a smile on her face.

"You know Orin, I think I may have a drinking problem," I chuckled.

"Oh?"

"Yeah, I'm out haha!" I replied

"God your cheesy!" she laughed in response.

I downed the remainder of my beer in my hand, glancing around the patio. Most everyone had called it a night, only the dedicated few still kicking on. It had been a big night, all of our mates heading around for a BBQ, poker game, which i'd badly lost and just a generally good time. A few mates were onto their last drinks while Mark the host of this little shindig had passed the fuck out on the outdoor lounge after one too many tequila shots. 

"Yep," I thought to myself, tossing the now empty beer into the bin, "Pretty sweet night."

"Think I'm gonna hit the sack," Orin said, stifling a yawn with the back of her hand.

"Yeah that sounds like a good idea," I replied.

"Help me up?" She asked, reaching out her hand.

"Sure," as I took her hand, pulling her to her feet, causing her to tumble into me.

"Oh shit sorry!"

"All good, had a bit more to drink than you thought huh?" I chuckled to her.

"Yeah maybe..." She said, a little unsteady on her feet.

She trundle past me, giving me a great view of her ass, the bottom of her ass poking out from below her shorts, her back exposed as the shirt split from the top down showing off her toned body well. I felt my dick twitch at the sight as she disappeared inside the house.

I grabbed my phone from the table and, after taking a quick glance around to make sure nothing expensive was left out, wandered inside the house and down the hall to the spare room at the back. It was empty, as expected, it was an unwritten law that the back spare room was mine, since I practically lived at Mark's place of a weekend. I walked in, kicking the door closed behind me with my foot as I stripped my shirt and shorts off, dropping down onto the sheets. I rarely wore underwear, preferring to free ball during the hotter months.

I twisted onto my back, arms under my head as I shut my eyes, thoughts of Orin slipping into my mind. I'd been flirting and joking around with her every since meeting her at a friends party for a few months. We got along well, she had a great sense of humour and was really laid back. Right now though I wasn't thinking of that, but images of her naked body floated through my mind. I felt my cock beginning to get hard as I envisioned Orin's tight pussy slowly riding up and down my now raging hard cock. For a moment I considered going looking for her room but figured she looked pretty out of it as she left so would probably asleep.

I closed my eyes, slowly feeling sleep take me. Ever so quietly, I heard a click come from the door, and the sound of feet scraping across the carpet. I felt a weight lowering onto the bed beside as the warmth of another body slid up to me.

"I hope you don't mind," Orin said, "But I figured it'd be nicer to sleep beside someone and not alone."

I looked over, Orin lying there in nothing but her orange G-string.

"So long as you don't mind me been butt naked," I replied quietly, as I turned onto my right and reached out my arm looking for her.

I felt Orin turn to face away as she scooted her body back into mine, her ass pressing back into my cock as she snuggled her body into mine. She took my arm, wrapping it around her as she rested her head on my now out stretched right arm.

"Not at all," came the sleepy response giving her ass a little jiggle, grinding my cock as we both dozed off to sleep.

Some hours later I woke to the feeling of a hand gently stroking my cock.We where still lying on our sides, me spooning Orin as she reached back, tenderly jacking my thick cock in her hand. I took my free hand, slowly started to trace lines down her side. I started at her shoulder, trailing my finger tips down over the side of her tit, down her ribs and her side, as she twitched a little at the contact, continuing my movement down over her hip and her thigh. AS I reached her knee I made my way back up, this time over the front of her thigh, rubbing over her pussy through her G-string a quiet moan escaping from her lips, her grip momentarily tightening around my cock and up over her stomach until I cupped her left boob.

I shifted closer, nuzzling into her neck, planting tender kisses while i slowly ran my hand over her tits, massaging and rolling her nipples through my fingers. Her moaning became louder, more insistent. She increased her pace on my cock as I nibbled as the base of her neck.

"Mmmm that feel's nice," I heard her mummer, "Don't stop..." She trailed off.

I left my hand wander down her slender body as she turned her head to kiss me our lips locking, tongues exploring each others. My hand trailed down her stomach as I pushed my fingers underneath the waist band of her G-string, her body tensing and quivering as I brushed over her clit. I felt her moan into my mouth as I slowly traced circles over her clit, heat radiating off her already soaking, smooth pussy. I felt her hand leave my cock as she reach up to paw at her own tits, her legs spreading slightly wider as I push 2 fingers deep into her pussy.

"You like that do yo?" I asked, not stopping.

"Ugh, Yes," I heard her pant a she rocked her hips back and forth, thrusting into my fingers as my thumb flicked over her clit. I slowly plunged my fingers in and out of her hot, tight pussy. Orin bent her head forward, her tongue flicking out over her nipple. I felt her body tensing up, her breathing becoming laboured. I withdrew my fingers from her soaking pussy, focusing my attention on her clit, fingers rubbing circles and applying pressure. I felt her body begin to shake, her orgasming rolling over her.

"Fuck I'm cuming," she moaned breathlessly as her body began to shake up controllably.

I continued my attention over her clit, intent on making her orgasm last as long as possible, her body continued to quiver under my attention. She reached down, taking a grip of my wrist as she pulled my hand away. She continued to turn, pushing me onto my back as she rolled on top. Our lips locked again as she kissed me hard, My hands roaming freely over her back and down over her firm ass. She started to slide her way down my body, kissing her way down my chest, over my stomach toward my cock. I felt her warm breath on my cock as she licked from the base up the shaft to the tip, her lips closing over the tip of my cock as she took me into her mouth. I felt her hand wrap around my cock as she slowly bobbed her head up and down my hard cock. I looked down, taking a hand full of her long blond hair as she gazed up toward me, our eyes locking as she continued to suck my cock, lounge swirling around the tip. She dropped her head down, taking as much of my 10 inches into her mouth as possible.

She pulled her self off my cock, hand slowly jerking me off.

"God you fucking big!" she said, taking me in her hot mouth once more. She sucked and jerked my cock off as I lay back, enjoying the sensation and view of a gorgeous blond worshipping my raging hard cock.

I knew I'd cum if she kept this up much longer so I reached down, taking her hair in my hands and drew her back up. She straddled my body as she lay on top of me. I drew her into a deep kiss. I felt her lift herself off slightly, working her G-string off with one hand as she lowered pussy onto my cock. She slide up and down, slowly rubbing my cock over her clit, her wetness soaking my cock. She raised herself up, reaching down to grab my cock as she guided the tip into her waiting pussy. So lowered herself down, my thick cock stretching her tight pussy as she sank down to the base. She paused, slight tremors shaking her body.

"Fuck, i've never cum just sitting on a cock before," She giggled, as she slowly began to raise and lower her self on my cock.

I reached up with my hands, taking her tits in each one, rolling, pulling and pinching her nipples, loud moans escaping from her lips as she threw her head back, eyes closed as she rode my dick. 

The view was incredible, this blond beauty riding my cock, firm DD tits cupped in my hands as she moaned in pure pleasure. She leaned forward, placing her hands on my chest to steady herself as I started to slow my cock in and out, long deep thrusts. She gasped in pleasure with each trust.

"Ugh, Fuck, so deep. So big. Harder, please, I need it," She begged. I didn't need much encouragement. I grabbed her hips, and drawing my feet up towards us to leverage began to pump her as hard and fast as I could. I kept up my furious pace for what felt like 5 minutes and before long was rewarded with the feeling of Orin's pussy clamping down on my cock as she had another orgasm for the night.

"Ahhhhhh, I'm cummmmiiiinnnngggggg..." she screamed, throwing her head back, nails scratching my chest. She collapsed forward onto me, panting, trying to catch her breath. I pulled her into my embrace as I rolled her onto her back, my cock not once leaving her pussy. I knelt onto my knees, as she wrapped her legs around my waist.

Placing my hands either side of her chest I began to thrust my cock deep into her pussy again. Orin's head rolled from side to side, a look of ecstasy on her face as she used her legs to pull me in deeper with each thrust. I leant forward, kissing and softly biting her tits as she grabbed my hair with one hand and brought her other to her pussy, her hand a blur over of clit. I long stroked in and out, pulling out till just the tip remain before ramming my cock deep inside her tight pussy over and over determined to keep her in sexual bliss. 

We continued to fuck. I could feel my orgasm boiling to the surface. I withdrew myself from her silly smooth depths, as I crawled up and straddled her chest, placing my cock between her firm tits. She pressed them together as I began to fuck her tits. Her lounge flicking out over the tip of my cock, occasionally taking my into her mouth.

"Fuck i'm gonna cum!" I warned.

Orin grabbed my cock, jacking it furiously as she aimed my dick at her face, mouth open. Hot, ropy shots of cum shot out, covering her face before she took me in her mouth, sucking, determined to get every last drop as my balls released their creamy load into her mouth.

I pulled out, Orin running a finger over her face, scooping up what she'd missed with her mouth and sucking her fingers clean, her piercing blue eyes gazing into mine.

I slid up behind her, as she rolled onto her side again, taking her in my arms, my still hard cock resting in the crack of her ass.

"Really? Your still hard?" she asked surprised.

"I'll stay up all night with your sexy self beside me," I said.

"Well, how about I give you something to do with it?" She said as she reached between us.

She grabbed my cock once more and guided it to her tight little asshole as she pushed back into me. I pushed forwards feeling my cock force its way into her tight ass.

"Slowly..." she said between gasps.

I gently rocked my hips back and forth, slowly pushing more and more of my cock into her wonderful ass. I brought my hand around, fingers finding her clit again as I gently rubbed it while pushing my cock into her ass.

"Feels so good babe," she whispered.

"Your so fucking tight," I replied, as I finally buried my whole hot rod into her depths.

We began to rock back and forth, all sense of urgency gone, enjoying the intimacy, the warmth of our bodies. Orin's breath was laboured. She'd reached up her hand and was running it through my hair as I stroked my cock in her ass. She occasionally clenched, fighting her already vice like grip on my cock. The sensation was incredible.

"I'm gonna cum again, god yes, I'm cuming" she panted.

"Your ass is tight, i'm gonna cum too," I answered back, slowly being to pull out.

"Ugh, no, fill my ass, cum in my tight ass gorgeous" She said, as she pushed herself back hard into crotch. That was all the coercion needed, my cock pumping my cum into her ass as I buried myself to the hilt. Her hand joined mine as we rubbed her pussy together, rolling her into a body shaking orgasm once more.

My cock stopped twitching, as I took deeps breaths, regaining my composure, Orin panting in recovery from her own orgasm. She turned her head back to me, her lips seeking mine. I leaned in, tenderly kissing her, tongues exploring each others once more.

"That was amazing," she said, "Please stay like this all night?"

"Of course beautiful," I replied as she snuggled herself into my embrace, my cock still firmly up her ass as I dropped my left arm over her body, my hand settling over her tit once more.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, slowly drifting off to sleep.