 Derek Mason finished typing the last words of his feature article and leaned back in his leather chair with satisfaction.

Perfect! he thought.

He sent the document to the printer, made his way to the printer in the middle of the office with a cheerful smile on his face and a cocky swagger in his walk. The paper still warm and the ink still wet, Derek started for his boss Roger's corner office, overlooking downtown LA.

The sun was setting outside of Roger's office as Derek stepped in, and he felt the smile drop from his face as he discovered Nicole Avery was in the room as well. When she turned away from Roger's desk and saw him, she glared.

"Derek," Roger said looking over a document Nicole had just handed him. "Something I can help you with?"

Derek took his salty glare away from Nicole and brightened up a little as he faced his boss.

"Just that Platinum Blondes feature you asked for, sir," he said, sliding the paper right in his boss' line of view.

"What!" Nicole said suddenly, and Derek looked at her, surprised. "I was writing the Platinum Blondes feature."

Roger paused for a minute, and then thumbed through some old papers in his desk.

"Ah," Roger said, slapping his forehead gently. "My mistake. I assigned you both."

"Well," Derek said, frustrated. "What are we going to do?"

"Tell you what," Roger said, ruffling his thinning gray hair. "You guys will compete for the feature. Anybody want to take there's back and rewrite?"

Both Derek and Nicole snatched their reviews from Roger's desk, who let out a little chuckle.

"You have until nine o'clock tomorrow," he said, picking up the phone and dialing a number. "Now scoot!"

 * * *

It wasn't until the next morning that Derek remembered the Platinum Blondes feature. He was already running late because of dropping off his brother, and didn't have time to pick up coffee. Now he had a troubling feeling rising in his stomach that he had been scammed by an evil, sexy, article-stealing vixen.

Rushing into Roger's office at 9:07, Derek's heart fell when he saw Nicole was already in the room.

"Nice of you to join us, Mason," Roger said, looking at him from over his thick, black-rimmed glasses.

"Sorry I'm late, sir," he said resignedly.

"Nicole and I were just discussing this excellent article the two of you submitted," Roger said.

The two of us? Derek thought, mystified.

"This is going to be a major focus of the next issue," Roger said. "I should pair you two together more often."

"Thanks, Roger," Derek and Nicole said at the same time. 

As they left the room, before Derek could say anything, Nicole handed him a copy of the finished product. As he skimmed it over, he realized many of his elements were in it, as well as a lot of new, well-written stuff that was apparently Nicole's part.

"Thanks," he said, leaning in to kiss her, but then drawing back when he realized they were no longer alone like the night before.

She laughed and touched his arm gently.

"No problem," she said. "So Friday night--movies or clubbing?"

Derek grinned and leaned closer to Nicole's pretty face.

"Let's discuss it more tonight while we write another story."