 Midnight was her favorite time to shop. She was up, working in the evenings left her mornings for sleep. Home for a few hours, free form the confines of professional dress, she could throw on sweats and a t-shirt and sweep through the aisles. Shopping during the day required a certain level of appearance. But the relative obscurity of her late night stroll allowed her more...freedom.

Many women standing less than 5 ft tall and barely 100 pounds would hide their body. Layering clothes like armor to ward off uncomfortable interest and potential incident. While not flaunting her taut skin and firm features, she quietly took a different approach. She reveled in the freedom she felt constrained by neither bra or panties beneath the loose pants and slightly flowing button up shirt. The curls of her raven black hair fell well short of her tanned shoulders. Even the glasses she proudly wore helped weave the image of sensual confidence, and openness to new experiences.

Tossing her purse into the cart she began her carefree stroll through the produce aisles. Wandering the aisles nothing was really grabbing her. She was here more out of a need to be stimulated in some way than to satisfy any particular hunger. Turning through the bakery toward the butcher she struck something, and struck it hard!

All she could see was a head of dark brown hair, and a large tan skinned hand rubbing vigorously at it. As she gasped and rushed around the cart, he began to rise in front of her. She stopped at the front of the cart and followed his face to its final height. Standing comfortably 6'4, and broad shouldered, his brown eyes squinted against the stars he saw in them.

She stood, lips slightly parted, muscles loosening as she thought to herself 'This is what I come to the grocery store to see!' She quickly regained herself and grabbed his arm asking if he was OK. She would of helped with his head, but she could not reach. Another realization that made her legs tingle ever so slightly.

Regaining his usual facial features he looked down and couldn't help but smile into the warm brown eyes staring up at him. Taking the night manager job seemed questionable at the time. But it did have its perks. Now the least of which were the gorgeous women who appeared, secluded from the masses of daytime, and the rush of tight schedules. And this tiny beauty was the best of the best. He noticed her the first time she swayed through his store and had kept his eyes opened for her frequent returns since.

He hadn't ever stood so close to her before. The depth of her eyes, the smooth skin, even the scent of her, not perfumed, but still intoxicating, convinced him he had to make a move. Her thin fingers gripped his arm, pretending to hold him upright.

The rising bump on his head forgotten, he smiled bigger and said to her, 'Its my break, and I have the key to the Cafe, if you would like to join me?'

Surprised by the sudden invitation, her gaze dropped and she was faced with choosing between her love of coffee, and the rising bulge before her. Seeing her eyes rest on his growing crotch, he took her hand with his, grabbed her purse, and led her through the back of the store.

By the time he locked the door behind them, she had his tie in her hand leading him to the plush couch in the back. No words were said as they smiled wickedly at each other crossing the space. Reaching the couch she moved to sit pulling him with her. Instead he grabbed her beneath her arms and lifted her to stand on the couch. in the same motion he pulled her mouth to his and kissed her soundly. First with his lips, then sucking at her lips and tongue, and ultimately wrapping his tongue around hers.

His hands slid smoothly up her ribs under the loose cloth. Feeling her bra-less tits and pinching her stiffening nipples, his breathing caught with the intensity of the scene. Trailing his fingers around her torso to her spine, and down to her waist it was a pleasant surprise when her pants fell with his thumbs just hooking into them.

She stood before him. Her lips tugging at his lower lip, her hands caressing his chest. Naked except for the loose oxford shirt his hands groped under.

She pulled his tie loose, opening buttons frantically to get closer to him. Her mind registered he was a complete stranger. but more vivid to her was the idea that she wanted him to take her. She wanted to get fucked, and as her fingers wrapped around his stiff prick she decided he felt perfect for the job.

Releasing him for long enough to get his belt and pants loose. Before she could get her hand around him again she felt a surprise. His hands slid down over her ass, and lifted her against him as he turned seated himself on the couch with her in his lap. She rocked her hips slightly and the length of him slid between her lips, soaking in the wetness of her from hole to clit. she began to rock back and forth just slightly. The rim sliding roughly over her stiff, sensitive clit.

Her lips wide as she rolls her face to his shoulder, biting into his neck as he wraps his hands around the tight globes of her ass lifting her. Neither of them touch his cock, yet the head finds the center of her pussy and lodges just into the entrance. He feels the juices drooling over his shaft, looks deep into her eyes, and tenderly, but without hesitation, eases the rim of him past her entrance.

An almost electric shock strikes them both when the rim pops in. Staring wide eyed into each others eyes, she slowly slips down his shaft. Stretching and spreading as he fills her with hot hard cock.

His hands still gripping her ass, her fingers tightly laced behind his head, he tenderly begins to lift her up and down on his shaft. By the third trip down him, her tongue is back against his and she is rolling her hips to get maximum friction. There is no sense of holding back as they drive toward each other frantically. Her nipples dig into his chest as she claws at his shoulders.

He swells inside her and suddenly they both freeze. Buried deep inside her, there is no turning back as she swells around him. Seconds later they both grunt and explode. The first pump hits him so hard he stands lifting her with him and falls forward putting her on her back on the table before them. This allows him the deep hard thrusts she craves to reach another level. She seals her mouth to his chest as she shrieks through her climax. Slowly his frantic pumping slows and becomes more shallow.

After a few minutes he slips from her warm wet sheath and lifts her back to his lap. curling her legs up next to him and gently wrapping his arms around her glistening form, he caresses her back and kisses her forehead as they regain their breath. giggling lightly to each other as they lean in for a final deep kiss before dressing and sneaking back out of the coffee house.

They part quickly, knowing they wont meet again soon, but hoping they will meet again.

She finishes her shopping, barely noticing what makes it into her cart.

As she leaves the store a sacker rushes out to catch her, handing her a sealed envelope and thanking her for visiting the store.

Inside is a CD, and a short note scribbled on a card.

"I pulled this from the security camera, thought you might like to know where it was. Tonight was spectacular, I would love to discuss it sometime? Perhaps over coffee?"

She looked back toward the brightly lit storefront, smiling softly.

Discuss it they would...