 You sitting on the bed, watching TV with nothing on but a pair of pants, I walk in wearing one of your t-shirts and come and sit next to you, putting my head on your chest and cuddling into you, I slowly drift in and out of sleep as you watch TV, forming against your body as I cuddle with you. As I slowly wake up again, you kiss the top of my head lovingly as I tuck my head underneath your chin. I look up at you and kiss you deeply, my body pushing against yours making you hard. You slip your hand underneath my shirt and rub my nipples and a slight moan escapes my lips, bringing a small smile to your face. You pick me up and put on my back as you crawl down and start kissing your way back up to me, starting at my legs and slowly working your way up.

You stop at my hips and lightly run your tongue on my clit, making me moan again. You give me another small evil smile and dig back in, your tongue exploring me. I put my head back and close my eyes, enjoying your tongue carving me out. My hands grip the bedspread as you stick your tongue in deeper and deeper, making moans escape from my lips. My body rises slightly you grip my hips, crushing your tongue into me, making me moan louder and louder.

Finally you stop and climb on top of me, my breathing hot and heavy. You slowly kiss my back as you suddenly thrust three fingers into my pussy, making me gasp as I grip your shoulder. You revel in my gasping and shove your fingers harder and faster into my pussy, my moaning sounding in your ear as you nibble and suck on my neck and ear.

You start to slow down on fingering me, going slowly and start using your whole hand , rubbing my clit, and occasionally going into my pussy, my breathing is still hot and heavy, sweat slightly running down my forehead you pick me up and pull my shirt over my head, my breast exposed, my nipples rock hard. You stare at me for a minute, memorizing the curves of my body, eating up the site of me before advancing on me, you lean down and while looking up at me, suck on my breast while one of your hands plays with the other hard nipple on my other breast. My body pushes against you, up and down wanting more than just your kisses.

You rub my breasts as you look down at them, studying them with a hungry stare. You ease me off and slowly drop your pants, taking them completely off. You look at me see the hunger in my eyes but your not ready to give it to me completely yet. You ease yourself on top of me and rub against me, not yet entering me. I moan a little, begging you to fuck me, fuck your little whore. I wrap my arms around your neck, my body pushing against you, my breast hard against your chest, my pussy wet.

You bite my neck hard, distracting me for a moment as you shove into me, making me almost scream, my body rises as I gasp for breath, liking the response, you chuckle in my ear as your hands grasp and squeeze my ass. You push into me all the way and move around, grinding me into the bed, my breath heavy in your ear. You bite my neck, my eyes closing as you fill me up slowly. You slowly pull out of me and shove into me again, harder this time, making my body rise and fall again as I bite my lip, my hands gripping my hair, moans escaping my lips. You don't stop though as you thrust into me again, and again, harder and harder making my moans turn into screams of pleasure. You thrust into me so hard my body rises all the way up and I look at you as I gasp for breath, a hunger in your eyes., you explode into me, making me gasp all the more, making me gush on your cock, you pull out and just in time to see the cum slide down my legs and your cock. You lick some off of your fingers, staring at me hungrily. I slowly get up and start cleaning you up, my tongue slowly rolling over your balls, making you hard all over again. You put your head back as a sigh escapes your lips, my tongue making you shudder, I look up at you as with an evil smile, as I lean over I start to deep throat you, shoving your cock into the back of my throat, sucking the cum off you, as my tongue wraps completely around your cock, you let off into my mouth with a shudder. I pull back and swallow and lick the cum off my fingers and chin before it runs down.

You watch me out of the corner of your eyes, your breathing as heavy and fast as mine. Your sitting with your legs stretched out, your hands propped up and I slowly crawl toward you and mount you, you push me into you deeper and deeper making me moan as you go farther than ever. I slowly start to ride you back and forth breathing faster and hotter and you start to moan with me. You drop me back down to the bed, letting me take control as I move faster and faster against you, my breast in your face, you grasp one and suck on it making me go even crazier, a wild moan escaping from my lips, Finally unable to take it anymore, you pick me up and drop me onto the floor, wide open and you shove into me making me scream your name.

Our bodies move fast and hard shoving into each other as we moan into each other ears, my nails scratching your back begging you not to stop, you pull out just before you explode, cumming on my breasts, I massage it all over my breast, licking it off my fingers, before you lean over rubbing the cum into me.

You pick me up and slowly lower me onto your cock as you fall to your knees. You rise in me filling me up, making me go insane with pleasure, wanting more. I throw my head back moaning, as you watch my face, my moans and looks makes you harder and you thrust into me again and again. Finally you explode in me, gushing out of me, sliding down my legs we fall on the floor in each others arms, exhausted. Our breathing is fast and hard and look over at you and we kiss as we lie there too tired to move. You pick me up and put me on the bed under the covers before climbing in with me. You hold me in your arms and kiss my forehead as I fall back asleep, safe in your arms. You drift off to sleep as well, naked and safe with me.....