 It was a rainy Saturday night, and I had gone out to a club to meet a friend from Facebook and to see a highly recommended band. As I was catching up with my friend, I caught a glimpse of a head of gorgeous auburn hair that fell just to a shoulder. My friend excused himself and wandered off, vacating the bar stool just as the auburn haired woman arrived. 

With a quick, inquisitive glance at me, she took the now open bar stool and mouthed "thanks" to me. I had a moment to see a pair of eyes of dancing green and a warm smile. Of invitation? 

I leaned over and asked her what she was drinking – Newcastle was the answer. I caught the bartender and ordered her one, feeling her presence as she leaned over and moved her stool toward me a little. 

She smiled her thanks, and leaned in closer, smiled, and asked "So how shall I earn my beer?" I could see her lips part slightly and her eyes on fire from within, and I could feel her hand on my arm. The room receded, leaving just the two of us in our own little dome. 

I leaned into her, letting my hand rest on her leg, and just whispered into her ear, letting my lips graze her ear, "you'll see . . . " I moved my other hand up to her cheek, and turned her head to me as my lips closed on hers. Our tongues met and danced, intertwining and exploring. I let my hand slide down her cheek, down her neck, and across her breast, feeling her sharp intake of breath as I grazed her nipple. I felt her legs move, enclosing mine, as I pulled her closer. Our lips separated, and I put some money on the bar.

She took my hand and said to follow her, which I did as my eyes drank in her whole body – nicely sized breasts without being huge, a great hourglass figure with a just-right size ass, and hips that just cried out to be grabbed ahold of. Just before the restrooms, she pushed aside a curtain revealing a staircase going up. I let my hands wander over her ass as she led the way up, to what was apparently an old, unused office. I turned her around, my eyes on fire, and grabbed her by the back of the neck, pulling her in to me, kissing her hard as my other hand wandered, exploring her body—her rock hard nipples, down her side, reaching around to her ass and squeezing, pulling her closer in, feeling my cock, rock hard, straining to be released. I felt her fingers at my zipper, undoing, and she reached in and rubbed my cock. I took her hair and started to push, but she was ahead of me. Down on her knees, releasing my aching, straining cock, reaching out to it with her tongue, tasting, exploring, and then suddenly swallowing my whole cock in her mouth. I pulled her head in and out, lost in ecstasy as she sucked and tongued and fucked my cock with her mouth. 

I finally pulled her head up and turned her around, my cock glistening with her saliva. I pulled her panties down and she stepped out of them as I put the tip of my cock right on her clit, feeling her juices flowing over my cock already. I didn't say a thing, just suddenly rammed my cock into her dripping pussy as hard as I could. God, it was incredible – hot, very tight, and just drenching my cock. 

She gasped and moaned as I reached around and under her blouse, pushing her undone bra out of the way and grabbing her hard nipple, squeezing harder and harder as she panted "yes, harder, oh god fuck me harder . . . squeeze harder . . . " I could feel her pussy contracting hard on my cock as she came for the first time, breathing in heavily as her juices gushed all over my cock and down her legs. 

I slowed my rhythmic pumping in and out of her pussy, and gently caressed her nipples, feeling her legs shaking. I turned her around and pushed her down on the old, unused desk, spreading her legs to give my cock a direct shot in. Her gorgeous clit and pussy beckoned to my cock, and her eyes were sparkling and still glazed from orgasm. She reached for my cock as I mounted her, and this time slowly slid my cock inside her, building up speed and feeling her gasp each time I bottomed out inside her. 

She started to drench my cock again, and she reached up to pull me down to her lips . . . she kissed me once, hard, and then moved her mouth to my ear and whispered "I want to feel you cum deep inside me—give it to me babe, now—I want to be your cum slut, and for everyone downstairs to know you just fucked me and made me yours . . . " I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock, begging me to fill her with my seed. I felt my orgasm building, and let it come—feeling hers build also, and I heard her moan softly as the tip of my cock mushroomed out and with a quick, violent pump I exploded into her incredible pussy, pumping shot after shot of hot cum deep inside her, feeling her pussy reacting, contracting, squeezing, trying to get every last drop . . . 

I think we both screamed out at that moment, and I could feel both our bodies quivering with aftershocks. I lowered my mouth to her nipple and sucked it, gently at first and then harder, feeling her get harder and squeezing my cock even harder. 

I moved up, kissing her neck, then her ear, and then her mouth . . . and then whispered in her ear, "Think you've earned another beer yet?" 

She whispered back dreamily, "god, I hope not yet . . ."