 I was at a job fair in a hotel, looking for a place to intern for the summer. I interviewed with a few of the larger corporations, then as I scanned the ballroom looking for other potential employers, he caught my eye. He was talking to another student, and even from the other side of the room he radiated a strong, powerful aura. He was wearing a blue, crisp dress shirt and a silver tie with the sleeves rolled up, accentuating his lean body and toned muscles. He was tall, at least 6'2", and his dark blonde hair perfectly accented his tan and well defined face. As he finished with the last student and looked up and caught my eye, I felt a hot flash of weakness surging up through my knees. "Hi, My name is Kevin," he said, and flashed a dashing smile that sent chills up my spine. I introduced myself, and managed to hide my nervousness with faked confidence. People say that I am very attractive, 5'7", 120 lbs, C cup, with dark brown hair, and usually I'm not nervous meeting guys, but something about Kevin made me extremely attracted to him. Even though he looked like he was in his mid-twenties, perhaps early thirties, he was already a manager at his mid-sized supplier corporation. We ended up getting along very well, and I walked away thinking that although we had good chemistry, I would probably never see him again. Imagine my surprise when I checked my voicemail the next day and heard his message telling me that he wanted to offer me a position at his company. I postponed returning his message for a few days and received offers from more prestigious and larger companies, but somehow all I could think of was Kevin. 

I accepted the job, and a few months later had no regrets about interning with a smaller company. I got along magnificently with the full-time employees and gained tremendous experience. With Kevin though, a certain electric tension, small at first, was slowly mounting. At meetings I would catch him staring at me from across the room, only to look away quickly when I caught his eye. One night our group had to stay particularly late to finish a project for a corporation that had moved up its deadline. One by one the other group members left, until it was just Kevin and I, who had to finish the final analysis report. I called him over to my computer to check the program I was working on, and as he stood and leaned over me to see the screen, I could feel his body heat from his nearness and slowly inhaled the warm musk of his cologne. His hand brushed mine on the mouse while I was still in this stupor, and I slightly jerked it away, surprised. I tensed, praying he hadn't noticed, but I felt his breathing quicken behind me and he coughed. After a while of strained silence he pointed out where my mistake was, and he pulled up a chair next to me to help me correct it. While he leaned over to point things out on the screen my legs would brush against his, and I wonder if he was aroused the same way I was from my bare skin below my business skirt rubbing against the cotton of his pants. 

Eventually I grew so heated and agitated that I excused myself, saying I had to go to the bathroom, and went to the lounge adjacent to the conference room for some coffee. I was so angry in admonishing myself for losing control that I slammed down my cup, inadvertently spilling hot coffee all over my white blouse. By now I was thoroughly irate, and praying that Kevin wouldn't hear my curses from next door, tried to wipe off the stains with a wad of towels. When that didn't work, I untucked my blouse from my skirt and unbuttoning the top, proceeded to try to rinse the select splotches of brown. I prayed that I could make it to my cubicle safety and get my suit jacket before he noticed, but when I looked up from the sink, I saw him leaning against the doorway, staring at me. 

My breath quickened when I saw the hungry, desired filled stare in his eyes, and without a word he strode over and roughly pressed me up against the wall. When his lips found mine I was surprised at the intensity that I kissed him back, pressing back at him with the same force that he pushed himself on me. His tongue swirled deep in my mouth, furiously seeking, and his hands quickly unbuttoned the rest of my soaking blouse and he ran his fingers up my bare skin and cupped my right breast, squeezing it slightly. 

He broke his kiss with a moan and buried his head in my hair and whispered, "Do you want me too?" 

By now I felt so weak that I could barely stand, he was keeping me upright by pressing me to the wall, and I could only moan softly as his other hand went around and squeezed my ass.

He took that to be an affirmative and pressed his now straining hard-on into my pelvic area, whispering, "God, I wanted to do this from the first time I saw you." 

Kevin then proceeded to lick my neck sensuously, biting and sucking until he worked his way up to my jaw and then down again until he was at my bra. He unfastened it, letting the sides hang loose, and he fondled them, and with one flick of his tongue against my hard nipple, sucked hard and fast while his other hand furiously massaged and squeezed. I gasped from the overwhelming sensations until I couldn't take it anymore, so I pushed his head away and fell to my knees, unzipping him and hungrily bringing out his cock. I inhaled sharply as I saw how big it was, it was at least 8 inches and my fingers barely touched as I wrapped them around its width. 

He laughed, teasing, "Is my poor little intern phased at this new job from her boss?" 

He slowly guided his head into my mouth, allowing me time to accommodate for his enormous girth, and slowly began to work it in and out. I gagged every time his cock pushed into my throat, but hearing his moans of pleasure kept me going until he finally pulled out and pulling me up on my feet, turned me around so that I was leaning against the lounge counter. 

"Undo your skirt," he ordered, and I let it fall to the floor around my ankles, leaving only my pantyhose and my thong that was visible underneath. He paused admiring the view, and slowly rolled down my pantyhose, rubbing his hands up my smooth thighs. 

I gasped as he thrust his finger into my pussy, and he leaned over me, flicking his tongue in my ear and whispered, "You don't know how many hours I've spent fantasizing about what this would look like."

In this position I could feel his cock burning against my thigh, and I pressed backwards, hoping that it would go where I desperately needed it to go. Kevin laughed at this, and guided his cock so that it was positioned directly at the rim of my pussy hole. 

"Do you want this?" he asked harshly. 

"Yes…" I moaned and tried to thrust backwards. 

"Say it louder… Beg me for it," he said louder. 

"God, Kevin, please fuck me," I whimpered and with a grunt he rammed his length into my pussy, his hands grabbing my ass in an effort to stretch it wider to accommodate him. It went in a little less than halfway, so he pulled back and rammed it again and again until he was at his hilt and I could feel his balls against my cunt lips. The feeling was incredible. I was filled in a way that I had never had been before.

"God, you're so tight," he groaned and reached forward with both his hands to grab my breasts. 

Kevin started pumping slowly, then faster and faster until my hips were bumping hard against the counter with every thrust and I thought I would explode from the pleasure. After a few minutes he suddenly pulled out, and as I looked back, puzzled, he picked me up and flipped me over so that I was now lying on the counter facing him. 

"I want to feel your tight body against mine," he said and quickly ripped open his shirt buttons and spreading my legs, starting to fuck me again. 

He held my legs out as he pumped into me, then placed them around his waist and leaned on top of me and starting kissing me brutally. The feeling of his hot bare skin against mine and my hard nipples rubbing up against him was too much to bear, so I wrapped my legs around him as I felt myself climbing towards an orgasm. He felt it and slowed, raising himself off me with a grin. 

"Please," I begged. 

"Please, what?" he teased, pumping slowly, then thrusting hard, then slowing down just before I was about to climax. 

It was torture and I struggled under his weight to press myself more against him, raking my fingernails across his back in an effort to get him deeper inside of me. 

"I need this," I pleaded. 

"Then come and get it," he replied, and pulling out of me, went back into the conference room. 

I lay there on the counter, panting and stunned, until I followed him into the room and saw him leaning against the long meeting table. I grinned, seeing his intention, and quickly made my way over and pushed him onto the table. He slid up until his entire body was on, and I crawled towards him, admiring his tanned chest and his six-pack. The sight of his huge cock sticking up so magnificently as he lay down was too much for me to bear, so I quickly straddled him and began riding his cock, watching my tits bounce up and down in the long paneled glass that was cut into the walls around the room. I fucked him hard, feeling my impending orgasm rushing back up again, and screamed in pure pleasure as he fucked me back equally as hard, slapping my ass. He rammed my hips down hard on his cock, groaning as he let loose his load into me just as I arched back my head towards the ceiling, my body exploding from a blinding orgasm. He held me as I collapsed on top of him, exhausted, and we both lay there panting hard with him still in me. 

"God, that was the best fuck of my life," I groaned, and started to roll off him, but he followed until I was on my back and he was on top of me again. I was shocked as he grinned and I felt his cock, still inside of me, grow hard again and he raised my legs until they were on his shoulders. 

"Please, no," I pleaded, looking towards the door. 

"Not that I don't want to, but it's getting late and the night janitor is going to be coming in any minute now." 

"True," he replied with a smile, slowly kissing my neck and chest. 

"Go get your clothes and we'll go to my apartment." 

He slapped my ass playfully as I climbed off the table and headed off to the lounge to collect my blouse and skirt. 

"Be quick. I'm going to give you a performance report for the overtime you worked today."