 I undress myself just as quickly as I possibly can, as I walk over to your waiting arms. I knew I was late, but apparently you weren't too upset, by the look of you. I was so surprised to walk in the door and find you already naked, waiting for me.

When I finally make it over to you, having only my thigh high stockings left on, I stand on my toes to kiss you deeply. Your hands like hungry wolves, devouring every last inch of my flesh, deepening your kiss. My own hands enjoying the feel of your skin beneath them, my nails gently raking across your back. My mind begins to spin, visions of the last time we made love, making my heart and body react with a feverish wanting. I kiss your neck and nibble on your ear lobe, the smell of your cologne drifting into my senses, driving me mad. 

"Glenn, my love, I'm sorry I was late," I whisper into your ear. I'm answered by your deep growl as you forcefully massage my body with your strong hands, kneading my ass and breasts as if it were the first time you'd ever touched a set of them. My heart swells as I realize your want for me. Your hand sweeps up my back and into my hair, pulling at my pins. My long tresses fall, freed from their prison, the ends brushing against your hand and my bottom.

My heart is pounding so hard in my chest. I want to be one with you, I want to be one with you in this moment forever. Can we freeze time? Can we fool Father Time into letting us have this for an eternity? Just when I think it couldn't get any better than this, you bring me back to reality. Your warm breath on my neck, whispering the things you want to do to me. With each syllable out of your mouth my small body climbs your tall frame. My arms closed tightly around your neck, my legs wrapped around your waist.

With a fire in your eyes that I've never seen before in any man, you spin the both of us around so my back is against the smooth wall. I feel your hardness wedged between your abdomen and my aching sex. That's when I notice that my hips have been moving to their own accord, rubbing me against your shaft.

With your upper body pinning mine against the wall, you pull your head back to look into my eyes as you ram your swollen cock deep into me in one quick move. As you begin to pump in and out of me you suck on first my bottom lip then the upper. Loving the feel of your hardness, I tell you so and you thrust harder, your pelvis slamming into my willing hole. 

I feel my lips swelling from your forceful kisses. My tongue seeks out yours and I feel the beginning of an orgasm. My walls start to contract around you. You tell me to scream, you want to hear how good it feels to me. My lungs burst, surprising even me as I let out the first of a series of pleasure induced screams. I lean my head back against the wall and feel my breasts bouncing with your pounding force. Suddenly, your cock squirts a piercing stream deep within my canal, hitting my cervix. The feeling is exquisite... my fading orgasm renewing, my control on reality fleeting. Your cum pours into me for what seemed like hours, having an effect on me that can only be described in sounds, and I sing my approval.

Thrust... your final gift deposited deeply. Thrust... my body draws you in with one last, contracting squeeze. Thrust... and we are still. Your soft lips, kissing my cheeks, my nose, my eyelids, my forehead. 

Then you whisper, as you lower me back to the ground, "Please don't be late again. Next time I might not be able to control myself!"