 Every person in this story is over the age of eighteen. This is the first ghost story I have ever written. It is total fiction, so don't expect all the facts to fit neatly into place. My grandmother was a true believer in ghost and had many family ghost stories that were passed down to her from her mother and grandmother. The south is full of ghost stories from the Civil War era. A lot of souls were trapped on this earth during that vicious war and some still wander in search of their resting place. This story is not one of my grandmother's stories. However, it was inspired by one she told me when I was just a teenager.

*****

Christina Townsend was impregnated one stormy night when a mysterious late-night visitor came to her home. The next day she learned that her visitor may have frozen to death in a sealed railroad car, three or four days prior to his late-night visit. Was Christina's visitor real or imaginary?

Christina Parker married Greg Townsend just after graduating from high school. She was eighteen at the time, and Greg was twenty-five. Greg never advanced past the tenth grade, so he was forever locked into a dead-end job as a laborer. They lived in a run-down shack near the railroad yards. That was all they could afford on his laborer's salary with the B & O railroad. Greg spent his days, and sometimes evenings, loading and unloading boxcars. He was typically exhausted most nights when he got home. His usual evening routine consisted of eating dinner, plopping down in front of the TV and consuming one beer after another until bedtime or until he passed out; whichever came first. That soon took a terrible toll on their sex life.

Christina desperately wanted a baby, and Greg wanted a son, but in the eight years they had been married they'd had no luck in producing a child. Christina's doctor suggested invitro fertilization, but it was too expensive, and Greg balked at the idea because people would think he wasn't man enough to get his own wife pregnant. It was a constant source of unhappiness for them both. Christina prayed every night that she would be able to get pregnant. She fell into depression, and Greg began to drink himself into unconsciousness every night.

After a few years Greg began to show no real interest in sex anymore; at least not when she needed him most. Occasionally he would drink past his limit then climb on top of Christina, stick his cock into her vagina and quickly deposit his seed before rolling off and going to sleep. There was never any foreplay anymore. He didn't even bother to kiss her most of the time, nor do anything else that would lead to an orgasm for her. It had just become mechanical with him; shoot his wad and fall asleep. She needed more than that to satisfy her needs. She needed someone to make her feel like a woman again. She was long past the hopes of actually getting pregnant, but she would still like to have a real orgasm every once in a while. She wanted an orgasm that was the results of a hard cock rather than her fingers or the vibrator her husband didn't know about. 

There was a storm raging outside when Christina was shaken from a deep sleep by a loud clap of thunder. She thought she'd heard someone call her name from outside. She looked over at Greg, and he was sound asleep. If not Greg, who had called her name? Could she have dreamed it? The flashes of lightning and the heavy rainfall made it hopeless to get back to sleep. In addition to the storm, there was an eagerness between her legs that needed desperately to be rubbed, but Greg was in no condition to provide her with needed relief. She vigorously rubbed her vagina through her panties, but that didn't bring the fulfillment she needed. Christina needed a hard cock, but that was out of the question. The only cock available was useless at that moment.

She laid in bed for approximately fifteen more minutes before going to the kitchen for a cup of hot tea. The constant flashes of lightning lit the house enough she didn't need to turn on any of the lights. It also cast an eerie glow over the rooms, but the darkness did offer some comfort. She sat at the kitchen table drinking her tea while lamenting the desperate urgency between her thighs, an emptiness begging to be filled. She truly missed the intimacy that had been lost between her and Greg. She stood up from the kitchen table and nervously paced the small room in her flimsy nightgown. The nightgown was the same one she had bought eight years ago for her honeymoon and was only brought out for special occasions like tonight. Tonight had been special because she was in her period of ovulation and had the best chance of becoming pregnant. She had worn that nightgown tonight hoping to entice Greg into making love to her. She had practically begged him to fuck her, but he said he was too tired and just rolled over and passed out. Christina would have been satisfied if he had at least dumped his seed in her before going to sleep. Now he laid snoring in their bedroom like a Buzzsaw. He was probably more drunk than tired.

Christina gazed out the kitchen window at the heavy rain. There was a brilliant flash of lightning, and she thought she had seen a man standing in the roadway in front of her house. A moment later the lightning flashed again, and there was no one there. For some odd reason, she felt somewhat cheated and disappointed. She nervously laughed to herself and figured it was her imagination until the flash occurred again and she was startled to see that same man standing in her yard. He appeared to be staring at her house and was wearing a green hip length army field jacket and blue jeans. When the lightning flashed again the man was gone yet again. Christina's heart was racing ninety miles an hour. Now she wasn't sure if it was her imagination playing tricks with her mind or if she had really seen someone in her yard. When she looked back into the yard, the man was nowhere in sight.

Christina considers for a moment if she should wake her husband and have him check the yard for an intruder, but after a second thought, she changed her mind. "It's only a fantasy," She told herself, "No one would be out wandering in a storm this fierce. The lightning and shadows were playing havoc with her mind, she convinced herself." She felt silly for being frightened by what may have been only a shadow created by the flashing bolts of lightning.

One of Christina's most recent fantasies while masturbating had been to imagine someone breaking in and forcing her into wild, uninhibited sex. That fantasy always made her cum harder than usual. Christina decided she really needed to cum just to relieve the tension building in her loins. She told herself, "That's what sparked her imagination of a man prowling her yard." She knew exactly how to take care of that imagined prowler. She returned to her bedroom and got her vibrator while making sure her husband was still asleep. She found her vibrator in the back of the closet where she hid it from Greg. He would pitch a fit if he knew she played with herself. He was still deep in slumber so, she returned to the kitchen and laid the vibrator on the table. She sipped her hot tea and stared out the window of the kitchen door into the driving rain. The lightning flashed again. The man was just outside the kitchen door looking in at her. She laughed to herself and dismissed it as an apparition that existed only in her imagination. There was no doubt in her mind he was only in her sexually frustrated imagination and was not really standing on the other side of the door.

However, the excitement of someone watching her masturbate, real or imaginary, caused moisture gathered in the pulsating slit between her legs. Christina's nipples felt like they were going to burst as they brushed against the fabric of her nightgown. She slid a hand under the short hem of her gown to touch herself. She knew it was crazy, but she was going to masturbate while pretending to look at this imaginary man who wasn't really there. She took the vibrator and moved it over her clit through the thin layer of her silk panties. She felt a warm wave of electricity run through her body as her orgasm approached. The lightning flashed, and she made eye contact with the imaginary man. That's all it took to launch her orgasm. It hit with the force of a tsunami. It was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever experienced. She closed her eye and let it wash over her. It was good, but she still needed more. 

She heard a movement and opened her eyes just as another flash of lightning lit up the kitchen. The man standing a foot away and he had a warm smile on his face. Kindness radiated from his face. She tried to speak, but nothing came out of her mouth. Her heart was pounding so hard it caused her whole body to shake. This fantasy had become too real just to be her imagination. The room was lit up again with another flash of lightning, and she could see that the imaginary man was wearing an army jacket with three gold chevrons indicating the rank of sergeant. There was an Airborne patch on one shoulder.

Every nerve ending in Christina's body came alive, and she didn't know if she should scream for help or run. She couldn't move. She closed her eyes again and exhaled a long sigh of relief and laughed. She quietly admonished herself for acting so foolish. The man was apparently a figment of her imagination. It could never really happen. The kitchen door had been locked, and there was no way a man could just appear out of thin air. The emptiness in her loins had caused her imagination to run wild. Her fantasies of being taken by a stranger were driving this imaginary occurrence, she thought. One more Lightning flashed, and she got a brief glimpse of his rugged face and shuddered. She couldn't understand why this apparent hallucination didn't go away as it had several times in the past few minutes. 

Christina closed her eyes again and told herself it was just her imagination and just to stay calm. She kept her eyes tightly shut and rubbed her swollen clit. It felt good. That much was real for sure. She thought that she was being silly and pulled her hand out from between her legs. This all had to be a stupid dream. There was no other logical explanation. The lightning flashed again, and she opened her eyes to find the man was still standing there. He was a big man; tall with broad shoulders and a three-day-old beard. She knew she should scream, but didn't. For some strange reason, she felt drawn to this man. Her heart was racing, but the fear she first had was gone. She finally got the nerve to reach out and touch his face. Her hand recoiled like she had felt a hot stove. The man was real.

"Who are you and why are you in my house?" She whimpered.

"My name is Michael and I came because you needed me; because you prayed for me to come," he answered in a soft voice.

An unexplained excitement raced through her body, and her swollen nipples burned with desire. She no longer cared about how dangerous this man might have been. She had no knowledge of what he could mean by she needed him. All she could think of now was how badly she wanted him to take her, to fill her, to fuck her until she begged him to stop.

Rain dripped from his jacket onto the floor, and all she could think to say was, "You are soaking wet in those clothes. You need to go into the other room and warm yourself by the fireplace. I will get a blanket from the closet.

She took his hand and led him to the fireplace then disappeared down the hall to the linen closet. Christina returned with a thick wool blanket, and Michael stripped to his boxers and wrapped himself in the blanket. He sat on the leather couch in front of the warm fireplace while Christina spread his wet clothes in front of the fire to dry. Something shiny dropped out of one of his pockets and made a loud clunk when it hit the floor. She picked it up and examined it. She turned to Michael for an explanation. He told her it was a Silver Star awarded to him for bravery in battle. All he would say to her was he had received the medal while serving in Vietnam. The military gave it to him for saving a bunch of his men. He was prouder that his men had been saved than he was about receiving the medal.

She brought him a steaming hot cup of tea to sip while he warmed himself in front of the fire. Christina examined the medal closer and then stuffed it in the pocket of his pants. She stood awkwardly in front of him not knowing what to say. The room was filled with the sound of crackling logs on the fire. Christina finally broke the silence when she sat down on the couch next to him and asked, "Why were you out in this terrible storm tonight?" 

Michael smiled at her and said, "As I told you before, I came because you needed me."

Christina's heart pounded in her chest with a mixture of fear and excitement. He could see the fear race across her face and reached out to stroke her face. His fingers brushed across her cheek and then traced her lips. Despite just coming in from the cold rain, his touch seared into her flesh.

"What the hell do you mean, you came because I needed you? You don't even know who I am," She whispered softly.

Her breathing was heavy. Her breasts were heaving from the excitement she felt. Michael's fingers retraced along the lines of her lips. She was sure he was going to kiss her. Even in the shadows of the fireplace, she could sense his eyes boring into her and telling her of his erotic intent. His soft hand moved slowly down to her neck and then to the deep-cut of her gown. His fingers skim the valley between her breasts. Her nipples swell and tingle.

Christina was trembling; not with fear of this man, but with an urgent need. Every nerve ending in her body was screaming for his touch. His hand moved inside the top of her gown and cupped her breast as if weighing its fullness. His thumb brushed over the hardened nipple protruding out from the tip of her breast. She moaned softly. Christina knew she should protest, but she didn't. Her husband was sleeping in the next room and could walk in at any moment, but she didn't care. Michael was fulfilling every fantasy she'd had in the last few years. She was begging with her eyes for him to take her.

Using both hands, Michael slowly pulled the nightgown up her body. She willingly raised her arms over her head and let him remove it. Lightning flashed through the window exposing her naked body to his gaze. He stared into her eyes and gently pushed a hand between her trembling thighs. His fingers slid across the moist silkiness of her panties. An audible gasp escaped her throat. She knew she should tell him to stop, but her eyes begged him to continue. She spread her thighs a bit to indicate he was welcome to proceed.

Michael hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her panties, and she lifted her hips to aid in his removal of her soaking wet panties. He slid his index finger into her saturated hole unfolding her exposed vagina. She voluntarily spread her thighs wide and tilted her hips forward to encourage him. He pushed a second finger inside her. Her mind was unable to form complete thoughts. She was only aware of the rhythm of his fingers stroking her, filling her, plunging into the depths of her yearning. The other hand squeezed the soft tissue of her breast and tortured her hot nipple.

His thumb found the tiny knob at the top of her opening. It was already swollen with excitement. She tried to contain the pleasure coursing through her body, but it was impossible. She squirmed against his hand. Her breathing became erratic. A series of spasms gripped her insides as she let out a loud squeal. Her body quivered from the instant release of her orgasm. She placed a hand over her mouth to stifle her moans. She did not want Greg rushing in and stopping this magnificent assault on her vagina.

His fingers continued to move inside her. She grabbed his arm for support. Another series of spasms sent her spinning into a storm of orgasmic bliss. Her legs trembled as she shuddered uncontrollably. The pleasure was too much. In the act of desperation, she squeezed her thighs together and pushed his hand away. He threw his arms around her and held onto her to keep her from darting entirely away.

Michael guided her into a prone position on the couch. She was still trembling and shaking with excitement. He quickly shrugged off his boxer shorts and tossed them across the room. He positioned himself directly between her thighs. She looked up and tried to make out his features in the glow of the fireplace. There were shadows across his face, and she couldn't make out his expressions.

A bolt of lightning illuminated the room and Michael had a loving smile on his face. Her eyes traveled down his body. Another flash revealed the outline of his firm cock bulging out from between of his muscular thighs. Her body trembled at the sight of his pulsating appendage paused to enter her waiting love tunnel. She slowly raised her hand and traced her fingertips along the length of his shaft.

Using both hands she tugged on his cock, guiding toward her yearning wetness. Another flash from the storm illuminated his erect organ dripping with pre-cum. She took her fingertip and smeared the pre-cum before licking her finger clean. His hard penis came to life at the sight of her sampling his pre-cum. A series of lightning strikes hit close enough to shake the house. She was amazed it didn't wake up Greg.

Christina urged Michael onto his back and then got on her hands and knees between his thighs. She leaned forward and swirled her tongue over the tight skin of his crown tracing it along the ridge leading to his frenulum. Slowly Christina explored every inch of his hard flesh with her lips and tongue, kissing down the length of his cock to his balls. She took each one into her mouth before moving back up and sliding her lips over his swollen helmet.

It had been much too long since she had pleasured a man this way. She realized how much she had missed the feel of a hard cock sliding through her lips and throbbing against the back of her throat. She took him deep into her mouth savoring the salty flavor of his juices. Michael's cock felt so alive and full of sexual energy in her mouth that her nipples were bursting with excitement. Her pussy seeped with desire.

The latent skills for pleasuring a man's cock with her mouth quickly returned. She moved her lips skillfully up and down massaging the ridges and veins of his swollen cock with her incredible tongue. She wrapped her fingers around his cock and stroked him in perfect synchronization with her lips. He put his hand on her head and pumped in and out of her mouth to match her movements.

Christina's breathing increased, the tingling between her legs could no longer be ignored, and she slid a finger along her open folds until she found the swollen knob pushing out from its little hood. A soft moan was muffled by the massive cock stuffed deep in her mouth. She moved her lips up and down his length faster and faster. As his cock penetrated her throat, her moans became louder and more desperate. The sensation between her thighs continued to build. Without warning, it released with a burst. The surprise caused her to let him fall from her mouth. As her pussy clenched in a series of spasms, spit drooled from her lips and dribbled down her chin. She gasped and coughed while squeezing her trembling thighs together to contain the explosion. She caught her breath and took him back between her lips. She wanted to consume his hard flesh and suck the juices from his body. She wanted to feel his cum fill her mouth and savor the taste of his nectar.

Her lips moved faster and faster as she pumped him vigorously with her hand. Her tongue swirled around the smooth skin of his bulging crown, and her fingers gently massaged his balls. She could feel his balls tighten as his cock swelled between her wet lips. Michael's fingers gripped the hair on Christina's head as he thrust into her mouth and grunted. His creamy seed exploded across her tongue and splashed against the back of her throat. 
