 "Please don't worry about me, I'll be fine" Alex said into the phone.

"Hey, I'm your big brother. It's my job to worry. I hate thinking about you all alone at your place with all the shit that's being going on in your neighborhood. Are you sure you don't want to crash at my place? I'll be out of town until Monday and I'm sure John wouldn't mind having you there. Plus he rarely makes it home on the weekends." Chris suggested in a hopeful voice. 

Alex sighed. Her big brother had always been over protective of her. She wouldn't have dreamed about telling him of the string of recent robberies that had taken place in her neighborhood but he had seen a short piece about it on the news and called her.  

"It's fine really. I don't want to impose on you or John." 

"You're being ridiculous. It would really give me some piece of mind." Chris pleaded.

"Fine! You win. It's not worth arguing over."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you. The spare bedroom has fresh sheets, and help yourself to whatever is in the fridge."

20 minutes later Alex was in her car driving over to Chris's place. A small part of her was relieved that he had suggested this. Truth be told she'd been having problems falling asleep the past couple nights. Every little noise made her jump with fright thinking it was someone trying a doorknob or sliding open a window. 

Alex lucked out and found a spot to park on the street not far from Chris's house. She grabbed her small overnight bag out of the passenger seat and hurried up the driveway. All the lights inside were off confirming Chris's assurances that John most likely wasn't home. 

She made her way inside, flicking on some lights as she passed through the hall and into the living room. 

"Anybody home?" she called out tentatively. It was only 9 but she didn't want to wake John up if he was already in bed. 

She dropped her bag off in the spare bedroom then went back to the living room. It was too early for bed so she turned the TV on and began flipping through the channels. She stopped at a movie channel playing Casablanca. It was one of her favorites and she curled up contentedly on the couch. 

She absolutely loved old movies and musicals. People would often joke that she had been born in the wrong era. She loved the big band swing music of the 1940s and had an astounding collection of black and white films. She even looked the part. Her body, while slightly heavier than the current fashion, was reminiscent of the pin-up girls so popular during WW II and she styled her long brown hair and dressed in a way that screamed old Hollywood. 

Alex sighed as the movie ended. She grabbed her toiletry bag out of the guest bedroom and headed to the bathroom to get ready for bed. 15 minutes later she was crawling under the covers. She fell asleep almost instantly, the previous week of restless nights taking it's toll. 

**

The smell of fresh coffee and the sound of the shower running pulled John out of his sleep. He groaned when he looked at the clock on his bedside table. Jesus, it was only 7:30 what the fuck was Chris doing awake at this time? 

He'd gone out with a bunch of buddies from work yesterday and as usual had way too much to drink before stumbling home. Normally he would have been stumbling home to someone else's place, but last night he just hadn't been in the mood.

He tried unsuccessfully to fall back asleep but finally gave up. He reluctantly got out of bed and stretched, moaning as his tight muscles loosened slowly. 

He walked to the kitchen not bothering to pull on any clothes over his black boxer briefs. He was downing his second glass of water when he heard the shower turn off. A few minutes later he heard the door open, signaling that it was his turn to use the bathroom. He walked down the hall only to collide with someone who was most definitely not Chris. 

A shrill feminine scream reached his ears causing him to wince. He looked down to find Alex, Chris's kid sister clutching a towel around her and breathing heavily. 

"Oh my God John, you scared me half to death." Alex said as she tried to control her breathing. 

"Hey Alex. What are you doing here?" 

"Chris didn't tell you I was coming over?" She asked. "Typical. He wanted me to stay here because of all the break-ins going on lately around my place. I hope it's not a problem." She quickly explained.

"No he didn't tell me, but don't worry about it, you're always welcome here."

"Thanks, and sorry for screaming. I didn't realize you were home." 

"Don't worry about it." He flashed her a quick grin. His eyes made a slow pass over her damp body. 

"I'm, uh, just going to go get dressed." Alex stammered, blushing slightly.

The hallway was narrow and she grazed him slightly while passing. That little bit of contact sent an electric tingle through John. 

He'd always thought she was gorgeous but Chris had told him in no uncertain terms that she was of limits. Still a guy could dream... He closed the bathroom door and turned the shower on quite a bit colder than normal. The image of Alex's curvy body wrapped only in a tiny towel burned into his mind.

**

Alex leaned back against the bedroom door and took several deep breaths. She had not expected John to be here. She'd had developed a crush on John when she moved to the city six years ago for college. For the first few months here she thought that maybe he had feelings for her too, but he never made a move and she had eventually moved on. 

One look at him in his boxer briefs was enough to make those old feelings come rushing back. The man was sexy, no doubt about it, and there was something about his crooked grin that made her feel weak in the knees. 

"Get a grip!" she whispered to herself before pushing off the door and getting dressed. 

She was sitting at the kitchen table sipping on her second cup of coffee when John entered the room. 

"So are you hanging around here for the day?" he asked.

"I was planning on it. If that's not a problem... I have a bunch of tests to grade."

"Sure, no worries. How's teaching going? You teach high school chemistry right?"

"Yeah, I love it."

John let out a light laugh and shook his head. 

"Hey, what's that for?"

"I'm just imagining the student/teacher fantasies you must inspire." 

"Ugh, I'd really rather not think of that." She groaned. "What are your plans for the day?"

John shrugged "Nothing really, I have some running around to do this morning. Then there's a game on so I'll probably watch that"

When John returned Alex was still sitting at the table grading papers. The rest of the afternoon went by in companionable silence. Alex sat working while John parked himself in front of the TV. She couldn't help herself from stealing little glances of him every once in a while. She found it endearing when he yelled at the TV in frustration or stood up and cheered when his team scored. 

Around dinnertime he approached her at the table. "Still working hard I see"

"I am a master procrastinator so I had quite a build up of stuff" she explained. 

"Want to do pizza tonight? Then maybe watch a movie?"

"Oh, sure that would be nice."

An hour later they were sitting on the couch working their way through a large pizza and arguing over which movie to watch. 

"I don't do scary movies. Sorry, not going to happen." Alex said stubbornly. 

"Aw, come on. I'll keep you safe." John promised. He got up and turned off the lights then motioned for her to sit by him. It was the oldest trick in the book but he was still thrilled when she cuddled up under his arm. 

The movie started and John couldn't help laughing at her reactions. The littlest thing made her scream and at one point he looked down at her to find her with her eyes closed tight and plugging her ears. He laughed quietly as he pried her hands away. 

"You really are bad at this. Although I have to say I've never seen anyone plug their ears during a movie."

Alex glared up at him as she explained. "Sometimes I think the scary music is the worst part. I'm probably going to have nightmares tonight, so I hope you're happy."

"Come on the movie wasn't even that scary!" 

"Matter of opinion. Are you willing to stay up and watch a Disney movie with me to take my mind off it?" She asked teasingly.

"Not happening. But what you're saying is that you need a distraction to help you sleep tonight. Is that right?"

Alex nodded her head and bit her bottom lip. John didn't think before lowering his lips to hers. She moaned softly against him and deepened the kiss, her tongue tangling with his. John roughly pulled her onto his lap so she was straddling him before kissing over her jaw and down her neck. His hands slid down her body to the soft swell of her hips and then reality hit him. 

He pulled away quickly. "Shit, I'm sorry. That was out of line." He said as he gently pushed her off his lap and back on the couch. He could see the confusion in her eyes so felt obligated to explain. "Look, I think you're great but Chris is my best friend and he threatened me with bodily harm if I ever made a move on you." 

Alex pouted at him, but he wasn't going to give in. He wasn't the relationship kind and she was worth more than a quick fuck. Plus Chris really would castrate him is he treated her like a one nightstand. 

"I'm sorry." John repeated before leaving the room.

**

It was two hours later and Alex couldn't sleep. She kept replaying their kiss again and again in her mind. She wanted him, he clearly wanted her so what was the problem? She wasn't about to let some warning from her brother stop her from feeling those lips again. She'd just have to break through his resistance. She threw back the covers, a plan forming in her mind. 

Alex had never done anything like this and couldn't help the small giggle that escaped her lips and she slid into her black lace panties and matching bra. Oh well, no time like the present. She debated putting a robe on over her risky attire but decided against it before opening her door and walking silently into the hallway. 

Removed from the safety of her bedroom the reality of what she was about to do caught up with her. She stood outside his door silently debating, go in or go back to bed? Her hand hovered on the doorknob for a few seconds before she slowly turned it and slipped into his room. An affectionate smile played on her lips as she took in his sleeping form. 

He was clad only in a pair of boxer briefs, navy this time, and sprawled out on his back. The sheets were half on the floor suggesting he'd been having a restless sleep. He looked so vulnerable in this moment Alex felt she could stand there for hours just watching him. 

She tiptoed forward until she reached the bed. After taking a deep breath to calm her nerves she gently straddled him then leaned forward until she could press playful kisses to his lips, neck, and chest. 

Her hands began to roam over his sculpted chest, he moaned lightly in his sleep and Alex thrilled at the sound. She could see consciousness slowly breaking through as she continued her attack. 

"What the..." John got out before Alex pressed her lips to his. His hands automatically went to her hips as he kissed her back with abandon before pulling back.

"Alex, what are you doing?" 

"What does it look like? I want you, and I'm pretty sure you want me..." 

She began to roll her hips over his, loving the feeling of his growing erection pressing into the fabric of her panties. 

John groaned before pulling her back down for a kiss. He finally lost control and let his hand wandered up to her breasts. He reached behind her to unclip her bra and sighed as the heavy globes fell forward. John continued to kiss her as his hands teased her nipples, teasing them into hard buds. Alex moaned against his mouth and pushed her chest forward craving more of his touch. 

In an instant he had their positions reversed. Her body writhing beneath him as he hovered above her. 

"Put you hands over you head." 

Alex thrilled at his commanding tone and did as ordered. She watched his eyes darken as they roamed over her exposed body. 

His mouth latched onto her nipple sucking the sensitive peak into his mouth. Her back arched against him trying to force more of her into his mouth. One hand fondled her other breast while the other made a slow trail down her body. 

John released her from his mouth and took in the sight before him. She was so beautiful, hands above her head totally at his mercy. Her breath was coming in quick gasps, her chest rising. His hand made it's way down her stomach until it touched the soft lace of her panties. He looked deep into her eyes as his fingers snaked below them and into her slick folds. She was so wet he groaned, loving that it was him that had made her this way. 

He gently parted her lips as his fingers explored her hot centre. He played over her clit making her gasp before going lower. His fingers circled her entrance until her hip started pushing against him, only then did he allow one finger to slide slowly into her. 

"Oh, my God" Alex moaned above him. Her hips were thrusting, trying to get his invading finger deeper. John slowly withdrew his finger and brought it up to her mouth. She gave him a coy look before sucking the offered finger into her mouth and licking it clean. 

All the blood in John's body went straight to his dick. The sensation of her sucking her juices off his finger was almost more than he could bear. 

He pulled his finger out of her mouth and kissed her hungrily for a few moments before moving his head down her body. He attacked her right nipple, sucking and lightly biting until she whimpered; only then did he turn his attention to the other breast. He kissed over her ribs and down her stomach, pausing to flick his tongue into her belly button making her squirm. 

He licked at the top of her panties before hooking his fingers in them and slowly sliding them down her silky legs. John sat up on his knees, holding one of Alex's legs up by his head. He placed gentle kisses on the arch of her foot before kissing a trail up her calf. His leisurely path took him up her leg, to the back of her knee and finally up her creamy thigh. 

Alex could feel him warm breath on her inner thigh. She held her breath as his fingers opened her up. She felt extremely exposed and vulnerable with her hand tangled in the sheets above her head. Just when she thought she would die if he didn't touch her his hot tongue licked up her slit. She moaned loudly and pushed her hips up begging for more. 

John placed his hands on her hips holding her still as his clever tongue explored her. She brought her hands down to tangle in his hair, just then he pulled his head up. 

"Alex, I thought I told you to put your hands up over your head?" He growled against her. "Are you going to be a good girl or am I going to have to tie you up?" 

If she was wet before, now she was drenched. His controlling words thrilled her in a way she didn't know was possible. She'd been in two serious relationships before but both guys had been pretty vanilla. There had certainly never been any talk of restraints before. 

She reluctantly drew her hands up above her head again. Fisting them in the sheets to prevent her from pushing his mouth against soaking sex. Part of her wondered what would happen if she disobeyed him, would he really tie her up? 

John lowered his head again. He alternated between tongue fucking her tight hole and sucking her clit into his mouth to flick it with his tongue. Alex could feel herself loosing control. She was writhing beneath him trying to force him to put more pressure on her aching clit but she was no match for his strong arms holding her hips down. 

"Please" she gasped. She was so close, her orgasm building inside her. 

John pulled his head up slightly "Please what Alex? What do you want?" he asked while nipping at her thigh.

She lifted her head to glare down at him "What are you doing? Don't stop!" She practically cried. Alex couldn't believe he had the audacity to stop when she was so close.

"Tell me what you want"

"Please... please you have to let me cum" 

"Do you want to me make you come apart with my tongue?" He asked, barely containing his grin as she struggled against him.

"Yes, yes. Please. Use you tongue, I can't take it anymore" she begged. 

John wasn't going to deny her. He sucked her clit into his mouth, her moans urging him on. He poised two fingers at her wet hole and lightly bit her clit as he pushed them in. Her orgasm rippled through her, her pussy muscles milking his fingers as her sweet honey flooded his mouth. 

Her legs had clamped his head in place and her hips were bucking against him as she rode out her orgasm. He continued to lick her until she finally calmed down. Then slid up her body to take her mouth for a hot kiss. 

Alex pulled away from the kiss. "You don't play fairly" she accused him. 

"Never said I did sweetheart" 

"Just so you know, pay back's a bitch." She warned him with a sly grin.

"Mmmm... can't wait." John chuckled against her lips. 

Alex brought her hands down and gave them free rein to wander over John's sculpted body. She'd always had a thing for backs and took her time running her fingers over his shoulders and strong back all the way down to his ass. 

One hand slipped around and under his boxer briefs. She lightly caressed his swollen cock, loving the feeling of the silky smooth skin gliding beneath her fingers. She stroked up and down a few times and was rewarded by his growl against her mouth. Her hand went lower to cup his balls as she sucked his earlobe into her mouth.

John was ready to explode. "You're killing me." he groaned into her ear. 

Alex spread her legs wide and thrust her hips up into him. That was all the invitation John needed. He quickly pushed his boxers down and then leaned over to grab a condom from his bedside table. Alex was looking up at him, biting her lower lip and writhing beneath him with impatience. 

John sheathed himself and then guided his almost painful erection to her waiting sex. He nudged at her opening. Alex moaned below him, she had her eyes closed and her head resting to one side. She looked sexy as hell but he wanted to look into her eyes when he entered her. He reached up to intertwine his fingers with hers above her head, holding her captive. 

"Alex, look at me."

Alex slowly opened her eyes and met his gaze. It took every bit of his willpower but he forced himself to go slow. Teasing her with just the first couple inches of himself until she was thrusting her hips up at him, desperate for him to go in deeper. He wanted her to beg for this too. 

"John...Please..." Alex whimpered. 

"Haven't you learnt that you need to be more specific." he teased, lowering his head to nip at her throat.

"Please, I want you so badly."

"You want what?"

"I need you... I need your dick inside me" she moaned. 

John lifted his head to look into her eyes one more time as he finally pushed into her tight hole. Alex cried out beneath him and arched her back. He wished he could capture this exact moment on film. She brought her legs up around his waist allowing him to go deeper. 

He kept his thrusts at a slow even pace loving how her hips rose to meet him. Soon it was too much and he picked up the pace. He released her hands so he could brace himself on the bed and add more power to each thrust. Her high soft moans and his deeper ones mingled with the slapping sounds of their bodies meeting.

John bent his head to capture one of her nipples, sucking the sensitive peak into his mouth. He wasn't going to last much longer and hoped Alex was getting close. Each time he withdrew his cock her pussy muscles squeezed around him as if reluctant to let him go. 
