 I was lying in bed, in my pajamas, when I heard the lock turning in the front door of the apartment that I shared with my roommate, Lisa. Glancing at the clock on my bedside table I saw that it was only midnight. I knew it couldn't be Lisa as she was working a 12 hour shift at the hospital, and wouldn't be back until 10:00 in the morning. 

I crawled out of bed and nervously made my way through the darkness to the entryway, grabbing one of Lisa's liquor bottles as a weapon. I heard someone moving about in the living room, so I took a deep breath and flipped on the lights. 

There was a man putting out blankets on the couch. He turned to face me when I turned on the lights.

"Who are you?" I asked him in what I hoped was a confident voice.

"Didn't she tell you? She was supposed to at least warn you that I was coming over," the man said as his eyes traveled up and down my body.

At this point I remembered that I was only wearing my favorite pajamas which consisted of peach colored short shorts and a peach colored top with only lace covering my breasts.

After I crossed my arms over my chest I asked him, "Didn't who tell me you were coming?"

"Lisa. I'm her uncle. I'm in town for a few days and since your guys' apartment is closer to where I need to be for my meetings, I asked her if I could stay."

As I thought back, I could vaguely recall her mentioning something about that after we had had a couple of drinks. I was willing to agree to anything to get her to stop talking after a certain point as she got chatty.

I turned my attention back to the man, "Yeah, now that I think about it, she did mention it. Sorry, I hope you're not offended. I'm Cassandra."

"No harm done, I'm Mikal. Is that a welcoming gift for me?" he laughs and gestures to the bottle of vodka in my hand.

"Sure, why not. Lisa could have picked a better time to let me know you were coming," I let out a small laugh as I go to get two glasses and somethings to mix it with. "Do you want to watch something?"

"Sure, here I have one and I'll put it in. Hope you don't mind mildly scary."

I shuddered a little bit, "No that should be fine."

He put it in and sat on the couch. As I was setting things down, I had a chance to examine him a little bit. He was a lot taller than my 5'6" and probably had close to 20 years on to my 23 years, yet there wasn't overly much gray in his hair. The gray that was there only made him look better anyway. 

I found my breathing getting shallower the more I studied him and knew that I needed to calm down. I handed him his drink and sat next to him. I had made my drink stronger after I had started getting turned on. No need to start hitting on my roommate's uncle.

The tv darkened and then relit with 'Piranha 3D'. I gulped, I had seen one of the series before and hadn't been able to finish it nor go into water for a while afterwards. Mikal's arm slid around my shoulders and I took a massive couple of swallows of my burning drink.

After another drink or two, my head was swimming a bit and I was pleasantly relaxed. I'm sure that my dark brown eyes were unfocused but I was able to see the TV well enough. 

They were film the 'Wild Wild Girls' show on the movie when Mikal asked me, "Would you ever be able to do that?"

"What? Show my boobs to a camera? No."

"How about a stranger?"

I shivered with lust, "If it was just one, yeah, I probably could if there was something in it for me."

"Like what," his deep voice in my ear had my pussy getting wetter and wetter.

"Like if he let me see his cock."

"Why would you want that of all things? You could ask for money too you know?"

I blush and look down noticing the bulge in his sleeping pants, "I know but I've never gotten to see a cock in person before."

"Well, we can't have that," and before I can ask what he meant, he slides his pants down enough to free his erection.

Transfixed I reach for it with my hand and start rubbing it up and down. I cannot touch my fingertips together, but I do not know if that normal so I just keep going. My mouth starts to water and I want to try something else I read about.

I move to my knees in front of him and he pushes his pants down more and spreads his legs for me. I lean forward and take the head into my mouth. Licking around it, up and down, across the slit; trying different things.

I shift and take more of his cock into my mouth. His hands tangle in my long brown hair urging me on. I take him as far as I can before going back up and then I repeated the process. My hand went to the base to the length that I could not reach. Saliva dripped down from my mouth making it easier to stroke him at the same time as I sucked on him. It did not take much longer until he was pushing me down as far as I could go and cumming down my throat. 

My pussy throbbed in time to my heart beat knowing that I had managed to make him cum.

"Now it's your turn," he told me.

Confused, I asked "My turn for what?"

"To show me those lovely breasts of yours."

With my head still full of alcohol and lust, I stood up and raised my top up over my head and took it off. I self-consciously stood there as he just stared for a minute.

Then, before I could realize what was happening, he had pulled me down so I was straddling his lap with my chest in his face. A moan escaped my mouth as he took one nipple into his mouth and the other between two of his fingers. His other arm kept me braced against him.

"Mmm your skin tastes sweet, I wonder if your whole body will," he commented before plundering my mouth. With as talented as his mouth was I was content to let him have me however he wanted me.

He went back to my chest and my pussy started throbbing even harder; begging for attention. I had not gotten to play with it earlier due to hearing the door, so it had been a few hours since I had cum last.

I started rocking against him just a little hoping for a little stimulation, but ended up with way more. Mikal figured out what I wanted and threw me down onto my back, pulled my shorts and panties off, and then slid down my clit making buck, and into my pussy.

Soon a second and third finger followed that first finger. The third finger was a bit of a stretch but he started licking my clit and all thoughts flew from my mind. 

I heard crinkling and then felt something blunt at my entrance as Mikal's weight settled over me. He slowly pushed inside as I started begging for more and more. I bit my lip to keep from screaming when he finally picked up the pace and started pounding into me. 

My fingernails raked down his back as he whispered how many more times he was going to fuck me, how tight I was, how he was going to fuck me until morning time and if I was lucky then maybe he would be done before Lisa got back. The thought of her walking in while her uncle fucked me sent me over the edge. My back arched, my pussy tightened around his big cock, and I came.

Mikal kept fucking me the entire time I was cumming but did not last much longer. I felt his hips stutter and then he slammed into me a few final times before falling to the side of me, breathing hard.

"Don't think we're done. I do intend to keep fucking you. You are far too sexy to go to waste," he said as he grabbed a breast and kissed me again. "You should get some rest while you can. It's going to be a long night."