 Following a comment about my first story I have written a sequel – the evening after my day at the nudist beach. It's a story on its own, but you may like to read 'At the Nudist Beach' first.

*********

We were both rather later than planned returning to the hotel. There was just time for quick shower and change of clothes before we went down to the hotel restaurant for dinner. Sally was in a distinctly upbeat mood - the shopping trip had really given her some sparkle. She even decided to wear a dress she'd bought to dinner and I had to admit she looked really good in it. To compliment and enhance the low neckline of the dress she'd also chosen an uplifting bra. No, she didn't just look good, she looked damn well sexy. Even with the short time available Sally had managed to jazz up her lovely auburn hair. She looked good enough to eat. And hopefully that would come later.

With us both in high spirits we selected a Spanish rose wine with our meal. The wine waiter was very helpful as we are much more used to French wines. His choice was good. Just part way into our main course and almost half the bottle was gone. Sally's mood was improving by the minute - even to the point of teasing me about the ladies I'd seen at the beach.

By the time the sweet course had been eaten I had admitted to taking a stroll further down the beach. After the liqueur coffees Sally just knew I'd stayed a while at the nudist zone. It was no secret at all I that I loved any bit of eye-candy that came my way. She was well aware of my liking for any accidental arousal that I might stumble on. And she knew of course my passion for a certain part of a lady's anatomy that had been carefully shaved smooth as silk. She often teased me about Sophie our daughter who, despite being 23 now, was still at home and it still didn't seem to matter much to her how little she walked around the house in – sometimes just bra and panties, sometimes (despite her mother's protests) no bra at all. But the teasing had all but stopped. Too many coffee mornings and ladies circle meetings had subdued Sally's liking for a bit of fun. 

We met up with Sally's shopping companion, Helen, and her husband Mike in the piano bar. The pair had really enjoyed themselves which accounted for the total change in Sally's mood. Each had helped the other, trying on and comparing dresses, shoes and lingerie. Helen was rather more adventurous in her choice of clothes, something which hadn't gone unnoticed and which had undoubtedly had been the reason for Sally's lower neckline. Much chit chat and several drinks later we retired to our room. 

Sat on the edge of the bed, alcohol-enhanced Sally was pensive for a few moments before she said 

"Darling. It's been a few weeks since you last shaved me and it would be nice to feel more comfortable in my bikini. In fact I might just give the beach a try tomorrow."

I didn't need to be asked twice. "Well you make yourself comfortable and I'll get my razor."

Two minutes later I returned with razor, cup of hot water, towel and soap. Meanwhile Sally had removed her new dress and she lay on the bed just in bra and panties. My cock was already standing to attention in anticipation of what was to come. 

As she lifted herself up I placed the towel under her and pulled her panties down. Mmmm .... those panties, having been next to Sally's treasure chest all day long, smelled divine.

As I mentioned in my previous story, these days the shaving sessions were few and far between. Sally was indeed overdue for a trim. It had been noticeable when she wore her bikini but her pubic hair had to get real bad these days before she would admit to needing me to trim it. Using some nail scissors from Sally's makeup bag I quickly removed the longer hair. Even though Sally had showered only a short while ago her special female scent worked its way into my nostrils, a very pleasant mixture of light sweat and musky odours purely designed to arouse the opposite sex. 

A light coating of soap and water was followed by gentle strokes of my Gillette. Many gentle strokes in fact - I knew that the light tickling effect of the blades was something that Sally loved. Little by little the offending pubic hair was removed leaving the bottom half of Sally as naked as the day she was born. 

"That feels much better," said Sally. Then a pause. "Remember when you used to trim Sophie?"

Remember? How could I forget? Sophie is our only daughter. For years she had a problem with lush, thick, fast growing pubic hair, even suffering teasing and occasional bullying by her peers. Then 18 years old and anxious to take a rather slimline and sexy bikini with her on holiday with some college friends, she had confided in her mother. After some discussion and persuasion by Sally I had agreed to at least take a look. Maybe I'll tell you about that another time.

Unlike Heidi at the nudist beach, Sally didn't quite have the sexy curves that I love so much, nor the deep valley of pleasure. But, hey, life never is perfect and Sally is still a good fuck even after many years of marriage. Sadly not as regular a fuck as before but abstinence isn't always a bad thing. When it did happen it was good .... very good.

My handiwork was complete, but rather than stand back and admire it I gave Sally's bare puss a kiss ... or two .... or three, and ran my tongue along the groove.

"Brian! No!" Sally's prompt but mild protest fell on deaf ears. The 'new' Sally considered tongue on genitals 'improper'."

"Brian ..... Don't! .... Brian .... " I sensed an involuntary shiver, followed by "mmmmmm......." I continued taking no notice whatsoever. Without the slightest prompt I could sense her relaxing. I ran my tongue a little lower down her groove, down to the lips that marked the entrance to her den of endless pleasure. Again Sally protested just a little.

"Brian .... no not there. You know I ...... Brian!" Her protests trailed off. Just a little lower and my tongue caught the tip of her clit. 

"BRIAN! ...... Oh! Brian! ..... Oh! ..... Ooooohhhh! ..... Mmmmmmm!" 

Her legs were slowly opening almost of their own accord allowing me to probe my tongue further and further. Her clit enlarged noticeably, became ultra sensitive, her breathing quickened, her pussy juice became a flow. In my mind and in the mind of many other guys I know the scents and the tastes are a potent aphrodisiac. My cock was already engorged, swollen, painfully pressing within my trousers. Releasing it was easy. Delaying the desire to push it in hard, ram it in Sally's cunt as hard as it would go wasn't quite so easy. It had been weeks, no, months since it last entered Sally's pleasure den and even then it had been more out of Sally's duty. My birthday, her birthday, our wedding anniversary. A duty, a kept promise. 

Now though we were on holiday. Another routine fuck? No! Today had been different. Our moods, our senses, for different reasons had been enhanced, heightened, increased. I had to resist the urge to fuck her hard, take her like an animal would take its mate. I had to resist for at least a short while.

My mind went back to tonguing Sally, teasing Sally, arousing Sally, pleasing Sally. My tounge wanted her to come, to come hard, to make her orgasm from nose to toes, to make her shiver with overwhelming pleasure. I had betrayed her trust that very afternoon, being selfish, allowing myself to take in what was offered with no concern for Sally at all. I owed her this. My tongue quickened, darting here and there, tasting her nectar, flicking her clit time and time and time again until she gave her ultimate submission.

"Brian, mmmmm, oh! Brian, no, not there. Yes, Brian, mmmmm."

I slowed right down. Tongue hardly touching, flicking Sally's swollen clit. Then a break for a few seconds.

"Oh! Brian! No not there. You know I don't ..... Brian, please .... Oh no, don't stop. Please Brian. Yes, there. Oh Brian. No, don't stop. BRIAN! Just there, yes. More, no don't stop. BRIAN PLEASE!!!

This was more a plea. Again my tongue attacked her swollen, ultra sensitive, electric, aroused clit. Flick and lick, lick and flick, faster and faster. 

"BRIAN, YES, YES .... OH MY GOD .... OH MY .... OH!!!!! Mmmmmm ......"

Sally's body convulsed, quivered, shook from tip to toe. I couldn't remember when she'd orgasmed with such force, ever.

------

Just a few moments for her to recover her senses and I was on the bed. I would never brag about the size of my cock nor my abilities in bed. However my cock was bulging, bursting, restless to bury itself deep within Sally's pleasure zone. Now I gave all I had, pushing fast and hard within her. A short moan of pain and pleasure left Sally's lips. Perhaps she hadn't expected me being so urgent, almost brutal with her. She was wet, so wet inside, wetter and slicker than I'd known for a long long time. 

After a few urgent, fast pushes my tension eased. I slowed down, complete thrusts deep within her then almost out, using the full length and the full capacity of my highly aroused cock to please her. Sally responded and I could feel her vaginal muscles contracting, something which she hadn't done in ages. I wanted to please Sally and she, it seemed, wanted to please me. I picked up the rhythm again, then slowed. Short, gutteral moans of delight escaped her lips, time and time again.

Quite often, having had no recent matrimonial comfort from Sally, only my own self induced pleasures (vivid memories of Sophies' shaving included) I would come fairly quickly. On this occasion things were different. I'd come once, at the beach, and the effect of that meant I would be much slower to orgasm. It was an advantage, a distinct advantage in that I could give Sally pleasure, much more pleasure and for a longer period of time than before. Perhaps, I thought, I'd been in too much haste each time we had made love. Angered perhaps by Sally's lack of desire to make love more often, a vicious circle .....a circle I wanted to break. 

For now, my actions reverted to what is considered normal. No animal instinct, no urgency, no brutal force. I satisfied myself with a regular rhythm, thrusting in and out - sometimes more deeply, sometimes just a shallow push allowing the sensitive tip of my cock to receive pleasure. 

Sally had her eyes shut, savouring the sensations of me within her. We were bonded together in the most basic way that male and female bodies were meant to be. I was enjoying the prolonged feelings my cock was bringing me. Sally was likewise enjoying our coupling, every stroke in and out bringing its own tingles of delight. 

Bit by bit I could feel my own orgasm building until it reached the point of no return, my balls and prostate pumping out their own seminal mixture, each wave pushing out more and more into Sally's palace of wonders.

Sally came again shortly after my own orgasm began, as if waiting for me to take the lead. The look of pure delight on her face made all my physical effort worthwhile. A short break to recover then we were both in bed together, naked for once, spooned as if we were still young lovers.

The following morning we went down to breakfast hand in hand like two people who had found love once more. A full English nicely digested we set off on our way down to the beach, still hand in hand. And, for once, heads in the clouds, lost in our own world.