 It was nine forty-five when Tom Wilson's secretary, Monica Pope, came into his office "There's a lady out in the waiting area who asked for you by name to do her hair," she said.

"Did she give you her name?" he asked.

"Nope she just asked if you could do her hair" Monica answered. 

"OK send her in" Tom said. After a few minutes the door opened when Tom saw that it was Becky. Thomas sized her up, she was about 5'11", 147 lbs, light blue eyes and honey blonde hair, which hung to the middle of her ass and was pulled back in a loose ponytail. When Becky reached his desk Tom got up and gave her a hug and a kiss. "This is a surprise," he said as they sat down.

"You told me at the club a few nights ago that you'd do my hair without an appointment, that is, if you weren't busy" she said. 

"That's what I said, let me check and see what I have to do today" Tom said.

He picked up the phone "What do I have scheduled for today?" he asked when Monica answered. 

"You have a wash color cut and style at four thirty? She answered. 

"Ok, thank you" Tom said then he hung up. "I'm not busy until four thirty. Looks like I can do you hair," he said. 

"That's great" Becky said as she smiled.

"I really look forward to seeing you at the club every night" he said as he looked at her.

"And I really look forward to seeing you there as well" Becky said.

"Do you go there often?" Tom asked.

"Not as much as I do now what about you" Becky answered.

"When I'm not tied up here, I am there. I have to be there most nights" he said.

"Oh really?" Becky said. 

Yeah I own the club" he said.

"You own the club?" she asked. 

"Yeah I bought it, so that when I needed a break from the salons that I own, I could hang out and work there" he answered.

Becky looked and Tom then she moved closer to him. "I'd like to ask you something if it's alright" she said.

"Go ahead and ask" he said.

"I was wondering if you are married or had a girlfriend?" she asked.

"I'm not married and I just broke up with someone," he answered.

Becky looked at Tom "Did she leave you?" she asked.

"I caught her in bed with my best friend; I left her, after I beat the shit out of him," Tom answered. Tom removed the elastic band from her hair then he ran his hands through it.

"I was wondering if you were looking for a new girlfriend?" she asked. 

"Well it has been over 6 months, however, I still want to play the field for a while, but if I decide to have a girlfriend, I'd very much like it to be you," he said as he gazed at her.

Becky looked at him for a long while "I'm going to hold you to that," she said as she threw her arms around his neck and began to kiss him as he slowly rubbed her back.

As they hugged he played with her silky hair causing her to moan softly. After they had hugged for a while longer she looked at him "Would you make love to me?" she asked.

"Sure I'd love to," he said as he stroked her hair. He took her hand and they went into the private work area were they undressed. Becky sat in the shampoo/styling chair and Tom stood in front of her. Becky began playing with his dick getting it hard. After it was hard she begin kissing and licking the head of it, causing him to moan. After a while she parted her lips and let his cock slide into her mouth then, she began to suck it while she slowly jacked him off. As she sucked his dick he would run his fingers through her silky soft hair and across her shoulders causing her to moan and groan. Becky would lick the underside of his dick as she sucked it.

After a long while he placed his hands onto the back of her head, then he pushed her face tightly against his crotch as he began to fill her mouth and coat her throat with his hot cum, he rubbed the back of her neck. She sucked his dick hard and fast as he came enjoying the taste of it. She sucked his dick a while longer after he had finished cumming then she stood up and went to the rest room. After a minute or two she came back out "I used some mouth wash so I wouldn't have cum breath," she said with a sly grin. Tom looked at Becky then he pinned her to the wall then he began to play with her shaved pussy causing her to moan and groan. When her pussy was wet he looked at her then he shoved his dick inside of her pussy causing her to scream in passion. He kisses her as he made love to her harder causing her to tremble.

After a while he began to cum deep inside of her pussy as he played with her sexy ass causing her to moan loudly. Tom made love to Becky for a while longer then he let his cock slip from her pussy. "Before you stick that messy thing up my ass I'm going to wash it," she said as she looked at his cum covered dick. She wet a washcloth then she squirted a lot of soap onto it then she began to rub the soapy washcloth over his dick and balls causing him to groan. She laid the washcloth on the sink then she squirt into her hand then she began to wash his dick. She massages the underside of his dick as she washed it, causing him to groan louder. After a while she rinsed and dried his dick then she kissed it. She looked at him then she bent over sticking her fine ass up at him. He rubbed her ass "Be easy with me it's been a long time since I had a dick up there," she said.

Tom placed his hands upon her shoulders then he shoved his hard dick up her ass. "Son of a bitch" she screamed as his dick entered her tight ass. As he made love to her ass he reached around and began to play with her breasts causing her to groan. As he made love to her ass he reached around and began to play with her breasts causing her to groan as she played with her pussy. The longer he'd make love to her ass the harder she would play with her pussy. After a while he began to lick her ear as he began to fill her ass with his cum, causing her to start to juice at the same time. He made love to her ass for a while longer then he let his dick slip from her ass. "Damn! I thought you were going to ripe my asshole out the way you were making love to it," she said as she rubbed her ass and grinned. He washed and dried her ass then she turned around and wrapped her arms around his neck

She kissed him as he stroked her sweaty hair. After a while she stood in front of the sink then he wet the washcloth that she had used to wash his dick and balls. He squirted some soap onto it then he began to wash her pussy causing her to tremble. As he washed her pussy she would rub the back of head against his chest and softly moan. After a long while as she watched him in the mirror "I'm going to juice," she said as she stiffened up. He washed her pussy harder as she juiced. The longer he washed her pussy the harder she would juice. After she had stopped juicing he rinsed and dried her pussy as she leaned her head against his chest and sighed happily. "What would you like for me to do to your hair?" he asked after she had sat down. "I want you wash my hair then cut it so that it hangs below my shoulders then I want you to color it back to it's natural color, which is light brown and style it" she answered.

He leaned her back then he began to wet her hair as he ran his fingers through it. After her hair was wet, he poured some shampoo over her head then he began to wash it while she began to play with his cock. As he washed her hair she would lick the head of his cock as she jacked him off. As he massaged her scalp while he washed her hair she began to jack him off harder as she licked it. As he rinsed her hair he shot his cum onto her face cover his lips and nose. After her hair was rinsed he wrapped a towel around her head then he sat her back up. As she sat there she licked his cum from her lips the she wiped the cum from her nose with her finger then, she licked her finger. He wet a washcloth with warm water then he wiped it over her face removing his cum. After her face was clean, he unwrapped the towel from her head then he gently towelled her hair.

He picked up a comb and began to comb her hair to remove any tangles. Once the tangles were removed he sectioned her hair then, he began to cut it. After he finished cutting her hair it hung just below her shoulders. He picked up and brush and a blow dryer and began to dry her hair. After her hair was dried he went over to a cabinet and got a bottle of light chestnut brown hair color, then he came back. He leaned down and kissed passionately her as he stroked her silky soft hair. He combed and sectioned her hair once again then he began to color her hair. When all of her hair was covered. He worked the color through her hair then he place a plastic cap over her head followed by a heat cap. He set the timer for thirty minutes. He looked at her then he got onto his knees and began to lick her pussy causing her to squeal with pleasure.

As he licked her pussy she began to rub his head as she moaned and groaned. When she was ready to juice she held his face against her wet pussy and let her juices flow into his mouth. He had finished licking her juices from her pussy when the timer went off. He leaned her back and began to rinse the excess color for her hair as he ran his hand over her head. After the excess color was rinsed from her hair he squeezed the water from her hair then he wrapped a towel around her head and sat her back up. As she sat there with the towel around her head he kissed her as he rubber her right breast. He unwrapped the towel from her head then he gently dried her hair next he combed her hair. "Do you use mousse or gel?" he asked her.

"Mousse" she answered as she smiled up at him. He squirted some mousse into his hand then he began to work it through her hair.

After the mousse was worked through her hair, he began to comb her hair and roll it up then he sat her under the dryer. As they waited for her hair to dry he went over to his desk and started doing some paper work while she read a magazine. He checked her hair after twenty five minutes and it was still damp so he went back to doing his paper work. After a while longer he checked her hair again and it was dry. "Will you make love to my ass before you remove the rollers from my hair?" she asked then she kissed him.

"Sure" he said as he caressed her cheek. She turned around so that her ass was in front of him. He rubbed her ass then he shoved his dick up her ass causing her to scream out in pleasure. As he made love to her ass he reached around and began to play with her pussy. He would kiss neck and lick her ear as he made love to her ass causing her to moan and groan softly.

"Will you shot your cum onto my ass?" she asked as he continued making love to her ass.

"Sure" he answered as he thrust his dick up her ass hard causing her to groan louder.

When he was ready to cum he pulled his dick from her ass and began to cover her ass cheeks.

When his cum hit her ass cheek she began to juice as she moan softly and tremble. After he had finished cumming she reached back and began to rub his cum over her ass. After she was done playing with her cum covered ass she licked her fingers as he wet a washcloth and washed her ass and her pussy. After he had cleaned her up, she sat in the styling chair and he began to unroll her hair. When all of the rollers were removed he began to brush her hair and style it. After a while he let her see herself in the mirror she saw that her hair was back to it's natural color and hung to her shoulders in curls

when she saw her hair she leap up from the chair and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I love it it's just what I wanted" she said then she began to kiss him passionately as he rubbed her back. After she got dressed he brushed her hair once more then they hugged and kissed again. 

"I have something for you," he said as he handed her a white canvas bag she looked in to the bag and saw some shampoos, conditioners and a bunch of other stuff for colored treated hair.

"How much do I owe you fro this stuff?" she asked.

"Nothing much, only a kiss and a hug," he said with a grin. 

She wrapped her arms around him and gave him a lot of passionate kisses then she turned to leave "Will I see you at the club tonight?" she asked as she started to open the door.

"Yeah I should be in early since I have only one more client today and tell Monica that everything was on the house," he said. Becky gave Tom one of her heart melting smiles then she headed out the door.