 It is a freezing Friday December night inside the college gymnasium. The wrestling meet has three match competitions on the floor. Adonis (19 yrs.) stands at 5'7" and weighs a slender 141 lbs. He's a golden blonde who has "natural" cut muscles. His 8-pack abdominals bulge through the tight wrestling suit. He competes for the out-of-town team. 

Frida (25 yrs.) is a voluptuous Latina (36-24-36) whose black hair falls to her shoulders. She's sitting in a chair on the gym floor looking through her "Nikon" digital camera. She takes photos of Adonis on the mat. Her press pass hangs around her neck who wears a college t-shirt with black, Levi jeans. Her leather jacket and stocking cap sit on her lap. 

Frida whispers, "Ouch, Adonis was elbowed in the mouth." 

The referee stops the match and separates both wrestlers. Adonis begins arguing with his opponent and they push each other. The referee gets in between them while two coaches run onto the floor. Frida keeps taking pictures and sees a lot of blood coming from the mouth of Adonis. 

After a few minutes. The coach of Adonis forfeits the match because of the bleeding mouth. Adonis unstraps his head gear and angrily walks toward the locker room. He holds a towel over his mouth. 

Inside the locker room. Adonis is bent over under the hot shower facing the wall. The water splashes over his body and his coach steps over. 

Coach asks, "Adonis, did your mouth stop bleeding?" 

"Yeah!" Adonis answers. He stands up and turns around. His lower lip is swollen. 

Coach says, "There'll be a re-match so you can still get season points." 

"Good. Accident my ass. He elbowed me deliberately" Adonis replies. 

A few minutes later. Adonis sits down on the bench in front of his locker. He wipes his blonde hair with the towel. He notices a Hotel room key-card on top of his sport bag. He looks around and his fingers grab a note under that card which reads, "I got photos of you on the mat - Frida." 

He smirks, "She's in the same Hotel as me." 

Late Friday night inside Frida's Hotel room. The big screen TV plays Spanish soccer and can barely be heard. The heater runs under the window with the curtains closed. The only light comes from that TV. 

Both Adonis and Frida are leaning against the wall. His back is against that wall with no t-shirt. He's still wearing his jeans. She is naked and facing away from him. His right hand covers her right tit and his fingers pinch her nipple. His left hand is in between her legs with his middle finger rubbing her clitoris in a circle. Her own hand covers his as her legs clamp together. 

His chin juts over her left shoulder as she pushes her head backward. Her "brown" body bucks forward and backward into his "white" body. 

He whispers, "Like that, Frida?" 

"Asi (like that).. Asi.! Asi.!!" she replies. 

His finger keeps rubbing her clitoris. 

He whispers, "You're all wet Frida. You wet for me?" 

Her body bucks with excitement and answers, "Si (yes).. Si.! Joder (fuck).!!" 

"You want me to stop?" he asks. 

She shakes her head, "No.! Adonis... No te pares (don't stop).. No!!" 

His finger circles harder and faster. Frida breathes hard. 

"Rapido (Fast).! Rapido..!" she screams. Her body bucks harder, but he holds her down. 

He whispers, "You want me to fuck you? Huh.., Frida.? Do you.?" 

She nods her head and says, "Si (yes).! Adonis.. Ya voy (I'm coming).! Ya voy.!!" 

Frida's feet lift off of the carpet as an orgasm shoots through her body. Adonis holds her tightly. 

She explodes, "Uhhhh.! Uhhhhh.! Si (yes).!! Seee.!! Seee.!!" 

5 minutes later. Frida is bent over the bed with her legs spread apart. Her beautiful brown butt-cheeks stick into the air. Adonis leans over her with his hands placed on the bed. His thick, 5 and ¾ -inch cock is buried inside her black pussy. He watches his blonde crotch hit her buttocks with hard thrusts. 

Frida's hands grip the bed sheets who responds, "Unnh.. Uh-Unnh.. Uh-Donis.. Dios (god)..!!" 

Adonis keeps thrusting and says, "You like that.? Huh.? You like that.?!" 

"Si (yes).!! Si..!! Uuuhh.! Si.!!" she replies. 

He stops and holds his cock inside of her hotness. He breathes hard and slowly pulls out his shaft, but keeps his "tip" inside. 

He smiles, "Frida.! You want it.?! You want my big cock inside your pussy.?!!" 

She breathes too, "Si (yes).! Si.! Meterlo en (put it in).!!" 

"Fuck, you got a hot Latina ass" He states. 

He slides his cock inside slow and deep. He starts thrusting short and hard. 

Frida responds, "Unh..Uh..Unnh..Uh-Uh..Asi (like that)..Asi..Asi.!!" 

Adonis watches his cock and keeps thrusting. His crotch hits her buttocks. 

"Joder (fuck).! Joder.! Uh-Uh.! Unnh.! Unh.!" she screams. 

He pushes inside and stops. He lifts up his head and explodes, "Uuuuuuuhh.! Friiiiidaaahh.! Uuuh.! Uuuh.!" 

His cock pulls out and he whispers, "You like my cock Frida.? Do you.?" 

She answers, "Yes, I do." 

He holds his position while looking down at her gorgeous body. 

"How's your swollen lip?" she asks. 

He smiles, "It's okay. I forgot about it. Can't kiss you though." 

She whispers, "You're beautiful Adonis." 

"Fuck, so are you. My first Latina" he answers.