 My name is Anna and first let me tell you about myself. I grew up in a house with my dad, my four brothers, and me. That fact alone made me very different from most girls. Added to that, I lived on a street with, including my brothers, 22 boys, and including myself, one girl. I was the most extreme version of a tomboy ever seen. I played baseball, football, soccer, lacrosse, and boxed on all guys' teams until high school when I wasn't allowed to play with boys. I never spent the night at a girl's house or really interacted with girls at all. I was perfectly happy with my boys and didn't care if I didn't wear make up or cute clothes. In high school my lack of girlishness didn't stop me form dating a little. I even hooked up with a guy from my circle of friends my senior year.

College came fast and I went to a small school along with a few of my guy friends from my street. Freshman orientation was met with apprehension but excitement as I met my new roommate, the first girl I would ever spend excessive amounts of time with. That first semester wasn't bad, I learned a lot from my roommate Lana, but I just wasn't happy. I didn't fit in with girls and couldn't stand another semester in an all girls hall. One of my friends told me he had a friend, Dan, who rented an apartment just off campus and desperately needed a roommate to cover the rent. I had met Dan a few times at parties and he was a fairly nice guy. I went and talked to him and it seemed like we had a lot in common. We were both scholarship students and had jobs to help cover expenses. His last roommate got kicked out of school and he really needed help with the rent so he told me to move right in. 

After that day Dan and I became great friends. We were both business majors, so most nights we ate together then studied together. Neither of us is huge party animals, since we worked so much and had to keep our grades up. That meant that most weekends we ended up sitting together drinking beer and watching TV. Unfortunately with all our work, neither of us had much time for dating. Not that I was that concerned about it, but I had really grown into a beautiful eighteen year old. If I cared to notice, whenever I went out, I got stares from most guys in the room. I was about 5'7, about 5' of it legs. I weighed about 130 lbs, and had naturally tan skin. My hair is extremely dark brown, and lays in long ringlets ¾ of the way down my back. Not that you can tell form how I dress but I also have an impressive chest, about a 34D. Not that any of this did me any good since I worked so hard the only guy I ever saw was Dan while we were watching football games on TV. Dan and I flirted innocently but honestly neither of us saw it as more than roommate interaction.

One afternoon about halfway through the semester I was getting ready for an interview with the financial aid board at school. My dad had just been laid off at work and was finding trouble getting a new job. I was hoping I wouldn't have to take out another student loan. I had just started shampooing my hair when I heard Dan slam into the apartment, late for work as usual.

"ANNA!! I ran late at the gym and I need to be showered and out the door 15 minutes ago!!"

"I'm already in here, sorry."

I heard him come into the bathroom as he started undressing.

"Dude, seriously I'm right in the middle of washing my hair, I can't jump out right now" I said impatiently.

"You don't understand I'm such a mess and I can't be late again or I'm going to get fired, just get out PLEASE!"

I finished rinsing my hair and was preparing to chew him out when I heard the curtain open and felt him get into the shower. I whipped around to chew him out and stepped right into him. We fell into a pile in the tub floor. As I shook it off I realized I had fallen straddling his stomach. Both of us sat silent and still for a minute, then I pushed back to try and stand up, bringing my pussy right into contact with his semi- erect penis. I scrambled up, silently marveling at how big he was! His length was nice sized, about 8 inches erect I'd guess. But he was so thick! I shook myself off, as we both turned around.

"I guess we could just---" "--- finish up" we said together.

I was burning between my legs, but I was shocked that I felt this way about Dan as we awkwardly tried to finish our showers in the same tiny space. I turned to grab my loofa off the shelf and bumped straight into his rock solid chest. It had been so long since I'd felt a man that I lingered for just a second. That was all it took. Suddenly Dan grabbed my neck and roughly kissed me, pulling my body into him. Our wet bodies slipped against each other as we rocked back and forth. I was on fire as we groped at each other. He pulled back just a little and started sucking on my tits, gently biting on my nipples. He reached down and started stroking my pussy, roughly shoving two fingers deep inside me as he continued to lavish my breasts. When I couldn't stand it any more I pushed him away and knelt down. By now his cock had reached it's full potential and as now solid as steel. I began lavishing it with kisses then sucked it deep into my mouth, feeling him enter my throat. My small hands encircled his balls and I gave him my most expert blowjob.

After a few minutes as he started groaning, he pulled me up, kissed me fiercely, forcing his tongue down my throat, and spun me around. I knew exactly what was coming and my legs were dripping with my own desire. I quickly bent over, spread my legs, and grasped the water spigot for support. Dan slapped my ass once and ran his hands up and down my slit until I was squirming before him. I reached back and grabbed his rock hard prick and put it in line with my pussy. He grabbed my hips and after teasing me for a few seconds, he pushed the head in, stretching me apart until I felt like I would burst. My head rolled back and he grabbed my hair. He quickly shoved the rest of his strong eight inch tool into my channel, slapping my ass with his balls. The pain was so amazing; it was all I could do to keep from falling over in ecstasy. My orgasm hit so strong he had to grab my stomach to keep me up. My moans filled the bathroom for what seemed like hours as he pumped in and out of my tight pussy. 

"God you're so fucking tight" He screamed.

I was incomprehensible as I moaned and spasmed everywhere. Another orgasm hit as Dan pulled my hair back hard and kissed me, shoving his tongue roughly into my mouth. A few minutes later Dan began to piston faster in and out, his moans getting louder and more urgent. He was slamming so hard into me I was nearly smacking the wall with each thrust and I loved it. Growling like an animal I reached down and rubbed my clit, entering my most powerful orgasm of my life. I quickly felt Dan tense and begin to fire his hot juice into my vagina, bouncing of the walls of my pussy. I collapsed in lovely exhaustion as Dan let go and turned off the water. He quickly picked me up and carried me to the bed where we got under the covers and fell asleep. I woke up to him eating me out, a mischievous gleam in his eyes. 

"You know, I missed my meeting and you missed work" I commented.

He replied, pulling his tongue out of me, "I know, but I think I can occupy the two of us until you can get another meeting and I get a new job" as he dove back into me.

Dan and I are still together, living in the same apartment. I'm still a tomboy, and we still watch games on the weekend. The only thing that has changed is my dad got a better job with much better pay so Dan and I don't have to work nearly as much to cover rent, and also, he doesn't have to be in a hurry to get to work to get a poke at me. Hey I've got to fill up my time with something...