 Dinner was going well...

Our first date... 

We joked, laughed, and chatted about life and things we had skirted upon online. Many times you caught me gazing into your mouth as you spoke, you wondered if I was thinking the same kind of things you thought when you found yourself doing the same to me.

You wondered to yourself, did I want to kiss you as much as you wanted to be kissed?

We continue talking.. The time flies by... The restaurant still packed with diners, but we can barely hear anyone else but each other. 

Then finally it happened, I took your hand in mind, and held it. That first contact was made.

"You are SO gorgeous" I whispered, "Every time I look at you I just wanna grab you"

"Then why don't you?" You replied with a mischievous grin on your face

"What here???" I said.

For an instant your face betrayed the slightest disappointment, and I immediately stood up. It took you totally by surprise as I gently lifted you to your feet and held you in my arms.

"Kiss me baby" A wide grin crossed my face as your eyes darted around the restaurant immediately embarrassed. Then my mouth found yours, tongues intertwined, as I kissed you long and deep.

We could both hear the sudden silence in the restaurant as the diners stopped and stared.

Your embarrassment faded rapidly, as the passion and the moment collided, you could feel the eyes on you, and it made your pulse race just a little faster.

The kiss ends, but I hold you in my arms, you feel the gentle strength keeping you close, keeping you safe, then you realise that there is a hard bulge in my pants pressing against your front.

You realise what it is, and how hard it is, and your face flushes. You feel that the entire restaurant and see that I have an erection and that I'm rubbing it against you.

We let each other go and return to our seats, but this time I move my chair to the side of the table, next to you. I take your hands in mine and hold them, we both stare into each others eyes with childlike grins on our faces.

You feel your heart pounding inside your chest, mentally you check yourself over, hair presentable, makeup okay, then you realise "God I am wet!" You were totally surprised at just how wet this little stunt had made you.

You look at me, my lips are moving and I'm talking to you but you cant hear me, all that is running through your mind is how hard it was. The bulge.

Suddenly you are doing the unthinkable. You hand is snaking its way under the table, it finds my thigh, slides up to my lap, and you place your hands on the hot hard thing there. You squeeze it gently as you let out a light moan, feeling a gush of your own juices.

Your hand strokes up and down its length, you begin to rock minutely on your chair, trying to get some stimuli to your clit which is swollen and throbbing.

Now its my turn to be embarrassed. You see my eyes furtively glancing around the room, who is watching? But you now don't care.

Your hand deftly unbuttons my zipper and reaches in and frees my cock under the table, its hot and solid in your palm, your finger tips touch its head and you feel the moisture of precum oozing out of it. You take you hand from under the table and pop the fingers into your mouth. "Mmmmmm!! Sweet!" Then you slipped your hand back under the table and continued to massage me.

Your other hand slips under the table as well, but this hand finds its way up your skirt, and begins rubbing your pussy thru your soaked panties.

You slip two fingers inside your thong and ease them between your soaking lips, pushing the fingers deep inside, you moan lightly as you withdraw the fingers and offer me your hand.

You look at me in absolute pleasure as you see the dumbfounded look on my face. My mouth is agape, eyes wide in disbelief.

You put your shiny wet fingers into my mouth. "Hurry love, before they dry" I then start to suck them, taking the wetness off your hand. "Good boy" You smiled. Then your hand slips back under the table to pleasure yourself some more.

I am moaning lightly at your hands. My voice is fortunately drowned out by the murmurs of the other diners.

Suddenly we realise that the waiter has just arrived and is looming over us. "Would Sir and Madam care for a coffee or apertif?" You see me look at you and you're smiling broadly, but your hands still of their work under the table. "I'd like a latte please" you said, then you turned to me, pumping my cock just a bit firmer "How about you dear? What would you like to finish you off?"

Its clear from the waiters face that he is all too aware of what you are doing to me under the table.

In a raspy voice I order the same as you.

Just as the waiter is about to depart I ask him "How long will that take?"

"About 5-10 minutes Sir"

"We've got 5-10 minutes" You beamed.

"Come on!" I said, popping myself back into my pants

You stood up and followed me as I led you deeper into the restaurant, until finally we were outside the men's toilets.

"Where you going?" You asked. 

"We" I replied as I pulled you in after me.

Theres a man standing with his back to us taking a piss and humming to himself. Just as he turns around I have you in one of the cubicles, then have you back in my arms and we are fantically kissing each other.

You hand immediately goes back to my still hard cock, freeing it from its prison back into your warm hands.

My hands find your bra-less breasts, cupping them and teasing your already hard nipples. You lean forward and take my cock into your waiting hungry mouth.

My taste fills your senses, making you heady with passion. My cock is long and thick, and you take as much of it into your mouth as possible, licking the length of the shaft and stroking it at the same time.

You feel my cock getting harder and harder in your mouth... my balls tightening up in your palms until finally you feel my hot juices squirting into your mouth and across your lips. You suck and swallow, drinking me down tasting that sweet salty taste of me.

I stand you up and we kiss even fiercer than before, you get a rush knowing that I can taste myself on your lips. You feel my hands on you, one hand sliding down your back, the other down your front, both hands raise your skirt and dive into your panties, my fingers immediatly find your swollen wet clit, and rub it firmly, stimulating your g-spot, the other hands finger slide down to your ass, and gently probe there, pushing lightly inside. You start to grind your hips backwards and forward, pushing yourself onto both sets of fingers.

My fingers rub your clit, faster and faster, your pussy is SO wet right now and you can hear slurping noises when I occasionally dip them inside you, whilst another finger joins the one in your ass.

"Gonna cum" you moan, urging me to rub you faster, firmer, builing in intensity. Finally you let out a loud shriek as an orgasm overwhelms you, making your body convulse in delight. Your pussy squirts its cum onto my hands, its hot and thick.

Suddenly I turn you around, leaning you over the seat, and I slide my hot cock into your still quivering pussy. The depth of the penetration immediately brings about another orgasm in you, I dont move, staying still whist you writhe on my manhood.

As it begins to die down, I start to fuck you, catching your body before the pleasure faded from you and each thrust began to pump it back up again.

"Oh God, not again! What are you doing to me?" You whimpered. I fuck you harder and harder, I can feel my own orgasm approaching whilst feeling your pussy contracting around my cock. You're pushing yourself back onto me, taking me in as deeply as possible, we move together, faster, harder, deeper, until finally we both come again, together. More of my cum shooting inside your pussy, whilst you drench my cock with your own juices.

We stand there panting for what seems an age! Finally we kiss and fix our clothes.

"Fancy a coffee??" I smiled

"Love one!" You grinned in reply

I open the door and walk out of the cubicle ahead of you, but suddenly stop dead in midstep!

"What's up?" You asked. I moved out of the way and you saw two suited men, standing staring at us, ones jaw was agape in shock and a trace of disgust, the other smiling broadly "Busted!" He laughed.

We giggled nervously and scurried out of the restroom and back to our table, where awaited us two steaming cups of coffee.

"We should cum here again" I remarked

"Anytime!" You smiled, sipping at your latte.. "Ahhh perfect!"