 Continued from part 01... 

Just then, there was a knock on the door. "Servicio de Quarto, sen~or," a female voice announced. Room service. 

Ricky stiffened. Both looked at each other, knowing no such service had been ordered. 

Ricky pulled his gun, and started shouting in... Chinese? Tamade! Zemezhao caoxingwo! 

The female sound on the other side of the door, this time in louder Spanish, "Lindo! Abre la puerta ahora!" (Handsome, open the door now!)

To Ana's surprise, Ricky went to unlock the deadbolt and opened the door. 

A brunette with very wide shoulders, medium height, in a severe business suit, and knee length skirt that showed off her powerful calves, walked past Ricky. She had an oversized purse under one arm and a briefcase. Her face was framed by curly locks. She didn't stop until she reached the bed area, then turned around to face Ricky. Ricky caught up to her and said in a hush tone, "Jimena, what are you doing here?"

Jimena gave him a stern look, "You didn't check in last night. They sent me to find you." 

Ricky shrugged. "I was busy, change of plans."

Ana peeked around the edge of the bathroom door, and Jimena noticed. Her expression went blank for a moment, then her eyes widened, then her blank expression morphed into a smile. 

Ricky sighed, "Jimena, meet Juliana. Juliana is a friend of mine." 

The two women gazed at each other, silently assessing each other. 

Ana felt uneasy. She was sure that Jimena recognized her, but not absolutely sure. Jimena and Ricky started talking. Ana barely paid attention to their conversation as thoughts of Ricky's ministrations only hours ago reminded her that she was a damaged woman. Maybe Ricky's return is a sign, that her life was not completely without hope... 

The tone of their conversation had turned hostile, causing Ana to take notice. 

"This is important! I need a secure location to debrief her properly!" Ricky demanded in frustration. 

Jimena sighed, "Okay, but if they know she had escaped, they're probably near the embassy now. Go to safehouse 6. I'll need to make a call." Jimena pulled a bulky candybar phone out of her purse and started dialing as she headed toward the balcony. 

Ricky asked, "Is that the one off Avenida Boyaca?" 

Jimena flashed him a thumb up without looking, as she reached the balcony. Ana watched Ricky finish packing, then at Jimena, wondering what was the plan, or what relationship did Ricky had with Jimena. But that's not important, is it? 

Jimena finished talking and was just turning to head back inside. She took one step, then Jimena's chest exploded in a fountain of blood. 

Then came the sound of a gunshot. 

Ana screamed. No blood reached her, but she had never seen death this close. Her brain had not understood the image. 

Jimena pitched forward to her knees, then fell face down half way into the room, leaving her legs in the balcony. The bulky phone flew out of her hand and clattered across the carpet, leaving only a splatter of blood on the wall. 

Ricky grabbed for Ana's hand, and threw his phone into the toilet. As Ricky unlocked the door, the sound of sizzle or pop came from the restroom, then Ricky dragged her out of the room, leaving their luggage behind. 

Time to run. 

-----

Ana walked as if in a trance. She went where Ricky directed her to go. They managed to descend to the lobby via elevator, then quietly bribed an attendant to summon a taxi to the rear exit. Then they took the taxi to different hotel to the east, the Four Seasons Casa Medina, then another taxi a little hotel right next to the airport. Finally, another taxi took them to a little notary on Calle 25g. They paid off the taxi, and started the slow walk to their safehouse off the main road Avenida Boyaca, at this side street. The various taxi rides took far more time than expected, but they were quite certain there were no tail, even though their destination was actually only less than kilometer away. 

They were half a block away from the corner of Calle 24d and Carrera 72 Bis when an explosion rocked them. Ricky spun Ana so his back was toward the explosion, covering Ana, as Ricky drove Ana to the ground. Chunks debris landed around them. 

Ricky swore. This was beyond disastrous now. His mission was compromised six ways to Sunday. His handler's dead, and now his Safehouse had been blown up. 

But the first need is evade... He stood up slowly, checking over Ana, who did not seem to be injured. Then he realized his left arm is numb. Must have taken some shrapnel. Ricky was assessing his damage when a man, dressed in a similar dark suit, to his right emerge from behind a car. The mysterious man was not looking at the explosion like gawkers. He noticed Ricky and Ana, his eyes widened with recognition. He reached into his coat. 

Ricky's right hand drew one of two ceramic throwing knives he had hung in the friction holder under his left armpit and slipped it free, then in a single smooth motion he threw it sidearmed. The blade hit the man's throat just as he got the gun clear of his coat. He collapsed with a hand to his throat.

Ricky quickly pulled Ana to her feet, and turned turned right on Calle 24d bis, then to the end and cut across the mini park. Ricky loosened his tie and opened a few buttons on his shirt then resumed his arm around her waist. While he looks casual, his eyes are scanning everything for possible threat. They made it through Avenida La Esperanza and started walking northwest. 

Ana glanced at Ricky, and noticed the pain in his expression. "Are you wounded?"

"No time to stop, we need to hide." Ricky replied, then clenched his teeth again. 

Ricky walked up to a Chinese restaurant. The main door was locked. The restaurant didn't open until 11. He knocked three times, then twice, then three times. Then repeated it three more times. 

A few minutes later, a bleary eyed man opened the door suspiciously, then his eyes widened in shock. "Nei!" 

"Hai-oh, dailo." Ricky said. 

The man stepped aside, "Fai-di yup-lei-la."

Once inside the dark lobby, Ana was able to look at the man who opened the door most closely. This man was wearing a wifebeater vest. His receding hairline and wrinkles puts him at over 40, and his complexion is oily, and the scowl on his face made him look older. His middle was getting a bit flabby but his eyes are bright and his arms are still strong. He roared, 

"Nei li go sui zai, zao gum duo nin, yut di shien hei dou mo?"

Ricky just shrugged, "Si-sai suo-bik, mo-bang-fat-la." 

The man looked Ana over, then used pretty accented Spanish, "Hola, soy Samson, due~no de este restaurante."

"Como me le va, Samson. Soy Juliana." 

Samson turned to Ricky, and switched back to whatever they were speaking, "Nei min-sik mm-hai gai-ho, sai-lo. Sheung hui yao-sik la." Then slapped him in the back. 

Ricky just winced, then nodded, and lead Ana upstairs into the little bedroom setup in the attic. The ceiling is low, and the window is small, but it's cozy, and mostly taken up by the bed, a desk, and a chair, very simple stuff. 

Ricky straddled the chair, not bothering to turn around. "Ana... help me get this jacket off..." He said through clenched teeth. 

Ana approached as was about to move when she finally noticed the piece of metal stabbed through his shoulder. it was fully embedded into his flesh. 

"There's a piece of metal stuck there. What do I do?"

"Go... Get... Samson..." 

Ana practically flew downstairs, didn't see Samson, and headed for the kitchen, which is where she found him chopping vegetables. 

"Samson, venga! Rapido! Ricky esta herido!" (Samson, come quickly! Ricky's wounded!) 

Samson dropped what he's doing, wiped his hands on a rag, then grabbed the first aid kit and ran upstairs with Ana. 

They got upstairs. Ricky's eyes were closed, and his breath came rapidly. Blood slowly dripped down his limp left arm as he leaned on the chair back. Samson assessed the situation, then reached for a scissors and cut through Ricky's jacket, then shirt. Samson noticed the weapons and holsters, but he gave no other reaction. He gently removed them and put them on the desk.

The jagged metal piece glinted in the low-light, only a little is visible. The burned smell and blood smell overwhelmed the oily smell of the restaurant. 

Ana moved to the other side of the chair, facing Ricky, and held his right hand, and gently rubbed it. Samson went off rummaging for something, then came back. 

"Juliana?"

"Si, Samson? Como puede ayudas?" What can I do to help?

"Continuar que estas haciendo" Continue whatever you're doing. 

Ana complied. 

Samson produced a pair of pliers, and after getting a nice secure grip on the piece of metal, he simply pulled with no warning. 

A scream of pure agony escaped from Ricky's throat, then Ricky fainted. Samson opened a small paper satchet of some sort, and dumped some sort of powder into Ricky's shoulder wound. The powder quickly absorbed the blood and the bleeding stopped.

"Que es eso?", Ana asked, What is that?

"Secreto Chino," Samson replied with a smile. "Chinese secret."

Ana frowned, but Samson just chuckled. Samson and Ana moved Ricky into bed, on his right side, to put minimal pressure on his wounded left arm. Samson felt Ricky's forehead, then told Ana, "Tiene fiebre. Voy traer poco hielo y un toalla." He has a fever. I will bring ice and towel. Samson quickly produced his washbasin and towel, then went downstairs and returned with an ice bucket full of ice. 

Ana immediately wrapped a few pieces of ice in the towel and rested on Ricky's forehead. He was still unconscious. 

Samson patted her on the shoulder, "El estara bien." He'll be fine. Then Samson went downstairs without another word. 

-----

"No... Dejame, no me puede salvar..." (No, leave me, you can't save me)

A hand shook her shoulder. 

"Ana, despertase!" Wake up!

Ana snapped awake, eyes wide with dread, but she calmed when her eyes focused and saw Ricky's eyes starring back at her only an arms length away. She was in the chair next to the bed. Ricky had sat up and had his hands on her arms. Upon seeing her eyes open, Ricky dropped his hands. 

She hugged him, hard, resting her chin on his shoulder, not wanting to ever let go. She felt his arms around her, holding her, protecting her, saving her. She wanted this moment to last. She wanted to believe she can be saved, but she knew it won't last. Nothing she loved lasted, but she could not tell him that, because he will die to protect her. He was already hurt because he protected her. 

She could not have his blood on her hands any more. 

She whispered back in English, "Feel better?" 

He whispered back, "Much better." 

She felt his warm skin under her fingers, his heat calming her. His fever had not completely subsided, and her hands felt the muscles and their tension. She inhaled his scent, slightly sweaty. 

She needed him even though it would not last. 

She tasted him. There's a little salt from the dried sweat. He sighed. 

She traced her fingers across his skin, lightly raked them across his back and his arms. Then she moved down to taste his chest, his nipples. He sighed again, and closed his eyes to enjoy the sensation. 

She shifted out of her seat and pushed him down to the bed, straddling him, with his feet still on the ground. His eyes flashed surprise, but did not otherwise react. 

She removed her T-shirt, then bent down to kiss him on the mouth this time. 

This time he held her arms to hold her away, "What are you doing?"

"I want to do something for you, like what you did for me last night." 

"I did it because I wanted to."

"Me too." 

Their eyes met, and this time, his hand went up, but she pushed his hand away. Sensing her need to take control, he rested his hands on the bed. She kissed him gently, then harder, fiercer. His mouth opened, inviting her tongue, and she followed. They kissed hungrily, needing each other, yet neither moved to go beyond the kiss.

She broke first. Her pulse and breathing are already spiked, and she treated to calm down... And to remove her sweatpants. 

She now wore nothing. 

She felt the his gaze upon her naked skin, and she reveled at the thought of his needs. 

She cupped his bulge with both hands, through his pants, feeling him stir. She unbuckled the belt and pulled his pants off, leaving it pooled around his ankle. 

He kept his hands on the bed, but his eyes smoldered with desire. She knew what he meant... She will take the lead. 

She cupped his bulge again, through merely one layer of cloth, and played with his sack. She can feel his body shudder. 

She climbed on top of him, resting her sex on his bulge, and started an undulating figure 8 motion with her hips, rubbing her sex against his member. 

She moved off and pulled off his boxer briefs. This time, he stopped her, and drew her face toward his. Anticipating his question, she took his hand toward a spot on her upper arm. He felt six rods under her skin, and immediately knew what they were. Norplant long-term contraceptive. 

He growled, "Rodrigo?" She just nodded. She could feel him tense under her, but she held his gaze and rubbed his chest until the tension subsided.

She held him, and felt his rock hard member in her hands. He did not move. 

She straddled him again, got him positioned so she can see into his eyes, and slowly lowered herself to take him into her. 

She held still, savoring the feel of him in her. She felt the fullness and the heat radiating from her core. She needed more, so she raised herself, until he was almost out, then lowered herself harder faster. She arched her back and closed her eyes, concentrated on her senses. She put one hand on her own nipples, the other on her clit and stroked, as she continued to raise and lower herself, harder, faster... but she was tired before she can come. 

Then she felt his hips started to move, started to pump into her. His hand covered hers over her clit, and started to stroke. The feel of his hands holding hers touching her clit, his hardness in her, and his other hand on her nipple sent her over the edge. Her inner muscles spasmed, and she felt he came inside her. She collapsed on him. 

He stroked her hair, and she purred contently. He kissed her and whispered in her ear, "Thank you. But can we do this again when we're not wounded?"

She chuckled into his shoulder. She only then noticed that it was already dark outside. They noticed that the noise from downstairs restaurant had quieted down. Ricky checked his watch... it's past 9PM. 

They got dressed. Ricky had to raid one of Samson's drawers. Just as they finished, Samson called from downstairs, "Sai-lo, hoi-fan-la."

Ricky lead Ana downstairs to the restaurant proper. Samson introduced the pair as his cousin from Cali, and his partner. The restaurant crew was down around a big table in the corner of the dining hall. Ana recognized Samson, then two other Chinese guys, then three locals, all male. Several plates of steaming food were on the table, with a large bowl of white rice being passed around. People had bowl or plate in front of them, then chopsticks or forks. She didn't recognize the entrees, but they all smelled amazing. 

Ricky lead her to two seats next to Samson. First he filled her tea cup with tea, then filled Samson's, then finally his own. He sensed her confusion, and explained as he pointed to each dish. Stir-fried beef with green peppers and black bean sauce, stir-fried string beans with thin slices of beef and soy sauce, stir-fried eggs w/ diced Chinese pork... 

Ricky served a portion of each entree to Ana, then to his own plate. Samson had already served himself. The entrees were on a lazy susan so Ricky just rotated until a different entree came into reach. Ana tried in vain to use chopsticks before reluctantly settled for a fork. While she had been in Chinese restaurants before, she had never came across these entrees before. She sampled each of the entrees, and every one made Ana's mouth water. The flavor and taste were exotic combinations of the strange and familiar, like green onions, and garlic, mixed with soy sauce and oyster sauce and other ingredients. She learned how to use the sauce from the food to add flavor to the rice and eat the entree with the rice a little at a time to savor the flavor together. 

After the meal is finished, Samson brought over a cart with couple container with soapy water where he stashed the dirty dishes. Ricky and Ana helped while the rest of the crew dispersed, off to rest for the next day. 

After the cart had been moved into the dishwashing area, Ana can hear Ricky and Samson chatting in that language, then Samson moved the butcher block in the kitchen so it hung on the wall. 

Samson said, "Sai-low, nei-go xiu-lum fei-doe yi-ga dim ah?" 

Ricky smiled, and replied, "Ma-ma-day-la." 

Samson produced a cloth satchel, which unfolded into a set of throwing knives. Ana watched in fascination. She had seen the throwing knife used once, by Ricky, and she had no idea that apparently Samson was his teacher. She silently observed them matching almost throw for throw, using different throwing techniques. Overhand, underhand, sideways, half-spin, full-spin, no spin... 

Samson and Ricky clapped each other on the back. They obviously had a good match. Ana's eyes misted, but she had no way back. 

Ricky came to Ana, and said "I'll contact the DEA liaison for emergency pickup. We need to get going." 

The preparations were a blur. Ana wore her cloths from the morning, and Ricky got a dark T-shirt and a dark puffer jacket with a hood to hide his weapons. Samson came up to say good bye when he noticed Ricky's throwing knife carrier was one short. Samson and Ricky went into rapid-fire exchange with a lot of ah's and oh's, then Samson dug in a drawer and handed Ricky a small bundle. Ricky unwrapped it. It was an unusual holster holding two blades, very very thin ones. Samson gestured Ricky to turn around, found some duct tape, and taped the holster behind Ricky's neck. Ricky tested his reach. He'd have no problem reaching for them in an emergency. 

Ricky thanked Samson and gave him his special ceramic throwing knife in exchange. 

Then Ricky lead Ana out the door as he waved goodbye to Samson after more staccato exchanges. 

Ricky lead Ana northeast to the restaurant area, borrowed a restaurant's phone to make a call to the emergency number, passed the proper code phrases for emergency extraction, and specified the extraction site in the park to the north, next to the Church Iglesia Madre de Las Misiones, called Parque Modelia Central. 

Ana can sense Ricky's tension, but they were holding hands like any couple on their night out. Except they made random left and right turns, making sure there was no tail. They said little. 

They made it to the park with 5 minutes to spare. They found a corner to the park and hid in the shadows. 

A white small SUV pulled up with 60 seconds of the properly assigned time, and flashed the headlight three times. They waited 15 seconds then Ricky lead Ana to run for the vehicle. Then suddenly Ricky pivoted right, pushed Ana back, and fired twice into the car without lights that roared up on them. 

Ana fell back, landed on her buttucks, and cried out in horror when Ricky went under the front of the vehicle, then that vehicle slammed into the rear of the parked vehicle. 

She scrambled on all fours to the wreck, and saw Ricky's hand visible from under the wreckage. She felt for his pulse. He was still alive. She heard another vehicle approach. She quickly pushed Ricky's hand into the shadows under the car. 

She stood up, as armed men surrounded her, and one of them fired a burst into the first car. 

Anna saw the last person she'd ever want to see emerge from the third vehicle. 
