 The rain fell in angry sheets now in vertical waves. Laura's windshield wipers could scarcely keep up with it all. Her headlights didn't cast much useful light as she sped down this back road to who knows where. None of this mattered much as she continued faster than she should have.

Her mind was leafing back through the pages of her lonely life as tears clouded her view even further. "Dumpy ol' Laura," she thought to herself. From first grade on she was the target for hecklers, male and female. Homely facial features, long flat black hair in the style of fundamentalists, and a very shy persona all added to the problems she now recalled.

The other kids always found a way to make fun of her; in groups, large and small and even individually sometimes. She was the class ugly duckling; the one the boys used to tease each other about being in love with.

Her parents, both dead now, probably loved her and did the best they could. They just couldn't express love very well. Anger and discipline always seemed to come out instead. 

As she grew older, things didn't improve the way her mother said they would. Her adult acquaintances were almost as heartless as her childhood peers were. They were more tactful, but often she caught them mid-sentence in some negative comment regarding some aspect of her being and they would stop talking and exchange knowing looks.

She hardly noticed the headlights behind her. They didn't matter either. Nothing mattered anymore. At thirty-one she had had enough. No more bullshit about things will change. Your dreams will come. Your prince will arrive." Bullshit! All bullshit!" her inner voice screamed.

Her foot pressed down even harder now on the accelerator. She couldn't see the speedometer needle through her tears, but she knew she was flying now. The wipers seemed to just give up the struggle too. Letting go of the wheel, she almost smiled as she closed her eyes and pushed her foot all the way to the floor.
 Ken could see the red glow of the taillights ahead, and was using them as a clue to any upcoming curves in the road. He thought this route home would be better than the interstate on a night like this. Now he wondered, as the rain began to change over to snow. Winter sometimes came early to this part of the country. This he knew all to well.

At first he thought it was a trick his eyes were playing on him in the blur of the snow/rain mix. The lights ahead suddenly began to move in small circles one above the other in a kind of slow motion dance. Then, the red lights vanished and were replaced momentarily by bright white lights. This exchange continued as he drew closer to the event and slowed down, coming finally to a stop with the now still light show to his right and down in the deep ravine below. "Damn!" he thought, "That guy sure paid a price for going so fast on these slippery roads!"

Ken pulled as far as he dared off the road, put his flashers on and slipped into his heavy winter coat as he exited the car. The slope was steep and slippery and he half ran, half slid down the side toward the twisted vehicle below, dodging trees, large and small, throughout his descent. Arriving at the driver's door he looked in through the window opening.

Laura was unconscious and sprawled across the front seats with her head hanging down toward the passenger side floor. Blood flowed generously from a two-inch gash just above her right eye. From Ken's position at the window it was very clear that this "guy" was, indeed, a woman. Her cotton dress, already soaked from the rain and snow coming in through the missing windshield, was up around her hips, exposing a scene that looked like a Victoria's Secret display.

In spite of the crisis at present, Ken felt the surge of his rapidly pumping blood begin to move to his pubic area. Laura's legs were bare at mid-thigh. She wore pastel stockings and matching garter belt, and he could just make out the damp crescent of her light blue panties in the dash board lights. She was not fat, but had a chubbiness to her that he found attractive. Forcefully he pushed the images out of his mind and proceeded to check for a pulse.

She still had a strong heartbeat, and he could hear her breathing as he placed his ear close to her nose and lips. He quickly pulled a clean bandana handkerchief from his pocket and pressed it firmly against the bleeding over her eye. The cold was getting more pronounced as he paused to contemplate his next move.

Ken was uncertain about moving her for fear of spinal injury. In near desperation he took a key and raked it from her heel to her toes on both feet. Both feet reacted to the stimulus. Carefully he felt her legs from toes to crotch looking for any broken bones. He found none. He continued his exploration until he was satisfied there were no broken bones to deal with, and he gently pulled her back up to a seated position next to him on the seat.

Ken grew more concerned about the possibility of head trauma as he reached for the cell phone clipped on his belt. Punching in 9-1-1 he was treated to that all to familiar sound of static and no dial tone. "Shit!" He cursed as he clipped the useless traitor back onto his belt.

The snow was beginning to add up now. One inch, maybe two was already covering the path he had taken down to her car. She started to shiver. He thought it was a combination of shock and the growing cold. She was soaking wet by now. Quickly he peeled off his coat and covered Laura's soft wet form, holding her close to his own warmer body.

There were no signs of traffic on the road above them. The storm was growing in intensity and he expected no one to be coming along this road anymore tonight. His thoughts raced. There was no emergency medical facility anywhere nearby. He checked the ID in her purse and found she was from out of state, ruling out taking her home to her place.

Left with these realities he opted to take her to his house, only a few minutes from here. He could use the landline phone to call for help for her and she would be in a warmer dryer place.

The journey back to the top of the ravine was like a trip up Mt. Everest in the driving snow. Ken was concerned about dropping Laura or causing further injury with the movements. Now as he placed her in the reclining passenger seat of his waiting car, he gasped for breath. Laura began to shiver again as they headed onto the highway toward Ken's place. The bleeding above her eye had slowed, but it didn't stop.

No one ran to greet them as they left the vehicle and entered the log house Ken had built on this 2 acre wooded lot nestled in next to the state park lands that surrounded him in all directions. He lived alone now. His wife left years ago to seek her fortune with an acquaintance of theirs. The warmth of his house was greeting enough for him right now.

He carried Laura to his bedroom carefully placing her there, then stopping to catch his breath a moment. She was soaked through to the bone and shivering like a frightened kitten. Going to the bathroom closet, Ken grabbed an armload of bath towels and quickly threw them in the dryer and turned it on. The sound of the blower joined the concert of pelting snow against his window, filling the room with sleepy white noise.

Returning to Laura at the bed, Ken began the task of getting her out of her wet clothes, trying not to notice her softness and quiet beauty as he worked. The bare area between her stocking tops panties had a mottled blotchy look from the cold. She had goose bumps all over as her system fought to restore its core temperature.

Ken continued his noble effort to remain detached as he removed her stockings. The garter belt definitely got his attention. He hadn't seen many of these. He cherished this picture as he unbuttoned the many buttons on her dress and slipped it from her arms and shoulders and gently pulled it out from under her shivering body.

He got another unexpected jolt when he viewed the lacy bra she wore. It matched the rest of her dainty under clothing and he could feel that familiar rush to his member again in spite of himself. He felt a little ashamed as he feasted on the sight of her exposed breasts and nipples. The nipples stood out stark and proud, mainly from the cold he presumed.

The sound of the dryer alarm brought him back to the task at hand. He rushed to retrieve the hot towels. He returned and whispered his apologies to her as he removed the her lacy panties, leaving her wonderfully naked to his appreciative eyes.

With one hot towel he began to dry her carefully from head to toes. As he did her feet he got a precious look between her slightly parted vaginal lips and his breathing quickened again. Her black pubic hair, moist and matted from the soaking, matched the black hair on her head but for the curl to the pubic hair.

Lovingly but with honest regrets at the loss of the view, he placed several of the hot towels around her naked soft body and then covered her more with the bed blanket and sheet. The bleeding on her head was a mere trickle now. He cleaned it and got a bandage to secure over it.

The storm didn't back off a bit but grew now in fury. The wind was making the house roar and the snow sounded like sand as it pelted the windows. Ken built a fire in the fireplace and made some coffee. While the drip coffee maker gurgled its way to a full pot, Ken tried the phone. No luck. The damn thing was dead as a can of tuna. He tried his cell phone again but it was still useless as the box it came in.

He grabbed a cup of coffee, checked he fire and returned to Laura's side. He was a little worried. What if she had a serious head injury or something…?

Picking up his guitar he began to play some quiet strands from various blues tunes. He didn't think this would disturb her in her present state of unconsciousness. It didn't. His gaze was fixed on her face. She looked like mature woman and vulnerable little girl all at the same time. "Wow!" he thought. She is so beautiful. " Please let her be okay." he petitioned to no one in particular.

The muffled groan she made startled him back to wakefulness. He must have dozed off a bit he thought as he checked his watch. It was after midnight now. She groaned again and moved her head slightly to face his direction. Her eyes opened suddenly as if she were startled. She was. 

"What happened? Where am I? Who are you?" All of these questions fired toward him in a barrage. 

"Do you remember the accident?" he asked her first. Her eyes searched the inside of her head for a moment and she remembered. She felt a little embarrassment and shame as she recalled what she had tried to do.

"Oh, yes." She replied after a pause.

He continued, telling her of their ordeal so far. He asked her if she was in any pain. She said she hurt all over.

"I'm not surprised." He responded. "You took quite a ride." She fell silent for a time and traced all the features of this stranger's face, shoulders, arms, working till her survey was complete. She really liked what she saw. More than that, she sensed a sincere gentleness about him she never knew in anyone before. He had the demeanor of someone who had seen it all, done it all, and was no longer easily impressed about the things of life. She felt something else too but didn't want to even open herself up to more hurt, so she stuffed that feeling immediately.

"I need to use the bathroom." she said to him as she started to get up. As she moved, it finally occurred to her that she was naked but for the towels and bed covers. 

"Did you undress me?" she asked in her best admonishing tone. "Well, yes." he stammered. "You were soaked and freezing! I had to do something…!" She had never even kissed a man (or boy) let alone been naked in front of one. It felt strangely good to know he had seen her nakedness. She dwelled on that while she wrapped the blanket around herself and followed his directions to the facility.

While she sat there on the open throne, the lights suddenly went out and the house grew void of any "inside" noises. "Did you do that?" she queried. "Nope" he replied, "the power must have gone out."

The only light she could see was coming from the fireplace as she came out of the bathroom to where he waited like a faithful guard dog.

She began her return trip to the bedroom when suddenly she slipped on the cold wood floor. Reaching out to catch her self, the blanket fell to the floor leaving her naked in the soft firelight. He reflexively grabbed for her to attempt to catch her before she fell to the floor. He succeeded. In the process, his hands found themselves one on her breast and one on her waist. 

She was soft and warm now and her flesh yielded slightly where he held her. She looked up at him and made no move to pull away or remove his hands. It was he that moved first. His hands slid around to encircle her waist and he gently pulled her toward him. His hands moved again, firmly, slowly up her back and cradled her head and neck. Small goose bumps rose on her flesh from top to bottom as he covered her lips with his a kissed her long, slowly and ever so gently.

Her head seemed to spin just a little as her lips parted to give him access to her mouth and tongue. Except for the dull headache she loved the feelings that rushed into and over her. The feel of his shirt and jeans against her exposed front made her tingle. So this was what she had missed for so long…!

He moved slightly to the side and before she knew it she was off the floor and in his arms headed for the bedroom. There wasn't an ounce of protest in her as he lay her down on the bed and joined her there still locked at the lips.

It was her turn to move. She took his shirt off and threw it to the floor without breaking the lengthening chain of kisses they were building. With an admittedly inexperienced hand she also managed to remove his jeans and briefs so they could join his shirt on the floor.

Ken thought this might be a dream. He hoped to never wake up. Laura's softness and warmth worked their way deep into his chest, thighs, arms and his raging erection as she turned to face him even more directly there on the bed.

Laura had three erections taking place; one on each nipple, and one at her engorged clit. She had never felt or even imagined the sensations that were rippling through her body at this moment.

Ken's mouth kissed its way down to engulf one of the erect nipples. Laura let out a long moaning gasp as she felt the attention there. His tongue flicked around and around the elongated tip as he gently sucked.

Hairs all up and down the back of Laura's neck began to respond in waves of little shivers. The goose bumps were back. She wasn't cold this time. She felt his hand massage its way between her legs and she moved them apart to allow him access. She jumped slightly as his fingers began to probe the well-lubricated area and her lips parted to greet him. 

Ken savored the silky feel of her inner lips and caressed the clit with fleeting little touches of circular motion. Close to his ear he heard her gasp again and a long low "Ooohh!" got him even more excited. Her hips began to move up, then down, then up again in an increasing tempo.

He kissed her lips again, then her neck. He nestled his face in along side of her neck and began nibbling there as her head tilted back on the pillow.

Reaching down, Laura took hold of Ken's member. "Whoa, this is certainly more than enough to get the job done!" she thought.

She let her hand and fingers slide up and down the throbbing shaft a couple of times then placed its wet tip at her entrance, moving it in a couple of small preliminary circles.

Ken could take no more. He took the hint and began to press gently but relentlessly farther into her while rolling on top for better control.

Laura's knees came up and spread wide and her feet remained flat on the sheets, affording even better access for Ken as he worked his way deeper and deeper into her tightness. He worked in and out several times before finally resting at maximum depth, her vaginal walls hugging him like a warm wet sleeve.

Laura opened her eyes to find herself gazing straight into Ken's. He paused the motion below, momentarily, and just looked deep into her soul; in no particular hurry to complete what they had begun. She saw in his eyes something she had never seen in any other eyes. She saw herself. More than this, she saw herself not as the homely, ugly duckling she knew all of her life, but someone of beauty and worth; someone valued and admired. The small tear escaping from the corner of her eye was overpowered by the broad smile that stretched her lips. She kissed him again and held him so tightly she thought his back would break.

Returning the hug Ken began to move his hips in small pressing circles. Laura's lips broke away from his as she gasped another approving sigh.

There was a sensation of gaining altitude as they continued to build in excitement. The thrusting was complete now as Ken pulled back to the very entrance of her, then plunged all the way back to the deepest regions. The tip of his member brushed her G-spot, a spot she never knew she had. Her building climax escalated intensely as they continued.

Laura's feet thrust high in the air now, an invitation to penetrate even deeper if that were possible. Her hands wrapped around Ken's bouncing cheeks and drew him in farther with each inward cycle.

Ken's toes and knees bit into the sheets as he began to climax with a long low moan. Laura's voice joined his as they sang their passionate duet until both were completely spent.

Their perspiration mingled as they once again looked into each other's eyes, but they remained locked together as Laura lowered her legs to wrap them around Ken's calves.

Ken lay there somewhat astonished; not only at what they had both experienced, but also at the feelings he had right now. Usually, shortly after climaxing with a woman, he honestly felt the urge to escape. Other things to do, other places to be would usually rush into his consciousness; not so this time. He wanted nothing better than to stay here with her. He wanted her to stay here with him, not just now, but all the time. Did he dare even wish for such a thing?

A strange, almost little boy voice spoke his wishes. "Laura, will you stay here with me?"

Laura burst into sobs and tears making Ken think he had really blown it for asking. Then he saw the large smile beneath her tears as she said, "Only if you tell me your name."