 The night air is cool, but cleansing as you take deep breaths, feeling invigorated and energized. You walk slowly down the darkened street, past a laundry mat that is open until 1 a.m. according to the sign. You glance into the window and watch as you see me holding up a pair of red thong panties. I fold them slowly with care, smoothing them gently with my long well manicured nails. I pick up a pair of lavender lace panties with black trim and fold them with the same care as the other pair. Slowly licking my sensual lips, I pick up my favorite black see through nightie and hold it against my body. As I turn towards the window I notice you standing with your hands pressed against the glass. Smiling with amusement, I hold the nightie the way it would cover my body, letting you take notice that it has nipple cut outs. Glancing over I can tell you are paying close attention. 

I hear the door open and see you walk in slowly with a smile, and a hard on. I nod and continue folding my lovely garments I look over to the far corner and make sure the elderly attendant is still sleeping soundly, soap opera digest still gripped in her hands. You walk past me to the candy machine and I silently follow you, then stand behind you as you pretend to make a selection. Leaning forward, I put my chin on your shoulder and feel your body stiffen as I press against your back, allowing you to feel my rock hard nipples through the thin black shirt I am wearing. 

*whispering* 

"Bet I am sweeter than anything there."

Walking off, I can sense you following me as I return to the corner alcove , back to the folding table. I sit on the table, placing my laundry in a basket pretending not to notice you. You make your presence known by stroking my cheek and tilting my face up to meet your gaze. I smile as you lean forward and give me a soft, that becomes more passionate, more intense. I feel your tongue part my lips, then slide into my mouth to explore and tease my own tongue.

I wrap my arms around you pressing your body tightly against mine. You grasp my thighs firmly with strong fingers and slowly part them. My chest heaves as your hands explore my breasts, then roams across my stomach, stroking my hips, your mouth still devouring mine. You slide your hands between my thighs and I gasp as I feel your finger tips quickly pass over my pussy, I moan and press forward with urgent need. You pull back and with a smile slowly shake your head no. Impatiently I reach out to touch your hard cock, but again you shake your head and hold my hand back. With a smile you slowly pull my short skirt down and off, leaving me in my heels, thigh high black lace stockings and black silk thong panties. You slowly remove my shirt, then my black lace bra, allowing my soft tits to spring free. They bounce and sway as you lay me back on the table, tweaking my hard peach nipples, rolling them between your fingers.

Breathing in gasps, I close my eyes and swallow hard, my back arching as you tweak my nipples harder, squeezing and kneading them expertly with your large hands.. I feel r one hand roaming across my body while the other pulls my panties down slowly, then off. You smell them, inhaling deeply of the wet juices then wink as you put them in your pocket. Starting at my ankle, you kiss your way up my inner thigh, I can feel your tongue through the lace stockings, licking and sucking my skin. Your lips set my flesh ablaze as you trail your tongue up my inner thigh. With your fingers, you part my wet, needy pussy, quickly flicking finger tips across my clit. 

I cry out and buck my hips as you flick your tongue across my clit then suck it into your hungry mouth. I can see the old lady wake and look around, but quickly nod back off. You bury your face into my wet, tight pussy, your mouth clamping down on my clit, sucking and biting, I thrust my hips riding your face hard and fast. My chest heaves as you start driving your tongue deep and hard into my hot pussy hole, I feel your fingers start to trace my ass hole, then a finger thrusts in as you tweak my clit. I cry out sitting up at the same time. I see the old lady wake up, yawns sleepily, then put on a radio headset. You drive your tongue deeper, and I cum hard, my body trembling and my hips thrusting upward, filling your face and mouth with my juices. Shaking and gasping for air, you kiss me deep allowing me a generous taste of my own honey as you thrust your tongue once again deep into my mouth. I realize your finger is still in my ass, as you start to thumb my clit and suck my nipples. You suck one then the other, burying your fingers deep, I gasp then cum again as you bite my nipple and tug it with your teeth.

You pull me down from the table and press me against the wall tummy first. I hear you unzip, then feel your cock rubbing across my ass and then my dripping pussy. I lean back against you as you lift my one foot off the floor and prop it on the edge of a chair, spreading my legs wide. You stroke my pussy while you thrust your hard cock in deep , lifting me off the floor. I moan out as you thrust again , holding me secure and tight against your body, again you thrust deeper. Your fingers tweak my clit and stroke across my ass as you thrust harder and faster, lifting me off the floor each time. I cry out, for more, and you oblige, thrusting so hard my face presses against the wall I moan but say nothing, thrusting my body against yours. Your cock throbs in my hungry hole, your balls tighten as you increase the pace. I hear you moan and feeling your body tremble as you wrap your fingers in my hair, "Cum for me, cum hard on my cock, Now!" 

Thrusting so hard I lose my breath then get slammed fully against the wall as you explode in my aching pussy. I reach back to grasp your hips, pumping you into me deeper. You slowly pull you cock out and turn me around, guiding me into the chair. As you squirt the last of your hot cum across my face and tits I lick your twitching cock, sucking the cream as it gushes all over me. You stroke my hair as I lick your cum from my face, fingers, and tits, then I lick you clean. You lean down and kiss me as you zip up. With a smile, you hand me a card with your number. And simple say "Tomorrow night we do my laundry" With a wink you turn and leave, withdrawing my panties from your pocket and smelling them as you walk out the door.