 The basement laundry room was empty, for once-but then, most of the building's residents fought over the five machines on the weekends, but on a Tuesday night, there was often no one to be seen. Still, Leah hastened to move the wet clothes from the washer to the dryer, feeling a bit self-conscious about the minimal amount of clothing she was wearing. Since it was laundry night, she'd stripped off her work clothes when she got home, and pulled on a pair of thin sweats and a t-shirt, not bothering with panties or bra. The t-shirt-she realized as she bent down to open the first dryer-was a bit too tight and a bit too low-cut. Her breasts were nearly falling out of the shirt-not uncommon for her 38DD tits-but this was a communal laundry room and she barely knew her neighbors. 

At that moment, Leah heard the elevator door open and someone approach. She looked up to see a really attractive guy holding a box of fabric softener sheets. His eyes moved slowly up Leah's body, stopping at her chest a moment before he looked up at her face and smiled. "Hey," he said, in a low, lazy voice. "How's it going?" 

Leah blushed, turning her upper body away from his gaze, and replied, "Okay thanks-how 'bout you?" 

Not bothering to answer, he leaned against a washing machine, grinning and watching her move her wet clothes into two dryers. Leah could feel a flush spread up her neck. She stole a quick glance at him, getting even redder. He was tall and athletic, with light brown hair, blue eyes, and the sexiest smile she'd seen in a long time. He wore a pair of dark blue sweats and a gray t-shirt, with flip-flops on his feet. Leah could see the edge of his plaid boxers peeking over the waistband of his sweats. Surprising herself, all she could think about was moving over to him to run her fingers along and inside the elastic band of his sweatpants.

Seconds ticked by and he just leaned against the machine, grinning, watching her move her clothes from washer to dryer. In the transfer, a pair of panties fell silently to the floor. Leah didn't notice them drop until the guy reached down to pick them up. He stood there, behind her, her wet panties dangling from his long fingers. 

"You dropped something," he whispered, leaning in close behind her so that his mouth brushed her right ear, and she could feel his hip against her ass. Leah froze, unsure what to do, then turned slightly to take the panties from his hand. Just then, he dropped his hand under her breast, and gently nudged her back from the dryer door so he could toss the panties inside. 

Instead of moving away, though, he left his arm around her body, her full, soft breast resting heavily against the hard bicep. Leah could feel the heat of his body, and felt herself reddening, unsure what to do. "Thanks," she could barely manage to say, feeling his hand now moving across her belly, toying with the waistband of her sweats in the way she imagined playing with his. Her breathing was shallow, her heart racing. She could feel his hard body against hers, shifting slightly until he was directly behind. 

His free hand moved to softly caress her ass. "Yeah, can't lose those, or you'll be left with none, I guess," he teased, feeling her naked behind through the thin sweats. "That could lead to all kinds of trouble, don't you think?" he asked, his voice soft, sultry, and playful. 

"Trouble? What kind of trouble?" she teased right back. "You mean like some stranger coming up behind me, running his hands all over my ass?" 

"Yeah, something like that...you never know," he said, continuing his caresses. "Unless you like that kind of thing." 

"Well, I don't know," she answered. "I've never had that happen before. What else might he do?" 

He smiled, and pulled her closer to his body, his hand momentarily stopping its explorations. Leah loved the feel of his strong arms wrapped around her, and wanted his hand to continue its caresses. Instead, she felt him lift his hand away from her. Before she had a chance to react, though, she felt it return to the small of her back-this time, gently stretching the sweats down as his warm hand moved against her bare skin. 

"Oh!" she moaned softly, feeling his hand slip inside the back of her pants, his fingers teasing the line of her ass, gently kneading the globes of her ass as he wriggled closer behind her. 

"Like that?" he whispered, his strong fingers moving downwards, cupping and rubbing her skin. 

"Oh yeah..." she responded, her body feeling weak in his embrace, wondering what he was going to do next. She didn't have long to wait: his hand moved up and out, to be replaced almost instantly with his semi-soft cock. He stood pressed against her, his long, thick and veiny cock resting inside her sweats, nestled against the crack of her ass, gently pulsing as he held her tight. 

"Oh my God," thought Leah, a low moan escaping her lips. She felt his lips against her ear. "Like that, babe?" he purred. 

"Oh my God, yes," she moaned, barely able to answer him. She lifted herself up on her toes, allowing his tremendous cock to slip further down between her thighs, her ass cheeks rubbing against his length, eliciting a small sigh from him. Leah could feel the head of his cock against her pussy, which was so wet she was sure there must be a telltale stain on the front of her sweats. He gently moved back and forth, almost imperceptibly rubbing against her, causing her to moan again and squeeze her thighs together. He moaned too, his left arm wrapping around her and both hands moving up under her t-shirt to play with her aching nipples. 

Leah could barely hold on, so aroused by this guy she felt that she could orgasm any minute. As his fingers toyed with her hard nipples, rolling and gently stretching them, she moved against him, desperate to feel him rubbing against her swollen lips and clit. As his cock stiffened, it pressed up harder against her pussy, sending Leah right over the edge. 

Her body shook with the orgasm as she let out a muffled cry, her mouth pressed against the swell of her breast so the whole building wouldn't hear her. He held her tight, smiling wickedly, still playing with her tits. 

"All better?" he teased, knowing how ridiculous a query that was-he could feel her coming against him, her moisture flooding the head of his cock, mixing with the pre-cum he knew was dripping out of him. His hands cupped her breasts under her shirt, his large hands warm and soft against her skin.

Leah caught her breath, and smiled. "Not yet," she panted. She reached into the front of her pants, and spread her moist folds with her fingers, rubbing against the thick head of his cock as she readied herself. She could feel him there, poised, ready. With one push, Leah raised her hips forward and felt him slide deep into her warmth. 

"Ohhhh..." they moaned in unison, his long, thick cock settling itself deep inside of her. He gripped her hips, moving gently in and out with long, slow strokes, the veins on his cock rubbing against her inner walls, driving her wild with desire. 

"Oh...much better!" he murmured, directly into Leah's ear. His tongue traced her lobe, sucking gently. Leah melted, pushing down onto his rock-hard cock as it plunged deeper into her. She could feel his pubic hair tickling her pussy lips-every bit of him felt incredible, she thought to herself. She wiggled her ass against him, grinding down onto his cock, smiling as she heard his moan of delight. 

"You're going to make me come, baby," he whispered, almost breathlessly, picking up his stroke a bit. "You want me to come inside of you?"

Leah met his strokes, pressing herself against him as he pushed deeper into her. She could feel her second orgasm building-his cock filled her completely, and she didn't want it to end, but she couldn't last much longer without totally losing control. She pushed harder against him, grinding her ass against his pubic bone. 

"I can't hold on much longer-you're driving me crazy," he nearly cried, holding her tighter and plunging faster and harder into her. 

Leah's breaths came in short bursts-her body felt flushed, her nipples were aching. She was nearly there, and wanted to feel him explode inside her. She reached down and pulled his hand to her breast, and he responded immediately, teasing the rock-hard nipples and squeezing. Leah moaned, just about to lose herself in the orgasm, when she felt his cock twitching, ready to blow. He pushed hard into her, holding deep inside of her, his fingers pulling at her left nipple as his orgasm hit. Leah felt him release a river of thick, warm come inside of her. The sensation was so strong, she erupted in her own orgasm, shuddering around his still-pulsing cock. 

They stayed together that way, breathing heavily, flushed and nearly dizzy with the excitement, for what felt like forever to Leah. After a few moments, he eased out of her, his cock still half-hard, and dripping wet. 

Leah leaned against the dryer, catching her breath. Turning around to face him, she watched him tuck his cock back into his pants, both of them grinning. He leaned into her, his strong arms on either side of her body, resting against the dryer. Leah wrapped her arms around his waist, and pulled him closer. 

"You're lucky no one came down to do laundry," she laughed. "What got you into such a naughty mood?" 

He grinned back, and leaned down to kiss her. "The thought of you, down here, without your panties. When I saw you forgot the fabric softener sheets, I figured I'd bring them down to you...and see if I could take advantage of you at the same time." 

Leah tapped him lightly on the ass, laughing. "You did, huh? Well, you know what happens to naughty boys, don't you, Matthew?" 

"No, what?" he asked, innocently, pulling away from her to sit on top of the dryer. 

Moving his legs aside to close the door, Leah started the dryer, grabbed the box of softener sheets, and started towards the elevator. Looking back over her shoulder at Matt still sitting there grinning at her, she smiled and said, "C'mon-I have 45 minutes of drying time to show you."