 It became a regular routine for me to do my laundry every Sunday. The laundry room of my two bedroom apartment consisted of two pairs of washers and dryers; whirlpool brand no less. Three cushioned chairs and a sturdy, bolted to the cold concrete tiled floor folding table. Originally I moved in with on my own, months later my sister moved in and we...well had a great time together for about six months before she left. That was a month ago. Now it was just me and my Sunday laundry routine.

One Sunday I decided to sit and read a book waiting for my laundry to finish. A little stuffy in the no windowed closed off room. As I waited, the door swung open and a woman walked in. Blue-black hair, blue-black make up. She wore a black shirt and a black dress that ran the length of her ankles in back and stopped at her lower thighs in front. She stood at roughly five feet one inch with 36C breasts at minimum and an ass to match it. She looked like a cute gothic Lolita which grabbed my attention instantly. It helped that I was wearing my gothic black and white pants. She eyed me for a full moment and started emptying her hamper into the washer. 

Our conversations were average, simple at first. How long have you lived here? Where did you live prior? How old are you? That sort of stuff. In the time that it took for our laundry to finish we had talked and conversed more than I had on any first date. 

"See you around?" She asked.

"Absolutely Malley." I said. 

Well I did see her around, every single Sunday for the next month. We would talk more and more and ask deeper questions. By the third Sunday I was asking if she was single. She was in fact. While she changed washer to dryer and turned around I met her and kissed her. A small kiss which evolved into a deep passionate kiss. That was all that happened on the third Sunday. 

During the next Sunday I arrived wearing shorts and a T-shirt. Both were looking a little ragged. Malley walked in with booty shorts and a tank top and a bra that I was sure her breasts were about to go flying out of. We talked about our week a little and when I changed my laundry out and sat down Malley got up straddled over me and we made out. Deep heavy kissing. Our tongues intertwined and lips separated only when I kissed her neck or her open chest. Her skin was soft and sweet and unblemished.

The following Sunday she had arrived before me and was just starting the laundry. After I put mine in she attacked me. She pushed me roughly against the hollow wall, pulled off my ragged shorts and started stroking my cock. Her hands were warm and soft and gentle as she stroked my stiffening cock. Slowly her mouth wrapped around my cock sucking gently and then harder. Tongue turned and twisted over the shaft. I groaned as her free hand caressed my loose testicles. 

We changed out our laundry and she yelped with surprise as I took her by the thighs and tossed her onto the folding table and ripped away her booty shorts and started eating her out. Her pussy unfolded like a flower for me. I ran my tongue up the middle of her pussy and attacked her clitoris with rough tongue and lips. Sucking at it and vigorously licking it. I licked and took each of her labia into my mouth sucking it gently. Malley grabbed at her hair.

"Oh hell." She moaned. "Oh please don't stop." She whined. Her hips jostled as her orgasmed climaxed and with a firm hand I pressed her down into the table and she climaxed. With her body sensitive after I ran my down down her pussy and down her sphincter and over her anus. She whined and I did that another few times.

The next Sunday I didn't have quite as many clothes to do but still I went. Malley coincidentally didn't have a much of a laundry load. So we combined it. She was slightly sullen and when I asked her why she broke down in tears.

"This isn't sexy at all." She cried, mascara running down her face. 

I insisted she explain what was the matter. She told me that her mother was rather sick and her brother wouldn't move in to help take care of their mother. During the whole laundry day we talked about our childhood and we folded our laundry there and talked about it all.

"Thanks for listening. It really helped." She said. And kissed me tenderly in the lips. 

The next Sunday she was in a better mood since her mother was getting better and her brother had moved in after much debate. 

"Thanks for listening. It means a lot and I-" 

"I'm always here to lend a hand and an ear." I said. 

She attacked me with viscous passion. Our lips met and tongues met. My lips pulled away and drifted to her neck kissing gently. Her neck flexed and I couldn't help it. I opened my mouth and bit down on her neck. She groaned and whined. I pulled away nervous. Her eyes were wide and breath ragged.

"Do that. Again." She said and so I did. Leaving dark red and purple hickies on her neck. I dove head first pulling away her shirt and bra and started attacking her breasts and nipples. Sucking and licking and biting until Malley could take no more. By that time I had left over a dozen bruises which seemed to turn her on more. 

We gathered our laundry and she motioned to wave goodbye but I took her wrist and led her to my apartment. Tossing the laundry to the floor I grabbed her, carried her in my arms and threw her to my bed which was a low to the floor bed. I waited for nothing and no one as I stripped away every article of clothing on her until She an all her spectacular beauty was naked before me. At this point she had never seen me naked. Not even once fully. I went to the gym every day, especially after meeting her and I was a man of solid muscle and she liked it. 

I attacked her pussy with passion until she gushed cum and then attacked her anus with my tongue which she hadn't expected but she obviously enjoyed it from the amount of moans and her pussy and sphincter flexed causing more juices to flow. I moved away taking a condom from my drawer and slid it on. Malley reached out and stopped me shaking her head quickly. 

"I want to feel...you. I trust you and you can trust me. It's safe." She said and leaned back with legs open. I tossed the condom aside.