 It seemed a simple question when I went to the door. I'd called for pizza to be delivered and this kid was there with the box still hot from the oven.

He held the box back and read me the charge including added delivery fee that went entirely to the store. I knew it and so added two dollars for him.

As I paid him I heard him say "This is my last delivery for the night. Are you going to eat a large pizza by yourself?"

He'd probably assumed since I was in a small apartment that I must live there alone and he was right.

"Well I worked late and I'm famished. Everything I don't eat will go for my lunch at work tomorrow." I answered and handed him the money.

I took the box and headed back to a table in the kitchen. I didn't hear the door opening again.

I'm into my thirties and was in a shortie gown only an hour from bed and I should have been more attentive but I really was tired and hungry.

I put the pizza box on the table and then I must have heard a noise because I turned around. The kid had his pants off and was grinning as he stepped very close.

I've said he was a kid and yet he must have just turned nineteen or twenty I'd assumed but what I saw wasn't the equipment of a young kid. It was in his hand and enormous. I started to tell him to go away but my eyes returned to what he was holding and I couldn't talk.

"I have the rest of your dinner and it's still hot from delivery." he whispered.

Suddenly my taste for pizza was gone and yet I was famished for something else. I'd never been with a guy this age and certainly never one that was hung like this guy and he was offering it all to me.

It had been a long eighteen months since my last serious date where I'd had such a chance and my body knew it. Now my body was craving it and telling me not to complain but to just let things happen. My tongue swept my dry lips and he smiled as he shook it for me.

"I delivered your pizza last time too but never saw you ready for bed. I've wondered if you'd call back again and I've craved your body. It seemed you must be here alone last time too." he said with a hungry look to his eye.

My chin followed downward as he approached and I was unable to look away. My hand suddenly itched and then burned to touch it. I've always had a fascination for men and the way it grows firm and hard then when their body telegraphs interest and need it has always captured me and I love to fondle and work it. The way it behaves and the need that grows within it seems to control a man and drives me crazy at times and this was possibly one of those moments.

He settled my distraction by grabbing my hand and putting it on him. It was as hard as any I'd known and perhaps harder. It was also hot in my hand as I closed my fingers around it and I was unable to control myself as I moaned aloud.

One hand wouldn't surround it and so I moved my other in to complete the circle as I felt it pulsing and moving in my hands.

He'd released it and now his hands were busy on my breasts. One hand had found a nipple and was rolling it as his other found my ass and I felt it clench tightly as he pulled me against him.

"You've heard of the pizza delivery boy that girls want? I'm him and I want you." he whispered as his lips closed on my neck and then a moment later I felt his bite. The sudden pain mixed with his touch everywhere and my hands filled with him were too much as I melted ready for anything he wanted.

"Taste my cock and prepare me for more." he whispered hoarsely into my ear.

He held my ass as I slipped to my knees until he finally had to release it. It was magnificent, pink and proud. My mouth was perfectly aligned for what I needed and I kissed it as I loosened my hands and began exploring. I felt his pulse in my hand and against my tongue as I began preparation. His hands pleasantly massaged my neck and shoulders.

I stroked it with my tongue then circled it as my thumb worked his scrotum. His balls were huge in my hand and my thoughts never touched the difference in our ages. I was consumed with need of it and as I ran my tongue over a nearly purple engorged head I was ready only for one thing and my hunger showed me what to do next.

It barely fit my mouth and yet it belonged there and suddenly he knew it too as his body began driving into it and his hands grasped my head to manipulate and control it.

I have no gag reflex and on his fifth or sixth thrust he had passed it stretching my throat near its limit as it slid in and down. A man had never been so deep into my throat before but it seemed to belong there as I let him work and I tried merely to keep him there as I tightened my lips around it and did my best to use my tongue and suck. "You're... you're... you're taking it all... I've never known a Babe that could take all... of me." he stuttered. "Keep it up... and you'll have everything... all of it... I'm going to..." but then he wasn't able to finish with words as he did manage it "Are you ready?" or I think that was what he'd said.

I was only able to communicate "mmm hmmm." as I followed each thrust deep and he released in perfect rhythm at maximum entry.

I'd tasted the sweet release that usually precedes a man's full climax and the taste always causes me to climax. His was sweeter than usual I thought, but perhaps it was just his age that made it that way.

Now though he was obviously either unable to control it, he had needed it for far too long, or I excited him too much because it seemed only a minute or two before he was giving me what I needed. He was young but extremely fertile or something because he filled me again and again and I couldn't count them as I worked to keep from drowning and worked to get air through my nostrils. I'd partially circled it with a finger and thumb and found myself again synchronized to a man's thrusts with my mouth while each worked my throat.

I can tell when a man is going to complete. His body telegraphs his need and his status and I follow with peak effort where he needs it most, then even as he begins to wind down I can tell when he's nearing his last shots so I can pull back to feel and taste those final moments of reward as I sweep my tongue past its source and he fills my mouth with salty sweetness.

I'm not complaining and I enjoyed it all more than anything I'd known but for an instant it frightened me because I hadn't known any man could yield so much and so mightily.

As finally he slowed, I sucked and milked it to work free the remaining drops, I felt the heat within me and it was the best.

I was a little bummed because it had come to an end so quickly but as I cleaned it I noticed for the first time that he was a guy that stayed hard afterwards.

My head was still swimming when I felt him leaning over me and then a moment later felt my gown sliding up and over my shoulders. I opened my eyes just to watch the gown thrown to the side and rest in a pile on the floor. I was naked now.

He truly seemed a kid now as he held it in his hand and managed to whisper "What do you think of it? I'm bigger than other guys but I don't get a chance to show it very much. Your titties are beautiful and some day I'd like to stroke them with it."

He was smiling proudly as he shook it up and down again before smiling at me. "I didn't know a girl could swallow all of it like you just did. I guess it's because I've only known girls before. You're the first woman I've had go down on me. Do you want to go for everything now?" he said with a proud kid's smile.

"Do you think you can help me up and then help me somewhere to lie down?" I said with my own version of a satisfied smile.

"Oh yeh!" he said and put his hands under my arms and lifted me. He was a lot stronger than he looked I thought as I gained my feet.

He'd groaned a little as he lifted me and then said "You're heavier than I thought you were but its okay because I like large girls. Larger girls have bigger tits and I like tits a lot but I also like to know that when a big girl moves I can feel her moving. The little ones just seem to be too small for me and some of them can't even get my dick in their mouth." he said matter-of-factly.

His limited maturity was obvious now and even though he had more than the equipment of a man he still had a lot of growing and social maturing to do I thought as I led him toward my bedroom. Perhaps I could teach him.

I sat on the bed and finished undressing him then held it and kissed it again.

"How many girls have you been with?" I asked.

"A bunch of them." he said and when I looked at him questioningly he paused and then added "Actually two of them but they liked my dick." he confided.

I laughed and then said "I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing at the fact they liked this." I said as I shook it for him.

He relaxed and I said "Tell me about them." but didn't wait as I pulled him onto the bed and forced him onto his back.

I climbed up too and in a minute I swung my leg over his knees and leaned down to prepare him for our next adventure. He might have thought I was going to give him another blowjob as I labored over it but I was only preparing him for more.

His heart was beating fast and solid against my lips and tongue when I finally pulled away against his hands that had returned to my head.

"Oh no!" I said. "We're going to do something else this time." and I crawled forward and worked him between my wet lower lips and used that swollen head to sweep my clit. I climaxed four or five times as I prepared before I moved it into position. It was wet and ready for me.

My eyes were locked to his as I settled slowly over it and felt myself being expanded to the limit. I thought before promising myself "This is going to be fun and new but I'm going all the way for it." His hands had found my 'Love Handles' and he was working with me.

I hadn't invited him into my apartment and certainly didn't suggest he get half-naked and surprise me but I also didn't encourage any of the prior physical excitement he'd demonstrated when I'd turned around.

But after seeing it and finding him behind me I was no different than any woman confronted with such a masterpiece, or so I thought. Any woman or girl with a love and fondness for sex would have been as overcome as me with her need. I did suck his dick then and now I surprised myself by using his word for it in my thoughts.

I suppose dick isn't a word I'd usually have chosen from my vocabulary, or even thought, but now the word itself was exciting and seemed to fit as it entered. As a result of his actions he was fair game for an older woman who had been without so long and suddenly found herself in such a situation with an immense example of beautifully formed male equipment. He was mine to use as I wanted. He'd be made happy and enjoy it as much as my experience and advantage dictated.

I listened to him sigh and felt his body move with that initial excitement a man can demonstrate. I grabbed his wrists then positioned and clamped them firmly in my hands barely above his shoulders. I'm, positive that his strength could have broken my hold but he was fully compliant with my needs as I began to ride him slow and deep. Each time I pulled up almost to exit then teased the head with muscles at my entrance and when he answered with his own body I plunged deeply again. Slowly I felt the need to increase tempo after delaying each plunge to ensure his body was begging for it. Minutes passed before I leaned far forward and let my nipples tease his lips. His tongue came out and attempted to find them as I swept one and then the other quickly past it. He didn't fight my hold on his wrists at all but the urgency in his ass and it's up thrust were growing faster than his original arousal.

I released his hands and he first moved them to my shoulders and worked to force me down with each descent but soon he shifted them to my hips and I felt his grip tighten as he applied his best effort and full strength to work my body around it.

Soon he was begging for more and begging me to let him climax. I hadn't prevented his orgasm but did what I could to delay it each time that I felt his eagerness getting too close to his own satisfaction. I used him to generate and fulfill my own needs over and over until I too wanted him to fill me. I wanted to feel his heat and his body as it lost complete control and he'd finally let me have every bit of it. It was perfect as it slid in and out and his body responded to mine with need almost as intense as mine. His climax now became mixed with strange guttural, almost animal sounds from deep within his chest and I pleasured myself with the knowledge he was there and knew he was climaxing within me.

I was sweating as intensely as he was as I finally settled onto his chest and extended my legs out straight along his. My thighs were aching from the pleasant exertion but it was the best I'd ever felt afterward.

Our bodies were sticky together but I felt pleasure sliding my body across his as we recovered.

Finally I rolled to his side and he turned to face me as his hands began to caress me everywhere and explore my body. His hand found my soft, too fat, tummy and he massaged it happily.

My arm was extended along my side and I felt his dick brush it before I searched, found and closed my hand around it again. He was hard once more, or perhaps still because I didn't know. It moved loosely and eagerly in my grip before I sat up, scooted down then cleaned him completely. The taste was good and I knew I'd always treasure it. I kissed him before I asked if he could taste it and he swept his tongue across then licked my lips and smiled before telling me how much he'd wanted all of this.

I relaxed pleasantly alive in the aftermath and heard his words droning on and on but I didn't mind in the sweetness of that afterglow.

I was lying comfortably on my back with eyes closed, my hand still in quiet automatic mode working his eagerness, and basking in that afterglow barely aware that he'd leaned over me, cupped one breast in his hand and was suckling quietly on a still erect nipple when he stopped and spoke.

"What do we do now?" he asked quietly.

I was brought back to a lazy awareness "Did you have something in mind?" I asked.

He was slow answering as I opened my eyes and saw a teasing smile "I was thinking we could do it again if you want and then I'll have to be going but I'd like to come back maybe tomorrow if it's okay." he said again in his throaty whisper.

I was surprised and smiled back with a similar tease then asked "Do you mean you think you can still go one more time?" 

"I think I can if you give me just a few minutes." he said earnestly. His finger had begun circling the same wet nipple he'd been nursing.

I was alive again. I was tired but alive and increased the movement of my hand as I raised my head and kissed his cheek. "How do you want to do it?" I quizzed him eagerly.

"Give me a minute. I've heard that women like it from behind." but his voice sounded uncertain.

We were quiet for more than ten minutes while my mind concentrated on what was in my hand. My thoughts were alive when suddenly I sat up then moved into position on all fours. I pestered him with "I'm waiting."

He laughed from deep in his chest and scrambled up and behind me. "Can you put it in or do you want me to do it?" he asked.

I bent my head down and glanced back, spotted it and then found it with my hand again. "I'll do it." I said and a moment later he wasn't waiting as he drove suddenly and completely to full depth and held it there.

'Damn it feels good!" he said and then began moving. He leaned over my back and kissed then nibbled my neck and ear "I could do this forever. Can we?"

"Well let's do it right now and we can talk about more later if you'll call me." I said "But next time you pay for the pizza." I giggled like a schoolgirl then wiggled my ass like a girl doing the Hula.

"That's good. Don't stop!" he said as he began to get serious again. He was still kissing my neck when he raised his mouth to my ear and said "Can I play while we do this?" and he grunted as he drove full depth.

It took me a moment to answer "You can do anything you like." I said as I drove back hard against him and felt his thighs slap my ass.

I was concentrating so intensely that it took me a moment to first realize his fingers had spread me and one was teasing my clit. It was almost too much as I climaxed three or four times in rapid, almost unending succession.

His hand didn't slow or move away as we began communicating in grunts and anxious body parts.

Any woman knows that a knowledgeable and busy finger can create body movement so intense that she may lose her mind as she moves to maintain it but that movement also stimulates him in his rear entry and that's where we were. My body was now off my mental grid and doing its own thing entirely. I barely remember how excited he was becoming and my nipples were dragging the sheet as my trembling arms tried to lift me but failed. His dick was bearing everywhere inside me as we moved and the sensation was awesome as my throat began a mantra of wails and moans that I could barely perceive.

I fucked, he fucked and we fucked wild and unrestrained until after countless personal orgasms I succeeded in getting him off then when he finished he fell to one side dragging me with him and his dick was still embedded.

I wanted to face him but was locked in that same position with him behind me until finally he grew flaccid but even then his arm was across his forehead and his eyes were closed as his lungs fought for air.

When I could move again I slipped down and cleaned him while almost worshipping his manhood in my efforts.

He held and kissed me then asked if he could use the shower and asked if I wanted to come in with him but I couldn't move. I would shower with him on another visit and then too I would teach him how to provide oral to a woman.

I only wanted to sleep and dream in total recall of my afternoon with him. I think he kissed me when he'd finished but I was asleep and didn't hear him leaving.