 Laura was horny as hell. She broke up with her boyfriend more than a month ago and had not had sex with another person since. Sure, she had her vibrator and had even gone online and had cybersex with a couple of guys but it just wasn't the same. She needed rough hands massaging her breasts and somebody else's finger or tongue gently inserted into her pussy. Needless to say, a warm, hard, long cock was a major part of the fantasy and would be most welcome.

She made up her mind that she was going to have sex the next decent looking guy that made a pass at her. The problem was, in her job here in Charleston, she didn't meet many unattached, attractive men. What few did visit her lingerie counter in the small little intimate shop were usually with their wives or girlfriends or were buying something for them.

Today wasn't much different. She was waiting on a very attractive young woman in her mid-20s who was accompanied by what appeared to be a handsome, well-dressed, man at least 25 to 30 years older that she was. Laura was 29 so he was probably 20 years her senior. She figured him to be the customers 'sugar daddy'. 

The customer took a slip, a couple of bras and some sexy underwear and disappeared into the fitting rooms. Laura took the opportunity to study the man as he relaxed in one of the little boudoir chairs provided for men waiting for their wives and girlfriends. 

He was tall and much better built than she had first thought. He was clean-shaven with a shock of salt and pepper gray hair and a fine, strong jaw line. The medium blue, pinstriped suit, with what Laura guessed was a school tie, fitted his well-built frame to a 'T' and his black shoes were shined to perfection. All in all, he was a very handsome man that exuded confidence and, most of all, sex appeal.

"What the hell," Laura thought, "Just because I'm not getting any, there is no reason to keep them from doing it."

She called to him, "Sir, it would be okay if you want to go back into the fitting room and see how the clothing fits on your friend. Perhaps she will model it for you."

It gave Laura a warm feeling between her legs to think of the young, pretty girl twisting this way and that under the eyes of this handsome man. Perhaps the girl would give him a blowjob back there in the privacy of the fitting room. Now Laura was getting wet. 

He laughed, "Thank you miss but that's my daughter. She would be mortified if I saw her in her underwear. I do wish I had a girlfriend as young and pretty as her, or you, for that matter."

Now Laura was flustered. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean... I mean... Oh, please forgive me."

"Nonsense, I'm very flattered that you would pair me up with her. At the risk of being blunt, would you have dinner with me sometime?"

"Ah... no... Well... I don't... Perhaps. Aren't you married?"

"Divorced. Tammy is my daughter and I only get to see her once or twice a year when I come to Charleston. She goes to school here and is leaving this afternoon to go back to her mother in Florida for the summer. What about dinner tonight? I will be very lonely once she's gone."

"I don't get off till 6:00 o'clock."

"Well that's perfect. I can pick you up at six, right here at the front door. How's that?"

"Make it 6:15 and you're on. Er... I don't even know your name."

He laughed, "I'm John, and you're...?"

Laura flushed again. She had never been this forward with anyone before. She put her hand out and said, "My name is Laura, Laura Sheer."

"Well, Laura Sheer, I'll see you at 6:15 tonight."

When Tammy came out of the dressing room and he paid for her purchases with his credit card Laura found his name was John Duffy of Duffy Oklahoma.

Laura started to say "See you later" But he gave her a look of conspiracy, smiled and shushed her when Tammy wasn't looking.

The rest of the day went past in a fog as she waited for the magical 6:15 hour. When she stepped out of the front door of the Boutique, he was waiting in a taxi at the curb with the door open. 

He hopped out, took her arm and gave her a peck on the cheek. "I'm a stranger here, you'll have to tell me where you'd like to go."

"Okay, dismiss the cab and we can take my car. I'll take you back to your hotel after dinner."

They settled on a little, out-of-the-way bistro not far from the store. Without reservations they had to wait at the bar and where she had two glasses of red wine while he settled for the same number of bourbons and water. Dinner was an excellent steak for him and succulent lamb chops for Laura. 

Over the food and a nice bottle of cabernet she learned he was a cowboy, having property in both Oklahoma and Texas with a lot of beef cattle. His former wife couldn't stand the loneliness of ranch life far from the city and had left him for the bright lights of Palm Beach more than ten years ago.

He found out that Laura was earning her masters in marketing with a minor in business administration and working part time to supplement the tuition and other expenses. She would get her degree in just a few weeks. The little money left from her parents' life insurance when they were killed in an auto accident wasn't enough for everything so she had to work. She still lived in the family home.

By the time dinner was over, they were both a little tipsy and Laura felt as if she had known John forever. He opened the door of the car for her and it seemed only natural that, as she turned around to be seated, he kissed her. The kiss was long and lingering, with their bodies pressed hard together. The aroma of his masculine musk was intoxicating. By the time they broke, Laura was breathless and John was trying to hide his erection.

When Laura pulled away, John was apologetic. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to take advantage of this situation. It's just that I am very attracted to you. I know I'm almost old enough to be your Father. Perhaps I've had too much to drink. Living on the remote ranch, I don't get much female companionship."

Laura was leaning back against the car, her arms draped carelessly over his shoulders while his hands were clasped on her waist. "It's okay, I kind of liked it. Besides, you're only as old as you feel. Let's go to my house and I'll make us some coffee," Laura offered.

In the car, John was watching her as she drove. His gaze was distracting but at the same time exciting. Because of the bucket seats, the center console separated them, preventing any intimate contact. She couldn't help but wonder if he still had the erection she had felt earlier. By the time they got to her house, she was musing what he would do if she slid her hand into his crotch and grabbed it.

The lighthearted mood lasted as they walked up to her door, hand in hand. When she unlocked the door, he spun her around in the doorway and kissed her again. This time, Laura parted her lips and he tentatively brushed them with his tongue. She gently sucked it into her mouth and he could feel the smoothness of her teeth and taste the freshness of her.

Her left arm was around his broad back while her right was over his shoulder and her hand was behind his head, holding their lips in contact with each other. His body was in such close contact with her that she could feel the muscles of his chest but most important, his growing manhood. 

She pushed him away, saying, "I think we better get that coffee while we can."

Inside, she turned on the lights, took his coat while he removed his tie, directed him to a seat and excused herself to prepare the coffee. She was spooning the grounds into a filter when he slipped into the kitchen and took her from behind, wrapping his arms around her body, one hand on her waist and the other cupping her left breast. His breath was hot on the nape of her neck as he kissed her ear and mouthed the smooth skin of her shoulder. The erection hadn't faded and it was there, large and hard, probing her buttocks through their clothing. 

Laura put the coffee and spoon down, clasped her hands over the one that was on her breast, canted her head a little to give him better access to her neck and melted backward into his arms. She let out an audible sigh and shivered slightly when his moist lips made little nibbles on her tender skin.

"Oh my, that's nice. Are you sure you want coffee?" She wanted to turn around but she didn't want to loose the contact of his hand on her breast or the feeling of his hard penis against her ass.

"I would much prefer it in the morning."

Now she turned and put her hip against the swollen tool in his trousers. His hands, which had been encircling her, now came to rest on her swelling breasts. Gently and softly he cradled them, caressing them and outlining them with his fingers and palms. He bent his head and kissed her on the neck again.

Laura was on fire! She clutched his waist and pulled him into her, reveling in the feeling of his hard dick pushing against her. She began to rotate her hips and he put his head back, exhaled and closed his eyes, enjoying the closeness of her body. 

When she slipped her hand down between them and began to explore what she found there, he kissed her mouth, whispered, "I need you," and scooped her up in his arms.

In the hallway he asked, "Which way?"

Laura face was nestled in the crook of his neck and was so taken by his strength that it took her a moment to come back to reality. "Oh, down there, to the right."

In the bedroom, he deposited her on her feet and kissed her yet again. Never breaking from the kiss, Laura busied herself removing his shirt. She had long since shed the jacket of the business suit she wore to work so he began to remove her blouse.

In just a couple of minutes, his shirt was off, the tail still captured in the waist band of his trousers and her blouse was gone, leaving just her bra between his hands and her aching breasts. Quickly she stepped out of her skirt and slip. Now she was clad in only her bikini panties and her bra. She attacked his belt and dropped his trousers while he kicked his shoes off. 

She smiled to see the tent created in his boxers by his erection, but she knew how he felt because the area between her legs was beginning to wet with desire. Without hesitation, she undid the clasp on the bra, dropped it on the floor and followed it with her bikini panties. She stepped to him and in one smooth motion, pulled his boxers down, freeing his erect penis. 

Demurely she backed to the bed and lay down, motioning him to join her. He came over to her, sat on the edge of the bed and lowered his head, but this time, instead of kissing her lips, he kissed the proud nipple of her right breast. His tongue and lips were outlining it, caressing it suckling as a baby might to draw milk from it. His hand, casually laying on her tummy began to explore the smooth satin like fabric of her skin. His thumb brushed against her navel for a second before his hand traveled down to the meticulously trimmed patch of soft hair just above her garden of pleasure. 

She opened her legs slightly and allowed his finger to slip along the moisture-laden slit; slowly working it's lubricated way inside of her. His thumb was resting against and lightly stroking her clitoris while his index finger was caressing the "G" spot just inside the lips of her pussy.

Her back was arched, her head was back and her eyes were closed as she took pleasure in the attention he was giving her sexual needs. He moved his lips down and kissed her belly button, allowing his tongue to prod at it for a moment before he moved his entire bogy around so that his torso was between her widespread legs. Gently he lifted her right leg and placed it on his shoulder so that her weeping vagina was open and gaping for another of his kisses. 

The ecstasy of his smooth, soft lips and tongue stroking her pussy and clit was paradise. She succumbed to the rapture and soon was moaning and gasping, almost in tempo with the prods of his tongue into her cunt. Within a very few minutes, her entire libido was concentrated on her vagina and what was happening to it. Time after time he brought her to the pinnacle of climax, held her there for a few seconds and then slowly eased her back into the reality of his head between her legs. 

Finally, just when she thought she couldn't take any more, he pushed his face tight into her snatch and, with his tongue, brought her into the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. She was almost screaming with the pleasure and release of the climax but when he finally stopped, she wilted with relief. She was nearly comatose as she rolled into a fetal ball, babbling incoherently. Rather than take advantage of her now, he lay beside of her, caressing her body with his hands and cooing words of compassion into her ears. 

A few minutes later, just when John thought she was asleep she turned to him, hid her face in his chest and said, "I'm so embarrassed, but I never had sex like that before."

"You never had oral sex before?"

"Yes, but never like that, never that – ah – good. I thought for a moment I was going to faint. I've never been that vocal." Her hand had already strayed down to his penis when she asked, "Can I do that to you?"

She didn't wait for an answer. Quickly getting to her knees on the bed, she moved down so that her face was poised just above his proud implement. Tentatively, she wrapped her hand around it and touched the seeping, pre-cum tip with her tongue. There was a sharp intake of his breath when she sucked the length of it into her mouth. 

Her ex-boyfriend had taught her the little trick of suppressing the gag reflex center in her throat that she was able to use to advantage now. Slowly and purposefully she lowered her head until the entire eight inches of his penis was in her mouth and down her throat. She bobbed up and down, caressing the entire length of his cock with her mouth and tongue. Soon, the sensation of her soft mouth was more than he could stand and he was thrusting upward, trying to drive himself even deeper into her velvety throat.

She could tell that he was close to climax so she quickly straddled him and, almost without missing a stroke, let his hard cock stab into her cunt. She was riding up and down, smiling down on him, her hands clenched in the hair on his chest. She could feel him quiver as the first spurt on his cum shot deep into her. With each upward stroke another diminishing load of his jitzum was injected into her welcoming pussy. Another trick she had learned was the clenching of her vaginal muscles. She applied that technique now, milking him of the last of his seminal fluids.

It amused her that he pushed up one final time; his head lolled off to one side and fell fast asleep. So as not to disturb him, she carefully crawled off and went into the bathroom to wash up a little. By the time she got back with a damp cloth to clean him, he was snoring softly. She crawled into the bed along side of him, tucked herself under his arm and, savoring the aroma of his musk, joined him in dreamland.

At first her dreams were pleasant but soon they became erotic. She was nude, spread eagle and chained to a bed. There were three or four men, all with different type of implements, some teasing her, some tickling her and one had an ostrich feather and was running it all over her body. One, wearing a cowboy's outfit, spurs and chaps, was teasing her pussy with a soft dildo. It was not unpleasant and she had a warm feeling between her legs. 

She opened her eyes to find John there, his tongue buried in her pussy, his arms snaked up along side of her body under her legs and fondling her breasts. In an attempt to increase the exotic feeling, she put her hands on his head and pulled him even harder into her. 

John looked up and said, "Oh good, you're awake. Welcome back sleepyhead. It's almost nine o'clock in the morning. I have to leave today at two."

He couldn't help grinning when she smiled and whispered, "You're not going anywhere until you have sex with me again."

With her legs still spread wide, he climbed up from his lower station until his hard cock was poised at the entrance to her wet slit. Using his hand, he rubbed it up and down in the natural lubricant a couple of times and then gently slid it into her.

The moment he drove his firm dick into her, she wrapped her legs around his ass, holding him tight inside of her warm cunt. As she had done the night before, she clenched the muscles of her vagina and he could feel the 'milking' sensation again. It was almost like her pussy was giving him a blowjob.

His gasp brought a smirk to Laura so she said, "You like."

"Oh, God yes, how do you do that?"

"I'll tell you later, just make me cum now."

So, he set out to do just that. Using a long, carefully measured cadence, he pulled his cock out of her pussy until only the helmet was barely between the lips and then slowly reinserted it until he was so far in his balls were against her ass. Time and time again he repeated this. When she began to warm up to the exercise he quickened both the tempo and the power so much that soon he was pounding into her like a steam hammer. Now he was supporting himself on his hands alongside of her body and the only place they were joined was his phallus driving in and out of her cunt.

She was lost in the ecstasy of carnal rapture, her mind and every fiber of her being was concentrating on the thing that was happening to her. The pleasurable feeling between her legs was radiating out, engulfing her entire body with the enchantment of it and causing her to moan with the passion of gratification. 

She was so taken by her own climax that she barely felt it when great gushes of his hot seamen spewed out of the end of his dick and filled her cunt to overflowing. Her pussy was so sensitive that she was actually thankful when he stopped and collapsed on top of her. As she pushed him off to one side, his softening cock slid out of her tender snatch and flopped, lifelessly, on his belly.

She rose up, her elbow on the bed and her chin in her hand, surveying him. "You're pretty good in bed for a cowboy. You've got a few tricks of you own. Did you learn them out on the range?"

He laughed. "For a city girl you're very good yourself." 

He rolled over, rose on his elbows and said, "All cowboys are good lovers. Some are just better than others but they're all good. 

He got out of bed and said, "I've got to go now but you haven't seen the last of me. Will you come to Oklahoma and see me?"

"I would love to but with school and all, I can't afford it. Besides, I have to work."

"Hell, that's no problem, I'll buy that damn Boutique and send my jet for you."

And so he did. He bought the shop in Laura's name and she ran it under the name "SHEER DELIGHT" for a few years. By the time they were married three years later, she had branched out with Boutiques in Atlanta Georgia, Tulsa Oklahoma and Dallas and Huston Texas. She even opened one in Palm Beach Florida and called it 'THE OTHER WOMAN'.

30

Copyright © 07-01-2009 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me through the link below.