 It was 3 in the morning, but all the lights were still on. A faint smell of beer and vomit permeated the air. There were unconscious bodies strewn around the messy rooms; some on beds and sofas, and some on the cold floor. Cans of cheap Budweiser and Coors Light littered the whole house. Lauren and Diane surveyed the damage done by the party. 

"I am so never doing this again. It's gonna take me fucking forever to clean this fucking mess up..." complained Diane. It was, after all, her house and her party, and now she was going to have to face the consequences. It was her 18th birthday, and she went overboard with the partying. Her head throbbed and she knew she was in for one hell of a hangover.

"Lauren, sweetie, I can't take you home. I feel really shitty...I mean look at me...would you really trust me behind the wheel? Why don't you just crash here for the night. I'll kick some of those bastards off the couch and fix you up a place to sleep...what do you think?" Diane asked her best friend.

Lauren was far from sober and needed to get home. She had a job interview the next day and she wanted to recuperate in her apartment.

"But I really have to get home tonight. I told you like 5 times that I need a ride home. I can't stay Diane...I really can't."

"Shit, well maybe I can try waking up Ray...but he won't be too happy about it...wait here" Diane said and ran upstairs to wake her brother up.

Lauren sat down on a chair and waited, hoping that Ray would be able to take her home. In her sad state of mind, she still felt excited about him driving her home. Ray was a hottie. 24 years old, spiky black hair, goatee, piercings, tattoos, great body...mmm...yes, he was definitely a hottie. Lauren remembered hearing that he had a big cock and the stamina to fuck a girl's brains out all night. Lauren felt her pussy tingle. She had flirted with him tonight, but he had gotten really wasted and went upstairs to sleep. But she knew he wanted her. The way he was staring at her with lust-filled eyes was enough to tell her that he wanted to fuck her. And she was willing...oh yes...

She heard heavy footsteps coming down the stairs and turned to see Ray, followed by his sister. He was only wearing his jeans. His muscular and tattooed chest was bare, and her gaze lingered on his pierced nipples. This bad boy was sexy as hell, she thought. She smiled at him, and watched him look her up and down and lick his lips.

"Alright Lauren, I'll take ya home babe...give me your car keys" he said. Lauren dug through her purse and handed him the keys to her Celica.

She kissed Diane goodbye and followed Ray out the door.

She stared at him the whole time as he pulled out of the driveway and onto the main street. He really was hot. But then again...so was she. Lauren had long bleached-blonde hair, sexy blue eyes, luscious lips, and a perfect little nose. She had a beautiful face, and a gorgeous body. She was 5'6, curvaceous, with a 36C chest, a small waist, full hips and ass, and the smoothest, most blemish-free skin imaginable.

"So...Lauren...you had fun tonight?" he asked, turning to look at her. He wasn't too happy when his sister woke him up, but when she mentioned that Lauren needed a ride, he was up and ready to go. Who wouldn't be? An hour long ride alone with a gorgeous blonde. Now that he was in the car with her, and she was drunk...why not take advantage of the situation? It shouldn't be too hard to get some action from her, especially since she looked so fuckable.

"Hmm? What did you say, Ray?" his voice caught her off guard. She was dozing off, the effects of too much alcohol kicking in.

"I asked if you had fun at the party, baby" he said, trying hard not to crash the car as his attention was almost solely focused on the barely-clothed beauty beside him. All she was wearing was a light pink halter dress and black sandals (those 4" high ones with straps that wrap high around the ankles and up to the calves). Her big breasts pushed against the thin pink cotton, and her dark areolas were clearly visible. Not to mention those thick hard nipples. 

"I guess...but I shouldn't have drank so much...I'm never touching Malibu again...I'm so wasted..." she replied. She closed her eyes for a second and adjusted her seating position, spreading her thighs wide and putting her arms above her head. She sighed...but it sounded more like a moan.

Ray couldn't believe it. This girl was practically screaming "fuck me". He thighs were spread so wide that her already too short dress was hiked up even more and he could clearly see the white lace panties covering her mound. Her inner thighs glistened. "Could she really be so wet?" he thought. They were on the parkway, and he could see a service station up ahead. He made the turn.

"Why did we stop?" she asked, opening her eyes, when he turned the engine off. Looking out the window, she saw that they were at the service station. She turned to look at him. 

"Lauren, baby, I am not some stupid fuck that you can tease. You already had me driving with a semi, but I cannot take any more of your teasing. I know that you're dripping wet...so let's do something about it..." he said, reaching over and placing his hand on her exposed thigh. 

She could't believe what he had just said. She could feel her cheeks getting red. But this is what she had been wanting so bad, and his hand was moving up her thigh pretty quickly...

Without giving it another thought, she turned to him and whispered in his ear, "I want you to make me scream..." and then gave him a playful lick on his ear lobe. With a mischievous expression on his face, he adjusted the seat so that it was as far back as it would go, and pulled Lauren on top of him, so that she was straddling his thighs. She untied her dress and pulled it off over her head. Her beautiful tits were inches from his face, and she moaned as he took a nipple into his mouth.

She pulled him closer to her, running her hands down his tattooed back. 

His tongue and teeth were at work, making her yelp and moan. One of his hands found its way into her panties and in between her slippery folds, while the other hand fondled the other tit.

"Oh my god! Uhhhhh...Oh yess Ray...mmmm...oh yess...rub my little clit...mmmm...ohhhhhh..." 

Lauren was in heaven. Ray really knew his way around a clitoris and he had her humping, bucking, and grinding her sexy ass as he pleasured her cunt. 

He let go of her breasts and leaned back, watching Lauren's face as he played with her pussy. Her eyes were closed tightly and her glistening pink lips were parted. It was an expression of pure pleasure. He watched his fingers wiggle inside her wet panties. He ran his hand up her torso and cupped one of her bouncing tits. As he squeezed the nipple, she threw her head back. He knew she was very close to cumming, so he slipped two fingers into her hole and pumped them in and out feverishly.

"Ahh...ahh...ohhhhh...ohhh...ohh...oh GODDDDDD!" she cried as she climaxed.

He continued pumping his fingers in and out, making audible sloppy noises as her juice flow increased. Lauren panted and screamed and mewled as Ray continued his assault on her sensitive pussy while he suckled on her tits.

She couldn't take it any more. 3 orgasms in a row was too much for her.

She begged him to stop and screamed as he took her clit and squeezed it hard. She slumped down against his bare chest, breathing hard. Ray took this as a sign that she had enough for now, and removed his wet fingers from her dripping cunt. Lauren watched as he licked his fingers clean, savoring the taste of her musky pussy. She tasted very sweet and a bit salty, with a touch of tanginess.

Now it was his turn. He gently pushed her to the other seat and unbuttoned his jeans. He wasn't wearing anything underneath, and he watched Lauren's eyes widen as his thick long sausage came into view. It was already semi-erect, and looked like it was around 8 inches long and very thick. What Lauren didn't expect to see was the "pussy pleaser" tattoo going down the shaft, and the "Prince Albert" piercing. A thick silver captive-bead ring pierced his head near the tip, and the big purple head was already coated with smeared precum. She couldn't take her eyes off his tattooed and pierced dick.

"See something you like sugar? I want to feel your soft lips around it, Lauren baby..." Ray encouraged her...as if she needed more encouragement.

She leaned across, her nipples grazing the gear selector lever, and grabbed his cock at the base, pointing it toward her open mouth. She licked the head first, flicking the ring with her tongue. She worked her way down the shaft and then back up again, teasing him with the tip of her tongue. Then she engulfed the head and started sucking on it. She kept on working more and more of his cock into her mouth, trying to deep-throat him.

All the while, Ray was really enjoying himself. Her hot mouth felt so good. Lauren was a good cocksucker. A few more minutes and he would blow. His cock was completely erect and rigid, its final length being just over 9 inches.

Lauren increased her tempo and started really working that cock in and out of her mouth, bobbing her head up and down. Her hands fondled his balls, squeezing them lightly. His cock was so far in her mouth that the head was making its way down her throat. Lauren started humming, knowing that the vibrations of her vocal chords would drive him crazy.

His reaction to her humming came quite quickly, his cock jerking and then spewing hot gooey cum into her mouth. She greedily swallowed it all and milked his cock for more, until he pulled his sensitive member out of her mouth. She looked up at him. His eyes were half-lidded and his bare chest glistened with sweat.

"Did you like that, baby? Mmm...I love sucking your cock...", she said, licking her lips.

"You are a good cocksucker...a little cumslut...now come here, but first remove your panties and give them to me"

Lauren slipped her soaked panties off and gave the to Ray, who promptly stuffed them in his jean pocket. She then climbed over onto him, straddling him again, but this time her naked pussy was positioned right over his limp cock.

Ray pulled her towards him and started licking her neck. He licked down from behind her ear to her collar bone, and then back up to her ear.

"You are so sexy and fine, and your pussy tastes so good...do you know what I want to do to your delectable tight cunt?" he whispered into her ear.

She shuddered, feeling his hot breath.

"Mmmmm...what do you want to do?" she asked.

"I want to tease your clit with my cock-ring and then plunge deep inside you and fuck you until you beg me to stop...how's that sound?" he whispered, licking the outline of her ear.

His cock was hard once again, the thought of fucking Lauren exciting him, and he rubbed it against her mound. Then he grabbed Lauren's buttocks and lifted her up, positioning her above his erect penis. Holding his cock at the base, he moved it back and forth along her slippery slit, making sure to focus on her clit. He rubbed it with the head, eliciting moans from her as the cold metal touched her hot clit.

And then, suddenly, he moved his hips up, while at the same time pushing her down onto his cock, and buried himself in her tight cunt.

Lauren gasped as the thick flesh plunged into her. 

They both moaned as they fucked, Lauren bouncing on top of Ray as he bucked his hips to counter her actions. He loved the feeling of her tight love canal enveloping his cock, but he wanted to be in control. And with her on top of him, it wasn't going to work. He opened the car door, and told Lauren to get off for a second. She was reluctant to do so, not wanting to let go of his cock, but she complied and got out of the car. Luckily, there was hardly anyone there and the lack of good lighting concealed her nudity. She was, after all, naked except for her sexy sandals. Ray exited the car after her, and without warning, grabbed her and laid her on the hood of her car.

"Ooooh baby...", she cooed. Lauren wrapped her long legs around his waist, and he thrust himself inside her. This was much better, he thought, as he felt the tightness and comfort of her hot slick pussy around his cock.

He pounded into her, slowly at first, but then really picked up the speed and fucked her like a madman. The sloping hood of the Celica provided a very good fucking position. He was almost on top of her, his strong arms supporting his body, and the angle of penetration was wonderful. 

Ray screwed the hot blonde for hours, using various positions on and around the car. She had innumerable orgasms, around the same amount as him. 

Lauren was asleep by the time they arrived at her apartment. She was sweaty, her hair a mess, her makeup smeared, and her pussy and ass covered in a thick layer of drying cum. But she was still beautiful.

Ray carried her upstairs and put her down on her bed. Using her phone, he called himself a cab. On the drive home, he reached into his pocket and pulled out her lacy white panties, still damp. He brought them to his face and took a long whiff of her feminine scent. He was definitely calling her the next day.