 It was a hot night at the club. Hotter than usual, but I didn't mind. The heat made the women at the club more than happy to take off their clothes. In fact, my staff and I would take bets on how many tit or crotch flashes each person would get, the most flashes won the pot.

I was sitting in my office, watching the crown through the one way mirror that was behind the desk, enjoying the air conditioning and thinking some things over. I had been feeling kind of distant lately, because of a job offer that would mean quitting my management job and moving away from most of my friends. 

One of my bartenders, Lynn, came into the office and sat on my lap. We had been flirting with each other on and off for the last few months, but had been unable to make any connection. She put her arms around my neck while we both looked out into the club through the mirror.

"So what is going on with you lately? I haven't seen you much, you're always sitting in here by yourself, and you're definitely not you same old self."

"I've got a lot on my mind."

"What's going on?"

I explained what was going on to her, and she looked into my eyes and smiled.

"You're not going anywhere. In fact, the only place you're going is to my house."

"Right. That would be nice."

"Well, you're always telling me that you're girlfriends always complemented you on your oral skills, so put your money where your mouth is...or your mouth where my money is." She snickered while pointing at her apron that was about the same length as her shorts.

She laughed with a grin that told me that she was in the mood for some fun, and turned and walked out of the office with a cute little spring in her step. I admired her ass which was covered, barely, by a pair of tan shorts, and the uniform polo she was wearing made her tits look smaller than the 36D that she always claimed that they were. She looked sexy hot, and schoolgirl innocent with her warm smile, intense eyes, and her braided pigtails.

I watched her and the rest of the staff from the confines of the office. Before Lynn had visited me, I couldn't think of anything but the job offer, but now, I couldn't get Lynn out of my mind. I wanted to start nibbling on her neck and work my way down to her toes and then back up again. I wanted to see just how much fun we could really have together. Closing time was 2 a.m. That meant that the staff usually got to go home at about two thirty. At two, Lynn came into the office again. She put her cash drawer on my desk and smiled at me. There were two waitresses in my office so she didn't do anything obvious. There was a folded piece of paper on top of the drawer, so I picked it up and read it as she walked out of the office shouting "G'night everybody!" and she left.

The note was short and to the point: You know where I live, and you know what we both want...so put your mouth where my money is.

I sat back in my chair and tried to hide the redness of my face. I hoped that it wasn't obvious that I now had a hardon either. I couldn't finish counting out the cash drawers and receipts fast enough.

I pulled into Lynn's driveway at about 3 a.m. I felt like running up the walkway to the door, but I didn't want to look stupid, so I acted as natural as I could. I didn't even get a chance to ring the door bell. Lynn opened the door wearing a t-shirt and pajama pants. Damn she was cute. She gave me a big hug and invited me in.

"I didn't think you would show up. I thought you would back out somehow."

"Well, I'm here." I said, unable to contain my smile any longer.

"Yes, you are." She giggled and went into the kitchen to get us a couple of beers. I sat down on the couch and tried to look natural. It wasn't working very well.

She came back in and handed me a beer. "I was just putting in a movie, want to watch it?"

"Sure." I figured that a movie might be a good distraction.

She turned on the movie and sat down on the couch, at first at the other end, but then she began moving closer to me until she was curled up next to me. I started giving her a half assed neck rub, but the more I rubbed, the more she moaned. 

"If you don't stop that, I'm going to fall asleep. It feels soooo good!"

So I stopped rubbing her neck and put my arm back around her. She started rubbing my leg. Slowly she rubbed higher and higher until her hand was just below my, now hard, cock. I turned and looked into her eyes and we kissed. Gently at first, but then more urgently. I was rubbing her legs, and then I slid my hand up under her shirt to cup her beautiful tits. They were definitely the D-cups that she had claimed them to be. I rolled her nipples between my fingers and she moaned into my lips as we continued to kiss. 

"Do you want to take this upstairs?" She asked breaking the kiss.

"MMM, yeah I do." I replied.

She stood up and took my hand and led me upstairs to her bedroom. We started kissing and stripping each other at the same time. It didn't take me long to have her completely nude and I laid her on the bed. I began licking, kissing, and nibbling her body, working my way down to her legs before I looked up at her. 

"Are you ready for this?" I asked her.

"MMMM, Yeah Baby. Do it. Lick my pussy."

I dove in tongue first. I began licking and nibbling around her pussy and then sliding my tongue inside of her. I avoided touching her clit on purpose. Her body was writhing, and she was grinding her pussy into my mouth, while she ran her fingers through my hair. I blew lightly on her clit and she moaned loudly, pressing her pussy against me harder. I sucked her clit between my lips and began working her clit over. She was nearly screaming now.

"I'M...I'M...I'M CUMMING!!"

She flooded my mouth with her sweet juice. She tasted so good, that I wondered why I had waited so long to do this. She ground her pussy into me and squeezed my head between her thighs so hard that I thought my head was in a vise. I counted three orgasms before she finally released her grip. I climbed up the bed and lay down next to her, and took her in my arms.

"Holy Shit was that good!" she breathed when she could finally bring herself to speak.

I was lying on my back with her head on my chest, when she began playing with my cock. She started kissing my chest, and running her hands all over my body, working her way down until her lips were wrapped around my cock. I looked into her eyes as she swallowed my entire length. She popped my cock out of her mouth and giggled lightly.

"What's so funny?" I asked her.

"I'll admit to you, I've had a couple that were longer, but none this thick!" she giggled.

"Well that's good for the old self esteem." I said.

She giggled "Trust me; I am going to enjoy this thoroughly. I can't wait to have you fill me up. I just hope it fits." And with that she got up and straddled me slowly sliding my cock into her. Her eyes were closed tight and a look of pleasure and pain washed over her face.

"OOHHHH!" She moaned when she finally sat down all the way.

She paused for a few seconds before she began slowly riding me. I could feel her pussy stretching and gripping me. Her juices were running out of her and down my balls. She began moaning louder and louder the harder she rode me. She put her hands on my chest to steady herself and she was digging her nails into me. She leaned down and began kissing me; I could feel her cumming over and over again as our tongues danced.

She broke our kiss, "I want you to fuck me, Baby!"

She rolled off me and spread her legs. I looked down and slid my cock into her dripping wet pussy. I love a woman with a landing strip. I began with long slow strokes and gradually built up to a fever pitch. The sound of our lovemaking filled the room. She was looking up into my eyes while I fucker her, and she smiled at me and licked her lips while she pulled at her nipples.

"Mmmm! That's it! Hit all my favorite spots, Baby!" She moaned.

I could feel her pussy grip me even tighter, and it felt so good, my balls began to boil. She must have sensed what was coming, because she jumped up and took my cock into her mouth again. I grunted and filled her mouth with my cum. She swallowed most of it. What she didn't swallow had spilled out from the corners of her mouth, and onto her chin and tits. She rubbed it into her tits like it was lotion.

I laid down next to her, feeling spent. Lynn looked over at the clock and said, "Do you realize that it's 4:30? We've been at it for over an hour!"

"Sorry, I must be a little off my game." I said chuckling.

She laughed and rolled over and cuddled up to me, wrapping her arms around me.

"You're not leaving until I say you can."

"I'm not going to argue with that." I said enjoying the warmth of her embrace.

We both fell asleep in her bed. I slept until the sun beaming in through the window woke me up. I got up, closed the blinds, and was going to lie down when I decided that I was thirsty. So I walked down to the kitchen in my boxers. I was startled to come face to face with a brunette woman that I had never seen before.

"Good Morning. You must be the reason that Lynn was making all that noise last night."

"Umm, Yeah. I'm Stan. And you are...?"

"I'm Audrey; I rent out one of the rooms upstairs." She giggled at my obvious discomfort of standing there in nothing but boxer shorts. She made it a point to look at my package and nodded her head. "I see what all the commotion was about." She laughed and walked past me and out the door.

I got a glass of water and went back upstairs. I laid down next to Lynn. She looked at me and smiled. "You didn't leave."

"No I didn't. I did meet Audrey though."

"Yeah? Did she leave for work?"

"She left. I don't know where she was going though."

"Good. That means that we can do whatever we want wherever we want. Not that her being here would change that though. In fact, she would probably join in." Lynn said cuddling back up to me and closing her eyes.

"Is there something that I should know about you two?"

"You'll find out soon enough." She smiled and drifted off to sleep.

I laid there thinking about the possibilities. But those possibilities are for another story on another day.