 Lauren slowly pulled her tight t-shirt over her head and tossed it to the side. Her firm d-cup tits that had stretched the cotton of the t-shirt all day were still restrained in the white bra, but the bra was low cut and now framed a generous cleavage with innocent looking white lace. She bent over, slowly pulling her shorts down, revealing what at first appeared to be her naked ass, but when she stood up it was obvious that she was wearing white string underwear. She turned around and released her hair, shaking her head until the golden locks flowed free down her back. She looked innocent and pure.

She walked around the room, turning lights off, until the bedside spotlight was the only source of light still on. She stood next to the bed. The light illuminated her pale skin. She reached around and unhooked her bra. She shook it off, bouncing her enormous mounds as the cool night air stiffened her pink nipples. She slowly pulled her last piece of clothing off, leaning forward, her tits blocking the view. Then she stood up and showed her smooth, waxed pussy.

She opened a drawer of the bedside table and took out a giant pink gel vibrator and a tube of lube. She lay on the bed, parted her legs and turned on the vibrator. At first she teased her clit with it and then she started running it up and down her wet slit. Her other hand cupped her tits and she licked her nipples. She moaned and bit her lip. Then she squirted some lube on the giant toy and slowly started penetrating herself with it. She'd parted her legs wide and held them up to open herself wide for the vibrating dong. 

Her face was rigid with pleasure as the pleasure toy filled her completely. Her finger moved to turn up the vibrations and then she switched on the thrust action. Her eyes were closed by now and her mouth open, panting desperately for air. Her free hand squeezed her tits hard, leaving big red marks behind. In the end she had to give in to the immense pleasure and her cries echoed in the night air as the intense orgasm took over her body.

Lauren's cries drifted through the open window, across the balcony, over the fence and into the bedroom of Juan de Almovar who sat in the darkness with his hand around his hard 9 inches. He had been pumping his shaft hard since the young Englishwoman next door had retired to her bedroom. His eyes finally closed and he sighed with relief as he shot his spunk into the night. It was but a temporary relief. As he got up he looked back into Lauren's bedroom and saw her licking her pussy juices off her vibrator while her fingers caressed her clit. How he wanted his tongue to be where her fingers were.

The Spaniard had first seen Lauren a month ago when she moved into the recently renovated house next door. The Seville mansion had been converted into apartments and Lauren had bought the one with windows facing the bedroom wing of Juan's family home. He'd soon realised that the pale English rose had a high sex drive, but apparently no man to please her. He had considered that she might be a lesbian, but then he dismissed that thought. She was far too sensual to be wasted on another pussy.

Every night she performed a highly teasing striptease in her bedroom and by now Juan felt as though he was addicted to it. In the last two weeks he'd turned down two dates and three dinner parties so that he wouldn't miss the show. He came home in the evening and kept a constant eye on Lauren's apartment so that he wouldn't miss the slow reveal of her tempting body.

At 38 Juan was still unmarried, having spent his adult life seducing every woman he wanted. He'd never wanted children and he'd resisted all attempts at getting him down the aisle. Never had a single woman managed to keep his attention for more than a month. For Juan, part of the excitement lay in the seduction. He set his sight on seemingly unattainable women, and sure enough, within a week he usually had them in his bed, lips wrapped around his giant piece of meat, begging for more. He revelled in the power he had over his women. Often, if he'd gone without pussy for a week, he'd drop in unannounced on a former lover and, no matter how much they despised him for dumping them, they always welcomed him back into their arms, even the married ones.

He'd been obsessed with Lauren for a month now. In the last two weeks he'd dropped in on countless former lovers on his way to work, to get rid of the sexual tension in his body. But fucking the other willing pussies only made him hungrier for Lauren. He'd done everything to get to know her. He'd even gone so far as to washing his own car, wearing only a pair of tight shorts, but much as the other women in the neighbourhood fawned over him, Lauren had passed him with a polite hello. In the supermarket, in the garden, in the bar... It didn't matter where he ran into her, she was cool and polite and then left his company. His cock ached as he fell asleep.

The next morning Lauren stretched her naked body and walked up to the window to open it fully. She giggled as she saw her neighbour entering his car to go to work. She knew that he was attracted to her and that made her nightly activities even more fun. She loved to fuck herself with her new best friend, but the thing that excited her the most was knowing that her neighbour was watching with his cock in his hand. She'd been warned about Juan de Almovar. Several of her friends of work had either been seduced and dumped by him, or knew someone who had. The pretty promotions girls were the type of women the well endowed man liked to enslave with his cock.

The first time she met Juan she immediately knew what all the other girls were attracted to. But Lauren didn't want to be just another notch on his bedpost. She knew they'd end up fucking eventually, but she wanted it to be on her terms. So she'd started performing her shows for him one night when she saw him in his bedroom. She knew that he was hooked when she noticed him moving around in the dark room the very next night. Now it had become a habit and putting on her show excited her more than she was prepared to admit. She didn't know how much longer she could keep it up, but it was a fun game to play.

A couple of days, and nights, later Lauren casually strolled home from her bus stop. In her hand she held a bag from Seville's most exclusive lingerie shop. Juan had just parked his car as she passed his driveway. He moved quickly and blocked her path.

"Good evening," he smiled at her as he spoke English with a faint Spanish accent.

"Good evening," Lauren replied, knowing that his dark eyes took in her ample cleavage and the name of the shop that was printed on her bag.

"Would you do me the honour of having dinner with me tonight?" he asked her.

"I'm sorry, I can't."

"Are you going out?"

"No, I just can't. I have to do some things."

"Are you sure they can't wait until tomorrow. It's Friday night after all."

"I wish, but I simply have to do them tonight."

"How about dinner tomorrow night?"

"Sorry, I can't make it tomorrow night either. Thank you so much for inviting me, but now I really have to go."

With those words she turned around and headed for her house. The minute she closed the door behind her she started giggling. If only he knew what her plans for tonight were. She opened her bag and took out the sheer babydoll she'd purchased during her lunch that day. It left nothing to the imagination. Two hours later, armed with a glass of wine and an erotic novel, she stepped out on her balcony, wearing nothing but her transparent garment. Her nipples were fully erect and her pussy wet as she sat down and continued reading the exciting story. She had to read it slowly to understand all the Spanish words and it gave her an opportunity to sit with her fingers teasing her wet slit. She smiled as the pleasure started building in her body.

In the house next door, Juan was desperate. His cock was hard as steal and the tease next door was at it again, even earlier than usual. So that had been her important plan that he'd turned him down for. Reading pornographic tales in a slut's outfit. He finally decided that enough was enough. He was going to fuck her brains out tonight, whether she wanted it or not. With determined steps he walked out of his house and into the house next door. It was his company that had done the conversion so he knew which door went to Lauren's apartment. He started banging on her door and soon she opened it.

She took his breath away. The soft light from the bedroom lit up the babydoll, showing off her figure to him. Then he remembered what he'd come for. He pushed her in and locked the door behind him. He pressed her up against the cool white wall and pinned her hands up above her head with one hand as his other hand pulled off her babydoll. When she was naked, he pressed himself against her and kissed her hard. His tongue soon parted her lips and he devoured her mouth. Her small cries of protest meant nothing to him. His head moved down and he started sucking her tits. He bit her nipples, one by one. God, she tasted good.

Soon he picked her up and walked in to the bedroom where he threw her on the bed. He quickly shed his clothes and his cock jumped to its full 9 inch attention. He lay on top of her and kissed her some more. He wanted no foreplay. A month of cock teasing was enough foreplay for him. His legs parted her thighs and then his cockhead was resting against her slippery slit. She was as horny as he was. His cock needed no help and they cried out in unison as he filled her wet cunt. With one hard thrust he was buried deep inside her and it felt so good. 

She wrapped her legs around his waist as he started rocking his hips. Her bed creaked and they both panted loud as their fucking intensified. Her cunt was soft as satin as he tried to burrow deeper inside her with each thrust. The long month of teasing soon took its toll. With a final thrust he sent her screaming over the edge and as her cunt convulsed around his shaft he started shooting his generous load inside her.

He slowly pulled out and moved down to her battered pussy. His lips locked on her pussylips and he started eating his cum that was now mixed with her sweet nectar. She sprayed him with her cum twice before he was full and by that time his cock was bone hard again. He got her on her hands and knees and fucked her from behind. The pleasure was even more intense now and once again she managed to reach an orgasm at the same time as him.

He got her to suck herself off his cock and then he was ready for more action. She rode him, and with her tits in his hands, her nipples occasionally between his teeth, they orgasmed again. They didn't fall asleep until the early hours. Juan woke up to daylight and slipped out of the bed. He was fully satisfied. He'd taken the cock tease at last. It wasn't until he'd showered and got into his car to go visit some friends whom he'd neglected lately that he realised that last night was the first time he'd ever fucked without a condom. Well, if he was going to get sucked into marriage it might as well be with that young, nubile blonde who was obviously compatible in bed.

Nine months later Juan Jr was born by caesarean and his father made the nurses giggle as he questioned the doctor in depth about how soon he could resume sexual activity with his wife.