 Laurie pulled into his drive-way and shut off the engine to her car. She still couldn't believe she drove over here just cause he asked her to watch a movie. Her heart thumped against her chest hard and she shook her head. Here I am acting like a teenager instead of an adult she thought to herself. Opening the car door she climbed out to walk to his door. Once there she pushed the doorbell button. 

The door opened quickly and there he stood with a smile on his face. "Hey, I was beginning to think you chickened out."

She shook her head, "No, of course not. I said I'd come and I keep my word. Just bad traffic. And..." she paused with a smile, "Maybe the directions to your house were just bad."

He let out a laugh, "Nope, my house is easy to find, its all on you." He stood to the side and held the door to allow her inside. She walked by him and didn't notice his eyes flowing up and down her body, nor the big smile on his face as he checked her out, from the loose t-shirt that ended just above the yoga pants that hugged and showed off her ass. "Nice to see you dressed up." 

She turned and punched him in the arm, "You said we were just watching a movie so I wore my at home movie watching clothes." She looked around the living room and motioned at the walls, "Nice house by the way, I like how you painted the walls in here."

"Thanks," he replied, "We've tried duplicating the texture effect in other rooms but it just failed. I think we just got really lucky with the two colors chosen for this room and how it turned out like a nice orangy looking leather. Plus it helps hide most of the cracks a little bit, so that's a bonus."

"Cracks? Yeah that sucks", she replied as she sat down on the couch and laid her purse on the floor. "So what movie are we going to watch?"

He shrugged his shoulders, "Doesn't matter to me, that's up to you," he replied as he turned the television on and the over head light off, the only illumination in the room came from the screen and the small bank of orange LED lights behind the television. Grabbing the remote he flipped through the movies until she picked one to watch. 

Around thirty minutes into the movie Laurie pulled the handle to recline her end of the couch while he rearranged himself to lay half way across the couch, his hand falling onto her thigh on accident. Her breath caught in her throat for a second while she wondered why that touch sent a small jolt of pleasure through her body. 

"Sorry," he said, "Didn't think I was that close you."

"No biggie", she said controlling her voice, "It didn't bother me."

"Well in that case then," he said as he put his hand back on her thigh and squeezed softly before leaving it there to rest and turned his head back to watch the movie.

She felt her heart beat faster against her chest, you idiot, she thought, its just a hand. Getting back into the movie she forgot his hand was on her thigh until his thumb started to move back and forth slowly across the fabric of her pants. She tried to ignore it and the butterflies starting to form in her stomach. 

The movie ended after another hour, his hand had laid across her thigh the entire time, but she only remembered it when his thumb would move back and forth occasionally, when that happened small jolts of pleasure would travel through her body. Once the credits began to roll he sat up and looked at her. "Did you like it?"

"Yeah, it was very good," she replied with a nod of her head. "Now what? It's still pretty early."

"I don't know, another movie? Maybe some TV? Wanna watch some Big Bang Theory? Those are always good to see over and over. I've probably seen each one like twenty times."

"Okay, I like that show." She watched as he raised his hand to neck and squeeze the side of it as he tried to pop it. "Something wrong?"

"Oh just my shoulders and neck killing me as usual. Getting old sucks." 

She laughed. "Oh I know. Want me to rub them?"

He turned to face her. "I'd love that. No one ever offers." He pushed play on the remote and laid it down as the show started up. Sliding to the edge of the couch he dropped to the floor to sit crossed legged in front of the middle cushion. 

Laurie scooted over and spread her legs around his body, placing her hands on his shoulders she pulled him back against the couch. Her fingers kneaded his muscles, up and down the top of his shoulders from the edge of his arms to his neck. 

Occasional quiet moans escaped his lips as she rubbed. She smiled before she could catch herself from thinking how loud his moans would be in more intense pleasure, not just a light shoulder rub then berated herself for thinking that. One of his hands reached over her leg and began to rub the back of her leg up and down. She almost let out a gasp from surprise, surprise at the touch and surprise that how much she enjoyed the touch. 

After fifteen minutes had passed he said, "That feels really good. Thank you." 

"Anytime, but I need to use the restroom quick so let me up," she replied with light taps on both of his shoulders. He scooted out of her way as she jumped up from the couch and went to the restroom. 

After she finished washing her hands she looked at her self in the mirror and wondered for the millionth time what he saw in that face to keep calling her hottie all the time when they would text. All she saw was a forty year old with dark, straight brunette hair with glasses covering her blue eyes, wearing a plain t-shirt and yoga pants that a million other women her age would wear. With a shake of her head she made up her mind that he's just messed up in the head. Walking back to the living room she found him sitting on the couch where she had just been and a new episode of Big Bang Theory starting. "What are you doing? she asked.

"Its your turn for a shoulder rub. Fairs fair after all." He pointed to the floor. "Sit."

She walked over and sat down with her back to him, her legs crossed in front of her. "Yes, Sir."

He pushed her hair around her neck so it fell down the front of her body and placed his hands on her shoulders and rubbed, "Hmm, sir... I may like being the boss."

She brought her fist down his foot. "NO! I am always in charge."

He laughed. "We'll see about that. Watch the show, this part is funny."

His hands moved back and forth across her shoulders on top of the shirt, although she liked how the skin of his fingers touching her bare neck felt so much better. His fingers lightly traced up and down the sides of her neck, once in a while he'd tease her with light ear lobe squeeze. The first time caught her by surprise, she hoped he didn't know how much she loved that and how much it would turn her on if he kept doing it. 

Before she knew it he was starting another episode of the show, she was stunned he was still rubbing her shoulders, he had already went twice as long as she had. "You don't have to keep rubbing if you don't want to," she said softly. 

"I don't mind. I enjoy it."

Me too she thought. It had been a while since she had been this relaxed. She felt his finger tips slide under the neck of her shirt a little to rub her shoulder muscles a bit deeper and before she even realized what she was doing she lifted her shirt up and off and tossed it to the side.

"Okay..." he said, "That will definitely make it easier."

She sat in stunned silence not able to believe she had just removed her own shirt. Hopefully he couldn't see her face, she might actually be blushing for a change. She also hoped that the little light in the room wouldn't allow him see too many details, for some reason she had ended up wearing her best black lace bra that was practically see through. She knew she should have stuck with a boring white sports bra. 

His hands moved across her bare shoulders. It did feel better skin on skin than through that shirt, except when he would fumble across her shoulder straps every few seconds. Well there was no way she was taking that off she thought just as she felt him push the straps to the side and down her arms leaving her shoulders completely bare. 

With a sigh she accepted it and sat up a little straighter to enjoy the feel of his fingers moving back and forth across her shoulders, pushing into her muscles. Every few minutes he would change it up to rub her neck softly up and down the sides, then under her chin, up across her cheeks and then he'd lightly squeeze her ear lobes and send small charges of electricity through her body. She could really get used to this. She was thankful for the darkness hiding her red face and half exposed chest, she knew her nipples were reacting strongly to his touch. 

She closed her eyes and just thought about the strong fingers on her and felt them slowly begin to rub up and down her upper back. Stopping at her bra he moved back up, all across her back then to her shoulders. Hitting all the spots she liked over and over. On about the fifth trip to the edge of her bra he unhooked it and it fell into her lap. She couldn't believe it! Her bra was in her lap and she was naked from the waist up. Looking down she saw how hard her nipples were and really wished they were covered before he saw how big and turned on they were. She did have to admit to herself though how badly they did need attention. 

"Blushing yet?" he asked as he kept rubbing her shoulders as before like nothing had happened. 

She was determined to not let on how much she was turned on. "Nope. No reason to be." That will show him she thought. 

He pushed her hair away again and she felt his lips softly touch the base of her neck as he laid soft kisses on it, then slowly touched his lips again and again to her skin, traveling up to her hair line. "How about now?"

She let out a soft sigh that turned into a moan. "Yeah... probably. Goose bumps all over my arms too."

"Good," he replied. She couldn't see the huge smile on his face or that he was now sitting up straighter so he could look over her shoulder and down her silhouetted body to the hard nipples that stood straight out from her amazing 36c cup breasts. Even better than he had imagined it. He rubbed her shoulders a few minutes longer before sliding his hands down her arms and away from her body. "Alright, stand up."

She turned her head and looked at him, "Why?"

"Because I said to, duh," he replied with a smile. 

"Okay let me put my bra back on first."

"Nope," he replied as he reached over her to grab the bra from her lap and tossed it across the room. "Stand up and face me."

She frowned at him but her heart was racing, she wondered what he had in mind. Reluctantly she stood up and turned to face him, afraid of his reaction.

"Wow. You look amazing, such a hottie."

"Shut up, liar."

He shook his head. "No, I mean it. Those look amazing. I love your nipples and how big they are hard."

One her arms moved to cover her chest, "Stop it. They do not."

He slid forward a little to to be closer to her. "Yes they are," he replied softly before pushing her arm away and kissing her right nipple lightly. Then he kissed the left one before sucking it softly, twirling his tongue around the tip. He moved back sightly and looked at her. "I love them both... is that a small blush I see? So much for the non blusher."

She put her hands on the top of his head and ran her fingers through his hair, "Shut up, I am not."

He put his hands on the side of her waist and slid her yoga pants down to the floor. "We'll see how long that lasts then..." He leaned in and kissed the front of the black lace boy shorts she was wearing. She placed both hands on his shoulders to keep her balance, her knees were weak all of a sudden. His hands slid up and down the outside of her bare legs, leaving more goose bumps in their wake. Slowly she stepped out of the pants and stood in front of him embarrassed, covered only by her panties.. 

"Turn around," he said, "I want to see both sides of those boy shorts."

"No," she shook her head slowly, "You shouldn't have seen this much."

With his hands he slowly pushed her so she had to spin, with an exasperated sigh she gave in and did a slow spin for him and stopped when she faced him again. "Happy?"

"Yes. Very." The boy shorts had conformed to her ass perfectly. He was sure he could have came right then had she been touching his cock, that was how much he had loved the view. "You look so amazing. I knew I was right every time I called you a hottie."

"Liar" she said softly, but she did smile widely at the compliment.

He laughed as he put his fingers under the elastic rim of the boy shorts and slowly pulled them down to her knees, then to the floor. Her hand flew down to cover her pussy so he missed out on getting a good look. "Now your modest and covering up?" he asked.

She laughed nervously. "Yeah I guess at this point it makes no sense..." she slowly took her hand away.

His eyes went wide as he hand revealed her recently shaved pussy in what little light there was in the room. "What? What's that expression for?" she asked thinking something was wrong.

"Amazement. I never thought you'd be shaved. It looks... Great," he leaned in with a kiss the outside of her lips before licking up and down the middle a little as she stood there.

She ran her fingers through his hair again, with a soft moan she replied, "If you keep doing that I'm going to fall over..."

He got up off the couch and softly drew his fingers across her chin, then across her cheeks before wrapping his hand around her head and pulling her in for a soft long kiss. His other hand wrapped around her body and pulled her tight against him. After many long moments he pulled away and softly said, "Then lay down on the couch."

She stepped around him and laid down longways on the couch on her side, her left leg crossed over her right leg, denying him access and faced him, "Like this?" she asked with a smile.

He got down on his knees on the floor, "No smarty pants, or I guess Miss no pants," he pushed her to roll over on her back, "Like this."

He leaned in and kissed her breasts again, over and over he laid kisses over each one. Pushing his lips against her bare skin, teasing her before finally licking a nipple and sucking it softly, then harder as her moans became louder. He kissed down her body, her stomach, her outer thighs, down her leg until he reached the bottom her body. He pushed her right leg out so it bent at the knee and her foot rested on the floor, moving back up her body he kissed the inner thigh of that leg before moving his tongue to her pussy. 

First he lightly blew on it, teasing her before kissing the outside gently. His tongue licked up and down the outside, her moans soft at first then louder as he penetrated her with his tongue. He slid his hands up her legs and around her thighs, he placed his left hand flat across her body, his thumb barely reaching her clit, running it in slow circles he kept licking her, inside and out. Her body reacted instantly, pushing her pussy against him she encouraged him to keep licking, her moans getting louder, her hands reaching down to his head and pulling him against her. "Yes... oh god..." she whimpered. 

Minutes passed that seemed like hours to her as he licked and kissed her pussy until he stopped and looked up her body at her. Her chest heaved from the deep breaths she took, her breasts swaying back and forth with each breath. "Why are you stopping? she asked while pulling air into her lungs.

He laughed. "My tongue needs a little rest so i thought I'd do this..." With his right hand he brought his fingers up to her soaked pussy and rubbed the outside. Back and forth over her swollen lips. Slowly two fingers slipped inside her, causing her first orgasm to hit, his fingers buried all the way in with his thumb pushing her clit hard, her body bucked as the orgasm shook her entire body, soaking his hand.

She looked down her body and stared at him, his fingers still moving inside her, she held her breath. 

He cocked his head at her, "What?"

"That... was awesome... I'm speechless at how good that felt. You are amazing kisser, and I don't just mean down there, like when you kissed me earlier. I loved it."

He smiled and pulled his fingers out and closed her legs and scooted down the floor to sit next to her head at the other end of couch. "You're a pretty amazing kisser too," getting up on his knees so he could reach her lips with his he kissed her again slow and deep. Pulling back he pushed her hair from her eyes and kept rubbing her cheeks softly with the back of his hand. A look of pain crossed his face.

She sat up on her elbow, "What is it? You okay?"

"Yeah, jeans are just a little tight now."

She laughed, "Well take them off. Fairs fair. Stand up. Pull them down."

"Fine fine." He stood up and undid his jeans and let them slide to the floor, his cock sprang up and pushed against his boxers once free from the confined space it was in. He stepped out of the jeans and kicked them to the side. Before he could move again her hand shot out and grabbed the bottom of the boxers and yanked them to the floor.

Her eyes locked on to his hard cock and her eyes widened. "That's beautiful. I love how thick it is."

"Now you shut up, cocks aren't beautiful, they are all the same," he said.

"Nope," she said, "they are all different and I love how yours looks. I can't wait to feel it."

"Oh? Think your going to feel it are you?"

"Yes. No doubt it," she sat up and put her face eye level with his cock, reaching out she took it in hand and slowly began to stroke it. He sighed and she smiled. "You like that?"

"Yes. Very much." 

She smiled and said, "Then you will love the rest." Leaning forward she kissed the tip before swirling her tongue around the head, teasing it over and over with licks and little kisses. Pushing it so it stood straight up against him, she licked the bottom side of his shaft from base to top before letting it fall straight out in front of him again to again kiss the tip and swirl her tongue around it more. She pulled her lips away and wrapped her right hand around the middle of his cock and pulled him towards the couch. "Sit."

He sat down on the middle seat as she got on her knees on the floor between his legs, she pushed them open so she could reach him easier and began kissing the tip of his cock again as two fingers of her hand encircled it and slid up and down the length. She teased him a few minutes before she took all of him in her mouth, her warm wet lips engulfing it all, over and over her head bobbed up and down. Her hand would pump his cock vigorously while she kissed the tip and then she would play with his balls with her free hand when she took the entire length in her mouth. She repeated this many times as he sat there, his head tilted back in bliss. 

His hands reached out and softly touched her head, threading through her hair, slightly pulling it whenever a spasm would rock his body from her tongue. "That feels amazing," he whispered between moans.She removed his cock from her mouth as her hand still pumped him quickly. With a smile she said, "Good, its suppose to. Tell me when your ready to cum."

"I'm very close now..."

She leaned over until his cock touched her chest between her breasts, her hand pumping harder and harder, his hands pushed against the cushion of the couch as he braced himself to cum. "Here it comes!!"

She pointed his cock at her breasts as spurt after spurt of his cum flew from his body to land against her, until each one or her breasts was covered by him. She released his cock so she could take her hands and ran them her across her body. "I think you did enjoy that. Be right back." She stood and went to the bathroom. He watched go down the hall, loving the view of her naked ass swaying as she walked

A few minutes passed and she came back out with her chest wiped clean of what they had just done. She walked back towards him, watching him warily as he looked her up and down. "What?"
