 Every ranch had its own legends and tales. They were exciting and terrifying stories that were told around campfires or in darkened bunkhouses, and represented the union of local myths and deep, primal fears. They told of outlaws and gunmen that were killed in horrible ways and, refusing to go quietly into the dark embrace of death, were doomed to wander the grounds to seek vengeance against the living. I was pretty certain that those stories were only legends, but I couldn't help but be a little bit spooked on nights like tonight- nights where the clouds covered the sky like a blanket, hiding the moon and the stars, and casting the range into darkness. 

Just as every ranch had its own legends, every trail had its own personality. I was riding back in from the east, after having spent the day repairing fences. The trail to and from the Eastern gate always gave me the creeps; something about it was oppressive. There was a stretch that passed through a narrow gulley, where the rocks seemed to close in and threaten to bury me with every step. That was the exact spot where Bill "Rocky" Cole held out against the lawman's posse, over a century ago. 

I knew that Rocky's ethereal spirit wasn't wandering the canyon looking for his revenge, but I couldn't help but ride a little bit faster through the area. I was the first female ranch hand that this place had ever had, and I wasn't about to let anyone think that I was afraid to be alone in the dark. Sure, I was alone, but I always felt like I was being watched here.

I was quietly grateful when the clouds parted to let the moon shine through, bathing the gulley in its cool, pale light. Even the ground seemed to shimmer; I had to admit that the gulley always had a sort of magic to it, ghost or no ghost. 

Ghost.

For a moment, my mind reeled over the word. But that was what I saw in front of me now, standing in the mouth of the canyon. The moonlight seemed to shine through the figure, and danced around him as he approached. I froze; I wanted to run... wanted to scream... but I couldn't make my body cooperate with my mind. 

"Goddamn, Jenn- took you long enough!" it spoke. 

My mind reeled, but gradually logic took over. I recognized the voice. And, as the figure came closer, I recognized my fellow ranch hand. "Jesus, Len. You scared the hell outta me. What the hell are you doing out here this late?"

Len grinned. "Sorry 'bout that. One of the calves got herself loose, and I had to track her down. Got her back in, but saw that you weren't back yet, so figgered I'd see if you needed a hand. Looks like you're all set with the fence; but I reckon you might still need a hand anyhow." 

I could see the devilish look on his face; I knew exactly what he was getting at. "No way, Len. That's over with," I said as I dismounted. I carefully scanned the canyon entrance, irrationally afraid of being overheard. I didn't want to be seen as easy; I was going to earn my reputation on my horse, not on a man.

"We were fucking lucky last time," I continued. "Lucky we didn't get caught. I mean, fuck, I still had cum leaking from my goddamn pussy when Mick was talking to us. There's no way we're talking our way out of it again." I saw the pained look pass over Len's face. I didn't want to hurt him, but I didn't feel that I had much of a choice. 

"Right, just give it all up, just like that. Bullshit. You don't think I see you lookin' at me? Hell, you don't think I hear what you're doin' in the bunkhouse at night when you think we're all asleep?" He stepped closer, and lowered his voice as he continued. "You want this as bad as I do. When we damn near got caught last time, we were stupid about it. We deserved to get caught. But now, here... alone on the trail... There's no one around to catch us."

I stepped away. But I could only manage a half-step. Len was right. And the more I tried to ignore my urges, the stronger they became. "Len, please..." I began. But I didn't know how to finish. I wasn't sure if I wanted to beg him to stay away, or beg him to come closer. 

Len smiled; I knew that he could see the conflict within me. The conflict between what I knew that I should do and what I wanted to do. So I pressed. I closed the half-step, standing mere inches from him. The air between us was electric, and I fought against my every desire. I wanted nothing more than to pick up where we had left off; more so, I wanted to cum this time- last time, we were interrupted before I could. And since that time, I hadn't been able to think of anything else. Len was right; every night, I replayed our liaison in my mind. Every night, I came by my finger, but felt unfulfilled. I knew what I was missing. What I was missing was right in front of me, offering himself to me. 

"You won't tell anyone?" I asked finally. 

"Not a soul," Len replied. He leaned in close and pressed his lips against my own. We had never kissed before, and the sensation was unexpectedly stimulating. Len pulled me closer, wrapping his arms around my back and sliding his tongue past my lips. Our kiss moved from tentative to exploratory, then from exploratory to erotic. Eventually we broke the kiss, leaving us each gasping for air. Our hearts pounded in our chests as we stared at each other in the moonlight, searching our feelings. But we both reached the same conclusion at the same time- our feelings could wait. Tonight was entirely about desire and lust.

Without a word, we separated- but only far enough to give ourselves room to partially undress. I removed my riding chaps and laid them over my saddle while Len sat on a nearby rock to remove his boots. He had already taken off his jeans and boxer shorts by the time that I was pulling my boots from my feet. I took a moment to admire Len's cock; the pale skin of the delicate flesh caught the moonlight, and my mouth began to water at the sight. 

My mind flashed back to the time before- back when I was trying to close my mouth around it. I smiled at the memory as I finished removing my boots and my Jeans. From the waist up, both of us were purely ranch hands, clothed in comfortable and practical clothing. Below the waist, however, we were both very exposed. And we were both very ready. 

Neither of us spoke, as though we were afraid to break the spell that had come over the canyon. Instead, we moved silently, taking in every sight and every sound as we quickly embraced. I could feel his throbbing manhood pressed between us, and I melted in his strong arms. I felt both secure and aroused in them, and I knew that I couldn't let this be the last time that I felt that way. That thought, however, I kept to myself.

"Against that rock," Len whispered, pointing to a boulder just off the path. It was flat on the top, and came up to about waist-high. It was perfect. 

I nodded and picked my way through the dirt and rocks to reach it. Although I had thick, callused feet from hard living, the unforgiving ground still shot bolts of pain through them as I walked across it. I hardly noticed, except to privately note that the brief pain would only serve to heighten the pleasure that was sure to follow. 

I reached the rock and carefully rested my palms flat against it, leaning forward with the stone as my support. I arched my back, thrusting my ass outwards. My pose seemed to have the intended consequence, judging by the sharp inhalation of breath that I heard behind him. 

"Spread your legs wider." Len's voice washed into my ear, and I felt his hand rest on the small of my back as he leaned in to speak. I shivered slightly with the sensation, despite the relatively warm night. 

"Like this?" I asked. I knew Len. He liked to be the one giving the commands. And I, fortunately, enjoyed receiving them. During their first encounter, Len had quickly taken charge. I was generally used to being the one in control- the one that made the decisions. But that night, I gave in completely; I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. 

"Yeah, perfect," came the reply. Len slid his hand down my back and over the soft curve of my ass. He traced my body's tight contours, running a finger along the crack and down to my inner thigh. 

My pussy was already throbbing with the attention and the building sexual tension, and I wondered if I could contain myself once Len reached it. Len ran his hand between my legs and along my smooth inner thigh, then slowly traced his finger along my moist lips. I moaned slightly when he touched me, teasing my body with perfect precision and care. He continued his journey over my body, and pressed his finger just inside my hole. He parted my lips, and I moaned again.

When he played with my clit, I could already feel the promise of climax building deep in my body. I forced the thoughts from my mind, concentrating on other non-sexual things. I really didn't want to cum- not yet. When I came, I wanted to have Len inside me. I couldn't trust my own willpower, so it was really a relief when he left my poor, unfulfilled pussy alone. 

"I want your cock in me," I moaned. I hadn't been so forward last time, but our present circumstances and too many nights of sexual fantasies had emboldened me. "Fuck me, Len," I added. 

"Damn right, I'm gonna fuck you," he replied. He ran his hand around my waist, back to my pussy, and collected the sweet nectar that had begun to collect on my lips. He added that to his own precum and rubbed the mixture on his cock to act as lubrication; it wasn't much, but it would make the insertion that much easier. Hell, I was already wet enough that he probably didn't need anything more. Maybe it was just for the fun of it. 

He used one hand to part my pussy lips, and the other to align the tip of his cock to my opening. Carefully, even gently, he pressed inside until only the head was held in place by my lips. The moment was electric for both of us; I wanted to take Len completely into my body all at once, and I knew that Len wanted nothing more than to slide deep inside and fuck me with long, passionate strokes. But we both knew that we needed to take it slow. 

"Fuck; I forgot how tight you are," Len moaned.

"You're so big," I moaned, as though it were some sort of explanation. I forced the words out between deep breaths and shallow moans, and focused on relaxing my body. I could feel my hole contract around the tip of Len's cock. After a moment, I relaxed and Len was able to slide in a little bit further. 

It became an intimate dance- Len would press in until my body contracted around him, squeezing his cock tightly. Then I would relax again, and Len would press in just a little bit deeper. Neither of us spoke. The only sounds were from a coyote howling in the distance, frogs singing their mating songs and the occasional hushed groan or grunt from the one of us as Len slid deeper and deeper in my pussy. 

Finally, out bodies were pressed tightly together, with Len's cock pressed deep into me. I could feel the tip deep inside me, giving me the distinct sensation of being both full and physically desperate at the same time. Slowly, he withdrew, leaving only the tip inside once again. I felt empty then, but knew that it wouldn't be for very long. We had all night, and I had every intention of seeing the act through to completion this time. Len repeated the process, pressing inside inch by satisfying inch, until he was once again deep inside me. 

"Are you ready?" he whispered. 

I nodded. I was ready. I was very ready. 

Len's next thrust was harder; deeper. Our bodies clapped together as out skin pressed against the other's, and I had to brace myself against the force of it. I moaned as Len hit spots even deeper inside me, and steadied myself against the passionate thrusts that followed. I felt his hands on hips, using them for leverage as he slid in and out of me in long, deep strokes. Instinctively, we found a sexual rhythm- Len, pulling my body towards him with each thrust; and me, pushing backwards to meet him. 

I could tell that Len was growing closer and closer to climax. His motions became more frenzied, driving deeper each time, as though he were instinctively trying to drive as far inside my pussy as possible when he delivered his warm, creamy load. His breath came out in raspy, short moans and his grip on my hips grew tighter- nearly painful. Perhaps it was my imagination, but I thought that I could feel the tightness of his balls when they slapped against me, and the swelling of his cock as he prepared to cum inside me. I could almost picture the cum shooting from his swollen cock, leaving his load deep in my receptive, unprotected pussy.

"Oh, fuck... I'm gonna... I'm gonna..." Len moaned. 

"Cum in my pussy!" I begged, pushing back against his body to meet the next stroke. I was close to my own orgasm, driven by the raw eroticism of the moment and the feeling of his long, hard cock sliding in and out of me. But I denied the sensation for the moment. My fantasies were coming true tonight. 

He didn't reply, except for a deep, guttural groan. He pulled my body tightly against his own, and pressed his cock deep inside my pussy as he came. I could feel his cock explode inside me, shooting thick, warm ropes of cum deep into my pussy. His cock twitched and throbbed as he emptied his load, filling me with his seed. He waited there for a long moment, ensuring that every drop left his cock, then slowly slid out of me. As he withdrew his cum-coated cock, a thick drip ran from my gaping hole and slid down my quivering thigh. We both breathed heavily, allowing the sensations to wash over us, crash, and then fade into a warmth that spread through our bodies. 

"You made a mess," I joked, tracing my finger along his still-throbbing cock. I could feel my cum and his own on the shaft. "I think I still owe you something from last time, when we got interrupted," I replied with a devilish grin. Without explanation, I dropped to my knees, ignoring the pain that the hard ground brought. 

I gripped the base of Len's thick cock and pressed it into my warm mouth. I took in the soft head, running my tongue over the tip as it slid over my tongue. I could taste both of our juices, and allowed the fluid to run over my tongue and slip down my throat. I forced my jaw to open wider, taking in the thick shaft and allowing it to slide towards the back of my throat. 

Much like he had, I went slowly- I hadn't yet overcome my own gag reflex, and could only take him in so far. I allowed him to control the pace, and I took him in as deeply as I could. I gagged slightly when the tip pressed against the back of my throat, but I also kept him in place and relaxed my throat to try again. Although I couldn't take him any deeper, I looked up at him as I worked the tip and the shaft with my lips and tongue, enjoying the reaction that I was provoking. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back, losing himself in the sensation as I ran my hand up his leg and to his cock, stroking the shaft in time with the motions of my head. 

I could feel a warm trail of cum leaking from his pussy, and that sensation brought me back to awareness. I didn't know if Len could cum again so soon, but that's not really what I was after. We had stopped just on the edge of my own release, and I wanted him to stay hard to finish me off. There was something enjoyable about being left at the edge... it made climax that much better. It wasn't long before I figured that I had waited long enough. He was going to fuck me. I was going to cum. 

I promised myself that I would let Lem cum my mouth another time, but tonight we were both going to get off. He groaned when I pulled away. I ignored the questioning look that he gave me, and was momentarily distracted by the way my saliva reflected the moonlight on his cock. I liked the way it looked. 

"Make me cum," I grinned, jumping on the flat-topped rock and laying on my back. Len nodded, and I could see the raw desire in his eyes. 

"Fair's fair," he grinned, more than eager to try again. He climbed on the rock, covering my body with his own. And in a very brief moment, he was inside me once again. There was no preparation- I didn't need it. I was just relieved to have him inside me once again. I needed it. 

I looked deep into Len's eyes as he fucked, silently thanking whatever fortune had given me this opportunity. I had cum so many times thinking about this moment, but always knew that my fantasies would nowhere as good as reality that I was experiencing now. He pushed deep into me with each stroke. Our bodies had become one, and we could each feel the trembling from the other's bodies. 

"Oh, God," I moaned. Somehow, this time was even better than just minutes before. Perhaps it was because I knew that I was going to cum. "I've... I've never felt anything like this. I feel... I'm stuffed. It's amazing, I..." I started to ramble, lost in a sensual haze that was devoid of reason. My words hung heavily in the air, and I could only lower my head and press against his chest, signaling for more. I wrapped my legs around him, pulling him closer to me with each thrust.

The mixture of pleasure and pain brought me to a height that I never knew existed, and I stopped trying to form words as I gave into the pleasure. All that existed for me was my pussy and the cock that was buried inside it. I didn't care if we got caught; I couldn't even remember why I had come out to the canyon that night; my problems and concerns were long-gone. I only wanted to feel Len cum inside me, and I wanted every drop of it in his pussy. I hoped that he could. I needed it.

And Len, it seemed, was inclined to agree. He slowly began pumping his throbbing cock in and out of my pussy, moving his hips rhythmically as he pressed deeper and deeper inside. I could feel my long-denied orgasm building once again, threatening to overwhelm me. And by Len's moans, and by the way he pressed against my body, I could tell that he was also close to a second climax. He slid his hand down my body and began teasing my clit as he fucked me. That was all I needed

"Shit... I'm gonna cum again," he moaned. "I've never..." he trailed off. But I knew what he was going to say. But the taboo nature of our sex, paired with his longstanding desire for me, had brought him to that point. 

I knew when he came inside me again. Like before, he pushed deep inside me as the orgasm took over. And knowing that he was cumming inside me pushed me over the edge, finally and completely. I could feel the long ropes of cum that blasted from his cock into me, filling him deep inside. We each lost ourselves in the deep waves that passed through our synchronized bodies, his cock and my pussy bringing the other to an elevated state that could only be found in this moment. I was satisfied- happy, even. I had wanted his cum ever since we were interrupted; and now, I had received it. 

And Len also finally got what he wanted. Slowly, I slid my fingers over his cock, ensuring that I lured every single drop of cum from his body and left his balls empty. Only then did he pull out of me, allowing his thick, cum-coated cock to fall free from tight pussy. I could feel his second load leaking from me, pooling on the cool stone. It seemed fitting, somehow, that we would leave the canyon forever marked. No longer was it the haunted canyon, where I cowered from imaginary ghosts. Now it was the place where I had finally had Len's cock- where he came inside me for what I hoped would be the first of many times. And every time I passed our boulder, I would remember that magical night under the moonlight.