 The last time I had seen Laurie she was the cute teen down the street who hung out with my wife's sister. Now my wife's sister was getting married and Laurie had come all the way from England for the wedding. She was a successful publisher, but carried herself with a sweet attitude, a smile, and gorgeous long blonde hair. Her body was well toned and when we greeted each other with a hug, I could tell that she worked out. The hug lingered a bit and we exchanged a smile as she checked in to this lovely country inn.

Being the gentleman that I am, I insisted on helping Laurie take her luggage to her room. I purposely let her lead the way up the winding steps. As I followed her, I got a great view of her legs and all I could think of is what this gorgeous woman would taste like if I could eat her from behind. As we reached the third floor, my cock was hard and pressed up by my jeans, rubbing against my skin with every step.

Laurie led me down a hall, around the corner to another hall, and finally to her door. I was ready to follow her anywhere, and felt a twinge of disappointment when we reached her room. She unlocked the door, and I followed her inside with two of her cases. As I turned to leave, I remember wondering where I could go to masturbate, but Laurie said, "Please don't go. Let's chat while I unpack".

Sitting in a big stuffed chair, I watched her every movement. Laurie has this wonderful grace, and I loved watching her bend, stretch, move in every direction as she emptied her cases. As she finished with the two I had carried, I lifted them onto a storage shelf. As I turned to go back to the chair, Laurie unzipped the last case, and out fell a purple jell-cock vibrator. 

Time, movement, conversation and breathing stopped. The first thing I recall is noticing that I was salivating. I guess the color purple does that to me. Then I walked over and picked the purple cock up. There was clearly a recently used scent on it as I handed it to a very embarrassed, blushing, young woman. All Laurie could say is "Thank you". And at that, the two of us burst out laughing and fell into a mutual embrace.

Laurie said "Now what?" which led me to say "Now you show me how you use that." She laughed—I didn't. I repeated, "Now you show me how you use that." Laurie replied, "I used it a few hours ago over the Atlantic. I'm more interested in the real thing now." And as she said that, Laurie grabbed my belt and began to unbuckle me.

I grabbed her hand away from my belt and kissed her hard on the mouth. She was wearing a white silk-buttoned blouse and I grabbed the collar and, while she gasped just tore it off of her body. I then unsnapped Laurie's black lace bra and let it fall to the floor. I bent forward and took her pouting left nipple between my teeth, while I unbuttoned her skirt. All that was left between us were her black lace panties. 

I let Laurie's nipple lose while slithering down her body, stopping long enough to leave a trail of kisses from her chest to her panty line.

Now I took my tongue and moved the elastic of her panties to the side while I breathed in her pussy's sweet scent. This hot babe had already soaked through her panties with cum and I went in for a fresh taste by sucking her clit between my teeth and flicking it with my tongue. Laurie's hands were on the back of my head and she was moaning. I fondled her ass as our momentum took us to her bed.

Laurie was on her back and I hovered over her sexy body, admiring it while I took off my clothes. She looked back at me and began to rub her wet clit. By the time I was undressed, Laurie had a bed-shaking orgasm and said "Fuck me now. Right now". 

However, Laurie was about to learn that I rarely do what I am asked. I love to tease, so I returned to eating Laurie's sweet, shaved pussy and finger fucking her, and massaging her g-spot. In between orgasms, Laurie continued to beg for me to fuck her. But first, I turned her over and paid attention to her incredibly sexy ass. I was considering fucking her from behind, but instead I grabbed her pussy and slid both thumbs in resting them on her g-spot. I began pressing and rubbing it between my thumbs and the firmness of the mattress. Laurie got quiet and then erupted in one long orgasm that soaked my hands and the sheets. 

As Laurie came down from her orgasms I was licking her cum off my fingers. She decided to take control and pushed me down and got on top of me. In one motion she grabbed my red, hot, hard, wet cock and slid it into her sopping cunt. She rode me like a wild woman, and while we thrusted and ground against each other our lips and tongues were constantly intertwined. We came together and I could tell that my balls were totally drained into Laurie's wetness.

She collapsed on top of me and flexed her pussy muscles around my shrinking cock while we continued kissing. We took turns sucking and biting on each others lower lip while grinding against each other like two campers trying to stoke a fire. I was paying a great deal of attention to Laurie's nipples and as I sucked one and pinched the other she began to moan. I could feel her pussy contracting, her breathing becoming faster, and she was moaning softly with her hot mouth near my ear. 

As I eased up on her nipples, Laurie asked "What WAS THAT?" referring to her orgasms brought on by my manipulation of her erect nipples. We smiled at each other and slowly came down from where we had gone together.

Laurie slid off of me and we chatted and fondled. She asked me to roll onto my stomach—in fact she rolled me over and lied down on my back. She began to kiss her way down after whispering "Time to get even" into my ear. Hmmm…I wondered, what that meant.

It meant that Laurie was to use her prior training as a nurse (which I had forgotten about) to do something to me that no one else had ever done. That is, "milk" my prostate gland. As she lubed her fingers using her own pussy juice, Laurie said, "Men have g-spots too. I want to find yours". 

When she slid her fingers into my ass as I relaxed on my side Laurie grabbed my already hard cock with her other hand and began the milking process. I could feel pressure quickly building up between my ass and balls as she massaged me inside and out. I recall losing total control as the first stream of cum shot out of me. I then recall that Laurie's face disappeared behind her long hair as she dove for my cock. She replaced her hands with her mouth on my cock and sucked me dry. My balls had never felt emptier but Laurie fed most of the cum back to me off her tongue.

Over the next two days and nights Laurie and I stole away whenever we could. One night I watched from around the corner while she sucked off a young busboy behind the bar. She then took me out to her rental car and fucked herself with her vibrator while I fucked and came inside her tight ass. 

The night of the wedding, Laurie was dressed in a black strapless short dress, black on black stockings, and looking at her made me want to fuck her brains out. She made me so horny, that during the wedding reception, I went upstairs to my room ready to masturbate with Laurie in mind. To my surprise, as I walked past her room her door opened and she was about to go back downstairs. We chatted in the hall for a moment and then she hugged me and neither of us let go--we walked into her room, and without a word undressed each other made love for the next 45 minutes. We dressed and held a few lingering kisses before going back to the reception. 

I recently was in England on business and I didn't need a hotel room. That is another story worth writing about!