 Laurie was ready to leave the country inn where the wedding was held and head back to her life in London. Her flight was scheduled for noon, and she purposely cancelled the airport car service and we feigned an emergency. How would she get to the airport on time for her flight? I gallantly volunteered to "rescue" my sexy lover.

We quickly loaded my car for the jaunt from Fredericksville to Dulles. As we drove away, Laurie's head disappeared below the window line as she pulled my zipper down and caught my hard cock in her wet mouth as it sprung toward her. While I drove, Laurie expertly grew my cock—it was now touching the back of her throat. She has a way of pressing its head between her palate and her tongue that drives me wild.

Coming up for a moment of air, Laurie slipped out of her three-button driver's shirt and unbuttoned her long denim skirt. Both were now on the floor. Finally, there was Laurie in her black-skin tight mesh body suit, her hard nipples pressing forward. She leaned away from me, resting her back against the door while spreading her legs so that I could see her wet cunt glistening through the crotch opening. Looking right at me, Laurie slipped two and then three fingers into and out of her wetness, moaned, and seductively licked her cum off of each digit.

That was all I could just watch as I pulled my car into the airport's parking garage and into a spot between two cars farthest from the entrance. In one motion I stopped, turned off the ignition, unfastened the seat belt and began to finger fuck Laurie while sucking on her engorged clit. My lover began to hump my face while soaking it with her juices. Almost immediately her body became tight and her breathing became shallow. Laurie let out one long moan and then she cried out my name. She stopped moving and then I watched her cunt literally gush out at my face that was no more than three inches away. I had never been so covered in a lover's sex, and she was quickly pushing me over the top—no doubt I needed to fuck her brains out.

Taking Laurie's hand, the two of us slipped into the back seat. What I wanted is what she needed so she straddled my lap. No longer able to allow the body stocking to be a barrier, I reached down, slipped both hands into its sopping crotch, and tore the material in opposite directions. Laurie mounted my cock in fast order and began to fuck me with such fervor that my teeth couldn't get a firm grip on her mesh covered hard nipples. So, I used my fingers to pinch them and use them as handles to steady the upward thrusts of my body. 

A moment later while Laurie was looking down at me our eyes locked and together we switched from thrusting to grinding—from nipple pinching to long tongue kisses. I am not sure which of us came first, but I do know that my balls released streams of sperm into the wettest cunt my cock had ever visited. Laurie muffled the sounds of her body shaking orgasm by burying her face in my left shoulder, leaving it there as she slowly came down. 

As we sat there intertwined, Laurie asked "How long until I have to check in?" I recall hesitating before looking at my watch, not wanting this interlude to end. To my surprise I was able to say to Laurie "We still have about a half hour." We began to kiss and gently lick each other's lips while removing the remnants of Laurie's wet, torn, stained body suit.

The kisses led to groping and the groping resulted in Laurie getting on her knees and hanging her body over the front seat in a modified doggy style position. With her pussy squarely in front of my face my tongue reached for her clit while my thumbs explored her pussy and settled on her swollen g-spot. I craved Laurie's scent and taste and I was getting a full dose of both as I ate and sucked her while massaging her insides. Her voice was barely audible but her breathing told a story of a sexy highly charged woman having one orgasm after another. 

All of this activity was bringing my drained cock back to life. I draped my body over Laurie's and began to fuck her from behind. She reached over and pointed the rear view mirror at us and we fucked while watching the reflection of each other's expressions. After a few minutes I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled us down onto the back seat. Laurie was sitting on my lap and was flexing her cunt around my cock. 

She began to thrust back against me, and on one forward motion I slid my cock all the way out of her cunt and ran it up to her asshole that was waiting for attention. It was "open" and ready and my cock was wet enough to slide in with one thrust. Laurie bounced away and cried out as she finger fucked her pussy while I clamped my fingers around her bare nipples. With my cock way inside of her ass we quickly came within seconds of each other and sat there in our slippery wetness until it was time for her to check in for her flight.

As I walked Laurie to the ticket counter all I could think about was that there was nothing under her shirt and skirt. I wanted one more touch, one more taste, one more of everything. Laurie reached into her backpack and handed me a black silk stocking that she was wearing when we made love the night of the wedding. Inside was a cock shaped vibrator inscribed with the following words "On loan until I see you in London. Love, Laurie." 

On the way back to my car I stopped and purchased the ticket I would need to return the vibrator to its rightful pussy. 

To be continued...