 Laurie wore a robe as she stepped out her back door. Underneath, she was naked. She was complying with the rules her neighbor Stan had set for her. 

She stood there for a minute or two, checking out the view of her yard. She didn't hear anyone outside so she dropped the robe from her shoulders and slid out of it. She laid it across the same chair that she had been fucked silly on yesterday by the two lawn guys.

This morning, she discovered that neighbor Stan had seen the whole thing. He was now blackmailing her to keep it a secret. Laurie was a high school teacher and although she was single, she didn't think it would go over well in the community if they found out she was banging young studs in her backyard, especially former students of hers. It didn't matter if they were in college or not.

Laurie walked nude around the corner of her house, her bare feet carefully stepping on the walking stones in the grass. The smell of the freshly cut lawn brought back more memories of the day before.

As she approached the back fence, she saw a wooden panel moving. The fence panel moved from side to side for a few seconds and then was lifted away. Stan's face appeared in the gap with a smirk on his face. 

"Thanks for showing up," he said with a sarcastic tone. 

"Like I had a choice," she replied back.

"This needs to be quick." He said. "I've got to go shopping with Liz as soon as she gets out of the shower."

"How nice of you to go shopping with your wife," she said with dripping sarcasm. "You're the ultimate husband."

"Let me worry about that," he told her. "You just need to worry about this." As he said that, he pushed his body up against the fence and his hard pink cock poked through the gap.

"Wow," she thought to herself, almost forgetting what brought her here in the first place, "he does have a nice cock."

Laurie breathed in deeply and let out a long sigh as she moved to her knees at the fence. She gave his cock a long look. 

Just as he was about to tell her to hurry, he felt her tongue right on the head of his cock. She licked him quickly, just to get a taste of his precum as it dripped from the tip.

Then she let her lips brush against the pinkish/purple head and slid it into her mouth. 

For Stan, it was like nothing he had experienced in a long time. Laurie's wet mouth was so hot that it felt like liquid fire. 

She worked her tongue over him as she sucked him in further.

Without warning, Stan slammed him body up hard against the fence and his cock spasmed in her mouth. Laurie felt the first spurt as it sprayed down her throat. Surprised at how fast he came, she pulled him out of her mouth.

"Nnngh!" Stan moaned, "don't stop...don't stop." 

Laurie worked her hand all over his cock as he continued to cum. She caught his load in her free hand and then worked it all over the sensitive head. 

"Ohhhhh," Stan moaned as she milked him and worked the final drops out.

Stan finally slowed his pelvic thrusting against the fence and opened his eyes. He started to pull back away but Laurie had a firm grip on his softening cock.

She stood up and looked at him hard. Her grip on his cock tightened.

"Okay Stanley," she began, "you've had your fun. This is it."

"What?" he replied, "I don't think so. Let me go."

Laurie gripped his cock even harder and gave a hard tug. Stan had to push his whole body up against the fence now.

"No, Stan. This is it. I'm not going to live my life as your little sex slave. You saw something you shouldn't have, and you got your little thrill out of it. This morning, you got more than you ever should have. Now back away and back off."

She let his cock slide through her hand and she released him. 

He stepped quickly back from the fence.

"You bitch! I was only having some fun." He told her as he tucked his cock back into his shorts.

Laurie stood up, and he still couldn't help but stare at her gorgeous naked body. 

"Now Stanley," she began, speaking with authority. "You've got a nice cock and I might even want to see it again sometime. But if you think you're going to use me whenever YOU want, you can just think again. If you ever attempt to do what you did this morning without me asking for it first, then your lovely little wife will find out just how naughty you are."

Stan looked at her with disbelief. "Why would you do that?" he asked. "I'd be forced to tell everyone about you fucking around with your former students." 

Laurie leaned closer to the fence and whispered, "Because if you give me any trouble, I'll just have to give everyone the video."

Stan's heart nearly stopped beating in his chest. 

"Wha....wha...what video?" he asked.

She smiled sweetly and said, the one being recorded right now from the camera in my guest bedroom window."

In shock, Stan looked up. Sure enough, he could see the blinking red light of the camera.

"Yeah Stanley," she said. "That would be the camera that's so carefully positioned that it's recording your face right now. Luckily for me, it's only recording the top of my head."

Stan looked away from the window and stared dumbly over at her.

"Yes, Stan, you really can't tell who I am on the film," she said teasingly as she ran her hands over her breasts. "But I bet my naked body would show up pretty nicely, don't you?"

She turned to go, but then stopped and turned back.

"Like I said earlier, Stanley. Nice cock. I might even want to see it again sometime. Ta Ta. Have fun shopping."

Laurie turned and walked back into her house, bending down to pick up the robe along the way.

She closed the door and locked it and then, giggling, she ran upstairs to the video camera. 

She watched the playback about five times that day, finding herself drawn to it again and again. She came each time, using her fingers and her toys, and each orgasm was more powerful than the one before.

"Hmmm," she thought to herself that night while relaxing in the tub. "Maybe Stanley would like to have his own private copy?"