 Paul held his pool stick and aimed with the utmost precision. His left eye was level with the table and he saw the shot lined up perfectly. Beads of sweat trickled down his hardened face. Steve, his partner, watched on nervously. Their friends, Chris and Albert, were playing against them, and they (Paul and Steve) were getting the shit kicked out of them. Paul finally took his shot - and missed. And cursed. And banged his fist upon the table.

"You suck, Paul!" Albert exclaimed. Paul looked up at him, waiting for the angst to subside. "Oh, shut up," he mustered. Chris grinned. "Wanna just forfeit now?" Steve stood in a super hero-like manner. "I'd sooner take a dick in my mouth!"

Paul quickly stepped away from Steve. "What he said," Paul uttered weakly. Soon, however, the game lost its relevance. The friends got drunker and they eventually started to leave. Chris and Albert declared that they had to get moving, and since they only lived a good five minutes from the pool hall them walking was perfectly reasonable.

In fact, all four of these friends lived in the same real fuckin' nice town. After Chris and Albert left, Steve and Paul sat around for a while until Steve felt a vibrating sensation. He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out his pager.

"Damn," he muttered, "it's Ashley."

Paul began to laugh. "I can't believe she's got you on a pager, man!" he wheezed. "You are so fucking whipped!"

Steve got up and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I'm such a pussy," he told Paul on his way to the door, "watch me go get laid."

Steve exited and placed his hands on the hood of his car, realizing he was far too drunk to drive. "Shit," he mumbled to himself. He remembered that something important happened today, but exactly what had escaped him. He opened the car door and sat in the driver's seat. He pulled a cigarette out of his pocket and lit it. Trying to remember, struggling to conjure up the memory of what today meant, it seemed to sober him up. He took a long drag off of the cigarette and right before blowing out a large cloud of smoke it hit him. "Fucking anniversary!" he cursed.

He slammed the door shut and raced the car around town in a desperate attempt to find any store open that sold anything Ashley might like. Eventually, he stopped at a liquor store. He trudged in and subconsciously headed for the alcohol. 'Maybe she'd like some champagne', he thought. He knew champagne was for memorable occasions, and things like this were memorable, so he went ahead and bought a bottle. This was a very rare liquor store, the kind you'd only find in a real fuckin' nice town because it sold flowers, which would effectively get Steve out of this bind. He knew she loved tulips to no end, so he got those. He got back into the car and drove toward Ashley's house.

After a good ten minute trek, Steve slowly approached the door. He was relatively frightened as he neared the house entrance, tentatively holding champagne and tulips. He reached the door and rang the doorbell with fright. 'Damn', he thought, 'maybe I am a whipped wuss'. As he pondered this, the door swung open, and there stood Ashley, all 5'3" of her. She was such a cute, innocent looking thing, her bright green eyes, her creamy flesh, her brown shoulder-length hair. Despite these attributes, if she wanted she could scare the hell out of Steve. She was adorned with Steve's Static-X shirt, panties, and a bra, nothing more. She also wore a scowl that quickly changed into a grin when she saw the flowers and champagne. Steve smiled sheepishly. "Hi," he offered. She eyed him curiously. "Where have you been?" she asked, not in a pissed off tone, but in a more concerned manner.

Steve cleared his throat. "Well, I had to have a couple drinks on my way," he explained. Then, struggling not to be sarcastic, he told her, "It's our three month anniversary. It's a big deal."

She smiled. "Oh, I almost forgot," Steve mumbled. He handed Ashley the flowers. "I know how you love tulips," he clarified. She took them and smelled them like all girls do. "Mmmmmmm, they smell so nice," she told him, seductively rubbing Steve's chest. She raised her head as close as it would go to Steve's ear. "I suppose you want your present now."

He looked down at her cute little visage and couldn't resist; he leant down slightly and began kissing her. His mouth absorbed her tongue as it entered, and a shoving match ensued behind Steve's lips, and eventually it sprawled back into Ashley's mouth. Steve ran his hand through Ashley's light brown hair lovingly. Soon his hand was flat on her scalp and he had hair in his palm, so he balled his hand up, making a fist, and effectively but gently pulled on her hair. Ashley trembled and gasped at this a bit, but their passionate kiss remained unbroken.As their osculation escalated in fervor, Their hands began to explore the other. Steve's hands charily yet swiftly moved down to her small, firm breasts and he kneaded them. The effluerage gradually intensified, and Ashley was moaning tirelessly into Steve's mouth. Her soft hands brushed down his washboard stomach to his crotch, and she hastily pulled out his hardening cock. Steve removed a hand from Ashley's left tit and finally closed the front door; this got a laugh out of Ashley, and their mouths finally separated. They looked deep into each other's eyes for a moment and lost track of time, because they did that for a good solid minute. "Fuck the present," Steve said breathlessly. "I just want you."

He picked her up and delicately laid her down on the floor. He licked her breasts over his shirt and she writhed underneath him. As he did this, Ashley decided to simply take the shirt off, and she did so. Steve stood over her on his knees and removed his shirt, his stiffy out of his pants and parallel with his stomach. She looked up at him lustfully, he had never before looked so handsome to her. He lowered his head ino her crotch, his face right in front of her white, silky panties. He slowly slid them off. Before he did anything, he looked up at his beautiful girlfriend. "Would you like some champagne, babe?" 

Her heart fluttered. "Please," she answered. He took the cork out and smiled at her. "Well, too bad," he joked. He slugged down quite a bit and then handed it to her. She put the bottle to her lips and drank. Suddenly she felt Steve's breath on her trickling cunt. She almost spit it out, but she held it in and drank more. She finished and put the bottle down beside her, letting Steve tease her pussy. He kissed her inner thighs and she groaned breathily in response. He kissed his way up to her chest and grabbed the champagne bottle. Then, without warning, he slowly poured the champagne over her quim. He licked it off of her smooth, slick mound as she screamed maniacally.

"Oh, god! Don't stop...fuck! That feels so fucking good..."

Steve then put the bottle aside and licked up the last of it off of her body. He was tired of the champagne's taste now. Now he wanted to taste Ashley's musky sweetness. He dove right for her clit and licked it, increasing in his roughness. He reached one hand up to fondle one of her ruby red nipples, which by now were as hard as his dick. Steve's other hand was positioned in front of Ashley's sopping box, inserting fingers one at a time.

"Mmmmmm...oohhhhh, Steve...you're gonna make me cum...ahhhh!!"

Ashley's crotch slammed into Steve's face as liquid poured into his mouth. As he sucked up all the fluids her succulent cunt had to offer, thunder began booming loudly. While Ashley writhed on the floor dealing with her orgasm's unrelenting impact, Steve briefly looked out the window to see the merciless rain begin to fall. Once her climax was complete, Ashley stood and grabbed Steve's hand, as he grabbed the champagne. She walked him into her bedroom and laid seductively on the bed. "Come here, Steve..." she told him in a low voice. Steve got onto the bed and they kissed hotly with him on top of her. She rolled him over suddenly and straddled him as they kissed heavily. Steve closed his eyes and suddenly felt cold steel around his wrists. He broke the kiss and looked up to see himself handcuffed to Ashley's bed. As he expressed his alarm, she giggled. She grabbed the champagne bottle and held Steve's erection against it.

"Aaaah shit!"

Ashley smiled, happy that she was now the pleasure dispenser. She licked up his cock's sides slowly until she got to the tip. She inserted the swollen tip into her hot mouth. She sucked, as though she were trying to siphon his semen. She used a hand to stroke his length as she did this. Then her head dipped down further, taking him in slowly until his entire length was consumed. Steve gasped as silently as he could, trying desperately not to sound like those dumb fuck guys in pornos that never shut the hell up. Now, however, his head was swimming. He didn't really care what exited his mouth. Ashley sped up her pace as she devoured his meat sandwhich, suprised by it's smooth texture and pleasant taste. Steve obviously washed himself thoroughly.

"Oh, god, Ashley..I'm gonna cum..."

Ashley quickly stopped and let him come down so she could pleasure him more. As he breathed heavily, she took the champagne bottle and poured it over his balls and cock. Steve grunted endlessly as she simultaneously licked it all off. Then, with the champagne nearly gone, she resumed her prior position and bobbed on his knob. She moved her head up and down in swift, dreamy motions, and Steve looked into Ashley's lovely emerald gems and came. He kept watching her as she stroked and sucked on him, his spunk inundating her hot little mouth, the cum streaming out of the sides of her mouth and dribbling down her chin. Still, he shot load after load down her throat, all the while looking at her innocent seeming face looking back at him. When he was finished, Ashley cleaned up his crotch and took a drink of champagne. She put the bottle to Steve's lips and let him drink the last of it as she licked his nipples. She withdrew the bottle, sat on Steve's chest, and placed her breasts right in his face. When he tried to lick them, she moved back teasingly, leaving a trail of female liquids on Steve's chest. She ground her crotch into his lower stomach and he had no difficulty getting hard again. Once he was, in fact, his meat pole's tip touched her lower back. When she felt that she grinned slyly, and she moved back so she could ride him. She let the tip in, and then let it out. She played this game with his dick's head for a while until Steve finally begged for her to fuck him.

"Stop it, Ashley, just fuck me.....please .....fuck me like you're a dirty little whore."

With her dripping pussy lips right on top of his erect and throbbing cock, he tried to thrust in but she quickly moved. Finally she lowered herself onto his pole, but only to the half way point. She went back up and slammed all the way down, blowing both their minds. She bouced up and down roughly and screamed, wailing from the pleasure fucking Steve gave her. He thrusted up to meet her bucking, and their speed increased. The grooves and contours of Steve's dick rubbed against her lips and walls, and with her cervix being pounded by his tip.... there was only so much she could take. She had her eyes tightly clenched from the pleasure she was recieving, and Steve was also wallowing in gratification. Her plush-like walls clasped his meat so tightly that he lost his breath on more than one occasion.

Finally, he managed out in a whisper, "Ashley..I'm gonna cum again...I want to kiss you while I cum..."

She bucked more viciously as she lowered herself and engaged in a magnificent kiss. She felt sperm hose her G spot, and she came as well. The gasped and moaned down each other's throats, milking each other for their juices. They pumped into each other violently, their orgasms raging, overcome with desire to get off and get the other off. Beserk breakers tore through Ashley's entire body and all she could do was whimper in delight while the force of it all overpowered her. As they kissed and Ashley's orgasm reached its downward spiral, she undid Steve's cuffs. "Oh, shit, that was amazing," Steve declared. All Ashley could do was nod. She lay on top and held his hand as they drifted off, totally spent and tired. Fortunately they didn't see the figure at the window...