 Disclaimer: This is a story in which a fictional character cheats on his wife. If you find this sort of thing offensive, I recommend not reading any further. You have been warned, so please don't send me feedback or post comments telling me how wrong it is for men to cheat. This is fiction. Although Leylin is based on a real person, to the author's knowledge she has never actually engaged in illicit sexual activities with a married man.

Note: If you haven't already, read Kiss & Ride, which, although not exactly a prequel, is referenced in this story. 

*

It started out like any other company happy hour but ended in a most unexpected way. The location was a bit farther from our office because we'd also be meeting up with staff from another of our offices so I ended up taking the light rail. I was doing my share of drinking and my share of socializing, though I wasn't getting wasted as that is never a good idea when bosses and managers are in the mix. The venue was one of those places with a bar and a restaurant but also a large room full of amusements and games. We were in the bar/dining area but the rest rooms were back by the games. When it was finally time to break the seal, I excused myself and hit the men's room. As I was exiting after washing my hands, Leylin was exiting the adjacent ladies' room at the same time.

"Hey, come here, I want to show you something," she said, leading me into the noise among the games and amusements. I didn't mind going anywhere with her because she was young, cute and had a nice figure. She had dark hair, dark eyes and light brown skin, big boobs and a sweet ass. I had no idea what she'd want to show me but figured I'd just enjoy the opportunity to spend a few moments with her. We chatted at work occasionally but we didn't work together so I didn't really know her that well. She led me deep into the arcade, up a set of stairs and toward some older games back in a corner. She stopped next to a Jurassic Park game where you sat inside a sort of cabin to play then beckoned me to join her inside. I wasn't sure if she just needed someone to play it with her or what so I sat beside her.

"I bet that if anyone even noticed we were gone," she said, looking at me with those big, beautiful brown eyes, "they'd still never find us back here. So it's perfect for this..."

Suddenly she was kissing me and, though completely taken by surprise, I responded with enthusiasm. When she slipped her tongue into my mouth, I reciprocated and we made out passionately.

"I've wanted to do that for a while," she said when we finally came up for air.

"Seriously?" I asked, "I'm probably twice your age...and married."

"I'm sorry," she said, looking uncertain, "are you not feeling this?"

"Oh, I'm totally feeling this," I replied, "but I'm not sure why you are. You're young and beautiful and any guy closer to your age would love to be in my position."

"I can't explain it," she said, "I just want you."

We went back to making out and I definitely wasn't fighting it, despite the fact that I'd been happily married for more than twenty years. Maybe it was stupid, it probably was, but I couldn't resist a young, beautiful, exotic woman throwing herself at me. I brought my hand up and cupped her boob through her blouse and could feel her hard nipple through the material. My cock was like a steel rod and, if she'd suggested it, I'd have fucked her right there. I guess she figured, if that was going to happen, there was probably a better place.

"We should go out to your car," she finally said, when we took another break.

"I didn't drive," I replied, "I took the light rail."

"Well, my car isn't very big," she said, "I was kind of hoping you had an SUV or something, but we can make it work. At the very least it will be better than staying here."

"So I assume you don't have an apartment," I said.

"I still live at home with my parents," she replied, sheepishly.

"Okay, let's do this," I suggested, "we go back to the happy hour separately, you say you have to leave and take off, I'll leave a couple minutes later and you pick me up outside."

"Perfect," she replied, "then we just have to figure out where to go."

"I have an idea," I told her then we kissed again before exiting the game. She headed back to the happy hour while I hit the men's room again. By the time I casually strolled back to the happy hour, Leylin was gone and I left a moment later, myself. Outside the front doors, I'd only taken a few steps before she pulled up. I looked around and, seeing no one we knew or worked with, I climbed into her car, which was pretty small. I directed her to drive to the nearby parking garage which I knew would work for a sexual rendezvous because I'd had one in there with a colleague from another company not long before. She started driving up the ramp until we found what seemed to be a secluded and dark enough spot. As Cindy had, Leylin backed her car in so we wouldn't be subject to being surprised. We climbed into the back seat, which was significantly smaller than the one in Cindy's work SUV, and immediately started making out again. I undid a couple of her blouse buttons and slipped my hand inside, feeling her hard nipple just through her bra now, as she dropped a hand to my lap and caressed my throbbing tool. When she realized that I was completely rigid, she worked my pants open and extracted my cock.

"I want to ride it," she said, exactly echoing what Cindy had said in nearly the same location not long before. Leylin wasn't wearing a skirt, though, so as she was pumping my cock, I slipped my hand out of her blouse and worked on getting her pants open. Once I had them unbuttoned and unzipped, she raised her ass and I worked them down along with her panties. With her pants, panties and shoes on the floor, rather than just sitting up and having her straddle me, I lowered my face toward her pussy and ran my tongue along her slit. She moaned and grabbed my head so I continued to lick her pussy and slurp up her juices. It was still light enough, despite being parked in a dark corner of the parking structure, that I had been able to note how neatly groomed her black bush was as I was diving into it. As I was lapping at her juicy slit, I was pleased that I wasn't also getting a mouthful of fur. A smooth, hairless pussy is always nice for eating but I never had any complaints about a neatly groomed one, either. It did, however, make me want to see her completely naked somewhere that I'd be able to fully appreciate how she looked.

When I slipped a finger into her, I found that her pussy was not only overflowing with juices, but was quite snug, so I knew slipping my cock into her was going to feel amazing. She was moaning continuously as I was licking and sucking her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her so I had no doubt that she was building up to a satisfying orgasm. There have been times when attempting to provide an orgasm that my motivation was a little selfish in that I figured it would be more likely to lead to an invitation to further encounters. This time, though, after Leylin had said she had wanted me for a long time, I wanted to make sure that there was a significant payoff for her, especially putting herself out there like that. Of course I kind of felt like she had already been partway there before I even got her pants off, which really made the task just a little bit easier for me. It had been a long while, though, since I'd eaten a pussy so young and fresh so I was relishing the opportunity.

I'd have been just fine with eating her pussy for a lot longer than I actually did. She was so worked up, however, that it didn't take very long before she was right on the verge of cumming. I could tell not only by how she was moving her hips and by the sounds she was making but also by how much wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming the longer I ate it. She was starting to tense up a little bit but I didn't have any little tricks to pull out of my hat to get her the rest of the way there so I just continued what I was doing since it was clearly working just fine. She went silent just before her entire body went limp and started shaking as she let out a long moan. I kept doing what I was doing as she was cumming, hoping to draw out as much pleasure as she could bear. When she finally went still and quiet after what appeared to be an intensely pleasurable orgasm, I raised my head, first looking down at her trim bush then up at her pretty face. She opened her eyes and smiled broadly then pulled my face to hers. We made out again briefly but she was still trying to catch her breath.

"That was just amazing!" she exclaimed then, noticing my rigid cock, reached over to stroke it as I pushed my pants and underwear down further. She didn't say anything more as she moved to straddle me. I centered myself in the back seat and reached for her ass as she guided my cock toward her pussy and lowered herself onto it. We both moaned as my cock was engulfed in her snug, slippery pussy. She sat still on my lap for a moment as it filled her while I ran my hands over her taut ass cheeks. She'd told me once that she'd played volleyball through high school and college and it showed in how toned her ass was. I continued to caress it as she started slowly moving up and down on my tool. She had to cock her head slightly to the side due to the low ceiling but, with just some minor adjustments in our position, she had no trouble riding my cock and was moaning continuously as she did.

Had she been straddling me on a chair, I think we would have been close to face-to-face but, in the confines of her backseat, I had slumped down a little while she was still practically straight up, so I was looking almost directly at her boobs. Since I'd partially unbuttoned her blouse, I could see bra and light brown skin through the opening and, despite how nice her ass felt, was feeling motivated to finish the unbuttoning. She was bracing herself on the seat behind me so I brought my hands around from her ass and below her arms and quickly had her blouse completely open. Her bra was colorful and sexy but didn't stop her succulent breasts from bouncing as she moved up and down on my cock. I watched them bounce, brushing my palms over them and feeling her hard nipples through the thin material, but soon reached back to unfasten her bra and release her boobs.

They weren't huge, but her tits were definitely big and, because her skin was light brown due to her Spanish ancestry, her nipples and areolas were dark. I ran my palms over her hard nipples and caressed the soft, smooth flesh of her tits while she continued riding my cock. Her pussy felt incredible and it sounded like she was building toward another orgasm based on her moaning. I could feel the stirring of my own orgasm, which was no surprise given how her snug, slippery pussy was feeling even hotter and wetter the longer she was riding me. I ended up moving my hands back around to her ass as I started pushing up into her each time she came down, which was making her tits bounce even more. When I managed to briefly drag my attention from her bouncing tits, I noted that Leylin's face showed somebody in the throes of ecstasy and I was once again glad that things seemed to be living up to her expectations.

She let out a cry when she started cumming again and her pussy felt as though it was flooded with even more lubrication. She was moving much slower as she was cumming, though, so even though her pussy felt even better, it wasn't bringing me to the verge of my own orgasm. I was perfectly okay with this because I was still enjoying the feel of her snug, slick pussy but I knew I'd be able to enjoy it even longer at this pace. She sat still on my lap, my cock still embedded in her, once she'd apparently finished cumming and just focused on catching her breath.

"That was fantastic," she finally said, breathlessly, "but now it's your turn."

She climbed off of my cock and I shifted over as close to the door as I could get while she knelt on the seat beside me. She lowered her head and engulfed my cock in her mouth, causing me to moan again. As she started sliding her lips up and down my tool, I could immediately feel my orgasm beginning to build again. She was definitely a skilled cocksucker, even crammed into the backseat of her car. I was looking down at her while savoring the pleasure I was feeling though I occasionally glanced around to make sure we were still alone or glanced over at her ass, sticking up in the air. The only sound was the occasional moan or muttered encouragement from me and the occasional slurp from her. It wasn't long at all, though, before she had my orgasm building up again.

I would have been content to have her sucking my cock for much longer but, because she was so good at it, there was no way I could last. I appreciated it while I could but my cock was soon swelling even more in anticipation of my orgasm. She remained intent on the task and never even hesitated when I started spurting into her mouth with a grunt. She continued sucking my cock as she swallowed my load, only letting it fall from her mouth once I was completely spent. She straightened up, kneeling on her backseat beside me as I recovered.

"You're really good at that," I said, making her smile, "I'd like to do that again sometime. In fact, I'd like to do all of this again sometime but not necessarily here in your car."

As we started pulling ourselves together, we talked about how and when we could get together like this again. She made it clear that she wasn't looking to break up my marriage; that she only wanted to have sex with me. I was still pretty astounded by that but I was happy for an opportunity to fuck somebody so young and hot and wanted to continue for as long as she remained interested even if it was not the most decent and honorable thing. Because she lived with her parents and I lived with my family, we came to the conclusion that we'd have to figure out how to surreptitiously have sex at work. We also decided that we needed to be careful that our coworkers didn't suddenly notice us spending a lot more time together and start talking. We agreed to do the majority of our communication via messaging and to be extremely cautious with our activities.

It didn't take long at all before we had a number of locations at and around our office where we could meet up and immediately started testing them. We figured out which conference rooms lacked a window adjacent to the door while also having a lock, which unfortunately were limited. Since we were in a downtown high-rise, though, we found other floors that had rest rooms off of public hallways and worked on figuring out which were the least busy. Sex in a public rest room wasn't ideal but it was still a bit better in some ways than sex in the back of a small car. We also started exploring the nearby hotels, not for rooms to rent, but for publicly accessible locations that offered some privacy. Our initial encounter inspired a few follow-ups in the company SUVs when one was available, right in the parking garage across the street from the office.

I remember this one day when I ended up behind Leylin in the office but far enough that she didn't notice me. She was wearing a long sweater that hugged her ass and leggings. Her ass always looked outstanding but it was particularly noteworthy in this outfit and I felt compelled to let her know. The following IM exchange was the result:

Me: Your ass looks amazing today. Leylin: Thanks. I didn't even know you were behind me today. Me: I follow behind you whenever the opportunity presents itself, even if it takes me out of my way. Leylin: I'm flattered and I'm glad you liked the view. Me: So do you like sex from behind or do you find it less intimate? Leylin: You know I like it from behind. You have some time to give it to me from behind? Me: Always.

We agreed on which conference room to meet up in and had become adept at turning the lock without it being loud enough for anyone nearby to realize we'd locked ourselves in together. After a quick and passionate kiss, I turned her around and got down behind her. I ran my hands up the backs of her legs under her sweater and caressed her ass through her leggings. It felt like she didn't have any panties on so I grasped the waistband and started to slide them down. Sure enough, she was bare-assed as I took her leggings down. I helped her step out of them then raised her sweater up and caressed her naked ass while admiring the perfection of it. When I started to stand, I ran my hands up over her hips and along her waist then cupped her tits, which were free of undergarments as well.

"Pre-emptive bra and panty removal?" I asked, caressing her tits and kissing her neck.

"To make better use of limited and valuable time," she replied.

"Smart girl," I said then started to raise her sweater up. She helped me slip it off then leaned forward, elbows on the table, naked. I opened my pants and extracted my rigid cock then eased it into her hot, wet pussy from behind. She moaned very softly and pushed backwards until my hips were pressed against her sweet ass. I took hold of her waist and started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her until I got a good rhythm going, then increased my pace. We never had the luxury of time when we were together but we still enjoyed every single opportunity. I'd also learned that she seemed to cum pretty quickly and easily in general, though she claimed that she'd only experienced that since being with me. I'm not sure how I didn't end up cumming quickly and easily when we were fucking because her pussy always felt incredible. In any case, the limits on our time, flexibility and freedom didn't affect our ability to get off and go back to work satisfied sexually.

I'd started out holding her waist and looking down at her ass as my hips repeatedly tapped against it but as I fucked her harder and thought about her swinging tits, I had to move my hands up to cup them. I had barely moved my hands up when she came the first time, gasping softly as her body trembled. I don't think it was my hands on her tits that caused this; I think she was just that worked up. Since she didn't make a move to stop, I continued fucking her and fondling her tits, caressing her hard nipples as I did. Her orgasm was typically long and intense, something else she attributed to me. When she appeared to have finished cumming, I continued fucking her as she rested her head on her arms on top of the table, catching her breath. It wasn't long, though, before she'd raised her head and was pushing back against my incoming thrusts again.

As usual, I was savoring the feel of her snug, slippery pussy gripping my cock and her big boobs in my hands. I could feel the stirrings of my own orgasm but I was definitely in no rush to finish and end up back at my desk. As Leylin started pushing back against me harder and faster, I suspected that I wouldn't have as much control over how long we continued fucking. Before I was close to cumming, however, she let out another soft gasp and I could feel her body trembling once again. This wasn't unprecedented, having her cum twice so closely together, but it didn't happen every time we fucked so it was definitely a bonus for her when it did happen. Again I continued fucking her, appreciating the additional lubrication that flooded her pussy when she came. I didn't think it would be much longer before I was shooting my load into her but she ended up stopping me.

She straightened up and moved away from me so that my cock slipped out of her then turned and kissed me before dropping to her knees. She licked my balls while pumping my cock then had me sit in a chair. She brought her tits up on either side of my cock and squeezed them together so I started to slowly fuck them, savoring that pleasurable feeling as much as the feeling of fucking her snug pussy. This wasn't the most comfortable position for her so I enjoyed the opportunity to fuck her tits while I could but knew that she'd take care of me in one highly pleasurable way or another. When she did release her tits and move backwards slightly, she took my cock in her fist and pumped the base while wrapping her lips around the head. Engulfing it in her warm mouth it was my turn to moan softly. She started moving her lips up and down my shaft while pumping the base and I was quickly on the verge of cumming.
