 Disclaimer: This is a story in which a fictional character cheats on his wife. If you find this sort of thing offensive, I recommend not reading any further. You have been warned, so please don't send me feedback or post comments telling me how wrong it is for men to cheat. This is fiction. Although Leylin is based on a real person, to the author's knowledge she has never actually engaged in illicit sexual activities with a married man.

Note: If you haven't already, read Layin' Leylin Ch. 01, which is a prequel to this story.

*****

As the weeks went by, Leylin and I were having no trouble finding places to have sex and, as far as we could tell, no one suspected that there was anything going on between us. I think we were both pretty content with how things were going, though there was no doubt that we'd both love the opportunity to have some unconstrained, leisurely sex in an actual bed. I certainly wasn't expecting our employer to come through and help us accomplish exactly that.

Late one afternoon, I got an email congratulating me on being selected to attend a corporate training in Seattle. Of course this had come as a surprise because no one had bothered to let me know that I was on the wait list to attend. I had to do a little scrambling to make the travel arrangements but I'd never been to Seattle before so I made sure there would be enough time for a little leisure outside of the training. I rarely had to travel for work so most of my trips were for pleasure and involved my family. Unfortunately, due to the late notice, we couldn't work it out so that my family could join me and take advantage of the free accommodations, at least. I didn't know anyone else who was attending the training, but I figured I'd be fine on my own for a few days. I was so caught up in trying to get my travel arrangements made that it didn't occur to me immediately that there was somebody else who might like to join me.

The training was taking place on a Friday and a Saturday with a dinner on Friday immediately after the training. Since the training was starting early on Friday morning, I made arrangements to fly in on Thursday afternoon. I also wouldn't be flying out until Sunday so that I wouldn't be arriving at my home airport late Saturday night. This schedule gave me Thursday night and Saturday night to explore Seattle. After dinner on Friday night, I suspected that I wouldn't be doing much with the training resuming early on Saturday morning. The training and dinner, as well as my accommodations, were at the same hotel right near Sea-Tac Airport.

Since my family couldn't join me, I'd booked a room with a single king-size bed and my wife was envious when I told her. As I thought about all the room I'd have to myself, it suddenly occurred to me to invite Leylin. I took a moment to think it through before contacting her because, though I knew we'd be away from anyone we knew and could act accordingly, I'd also be in training for a good part of the time. Finally, I figured I'd invite her and leave it to her to decide if it would be worthwhile. I sent her an IM.

Me: I just found out I've got a training in Seattle in a few weeks.

Leylin: Aw, I'm going to miss you.

Me: Unless you come with me...or at least meet me there.

Leylin: Seriously?

Me: Sure. I'll be in training Friday and Saturday, but I'm getting in on Thursday and not leaving until Sunday...and I've got a king-size bed all to myself.

Leylin: Email me your itinerary. I'll see what I can do.

I forwarded the email I got from corporate travel services then went back to working while I waited. It wasn't long before I heard back from her.

Leylin: I'm in. Since the company isn't paying for my flight, though, I went with something cheaper. I arrive shortly after you and we leave around the same time on Sunday. This is exciting!

Me: This is going to be unbelievable!

Leylin: So we'll have Thursday afternoon and night, not much time Friday, Saturday night and Sunday morning.

Me: And check-out isn't until noon.

Leylin: I'm going to fuck you silly.

Me: I'm going to do more than fuck you, Silly.

The next few weeks seemed to crawl by but every time we met to screw each other, we talked about how awesome it was going to be to not only share a bed but to share a shower and spend all of our time together naked and not have to worry about our coworkers noticing anything suspicious. When the day finally arrived, we met at the airport since our flights, although on different airlines, were departing pretty close together. We'd agreed to be careful in the airports because there was still a chance that we could be spotted by somebody we knew or, worse, somebody who knew my wife or her family. It wasn't easy but we just kept reminding ourselves that, in just a few hours, we'd be naked in bed together.

We parted shortly before my flight was ready to board, resisting the urge to duck into a secluded corner to make out first. Fortunately, the flight from Denver to Seattle isn't too long, especially compared to the amount of time we'd have together in the hotel. Once I was off my flight, I checked the arrival board and found the gate she'd be deplaning from. We'd agreed that, even in the airport in Seattle, we'd still need to remain hands-off because we'd both be arriving on flights full of people coming from Colorado. There was a shuttle from the airport to the hotel and, once we were sitting on that, we could no longer resist and made out for almost the entire drive. Fortunately, there were very few people on the shuttle with us so no one had to watch our outrageous PDA.

Check-in didn't take very long and we were soon on our way up to our room. As soon as we were inside, we set our bags down and walked over to the bed. The room was huge and so was the bed. I didn't want to just tear our clothes off and start fucking, though. I'd had a lot of time to think about what I wanted to do.

"Here's what I'd like to do," I said, taking her in my arms, "I'd like to undress you and thoroughly savor your naked body but I promise that I will make sure that you end up completely satisfied."

"I have no doubt that you will," she replied, "so you have my blessing."

I unbuttoned her blouse, revealing an extremely sexy bra that I'd never seen before. I looked into her eyes but said nothing as I slipped her blouse down her arms then dropped to my knees to get her jeans off. I had a feeling she'd be wearing panties that matched the bra. I was not disappointed when I opened her jeans and saw that the panties matched and, as I ran my hands over her ass while sliding her jeans down, discovered the panties to be a thong. I had her step out of her jeans then sat back on my heels and admired her figure in her sexy lingerie. She turned for me and revealed that her sweet ass looked especially stunning with the narrow strip of fabric between her cheeks.

"I'm going to take some pictures of you wearing that," I said as she turned back around, "but I can't possibly stop right now to do it. You look so fucking sexy, though."

As I stood, I ran my hands up the backs of her thighs to her smooth ass cheeks then pulled her against me so we could make out briefly. I caressed her ass then moved my hands up to unhook her bra. We parted and I backed up as I slid her bra down her arms, revealing her succulent tits and hard, dark nipples. I cast her bra aside and briefly caressed her nipples before squatting down to take her thong panties down. As her black bush was revealed, I was pleased once again to see that she'd obviously groomed it since the last time we'd been together. I was thinking about camping out between her spread legs and eating pussy until my tongue failed me. Once she'd stepped out of her panties, I again gazed upon her nearly perfect body before standing and leading her the rest of the way to the bed. I had her lie on her back, her tits jutting up toward the ceiling, as I started out kissing her then kissed her neck and her collarbone. I kissed my way over her chest to her tits then licked and sucked her hard nipples as I caressed the soft, smooth flesh. She moaned softly and I had no doubt that her pussy was already dripping wet.

I confirmed this when I slipped a hand down over her stomach and through her trim bush. Running a finger between her lips, I found her pussy to be nearly overflowing with her juices. When I lightly caressed her clit, she gasped then went on moaning. I soon resumed my journey south, kissing my way over her ribs and stomach and abdomen as I repositioned myself between her spread legs. I slipped my finger free as I moved and just ended up spending a moment, first admiring her pussy, then glancing up to her tits and beyond to her pretty face. She was gazing down at me, already looking a little dazed, so I smiled at her then ran my tongue along her slit. I'm not sure if at that moment she suddenly recalled that she didn't have to hold back but she let out a cry that left no question about whether she appreciated the feel of my tongue along the lips of her pussy.

I'd had the opportunity to eat her pussy a number of times since that first time in the backseat of her car, but this was the first time with all of the time and space and freedom we could have asked for. I started lapping at her pussy, tasting her pungent nectar while causing her to continue moaning and start rocking her hips. Usually I'd be focused on getting her off during the limited time we'd typically have but this time I wanted to make sure I provided as much pleasure as I could while also savoring the opportunity for as long as I could. With that goal in mind, I spent some time slurping up her juices while just grazing her clit but not focusing any real attention on it. I didn't want to torture her, though, so I did end up licking her clit while slipping a finger into her. There was no doubt that she was very worked up but I didn't have to worry about whether I'd been torturing her because I'd barely slipped my finger in and out of her a couple of times when she suddenly started shaking.

I don't know if it was anticipation or the slow approach I was taking that had her cumming so quickly but I did know that it took me by surprise. I certainly wasn't ready to quit eating her as I typically did once she'd cum so I just continued to lick and suck her clit while sliding my finger in and out, as she was cumming and once she'd finished. She didn't make a move to have me stop, either, so as she was recovering from that first orgasm, I already had her building toward another one. In the short time we'd been involved, I had figured out that she not only came pretty easily (whether my doing or not) but once she'd cum the first time, subsequent orgasms were even easier to achieve. I couldn't think of a better way to start off our trip than with multiple orgasms for her and a mouthful of pussy for me.

Now that I was expecting it, when she cried out and started shaking again after another few minutes of licking and sucking her clit while fingering her pussy, I was pleased rather than surprised. Her orgasm was another long and intense one but I'd realized that this was pretty typical for her. She had told me that this, too, was strictly my doing; that she didn't cum nearly as easily or as hard before we'd gotten involved. I was flattered, for sure, but I did probably have a lot more experience than any guys her age who she'd been with prior to me. At the same time, I was thrilled by the opportunity to be with someone so young and so beautiful with such an amazing body so I was never in a rush to get done and move on to the next thing, even when we were in a situation that required it. I took the time to enjoy her body while I was trying to pleasure her.

I remained with my face planted between her thighs through a couple more orgasms before finally raising my head to see if she was still coherent. She didn't protest when I slipped my finger out of her but she looked like she was a bit out there. I straightened up on my knees, still fully dressed, and slipped my finger into my mouth, sucking her juices off of it. As she watched, I pulled my shirt up over my head and tossed it aside, then stood one the bed. She was watching intently because I typically didn't have to remove as much of my clothes as she did when we were together so she not only hadn't seen me fully naked, she'd barely seen me partially naked. I undid my belt and opened my jeans then pushed them down along with my underwear, my rigid tool springing out. I didn't have any special underwear to show off but she seemed okay with that given that my cock was more than ready to go.

I didn't just mount her and start fucking, though; I still hadn't relished any attention on her ass so I first had her roll over onto her stomach. Her bare ass looked fucking fantastic so I massaged it as I was kneeling beside her. I figured I could fuck her and enjoy her ass so I had her bring her knees up under her and lift her ass into the air as I moved around to kneel behind her. I massaged her ass a bit more then guided my throbbing cock into her pussy, which was ridiculously hot and wet. We were both moaning as I eased my cock all the way in until my hips were pressed against that sweet ass. I paused for just a moment to relish the feel of her snug pussy gripping my tool then started to slowly slide it out again. I was holding her waist but, as I got a rhythm going, I went back to caressing her ass while continuing to admire it. This also helped me to maintain a slow and steady pace but control of that was ultimately taken out of my hands.

Leylin had her face down on the comforter and one arm had slipped down under her, I presumed to stroke her clit. I had started encouraging this to help make sure she came when we didn't have a lot of time together. Ultimately, it pretty much turned out to be unnecessary, but she'd still do it occasionally; I think it did end up heightening the pleasure she was feeling. When she started pushing back against my incoming thrusts and set a faster pace, I assumed that stroking her clit was driving her toward another quick orgasm. I didn't even try to keep up with her; instead, I left it to her to push back on my cock while I slid my hands forward to cup and caress her swinging tits. I'm not even sure she was aware that she'd taken control and was gradually increasing her pace while pushing back harder. Of course I had no issue with her having another orgasm before I did. As I looked down at her back and the back of her head, though, I was thinking that the view would be better for both of us if she was riding me.

I was enjoying the feel of her tits in my hands and her pussy sliding up and down my cock right up to and through her orgasm. She pushed back hard and held there then her body started shaking as she let out another cry of pleasure. I continued fondling her tits as she was cumming but my cock remained stationary as she'd stopped moving. This was fine as it still felt outstanding to be embedded in her hot pussy as she was cumming. When she went still and was just basically gasping for breath, I straightened up again and slipped my cock out of her. I lay beside her as she remained on all-fours momentarily while continuing to catch her breath. She smiled at me then straightened up on her knees and straddled me. She guided my cock to her pussy and lowered herself onto it, causing us both to moan again.

I definitely liked this view much better as I gazed up at her smiling face then down to her tits, along her body and finally to her trim bush. As she started moving up and down, I could see my cock slowly revealed then engulfed again. I reached up and caressed her tits as I watched my cock repeatedly disappearing while feeling the pleasure of her hot pussy gripping it. My gaze eventually moved back up, first to her face to see that she was still smiling widely but her eyes were closed, then down to her tits. They looked awesome and they felt nice and I was absolutely certain that there was no way I'd ever tire of seeing, fondling or fucking them. As she started riding me harder, taking control of the pace once again, they were beginning to bounce so I slipped my hands around to caress her ass while watching her tits.

I was definitely in my happy place: huge, comfortable bed, broad daylight, hot, snug pussy sliding up and down my tool, big, bouncing boobs and a beautiful, young woman about to have another orgasm. When she leaned forward, planting a hand on either side of my head, I suddenly found her boobs practically right in my face and I had no complaints about that. I continued caressing her ass while watching them swing above me before bringing my hands around to hold them so that I could lick and suck her hard nipples. As she pushed back on my cock, I was able to push up into her in this position, as well. Her moaning was getting longer and louder as her pussy was becoming wetter. I could feel the stirrings of my own orgasm but I was pretty certain that she was going to be cumming again before I did.

When she pushed backward and just remained there, I stopped licking and sucking her nipples and looked up at her face. Her eyes were still closed but her expression went from sort of focused concentration to a broad smile and a look of ecstatic pleasure as her body started trembling. I was happy to have helped her reach that state and knew that it would happen many more times before we left Seattle. She moved up and down on my cock a little bit, presumably to keep the pleasurable feelings going but never went back to riding me hard. When she finally appeared to finish cumming, she opened her eyes and smiled down at me before lowering her head to kiss me. We made out for a moment before she started moving backwards, kissing her way down my body as my cock slipped out of her.

She kissed down my chest and over my abs but was soon kneeling between my spread legs, gripping my rigid cock as she wrapped her lips around it. I moaned as she engulfed a good portion of the shaft in her mouth while starting to pump the base. I pulled a couple of pillows over to prop up my head so that I could watch her suck my cock. She smiled up at me, seeing what I was doing and looking a little embarrassed. She also looked beautiful, though, and there was no way I wasn't going to watch a beautiful woman sucking me off. She focused on the task and put her talents to work, providing a high level of pleasure while drawing it out, which she normally wouldn't have had the luxury to do. I was happy to just lie there and feel the building pleasure and appreciate the feel of her mouth on my cock. There was no worry about being interrupted or someone noticing that we were gone and figuring out what we were up to; we could both just focus on each other.

As much as I was just trying to relax and feel the pleasure building and as much as she was using her talent and skill to draw the pleasure out, after all that fucking there was only so long I could physically last before I was on the verge of cumming. The level of pleasure just continued to build and my cock swelled even more as I was approaching my orgasm. She remained focused even when I started spurting into her mouth, moaning loudly just due to the sheer pleasure. She swallowed my load down and continued sucking me off until I was completely spent, then let my cock fall from her mouth and crawled up to lie beside me, her naked body against mine.

"That was outstanding," I said, "even more outstanding than usual."

"I was inspired by all of the orgasms," she replied, "and both of us being naked, and this room and this bed, and the promise that the next few days hold."

"I'm so glad you could make it," I told her.

"I'm so glad you invited me," she replied.

We talked a bit about the upcoming three days as we lay there. She had friends in Seattle so she would be seeing some of them for happy hour on Friday evening but planned to be back at the hotel by the time I was finished with the dinner I would be attending after training. She figured she'd head downtown a little early on Friday but she'd still have some time to kill, even if she slept late. She was also meeting with friends on Saturday but earlier in the day so that she could be back when my training ended, which was undefined at the moment. Saturday night we planned to explore downtown Seattle together then explore each other late into the night. We'd both be able to sleep in on Sunday since we had until noon to check out and had early afternoon flights. Of course the noon check-out also left plenty of time to fuck some more before going back to reality. As our chatting tapered off, our kissing and caressing was picking up and eventually became all-out making out and fondling. It wasn't long before she had my cock fully rigid and ready to go again and I wasn't surprised to find that her pussy was hot, wet and ready.
