 Disclaimer: This is a story in which a fictional character cheats on his wife. If you find this sort of thing offensive, I recommend not reading any further. You have been warned, so please don't send me feedback or post comments telling me how wrong it is for men to cheat. This is fiction. Although Leylin is based on a real person, to the author's knowledge she has never actually engaged in illicit sexual activities with a married man.

Note: If you haven't already, read Layin' Leylin Ch. 01 - 03, which are prequels to this story.

*****

The heavy curtains did a good job of keeping the sunlight out so we slept well and relatively late the next morning. I know I woke briefly a few times during the night but would reach over and feel that Leylin was there then fall right back to sleep. The only time I didn't fall back to sleep was when I felt her climb back into bed, presumably after a trip to the bathroom, then felt her hot mouth engulf my cock. She was kneeling beside me, leaning over to suck my cock so, after just enjoying it for a moment, I had her swing herself around so we could sixty-nine. It may have been light outside by that point but in the room it was still too dark for me to admire her trim bush looming over me so I just started lapping at her slit, causing her to moan around my cock. Her juices were flowing, which wasn't surprising, but it did make me wonder whether she'd started sucking my cock because she was already worked up or if she got worked up this much already because she was sucking my cock.

Either way, I slurped up those juices while she applied her oral skills as we pushed each other toward yet another orgasm. I slipped a finger into her and redirected my tongue to her clit, not necessarily trying to push her there faster, just wanting to make sure I was providing her with as much pleasure as I was feeling. As usual, her cocksucking was stellar and I was actually thinking I might be spewing into her mouth before she started cumming. The quiet within the room was broken only by an occasional slurping as we were both focused on providing and receiving pleasure. I finally got to the point where I had to let my head drop back momentarily and just appreciate the approach of my orgasm. I continued sliding my finger in and out of her hot, wet pussy as I relished the feel of her mouth sliding up and down my shaft while she pumped the base with her hand. I let out a loud moan when I started spewing into her mouth while she swallowed my load and continued to suck me off.

Once I was spent and she'd let my cock fall from her mouth, I was already back to licking and sucking her clit while continuing to finger her. She needed my cock to vacate her mouth so that she could start moaning steadily. Not that she wasn't feeling any pleasure while sucking my cock but, now that she was solely focused on herself, she was expressing herself freely. I liked that she didn't retain the required behavior from our office encounters and, in fact, seemed to be extra expressive to make up for having the freedom to do so. I also liked that she didn't leave me wondering whether I was having the intended effect on her. I didn't switch things up since my standard technique seemed to be working, as it typically did, and she was soon tensing up in anticipation of her orgasm. Once it hit her, she relaxed and her body shook as she let out a cry of pleasure. I slipped my finger from her pussy and slurped up the increased flow of juices while still lapping at her clit until she moved off of me. She flopped down beside me and pressed her naked body against mine.

"It sucks that we have to leave today," she finally said, "but I can't even tell you how happy I am that you invited me. This has been so incredible."

"I agree," I replied, "and I'm glad that you were able to make it. I don't know if we'll ever get another chance like this so it's awesome that we could take advantage of it."

"Of course there's still one thing that we need to do since we haven't yet," she stated.

"Shower together?" I asked.

"You got it," she replied. We lay around for a bit longer, just enjoying the opportunity to do so since it was the first morning that I could. When we headed into the bathroom, Leylin got the shower going as I peed then I followed her in. I watched the water cascading over her succulent breasts, over her light brown stomach and into her trim, dark bush as she wet herself down and could feel my spent cock reviving. We switched places and, as I wet myself down, she grabbed the body wash. She gave us each a generous handful and we started to lather each other up. Naturally, my hands went right to her tits, soaping up the soft, smooth flesh and her hard, dark nipples. She reached for my cock, bringing it to full rigidity while soaping it and my balls. We did ultimately wash the rest of each other, not just our favorite parts, but we were well worked up by the time we were rinsing off the lather. Her pussy did get a few licks as I washed her legs just as my balls got tongued as she washed mine.

"Sex in the shower or out?" she asked, once we were completely rinsed.

"When do you think we'll have another opportunity for sex in the shower?" I asked.

"Good point," she replied and turned away from me, bracing herself against the wall. There really aren't a whole lot of ways to safely and comfortably have sex in the shower but I was perfectly content to take her from behind even though we did this often just out of necessity back at the office. At least I was practiced at it so I easily guided my cock into her then held her hips as I started to fuck her. She immediately started moaning and pushing back against my long, slow thrusting. Once I had a good rhythm going, I slipped my hands up to cup her swinging breasts, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. Her moans were echoing through the small, tiled room, leaving no question that she was on her way to another orgasm. Of course I could also tell just by how hot and wet her pussy was when I slipped into her and how it continued to become even more so.

As I hefted her tits in my hands and felt the soft, smooth flesh, I decided that, if I wasn't too close myself by the time she came, I was going to soap them up again and fuck them. Fucking her tits had always been outstanding but I had to think that, wet and soapy, it would feel even better. I'm not sure if thinking about it made my cock harder but it may have as she started pushing back harder. Rather than trying to match her pace, I left it to her and just gave an additional thrust each time her ass hit my hips. Her moans were increasing in pitch and duration and her pussy was feeling even hotter and more slippery. My orgasm was continuing to build due to the incredibly pleasurable feel of her pussy but there was still a very good chance she'd be cumming before I did. When she shoved backwards and just held there, my assumption was confirmed. She started shaking and I ended up moving my hands down from her tits to her waist just in case she needed support. Her legs did continue to support her but, when I was sure she'd finished cumming, I slipped out of her.

"Can you grab that body wash?" I asked before she straightened up.

"You are just full of surprises," she replied as she reached for it, "What do you have in mind now?"

"Don't know when I'll get another chance to lather up your luscious titties and fuck them," I said with a shrug.

"Fair enough," she replied, squirting body wash into my hands then replacing the bottle as I got both hands lathered up. She stood there patiently as I spread the lather over her tits and her cleavage, closing her eyes briefly and smiling. Once I was done and had turned to rinse my hands, she dropped to her knees so that, when I turned back, she was able to squeeze my rigid cock between her soapy titties. While she held them together, I started sliding my cock between them, moaning at the level of pleasure I felt while doing so. I had been correct when I'd figured it would feel absolutely amazing so I knew it wouldn't be long before I was spewing on her chest. I was looking down at her as she was looking down at my cock sliding between her tits and, once again, I was grateful that someone so young and beautiful was interested in engaging in this sort of activity with me. I savored the opportunity and the building pleasure until I began to spew onto her chest.

I continued fucking her soapy tits until I was fully spent then slipped my cock free and helped her to stand. We rinsed off the lather once again then shut off the shower and grabbed a couple of towels. We dried each other and ourselves then stepped out of the shower and started to get ourselves ready for the day. Since we'd need to check out by noon, we were packing things up as we used them or as we found them strewn about the room. We had plenty of time but it didn't make any sense not to take care of these things as we were going along so that we'd have time for more fun later rather than doing all of the packing then.

Once we were both ready, we headed down the street to grab some breakfast and coffee. We didn't see anyone from my training but I'd gotten the impression that a lot of the people who had come into town for it were in a rush to get home and had departed immediately the previous evening. I couldn't imagine missing out on the opportunity to enjoy a city I'd never visited before, especially if the company was paying for most of it, but then again I did have a beautiful and fun date to share it with. We talked about how much fun we'd had, whether it would impact our enjoyment once we were back to sneaking around at the office and what we were still going to do before we checked out. We agreed that, once we were back in the hotel room, we'd both get fully naked and I explained how I thought it made more sense for her to be on top so that we could actually see each other fully naked as opposed to if we went with missionary one last time. She understood my rationale and was all for it.

We still had sufficient time once we were back at the hotel so we stopped to print out our boarding passes from the hotel computer then went up to the room. We hadn't eaten so much that we felt too full, so we immediately started to undress each other. I didn't request any photos this time, partly because I'd taken a few more earlier after our shower as we were getting done and partly because I just wanted to focus on peeling off each item of clothing that she was wearing. She likewise was slowly removing my clothing rather than just yanking it all off so we could get to fucking. She was wearing a dress, which I assumed was mainly to be comfortable while flying, but may have been to allow me easy access to what was hidden beneath. I lifted it up over her head as she raised her arms, revealing a bra and bikini panties with a matching pattern. This was more cute and sexy lingerie compared to the hot and sexy lingerie of the previous evening. I'd taken a number of photos of her earlier when she'd first put it on but I still had to pause and admire how she looked.

While I was pausing, she reached from my shirt and pulled it up over my head then moved in closer to kiss me as she unfastened my belt and opened my jeans. Of course my cock was rock hard and she caressed it through my briefs before taking down my jeans. Before I stepped out of my jeans, she squatted and took my briefs down, too, my cock springing out in her face. She helped me step out of both my jeans and underwear then ran her tongue along my cock before standing again.

"How can I finish undressing you when you look so cute in your matching bra and panties?" I asked, still admiring her.

"If you can't do it," she replied, "I'll do it for you."

"Have you ever undressed for me before?" I asked, really trying to remember.

"Have you ever let me undress for you before?" she asked.

"I don't think I have," I replied, "and I would like to see that."

She stepped back and gave me another moment to admire her in just bra and panties then unhooked the front of her bra and slowly separated the cups. Her light brown breasts didn't drop even slightly as she pulled the cups apart then let it slide down her arms as she thrust her chest forward. She started to slowly slide the thin strips of elastic on the sides of her bikini panties down over her hips while giving me a moment to admire her succulent tits. My gaze dropped down as she pushed her panties low enough to expose her trim bush but, just as they got below that, she turned and, as she pushed them down to her ankles, aimed her ass at me. I was even more aroused and ready for fucking by that point so, when she straightened back up, I led her to the bed.

We crawled on, made out briefly as she stroked my cock and I fondled her tits, then I lay on my back and she straddled me. The room was bright with the curtains fully open so I further admired her body as she loomed over me while guiding my rigid cock to her pussy and lowering herself onto it. We both moaned and she immediately started to slowly move up and down. I thought at first that she was playfully mocking my desire to see her fully naked because she was sitting straight upright as she was riding me then put her hands in her hair and dropped her head back. Her tits were thrust forward and everything was visible to me, except for her ass, of course. As it turned out, she was really just taking advantage of one last time in the hotel, in that big bed, fully naked and well-lit; she was just caught up in the moment. I reached up to fondle her tits, running my palms over her hard, dark nipples as I relished the feel of her pussy sliding along my cock. She wasn't so much moving up and down as humping forward and back on my cock so, while I wasn't getting long, slow, full strokes like when I'd been fucking her from behind in the shower, it still felt damn good.

When she started riding me harder, she leaned forward a bit and braced herself against my chest, moving up and down on my cock more so like this. Since this caused her tits to bounce more, I reached around to caress her ass while watching them. I started pushing up into her each time she came down and she was soon moaning much louder and longer than she had been. Her pussy became hotter and more slippery the longer she was riding me, clearly on the way to another big orgasm. I just stayed with her, caressing her ass and watching her tits, since I wasn't close to cumming yet myself. The build-up appeared to be nice and long for her, and obviously highly pleasurable, so it felt like this was the perfect way to wind up a good trip. Since I wasn't close yet, I was thinking about maybe fucking her tits again then cumming either on her chest or down her throat. It turned out that she had other plans for me already.

When she started cumming, she dropped down so that my cock was fully embedded inside her then started shaking while crying out. I was smiling up at that gorgeous face displaying an expression of pure ecstasy before my gaze dropped down to stare at her boobs some more. Once she'd ridden out another long and clearly intensely pleasurable orgasm, she opened her eyes, smiled down at me then climbed off of my cock.

"I've got a favor to ask," she said, sitting on her heels beside me.

"Of course," I replied, "anything."

"I know we'd talked about being able to see each other completely naked while we have the chance," she said, "but I'd really like to have you on top of me one more time since I don't know when we'll have another chance."

"Whatever you desire," I said, "your wish is my command."

As I got up, she reclined in the middle of the big bed so I took a moment to look her over, lying there naked, and I couldn't help but smile at my good fortune. Before I lowered myself over her, I kissed her hips then her stomach and, of course, her hard, dark nipples. As I brought my lips to hers, I guided my throbbing cock to her pussy and easily slipped inside, causing both of us to moan even as we were kissing. Supporting myself over her on my forearms, I slowly slid my cock in and out, savoring the feel of her pussy but feeling my orgasm begin to build due to my long, full strokes. I tried to maintain the slow pace but it just felt too good and I couldn't help but gradually fuck her harder and faster. We stopped kissing and she ended up pulling her knees up toward her tits, which just allowed me to penetrate her hot pussy even deeper. That along with it continuing to feel even hotter and more slippery had my cock swelling in anticipation of what I expected to be an intense orgasm.

I had my face in her hair, inhaling presumably the scent of her shampoo, as my orgasm drew closer and I savored the build-up, the closeness and the pleasure of the last of a truly outstanding weekend. My cock continued to swell as I was thrusting into her right up until I exploded into her with a grunt. To my surprise, at about that exact same moment, she let out a cry and her body started shaking. I didn't stop pushing into her, wanting to make sure her orgasm was as pleasurable as my own and, around the time I was fully spent and starting to soften, I was sure that she'd finished cumming as well. I flopped over beside her and we both just lay there catching our breath.

"That was the best way to end this weekend," she finally said, "with concurrent orgasms."

"Agreed," I replied. There didn't seem to be much else to say so we lay there for a while, just savoring that last orgasm and our last moments in that room. We still didn't end up needing to rush and eventually got up and cleaned up a little before getting dressed again. We made sure we weren't leaving anything behind then headed down to the lobby to check out. Fortunately, our flights were leaving from the same concourse and neither of us had packed enough to check a bag so, once the hotel shuttle had dropped us off, we checked our gate assignments and found that we weren't that far apart. Still being cognizant that anyone flying to Colorado might be someone who knew us or who knew someone who knew us, we located our gates then located someplace out of the way to sit and wait.

"I wonder if maybe I should get an apartment," she said as we sat there.

"A love nest that we could visit every day at lunch?" I asked.

"Something like that, I guess," she replied.

"I'd give it some more thought for now," I said, "I'd love to have someplace we could go that would be more like what we had this weekend but it'd be expensive without roommates and with roommates it wouldn't be so private."

"That's the conclusion I keep coming to, too," she replied.

"Your parents both work?" I asked.

"Yeah," she replied.

"So they're not home during the day?" I asked.

"No, my house is empty," she said, "but we both take the light rail. How would we get there?"

"What if we borrowed a company car and drove to your house during lunch?" I asked, "Would that look weird to the neighbors?"

"Most of them would be at work, too," she said, "but if I was driving and parked in the garage, it would be less likely to raise any questions."

"Let's give it a try this week," I said.

"I guess that means I should clean my room," she replied.