 Chapter 2 - Reunion

Jane hummed as she took a long bath and got dressed with unusual care. It was the night Lax was back in town. Jane's breath caught as she got lost in the erotic memories of the day she met Lax. She shivered as she thought of his rough hands on her body. She added a touch of makeup and perfume before heading out the door. 

The bar was quiet as usual and Jane headed towards her usual spot and sat down. She ordered a rum and coke from Charlie, the bartender, and settled in to wait for Lax. She took a drink and sighed, remembering how he tasted of rum. Jane let her imagination run. She thought about the last time she had touched him. She blushed slightly as she thought of all the things that they had done and began to daydream of things she wanted to do tonight.

8 drinks and 4 hours later, it was 1 am. Jane was smashed. She decided she had waited long enough.

"Stupid man!" Jane grumbled as she staggered back towards her apartment. "It's a good thing I live so close." Jane thought as she leaned her head against the building's front door and flipped through her keys as her head spun. 

All of a sudden, a large, strong arm grabbed her from behind, one hand landing squarely over her mouth. Jane shrieked in surprise. 

"Easy baby girl, it's just me," said a calm, familiar, deep voice.

Jane's body relaxed as she realized who it was and then tensed again. Lax let go of her mouth and turned her to face him without letting her go. 

"You asshole," Jane growled, "I've been waiting for you at the bar for 4 hours!"

She tried to back away from him, but ended up getting dizzy again and slumping against him instead. Lax raised his eye brows at her.

"Sorry about that," Lax said, "The traffic between here and Boston is seriously fucked up. We just got back in town. I called Charley, but he said you already left."

Jane stared at him for a minute and then shrugged.

"It's ok," Jane said, breaking into giggles, "It just builds the antishipashun."

Lax's eyes widened once more for a second before he threw back his head and roared with laughter. 

"You're piss drunk!" Lax said, still bent over laughing.

"Give the man an award for both his detective skills and his sexiness." Jane said, giggling some more.

She eyed him hungrily. Now that he was here, she wanted to get the party started.

"Come on Captain Morgan," Lax said, grabbing her keys and opening the door, "Let's go upstairs."

Jane giggled yet again. 

"Captain Morgan. Aye Aye!" Jane said as she leaned heavily against Lax as they climbed the stairs to the second floor. 

Lax propped Jane against the wall as he unlocked the door. Jane just stared at Lax for a minute. 

"You are so hot." She sighed as Lax opened the door and steered her inside.

Lax lightly pushed her backwards and she landed on a couch.

"Don't sleep." Lax said seriously, "I'll make you some coffee."

He headed back to the kitchen and made a coffee for Jane and a drink for himself. Lax headed back into the living room and found Jane with her eyes closed, humming an Irish drinking song. 

"At least you're a happy drunk." Lax said, handing her the coffee mug, "Drink this." 

"Mmmmm" Jane sighed as she took a sip of hot coffee.

After a while, she felt much more awake. Lax was sitting across from her in a lazy boy. Jane set her cup down on a coffee table, still a little unsteady. She walked to Lax, took his empty glass, and set it down on the table. Lax said nothing as she walked back to him and sat down on his lap, facing him. He put his hands on her hips and then ran them up and down her waist. Jane closed her eyes and purred like a cat. 

"I've been thinking of this since I found your note last time." Jane said, as she ran her hands up and down his arms.

Lax didn't respond, but ran his eyes up and down her body. Jane felt her body tighten in response to his gaze. She decided that she didn't want to wait any longer. She leaned forward and caught Lax by surprise as she kissed his mouth, hard. Lax sat up and pulled her tight against him as he kissed her back. Jane groaned as she opened her mouth and Lax slid his tongue in her mouth and caressed her. Jane gasped into his mouth as Lax as he slid his hands up the back of her shirt. He broke the kiss as he deftly unhooked her bra and pulled it off as Jane played with his hair. Lax gave Jane a wicked smile as he took one hand out of her shirt and tangled it in her long hair. Jane gasped dizzily as Lax gently pulled her head back and began to kiss her neck. His other hand went to one of her breasts and caressed the soft skin. Jane moaned again at the sensations his hand and mouth were making in her. Jane leaned back slightly and started pulling at the hem of Lax's shirt. Lax let go of her for a minute and dragged the shirt up over his head. 

"You are just the hottest little thing." Lax gasped as he reached for the hem of Jane's shirt and pulled it off of her head.

Jane said nothing as she tangled a hand in Lax's long hair and pulled his head back. She started kissing and licking down his neck as he had done to her earlier. She sighed as she breathed in the way his skin smelled. There was nothing quite like the smell of a clean, hot man. Jane slid down off of Lax's legs and to the floor. She slid his legs apart and settled in between them on the floor. She kissed her way down his chest, savoring each gasp and each sigh. All of a sudden, she stood up. Jane grabbed Lax's belt and pulled him out of the chair. She tugged the belt loose and pulled it off quickly. She undid his pants, let them drop, and then shoved Lax back down into the chair.

"I think I like it when you're drunk!" Lax said with a smirk.

Jane just smiled as she knelt down again and started kissing where she had left off. Lax was rock hard in his boxers. Jane ran her hands up Lax's thighs from his knees. She looked straight into Lax's eyes as she ran one hand up over his cock in his boxers. She just smiled as he shuddered and dropped his head back on the chair. Jane took Lax's cock out of his boxers and savored the feel of it in her hand. He had a great looking cock and Jane loved the way it looked against her hands. Jane moved her hands around him as she kissed his thighs. Lax still had his head back on the chair, so Jane bit his thigh to get his attention. When his head snapped back up, Jane licked the tip of his cock, still looking him right in the eye. Keeping eye contact, Jane slid her mouth slowly down his cock, keeping her hands on him also. Lax let out a strangled groan as he gripped the arms of the chair. Jane moved her mouth and hands for a while, savoring Lax's groans. Lax's knuckles were white as he gripped the chair.

All of a sudden, Lax grabbed her hair again and eased her up off of his cock. Jane just looked up at him with a wanton look.

"Bloody hell, ya wench." Lax sighed as he stood up and pulled Jane to her feet also. 

Jane shrieked as Lax picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. 

"You are such a, such a, caveman!" Jane giggled as Lax carried her down the hallway. 

"Good," Lax said, "Maybe they'll start giving me commercials." 

He set her down and unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them off her legs. Jane sighed as Lax ran his hands over her thighs. He stared in appreciation at the red bikini underwear that Jane had chosen specially for him. 

"Come here." Lax said as he grabbed her hand and set her up on a dresser. 

He grasped the sides of her underwear and pulled them down. He grabbed a chair and sat in front of the dresser. His rough hands heated her thighs as he pushed them apart. Jane grabbed his head for balance. She sucked in her breath as he placed hot wet kisses up the inside of her thigh, stopping right before he got to where she desperately wanted him. Jane growled in frustration as he stopped abruptly and started up the inside of her other thigh. When he reached the place she wanted him, he reached out his tongue and brushed it against her slit as lightly as he could. 

"Please...let me come" whimpered Jane.

"Sit still girl, don't make me tie you up." Lax said with a grin.

Lax pushed her chest so that she was leaning back on the dresser. His fingers found her and he put three of them in and curled them toward himself. Jane moaned loudly and ground her hips against the sensation his fingers produced. He leaned forward and licked up one side of her lips and down the other. Jane squirmed and sighed. Suddenly, Lax sucked her clit into his mouth, hard. Jane shrieked at the sensation. Lax started moving his fingers in and out of her, increasing the intensity.

"Jane." Lax said seriously. 

Jane peeled her blue eyes open and looked into the fiery hazel of his. 

"I want you to come for me." Lax said quietly. "Come."

He sucked her clit back into her mouth and flicked it with his tongue. 

"Ahhhh!" Jane whined. 

She arched her back and thrust her hips as the sensation built like an approaching freight train. She screamed as a very powerful climax washed over her. 

"Yeah, get it!" Lax growled as he increased the pressure and drover her higher.

Jane collapsed back on the dresser, completely boneless. Lax gave her clit one last long lick, causing her body to jerk, then stood up. He picked her up and gently set her on the bed. He gently turned her over on the bed and raised her hips up. She propped herself up her elbows and looked back at him with a look of pure lust. 

"You better fuck the shit out of my pussy." Jane said calmly.

"You know I will. You'll be calling my name begging to come again." Lax replied, rolling on a condom.

Jane shuddered. She loved the way he talked dirty to her and how it made the warmth flow through her body straight to the core of her. Lax slapped Jane on her ass, hard. 

"Ooooh..." Jane moaned.

Lax pushed down on her back and then grabbed her hips, pulling her back to him. Grabbing his rock hard cock in his hand, Lax rubbed the head against Jane's lips and then up to her swollen, wet clit. Jane whined and squirmed her hips, trying to get him inside her. Lax smacked Jane's ass again. She groaned and thrust her hips back at him again. Lax lined up his cock with her pussy and drove it all the way into Jane, as deep as he could. 

"Ahhhh!!!!" Jane screamed. 

Lax threw his head back and fucked her hard. Jane pushed back on every thrust. 

"Yeah, fuck me!" Jane gasped as Lax continued to pound her pussy. 

Lax reached underneath her and rubbed her clit between two fingers as he slid in and out of her. 

"You're going to come again, aren't you my sweet little slut." Lax growled. "Get it Jane, come for me."

The words poured over Jane and tightened her pussy around Lax. 

"Just like that Jane. Tighten up on me and come. Come with my name." Lax gasped, struggling to put off coming for a few more minutes.

Jane felt it coming from deep inside her. The sound started deep in her chest as a whine and ended up a scream as Lax grabbed her nipple with his free hand and squeezed lightly. Lax thrust three more times into her as hard as he could, arriving at a mind bending climax as her inner walls squeezed and massaged his pulsing dick. 

Jane collapsed on the bed with Lax right behind her. 

"Are you going to be here in the morning?" Jane asked lazily. 

"Yeah, I don't have to go until Wednesday." Lax replied. 

Lax hauled Jane up against his chest and started snoring.