 Chapter 1 

We met the usual way, in a hotel. Technically - outside the hotel. 

I was facilitating a training session in the hotel that morning, and he and some of his flight crew had pulled up in a taxi from the airport. In fact, I was marching past his taxi with my arms full of training materials when he opened his door directly into my path - and sent me and my stuff flying. 

'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,' said the long-legged pilot, who leapt out of the car and grabbed some of my files before they flew away. 'Should have looked before I opened the door.' 

I was a bit winded, to say the least. I gaped at him while I sprawled at his feet, my long legs this way and that, and my tailored grey knee-length dress hiked up to my thighs. The sun was a bit bright, but I could clearly see that this man was an Adonis in an airline pilot's uniform. His face was like a movie star's - all chiselled planes and lightly tanned skin. Beneath his visored hat were beautiful lips and the most intense blue eyes I've ever seen. My clitoris tingled, and I blushed like crazy. 

'That's all right,' I murmured, very British-like, tucking an errant lock of curly hair behind my ear. 'Nothing broken.' Luckily I wasn't wearing stockings, or they'd have been in a dire state. 

He held out a hand to me, and I grasped it. He easily pulled me up, a bit too easily, maybe, because I suddenly found myself staring at the crossweave on his airline tie and breathing in his cologne. I swallowed, and looked up to see him watching me with consideration. 

'God, you're a clutz, Watson!' laughed a male voice. We both turned and watched another man in a pilot's uniform, along with a gorgeous young woman in a flight attendant's uniform, collect up the last of my wayward files. Smiling, they came up to me and handed my gear over. 

'Don't worry, ma'am,' the other pilot grinned. 'Captain Watson's brilliant at flying, but he's quite likely to trip and fall flat on his face while boarding the plane.' 

'Yeah, yeah, Fairclough,' Watson said with a lazy smile. 

My cheeks were still red. 'Thanks so much for collecting my files,' I stammered. 'I couldn't have gotten through the day without them.' 

Watson was still hanging on to the ones he picked up. He looked at the cover. 'Legal Developments in Cybersecurity,' he read out loud. He handed it over with a raised eyebrow. 'Impressive.' 

I snorted. 'I've seen inside the flight deck of Boeing 777. I'm fairly sure flying an airliner has to be one of the most complicated jobs on the planet.' 

They laughed politely. Well, that's my networking done. 

'Enjoy your training day, Ms McGill,' Watson said to me. 

Surprised, I looked up at him. 

Smirking, he nodded at the topmost file. 'Your name's on the cover.' 

I blushed again. 'So it is. Well, thank you. Have a nice layover.' 

I scurried into the hotel's atrium while they got their luggage out of the taxi. I smiled ruefully to myself. What a gorgeous man. Way, way out of my league though. The flight attendant looked like Miss Universe. I'm sure a curly-haired lawyer nerd wouldn't interest him. 

I left my files with the hotel's conference co-ordinator and nipped into the Ladies. My panties were wet. Just from his touch. 

***** 

Hooray, finally at the end of a gruelling day! I just had a small cohort of trainees today, but in the small groups the men like to metaphorically compare their dicks and monologue at each other while ignoring me, the so-called expert, up at the front of the room. I was going to reward myself with the biggest glass of kick-ass chardonnay the hotel bar could drum up. 

Throwing together the last of my stuff, I checked my phone. There was a text from an unknown number. Curious, I opened it. 

'Hope your training went well today, Ms McGill. 

Would you be interested in having a drink before you leave the hotel? 

Captain E. Watson 

PS: your phone number was on the training material, too.' 

My heart did a cute little fluttery somersault. 

I dashed off a reply to let him know I was heading to the bar, then detoured to the Ladies to freshen up. 

***** 

When I entered the bar, hopefully looking as cool as a cucumber and as fresh as a daisy, I saw him and the other pilot sitting in a corner, facing the entrance. They both smiled and stood up as I approached. 

I love a well-mannered man. Men. 

They bought me a drink (well, all of my drinks in the end) and courteously asked me about my day, my career, my hobbies. When I started my third drink, the discussions became more relaxed, and they had me laughing with ridiculous stories of airline hi-jinks. 

Then Ethan (Captain Watson) and Jace (First Officer Fairclough) exchanged looks, and Ethan asked me if I wanted to have dinner. I looked straight into his brilliant eyes and said yes. As if on cue, Jace stood up, saying 'I see a friend over there... I'll go over and say hi. Lovely to meet you, Beth.' Then he was gone. 

Ethan and I looked at each other. 

***** 

Later... 

He stood in the low-lit hotel bedroom with his hands in his pockets, as if he was waiting for a train. 

He said 'Your clothes need to be removed by the time I come back.' 

He looked at me speculatively, and wandered into what I guessed was a bathroom, shutting the door. 

I watched the way the muscles in his back shifted when he turned away from me. He'd already lost the items of clothing that identified him as a pilot - his hat, jacket, tie and shirt with epaulettes that probably denoted something important. The gold braid and bars meant little to me. I'd never been with a pilot before. 

But I would be with one very soon. Much to my surprise. 

Anyway, he said my clothes had to be removed, right? I mock-saluted the closed bathroom door and unzipped my dress. I liked the way it pooled on the floor around my feet, but I picked it up and hung it in the closet. At least when I do my walk of shame to the hotel car park tomorrow morning, it won't be in a wrinkled dress. 

Next, I walked over to the bedroom's vast windows that overlooked the beautiful city nightscape, losing my bra along the way. We were so high up. I admired the view while I slid my tiny panties over my hips and down my legs. I was glad to be rid of them - I was soaking wet again. He'd been slowly turning me on all evening with his low-voiced talk and direct but inscrutable gaze. 

I could see myself reflected in the window glass. I was completely naked, except for my shoes. He didn't say I had to remove them, to be fair, but high heels are killers on the feet and back, and I'd been on them all damn day. Off they came. 

On the nearby desk lay his hat. I picked it up, curious. Then I tried it on, looking at myself in the glass again. It was too big for me, of course, but I liked the way the visor hid my eyes and only revealed my sultry mouth. The reflection mouth quirked. He didn't say I couldn't put his clothes on... 

I tried on his jacket, which promptly made me look like a beached whale. It smelled of his cologne, though. Yum. 

I shrugged it off and picked up his shirt with the mysterious epaulettes. I put it on, leaving the buttons undone. Even though the sleeves were short, they came down to my elbows. It covered my arse at the back. I held the shirt closed with one hand at my sternum while letting the material slide away from my shoulders. I looked in the glass again. Sexy. I smiled. 

Sometimes hiding something can turn a man on more than revealing everything. 

'Do you often struggle to obey simple instructions?' The wry voice was Ethan's. 

I slowly faced him. I watched his eyes take in my long legs, bare shoulders and plump mouth. He might sound like he didn't approve of my interpretation of his instructions, but he liked what I was wearing very much. I knew this because he was totally nude, and his cock was hard and straining away from him. Yet he just leaned against the door frame and crossed his arms, at ease with his body. 

His gorgeous body. I've never seen anything like it before. 

I let go of the shirt, and I saw his chest heave as he stared at my breasts and trimmed pussy. 'Are you going to have me arrested for impersonating a pilot, sir?' I asked saucily. 

He smirked. 'There's no way in the world anyone would mistake you for a pilot,' he said. 

Well. That begs the question, doesn't it? I ran my fingers over my lips. 'Then what do I look like?' 

In reply, he strode over to me and put a hand at the base of my neck. He tilted my head up and slammed his lips over mine, kissing me hard, possessively. His hat got in the way so he whipped it off my head and placed it on his own. His erection pressed against my stomach, hard and warm. 

When he released my lips, he ground out 'You're one of the sexiest fucking women I've ever met. You're bewitching.' 

I closed my eyes. Already he's figured out how much words turn me on. I could feel my pussy fluttering, and he's barely even touched me. 

Then he said something that made my breath tremble. 

'Since you have trouble obeying instructions, you need to be punished.' 

The harsh words were whispered softly into my ear. 

Chapter 2 

I raised an eyebrow at Ethan's words, despite my heart starting to hammer in my chest. 'I think you'll find I obeyed your instructions perfectly,' I countered, looking innocent. 'I have removed my clothes, as you can see. If your objective was for me to be naked, you should have clarified.' 

Both his dark blonde eyebrows shot up. I guess he's not used to being sassed. I suppose it wouldn't do for the flight crew to argue with each and every one of his instructions if the intention is to get a massive lump of steel airborne from A to B in one piece. 

As it turned out, he didn't have anything to say. He simply picked me up, tossed me over his shoulder, strode across the room to the bed - and dropped me on top of it. 

I squeaked with outraged surprise when he picked me up, which earned me a sharp slap to my arse when he had me hanging upside down in his fireman's lift. I felt the slap keenly, administered through his thin shirt. 

He stood, waiting, at the end of the bed with his hands on his hips when I righted myself, spat hair out of my mouth and stared at him in surprise. 

He beckoned a finger. 'Come here.' 

I crossed my arms and poked my tongue out at him. He has yet to learn that I'm submissive in bed, but he's probably figured out that I'm what you might delicately call 'a challenge' out of it. 

Suddenly, he reached out a golden muscled arm, grabbed one of my ankles, and pulled me in one movement to the edge of the bed. Sitting down, he hauled me over his lap, stripped me of his shirt and pinned my arms behind my back. 

Oh, God. He's actually going to... I wriggled like a fish on a hook. 

He slapped my arse - a sole, stinging smack on my right buttock. I stilled, exploring the second flash of pain on my skin. 

And decided that oddly, I liked it. 

'Disobedient and argumentative.' Above me, I could hear the amusement in Ethan's voice. 'Oh, Beth, you've bitten off more than you can chew tonight.' 

I tried to focus. His movements so far were decisive, but not forceful. One hand held my wrists behind my back, but not with a harsh grip. He'd manipulated me physically, but not violently. 

'I need a safe word,' he said, as if he was reading my mind. 

I felt relieved. I hadn't agreed to fuck a random psycho who also happened to fly planes. I like taking calculated risks - this is not my first one-night stand. But I don't like being beaten and raped. Fantasy or real. 

'Um'... I closed my eyes. 'Fuselage?' 

He started laughing. 'Seriously?' 

'Would you like 'cockpit' instead? I asked snippily. 'I can turn a lot of aviation terms into phallic statements.' 

'No, my sexy little wordsmith, 'fuselage' will do. I hope I won't hear it.' 

And with that, he started. 

***** 

He ran his spare hand all over my arse and made me spread my legs a little so that my pussy was visible to him. When the cool air of the room hit my wet cunt, I bit my lip hard to suppress a moan. This pilot will have to work for my reaction. 

But my resolve flew out the window when he delicately ran a long finger over my wet pussy - then spanked my left buttock. To my inner chagrin, I moaned. 

'Good girl,' he said softly, running his hand over the buttock - then he slapped the other one. 

There was no pattern I could predict. Sometimes the spanks were sole, hard, sharp ones. At other times they would be softer, but administered in a cluster. Occasionally he would massage my arse. I felt it grow warmer and warmer under his hand. When he whispered to me that I was a good girl, I shimmered under his praise. 

He chuckled when he touched my pussy, to find me soaking wet. 

'Fuck me,' I begged, squirming in his lap to expose myself, rubbing against his steel-hard erection. 

He just ignored me. 

When he spoke to me in his low voice - oh, dear God, it went straight to the fizzing pit of my stomach. 'Your skin is turning a beautiful shade of pink,' he said, as he spanked me. 'Like the colour of your delicious-looking cunt. Almost as beautiful as your face. I've been wanting to fuck you all day, Beth, from the second I saw you on the ground with your legs spread apart. And now your body is spread out before me.' 

Then one of his wet fingers brushed the perimeter of my arsehole. 

'Omigod yes!' God, it felt so good... 

But he denied me again, resuming his smacks with renewed vigour. 

I was so turned on, but I couldn't do a fucking thing about it. Ethan was driving me insane with lust. No matter how much I begged, pleaded or moaned, he just kept me in a suspended state of agonising near-orgasm. I closed my legs, hoping to derive a shoddy stimulation of my clit by rubbing my thighs together, but he slid his hand between my legs to open them again and cupped my mound. I didn't care. I tried to rub myself on his hand but he laughed darkly, withdrew it and smacked my buttocks again. 

I broke. I couldn't do this anymore. 'Please, please stop,' I begged. 

He stilled. 'Use the safe word if you need to.' 

'Fuck the safe word!' I sobbed. 'I need to come - Ethan, please, please let me come...' 

'As you wish,' he whispered. 

Placing the top of his thumb on my arsehole, he roughly shoved two fingers into my cunt, pistoning them hard and fast inside me. 

I wailed and came hard, squirting over his hand. 

He gently pulled me up and straddled me across his lap. He titled my chin up and kissed me slowly, gently. 

'Good girl.' He smiled. 'You're so beautiful like this.' 

I closed my eyes in sated exhaustion and leaned against his shoulder. 

Chapter 3 

Ethan is full of surprises. 

After his kiss, I leaned against him, trying to get my breath back. Suddenly, he stood up, and clutching my legs around his waist, took us both to the bathroom and into a shower. 

I tipped my head back and let the falling water rush over my face as Ethan lowered his mouth to my breasts and sucked the drops from my nipples with his tongue and lips. Directly underneath my pussy was his granite-hard cock, pointing straight up. I brushed my pussy against the head of his cock and smiled when finally, I got a reaction from him - a hiss between clenched teeth. 

'No,' he said. 'We're a long way off that.' 

A long way, huh? I put my mouth to the pulse in his neck. 'What do you want me to do now?' 

He set me down on the ground. 'I want you to suck my cock,' he commanded in his low voice, fisting it. 

I pulled my wet hair back from my face and knelt down before him. The water made Ethan's cock feel slick. In fact, the water turned his body into something that glittered with sin. It sparkled off his sculpted muscles, sluicing down his strong arms and athletic thighs. His torso was mouth-watering. His pectoral muscles were hard, and his nipples were blush-pink. But it was his lower body that made me feel faint. 

His carved abdominal and oblique muscles shifted under his skin as he breathed. When my legs were around his waist, I could feel each muscle defined as we moved against each other. No happy trail of hair leading from his navel south on this man - aside from a dusting of dark blonde hair on his chest, his lower body was hairless except for his groin; and the hair that was on display was neatly clipped close to the skin. 

Oh, God... my mouth watered at the visual feast before me. 

I greedily ran my tongue over every part of his cock, licking the water, before fisting it in my hand and pulling one of his smooth balls into my mouth. He grunted. I swirled my tongue around it while I massaged the other one with my hand. Through the fall of the water, I looked up at him. He had his face tipped up so I could only guess at his expression. I ran my fingers down the muscles of his thighs. They were so taut they trembled. I guess that meant he liked it. 

But - and I let his heavy testicle fall out of my mouth as I remembered - the instructions were 'suck my cock.' Not 'lick my balls.' My arse wasn't quite in a fit state to receive another punishment so soon, so I made my way slowly from the base to the head of his cock, licking it like a big, fat, hard lollipop. Wrapping my hand around its base, I sealed my mouth over his head, ran my tongue around its smooth contours - and sucked. 

'Fuck yes, Beth,' he muttered, and one of his hands cupped the back of my head, pulling my wet hair away from my face with one hand. He used the other to balance himself against the wall. 

I fed his cock slowly into my mouth, working around it with my tongue while working the base of his cock with my hand. It seemed a long way off. 

I wondered how it would feel to him if I had a tongue stud. Then I smiled to myself. I'm sure this man already knows exactly what it feels like, being the seasoned traveller that he was. 

He angled my head so I could look up at him while his cock slid in and out through my lips. 'Can you deep-throat?' 

I'd had some success before, but it was hit-and-miss. With my mouth full, I decided to be conservative and shook my head. 

'Do you want to try? Using a safe signal?' 

I thought about it, and nodded. 

I stroked him firmly while I fed his cock, inch by slow inch, into my mouth, past the uvula, and towards my oesophagus. He girth was thick, and I could feel the sides of his cock slide past the muscles in my throat as my lips made contact with his body. Saliva built up in my mouth, and he was making the most amazing sounds - incoherent moans, very coherent swearwords, and my name, all tumbling from his lips, over and over. 

I pulled back off his cock with a gasp. My saliva coated his cock and spilled from my mouth. I looked up at him, through the water. His stunning blue eyes glittered. 

This time, my throat knew what to expect. Although a faster force would activate my gag reflex, a faster thrusting simulated the feeling of a man fucking a woman's pussy, hence its popularity. Of course, by now we'd worked out what we were to each other - I was submissive; he controlled the situation. Having me on my knees in the falling water, deep throating his cock, is nothing short of ultimate control for a man like this. I flicked my clitoris with a fingertip, and moaned out loud. 

It's stupid. 

But it felt like he could be my perfect lover. 

I fed his cock, slick with my saliva, into my mouth. I gripped his thigh with my hands and thrust my face forward into his body, over and over again. His thick, heavy cock slid to the back of my throat, touching it before retreating into my mouth. Over and over I did this, looking up at him while his eyes never left mine. The slick sound of his cock moving in and out of my throat, along with the involuntary sounds I made as he bottomed out in me were lewd, tawdry, and so damn erotic. 
