 A number of years ago I began dating this woman, Kim, whom I had met online. Divorced, with older kids. We were both in our 40s at the time.

We seemed to get along well enough. She was easy going and obviously taller than me. There's a switch. Not that I was tall, but typically women go for taller guys it seems. She had no issue with it.

This particular night we had gone to dinner at a new place. It was busy. Food was good. Nice night.

On the drive back to her place, I asked her if she ever had a threesome. The conversation had already turned in that direction.

To my surprise, she said yes. And then went onto explain how it came about. After hearing the very abbreviated version, I asked, "Would you do it again?"

And to my surprise again, she said yes. She felt she was bi-sexual, but wasn't quite sure.

This set in motion a series of adventures as a couple over the next five years or so.

Mostly at first I managed to set her up with guys with larger cocks. That was super easy. One post online with the right photos and text, and the email flood would happen quickly.

Trying to set up meetings with couples was much more difficult. We only succeeded one time.

The problem was that four people all had to get along, and like each other well enough to want to get naked. Not to mention trying to juggle everyone's schedules to actually meet.

It was frustrating.

And I was the one doing all the work trying to get a night scheduled. Kim was not really proactive about it. Just preferring to let me handle it. 

Dealing with so many idiots online really ate up a lot of time. It was amazing how many ads were posted by "couples," with my finding out later that the woman had no clue and was not interested. Sort of like a man saying he is divorced and then asking him the question, "Does your wife know about it?"

So the whole online thing was a big hit or miss. Mostly miss.

One night I was on the couch complaining about all the time I was wasting with contacts that went nowhere.

I guess Kim sensed that maybe she should have a go at it. So she offered to post an ad and see what happens.

All too happy to get a break from it, I said, "Go for it."

She wound up posting in the couples seeking woman section. I knew from prior experience, that the elusive "single" female for couples was the golden ticket everyone wanted, and few got.

Well it turns out after a few days she got a response. I was shocked, and then of course pictured a 600lb woman who needed to shave her quadruple chin.

I was definitely not a glass half full guy when it came to online personals hell.

That was until I saw the photo. Hmmm...nice. Brunette, long curled hair, pretty, was in scrubs, so worked in medical most likely. 

Kim set about a meet a Friday at a restaurant by the mall one evening. We got there first and got a small table in the bar. Ordered some house salads and waited. She was texting the woman directions, since she had not been to this area for a while.

In walks a brunette up to the bar. I said to Kim, "That looks like her hair." She glanced around and I waved her over to our spot off to the side.

Her name was Barbara. She pulled up a stool and ordered a drink. And we sat and chatted for about an hour or so. Barbara was a bit adventurous as well it seems. Telling us about a swingers club she went to by herself one night. She had been in the military too. I definitely would not have guessed, looking at her.

She seemed nice, and intelligent. Definitely good looking. Nice sized breasts, and probably about 150 or so pounds. Kim liked her as well.

So we agreed to get together another night at some point. Things were looking up. 

Barbara left before we did. Kim and I chatted a bit more. 

Kim laughed a bit and said, "So do you think you could fuck her?"

I smiled and said, "That would not be a problem."

So we left and a week passed. I figured I would leave it up to Kim to set up a night for Barbara to come over for fun with us.

Sunday night, I inquired if Barbara was still interested. Kim said yes. She was working out a time and day. I worked from home, so my schedule was easy enough.

We lived out in a mini sub-division in the sticks. Nice brick ranch. Not crammed on top of other homes. It was nice having some space. Not so nice on the mowing and yard work though.

Wednesday came around, Kim was off to work early as usual. I was up around 9am. Showered, shaved and had a fresh orange. I always liked the smell of a good orange when it was peeled. Got lucky on this one, it had decent flavor too.

I did my usual computer work in the morning. At some point, I had extra time and decided to do some vacuuming. One of the really nice things about a ranch house, easy vacuuming. So I got the beast out and busily worked my way around the carpets and floors.

At some point I thought I heard the doorbell. Must have been around 11am by then. I figured it was my older neighbor across the street who was retired. Super nice guy. And he would come over and ask for my help with things at times, since he knew I was handy.

I opened the front door, and there in heels, skirt, and overcoat was Barbara. Needless to say, I was surprised as I opened the storm door and told her to come in.

"Well hey there. What are you doing in the neighborhood?" I asked.

Barbara stood there and said, "Kim asked me to come out."

I looked a bit puzzled, and said, "Well she won't be home until probably 8 tonight."

Barbara smiled and said, "Yes, that was the idea. She asked me to come by."

I smiled and laughed, "Well that's a nice surprise indeed."

She looked around the living room a bit, and then asked, "Where is the bedroom?"

I motioned to the left.

She said, "Do you mind?"

"No, not at all," I replied.

We walked into the master bedroom. She took off her overcoat and I took it from her and put it out on the sofa.

"I need to wash my hands, and brush my teeth," I said, walking back into the bedroom.

Barbara replied, "I need to wash mine as well." She came into the bath and washed. 

She wore a nice black skirt and heels. The blouse she had on definitely showed off her lovely tits, no bra. Nice.

As I brushed, a text message came through on my phone. "Is your guest there?"

I replied, "Yes, you sneak!"

"Have fun", she texted back.

I walked back out to the bedroom where Barbara was standing by the bed. She was shorter than I thought.

My hands found her waist, and I pulled her toward me and kissed her, gently. She was definitely a good kisser.

She paused, "One thing...you need to let me take control," she said.

I smiled and said, "okay."

We continued kissing. My lips finding her neck and my hands on her ass. Our kissing grew more intense. My hands soon were on her lovely full tits over her shirt. I gently pinched her nipples through her blouse with my fingers.

She unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and had me lay on the bed. She stripped me down, socks, jeans, shorts.

My cock was pulsing as she unbuttoned her blouse about half way. Her hands held her tits and she pulled her nipples as she looked at me.

"Do you have condoms and lube?" she asked.

"Yes. In the drawer of the nightstand," I said as I motioned.

She took one out and set it on the bed. She had me move back a bit on the bed. Reaching behind her, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall. I was looking at a nicely trimmed brunette bush. My cock twitched in anticipation.

She took the lube, put some on her finger, and proceeded to lube my ass. I thought, oh oh, what did I get myself into here?

Then she proceeded to lay next to me, her head at my cock. And she took it in her mouth and started to work her oral magic on it.

"Fuck," I thought. Is this really happening to me. Am I going to wake up and suddenly be disappointed?

No, it was real. Her long hair brushing against me and she sucked my now extremely hard shaft like a hungry wolf. So good.

One would think all women gave good blowjobs. But it isn't so. It's a learned skill to be sure. And Barbara definitely studied and did her homework years ago.

I kept thinking, okay, just relax and think of yard work so you don't cum. Think of all the bugs, dust and hours of mowing. Just don't focus on her pleasuring my cock.

She took my shaft out of her mouth briefly and said, "I love your cock."

All I could do was moan. I was holding out, and then I felt her finger slide into my ass! I was like, "oh no!" Fuuuuuck! Think of a tax audit! Think of dental drilling! Something!"

She was massaging my prostate with her finger, while my shaft throbbed in her mouth. I couldn't take it anymore. 

I said to her, "You're gonna make me cum!"

And she didn't let up! Fuck! I felt my balls tighten fully and my shaft started to pulsate and waves of pleasure shot through my body. My throbbing cock emptied itself in her mouth. Glorious, amazing pleasure was making my body tingle.

I laid there breathing heavily as she got up and went to the bath and washed. She came back out and unbuttoned her blouse all the way. Stunning D cups. She climbed onto the bed and straddled my cock.

To my surprise it was still rock hard. I realized then, there was a method to her madness.

She opened her mouth and let my cum drip all over her tits and down to her pussy. She rubbed her pussy for a bit. Then she grabbed a condom, put it on my shaft, and proceeded to mount me.

I reached down to her ass, my cock fully hard inside her, but no pending orgasm. And she proceeded to ride me and grind her clit on me. I sucked hungrily on each of her tits. Pulled her down to me and kissed her passionately.

Telling her, "That's it, ride that beautiful cock and cum all over it!"

Her breathing picked up more and more and then there she was. In orgasmic bliss on my solid shaft, riding it for every bit of pleasure she could get.

I held her close, and kissed her some more.

Then she got off me and said "I have to go now."

My cock was still rock hard. Hmm.

I said, "Okay, if you must." But there is one more thing."

She looked at me, and I took her hand and told her to get on the bed on her hands and knees. 

I pulled her to me and said, "I want to fuck you from behind."

She got on the bed and rested on her elbows, ass in the air. I guided my cock to her wet pussy and slid it fully in. I reached around and massaged her clit with my fingers, while stroking her with my cock in short movements. It wasn't long before she was about to cum again, and as she did, I grabbed her hips with both hands and started to slam fuck her hard and fast.

She breathed out hard "Oh fuuuck...take that pussy!"

And take it I did! I don't know how many times she came, but it was more than twice. And I was still nowhere near having another orgasm.

I finally collapsed on top of her as we caught our breath.

With that, she got dressed. I gave her a big hug, and out the front door she went. My dried cum all over her underneath her blouse.

I texted Kim at work. "Wow...just wow! Thank you"

She texted a smiley face back.