 This is my first story. Any comments, critiques, or suggestions are appreciated. Hope you enjoy reading!

.........................................

"Jacob they're here!" 

Jacob stirred in his bed. His father's booming voice had shaken him awake. He rolled over and looked at his alarm clock. 

"Jacob!"

"I'm coming!" He rolled out of bed and took a step towards his closet. His head was pounding. He rubbed sleep from his eyes and looked at his reflection in the mirror. 

"God, I look hung-over," he thought to himself. He picked a pair of jeans off the floor and took a t-shirt from a hanger. Closing the closet door, he took a step back and smiled at himself. His hair was a mess and his eyes were dark."Fuck it," he whispered, taking a bottle of aspirin from his dresser. 

Hurrying downstairs, he arrived in an empty hallway. The front door was open and he could hear voices outside. He stepped into the sun and raised a hand to shade his eyes. 

"There you are!" A woman's voice cried loudly. She was standing in the driveway with his dad next to an old maroon mini-van. Long brown hair hung at her shoulders and her shirt revealed an ample amount of cleavage. 

"Hi Aunt D," he said smiling as he walked towards her. She opened her arms and pulled him into a long hug. Aunt D and Jacob's father had been friends since high school. She wasn't really his aunt, so he didn't feel bad that he enjoyed her breasts pressing against his chest. 

"Looks like some one has been burning the candle at both ends." She laughed as she ruffled his hair. Jacob smiled.

"Well, graduating from college provides a lot of opportunities to celebrate," he said. His father laughed.

"Son, just tell me when the celebrating is over and I can expect to see you before noon."

"Ha, whatever dad. I'm only home for the summer. You'll miss me when I'm gone!" 

His dad chuckled. "We'll see."

"Aunt D, where is Kate? I thought she was coming too." Jacob asked.

"I'm right here!" Came an answer from behind the van. Jacob was momentarily in shock. Walking towards him was a beautiful young woman that Jacob hardly recognized. Her hair was light brown and hung just below her shoulders. Her face and body were tanned from the sun. Her body was slender, and long smooth legs disappeared into tiny shorts that covered a tight and round ass. She wore a white tank top that revealed the sloping curves of her small breasts and outlined the black bra that she wore underneath. 

Jacob realized he had been staring for half a second and quickly shook his head and smiled. "Hey Katie!" He greeted her with a warm hug. "Let me grab that for you," he said reaching down and grabbing her suitcase.

"Thanks!" She smiled at him. "How have you been? It's been so long and you look old!"

"Ha, I'm only a couple years older than you. You'll be where I am soon enough." He lifted her bag and followed his father and Aunt D into the house.

Jacob excused himself while his father showed Aunt D and Katie their rooms for the next week. He closed the door to his room and sat on his bed. He was having trouble comprehending how much this girl had changed. It was only three years since the last time they had seen each other, and she was all grown up. 

Living with her is going to be a distraction, he thought to himself. Jacob put on a pair of swim trunks, grabbed some sunglasses and headed downstairs. He could hear voices in the kitchen. He opened the door to the back yard and the pool deck.

"Jacob, want some lunch?" His father shouted. The thought of food made his stomach grumble.

"No thanks," he yelled back as he shut the door. Jacob laid down in a lawn chair next to the pool and pulled the glasses down over his eyes. He hadn't meant to fall asleep, but he quickly drifted off in the afternoon sun. 

....................................

"SPLASH!" 

The sound shattered the afternoon stillness. Jacob's eyes sprung open behind his dark glasses. Ripples spread in ever-widening circles at the far end of the pool, gently lapping at the edges. 

A dark figure moved beneath the water. She surfaced at the edge of the pool, her back to where Jacob sat watching. She raised her arms and lifted herself out. Her dark hair hung behind her shoulders, dripping water down her back. The drops rolled their way down her golden skin, gathering speed as they descended and slowing where the curve of her ass seamlessly flowed into the curve of her lower back. A thin piece of brown fabric that served as a bikini bottom covered her ass. Long smooth legs disappeared into the fabric as Jacob silently stared.

She tilted her head and wrung the water out of her hair with both hands, as a small puddle formed at her feet. Jacob didn't move as she walked around the pool towards him. Her hips swayed and the sun reflected off the toned slopes of her small and perky breasts. He was awestruck, he was suddenly nervous, and he was incredibly turned on. As he stared he felt his balls tingle and his cock begin to grow. 

"Hey!" He waved to her as he lifted his head and pulled his knees up to hide his enlarged member. 

"Hey sleepy!" She smiled as she sat on the edge of the reclining chair next to him. "Did I wake you up? Sorry. Your dad said you were sleeping off a hangover or something."

"No no not at all, well, I mean, yes... but I just woke up now. On my own."

"Mmkay." As she said it she looked him over. Jacob watched her eyes glance over his body.

Is she checking me out? He thought to himself. He smiled inwardly. His body was lean and muscular. The outlines of his muscles stood out pressed against the tightness of his skin. He had always thought himself to be handsome. But he had been with the same girl for four years of college and wasn't accustomed to recognizing signs of interest from other girls. 

"Well you're looking like you might start to cook in a bit." She laughed, handing him a tube of SPF 30. 

"Oh thanks," he said taking the tube and cracking the cap open with his thumb. He squirted a generous portion of the white lotion into his hand and began rubbing it into his arms and chest. He covered his face and legs and then turned to the beautiful girl next to him. "Katie, would you mind getting my back?"

She raised her eyebrows. "God you are so difficult." She laughed.

"Ha, I know." He turned his back towards her as she stood up. The cap snapped closed behind him and he felt cool hands pressing on his shoulders. Her small palms rubbed circles in his back spreading the lotion slowly downwards as it absorbed into his skin. He felt his cock begin to grow. 

"There you go, all done." She said happily. "But you owe me." 

He turned back around and lay against his chair. "Ok, I'll get you next time." He smiled.

She lay back in her chair and lifted a pair of sunglasses to cover her eyes. 

Jacob turned his head to look at her. She was unbelievable. "So Katie...what has your life been like for the past three years?"

"Well...where to begin..."

..................................

They talked for hours. Breaking to swim, only to lay down again and continue their conversation. The sun moved overhead and gradually dipped behind a large oak tree in the neighbor's yard. 

Katie's laughter rang out against the lengthening shadows. "Oh my god! I can't believe you got away with that! Uganistan doesn't even sound like a real country!"

"Haha, well it wasn't exactly my idea." Jacob grinned. His smile filled his whole face. 

"Ha you are so guilty! Don't even try and pretend!" Katie said, pushing him playfully on the shoulder. 

Jacob took a step back and laughed. "Ok guilty as charged, are you ready to go inside yet?"

"I am if you are." She said sweetly, turning around, towel in hand as she headed towards the house. Jacob followed behind, watching her ass sway gently back and forth. 

They walked in through the kitchen. The kitchen table was cleared and it was silent. The house was empty. 

"Where are the parentals?" Jacob asked.

"Oh right," Katie said turning around towards him. "Your dad said to tell you that he'd be home after dinner...and there is lasagna in the fridge."

"Nice," Jacob moved towards the oven and set the heat to 350 degrees. "So where did they go?"

"I dunno, I didn't ask." Katie smiled as she reached for a bunch of grapes on the counter. She picked a green grape off the vine and popped it into her mouth. Her lips closed as her teeth sank into it. 

"Well, do you still like lasagna?" Jacob asked.

"Still a favorite," she answered, closing her lips around another grape. 

"Well good, 'cuz it's the only thing on the menu!" He laughed. 

She smiled, chewing on a mouthful of grapes. "Well, when's dinner mister chef?"

"It'll be ready in like half an hour. So we have time to get changed." He paused. "Did my dad show you where the bathroom is?"

"Yep, just down the hall from the guest room." She said, turning her back on him and walking out of the kitchen. He watched her as she left. 

.............................................

Jacob waited five minutes for the oven to heat up before sliding the pan of lasagna onto the center rack.

Gripping the banister with his right hand he headed up the stairs to his room. The upstairs hallway consisted of four rooms; a bathroom, his bedroom, a guest bedroom, and his father's study. The door to the guest bedroom was open as Jacob passed by. He noticed a brown bikini crumpled on the floor beside the bed. He passed the study on his left, looking straight ahead at the bathroom door, which was closed. 

Jacob closed the door to his room and lay down on his bed. He heard a rush of water coming from the bathroom. He would have to wait until she finished before he could shower. He closed his eyes. He pictured Katie. He imagined water running down her naked body, flowing over her perfect breasts. He pictured her running her hands over her nipples, letting the water cascade down between her legs. He reached a hand into his shorts and took a hold of his lengthening cock. He stroked it slowly as he thought about her...

...he stopped suddenly. I shouldn't be doing this. He thought to himself. She's a family friend, and I am supposed to be looking after her. His hard cock strained against his shorts.

Knock. Knock. 

Jacob sat bolt upright.

"Hey Jacob, I am done with the shower".

"Okay great!" He shouted a little too excitedly.

Footsteps followed down the hall and a door closed. 

Jacob tucked his erection under the waistband of his shorts and peered into the hall. He hurried into the bathroom and closed the door. Trying to ignore the hardness of his cock Jacob turned the water on in the shower. He reached a hand into the wet stream and shivered. It was cold. He stepped into the tub and let the icy water flow over his skin. He let all thoughts of her drift from his mind.

...........................................

Katie bent over and put the last plate into the dishwasher. "There we go, all done." She turned to Jacob and smiled. "Thanks for dinner."

"Well thanks for helping me clean up." Jacob said, closing the door to the refrigerator. 

"Of course...you still want to see what movies are on?" She said, her brows arched and eyes wide. 

"Definitely. Let's go downstairs." 

Jacob followed her as she descended the stairs to the basement. She wore a pair of light blue pajama pants and t-shirt that Jacob could have sworn she fit into six years ago. Jacob stared at her tight little ass as her hips swayed back and forth. 

"Brrr, it's chilly down here," Katie said, rubbing her shoulders as they reached the bottom of the stairs. 

Jacob walked towards a cupboard on the wall and pulled out a large fleece blanket. "Here you go," he said as he took a seat beside her on the couch. 

"Thanks," she smiled, covering her lap with the blanket. "Want to share?"

"Sure," Jacob replied, as she scooted a few inches closer him, throwing half the blanket over his legs. Jacob grabbed the remote, turned the television on, and flipped to the Pay Per View menu. "Here you go," he said, handing her the remote. 

The room was dark, but the light from the screen reflected off them both. Jacob watched her as she read through the available movies. He admired the curves of her breasts accentuated by her small shirt. Her nipples stood out against the fabric. Small buds hardened by the cold air. He felt some excitement within him begin to stir. 

"What about this?" She asked, turning towards him. 

Jacob turned towards the screen, slightly embarrassed that she might have caught him staring. "Looks good." He answered quickly. She started the movie and Jacob stretched his legs to rest on the small coffee table in front of them. 

"Ooh, can we share?" She said, placing her legs beside his. 

Jacob felt the nerve endings in his skin fire with excitement as their legs and feet touched. He became tremendously aware of their bodies together, and the small skin-to-skin connection of her foot resting against his. 

He could barely pay attention to the movie. A small laugh would send her foot rubbing against his. He couldn't tell if she was as aware as he that they were touching. Every time he felt her foot moved against his he would gently press back, but she made no acknowledgement of the action. 

Suddenly, the two main characters on screen began to kiss. The woman led the man to her bed and she lay down. He moved between her legs and started kissing her neck as they worked to undress each other. She moaned as he lavished her breasts with his tongue and she combed her fingers through his hair. The camera quickly cut away into a montage of steamy sex.

Jacob sat still as he felt Katie's toes rake up the side of his foot. He waited. The same toes moved down across his skin towards his heel. He turned to his right and looked at Katie. She turned her head towards him, eyes staring into his, her lips slightly parted. Jacob moved his head towards her and felt her mouth press against his. Her tongue darted into his mouth. 

They kissed slowly, exploring each others mouths. Jacob pulled away and Katie smiled at him. He moved his lips to her ear and began nibbling her ear lobe, his breath hot on the side of her head. Katie let out a deep breath and pushed her body against his. His cock was growing hard. He could feel her breasts pressing against his chest. 

"Mmm," Katie let out a low moan as Jacob's hands found her ass. She sat up placing a knee on either side of him, straddling him. She could feel his cock rub against her as she pushed herself against him. She kissed him again, deeply on the lips. Their tongues met and began to tease back and forth. 

Jacob placed his hands on her hips as they rubbed against each other. He slowly traced his fingers under her shirt, grazing her smooth skin. Her nipples were hard, she wasn't wearing a bra. Jacob massaged her breasts, circling her nipples with his fingers, pinching and teasing them. 

Katie lifted her head, eyes closed, as she enjoyed the feeling of his hands exploring her body. He kissed her neck and she sighed deeply. He ran his hands up and down her thighs as she ground her ass on his hardening cock. He moved his fingers further and further up her legs, closer and closer to her pussy. 

She looked down at him, biting her lip, as she lifted herself gently giving him access between her legs. He slipped a hand into her pajama pants, sliding his finger between her legs. Her panties were wet. He moved her panties aside, and his middle finger gently grazed her pussy lips. He teased her, sliding his finger up and down her wet slit. 

"Mmmm," She moaned gently.

He found the hard nub of her clit, and made gentle circles around it. He rubbed it slowly as her breathing became ragged. He paused, moving his fingers down along her wetness. Jacob's finger were wet, it felt like they were dripping. His cock strained against his boxers. 

He kissed her as he slid a finger inside of her. She bit his lip and moaned. Her pussy was tight against his finger and he could feel her juices dripping down his hand. She let out ragged deep breaths as he slid his finger out and in again. The palm of his hand rested against her clit as his fingers fucked her. She ground her pussy against his hand frantically, faster and faster.

"Oh my god, oh my god, ohhh m..." She whispered and moaned into his ear. He could feel her pussy rhythmically tightening against his fingers. 

"Nahhh, aahhhh," her words became inaudible as she came. She buried her face in his shoulder, biting him softly as she moaned, her fingers digging into his arm. 

Jacob gradually slowed his hand, letting it rest inside of her. She left her head resting on his shoulder, her breathing deep. Jacob kissed her on the cheek. She raised her head and smiled at him, kissing him softly. 

She placed her hands on his chest and pulled his shirt over his head. She looked at his body, admiring his lean muscles, her small hands exploring him. She kissed him on the neck and worked her way across his collar bone. 

The feel of her lips on his skin sent a chill across his body. She kissed her way down his chest, pausing to flick her tongue over his nipples. Her mouth moved down his stomach, as he felt her hand move to his waistband. 

In one smooth motion she pulled down his shorts and boxers. His cock sprang to attention in front of her face. She smiled, looking at him, and wrapped her hand around the base of his erection. She licked her lips, looking both nervous and seductive. He watched as her mouth moved towards the head of his cock. 

"Unnhh," Jacob stifled a moan as she enveloped him in her mouth. It was wet and warm. Her tongue swirled slowly around the underside of his cock. Her hand gently stroked him. She looked beautiful with her lips wrapped around him, her mouth bobbing up and down slowly on the head of his hard member. She opened her eyes and looked at him. Her eyes were dark with eye liner and her hair pinned up and behind her head. 

"Mmmmm," she let out a low moan as she took him deeper into her throat. The vibrations moved through his stiff cock. Her hand gingerly massaged his balls as his shaft disappeared into her mouth. She moved up and down slowly, steadily increasing her pace. Her hand began to work vigorously at the base of his shaft. 

Jacob felt warm saliva dripping down the sides of his cock as the rhythmic sucking sounds increased. Instinctively he raised his hips in unison with her movements, pushing himself deeper into her mouth. He felt his balls begin to churn, tingling as her lips slid up and down his cock.

He whispered to her in between ragged breaths, "I'm.... close."

She looked into his eyes and he felt her other hand cup his balls tightly. It was too much. 

His muscles contracted and he pushed his cock deep into her throat. She moaned as spasms of cum shot into her mouth, his body shaking violently as he came. She continued her furious pace as she milked every last drop from him. He moaned and wrapped his fingers tightly in her hair, holding his cock in her mouth. 

She gradually slowed and he relaxed. She lifted her head and his cock fell lazily out of her mouth, a string of cum still attached to her lips. Her throat swallowed and she wiped her mouth. She smiled and bit her lip, lifting his shorts back to his waist. 

She stood up and kissed him on the cheek. He looked at her. 

"Bed time," she smiled "I'll see you tomorrow."

He turned and watched her as she walked up the stairs.