 What a beautiful day! The sky is blue, the breeze is exhilarating! No wonder Sasha recommended her place for a breather from the city! While I thrive on my businesses, a well deserved vacation was becoming very necessary. 

I have been a little wound up lately, restless, like something is missing. Sasha detected my restlessness and named it for me, "Loneliness." I do not lack dates or even some awesome sex occasionally. I just haven't met the man to take my breath away yet. 

Smiling to myself, remembering that Sasha has plans of changing that, this weekend. She is so cute, always looking out for me. Before I left for my walk on her grounds this morning, she said to me, "Natalia, tonight is the night! He is perfect for you! His name is Nico. Not only is he sexy, handsome and intelligent, he is definitely your match!" So, I'll meet this man for Sasha and of course, my own curiosity. But for now, I want to enjoy her beautiful estate and take nature into my senses for this morning! 

As I walk along, my eyes feast on this beautiful scenery! The colors of a gorgeous summer day. Trees and flowers dancing in the breeze. I feel the warmth of the sun on my face and light air flows through my long dark hair. I feel so alive! With the light wind taking my summer dress and letting the skirt flow with it, I feel an energy come over me. Life is good! 

Carrying my shoes, twirling around like a happy child, I discover that I am not alone! The most beautiful golden retriever is dancing and jumping beside me! "Well, hello there beautiful! Where did you come from?", I asked. Her reply was a dainty little "woof" and some excited jumping around! I went down to my knees to give her a warm friendly rub. But, she had other ideas! She wanted to play! 

We wrestled and played and ended up chasing each other through the grass. What a fun, gorgeous animal! Someone loved her, she was in excellent shape, with the healthiest coat a dog could have. Wondering what her name was, I decided she looked like a "Betty" and would call her that till our fun walk ended. 

As we got further down the road, we came upon one of Sasha's many guest homes. Her generosity, would put friends in the loveliest of houses, surrounded by beauty and filled with all the necessities. 

This one that we were coming up upon, in particular, had a gorgeous fountain flowing with cool, crisp water, surrounded by beautiful flowers of great color.

I looked at my new friend Betty and ran for it! Barking happily, she ran after me. The race to the water was on! 

Betty actually jumped in the fountain and the child in me followed! We splashed and played. I was squealing, she was barking happily! We were having a grand old time! Then a voice, out of nowhere, claimed my new friend by laughingly saying, "Gracie! you are getting your new playmate soaking wet!" Betty/Gracie hopped out of the fountain and ran to her owner. 

I looked up and into the eyes of the strikingly beautiful owner of that voice. My God, he was dressed only in black jeans. My body reacted immediately! I could blame the hardening of my nipples on the air hitting my wet skin, but the explanation for the sudden gush of wetness between my legs was all him! He lent a hand as I stepped out of the water. His eyes dancing with amusement, he asked "Did I hear you call her 'Betty'?" 

I can imagine the sight of me, wet hair over my shoulders, my thin dress clinging to me, showing more of me, than hiding. But as I watch his eyes sweep over all of me, I know I am not imagining it. I see in his beautiful green eyes, lust and perhaps a little more. All I know, is that I am trembling and not from being chilly. The sight of him is breathtaking. What is coming over me? I want to fuck him! Here and now! 

"Betty, err, Gracie has been much fun in my morning walk" I could only manage to say. My mind so clouded with wanting this man. I have never felt this reaction to any man and I wanted him, bad! Mr. Sexy walked over to where my shoes were carelessly thrown to the side of the fountain in the grass and he picked them up, saying, "It would be a shame to put wet feet into these shoes, let's get you dried up!" Before I could respond, he swooped me up, actually threw me over his shoulder and started for the inside of the house! This sent me into giggles of delight and Gracie into playful barks while jumping and running around us. 

Inside, as he set me down, he let his strong hands run down the sides of my body. He leaned me against a wall in the hallway, with both of his arms on either side of me. My trembling body was screaming for him to touch me! There is a kind of knowing that took place between us, a lust at first sight, with a tender feeling as well. 

He leaned in to nibble my lips. Softly, he kissed them and slowly brought his hands into my hair. My mind is screaming for more, as he suddenly takes my mouth with his. God, he tastes so good! As he devours my mouth, I am pressing my body into his. My wet, hard nipples rubbing against his bare chest, driving him and myself into wanting so much more. I adore a man who takes what he wants and he does! I think he can read my mind! 

While our tongues dance so delightfully, he pulls down the straps of my dress, until he totally bares my tits and reveals my long hard nipples, aching for his touch. This gorgeous man leaves my mouth with a trail of soft kisses and licks straight to those aching nipples. Aaahhhh, watching him lick, suck and softly bite each nipple sends signals to my already throbbing, hot and extremely wet cunt! 

I reach down to find his hard cock. He groans against my nipple as I rub and stroke his growing prick. I try to open his pants to remove them, but that quickly, I am in the air again, this time being carried like a baby to his bed, deep kissing along the way. He sits on his bed, still holding me in that same position that he carried me in, kissing me hungrily and his hand finding it's way between my legs! Pulling my panties off and then his fingers diving into my heat! The growl coming from him as his tongue is exploring my mouth, while he finds how very wet my pussy is for him, nearly pushes me over the edge! 

We couldn't control our want after this. For that matter, we didn't want to! In haste, we undressed each other, touching, kissing and licking. I slowly pushed his gorgeous hard body back onto his bed and slid mine onto his. I took his mouth with mine as I wiggled and ground my body on his. I could feel his hard throbbing cock between our bellies and it was driving me mad! 

I had to taste him! I slid down to his cock, took it in my hand and teased my own nipples with his cockhead! Yum! Licking that delicious cockhead with my tongue was a tasty heaven! I dipped my tongue into that hot slit of his prick to feel and taste his precum. He was so very hard! I teasingly stroked his shaft and teased his balls while I sucked that gorgeous cockhead. 

I enjoyed watching him, trying to thrust into my mouth. With his hands fisted in my hair, I looked into those sexy green eyes and said, "Please fuck my mouth baby!" With that, his cocked entered my mouth fully. To feel his silky cock fucking my mouth, gliding in and out, I was in a sexual frenzy! I needed more of him. I sucked his cock eagerly with each thrust. I had a good grip on his hips as he pulsed his delicious hot cum down my throat. 

A huge turn on for me, was that after he came so much, his cock remained hard and was throbbing for more! I rolled onto my back and I spread my legs for him to enter. I wanted him to fuck me so much! But with a knowing smirk and a shake of his head, with those gleaming, mischievous eyes, he went to work, feasting on my body! 

His hot mouth teased my pussy, licking my pussy lips, driving me crazy, but carefully staying away from my throbbing clit and pussyhole. I kept grinding my hot cunt into his face, while he continued to tease. He kept looking into my eyes, His eyes smiling, knowing damn well what I needed and wanted so much! Just as I felt I would surely lose my mind, his hot tongue dove deep into my cunt. 

Oh my! He was fucking me so good with that hot tongue! He would plunge in and out of my pussy and then up to lick and suck on my clit. My explosion came fast! It was a screaming cum, that seemed to go on deliciously, forever! 

Still quaking with orgasmic aftershocks, he glided up to my mouth to kiss me deeply. I could taste myself and feel my cum all over this gorgeous man's mouth. 

My desire for him, still not completely sated, had me open my legs and grip him around his hips, inviting that long, hard cock to thrust deep into my wet and very hot cunt. 

I could feel his thickness stretch my pussy to take him in. The feeling was incredible as he filled me entirely. I urged him to pound my cunt as my hips rose hard to meet each thrust! But he wasn't going to let me cum again so quickly. Aaahhh, the joy of fucking this man! 

He whispered into my ear. "Ride me baby, I want to see all of you as you fuck me!" With that lovely invitation, we rolled over. I was looking into his gorgeous eyes, as I teased his cock with my dripping pussy. I would take his cockhead in and let him go no further. 

His smirk let me know that he was allowing this tease only for a short time. He reached up and teased my nipples, pinching and twisting them lightly. I leaned in to devour his mouth with a kiss and that quickly he grabbed my hips and thrust up into me fully! Each slam into me, I felt it up to my belly! My mind is reeling with want and lust! As he takes me on this ride, I am screaming "Oh yes! Fuck me baby! Fuck my wet cunt and cum!" 

I want to cum with him! I could feel it building in me and I was sure he was well on his way too! Suddenly, he slid his finger into my ass and pounded my pussy with his huge cock! His voice commands, "Now!". My mind clouded and all I could do is feel this explosion erupt between the two of us! What a screaming, slamming , hot cum! 

Lying there, feeling so damn happy all over, I realized that I do not even know this delicious man's name! It seemed a silly time for introductions, but as I turned to his face to ask his name, I saw him sleeping like a baby! 

Laughingly, I tiptoed to his bathroom, cleaned up and dressed. 

I found him actually snoring as I came out of his bathroom! With the widest smile on my face, I located a pen and paper in his room, left a lipstick kiss on it and just wrote simply, "Love, Natalia". 

Gracie walked with me to the door, as I tiptoed out, not to wake him. I gave her a huge hug and slipped out the door. I looked back, knowing, that this will be again. But, who is this delicious man?

(Come join Natalia again as her adventure has just begun. It's time to be formally introduced to Nico.) 