 I had Lea again last night. She called me up, out of the blue, and invited me over to her parents' house for dinner. It was her 22nd birthday the day before, and she was feeling like a loser because she had done nothing, no friends organized a party for her. Megan was supposed to come over too, but when I arrived it turned out that she was sick and had called to cancel. I wonder now if Megan had even been invited, or if it was just a little white lie to make the invitation seem less conspicuous.

As I took my coat off in the front hall, I realized that her parents weren't even home. There was almost a quiet atmosphere of conspiracy in the house. Lea greeted me smiling and said, "Welcome to the Casa del Murphy!" She bounced up on her tippy-toes as she said it.

The house was a pure 70s bungalow-warm colours, spacious rooms, carpet everywhere. "We have the whole place to ourselves," she chirped as I followed her figure through the hallway and into the kitchen. "My mum's gone to Spain for a month, and I'm meeting her there just before Christmas!" 

I wasn't sure if Lea had invited me over with any hidden motive in mind. She wasn't as dressed up as she had been on other occasions when she was clearly playing the role of seductress. No blue polka-dotted dress and matching high-heels this time, no pale pink bikini with a cowboy shirt tossed over it, no deliciously small cut-off jean shorts and a see-through shirt with no bra tonight. She just had a pair of jeans that hugged her nicely, and a black hooded sweater with a zipper up the front. But when Lea moved in anything, it was like watching ballet. 

"Time for wine!" she announced in her giddy way. We flirted around the kitchen, making salad and bumping up against one another. As she reached for the colander, which they kept high on top of one of the cupboards, I looked over and could see the smooth skin of her lower back as her sweater lifted up. I turned around fully and watched the way her white stomach contoured down to the belt loop of her jeans. 

Lea turned and noticed me watching her as she reached. 

"Do you need help with that? Some people consider me quite tall," I said.

Lea laughed, noticing, I suppose, how I'd covered my embarrassment with this bit of effrontery. She shot me a mischievous look and replied, "No, I'm quite fine, thank you. As you can see." Then she hopped right up on the counter and got it.

Over dinner, I gazed at her across the table. She'd swirl a glass of wine and dangle it from her hands in a way that made you swear that she'd spill the whole thing on herself. But she never did. It was a real feat of girlish elegance. As I took her in, I realized that Lea might not be wearing anything underneath that cute hooded sweatshirt. And the image flashed in my mind that she might unzip the length of it, and the tiny metal teeth coming apart would reveal the whiteness of her little round breasts, like peaches floating in cream. 

"I'm going to finish this glass of wine, okay?" she said.

"Sure," I said uncertainly. Lea made sure I was looking in her eyes, and then added, "And then we'll kiss." We stared at one another for a moment, then she downed the wine, her throat rippling as she reared her head back. She stared at me again. I stared back. Who was going to stand up and be the aggressor? Who'd be the seducer and the innocent one? 

Lea knew that she intimidated me enough to beat me at a game of chicken any day. But I did my best no to relent. Finally, after around 15 seconds, she sprang up and said, "Well, I'm going to do the dishes, I guess!"

She went to the sink, ho-humming to herself and dancing on the way. She ran the water and plunged her hands in. Watching her long chestnut hair wave, and her little jean-clad bum move, I got up from my seat. I came up behind her, pressed up close and kissed the side of her mouth. Hungrily, she wheeled around and we moved our opens mouths together. She pulled me to her and I ran my hands up the back of her shirt.

"What a cheap move to make me wait," Lea giggled and then rubbed the palm of her hand down the crotch of my jeans. "I have to do dishes like some housewife before you clue in that I want it?" 

I cupped her ass in my hands and lifted her up onto the edge of the sink. Lea hugged me around the waist with her legs and squeezed tightly. "Is that a kung-fu sex move?" I asked, breaking away from her lips. "Yes, it is ancient uh Chinese-uh secret," she said in a hilarious Asian accent. "I make uh-you do whatevah I want!"

She undid my belt buckle and wedged her hand down into my boxers. With her little hand, Lea began stroking my cock inside my pants while we slurped our wet kisses. She buried her head into my shoulder and began pumping her little fist wrapped around my cock so hard that it almost hurt. Then she gazed up at me. 

"I want you to eat my pussy so much," she said with a little sadness in her voice. "I've been thinking about it non-stop for the past few days. I want you to. Will you? Please?"

I held her to me and walked over to the living room, Lea keeping her warm thighs tight around me, and her arms clasped about my neck. I threw her down on an easy chair.

She giggled and I undid the top button on her jeans. "I got myself all nice and ready for you," she smiled. "It hurt a little; I did it today after my shower, but I'm a big girl." The jeans had a button fly. She popped all four of them open and slouched into the chair. 

I hooked a finger into her underwear and pulled the fabric back. There wasn't a trace of hair. Lea was waxed smooth and white, like a Greek statue. Slowly I pulled the length of her jeans off. She wore a dark black thong that had a black bow at the top of it. I got on my knees and slowly pulled that off, too. She sighed when the cool air hit the tender skin of her pussy. I put the soles of her feet on the cushion, she spread her thighs and I dove my lips and tongue into the pinkness of her cunt.

Lea moaned softly and loudly and stroked my face and hair with her fingers. Every thing about her pussy was soft, yielding and soaked. Like a mango. As I kissed into her, I could feel Lea trying to push herself forward, to get my lips deeper inside her. Her little peach bum would scoot towards me on the easy chair and she would moan deep when I'd shove my mouth against her. Every now and then when the pleasure became too much, she'd roughly run her hands along the tops of her thighs, squeezing hard and grunting. Then I'd relent, bite her inner thighs, and suck on the gentle curve where her ass met her slim legs.

The thing I loved about Lea was the way she lost herself in her pleasure. She never seemed to worry about whether or not she was doing what I wanted, or if she was a good fuck. She wanted to be ravished; she wanted you to want her so wildly that you'd chase her down and hold her beneath you. And when she didn't want that, she wanted to use your cock to display her technique for giving head. Or her wild fuck moves. And being so selfish in her appetite made her the most irresistible lover. When she'd say in her desperate, breathy voice, "Just do this to me, okay?" you knew that's what she wanted. 

"Oh fuck-lick my pussy, lick my bare pussy," she'd groan with an ache in her voice. "Do you like how it looks, how soft and smooth it is? Tell me. Tell me you like it."

I bit her thigh and clutched her knees. "I love how cute and innocent your cunt is, Lea. And I love how sweet it tastes."

"Oh, tell me that again! Say that word again!" she'd cry.

"I want your little cunt," I'd say. "I love your wet cunt."

"Oh, yes! That's why I called you. I wanted to give you my cunt. My wet cunt," she would accentuate the harshness of the word. "Spread it open-spread open my shaved cunt." With that, I straightened up and roughly spread her bare knees as far apart as they could go, until her legs hung over the armrests. She gave a sharp moan in surprise, and I looked down at the pink insides of her pussy, brighter than the flesh of a watermelon. I pressed into her with my tongue. 

Lea's shoulders were pretty much on the seat of the chair now, with her head pushed against the back of it. She told me to eat her any way I wanted. Her face was flushed, with a little bit of sweat dampening the curls of her bangs.

I stiffened my tongue and traced the layers and folds of her fresh pussy; she would twitch and writhe each time I'd bear down into a new part of her. Finally, I pulled her by her hips and brought her pussy and ass up to me. 

When I think of it now, I imagine how ridiculous we looked: Lea's slim legs spread-eagled into the air, supporting herself by her elbows on the cushion; and me holding her up by her hips, cupping her ass with my hands while I ate her like a platter of fruit.

Lea's hips buckled and she brought her bare feet to the floor. "Uh. I want it like this now," she said as she stood up. Grabbing my head, she lowered me down and jutted her pubic bone out, the soft mound of her lips right at my eyes. I lapped between her legs as if she were a stream of water pouring out of a spring. She poised her pussy above my face; ever so delicately bending her knees so that her spreading lips kissed me like a slightly parted mouth. Then she put all the weight of her light frame on my jaw and groaned as I ate her out. 

"Oh, do you know what I like about you?" Lea whispered, tresses of hair falling beside her face as she gazed down. "You do exactly what I tell you. It's very tempting knowing that I can just call you up, and you'll come over just"-(a sharp intake of breath here)-"to get me off." She giggled, and then shuddered as I nibbled the strong, taut tendon that arced between her thigh and her crotch. "I tell you that I need someone to eat my aching pussy-(a loud "Uh!" as I jammed my face into her flesh)-and you don't even try to fuck it"-(a sharp sigh as I ran my rigid tongue over her clit)-"I don't know how you resist. If you phoned me and asked me to come over just to suck your cock, I'd be there for sure. But after some of that, I'd make you fuck me from behind!"

She took a step backward. In a surprisingly demure gesture, she brought her slim legs together and covered the little slit peeking between her thighs with her arm, which was pulled up into the sleeve of her hoodie. I could see goose pimples on her naked legs.

As I got to my feet, Lea took a few steps back. Then she turned and began walking towards to kitchen, her bare feet pattering along the floor. What was she doing? She looked over her shoulder and flashed me her playful, girlish grin—and began to scurry down the hallway. "Bet you can't catch me!" she chimed. Lea was running away. 

I went down the hall, but couldn't see where she was. In the corner of my eye, I saw a door slam, and heard the metal sound of a doorknob being locked. I grabbed it, only to hear Lea's little laugh coming from behind the door. "I think I'll lie down on this huge bed!" she yelled tauntingly. 

I had no idea about the layout of the house, but I knew how Lea's mischievous mind worked. There was probably another way of entering. She would never cave and unlock the door; she wanted me to break in. Knowing her, she likely wanted me to go outside and come in through the patio door. But I went around the corner and opened what I thought would be a closet. It was a washroom. A washroom that parents design for themselves when buying their dreamhome. Jacuzzi, seat in the shower, low lighting. Then I heard Lea emit a mock bored sigh and knew I was playing the game right. 

I opened the door at the other end of the washroom and Lea feigned surprise. "You're supposed to knock to see if I'm decent," she said, pretending to be offended. She was seated at what can only be described as a vanity table, on a cushioned pouffe. She had changed into a salmon-coloured crocheted dress that ended mid-thigh. She was brushing her long hair with a silver brush, but her legs were spread wide apart with her feet on the carpet.

"Do you think you can just burst into a woman's boudoir? I'm preparing myself for this evening," she said. This was my cue to play the impassioned male. I briskly walked over, turned her face toward me with my left hand and undid the zipper on my jeans with my right. She looked up at me. 

"Oh, this is new," she said, with excitement in her voice. I unbuttoned my fly, and smoothed her hair away from her mouth. It was softer than silk against my forearm. I pulled my cock out of my zipper and gently lowered her chin. 

"Can you give me just a m-,"—the word became an ululating 'm' sound as I rammed it into her mouth. Lea let me hold her head there, bringing it back and forth over my cock. I curled her smooth hair into a chignon above the nape of her neck and held her by it, pushing and pulling her open mouth. Her muted moans made my cock hum and vibrate over the reed of her tongue.

I pulled out of her mouth to let Lea catch her breath; the head of my cock against her cheek made a sound like a lollipop being plucked from her pursed lips. She gasped and exhaled.

"The things a woman has to do to make you make her feel wanted," she smiled. "Send you on a wild goose chase." I tightened my grip over her knotted curls of hair and Lea closed her eyelids and groaned. "Sometimes it's fun to do things you don't want to do though. When someone else forces you to."

I directed my cock into her warm mouth. She bobbed back and forth on it and then slurped as she pulled back. She smiled her bright, blue-eyed smile. 

"Do you maybe wanna see something I've been practising?" That mischievous smile got wider. "Waxing my pussy isn't the only special thing I did today. Here, don't answer yet till you see what it is." 

With a very deft little move of her hands, she tied the chignon of her auburn hair up. I could see the downy golden tresses along her neck in the lamplight now. "Wait, first I have to get properly positioned." She pivoted her ass around on the pouffe to face me head-on. Her posture was like a ballet dancer's: her arched back perfectly curved inward and her legs spread wide on either side of mine as I stood.

"Do you know what it is yet? Oh, I hope I can do it. First, we need these-" she reached into my pants and carefully took my balls through the fly-"out."

"Okay," she announced, as if she was about to jump off a diving board. Then she pointed my cock slightly upwards, stretched her jaw open as far as it would go, and lowered her face over me. 

I could feel Lea's tongue against the head of my cock, then as she slowly took me in, along the length of my shaft, like a ship running aground on land. She didn't encircle her lips around it, but just left her mouth open as she steadily brought her head forward. I could hear the sounds of her breath coming from her throat and of her wet mouth taking me in.

Lea's blue eyes looked up at me. She moaned a muffled "ugh" to show that she liked it, and held me locked in her stare as she kept me half-way in her mouth. Then she tilted her head back and craned her neck slightly, closed her eyes and put her hand on my ass to pull me further in. 

I watched as she plunged my cock into her open mouth. She was amazing. Lea must have had a full six inches past her lips now. Her cute little nostrils flared as she took deep, steady breaths through her nose. I could feel her tongue tickling the base of my cock and then the head as it finally reached the back of her throat. Wanting all of it in her completely, I gently pushed her by the swirl of hair piled on top of her head. 

Suddenly, I felt the flesh of her mouth shudder. She gagged and reared her head, withdrawing entirely. "Oh," she said in surprise as she choked and caught her breath. In the lamplight, a strand of saliva sparkled between her chin and the tip of my cock. 

"I did it, though, didn't I? She beamed at me, all teary-eyed now. "I guess a big hard cock like yours is a bit different from practising with a ripe banana." She laughed and swept her hair out of her face. 

"Let me try it again, okay?" She wrapped her fist around my wet cock and held it, then lowered her voice to a whisper. "Only this time, when I nod my head, push yourself into me and put your hands in my hair." Her eyes brightened as she said it.

I was quivering as she gripped me. She took the first half of my cock in quickly this time and then her breaths became careful and deliberate. She stretched her jaw wider and moved her face closer; I felt my head on the roof of her mouth and then the sound of the flesh of her throat being plunged. She closed her mouth and hummed deeply, her warm tongue enclosing on me. Then she looked up into my eyes and nodded her little head with my cock filling her mouth. I wrapped my fingers through her satiny pile of hair, Lea stretched her mouth open as if she was yawning, and I gently dipped further into her.

There was a slight croak in her throat, but she held herself there. All 8 inches of my hard-on were in her; the texture of her uvula and her tonsils tickled my head. Having her warm mouth covering everything from my balls to my tip made me shudder when I thought of pouring my cum down her throat.

Lea took my cock out of her mouth with a slurp. "Ohhh, you're so deep in me when you do that..." she said. She held me in her fist firmly and smiled. "It's kind of like when you get all of your cock into me, into my pussy, and my body feels totally filled by how hot and hard you are." I quivered in her hand as she said this and she began stroking me. I could see her mind working to come up with some new, inspired bit of dirty talk. "Don't get me wrong," she said sweetly, "I love it when you're going in and out of me, thrusting... So many times when you're on top of me, sliding into my pussy, I think, 'Oh my god, I can't take any more of this guy's huge cock...'" She beamed up at me, and then looked down and began again, almost shyly: "And then you do that thing where you lift my ass up and really shove it into me, and it's like this whole cock, right up to the balls, is inside my cunt. It's like that extra inch you shove in... it feels so good when you just plough me like that."

She let go of me and loosened her hair until it fell down about her shoulders. My cock pointed straight at her as I stood. Lea smoothed her hair and then leaned back in the pouffe, her hands behind her ass and her breasts sloping beneath her dress. Between the diamond shapes of the crocheting, I could see now that she wore a chocolate-brown bra beneath. She crossed her legs and looked directly into my eyes.

"Tell me what you want now," she said flatly. 

"I think I need to see that again," I answered. She smiled and leaned forward to me. Opening her mouth, she stretched her tongue well beyond her lips, and as she gathered her long hair away from her face again, Lea brought my cock far inside her. She went quicker this time. I craned my head to look at her in profile as she put me deep in her throat. Her jaw was widely open, so much that her lips weren't wrapped around the top of me, and she softly shut her eyes. I could hear the wet plunge of my head in her throat and had to look away to keep myself from shooting my load of cum into her. As I tried to keep my mind away from the pleasure, I felt a tingling through my balls. I looked down again; Lea was licking them with just the faintest tip of her tongue, both hands nesting in her hair the whole time.

She pulled away now. "What self-restraint!" she said, proud of herself. "I was sure I was going to get it that time, right down the throat. A lady expects at least that much when she sucks cock that way." Lea put on her haughty, offended tone of voice. "You're even a gentleman when getting deep-throated!" 

I loved Lea's games. She had a way of pretending we were other people that was obviously meant to be fun and silly. And you could play along if you wanted or just enjoy her performance. When she would come, her beginning moans and dirty-talk were a kind of performance too, meant to prod you along and come inside her at the same time. It was like a tug-of-war. But each time I managed to hold on and last longer than she did, I noticed a moment in her coming where her sounds and the tension in her body changed from playfulness to unrestrained desire.
