 First I should tell you a little about myself. I am a private design contractor. When a design company has a client make a request for a project to go from start to finish in just a short time, I am one of those people they call. HELP! I have design golf course, subdivisions, shopping centers and many roads in my two- state area. 

One of the companies I have worked for on and off for the last 4 or 5 years has need of my services again. This is where LeAnn comes in. I have watched her over the last years go from a graphic designer to the VP of public relations and client services. She is what most would call a cute blond, but she is not an airhead. She’s about 5’7” slender figure with modest and firm assets. She is always wearing slacks and jackets or maybe a pair of jeans on Friday. I am not complaining because that woman knows she looks good in a pair of jeans. I have watched her work her proverbial ass off to get where she is. But the success of her professional life is shadow by her failures in her personal life. I have heard her many times talk about why she ever fell for this asshole or that one. “How could I let him break my heart again?”

From time to time I had gotten to spend a moment talking with her. She is always friendly. I could always tell when she wants to be flirty and when she was busy and did not have time for anyone or anything. I always make a point of asking her how things were and what was going on. She from time to time wanted a nice hug. When she was really playful I’d get a nice squeeze (grope) out of her.

Fast forward one week.

LeAnn has been definitely struggling. She on numerous occasions this week has commented on how empty her life is. How she doesn’t do anything but work and sleep, and sleep alone! The vision of her lying in bed in her favorite dark green satin nightie is enough to cause a man to go insane. Did I mention that we share the same favorite color, dark forest green?

For the first time today I notice how secluded her office is from the rest in the building. I reckon the need to produce video presentations and such, the company moved her into a corner away from every one else so she could turn off the lights in her office area if needed. I also notice that the front of her work desk goes all the way to the floor. An idea is starting to come to the surface. 

Many of the women I have been with have passed out or finally screamed for me to stop when I give her a good tongue lashing. I always pride myself on making sure a woman is satisfied orally before we begin an type of coupling. I formulate a plan.

I have waited two days on her work load to be a little slow. I grab my cell phone and tell the guys I am going out for a minute and head to LeAnn’s office. I tell her I saw a fax for her in the basket at the front desk. She jumps up. She’s wearing one of those outfits that cling in all the right areas. I wait for her to get just out of sight and make my way under her desk. 

As she enters the room, I speed dial her phone.

LeAnn grabs the phone and sits down. “Corporate services can I help you?”

“Hey its me” 

LeAnn: “Where did you run off to?”

“I am still around, I need you to do something for me”

LeAnn: “Sure, what’s up”

Pull yourself under your desk and sit really still.

LeAnn: “OooooK”

Now, don’t be alarmed and don’t scream, but I am going to touch you.

With that I lay both hands on her thighs. She flinches. I hold my hands firmly on her thighs as I ease her up to the desk. I whisper, “I have wanted to do this for you for a while but lately I sense you really need this. Now you can act like your talking on the phone or working on the computer.”

I move my cell mic from my mouth and turn my phone off. I use my teeth and slowly start to nibble on her knees. I hear her elbows come down on the desk. I slowly and firmly spread her legs and continue my nibbling up and down her thighs. I can hear her breathing getting quicker. I put my mouth directly over the crotch and breathe warm air, she shudders. I back from between her legs and unzip her slacks and nudge her to help me slide her slacks and panties down. She quickly assists. I place a small hand cloth that I brought under her. I don’t want her to mess up this nice leather chair. Those legs that I have dreamed about seeing! With the great low light system in her office, every curve and ripple in her legs are visible. 

I later find out that when she first started out that she did not want her physical looks to get her a position. She wanted any position she got to be deserved on her work. I was starting to imagine some positions I wanted to get her in.

I started my nibbling again. I worked around her knees and then slowly worked my way up her thighs. I was just about halfway and there came a knock at the door. “LeAnn, you OK” It was Teresa from down the hall. I heard LeAnn tell her that she was talking with an old friend and it was rather personal, “Could I come see you in a bit?” Teresa must have nodded because I heard her close the door and walk away.

I began my nibbling again. As I got about half way up her thighs I took my tongue and did some small twirls and I felt and heard her first orgasm hit. I moved upward. I saw that she had neatly trimmed her bush in a small patch at the top and everywhere else was shaved. I stabbed my tongue into her little bush and twirled the hair, she shuddered again. I slowly worked my way down towards Nirvana and I could hear her panting my name over and over again. I began to Zorro my tongue up and down her lips. I heard her gasp, “STOP.” I pulled back. She muttered under her breathe, “No please, DON”T STOP.” I started again to Zorro up and down her lips. By now, she is trembling all over. I know I need to wrap this up. I take my tongue and go from bottom to top and stop and stab her clit with my tongue. I try to imagine a speed punching bag. I keep my tongue going as fast as I can back and forth, up and down. All of a sudden LeAnn goes stiff and locks her legs together. Her nectar dribbles out. I hear the “Groan of Satisfaction,” and she slumps into her chair. 

I spend a moment and lick up any excess that I had not already gotten to. She trembles from time to time. I take the cloth and wipe her and myself up. I see one last drop of honey glistening on her lips, I use the tip of my tongue to seize it. I hear her sigh.

I pull her panties up first. You guessed it, dark green with a lace pattern. I then slide her slacks back in place. I whisper to LeAnn “to get a tissue and hold to her face.” She just mumbles in agreement. “Go to the restroom and straighten up. Let’s stay with your excuse you gave Teresa.” I watch her get up and leave. I wait a few minutes and ease out myself. 

Everything is just as it was before. LeAnn and I visit whenever I am in the office. Nothing seemed to change. I should have paid more attention to the new desk I was sitting at this morning. The phone rang; I heard LeAnn’s voice and felt her hands on my thighs.