 You strode across the room and stop in front of a large padded chair. I watch your naked ass from across the room rolling to my side to get a better view of you. You place your hands on the back of the chair, bending at the waist, and look back toward me slowly swaying your perfectly formed cheeks from side to side. You hold your powerful legs stick straight and slightly spread them perceptively opening your cheeks, and revealing the swollen lips of your wet pussy. You have the nastiest smile on your face as you delicately lick your lips and crook a finger beckoning me to come to you.

I stand and walk over to your bent frame. My cock is already hard from your strokes earlier, and your deliciously erotic pose. As i reach the chair, you bend completely over the back of it. Your head in the seat of the chair, your hard nipples grinding against the back. Your pussy glistening up at me. Your lips open and moisture visibly pooling in the opening. Stray drops beginning to escape onto the tight backs of your legs.

Your hands reach back and pull your cheeks and lips open fully and you ask me to fuck you deeply. Your legs are spread to the perfect distance that I simply step up behind your spread lips and slide in to the balls in one smooth stroke. You immediately start to gasp as I fill you up. I have to stop and hold on to your hips to delay an immediate flood of cum. The raw sex of the moment and feel of your pussy on me leaves he gasping and flexing to maintain control. I can feel your muscles ripple along me and your juices begin to flow down my balls start to slowly slide myself out of you up to the head when it pulls against the tight opening. Then slide back in to the hilt. Slowly pumping you for several minutes.

It isn't nearly as long as I want until I'm fighting to hold off. and I slide out of you, kneeling behind you. I start by kissing your back, just above your waist and sliding my thumb over your slick clit and pinching it lightly. I trailed kisses to the base of your spine and began to lick in gentle circles. Slowly advancing across the left globe, toward her legs. You push your clit back against my hand as I spin my thumb around it.

There was a delectable amount of juice flowing down your legs and soaking your pussy, and my cock, now. As I started to explore the tight backs of your thighs. Lapping up the moisture streaking your skin. I circle down to your left knee, switching sides and starting up to your slit. The scent of you is mind bending erotic, the taste absolutely intoxicating. You are breathing audibly now as i slide 2 fingers into you. Asking for me to lick you now. Panting it actually. I speed my pace to your dripping pussy. Sliding my tongue directly across from your thigh to the top of your sex. Swirling my tongue over your clit and then flattening it out as i drag it from the top to the bottom. And back.

Your wetness is so delicately sweet I cant help burying my tongue and drinking deeply. Then I slide down over your thick lips and gather them all into my mouth. Openly moaning and purring now. Telling me what you feel and what you need. In this position you are so open to my tongue I can literally feel every cell of you and I spend time with each one.

Soon you tell me you are close and want my cock in you, I am more than happy to provide it. I stand immediately and drive it back into you quivering lips. Immediately flexing on it and beginning to grunt loudly and deeply. Pushing your hips back into me as I have no semblance of control already. I pump hard and deep as I can as we both race toward climax. My hands tightly gripping your hips, nails digging into my ass as I begin to shoot into you. I can feel you exploding on me. Juices pouring from both of us as I jerkily pump into you.

It lasts only about 20 seconds, but feels like 20 minutes as time stops with the intensity of our connection.

Completely out of breath, legs on fire, I slow my pumping to a tender sliding in and out. You collapse into the chair as I slip out of you. I lean over your back and loop my arms under your shoulders lifting you upright and against my sweating chest.

I slowly fall, carrying both of us gently onto the bed behind me. You snuggle back into me and we try to catch our breath. Your hands grip mine tightly as I kiss the back of your neck and whisper to you how I love you, and how amazing you are to me. No pillows, no blankets we both gently drift off to sleep. Contented, satisfied and deeply in love.