 Leah delighted in seeing Dane carefully use his right hand doing his day to day activities and begrudgingly agreed to speak with both Lori and Dane during their first break the morning after Dane's indiscretion with Leah. Lori had convinced Dane into apologizing to Leah and promising that it would never happen again -- and that the three of them would never speak of the events of the night outside their group. 

Leah had been concerned that Dane would tell Daniel about what had happened, or at the very least act weird in his presence, it wasn't like they wouldn't see each other on a regular basis - they were roommates after all. But after their little meeting Leah's concerns were alleviated. Dane had even more too loose if word ever got around the hospital. Leah was interested in seeing how he would extricate himself from the 'relationship' with Lori -- Leah knew that Lori wouldn't take to a break up well.

The double shift went slow. Leah was dead tired from lack of sleep from the last two nights; the first night was a long night of heated guilt sex with Daniel and then last night with fun and games watching Lori and Dane, until the fun was not so much. Leah had spoke with Daniel twice during the sixteen hour shift, once to leave a message that she was okay and at work, and again later when he called at dinner, Leah explained about the double shift and staying in the hospital hotel but left out all of the details about the erotic scene in the hotel and then made tentative plans to get together over the weekend for lunch with him and her mother. Eleven o'clock finally came and Leah made her way to her car in time to see Dane pull out of the garage with Lori in the passenger seat, the drive home seemed to take longer than usual with more than one red light slowing down the travel time. 

Leah made it home, stripped in the bathroom, showered and crashed in the bed. Her Cellphone ring tone woke her from a sound sleep and she squinted against the bright sunlight streaming in her bedroom window. It was Daniel making sure that she wasn't going to be late picking up her Mother at the airport. Leah was grateful for his call and thanked him promising him a good treat for his thoughtfulness and rushed to shower, dress, and make the hurried drive to the airport. 

Leah's mother's plane was late, so Leah wasn't late as far as Connie knew. They hugged and caught up on each others lives while waiting for the carousel to bring Connie's two bags around to them. They stopped at Ruby Tuesday's for a quick lunch and drinks and then stopped at the mall at Connie's request. Connie pulled Leah by the hand into Victoria's Secret and straight for the thongs, picking out three thongs for Leah Connie paid and they made their way back to the car followed by the short drive to Leah's apartment.

Once inside with the heavy bags Connie stripped and showered and then made Leah do the same and told her to shave. When Leah emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel there were two strange men dressed in white scrubs standing in her living room talking to her mother who was still wearing her bath towel. The men were extremely good looking about 6' and 6' 2'' lean and tanned. Leah hid behind the doorframe and waited for her mother to explain what was going on. When Connie finally came back to the bedroom she explained that this evening was a combination of celebrations; each of their birthdays and Leah's upcoming graduation from nursing school. That Jeff and Gideon were here to give them both massages. The women hugged and Leah thanked her for the surprise and Leah peeked into the living room to see that they were setting up massage tables next to one another facing the patio door. Leah had ducked back in and the women were exchanging quips about which was the better looking and who got who when one of them called out 'Ladies! We're ready when you are.'

Connie grabbed Leah by the shoulders and reminder her of their tradition when together 'We're sisters, not mother and daughter, and call me Connie.' Both women strode into the room trying to look as confident and sexy as possible. Leah couldn't decide which man was better looking, they each had good qualities Gideon was the taller of the two and had a darker complexion maybe Cuban or Pilipino? Jeff was the all American blonde hair, blue eyes, golden tan. Leah decided on Jeff and sauntered up to shake his hand after each gave their greetings to their respective client they handed each women a glass of champagne and offered them the platter set up between the two tables with chocolate covered strawberries. They showed the ladies the different oils and lotions and let each choose the fragrance they liked.

Jeff offered his hand to Leah to help her take her place on the massage table and then waited until she had loosened the towel enough that he could fold it down to drape over her butt. Leah turned in time to see her mother completely naked lay face down on the table and Gideon cover her ass in the same manner. Leah was a little shocked that her mother -- Connie -- would get naked in front of two strangers but they were obviously professionals. Both women chose vanilla oils and the scent was heavy but relaxing in the room. 

The massage began with a quick wipe down of oil on the exposed areas and then a foot massage that had Leah in heaven. As the massage moved up her legs Leah parted them to allow more access to her thighs, and there was a little thrill knowing that Jeff was probably getting a good view of her shaved pussy as well. As Jeff massaged her upper thighs his hands came so close to her pussy that Leah could feel the warmth radiated from them on her bare mons. Jeff asked if Leah wanted her glut's massaged and she readily agreed, Jeff applied more oil to his hands and massaged her left upper thigh again and then moved up under the towel to massage her left buttock, and then she heard him move down and around to the right to repeat the procedure. Leah could feel the cool air on her ass as he massaged her and knew that if he hadn't seen her pussy before he definitely couldn't miss it now. The oil had pooled in Leah's ass crack and felt warm and then cool as it ran down over her asshole and pussy, she wondered if Jeff had noticed how wet her pussy was before the oil mixed with her natural oils.

Leah fell asleep while Jeff did her back, he was wonderful, taking his time being slow and firm it was perfect. Jeff started massaging her arms and lifted her left arm slightly to get to her forearm completely; the small motion exposed more of her breast to the cool air and brought Leah awake. Jeff repeated the procedure for her right arm and then asked her if she wanted her front massaged as well? Leah turned to ask 'Connie do we have time --' but Leah was cut short by the sight of mother laying on her back with her tits and full bush exposed for all to see 'Do we have time for me to finish the massage.'

Connie turned and smiled 'If we didn't I'd still make the time -- this is too heavenly to miss.'

So Leah, not to be outdone by her mother, turned over exposing her perfect breasts to the men and then reached down to pull the towel off of her crotch. Leah took a large swig of the champagne and then settled back in the supine position and closed her eyes. Leah had a thought 'Jeff? Could I skip the facial and ask you to do my feet again?' Leah's idea was two fold: one she dearly loved her feet to be massaged and two in her position Jeff would have an unobstructed view of her pussy the entire time he did her feet and legs.

Jeff cheerfully replied 'You wish is my command my lady.' More oil was applied to his hands and he repeated the process as before. When he finished with both legs he applied more oil and to his hands and poured some on Leah's flat abs. And then began a slow circular massage ever widening outward until he was rubbing the oil into the thin short line of her bush. Leah was horny as hell and was sure that Jeff was close enough to her bare pussy to smell her arousal. 

Leah turned to watch Gideon spread the oil over Connie's chest and breasts and then settled back to wait for the intimate contact from Jeff. But when he moved up to her chest he only applied oil between her breasts before moving to her collar bones. Leah was disappointed, she wanted the full treatment that her mother was getting & giving if these guys weren't gay. So Leah reached up to grasp Jeff's wrists and drag them downward from her clavicles to her breasts. Leah's nipples had already hardened from the cool air but Jeff's warm hands finished the job, his gentle but firm massage had turned her nipples into hard points of sensual pleasure and Leah moaned several times as he focused on her breasts. Connie brought Leah's attention back to reality 'I'm going to get in the shower so we won't be late tonight.' Leah watched her completely naked mother hop off the table and walk into the bedroom but not before turning and giving a last wave to the two men.

Gideon then came around to Leah's table and took up ministrations on Leah's left breast while Jeff continued to massage her right breast. Leah smiled at the added attention and kept her eyes open watching the two men. Both men's eyes never left Leah's body; they would occasionally drift down Leah's body to linger on her shaved pussy and then eventually return to watch their hands knead her ample breasts. Leah enjoyed the leering the men were doing, and the next time that Jeff's eyes were on Leah's pussy Leah spread her thighs by bending her knees and pressing her feet together. Gideon immediately noticed and he too turned to stare at Leah's bare pussy.

Leah begged 'Would you two be dears and finish up my legs instead of my arms?' Leah caught the grin that they gave each other before Jeff replied 'Your desire is our desire.' When both men moved down to Leah's calves her splayed legs gave them a perfect view of Leah's entire pussy, which was now slightly parted and with her clit engorged and peaking out from its hood. By the time the pair had worked their way upward to Leah's thighs, her pussy was drooling downward between her ass collecting on the massage table and Leah could definitely smell the sweet musky odor of her pussy even with the heavy vanilla scent in the air. 

Both men reluctantly finished and Leah sat straight up spreading her legs on either side of the table and looked the men up and down lingering on their scrub clad crotches Jeff was definitely sporting some wood while Gideon didn't seem to be any larger than when she first laid eyes on his crotch. Leah swung her legs over to Jeff's side of the table and took Jeff's offered hand to hop down allowing her breast to bounce and jiggle from the sudden move. 

Leah turned to face both men who openly looked downward at Leah's body and thanked them for the wonderful massage and hoped to see them again. And then turned knowing full well that their eyes were following her ass as she bent over at the waste to pick up the towel and left the room. Leah spread the towel on the bed and laid down on it to protect her comforter from the body oil still moistening her skin. Leah listened to the shower still running and the sounds of the men in the next room cleaning up their equipment and talking about Leah's body and her mother's body. That's when Leah couldn't wait any longer and reached into her nightstand and pulled out her dildo, turning it on as she moistened the head of it in her pussy juices and then sinking it all the way in her pussy. Leah rubbed her clit with her right hand and used her left hand to thrust the dildo in and out pressing it into her g-spot with each insertion. Leah occasionally looked at the open doorway hoping that one of or both men were watching her but unfortunately the doorway was empty. Leah's orgasm thankfully came quickly because as the shower was turning off Leah was just pulling the dildo from her cunt.

Connie opened the door to the bathroom and looked out at her daughter still spread eagled on the bed and asked 'So I take it you liked your second present of the day?' Leah just let out a long and satisfied moan as her response and threw her arms over her head. Connie walked to the bed admiring her daughters beautiful body and continued 'I'm sorry to interrupt your afterglow but we need to get ready so hop in the shower but leave the door open so I can use the mirror.'

Leah slowly stood and walked to the bathroom, Connie smacked the right cheek of her ass as she passed. Connie busied herself in Leah's closet laying out what she wanted her daughter to wear for the night when Gideon leaned in the door and told her 'We're all packed up. We left the champagne in the fridge with the strawberries. And thank you for choosing our company we hope we can serve you again.' 

Connie bent at the waist to pick up her purse providing Gideon a perfect view of her ass and then stood to turn and face him so that he could see her breasts and full bush 'Thank you Gideon you have magic hands.' And then walked directly to him to give him the cash tip 'For you and Jeff, my sister was very satisfied with your hands as well.' Connie leaned against the bedroom door frame as the men exited the apartment and then walked into the bathroom 'Those two fine young men just left. And now I'm high and dry, well not so dry if you know what I mean!'

Leah laughed from behind the shower curtain 'I know exactly what you mean? Jeff had a boner when I got up from the table and then they both talked about how hot we were and it made me so hot that I had to give myself a happy. But it's just not the same as the real thing.'

The woman laughed and talked about the men and other men while they both got ready. When Leah walked into the bedroom she saw the outfits laid out on the bed and asked her mother 'Okay, what have you got planned for tonight?' 

'Just put it on and don't ruin the surprise.' Connie said firmly from the bathroom and then the sound of the hairdryer drowned out any protest Leah might have come up with. Leah bent and picked up the thong a simple classic design in black and pulled it up her legs and settled it comfortably in the cleavage of her ass. Turning to look in the mirror at her thong clad body Leah appreciated the view and checked the fit of the crotch of the thong -- just barely covering her pussy. Next Leah slipped on the black leather halter top -- the top she bought her freshmen year of college and had only wore once before on a night that her and her mother went bar hopping. The halter was backless and provided a generous view of her natural cleavage and the side of her breasts as well. And Leah knew from experience that if she bent forward it would sag giving anyone in range a full view of her breasts. And the last piece was the matching black leather mini skirt; so short that Leah wouldn't sit in public when she wore it the last time. Leah stepped into the high heels and completed the look and admired her sexy form in the mirror again.

Connie emerged from the bathroom Leah stopped and admired her mothers body -- Leah only hoped that she would look that good at her mother's age after having three kids! Connie's body was free from tan lines, from appointments at the tanning/beauty salon, and her figure was naturally lithe the only exercise she ever did was occasional walks and some extracurricular swimming -- noting like Leah's body that Leah worked hard to maintain. Of course the years and child bearing had left her stomach a little soft and her breasts hung heavy but were still full and very sexy with large nipples and elongated dark areolas. Connie's two best features were her hair and legs -- naturally gorgeous legs with well defined calves that screamed in a pair of heals and thighs that were taught and toned but supple, and just like her legs her hair was dark, long, and beautiful. The only thing on Connie's body that Leah would change was her bush -- Connie refused to shave for some reason that she wouldn't share with Leah -- it was trimmed to match panties and swimwear but still long, thick, curly, and unruly. Leah had attempted to convince her mother on more than one occasion to have it waxed into a racing strip or landing strip, something thin that would add to her nimble form.

Connie clearly enjoyed the sexiness of the clothing as she dressed starting with nude thigh high nylons and a solid but pretty push up bra that gave her ample cleavage. Watching her dress was like a movie as Connie stretched and smoothed the nylons admiring her own legs and the sensual feel of her nylon encased skin. Forgoing underwear Connie slipped a small black dress over her head and asked Leah to zip up the back, once closed, she smoothed it into place. The dress fit just right -- not to tight but enough to highlight all of her curves. Connie was undeniably gorgeous -- a fact that was hard for Leah growing up with small weight & self esteem issues. Connie's natural sexiness came so easy for her that any woman would be jealous -- but it was especially hard for Leah who grew up learning baking from her mother, watching her mother eat the delicious fatting baked treats and never gaining an ounce. Leah wasn't blessed with her mother's metabolism -- high caloric and fatty foods took their natural toll on Leah -- even when 25 pounds heavier Leah was still beautiful; just more ample curves to her breasts and hips. Leah had been blessed too with girl next door beauty and long, thick, & luxurious blonde hair and hazel eyes imbued with brown and gold flecks -- she just didn't see it as such -- because she had to sacrifice and work hard to keep her trim toned figure.

Connie pored two glasses of champagne from the left over bottle for her and Leah and they sat and continued their conversation on the men in their lives. Several minutes passed and Leah asked 'Aren't we going to be late?'

Connie mysteriously replied 'No we're on time -- our transportation is just late.' Leah tried to dig the truth out of her mother unsuccessfully for awhile and then gave up and the two beautiful women returned to dishing about men, penis's, and sex. Until Connie's cell phone rang -- it was a very short call -- and Connie hopped up grabbing her coat and purse 'Okay, our ride awaits!' Connie opened the door waiting for Leah in the hallway, until they could both descend the stairs together. 

A large van with the company logo on the side for luxury limousines was parked in front. The side door opened and several women were inside hooting and hollering as drunken women will do. Connie and Leah settled in the van and two drinks were passed to them; margaritas - minus the salted rims and limes. The van pulled away as soon as the door was closed and it was short noisy ride to the north side of town. The van stopped at a building Leah was unfamiliar with but a small sign read 'Sybaris -- a private getaway'. Leah had heard of the classy upscale condo's that were rented by the morning, afternoon, evening or day. It was supposed to be an erotic getaway location for quick afternoon trysts or long sexy weekends for those that could afford it. 

The van's driver used a pass card to open a gate and drove back into the complex pulling up in front of a double condo. The driver opened the side door and everyone piled out huddling together until the last woman stumbled from the van. The driver then escorted the women to the #4 condo and again used a pass card to open the door. When the door opened it was reminiscent of the van doors opening just minutes earlier except louder -- a strong base filled song thumped away and more cheers and squeals of women were heard. Connie and Leah stepped through the door and Leah smiled at the driver as he eyed Leah's sexy attire -- not much of a compliment since he just eyed the two previous women and will probably leer at the next two as well -- but she still smiled. 

The entry way opened into a small living room with a large luxurious sofa and chairs which were littered with women all with glass in hand some with small plates of food. Toward the back of the room was a huge bed -- larger than a king, and several women were stretched out talking to one another on the bed. The bed was surrounded by a ring of softly glowing blue-white lights that also framed a large mirror behind the bed. The back wall of the room was a kitchen or kitchenette Leah wasn't sure but there were catering trays all along the cabinet tops. When Leah scanned to her right she was surprised to see a full size pool with a slide. It was separated from the remainder of the condo by glass walls -- several women sat at the pools edge with there feet and legs dangling in the water. On the far side of the pool a large bar was set up with a bartender serving drinks. The bartender was doing a very good Tom Cruise impression slinging the bottles up and around in a very skilled manner, muffled cheers could be heard from the women watching the bartender's performance. In the corner of the pool area was a small hot tub which appeared to be quiet with no bubbles or churning water visible two women were sitting with there legs in the water. And then finally a door led off of the pool area to what Leah was uncertain.
