 I was home when my neighbor Rhonda knocked on my door. 

"Come quick please, there's water running all over!"

I closed the front door and we nearly ran across the street to Rhonda's home. I went down in the basement and turned off the water valve into the house. When I went upstairs I found Rhonda and a big pool of water on the floor. We got busy with a mop and pail and we did manage to clean up the water mess.

"Thank you Steve, for helping me out, if there is anything you ever need," she said to me.

"Anything?" I asked.

"Well, within reason," she smiled.

I was damn horny the past few days. I guess I got bold right then and I pulled down the zipper of my pants. I pulled my cock free and let Rhonda take a look.

"I can't do that, I'm married to Lou," she told me.

Lou was her redneck husband. I didn't much care for the guy. Rhonda wasn't exactly model material. She was a bit overweight and you couldn't call her pretty. She did have big boobs, however. I was staring straight at her chest just then. There was a long pause as I shook my cock in front of Rhonda. Just then, she walked over to me and knelt down. Rhonda took hold of my dick and she took me in her mouth.

I hadn't had a woman suck on my cock in some time. Rhonda began to bob up and down my seven inch rod. I made sure she wasn't going to be able to pull off in two minutes time. I put a hand on the back of her head to hold her in place. It looks like I didn't have to worry about that. Rhonda went right down to the root and then she would slide her lips back to the head of my cock. My member was getting plenty hard from her working her wet lips all over my dick.

About the time I was getting quite hard, I had Rhonda pull off. I helped lift her up from her knees. I reached over and pulled her top up over her head. I got her bra unsnapped and Rhonda's big melons fell out. They were the large type that fell onto her chest. She definitely needed a bra. I don't think Rhonda had this kind of sex in mind but I didn't stop. I pulled her shorts off and I told her to kick them to the side. I stripped down as well and then I got Rhonda over to the kitchen counter.

I hoisted her up and spread her chunky thighs apart. I looked at her face and I couldn't decide what Rhonda was thinking right then. I positioned the head of my dick at her wet opening and I shoved my cock in the whole way. Rhonda let out this long moan as I buried my bone inside her pussy. She must have been getting into it. Rhonda wrapped her arms around my neck and held on. I fed her wet hole with everything I had. Skin was slapping skin as I took my neighbor as hard as I could.

I wish I could tell you that Rhonda's pussy was tight. It wasn't. It was sort of sloppy, to be honest. At that point in time, I didn't care. I just needed to get a release and I was quite sure Rhonda did too. I guess we maybe did it for little over a half hour or so. I think that Rhonda was having some orgasms. I could feel her pussy convulsing as my cock rubbed again her pussy walls. We must have timed it just right. Rhonda held me tighter with her arms right as I exploded inside her.

It had been awhile since I had last cum. I hosed Rhonda with one big gusher after another. Rhonda let out this squeal as I filled her tummy with my baby seed. I managed to keep hard for some minutes. I just held my cock in place as Rhonda continued to have her orgasms. Once we calmed down, I pulled my spent dick out and Rhonda got weakly down onto her feet. She walked over and got a roll of paper towels. She handed me a few to clean up and I watched as she pushed my cream into a few sheets of the towels.

We didn't say much to each other after that. We got dressed and Rhonda walked me to the front door.

"Thank you again," she said, as she saw me to the door.

I walked across the street and back into my house. The rest of the day was spent thinking about what had happened. I did look out the window and saw that Lou had arrived home. I wondered what was happening over at their house. I got my answer the next morning. I saw a plumber's truck pull up in front of my neighbor's home. I guess her hubby couldn't fix the problem.

Later that day, I walked out to get my mail. Just then I saw Rhonda opening their front door and she sort of ran over to catch me.

"Thanks for helping stop the water leak."

I told her I loved plugging leaks. Rhonda smiled at me. She proceeded to tell me that her husband had wanted sex last night. She said that she told him she was too stressed out from all that leaking water. Lou evidently wasn't happy with her reply. She told me she couldn't have sex because she could still feel my cum swimming around in her pussy. She didn't want to explain all that lubrication inside her.

I told her anytime she wanted to go again, I was more than happy to accommodate her. Rhonda said she was free right now if I wanted. Well I did want. I got my mail and we walked into my house. It was much different this time around. Rhonda was all over me. She started to peel my clothes off. I was naked in just a few moments and then Rhonda undressed herself. I was looking at those humongous tits one more time. 

We didn't even make it to the bed. I got Rhonda over to the couch. She got onto her back and pulled her legs up. I climbed between her thighs and took hold of my tool. I started to rub the knob of my dick across her fleshy folds. Rhonda could barely contain herself. She reach down and brought my cock to her opening. I pushed my hips forward and in I went. Rhonda still wasn't tight down below. It didn't matter much to me. 

I fed her my snake. My ass was like a jackhammer as I slammed into her repeatedly. Rhonda did let go of her legs. I took hold of her ankles and I pushed her thighs right up to her tits. I was able to stretch my legs out and I gave it to Rhonda as deeply as I could. This time Rhonda was begging and practically screaming at me to fuck her with my monster. My balls were dancing on her bottom every time I entered her quim. Her muff was burning hot. You could tell she needed cock in the worst way.

We did stop and we flipped around. Rhonda was now on top of me. I got to take her big jugs in both my hands. I squeezed them as hard as I could as Rhonda worked up and down my throbbing prick. I got her nipples all hard with my hands and then I moved down to her ass cheeks. I took each of them in my grasp and I started to pull on them both. I looked up to see Rhonda's mounds of flesh slapping up and down on her chest. Once more we went at it hard until I felt like I was ready.

I told Rhonda I was close. For some reason we were able to cum together. I drove my ass up from the couch just as Rhonda slammed down hard onto my crotch. I sent a geyser of cum deep into Rhonda's body. My God, how she shook when she felt me seed her tunnel. I reached up on each side of her body to hold her in place. I am not sure how I was able to build up that reserve of love cream. I must have blown six or seven good blast of my sticky batter into her tummy. 

Rhonda finally got herself under control and she fell onto my chest. We ended up kissing each other before Rhonda pulled free and went into my bathroom to clean up. When she returned we had a little talk. It seems that her husband wasn't very good in the sack. He generally stuck his cock in and ended up cumming in about five or ten minutes tops. After I fucked Rhonda that first time, it seemed she got hooked on my cock. 

I didn't want her falling in love or anything like that. I told her whenever we were both free we could always get together for sex. That seemed to please her for the moment. Rhonda got dressed and she gave me a big kiss before she headed out the door. I reminded her to clean up well. I didn't want her hubby to suspect that Rhonda was having sex elsewhere. She laughed and ran back to her house.

As much as I like sex, I have been cautious when I get together with Rhonda. It is always on my terms, when I need to dump a load. So far, so good. I get together with Rhonda maybe twice a week now. That way I can be assured that I have a full tank of cum to give her.