 Valerios 

August in Italy is something of a nightmare for everyone involved. For Ferragosto, the Feast of the Assumption (a spectacle that I, for one, cannot imagine having lasted more than a minute and a half), the entire country takes a month off. Public offices are closed, trains and buses become scarce, emails go unanswered, and even international companies are run by skeleton crews. Milan resembles a ghost town. Northerners head for the sea, whether southeast to Puglia or west toward Liguria or to islands surrounded by crystalline blue waters, where they find beaches overcrowded and hotel prices inflated. One's only hope of not getting ripped off is to have a family home to return to. One's only hope of neither getting ripped off nor nagged to death by parents and grandparents is to have a family home to return to that has long been abandoned. Those with means and a constitution that can withstand a mother's guilt tripping go abroad. 

Valerios, the really good looking surgeon, went abroad. 

Me? I stuck around. More to the point, I was stuck. My interview with immigration was scheduled for the 4th. If I missed it, I would not be granted the student's permit to stay for which I had applied in April. Without the student's permit to stay, I could not obtain a freelance worker's permit to stay. After the interview, I'd have to wait around for word from Rome as to whether or not I'd be allowed to proceed. 

I was in limbo. My landlady had been negotiating with the new owners of the flat to let me remain at the address so that I wouldn't have trouble with my residency permits - which are not the same as stay permits. Half of what I'd take with me to the small house in the garden of a villa was in boxes and bags. The other half had to be left out so that the house looked lived in when the police came to verify that I was, in fact, a resident. Everything hinged on the interview, my right to stay longer than 90 days in a country where I'd already been for upwards of 110. I wasn't being granted new contracts until I knew that I could fulfill them. Part of my staying would rely on those contracts. Claudio did what he could to run interference between me and the Prefettura, the Questura, and the Commune, but there is only so much one man can take. 

So, it was more for the sake of Claudio's sanity than my own that I accepted Tomaso's offer to help. Having worked for the census bureau, he spoke beginner level beaurocrazia and was able to get through to someone in Rome; someone with a working telephone and a clue. He was assured that I might as well take August easy. Everyone else was, and so I certainly wouldn't know anything about my permit until September. There was nothing I could do but wait. 

I finally met Tomaso on a sweaty afternoon at the only open bar on Corso Magenta. It was so hot that he was wearing a t-shirt. He smiled a bit embarrassedly and complimented my tan. "You look okay," he said. "I mean, you look well." 

"Good," I corrected. "You should tell a woman she looks good." 

"Yeah, well, I don't know if I like it." 

The tan? The dress? I didn't bother asking for clarification. I kissed his cheek and took the seat across from his. "How was Berlin?" 

"I don't want to talk about it." 

"Beer?" 

He shrugged. Given the heat and his chipper attitude, I wasn't about to go for a coffee. I raised my eyebrow at him when the waitress came, but he missed his queue. "Due piccole bionde," I told her. She smirked and walked away. 

"You just ordered two little blondes." 

"So what if I did?" 

"Are you seeing anyone?" he wanted to know. He sounded like a slightly embittered ex-husband. 

I flinched. Then sighed. "It's complicated." 

"He's married?" 

"He's non-monogamous." 

"You mean he's an asshole." 

"Not at all." 

"How do you know?" 

"Because I know him." 

He made a derisive sound through his nose. "How long have you known him?" 

I cleared my throat. "Four months." And then I watched him count backwards. 

"So..." 

"So since before you." 

"Nice." 

He knew well enough that he had no room or reason to judge. We'd never talked about our own relationship. In the end, he'd left me behind with no intention of ever speaking to me again. It was only because he'd failed somehow in Berlin that he was speaking to me now. 

As much as I hate to admit it, it was good to see him and to hear his voice again. He spoke little of his journey that afternoon, even after the beer and a long walk through Naviglie, stopping at every bookstore along our way. (Sidebar: If ever there were two people who shouldn't be allowed into a bookstore together, it was the two of us. We might have been lost for days and under the threat of starvation.) Beside the canal, we took a gelato and had an inspired discussion about homesickness for places we hadn't been born, and then night was falling. My options for trains were limited, and so I had to get back to Cadorna. 

He walked with me. 

The last train had just departed by the time we reached the platform. I swore under my breath. There would be one left, from Porta Garibaldi, but I'd have to run. 

He ran with me. 

"You're never gonna make it," he said whenever he could muster the oxygen. I had no choice but to make it. 

Como San Giovanni: Binario 19. Fuck 19. Nineteen is at the far end of the station. I was through the tunnel and up the stairs with twenty seconds to spare, and he was right behind. I grabbed his wrist, pulled him on board. I don't know why. I was caught up in the romance of chasing trains through foreign stations, I suppose. If I had asked him to come with me, he would have spent the next twenty-five seconds mulling it over. Instead, he made a feeble attempt to draw back, but the train had already started moving. 

We were both sweating. I looked down and realized I was in heels. "You thought I wouldn't make it," I laughed. "And I did it in these!" 

"Yeah, but what do you want from me?" 

"What?" 

"I mean, you have this other guy so you think you can handle me?" 

"Handle you?" 

"Yeah, well, nothing's gonna happen." 

I shrugged, "Comunque sia." It was the phrase he'd taught me as an interpretation of "whatever." I turned and started down the aisle. 

Following after, he chastised me, "You know you really shouldn't say that. It isn't polite." 

Per fortuna, the last bus of the night was running late when we arrived in Como, and so we reached my place without the aid or expense of a taxi. We found the village silent and a good five degrees (Celsius) cooler than Milan. Tomaso's mood finally brightened at that. "This must be a wonderful place to sleep," he said. 

Typically, it was. But that night I woke in a panic; the same panic that had afflicted me every night for a week. My body shook and my heart was racing. There was a hollowness in the pit of my stomach, and sleep wouldn't come. I was scared. I feared that the life I had just begun was about to end. The timing was all wrong and the process too complicated for me to manage even with an army at my back. Claudio, Tomaso, my landlady, my boss, the language school and the people at immigration services were advocating for me, a stranger and a foreigner (incidentally, the word straniera encompasses both of these designations), and yet I was going to fail. We were going to fail. Italy wouldn't take me. I'd be sent back to the ruins of all I'd left behind. 

I went to the kitchen for a glass of water, and then came back and opened the doors in the bedroom. I needed air, the wind, the sound of the water lapping against the walls that contained it. I needed to feel this place in my blood, to feel a part of it. I couldn't go back. 

"Why are you awake?" 

I started at the sound of a voice I was so sure I'd forgotten. Tomaso's shape moved in the darkness at the far end of the room. I couldn't see him well, but I knew he was wearing his t-shirt, a hoodie, shorts and socks, afraid as he was of me and pneumonia. 

"Sorry I woke you." I said. "It's this immigration nightmare. I can't stop thinking about it. Ever. What if..." I swallowed hard to keep from weeping. "What if they won't let me stay?" 

He propped himself up on one elbow and held out his hand. When I walked over and took it, he pulled me close, folded me in his arms and promised, "Everything is gonna be okay." 

There was something in the way he said it, the certainty, the evenness. Something made me believe him, and the shaking stopped. 

Nothing happened that night. Nothing would ever happen. He'd leave me again a few weeks later, for Amsterdam this time, and I'd be hurt and I'd cry, but I'd know that it was for the best. I had no room in my life for anyone, friend or lover who could disappear on me so readily. But I do admit that there were times - in the interviews beside Claudio or when things weren't going my way with the Commune - when I drew strength from the memory of that one gesture, that one moment, that simple phrase and the sound of his voice. Everything is gonna be okay. 

In the first week of September, Valerios literally swept me off my feet. I stumbled in Brera. As much as I complain about the abundance of cobbled streets in a city with a stiletto dress code, on the afternoon I met the really good looking surgeon, the combination worked in my favor. He was chivalrous and had a flair for the romantic and he said all right things. Over our first coffee, he asked me to go with him to South Africa for the Christmas holidays. He was just back from Brazil then. When he gestured, the thread bracelets he had brought back as souvenirs showed under the cuff of a pressed button down. He has elegant hands, a boyish cowlick, a five o'clock shadow by noon, and a manner of speaking that suggests that he is recovering always from a fit of laughter. What I like best about him though is his warmth. I'm sure it serves his patients well in his bedside manner, but it's actually quite difficult to imagine him in a clinical setting. He would have done well as a horse whisperer. 

"Be careful there," Claudio warned. "I think it's too much." 

Over pizza and a beer in Cernobbio, he and I were celebrating having finished the documentary. 

"Don't you rain on my parade," I said. "It's too much in our frame of reference." I caught his eye so that he would know I meant nothing by it when I added, "But you and I are starving artists, not surgeons. Maybe in their world, intercontinental travel is a pretty standard second date." 

He rolled his eyes. "Sure." 

"I am not going to South Africa for Christmas. My parents would write me out of the will." 

"A horse whisperer," he mumbled. "Why not a masseuse? Why not say he'd be a good masseuse? A masseuse is warm. Warm hands, you would hope." 

"Because when a masseuse is warm, it's creepy." 

"You watch too much porn." 

"How much is too much?" 

"That's a very good question." He pondered it over the last of his beer. "I have never seen anyone eat pizza as slow as you." 

I divided what remained of mine and offered him half. It wasn't that I was slow. I simply wasn't yet Italian enough to finish one on my own. We talked about the move. The minute the residency permit was in my hand, the traslocatori were to be called. I had already been moving for a week, a backpack and two shopping bags full each day by bus. Books, winter clothes, cleaning supplies. I'd scrubbed the little house in the garden of the villa from floor to ceiling, eradicated generations of spiders and crunched a few "harmless" scorpions. Tomaso had helped me to paint the walls. It wasn't home, but it was getting there. Claudio took my hand, smiled his contagious smile, and reminded me that we would soon be neighbors. 

The following Monday, Valerios caught me in Milan in the middle of shopping for storage containers. 

"Are you free tonight?" 

I made a face I am glad he couldn't see. It expressed a combination of annoyance and devastation. "Tonight's not great. I have to drop some things off at the new place and then finish packing up the old. I am officially out on Wednesday." 

"Good." 

"Good?" 

"I pick you up in Cadorna and we go by car. It's okay?" 

Going anywhere by car other than between Claudio's place and mine was a rare treat. "It's very okay." 

As promised, he pulled up in front of Bar Chocolat at 5:15. Rush hour honked its horns when he put his hazards on and got out to help me arrange my purchases in the trunk. He just put up his hands in apology. 

While he drove, I asked him about all the lives he'd saved that day. 

"Many. Many," he claimed with an exhausted air, "But tell me about you. I like so much to hear you speak." He took my hand. 

"I taught phrasal verbs to tax accountants." 

"You see? Your work is much much more interesting than mine." 

In Como, he helped me to carry everything up the path to the new house. Through the upstairs window of the as yet unfurnished bedroom, we watched the setting sun turn the water an otherworldly shade of pink. Never mind South Africa. This promised to be a perfectly enchanting second date. 

En route to the village, we stopped at the supermarket to pick up a bottle of wine, and then we continued home. Two nights remained before the place would belong to someone else. Apart from the furniture and a few basic necessities, there was nothing at all left but the view. 

He opened the wine, and I prepared us a pasta. 

He paced the floor with the glass in his hand. There were no books left on my shelves, no pictures left on my walls. He had nothing to examine, nothing to do but watch me chop basil while I told him what it's like to have siblings, a joy of which he had been deprived and a menace from which he had been spared. His parents both came from Sicily and spent their working lives teaching in universities. They had moved north before he was born. 

I thought I imagined it at first, or that perhaps it had been an accident, but in the time it took for the rigatoni to reach al dente perfection, one by one, all but the middle button on Valerios' shirt had mysteriously come undone. If he had been going for sexy, my laughing would have hurt his feelings, so I didn't. Instead I reasoned that he is from the south. His blood, at least, is southern. I'd been told that in the south there is a different sun and that the men from the south are different creatures. 

Bearing this in mind, allowing myself to be intrigued rather than uncomfortable, I comported myself. With one hand, I raised my glass to my lips. With the other, I indulged him. His skin was warm. His muscles were taught. I reached around the small of his back and gently grazed his body with my nails. He closed his eyes. What I think Valerios likes best about me is that I'm shorter than he is, though not by much. We are almost nose to nose when I am in heels, and I was that night in heels, but it was his ear I kissed. "I am starving," I whispered. 

He grinned and admitted that he was, too, and then he pulled himself together. He complimented my cooking. High praise from an Italian, especially when I've prepared a meal that is not of some other ethnic origin. 

He did the dishes. I dried and packed them, and then I packed the kitchen towels and the few things that were left in the pantry. The rest could wait. He agreed. 

And then he led me to the bedroom. 

"Belissima!" he exclaimed when he saw the view. "Now I understand you." 

"I'll miss it," I said. "I'll miss the sunrise with my coffee." 

"But you will have the sunset with your wine." 

The glass in my hand was as half full as his disposition. I wasn't in the mood for it. I was thinking about leaving this place, that, despite my having been born and raised left of the Atlantic, this was my home. 

He cupped my face in his hands and kissed me softly. My lips, then my nose and then my forehead. "You have good memories here?" he asked. 

"Some." I set my glass on the desk, tried not to think about Leo or Claudio. Valerios' hands on my waist were helping. I thought of Grace. He kissed my neck. I thought of the ships, fireworks and summer storms I'd watched through that window. My fingers found the faulty buttons of his shirt. I thought of writing and of solitude. He stopped kissing me long enough to pull my blouse over my head. When I opened my eyes, I was looking into his. 

"I want that you have one more," he said quietly. 

And quite suddenly, Grace and the solitude and the summer storms were gone. The past could wait. I pushed his shirt from his shoulders and allowed myself to laugh. 

"What?" He knew not to be embarrassed. 

"You are ridiculous!" I told him. "You're the model for those aprons they sell at the souvenir things in Cairoli!" 

"What?" 

"Yeah, the -Como si dice? Grembiule?- with the flag and the... body." 

"Oh, yes, I am," he confessed. 

I couldn't seem to look away, so he spun me around. My back was against his picturesque chest in a position that left me delightfully helpless. The fact that we were close in height meant that I could at least turn and kiss his neck while he took control. He smelled good. He tasted good. He has a surgeon's dexterity. The clasp of my bra, conveniently located in front, was soon undone and he caressed me. We hadn't shied away from the open window. Apart from anyone in Torno with a telescope, no one could see us, but I worried that the sounds he was eliciting from me might attract attention, so when he had my jeans unbuttoned and unzipped, I moved toward the bed before taking them off. 

Rather than follow, he watched me walk away, watched me undress myself while I kept my back to him. I liked that. I was wearing a thong; not customary attire for me, but maybe it was laundry day or maybe it had been among the things I'd decided to throw away before the move. In any case, I'd forgotten I had it on. I'd also forgotten the strange power those things have to make men crazy. He inhaled sharply when I bent to slip off my pants. 

"Oh, sexy lady," he groaned. 

I turned to face him, and he came toward me, pushed me playfully onto the bed. 

"I don't feel so ladylike," I admitted. 

He wore khakis, an Amazonian tan and his thread bracelets. His hair was messed up from my running my fingers through. He looked more like he belonged on a beach than in an operating room, but, most of all, like he belonged right where he stood. At the foot of my bed. 

I moved backwards toward the pillows. He kicked of his shoes and stripped down to a navy blue pair of boxer briefs. I'm not making this up. His lower half was as flawlessly sculpted as the rest. What the man lacks in stature he more than makes up for in physique. He crawled after me. He had a confidence about him that was almost startling. He wasn't someone who was used to being questioned or instructed, but then there was a hint of modesty, of uncertainty when he said, "You must be patient with me." 

"Patient?" 

"Si." 

He knelt at my feet, drew my ankles together and pushed so that my knees were bent. His lower half was hidden from me then. Reaching underneath, he grasped the waistband of my thong and slid it smoothly over my legs. It all seemed quite choreographed, a pornographic ballet. More likely, he'd done this a hundred times before. Funny how that used to bother me, I thought. Now I could regard it as experience, wisdom. One hundred times divided by ten lovers. 

Claudio's use of this word had disturbed me. Lover. Amante. The antithesis of friend. The word suggested anonymity, infidelity, hedonism at the very least. But I was not Claudio's mistress. Surely there was hedonism, and with Leo as well, but there was also tea, conversation, affection and trust. And I wasn't a stranger Valerios had picked up in a bar while on holiday. Strangers and mistresses are strangers and mistresses, but a lover, an amante, I have come to believe, intrinsically harbors and shares something deeper. 
