 Leo 

It was after midnight when he finally arrived. I'd thought to give up on him hours earlier, but the night was perfectly calm and cool, and the view from the garden was stunning. I stayed. And anyway, I wasn't completely alone. For the better part of an hour, I'd been receiving messages from a ship off the Amalfi Coast. Laura was crazy. Laura was never going to change. Laura was nothing like me. 

Damn him. 

"Are you seeing anyone?" he wanted to know. 

"It's complicated." 

"He's married?" 

"No." 

"What then?" 

"Non-monogamous." 

"And that's working for you?" 

"He makes me happy." 

"That's something. Does he have a name?" 

"Claudio." 

"Could it be any more Italian?" 

I poured another glass of wine and wondered why I cared, why, in the pit of my stomach, despite all that had gone wrong between us, I still ached for this man. It had been an affair. The necessary spark that set fire to a life I didn't want but was afraid to leave behind. Who was I kidding? It hadn't been a spark; it had been a damned conflagration. The alcohol, the breeze, the sound of the water lapping against stone walls in the distance woke my inner masochist. 

"Do you think about us?" 

"There was no us." 

"Do you think about Rome? Genoa? Nice?" 

"I think about how good it felt to be wanted. What can I say? You know how to treat a man." 

"I knew how to treat you." 

"You did." 

"Come to Como." 

"I wish I could." 

Three times I typed the question, "Then, for fuck's sake, why are you marrying her?" Three times I thought better of sending. Instead I sent, "You could ship her home, and I could probably meet you in Dublin next week. I'm dating a pilot." 

"Claudio's a pilot?" 

"No, Claudio's a director. Leo's a pilot." 

"So there's a Claudio and there's a Leo?" 

"Si." 

"And they wouldn't mind you coming to see me?" 

"This non-monogamy stuff is actually pretty great." 

A few messages came through from London, from Grace, as well, asking if I was alright. I'd told her it had been a bit of a strange week. She took that to mean, apparently, that my life was in danger. I assuaged her fears. She asked about my new pilot friend. Leo, I reminded her. He's on his way here, in fact. 

"It's after midnight where you are." 

"Italians..." 

"I want a full report tomorrow." 

"Even if it includes mention of a penis?" 

"Especially then." 

"You're a closeted straight woman." 

"Ha! Not at all." 

Grace is my best friend, but our relationship, prior to my moving to Italy, existed almost solely in written form. We'd studied teaching together in Hamburg during the only four weeks of our lives we were ever in the same country at the same time. Now, being that we were only a time zone apart, we had begun "talking" more, keeping better track of one another's whereabouts. She was applying for masters programs in conservation management. I was orchestrating my own personal sexual revolution. We were sending each other progress reports almost daily. Mine were far more salacious than hers. Hers read as though they were composed by an adult. 

Allora... Leo. 

I'd spent the day writing. Avoiding writing. Pretending to write. And, in between, we'd been in touch, Leo and I. He wanted me to send him pictures to distract him. I was sitting at my desk in a Chicago Cubs T-shirt and glasses, sans makeup. I declined. He pressed. Forget distraction. He wanted motivation. Motivation to what end, I couldn't say. I didn't ask. Instead I cropped a photo from the boudoir shoot I'd had done back in October and sent it on, after procuring a promise that he wouldn't laugh when he saw it. In it, I'm wearing a black mask over my eyes and a ribbon around my neck. 

"Is that you?" 

"No." 

"Oh." 

"Yes, it's me." 

It must have motivated him. By eight he said he'd be able to "reach" me. Raggiungere: to reach or to arrive. In English, it sounds as if he were either going to call me or rescue me from some dire fate. I kind of like the latter idea; the idea of being rescued. 

But, still, it was past midnight when the message came through that he'd found a place to park, and I went down to the Via Besana to meet him. I had some idea of why he'd come, what was bound to happen. This was our second date, insofar as visits in the night for tea and conversation could be considered dates. Pilots keep weird hours, I'm told. Italian pilots especially. In any case, I'd taken the necessary precautions. Made the necessary preparations? I don't know. Whatever utilizing a razor with surgical precision amounts to. That's what I did. 

He couldn't have wine because he had to drive, he told me when he arrived. Too bad because I'd bought a decent bottle with him in mind, and, given the number of days per month that he's allowed to have alcohol, I'll end up drinking it alone. He'd been invited out for an ice cream with a friend in town from Dubai. I said I never turn down ice cream either. He seemed to think I'd missed the point. I suppose "going for an ice cream" here is like "going for coffee" back home. It has nothing to do with either. Rather, he went out with a friend for a chat and something less formal and less expensive than dinner. 

Anyway, he asked what I'd been writing. Leo. He knew I'd been working on whatever it was all day and that I'd managed 3,400 words. 

"About what?" 

"You really don't want to know." 

"Yes I do." 

I explained the whole thing about the different versions Grace and I have in our heads of a night spent together in Hamburg. How I remember everything because I write down everything. How her alternate history got me wondering whether or not I could write a memory; something that had not been shaped by the voiced interpretations of others or notes written in my own hand. To that end, I'd spent the entire day writing about sex. One encounter. In minute detail. 

"Can I read it?" 

"No." 

But, while I fixed a cup of tea, I told him about it, which was... something. That is to say, I gave him the context. I didn't tell him about the sex. So few people know about what happened in Genoa. Me. Him. Anni because she got me drunk one night and asked me point blank about it. That's it. And now Leo. 

"It was a one night stand?" I could tell he was thrilled to have an opportunity to drop that into a conversation in his second language. 

"It was an affair with a man I've known all my life." 

"And then?" 

"He went back to the woman who'd left him. Incidentally, they're on a ship right now, off of the Amalfi Coast." 

Nothing happens without a reason, I think is what he said, but he said it in Italian. I like the way his mind works. It works a little like mine. When I told him before about the novel I'd written, this was the aspect of it that drew his attention; the coming and going, the knowing and not knowing, the chance encounters that are not at all arbitrary, in truth. He told me the story of the girl he didn't kiss in intermediary school. Is it called intermediary school? That's ridiculously funny. Intermediate school is probably the more apropos interpretation. She came back into his life seven years ago just to drive him mental. She failed. She would have driven me mental. In essence, her interest in him inspired the loser boyfriend she had to act. It was all for naught, in the end. He left her anyway, but first he gave her the child she so dearly loves. She'd always wondered what it would be like to kiss Leo. And, when she found out, she started wondering what it would be like to sleep with him. Okay, so in some aspects of this madwoman's character, I can clearly see in myself. 

There were other stories. He's a brilliant storyteller. So brilliant, in fact, that I forgive the fact that he uses the phrase "in the meantime" in contexts that don't actually make sense. It's not often I meet someone who talks more than I do. It's nice sometimes just to listen. In the vein of things happening for a reason, he started to tell me about a quest he was on to fix one of his cars. He was like a dog with a bone. I forgot to teach him the expression when the story was through. He wanted to fix the car before selling it, to invest the five grand in repairs to, in theory, recuperate more than five grand in the sale. He was in contact with engineers in five countries and no one could solve the problem. The situation devolved until his mechanics from Napoli suggested hiring some Romanians to make the car disappear so that he could collect the insurance money. They were serious. 

I was laughing with him. Not at him. Not at myself. Not at one of my students or classmates for having made some heinous mistake that made them sound vulgar. It was a funny story and he told it in a funny way. And then he changed direction. 

No. He told the story of the Polish debutante. Then he changed direction; wanted to see pictures of me in my catholic school girl uniform. It's evidently a universal fetish. I know they exist, but they're not in my possession - the photos, I mean; not the fetishes. I told him I'd ask my sister to ship me the actual uniform. It's a little less creepy to think that he might like to see me in it not as a fifteen-year-old. 

He asked about the other pictures, referring to the one with the black mask and the ribbon. I explained how they came to be. How I'd been boxing for a year and was in the best shape of my life at 34 and so had hired a (very gay) friend of mine, who happened to be a professional photographer, to take pictures of me naked so that I could look back someday and know that I'd once been sexy. He looked at the few I have on the phone for God knows what reason. They're on the phone for God knows what reason. He looked at them because there are breasts in them. When he asked to see me naked in photographs rather than in real life although I was sitting beside him, I thought it not too forward of me to stretch my legs across his lap. He took the phone from my hand because I deliberated too long over showing him. He asked to see others. 

"Next time you're stuck in Tel Aviv." 

"What if I'm stuck in Bergamo?" 

"Maybe." 

He pinched my arm, wanting me to flex my boxer's muscles. I didn't. Evidently satisfied that I wasn't going to haul off and slug him if he tried, he kissed me. He was confident. He knew I wasn't going to pull away. There had been foreplay in our texts. He'd just seen me without my clothes on. He knew I wasn't going to stop him. I didn't. I kissed back. He drew me into his lap and kissed me harder. Then in an inexplicable act of whatever the opposite of chivalry might be, he stopped to pinch my stomach disapprovingly. It isn't as though he hadn't known what to expect. I made sure he was aware that he wasn't being polite. 

I only wore a camisole, which he was quick to relieve me of. After I pulled his T-shirt over his head, he got up from the couch with me in his arms as if I didn't weigh anything at all. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he set me down on the kitchen table. The light above was on and shone in my eyes as it very likely highlighted every flaw. It would have made the scene feel like a medical examination, and so he agreed that we might be more comfortable in the next room. 

He wasn't hurried, but every movement was... deliberate. He knew where he wanted me and how, and he'd soon stripped everything away, save for the satin and lace I wore underneath. Something was lost in it; the thrill, perhaps, of being under a man's gaze for the first time. He'd seen me already, in black and white and softly lit, in miniature and two dimensions. He took off his red, white and blue Chuck Taylors and his jeans and lay down beside me in just his underwear and dog tags. He closed his eyes. He'd learned to fly a plane when he was just sixteen. Had he been blessed with patience enough to wait until he was eighteen, he might have become a soldier. He looks the part. While our hands wandered - didn't grope; only wandered - we kissed. 

When kissing left him lulled into submission, I moved to my knees. And then he wore only his dog tags. I kissed his mouth, his chest, his stomach (resisting the urge to pinch the latter). I took his cock in my hands and then in my mouth. He was silent and still, but he was rigid between my lips, against my tongue. It wasn't enough for him. His mind seemed to be elsewhere, the immediate future perhaps, where he would slip on a condom and fuck me. This suspicion was confirmed when I looked up and found that he wasn't looking at me, but at the little silver packet he'd set within arm's reach on the dresser. 

Remembering it now, there were no reservations. From the moment he'd parked the car, he'd known where the night would lead him. 

He disentangled the satin and lace from around my ankles, and adjusted the pillow behind my head, just a little, as if without really thinking about it. The gesture was so considerate that it might have negated the pinching episode. I would have expressed my appreciation, but he was suddenly inside of me, and my vocabulary was reduced to his name and prayers and profanity. He was perfect; the way he fit me, the way he moved. I shifted as best I could beneath him, pulled him closer with my hands, with my calves behind his thighs. The difference in our height posed its challenges, and I couldn't see his face, but when I came for him for the first time, he drew back and pressed his lips to mine. 

It was all the time he gave me to recover before he took to arranging me the way he wanted next. My back was to him. The room was sweltering. Earlier in the evening there had been a breeze and then the sort of winds that come before a storm, but there had been no storm before the silence fell. We were both sweating. The knot in my hair had come loose and I wished I could put it back, but my hands were otherwise occupied in trying to keep the rest of my body steady when he slammed into me from behind. It hurt. Not enough for me to want him to stop, but he was so deep in me that I bit my lip. The pain and the pleasure were reflected in the sounds, in the words that escaped me, but the meanings of the sounds and words were no more distinguishable than were the pleasure and pain. He leaned over me, kissed my shoulder. Such a small thing, but beautiful. I wanted to move with him. He held me fast. The only time he spoke was when I was not cooperating and he told me to "go down." He wanted me to lie flat on my stomach. 

He was relentless and a little rough, and I began to beg. He maneuvered me to the edge so that I was standing beside the bed. When I looked back at him, he smiled. His smile is boyish; innocent. Unbefitting in situations such as these. I knew it wouldn't work the way he wanted. I laughed when it didn't, but this was bliss; learning. He crawled back onto the bed behind me. I wound the sheets in my fists. He held onto my waist and the second orgasm came quickly. He didn't stop. He must have known though that it was almost more than I could take. When he let me go, I might have collapsed, but he held me by the arm as though he were afraid I would try to escape. Lying back against the pillows, he pulled me toward him. For a moment, he gave me control. 

For a moment. 

For a moment, I rode him, choosing the rhythm, relishing the look in his eyes, a bizarre curiosity that must be relinquished in the body of another. I felt it leaving me, too. He pulled me down, held me against his chest, and he thrust into me. I still had room to move, to match his stride, but he was driving me mad. My arms were around his neck, my lips pressed together so that I wouldn't scream and hurt his ears. With his arms around me I felt small and safe even as he shoved me hard into the abyss. There was the scent of his cologne, the salt on his skin and darkness. 

Still he wasn't through. 

But now there was an urgency. He rolled so that I was on his side. Before I could feel out his rhythm, he pulled me under. He was in need, and I ceased to matter. There is something wildly erotic in knowing as much. He left me, stood beside the bed and threw the condom on the floor. 

"You'll kill me," I breathed. 

He gripped his cock and in one hand. With the other, forgetting himself for a moment, though he didn't want my mouth, he grabbed me roughly by the hair and drew me toward him. I didn't mind, but then he came to and let me go. I was exquisitely sore when his fingers grazed my cunt. I shuddered. He kept me on the edge while he brought himself to climax. He was steady and silent even as he came on my lips, my chest. It was as he wanted. 

He'd held me off during his orgasm, but when it had passed, I licked his cock, took him gently, just once, just to taste him. He lay down beside me then, and I curled up against his side. His voice returned to him when I turned his dog tag over in my fingers and asked him what was meant by "B-POS." 

His answer led us into a discussion about the medical practice, his experiences as a child wandering the radiology ward of the local hospital, learning from his mother how to interpret X-ray images and the importance of lying to people about the gravity of their injuries when the injuries were grave. Airplanes were the only passion he possessed greater than medicine. We talked about ER and what little he knew of Grey's Anatomy (mostly just how much he likes Izzy Stevens). He turned his back to me that I might rake my nails gently over his skin. Grattini, he taught me; pleasant scratches. 

After a while, he reached for me again, offered me another two crises if I happened to have another condom. I didn't. He got up and rinsed himself off in the shower and then began to dress. It was nearly 4am by then. When he picked his jeans up off the floor, I took his hand. 

"Stay." 

"No, I can't." 

"Why not?" 

"Because my mother will worry." 

I suppressed a sigh and got up to get my robe. 

Could I get to Mendrisio by train, he asked me. I said that I thought that I could. 

"You could come with me and Aspen tomorrow." 

Were it just for the sex, I don't know if I could deal with his mother's concern. But if it meant sex AND spending Sunday afternoons hiking in the Alps with this man and his golden retriever, I'd swallow my pride. 

"I'd love to." 

We kissed in the doorway. It was almost dawn. 

"Goodnight," I said. 

Lui mi ha detto, "Ciao."