 "There are other women."

We were both quiet for a minute. I was afraid to look. The knife had slipped, the jaws snapped shut, our knees had struck the pavement. Until we looked, there could be no blood. Until there was blood, there could be no pain.

And sometimes we look, and we find we haven't hurt ourselves at all.

"Alright," I said, coolly.

Valerios raised his dark eyes to meet mine. He smiled. It was a nervous smile, at best; maybe even sad.

Tommaso had had no other lovers while he was with me. I am Leo's only, as far as I am aware. Claudio has several, of course, but they had all found their places in his story before I arrived. I thought of Valeria, how she might have taken it, this news that she wasn't -- I wasn't --enough.

"You did say me that I should to tell you."

"I did. I'm glad you're telling me."

"But you look..." He ran his fingers through my hair, studied my features. The wrinkles across his forehead deepened with concern. "You look unhappy."

"But there are other men," I reminded him. I was denying myself the right to feel.

"Si, lo so." There was no resignation in the way he said it and certainly no malice. He knew. And now I knew. And we were both strangely at ease.

He pulled me into his lap and wrapped his arms about my waist. I kissed his lips. I sipped my wine. Setting the glass aside, I thanked him, genuinely. I wondered for a moment how we'd gone from no other women to other women (plural) without my having noticed, but then I considered that it was perhaps easier; there being more than one. I had no single rival this way.

"Do they know about each other?"

He shook his head.

"Do they know about me?"

"Of course not."

"Well, why not?"

He simply sighed in response to naivety. "Because they're not like you."

"Che peccato," I said.

"Si, un grande peccato."

And it was. For all he knew, these women, however many there were, were as busy sleeping around as he was, all going about their affairs as clever, supercillious liars, some more guilt-ridden than others, when, instead, they might be having frank conversations about their needs and desires; not wasting time with lovers who want more or less than they do. What was the point? Maybe no one cared. Maybe, in the arena of Valerios' sex life, no one really mattered. I hoped that I did. I hoped that that was why he chose to be honest with me.

He struggled not to yawn in my presence. Between the flight from Madagascar and a return to work, it had been a long week for him. There were circles under his eyes and the stubble on his face was proof he hadn't shaved in a few days; a few hours at least.

"Do you want to tell me any more about them?" I asked.

"I don't think so, no. It's just to... I cannot say I missed you. Not really."

Though the words stung, I didn't flinch. "That's fair." And it was. I'd thought of him while he was away, but the thoughts were memories and anticipation of his return. I hadn't been lamenting his absence. I hadn't missed him either. Not really.

I unbuttoned his shirt. I knew he was exhausted and sore, but I wanted to be close to him, to feel his grip on my arms, my waist, the back of my neck. Outside the night was freezing. I'd have to make my way back to the train station soon, and I wanted to steal a bit of his warmth to take with me for as long as it would last.

"You're bleeding," he said.

"How do you know?"

"You were bleeding the last time, so it's time again."

"This must be a perk of dating a medical professional."

His hand was at the back of my neck then, his fingers pressed deep into the muscles there. I relaxed under the pressure. We kissed. "How about in the shower then?"

"No."

He grinned. "Come no?"

"You're sending me out into the cold in an hour. I can't go with wet hair."

He looked for a moment as though he would say something, offer some solution, some compromise. Then the moment was gone. He lifted me up and set me down on the sofa beside him. "Drink this," he said, handing me my wine glass. "I get a towel."

"You know I don't come here just for the sex," I assured him when he came back. "I do enjoy conversations with you."

He pulled my sweater up over my head. "But the sex," he argued, "is emotional."

He meant exciting, I knew. Emozionante in Italian is closer to exciting in English, commovente being more of an equivalent to emotional. He lay a towel down across the cushions of the sofa and instructed me to stand. I obeyed. From behind, he unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, pressed his warm hand against my abdomen. The sensation was soothing.

"Is it bad?" he wanted to know. I shook my head. He pressed harder. "Does it hurt?"

"It feels good," I murmured.

While he massaged the muscles there, while he relieved me of the monthly pain I knew so well as to disregard, I put my hands behind my back and tried to concentrate on unbuckling his belt with reverse motions. His fingers moved lower. He cleared his throat.

"Do you have... There is..."

"A tampon. Yes." I moved to retrieve it, but he caught my wrist and guided my hand back to his hardening cock. I reached into his pants, still from an awkward angle and gripped him with uninhibited strength. He placed his fingers around my throat and I smiled.

"Do you like porn?" he asked. His voice was low, but it bore the same humor as always.

"Yes."

"Quale tipo di porn?"

He loosened his grip so that I could speak clearly. I felt his fingertips just above my clit. "I don't know. Girls, mostly."

This amused him. "But why only girls?" He moved my feet apart with his own so as to make me seem shorter.

"They enjoy it. You can see that they enjoy it more on camera with a woman than a man."

"You think so? You think they don't enjoy the men?"

I was squeezing him, making him breathe differently. I shook my head. And then I began to wonder what someone with Valerios' proclivities might go for in pornography, and so I dared ask. His fingers tightened around my throat again and he pinched my clit so hard that I might have shrieked. It only hurt for an instant.

He didn't answer me straight away. He spun me around, kissed me reassuringly and then, gripping my hair in his fist, forced me to my knees. This was what he liked, I knew. My mouth, my teeth even, on his cock, my nails in the backs of his thighs. He would twist the strap of my bra, tightening the fabric against my skin. He would growl and swear and need it to hurt, and, when it ended, he would smile and run his thumb gently across my reddened lips and he would kiss me sweetly. He would be Dr. Jekyll then, but, first, he'd fuck me as Mr. Hyde.

"Go to the bed," he commanded when he'd had enough of my mouth. We were still both all but dressed. I took off my bra as I walked ahead of him, cast it flirtatiously over the back of a chair. There was already a towel laid over the bedspread. Valerios had prepared even before my arrival. I could hear him disentangling himself from his shoes and slacks as he drew near. Without turning to face him, I got out of my jeans. "Ginocchi," he said. The word is distinct, one that sticks in the mind. I might not have heard it in months, but I didn't have to search my memory. It was quite easily accessible. I knelt on the bed in my panties, still with my back to him. Just to be sure, I ran a fingertip over the fabric. There was no blood.

I turned my head to watch him in the mirror. He was putting on a condom. I wondered which of his women he liked the best and fancied that it was me. I indulged his inner masochist. I didn't let it frighten me. I trusted him not to hurt me, not even when he seemed to have lost control. He would hold back each time we were together, pausing at the limits we had reached the time before to be sure that I was okay. That I was ready. And I would always smile. Surely he must like me best.

He took me by the wrists and pinned my arms behind my back. I bent forward and lay my cheek against the blankets. I was watching us. I remembered the tampon. Soon, he would have to remember it as well. He would remove it. He was a medical professional, a surgeon. The sight of blood wouldn't bother him.

"Do you want to know what kind of porn I like?" he asked. As he did, he adjusted my position so that my knees were almost together. Rather than slide my panties down over my ass, he moved them aside. He ran his fingers roughly along my vulva. Vulva, I thought, wondering at the clinical nature of that word. It was probably the word he would have used. I was dripping wet. I was watching him, watching the smile cross his lips. He leaned down to kiss me between the shoulder blades as his fingers moved, pried, penetrated. I was dizzy with need.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Mi piace l'anale."

My breath caught in my lungs at the sound of the word. He wasn't looking in the mirror as he might have done to see the expression on my face, but rather at the physical reaction of my entire body. He must have seen that I'd stopped breathing. He must have felt me twist ever so slightly, strain instinctively against the grip he had on my wrists, and when he pressed a slick finger into me, he must have felt the resistance.

His voice was close to my ear. "Just relax," he said. The sound was familiar, soothing, but he wasn't questioning this time. He was assuming I would let it happen. And he had every right to assume, because even as he spoke, even as he increased the pressure, I was letting it happen.

He was slow, uncharacteristically patient. I did my best to relax. He had taken an oath to do no harm. It was a professional oath, I knew, one that didn't likely apply in this context, but the thought of it reassured me. And when the apprehension gave way, when I was able to relax, I found to my surprise that I liked what he was doing. He'd let go of one arm so that I could masturbate, draw the attention away from any pain he might be causing, though I didn't think he was causing any. He encouraged me, whispered words of admiration and gratitude, and I was lulled into a state of complete acceptance.

When he knew, he removed his fingers, let go of my other wrist and positioned himself behind me, but I knew I couldn't take his cock. I panicked.

"You're too big," I insisted.

He laughed. "You're not serious."

"Yes, I am."

He looked down at me for a moment. In the mirror, I could see the frustration and disappointment on his face. I thought his composure would hold, but without warning, he lifted a hand, slapped me hard on the ass. In motions so swift that it's almost impossible to capture the recollection of them here, he turned me around, tore away my panties and entered me with such force as to scare me. My tampon was still in and his cock was pushing it against my cervix. One hand was choking me, the other mauling my breast. I scratched at his forearms, his biceps, his chest, leaving marks on his flesh. He needed pain. He wouldn't come unless there was pain. I squeezed him with the walls of my cunt, and I could tell by the look in his eyes that he felt it. I wrapped my legs around his waist and tried to restrain his movements. That, too, excited him.

"Sexy," he was saying. "Sexy, sexy lady."

Stealing a glance in the mirror, I decided that "whore" or "slut" or "bitch" might have been better suited to the scene. Maybe he doesn't know those words. Maybe he didn't think I knew "puttana" or "troia" and so he chose accordingly.

He was hurting me, and, at the same time, making me forget about the pain. I wanted it to be over and never to end. I screamed when I came, and he had to move his hand from my throat to cover my mouth. He was close behind me and nearly as loud.

There was a little blood on the towel, some on his cock, more on the bedspread, and very little on the tampon, which took me a while to retrieve. He knocked gently on the bathroom door while I washed myself in the bidet, and when I stood to dry myself, I bid him enter.

"Tutto a posto?" He stood behind me at the sink while I washed my hands and then did what I could to salvage my mascara. He stroked my bare shoulders and kissed my neck. I nodded.

"I lied," he confessed.

"You lied?"

I turned to face him and he kissed me, a lingering, sensual kiss. He looked into my eyes when it was over and admitted, "I missed you"

I didn't say that I'd missed him, too, but I hugged him tightly because the words made me happy. He gave me his shirt to wear and led me back to the sofa. He'd chosen a Cameron Diaz movie, brought out snacks and poured us each a fresh glass of wine, and I marveled at the duality of his nature. Incidentally, Valerios is a gemini. I curled up beside him as the film started. I wouldn't be able to watch it in its entirety since I would have to leave in half an hour to catch the last train back to Como.

The first scenes of the film, which had been dubbed and given an Italian title I didn't recognize, were set in suburbia, in a typical two-story suburban home with stairs and a bannister just inside the front door. Valerios asked if I'd grown up in a house like that. I told him I had. He liked it. He said maybe we would have one like it in Utah someday. It wasn't the first time he'd mentioned having a place in Utah. I took it to be a sweet sort of joke. Anyway, what would the people in Utah think of a couple of freaks like us? Then again, maybe Utah is full of freaks. I don't know. I've never been there. Oh, but I suppose polyamory isn't out of the ordinary there.

"I should come to see your place again," he ventured.

"You definitely should. It has furniture now."

"I hope," he said. "You've been there seven months already."

I counted backwards in my mind. He was right. "How did you remember that?"

He shrugged. "That's how long we've been together."

We'd had sex a dozen times at most, been out to dinner together on roughly the same number of occasions. We'd never spoken on the phone. We texted one another weekly rather than daily and he had been to my place once. Perhaps it was just the simplest, most polite way of putting it; that we'd been "together" for seven months. I tucked my hand into his.

"I've got to go," I told him.

"Ma perche?"

"Come perche? You have a meeting with your attorney, you said."

He looked confused for a moment. He'd forgotten. No, I realized, watching him choose his next words carefully. He'd lied.

"I have to... yes." He looked at his phone.

I laughed. "You do not!"

He pointed helplessly at the screen. "My lawyer said me that..."

"You told me you could only see me until 9:30 because you had to meet your attorney, but you really thought that I would be upset when you told me about the other women."

"No."

"And we would argue and I would cry and you could escape the crying because you said had to meet your attorney."

He'd been defeated. He tugged hard on my ponytail and kissed my forehead. "You're a smart woman," he told me.

"Make sure you don't forget that."

"Do you want to stay?"

I did. I did want to stay, but I had to decline. I didn't have the files or books I'd need for work the following day, and so I got up and began putting on my own clothes.

Standing in the doorway with eight minutes left before the train, I tried my luck. "Tell me I'm your favorite," I said.

"Yes," he grinned. "You are my favorite."

"That's all I needed to hear." I wrapped my scarf about my neck and then my arms about his shoulders. "I'll see you soon."

"Alla prossima," he said and kissed me. "Buonanotte."

I spent the train ride home contemplating, not the violence he'd displayed and the fear it had inspired, nor the talk of Utah and horses and houses he and I might someday own together, nor the sincere and unexpected attachment he seems to have to me, but how I felt being on the other side; being the one going home alone in the night with questions in my head as to what the other lovers of my lover might be like. I told myself they were all probably gorgeous, fit and vapid. He couldn't tell them the truth, couldn't tell them of my existence, because they were not evolved enough to understand. Maybe there had been a cocktail waitress at the resort in Madagascar. Maybe there was a nurse or a receptionist at the hospital whom he had taken into supply closets after her shifts had ended. Maybe there was an ex to whom he still found himself attracted. I wanted to believe that he carried on with these others in places that were not his home, his bed, his sofa. It was an odd thing to want to believe, really. It didn't bother me in the least that he might bang or even make love to someone else. It bothered me to think he might then let them wear his shirts.

"Well, shit," I said aloud as the train rolled into Portichetto. Fortunately, I was alone in the carriage save for a young immigrant who had fallen asleep.

I was back to wanting love.