 They say in heaven the Italians are the lovers. They're probably right. 

That first night lingers like a dream; the sound of his voice and the way that the light fell. The kind of dream that has the power to haunt years after it's gone. 

During dinner, Claudio and I spoke of paths we didn't take (perhaps) to the detriment of our happiness. He'd chosen film over accounting. I'd studied Latin rather than law. In myriad ways, we were lost as a result of our choices; as artists, as imaginary geniuses, as functioning members of society, and as the children of our parents. 

He contested the notion that I can't cook. I'd confessed as much during our first conversation barely a week before. My mother never taught me. Truth be told, she wasn't much good at it herself. The ropa vieja turned out well though, despite my having left it on the stove for longer than intended, distracted as I was. 

We sipped red wine. At intervals, there came silences that were not at all awkward. I made mention of the woman I had come to know as my mother-in-law. I told him how, while I was in Mexico, awaiting delivery of the visa that would allow my husband and me to return to the US, she had taught me how to make tortillas by hand. I was a hopeless case, and without a press and a wood-burning comal there was no way for me to practice. My mother-in-law was a kind soul, and she'd been patient with my efforts. 

"What happens when it's over?" he asked, "To the names or maybe the way you think about those people?" 

I hadn't thought about it. 

"I haven't thought about it." 

He traced the shapes on the pattern of the tablecloth with the tips of his fingers. He was waiting. 

"It doesn't really matter," I told him, wondering if that were true. "I'll never see his family again unless I make the considerable effort to reach some no-name village in central Mexico. He's in the states with my family and whatever relationship he has with them, I'm 5000 miles away. It doesn't affect me." I didn't want to think about it. Home had become an alternate reality of which I was no longer a part, to which I no longer belonged, the fading recollection of a different lifetime.  

He stood up and walked around the table to where I sat, held out his hand as a gentleman would if he were asking for a dance in a black and white movie. Instead of a dancefloor, he led me to the bedroom where he stripped me naked without ceremony before he lay back on the pillows. Ships passed below. Over the course of the past hour, we had made one another sad, afraid, conversing in a manner that left no room for misinterpretation. We remained two strangers without reason to hide the truth, however imperfect. The last of the daylight through the open doors was reflected in his eyes. To him, I must have appeared in silhouette. 

It was my turn to show him how good he could feel. 

Something was changing, I realized, leaning in to taste the wine on his lips. It began to change the night that we met. I had always demanded promises of love from the men who saw me naked. Promises of love had left me brutalized and jaded. I took off his shirt. When I kissed his neck, he sighed. Love, the word love, provided a false sense of security. It was a weapon to carry on dark nights, a weapon that fired of its own accord and more often than not in the wrong direction. I pulled off his shorts and then his briefs, admiring him fully for the first time now that I was no longer afraid. One of his hands was behind his head; the other moved lightly along the length of my arm, from my shoulder to the sensitive spot on the inside of my elbow and back again. I had been demanding promises of love. I had been demanding faulty armaments. Here and now, in the knowledge of how giving this man could be, how accepting of who I was and what I'd done when those who loved me were not, I considered just how stupid I'd been. I knelt over him, kissed along his jaw line, then his collar bones, the right once broken and badly healed. His hands were warm under the weight of my breasts, and he drew little circles where they were softest with his thumbs. 

But it was my turn to show him. 

I took his wrists in my hands and pinned them to them to the bed. This little display of dominance excited him. I kissed his chest. When I grazed his nipple with my teeth, his body stiffened. He gasped in surprise. 

I didn't want love. 

I didn't want what that word had come to represent. I wanted something more; something that could exist without promises. What that was had only just begun to take shape in my mind. I released his wrists and moved so that my knees were beside his, trailing kisses on his stomach as I went. He reached to run his fingers idly through my hair. 

His cock wasn't hard when I went down on him, but it didn't take long. I am a quick study and was learning what he liked. How much pressure. How much movement. He liked my hands. I liked the way he moaned when I took him as far as I possibly could and held him there, rendered him senseless with my tongue and throat. He had no idea how wet he was making me just by responding to my touch. He pressed my head closer, pressed himself a little deeper, almost imperceptibly. Though I didn't recognize all the words he used, they seemed to express appreciation, and I found that I didn't want to come up for air. 

"You're really good at that," he told me when I did. His voice was hoarse, but he said it like he meant it, and perhaps I should have felt degraded, but I didn't. He held my hair back so that he could see my face, flushed with desire, with wanting to please him the way he had me. Just the look in his eyes made me weak. I wouldn't go so far as to assume that I was enjoying the experience as much as he was, but I certainly wasn't suffering through it. He wasn't degrading me. He wasn't taking anything from me. Accepting the compliment with a slow smile, I dropped my gaze to tease him with my tongue. I was the one taking, robbing him of control. His hips came off the bed. I raked my nails along his thighs. I felt him getting close. 

He stopped me then. I made a disappointed sound, but the disappointment vanished when he picked his shorts up off the floor and took a condom from the pocket. I lay back while he stood beside the bed. Now he was hard, intimidating. I felt the apprehension welling up again as I watched him prepare to fuck me, but I knew that I wanted it this time; pain and all. 

With a knowing smile on his lips, he got back onto the bed and instructed me to turn so that I was in front of him, facing away. I dropped to my hands and knees, but he readjusted my position, placed my hands against the wall instead so that I was barely leaning forward. He kissed the back of my neck, caressed my back. There was a subtle pressure in every touch. I closed my eyes, somehow knowing that this time he wouldn't be so gentle. 

He wasn't. When, with one sudden, forceful thrust, he penetrated me, the sound that escaped my lips was hardly feminine. It was the sound I might have made being struck in a fight. I hadn't been ready for him, and I ached even as I tried to draw him deeper. He gripped my waist. I pushed back against him out of some instinct, whether it was panic or lust I couldn't say. With my hands on the mattress, I would have been able to move away from him just a little, to soften the blows he dealt. Instead, I was forced against the cool, solid surface, while, over and over again, he crashed into me. 

Once he knew I'd had time to adjust, he picked up speed, but he was not rushed. And I whimpered but not loud enough for him to think I might be suffering. He was desperate to come and desperate to make me come, and yet, he held back, just a little. I felt it in his hands when he moved them from my waist to cup my breasts. He didn't want to hurt me. The word "stop" was on my lips, but I could give it a voice. I didn't want him to stop. I didn't want him to know that it was too much. He was too deep. I didn't want him to be gentle. The one thing that I did want was just out of reach, kept from me by the pain, but, as he showed no signs of stopping, I felt myself closing in on it (or perhaps felt it closing in on me) agonizingly slowly. I focused on the sounds; his breathing, the dull slapping of his strong thighs against my own (admittedly) slightly softer ones, the obscure melody inside my head. And then the pain was gone, and the noise went away, and all that was left was bliss. I didn't know the word stop, then; only his name and the names of the various members of the Holy Trinity. I was shaking. Trapped between his body and the wall, I felt as though I were falling from a great height. I needed to hold onto him, to feel him holding me. 

When it was over, when the muscles in my hands went slack and I leaned against more than clung to the wall, he folded my body into his own and lay down on his side. It was getting dark now. He brushed back my hair and kissed my neck. 

"Are you okay?" 

I nodded. 

He began to rock against me and my need returned. I put one leg over his thigh, opening myself to him completely. Without shame or even self-consciousness, I gave myself over to him, to his desires. 

"Touch yourself," he demanded. His voice caused me to shiver. 

I was still in a bit of a post-orgasmic stupor. The words were slow in making sense to me. He moved my hand from behind his head and manipulated my fingers to mimic what he might have done with his own, and while I brought myself to the edge, he kept up a steady rhythm. With little warning, my second orgasm tore through me, a signal to him to take what he wanted. He turned my head for a kiss, to comfort me, to quiet me. And then he shifted his weight enough that I was pinned almost beneath him and he fucked me hard until we both were breathless. And then, at last, he came. 

He stayed inside of me. For a minute. Maybe more. 

I bled in the aftermath. 

It was nothing. I assured him that I wasn't in any pain. 

"It was too much," he said. He was sorry. 

I wasn't. 

He rinsed off and came back to bed. I went and did the same. 

His eyes were closed when I found my way into his arms. I couldn't remember ever having felt so satisfied or so unafraid as when I wrapped my body around his. Every curve and angle fit, my hand in his most of all. We had our demons, surely, our secrets, and our shadows. I suspected we might come to share them all with one another in time. There was something about him. Something about who I became in his presence, the woman I may have been, perhaps, if it had all gone quite differently. Anyway, regardless of the menial tortures we'd put ourselves through as artists and geniuses, here were we safe and sanguine. 

"What just happened?" I asked him as we lay there. 

He laughed. "Well, we—" 

"Tell me in Italian." 

"Scopiamo. Well, abbiamo scopato." 

I repeated the words. "What does it mean?" 

"Broomed." 

"Swept." 

"Yeah, swept. I don't know why. Swept, and also schiacciare. To crush." 

"Schiacciare," I whispered. "I like that one. Abbiamo schiacciato?" 

"Yeah, but you shouldn't use it. It's very sort of dirty." 

"I don't care," I informed him. With my lips close to his ear, I whispered it again. "Crush me." 

I didn't want love. I didn't want what that word had come to represent. I didn't want to be brutalized or jaded. I wanted to be inspired. I wanted to be honest. I wanted to be myself. I wanted something more than love. Something I could choose and control, something that wouldn't cost me my sanity and reward me with scars. I wanted this thing that he was giving me. And I wanted to give in kind. 

We kissed. He cradled the side of my face in the palm of his hand. The pieces of all I had broken over the course of the past year finally came to rest. 

I pulled away, and he looked into my eyes. It unnerved me just a little. He seemed to anticipate the things that I would say. 

"I trust you," I told him. 

He drew me to him, held me tightly. 

"Good." 

We drifted off, and when we woke again, the lights had all come on in the small village on the opposite shore. The breeze through the open doors held the promise of a summer storm. 

"Do you want me again?" he asked. He seemed almost to be talking in his sleep. 

I moved away from him and lay on my back, my head toward the foot of the bed. I left him no room to question my desires. I should have known, I thought, watching him watching me, watching him fumble through the pockets of his discarded shorts; I should have known that he was going to captivate me in this way. I covered my face with my hands and laughed, the deep, sultry laughter that follows sleep. I felt almost delirious with wanting him again. "I don't know what's wrong with me," I said. 

He crawled toward me. In the dark, he was almost predatory. He was seeing my wanton invitation and raising me a subtle threat. 

"Are you happy?" The tone of his voice didn't fit with the situation. He was, at the same time, curious and certain. 

"I'm happy." 

"Then there is nothing wrong with you." 

He grabbed me, lifted my hips off the bed, reminding me of the strength he'd shown that first night. He was on his knees, upright, and he raised my body to be in line with his, his cock barely touching me. Then he hit me like a damned train. 

"Fuck!" I screamed. 

It was all new. The position. The angle. The way he looked at me. There was almost no contact between our bodies; his hands on my hips, his cock inside of me. Nothing more. I propped myself up on my elbows, so that I could offer no resistance to his push and pull. He was in complete control. He was savage. 

"You're so fucking sexy," he managed, one word per labored breath. His brow was furrowed, almost as if he were in pain. I knew that he wasn't. Our bodies were on fire, every last nerve overwhelmed. I threw my head back and wailed. I didn't care in the least who heard me. I could feel him in me. Without his arms around me, without my legs wrapped around his waist, without his kisses, all sensation was drawn toward the center, and I could feel him in me. It was too much to bear. 

"Come for me," I begged him. "Claudio," my voice was strained as I did my best not to scream, "Please, please come for me." 

There were words I didn't recognize, and then a long, low moan when he obeyed. He collapsed on top of me, and I fell back against the mattress. I could feel his cock pulsing, a phenomenon I'd read about in stories but had never experienced before. I put my arms around him while the crisis passed, bringing something so physically primal to an end in affection. 

"I didn't expect that," he laughed when he recovered. He shifted his weight so that he was more beside than on top of me. 

"Didn't expect what?" 

He shook his head, at a loss for words, at least at a loss for the ones he wanted in English. 

I didn't press. 

"I desperately need a shower," I announced to him instead. The heat of the afternoon seemed reluctant to depart, not that it would have done any good. I sat up on the edge of the bed, and pinned my hair, damp with sweat and humidity, atop my head. It was getting late, I realized, and it occurred to me that I would soon be alone. "Will you stay?" I asked. 

He hesitated. He looked up at me, and, after a moment he said, as if surprised by his own answer, "I don't know." 

It beat the hell out of "no." I waited for the rest, not sure if I should leave him to sort it out in peace. 

"I have to ask..." 

Jealousy occupies a specific part of me and sleeps deeply. I felt the soreness behind my sternum as it stirred. 

"Okay," I whispered before taking my leave. 

The hot water coursed over my skin, taking away the saltiness. My legs felt weak, every inch of me sensitive to the touch. From the first tender caresses of the early afternoon to the violence of the last throes, he had been nothing short of perfect. I'd never been, never felt, never wanted, never experienced... I could bring no single thought to conclusion. I blotted the water from my hair and wrapped the towel around my frame. He wouldn't be able to stay, I told myself, and I would survive. I'd done this thing. I'd done it and I'd enjoyed it thoroughly and I definitely wanted to do it again. There could be no jealousy. 

He sat facing away from me when I opened the door. He'd put his briefs back on, but nothing more. 

"So," I said, repressing bitterness, sadness and fear. 

He turned to me, probably seeing all of those things nonetheless. "She assumed I would stay the night," he told me. 

"Yeah?" 

He didn't look happy. "It's weird," he said. "Sometimes, when I think she doesn't care, she gets upset, and then when I think she's going to be upset... It doesn't make any sense." 

I sat down beside him, and it was with great trepidation that I dared ask, "Do you want to stay?" 

He smiled at me then, as if the question were childish, and kissed my forehead. 

Somehow, I had the wherewithal to put away the leftovers and stack the dishes in the kitchen sink before, more or less, we lost consciousness. The bedroom doors remained open. The rain began to fall. He stroked my hair. I kissed his shoulder. We whispered our goodnights. 

And in the dark, I thought to admit to him how foolish I had been to have believed that our first night together was actually our last. 

But he had fallen asleep by then and didn't hear. I was close behind. 

Morning came. Unfortunately. I had to be to class with the priests by 10:45. We woke and dressed. I made myself a coffee and him a tea. 

"I drive you," he told me with a kiss good morning. He lived near enough to the train station that it was not an imposition. On the way we talked like college roommates of radio stations. A Hamilton Leithauser and Rosdam song I'd never heard before played. He'd never heard it either. 

When he pulled up to the curb at Borghi, I was loath to leave him, gripped suddenly by the knowledge that I'd never see him again. I am ridiculous. In the spirit of that notion, in the spirit of both notions, I kissed him as if it were goodbye. 

The train was approaching. "Thank you," I said stupidly. "Thank you so much." If this were goodbye, I'd surely regret my ineloquence later. 

"Thank you." 

Through the open window after I'd closed the door, I blew him one last kiss. 

There was nothing at all final in the way he bid me, "Ciao." 

I boarded the 9:39 and took a seat beside the window. A text came through from someone named Tomaso. 

"Would you like to meet for a coffee in Milan this afternoon?" 

I watched Claudio's car leave the parking lot. He was going home to his architect, whom I knew now to be either a fool or a saint. I realized, watching him go, that I wasn't jealous. 

He wouldn't be either. 

"Hello, Tomaso," I replied. "I'd love to."