 Milan wasn't yet stifling at the end of June, but already life in a country (or a region of a country) without air conditioning was proving sweaty. I attended the early class on Italian grammar before the east-facing rooms grew unbearable, and then I crossed the hall to tutor a man who was about my age and who was mere weeks away from an interview in English at La Scala. 

"What will you do today?" he asked as we packed up our things. I gently reminded him that we don't often use this construction. He amended, "What are you doing today?" 

"Going back to the lake," I told him, "Relaxing in my garden and enjoying the sunshine. I might write." 

"What are you writing?" 

"Nothing, really." 

I'd spent the previous evening writing about Tomaso, about the fact that I missed him irrationally. I'd written in an effort to sort thought from emotion. He was gone. I was sorry. The bottle of sangiovese I'd bought with him in mind weeks earlier sat unopened on the counter in case he ever came back, but I knew he was never coming back. I had failed to give him any reason to come back. I had instead refused to have his children and encouraged him to leave the country. 

"Is a... come si dice 'romanzo'?" the student asked. 

"A novel," I said. "No, it is not a novel." 

He shrugged his shoulders, bid me a pleasant day and was gone. 

I caught the 14:43 to Como. Claudio was working in Milan, filming a time lapse from atop a publishing house. Originally, the gig had been scheduled for Friday, but the work "was anticipated" on account of the clear skies. I'd hoped to keep him company in person while he waited for the footage, but security was tight, he informed me. And so I left the city but entertained him by way of text. 

"To anticipate means to look forward to something eagerly or to expect it," I wrote. "(I anticipate being with my Russian lover or I didn't anticipate that my Russian lover would tell me she was engaged.) Your work was moved up or rescheduled for an earlier time." 

He replied, "It's not my fault that your language is incapable of communicating simple things like this. Should I adapt to this nonsense or should you and your language adapt to reality?" An emoticon in sunglasses was appended to reflect his good humor and rebellious nature. 

By the time I caught the bus that would take me to the village, we had moved on to the word 'lover.' He claimed society had demonized it and said he was on a mission to restore its true meaning. I said that I understood on a sociolinguistic level. 

"But I don't want to be your American lover," I declared. That wasn't true, I realized, and I was quick to rephrase, "I don't want you to call me your American lover. I know what you mean by it, but, in my mind, it reduces our relationship to sex." 

"What should I call you?" 

I signaled the driver to stop and got off. Scendere is the verb used when exiting a bus or train. Sono scesa, because all of the useful verbs in Italian are irregular. I pondered Claudio's question while counting the stairs; 243 down and 154 up. I didn't want to be his friend. That wasn't what we were; not all of what we were. The word girlfriend would be too conventional and too monogamous. The word partner connotes a relationship with practicalities and logistics. There was nothing practical or logical about us. 

I was a bit lightheaded by the time I reached the front door. My summer blouse clung to my skin. Taking full advantage of the fact that I live alone, I peeled it and my jeans off as soon as I got inside. The sun had gone behind the house, and the room was comfortably cool. So was I in my bra and sensible cotton panties. I stood at the kitchen sink and resumed the conversation. 

"Did the camera fall off the roof?" 

"Still clicking away." 

"You have many lovers. I want to be something more." 

"What do you want to be?" 

"I want to be on a level with your architect eventually. If I leave, I want you to feel it." 

"Even my architect could leave. It's not a competition." 

"I'm an American. Everything is a competition." 

I poured myself a glass of water and another for my only houseplant. I left the phone on the table while I went to open the French doors in the bedroom. There was a breeze. It carried voices from the landscape below, those of young boys swimming in the shallows and of pilots of passenger boats. I straightened the sheets on the bed and the papers on the desk. I stood at the mirror in the low afternoon light, inspecting the marks left near my eyes by the sun. At close range, they gave away my age, and they wouldn't go away when summer ended. What could I do? I smiled at the reflection. My hair had gotten noticeably blonder in recent weeks, and my shoulders had just begun to turn brown. I wasn't twenty-five anymore, but, still, I wore Italy well. 

From nowhere came a hopeless desire to show Tomaso. I muttered to myself about getting it together and went back to the kitchen. 

"It's true that I have many lovers, but it's not often that I find a soulmate." 

I sighed. "Not a soulmate. A kindred spirit." 

"Whatever." 

I'm not sure about soulmates, but I'm fairly certain that if ever I discovered mine, I'd be just stupid enough to refuse to have his children and then encourage him to leave the country. 

It didn't matter. Tomaso was history, and here the most free-spirited, most enigmatic human being I'd ever met was telling me that he felt a deep connection with me. I was responding by tempering his lexical choices. I was a moron. 

We carried on for a while about the present participle of love, about the morality of polyamory. We spoke of acceptance alongside disregard for sexual orientations. "Liking to have sex with a man or a blonde (or blondes) should have no more social impact than my liking the color yellow." 

"Do you like the color yellow?" 

"Well yes but I'm a little colorblind." 

"When are you done filming?" 

"Tramonto." 

"Come over after?" 

"I try." 

"Good, because these ridiculous conversations of ours make me want to make out." 

"Find someone!" 

"It's too hot." 

"Go naked! It's easier that way." 

"Only lipstick then. Get here." 

For a quiet hour I sat at the window muddling through my Italian homework. Congiuntivo presente, mi sembra and secondo me. It all seemed terribly arbitrary. When the sunlight began to fade, I ran a cool bath. I considered that I hadn't shaved my legs so frequently or so meticulously since I'd been with Elizabeth and blindly determined to be the feminine one in our relationship (regardless of the number of times she explained that neither of us wasn't). I didn't suppose Claudio would mind if I skipped a day, but I couldn't help but worry that he was constantly comparing the women in his life to one another. How could he not? I drew the blade cautiously over the back of my knee. 

For dinner, I managed a simple pasta while pretending to comprehend the evening news, and, when that ended, I took Claudio's advice. 

I found someone. 

Leo was a pilot with a golden retriever and a killer smile. He wasn't shirtless or smoking in any of his photos. There were no photos of motorcycles or cars. Not even planes. He'd written about himself in English, "I love to fly and it's my job."  

"What's your dog's name?" 

"Aspen." 

"He's handsome." 

We chatted a little about his recent trip to the states and my (purported) reasons for being in Italy. He seemed nice enough, polite. It's somewhat discomfiting choosing a person like a pair of shoes or a hotel room from a few photographs and a brief description. Product reviews come in the form of common connections. Proximity is a key factor. Politeness at the onset alleviates the indecency of it all. I didn't share these thoughts. The conversation meandered. Looking back, I wonder if he wasn't far off and alone somewhere as pilots often are. I don't recall that we said goodnight. 

When Claudio arrived, it was nearly ten and there were fireworks going off in Torno. I met him barefoot at the door in a short silk robe and with my hair in a knot. He wore the same graphic tee and plaid shorts as at our last two encounters, but he smelled wonderful when he wrapped his arms around me. 

"Ciao," he whispered. Then, "I can't stay." 

I stuck out my bottom lip for effect, but, in truth, I was learning to appreciate his candor. If I knew up front that I'd be sleeping alone, I wasn't preoccupied with how and when to ask. And knowing we only had a couple of hours together meant that nothing else had to matter. The world outside of that room could come back into existence after he'd gone. I poured two glasses of chilled white wine. In the armchair in the corner, I knelt in his lap so that we were face to face. 

The lights were off in an effort to keep the mosquitos at bay, but he and I could see each other plainly. There was a haze over the water and so the refracted light from other houses, other villages, and the moon turned the atmosphere a soft luminous blue. Bathed in it, he traced my collar bones with the tips of his fingers. "Did you find someone?" 

"Forse." I sipped my wine, raising an eyebrow at him as I did. 

He seemed surprised, "Ah! Brava!" 

I laughed. "I said maybe." 

"Not long ago we were maybe." 

"And two entire months later," I laughed, "here we are." 

"Kindred spirits." 

He kissed my neck, softly, reverently. I closed my eyes. I didn't care if he couldn't stay. I didn't care that Tomaso was gone or whether Leo was a serial killer. Claudio's breath on my skin was everything I wanted. Almost. 

"Like Christmas," he whispered as he loosened the knot that tied my robe. "You wore silk for a man from Como." He pushed the sheer fabric from my shoulders. "Did you know I would like it?" 

The robe pooled across his legs. Languidly, we kissed, our tongues sweet with wine, our lips faintly salty with perspiration. I'd worn nothing underneath. He remained fully clothed, and, though I was on top, I was submissive. I didn't reach for his shirt or his belt. Rather, I set my glass on the floor and rested my palms behind me on his knees. He pulled my hips toward him and smiled. Since the last time we were together, I'd been remembering. I'd been anticipating. I could tell by the way he smiled at me that he knew it. I was at his mercy. 

He kissed the lightly sunburnt space between my breasts. His hands gripped my legs, held my waist, caressed my shoulders and the back of my neck. He was torturing me. I pressed myself toward him, begging without a word to be touched, but my pleas only served to amuse him. His lips brushed against mine now and again, but even the kisses were meant to ignite; not to satisfy. When, impatiently, I reached for his belt, he caught me by the wrist. I didn't question. He broke the kiss and made me lean back in his lap. I didn't fight. He forced my knees as far apart as the armchair would allow, and I offered no resistance. 

I watched him as, with a sculptor's concentration and the palms of his hands, he followed the lines and curves of my body. He was so warm. Every movement was deliberate, perfect and utterly maddening. 

"Please," I whimpered. 

He looked up at me, into my eyes. There was something in that look that I would see again and again and would never be able to name. It wasn't love or lust or even intrigue, but it meant something. He drew a line with his thumb over my abdomen, barely touching me. The pressure grew as he moved lower until finally, finally he was where I needed him to be. I shuddered. I moaned. It was a release. Not an explosion. An undulating release. 

"Claudio?" 

"Dimmi." 

But I had nothing to say. 

The darkness, the heat and the alcohol gave the scene a dreamlike quality. He slipped his fingers inside. I rose up in his lap to give him (and myself if I'm honest) a better angle, and he slowly guided me deeper into a reverie where all the shapes of things began to blur and the colors faded. I never wanted it to end, but I was powerless against it, against him. I heard my voice as if from far away, repeating his name, begging him not to stop. When he knew I was close, he sped up, whispered my name, asked me politely, and I came. 

And then I came to. 

My arms were wrapped around his neck. He was stroking my back and I could feel the blood in my veins. 

"You are," I whispered. 

"Don't say it," he pleaded. 

"I'm thinking it." 

He kissed my ear. "I know." 

The minutes passed. I cannot say how many. Before my breathing had returned to normal, he shifted my weight in his arms and lifted me up, carried me like a rescued damsel into the bedroom and laid me on the bed. I reached for him then, but he shook his head. 

"Not tonight." 

"Ma dai!" I was confounded. 

He laughed at my attempt to use the phrase in the appropriate context. "Doctor's orders," he said, and then, probably noticing my reaction, added, "It's nothing to be concerned with. I just need to... not do that for a little while." 

(Of course, he doesn't pronounce the 'th' so it was more like, "It's no-ting to be concerned wit. I just need to not do dat for a little while.") 

I'd be lying, and poorly, if I said I wasn't mildly devastated, but the raging endorphins were to blame. It was no hardship to pass the time curled up in his arms while we waxed philosophical, sociopolitical. Truly, he fascinated me every bit as much with his clothes on as off. I moved toward the pillows, making room for him as I did, but he, still standing at the foot of the bed, grasped at my ankle. 

"Do you have any toys?" 

With a rather unladylike lack of hesitation, I pointed in the direction of a nearby cabinet. His grin was as mischievous as I felt as he retrieved the bag I described. Inside were two vibrators and some spare batteries. Nothing terribly risqué. No lifelike appearances or remote controls. Simple. Functional. 

"Are they clean?" he wanted to know. 

"Of course they're... who doesn't clean their... nevermind." 

He chose the thicker of the two, twisted the end to see how it worked and then set it on the bedside table. I crawled toward him and lifted his t-shirt over his head. He slipped out of the rest. 

"This is new," I admitted as he guided me back toward the pillows. 

He picked up the vibrator. "No one did this for you before?" 

I shook my head. The men I'd been with, my husband especially, regarded toys as competition. My suggestion that we experiment with a vibrator was tantamount to my saying he wasn't good enough. Not even Elizabeth had incorporated them. Then again we weren't together long enough. Tongues and fingers had never gotten boring. 

He knelt over me, his cock in his own hand. 

"Can I?" I wanted to know if I could touch him, but he shook his head. 

"Not tonight." 

The vibrator hummed as he brought it close to my nipple. I jumped and tried not to giggle when it made contact. Though the room was quite warm I shivered as he circled each areola in turn. (The word areola in Italian means halo). My eyes closed, but I felt him watching me, watching my brow furrow, watching my fists loosen and tighten their grip on the sheets, watching my chest rise and fall. 

Then the sensation was gone. The hum grew louder when he took it away. I felt him shift his weight on the bed, and I expected (or tried to expect) the shock that was about to wrack me when he pressed the efficient little mechanism to my clit. Instead there was heat, overwhelming pleasure in waves. The toy fell useless at my side as he freed his hands to hold me down. 

I was still sensitive from the first orgasm when, with his tongue and commendable ease he brought about the second. The last lucid thought that entered my mind was that he was doing this for me. I couldn't return the favor. Not tonight. And still, he was so... so what? Generous? Munificent? He was good. God, he was good. I was soon straining against his hold, signaling him to stop, desperate for him to keep going. Knowing my mind every bit as well as he did my body, he drove me further into a state that was as beautiful as it was startling. And there he left me. Weightless for an instant. Almost painfully alive. 

"You're..." I whispered into the ensuing quiet. He was on his knees again, above me. 

He smirked a little and shook his head. "Don't." 

Before I could so much as settle on an adjective, let alone pronounce it, he'd taken up the vibrator again, and now he meant to use it. He was beside me. His lips were on mine and I tasted myself, sharp, but not altogether unpleasant, on his tongue. I was so wet that when he pressed the tip of the vibrator to my cunt, it made an obscene little sound, and we both just managed not to laugh. Pulling away from the kiss, he watched my reaction as he pushed it inside. I gasped. He was pleased. It must have been the reaction he'd wanted. 

While he proceeded to fuck me with a hard silicon substitute, he used his free hand on himself. And for as long as my eyes stayed open, they were fixed on his. It was so strange. Never would I have imagined feeling such intimacy with someone and so distant from him at the same time. We weren't touching. The realization recurred. We weren't touching. I was losing control at his bidding nonetheless. Thoughts of vulgarity, obscenity fled my mind. Thoughts of any kind, for that matter. He was all but motionless while my body writhed in his shadow, against his hand, against the object it contained. Later I would consider that it may have appeared as though he were calling forth my demons. When I came, I gripped his wrist with both hands and tried to stay still, tried not to distract him, tried to hold his gaze. I knew I wouldn't last with the toy still inside of me, but he soon whispered something. Perhaps it was just a sound. His eyes closed, his breathing changed and he came hard on my chest, my shoulders, my neck. The muscles in his arms tensed when he climaxed, and the vibrator went deeper. I grabbed for it then, took his hand away and removed the thing from my aching body. 

After the fireworks, smoke floated in from across the water, and the faint smell of sulfur lingered in the air. It mixed with the stronger scent of the oleander as we recovered silently in one another's arms. I was happy. Truly, shamelessly happy. 

"I can't stay," he whispered just as I was drifting off. 

I lifted my head and put my chin on his chest. "I know." 

The vibrator had landed beside his hip. "Don't forget to wash this," he said, handing it over. 

"Oh, go brush your teeth." 

I pulled a nightshirt over my head and watched while he dressed and tied his shoes. I'd have loved to wake up beside him, but I knew those mornings would come. Sooner or later and, perhaps, with weeks or months in between. 

We stood on the stone steps just outside my door, and though I was one above him, I still had to stand tip-toe to kiss him. "Che peccato," he said. 

"What's a pity?" 

"You don't want to be my American lover." 

"I don't want you to call me your American lover," I said again. 

"And? What should I call you?" 

And the answer came to me. "How about Teresa?" 

He hugged me tightly in the darkness, in the summer heat, in the hush of a world that had long since fallen asleep. "Buonanotte, Teresa," he said. And he kissed me and was gone.