 I bid good morning to the young Brazilian priests who were my classmates in Milan, and then I took my place among them. We were the beginners.

"A coppie, parlate," the teacher instructed us. We were to tell the person with whom we were paired about our weekend. I said that I had written and cooked and cleaned my flat.

My phone vibrated in the messenger bag I wore; a canvas affront to the Milanese sense of style. The sound was just as distracting as a ringtone would have been. It was Claudio.

"Shall we meet again today?"

If the young Brazilian priest who was my conversation partner could have seen the images that flashed through my mind just then, I'd still be doing penance.

"Back in Como 14:00," I hastily replied. Why? "No," would have been easier, or "Can't," or "Can't. Sorry," if I'd wanted to be polite about it.

"I could drive you home if you like."

I thought of the bed in my home. I thought of the couch and of the kitchen table. I thought of his fingers in my cunt and of his cock in my throat. The young priest was prattling on with some fluency about his work with the youth ministry and a walk in the mountains. I felt the catholic guilt coloring my cheeks. I had no more control over it than I did over the exquisite sting of arousal. I crossed my legs in an effort to quiet the nerves.

I wanted to see him again. I couldn't explain it. The certainty I'd felt walking out his front gate two days earlier had dissipated completely. A part of me remained reluctant; the part of me that had the sense to know that no good could come from ensconcing myself in someone else's messed up love life. But another part of me was curious, and a part of me was probably just lonely, and a part of me was on fire at the mere recollection of his touch.

There was a brief period of commotion as we resituated the desks and prepared to share with the class. I took the opportunity to reply.

"Hmmm... forse. Prendiamo il caffe?"

"Ok, ma io non lo bevo," came the rapid fire response. What Italian doesn't drink coffee?

"Teresa." The instructor, having been annoyed -- and rightly so—that I was on my phone, put me on the spot. "Cosa hai fatto?" What did you do?

"Ho scritto. Ho cucinato. Ho pulisco la mia casa."

"Hai pulito la tua casa."

"Si."

"Bene." Then, before he moved on to questioning the priests, he asked me, "Tu sei un insegnante di inglese, no?"

"Si." I am an English teacher.

Without another word, I knew he was chastising me for using my phone during class. I put it away, and tried to do the same with my sins.

By the time I caught the train back to Como, Claudio had sent three more messages.

First: "Io comunque devo andare a recuperare la macchina a Cernobbio prima o poi. Let me know!"

Second: "We can even meet later tonight, if it's better for you!"

Third: "My plan of driving you home is not okay for you?"

From the first I discerned "Go, car, Cernobbio." I moved on and replied only to the third message.

"It depends if 'driving you home' is a euphemism. Can we have coffee first?"

I waited.

"Drive you home means drive you home. 'Have a coffee' is a euphemism. It means talk about things."

"Fair enough."

"We could eat together if you want."

"That would be lovely."

"See you in an hour. Possiamo prendere una piadina e mangiare in Viale Geno. Quando arrivi, si, se vuoi iniziare a ordinare una piadina, fallo anche per me!"

An hour later, when I found him waiting on the platform, I was still trying to decipher the last text. I had no idea where the Viale Geno was and I'd never seen or heard the word piadina before.

Turns out it's a wrap, and the Viale Geno is the road that runs along the lake on the eastern shore of the city. We chose a spot in the grass in the shade, and while we ate, we talked as though we were having a coffee. He asked me to remove my sunglasses. He wanted to see my eyes and, anyway, it wasn't sunny in the shade. I tucked them into my bag alongside my text books and a half-full bottle of water and a map of Milan.

"My friends know that I'm polyamorous," he said, "and my parents, though I've never explained it to them in detail." He was articulate, as he explained it to me in detail. I judged that he'd been called upon to elucidate a number of times before and at least a few of those times in English. There was the architect. They'd been together seven years. For three years he'd been in a relationship with a younger woman in Milan. There were others who lived abroad whom he saw only on occasion. "Love is not finite," he told me. "Because I love two people or three or a hundred, it doesn't mean that they are sharing some quantity of love that I am able to give." He gestured to indicate a sort of distribution.

I smiled at his insight. I'd often thought the same thing. In fact, I'd used his logic recently-- albeit to no avail-- during an extremely painful argument. "I agree with you. Absolutely. Love is not finite. But time is. Energy is. Your architect gets to have those things."

He conceded as much. He talked about divorce rates and the pain that comes with jealousy and infidelity, the ways in which our consciousness of all things sexual has been shaped by the Catholic church, the arcane notion of belonging to another human being. I said I understood it from a male perspective; that men, in my opinion, were not predisposed to monogamy. (Seriously, we talked like this, using these words because we're dorks, and this is the way dorks talk.) But, I argued, it isn't so with women.

"I was in a relationship," I started. He raised an eyebrow. "And it was wonderful, but there was this sort of naturally born self-isolation that came along with being with a woman. We were exclusive almost immediately. We moved in together after a month. And it wasn't crazy. In the lesbian community, this sort of thing isn't crazy. Women have more of an innate need to 'belong to another human being,' as you say." I paused so that he could interject, but this was a side of the argument he might not have been so well practiced at. "Anyway," I added, "I'd love to talk to your architect about it sometime."

"You are bisessuale," he was grinning again, as though he couldn't believe his luck. Men...

I feigned incredulity. "That's not the point."

"But you are."

I took a deep breath and hit play on my own well-rehearsed mini diatribe. "I am a person," I began, "and I desire, and sometimes fall in love with other people. I don't consider myself bi or straight or whatever. It's so rare and so beautiful to have a genuine connection with someone." Unexpectedly, that last bit caught in my throat when I dared to look in his eyes. He was listening. "I wouldn't reject it because the person I happened to have a genuine connection with were a different race or a different religion or in a different social class. Why would I reject it because she happened to have breasts?"

"What was her name?"

"Elizabeth." It felt strange on my lips. I hadn't uttered it in so long.

"You're remarkable," he said.

I put my head on his shoulder and he took my hand.

Something had shifted over the course of the conversation. The things he'd said made sense to me. The architect had her lovers. After a few months they would usually try to take her away, but she would never leave Claudio because she loves him, he told me pointedly, and she loves her freedom.

He was something. While I listened, I considered how sure I was I'd never see him again. I wasn't determined not to, just sure I wouldn't. Here we were sharing my bottle of water and our philosophies on life and love.

"But why did you came here? Sorry. Come here?"

"I love it here." I hoped it would be enough. It wasn't.

"But you just walked away from your life. No one does that without some reason."

"I know."

"You don't want to tell me?" He squeezed my hand.

It was such a small gesture, but it held so much. I didn't consider whether I wanted to tell him or not. My fear of judgement had suddenly wandered off, and I found myself speaking. I told him I'd been a good person all my life, but that a year ago I'd gone off the rails. I was unhappy and so I wrecked everything.

"I was unfaithful." Claudio didn't let go. I continued. "He never found out -- not about all of it, anyway, but I couldn't go on with him knowing I'd be lying to him every day for the rest of my life. And I couldn't tell him the truth."

"Your boyfriend?"

The words came out in a whisper, "My husband."

He pulled away from me then, far enough that he could look me in the eye. "You were married?"

I cleared my throat. "I am married, but it's not what you think. I—"

"I've never been with a married woman." That smile again. But then he bid me go on.

"He was my best friend. We married because he was an illegal immigrant from Mexico. It wasn't supposed to be forever. But it took so long to go through the legal stuff... I turned around one day and it had been seven years! And we'd gotten used to this life we had together. We loved each other, but nothing else between us made sense. I wanted this." I indicated the scene in front of us, the lake, the mountains, the villages clustered at intervals around ferry boat stations. "He wants a life in Chicago as a waiter and to move back to Mexico when his parents are old." I'd never put any of this into words, really. I wasn't sure I was making sense. "Neither of us was ever going to change. But rather than just face it and say goodbye, I went and had an affair. You know, because that was going to fix things." I chose a blade of grass and twirled it in my fingers. "Shockingly, it didn't. So... here I am."

"Well, you're still married."

"Only until he gets his citizenship. If I'd divorced him, he would have had to start the process all over again." I kept my gaze firmly fixed on the lake.

Claudio stroked my arm, acknowledging in his way that it wasn't easy for me to talk about. "Until then," he said softly, "can I continue to be with a married woman?"

"You do have a one track mind."

"I don't," he laughed. "I am interested in souls; not just bodies."

"That's a pretty thing to say."

"I was just... Well, I was thinking."

"What?"

He pulled me close again and said in my ear, "You seemed to enjoy it."

"Yeah, well, it was fucking incredible." I said in in such a way as to make it sound like an excuse rather than a compliment. Surely he knew. Surely a man doesn't go about collecting lovers without some level awareness of his sexual prowess. But I couldn't keep from smiling.

"No," he said. "I mean, you are a very sexy woman. Very..." He didn't have the right word. "Very sexual. Like, you really enjoy sex."

I'd heard similar sentiments from the man with whom I'd had the affair. I didn't tell Claudio that, but I thought I understood what he was trying to say. I'm of an age, I told myself. I didn't need choreographed sex by candlelight. Just to forget myself, lose myself for a while.

He put a finger underneath my chin and we kissed. And though the kiss lingered, it wasn't passionate. It wasn't meant to lead to anything more. There was something in it like solace. Countless little travesties had brought me here, to this city, to this man, to this afternoon and the secrets we'd been telling, as if we'd been searching for each other without knowing.

"I drive you home," he said when it was over.

We walked back to his place for the car and the summer tires he was having put on it. His mechanic worked out of the town between Como and my village. Driving me home would mean a short detour. On the way, he told me he'd be playing soccer in a nearby town later that night. He could come back to me afterwards if I wanted. I smiled at his Latinate vocabulary when he said, "I would love to have more physical intimacy with you, but it isn't..." I wished my Italian were better so that I could know the things he was unable to say in English. "Anyway," he said, reaching for my hand, "We can even just sleep. We don't have to be alone."

He left me off near the church. The village has only three roads running through it; one along the water, one higher up on the mountain and a narrow one in between. A network of stepped footpaths connects the three. On the narrow road are the church, a coffee shop, a stationary store and a bakery. All four were closed when he drove off.

He texted after soccer to see if I was willing to share my bed.

As tempted as I was, I reasoned that everything he'd said might have been bullshit. I wasn't remarkable. I was alone and vulnerable and he might have seen me as an easy target. And though I wasn't eager to return to the path of righteousness by any means, neither did I want to wind up hating myself over meaningless sex. I was overthinking it. Truth be told, I'm an overthinker. "This will make me sound half my age," I texted in response, "but I'm just not ready."

"I know you think it's so fast," he wrote, "but I won't say too fast. There's no reason to slow down when the road is safe and free."

"Except my speedometer is broken and I'm not sure my brakes are working. Give me time. Just a little."

He gave me three days. Then he wrote to say that he would meet me off the train in Como because he wanted to propose something. The sight of him waiting for me on the platform gave me goosebumps.

He led in with chaste kiss and a smile. "Would you like to help me with the documentary?"

"How?"

"I need some help with the English subtitles."

"But your English is so good!"

"Yeah, but it's not perfect."

I wondered if he was being clever, and then it occurred to me that I didn't really care. Since that afternoon, our conversation in the Viale Geno, I'd wanted more of him; to listen to him speak, to know his mind. And, God help me, I wanted him to undress me again.

"Come over tomorrow," I said. "I'll make dinner and we'll work on it together."

The look of pure astonishment was priceless. Surely he'd anticipated my reluctance. Surely he'd rehearsed promises to be on his best behavior and an explanation as to why I was the best person for the job, but I left him with nothing to say but, "Perfetto!"

I was hard pressed to leave him, but I was meeting with my landlady to discuss her having sold my flat. I had a couple of months, but I'd need to start looking for somewhere else to live. I was to meet her at the accountant's office to sign some papers terminating the lease.

"What are you going to do?" Claudio asked.

"I don't know, but I'm not worried. Something will turn up."

The following afternoon, he texted to say he'd parked on the nearest road, and I went down the winding stairs to meet him. While he read from the script, I chopped vegetables and went about preparing one of the three meals I know how to make. Where there were mistakes in his grammar, I corrected them. Where he had questions about translation, he would recall the original and speak to me in his mother tongue. "Just keep it in Italian," I told him again and again. "It sounds better." We had a twenty minute discussion about the word "perspective" and whether or not Christianity could have one. He didn't want to use the adjectival form of the religion if he could help it.

He told me he wanted to write a book of short stories, true tales of his love affairs. In each he would be a different version of himself, the version as perceived by each girl. To his first love, he'd been the good Catholic boy, with the second he'd been a musician and songwriter, and the third likely remembered him as a basketball player. For Valentine's Day one year, he'd sent letters to every girl he had ever had a crush on. He lost his virginity at 25. These little confessions, little confidences came between the lines from the film. With each one, I found myself closer to trusting him.

I set the ropa vieja to simmer for a couple of hours, washed and dried my hands. I crossed the room to where he sat engrossed in the syntax on the screen, and, from behind, I kissed his neck.

"Take a break," I pleaded, not that I needed to. That smile told me he'd been waiting. I took his hand and led him to the bedroom.

The French doors were open on the lake and there was a glorious summer breeze off the water. I kicked off my shoes and then relieved him of his t-shirt, and we knelt facing one another on the bed. He pulled me to him, held me as if in gratitude, and kissed my forehead. He was warm. I could feel his heart pounding in my chest. Without a word, he took off my blouse and then unbuttoned my jeans. He didn't question this time, didn't wait for permission. He had his instincts to guide him.

His hands were everywhere at once; he kneaded my breasts through the fabric of my bra, squeezed my ass, stroked my back, my arms. I was struck by the intimacy when he touched my face though he kissed me all the while. I unzipped his shorts and slid them down to his knees. He was only half erect, but still somewhat terrifying. Through the cotton, I stroked his cock while he kissed my neck. He moaned so prettily against my delicate flesh, and I wanted him all the more. I slid my hands under his waistband and stripped him as naked as I could. To help me, he had to stand. He looked at me looking at him; I was filled with fear and desire. But in his eyes, his indescribably beautiful eyes, mixed with fascination and need, I saw the warmth that had drawn me to him.

He took off my bra, then my pants. He left my underwear for the moment. "Do you want to try new things?" he asked. The tone of his voice dared me to say no.

I nodded, slowly.

He pushed me backward then and stripped away the last. "Good," he breathed, "Because I want to fuck you. I must be sincere." Just his words made me tremble. Then I felt his cock, heavy against my thigh, and I wondered if I should change my mind. He put one hand behind my head, and two fingers of the other inside of me. I wanted to moan, but remembered the open doors, and held my breath instead. He watched me, intently, his brow furrowed, gaging my every reaction, learning what I wanted, what I liked. He pressed his thumb to my clit, and my head fell back in ecstasy, but his hand was there, and it forced me to look at him. His lips were parted, the muscles of his forearm twitching as he bent his fingers to press against my g-spot again and again. I tried to get away from the pressure.

"Don't fight," he commanded, but his voice was a whisper.

He lowered his head and took my nipple into his mouth. I couldn't keep quiet any longer. I was disappearing into him, into the pain and the need and to something swelling beneath the surface. He looked up at me, with that same air of concentration, but there was a satisfaction growing in his countenance. He knew before I did what was about to happen. Then he pushed his fingers as far as they would go and he crushed me with the palm of his hand, and I felt something so incredibly powerful that it brought tears to my eyes. I clung to him for dear life and sobbed against his chest. When I lay back down, he seemed in awe; whether of his own ability or of my body I could not say. He kissed me.

"You screamed," he said.

"I did?"

"You're quite loud, you know."

"It's your fault for doing what you were doing. What the fuck were you doing?"

He just grinned. "What was it like?"

"It was like," I tried to capture the feeling even as it ebbed. "It was like a powerful sort of pressure from the inside out. Under water. And it turns one color at the last second. I don't know." I laughed. Poetics had failed me.

It probably made no more sense to him than it did to me, but he relished hearing it. He knelt and took a little blue packet from the bedside table. While he opened it, I used my mouth to get him hard. When I stopped, he rolled the condom over himself and asked pointedly if I wanted to ride it or if I wanted him to fuck me.
