 I never said a word.

For a day and a night I worried that Matteo would try to find me, but I hadn't told him where I lived or worked or where I went to school. He didn't know my last name. There was little he could do to reach me, and that much he didn't bother to try. I chalked it up to a serious misunderstanding, a cultural divide, the language barrier, anything not to have to admit the danger I may well have been in.

Still, I laid low for the rest of the week. I went to class with the priests and came straight home after. I spent afternoons studying in the garden. I tried to write about Genova, about the affair that ended my marriage, but writing about it made me raw, and so I wrote letters to Grace instead. She had made up her mind to visit.

"Who's Grace?"

Lost in thought, I hadn't heard Claudio come up the stairs, but I wasn't startled. His voice was unmistakable, his lips warm against my temple.

"You're back!" I cast aside the pages and stood to greet him properly, and, for the first time since that night, I was at ease. Though I'd done my best not to, I had truly missed him. "Tell me everything," I demanded. "How was Prague? How is..."

"Sofia."

"How is Sofia?"

He grinned, likely trying to guess how much I really wanted to know. I wasn't exactly sure myself. "Can we maybe go inside?" he asked, squinting in the sunlight.

He helped me to gather up my things. It was cooler in the flat, in the shade, with the breeze coming through the open doors. We sat at the foot of the bed and he held my hand while he told me, not about Prague, but about a new documentary he might be commissioned to work on. I studied his features while he spoke as though I were determining whether he'd somehow changed in a week's time. Apart from the color in his cheeks, he hadn't. In truth, I wasn't looking for what was different. Rather, I was amused at how familiar he'd become. I wondered if I was being awkward, if I should admit that I'd missed him, if he had missed me, if he were going to say something romantic.

"Vabbe." He wore a serious expression. "Should we get naked?"

I had wasted time worrying that thoughts and memories and visions of the seaside would come rushing back in the moment of truth. They didn't. There was only Claudio. The only thoughts and memories and visions were of the times before, and those were soon overshadowed. He kicked off his sneakers while I undid his belt. My loose-fitting shorts and tank top were on the floor in a matter of seconds. He laughed at my enthusiasm when I crawled over him on the bed. I was laughing, too; at myself, at my own lack of decorum. We should have begun with more of a conversation. I should have offered him a glass of lemonade. He smelled of soap and summer. I breathed him in.

My limbs, wrapped around his, were slippery with sunscreen. We lay side by side, face to face, but we didn't kiss. It was enough to be entwined, to touch, to gaze at each other (perhaps) wondering what the other was thinking. Neither asking. The sun was setting behind the mountain, behind the house, and the sky through the windows turned gold and then lavender as, slowly, we reacquainted. When he pulled me under, something was different. Something had changed, a thing so subtle that it doesn't have a name. He pressed into me, slowly. I tilted my head back against the pillows and sighed. He bent and kissed my throat. When he moved I felt it to the tips of my fingers almost like sleep stealing through my veins, rendering me at peace, suspended on the edge. I pressed toward him, but without the need for more, without the desire to be pushed, to be driven. My arms were around his shoulders. His heart beat against my chest. Slowly, lentamente, he rose above and fell against me. Slowly, lentamente, the fire grew. We watched it like novices in each other's eyes. He was so beautiful. When I came, I closed my eyes. He held me tighter, one hand on the small of my back, and, with a soft moan he followed, shuddering in my arms.

"Love," I thought when he kissed me. Not, "I love you." Not, "We've just made love." Simply "Love."

But I never said a word.

I woke with a start to the bellowing of the Orione, one of the largest of the tourist-laden commuter boats. I'd missed 37 messages from Grace.

"Who's Grace?" he asked again, glimpsing her name on the screen.

I was scrolling through quickly, trying to make sense of the hysteria. "She's my best friend," I mumbled. "She lives in London. She's coming to Como in a couple of weeks, I think."

"And?"

"And she's just caught her girlfriend kissing a man... shit."

"Your best friend is a lesbian?" He sounded like a film noir detective.

"Yes, she is." He got a discernable gleam in his eye. I winked at him. "And, no, we haven't."

"But she'll be single when she gets here."

I couldn't help but laugh. Nor could I help but see the image that flashed through my mind; Grace leaning toward me over a café table in Hamburg, her long hair side swept, her fingers toying with the straw in her glass, he eyes cast down in mock seriousness, her lips parted just before her laughter gives her away. It is one of the few clear images left to me that is not in a photograph. I'd never considered it sensual until that moment.

"Do you need to..."

"Call her?" I put the phone aside. "No. We never speak. I haven't heard her voice since the last time we were together." He was looking at me a certain way. "Don't look at me like that."

"Together?"

"Since the last time I saw her." I rolled my eyes. "Anyway, she's told me not to text. The last message says she'll write to me later."

"Vabbe." He motioned for me to move closer and remarked as to the growing contrast between the brown of my shoulders and the paleness of my breasts. He notices things; my perfume, the color of my nail polish, the pale birthmark on my stomach that looks like a little bird's footprint. Not even I knew it was there. In silence we watched the boats crisscrossing the lake below.

He looked at the clock on his phone. "I have to go to see Ghostbusters in the park tonight with Valeria and a friend of her. Would you like to join?"

"Meet Valeria?"

"If you don't mind to."

"Valeria the architect Valeria?"

He squeezed my hand. Yes, I wanted to meet her. Of course I wanted to meet her. I had been curious about her from the start. I had just never considered meeting her a reality. She was a main character in this story. I had claimed and subsequently begun to realize that I would have something of a substantial role myself. It followed that the two of us would eventually come face to face, but in a later chapter when we were both bringing flowers to the hospital after Claudio survived a cycling accident, perhaps, or at Tribeca during the screening of his sixth documentary. In Paris ten years after the fact might have been nice. Ghostbusters in the park? It was too ordinary, too conceivable, and far too immediate.

"Does she want to meet me?" I asked. "I don't know how this works."

"It works that Valeria is my... problem. If she doesn't want something, she gets upset with me. Not you."

That sounded reasonable. "Can I shower first?"

The movie wasn't for another couple of hours. While I showered, Claudio made a pasta, and over dinner and wine, he told me a little about Prague and about Sofia. It had been good to see her, the weather had been nice, and they'd spent a little time with a friend of his. She had been to Italy to see him months earlier, and he lamented that it was not as easy when she appeared in his everyday life. They met while on holiday and so it was easier to be with her on holiday. I didn't press for details. I wasn't jealous. I was envious that this Sofia got to travel with him and I didn't. When I mentioned this, he smiled. "Be patient," he said. I promised I'd try.

We did the dishes and closed the shutters. Before we got in the car, he gave me a last long kiss, one to fortify me for what I was about to face; one to carry me through. He started the engine and looked at me. I was smiling like an idiot.

"What?"

"I'm going to be crazy about you," I confessed. "I'm not there yet, but it's going to happen."

"Good."

He drove south toward the city and then north on the opposite shore as far as the Villa Geno. We laughed at the characters making their way to the screening. A pretty girl passed us on her bike, and Claudio watched her intently. I was learning that he watches all pretty girls intently. The girl was chaining up her bike near the entrance when we came upon her. She turned and kissed Claudio.

"Ciao," she said to me in a sort of resigned way. "Valeria. Piacere."

"Sono Teresa," I stammered. My hands were in my pockets, and I wouldn't have dared moved to kiss her cheeks. Instead, I simply stood staring while she exchanged words in Italian with Claudio. She is taller than I am, but with a similar build. That is to say, we both have curves. She wore her dark hair in a twist and only a little make-up. She was strikingly attractive nonetheless with a broad mischievous smile and perfectly sculpted brows. Her dark eyes sparkled even as she seemed to complain to him about one thing or another. Her friend was late, I gathered. We should wait before going in and something about the chairs. I noticed the way she said his name, as if everything were somehow his fault. I speculated as to what he'd done to warrant that tone and supposed what he'd done was bring me.

I wondered how many she had known over the years. I wondered how often she was called upon to act congenial toward someone with whom she was sharing him. Did she remember their names? Did she have ways of getting rid of the ones she didn't like? Did she ally herself with any? Listening to her speak, seeing her smile, realizing that men must watch her intently all the time, I had to wonder what it was that kept her tied to Claudio. She loves him and she loves her freedom, he'd explained to me that first afternoon. God bless her.

Claudio and I went in ahead of her, found four beach chairs in a row, took two and staked a claim to the others with a can of insect repellent and my handbag. Valeria and her friend, another woman, appeared just before the film started. I was on one end, Claudio moved to the chair next to mine. I was busy chatting with one of the priests from class, whose messages came through as an unintelligible combination of Brazilian Portuguese and Italian.

"Why do they write you?" Claudio asked.

"Because they worry. They're pretty sure I'm all alone all the time."

"You don't tell them the truth?"

"Ha! What's sacerdotessa?"

"That's the word we reserve for Patty Smith."

"No, I don't tell them the truth. Would you?"

"You shouldn't lie to priests."

"As it stands, I lie to just about everyone but you and Grace and Anni. I don't know how not to."

He ruffled my hair and smiled sympathetically. "How do Grace and Anni react?"

I sent one last text and tucked the phone into my pocket so as not to be rude. "They're really great about it, actually. Surprisingly great." I hadn't stopped to consider this before. "I think they find it entertaining, but they're happy for me." Neither of them had judged or cautioned me or seemed to have been scandalized. They'd simply accepted that I'd made a choice to break the rules.

"You see?" he asked. The lights surrounding us were going out. The film was about to begin. "Not everyone is so easily shocked."

"I'm not telling the priests."

Bill Murray's doppiotore (the Italian actor who dubs his voice) is charismatic. This is what struck me as the funniest thing about a film I hadn't seen in twenty years and had forgotten most of. "That's not how Bill Murray talks," I said at the end. "He's monotone. It's his thing."

Claudio shrugged. It was Valeria who replied. "Yeah, he once said that his doppiotore actually makes him a better actor. But I don't know; it's sort of really annoying that we have to dub all the American films."

"It was great though," I insisted, pitiably thrown by her acknowledgement. "And I understood half of it, at least."

She just smiled and turned back to a conversation with her friend. Claudio, meanwhile, was engrossed in something on his mobile. He looked at me and then said something to Valeria that I didn't understand apart from the word stazione. She shrugged and passed the message along to her friend and the four of us moved toward the exit. "Lucia is arriving," he offered as a translation. "We meet her at the train." Ten minutes later, we had parked beside Lago Nord Station. Valeria and the other woman came up behind us on their bikes.

A girl, a young girl stood on the curb in shorts and a pink t-shirt. She was wearing a backpack.

"Come meet Lucia," Claudio said as he came round to my side of the car.

He kissed her, too. The younger woman from Milan, I realized. Only, she looked to be about fifteen. Her wavy black hair framed her face. She smiled at me in a way so different from the way in which Valeria had; there was something so genuine in her expression. She smiled with her eyes.

"How was the film?" she asked in English. She was talking to all of us. Her accent wasn't Italian.

"It was nice," Valeria replied, lighting a cigarette.

"I'd forgotten most of it," I said.

It was as far as the small talk could really go. "Allora," said Claudio. He was looking at Lucia. "You prefer to go with me to drive Teresa home or you go with the girls?"

"With the girls." She didn't hesitate.

Seeing Valeria and Lucia smile at each other struck me. They were friends. He was sleeping with both of them, had been for years, and they were friends. I wanted that. It wasn't weird or something I had to think about or get used to. I saw it and I wanted it. I got in the car with Claudio and I watched the three women walk up the street, two pushing bicycles and the one with the backpack in the middle. Did she have braces on her teeth? Was she even out of high school? I didn't dare ask. Instead I asked where she was from.

"Who?"

"Lucia."

"Colombia."

We passed along the waterfront. He asked if I had ever seen it without all of the construction fencing.

"Ten years ago."

"Then they started right after you left, and now, for your return, it's going to be finished."

"They're friends," I said.

"Who are friends?"

"Lucia and Valeria."

He shrugged and he smiled at what must have seemed to him my naivety. "Why not?"

"Because you're..."

"It's Lucia." He took his hand out of mine to wave it around as he spoke. Every time he paused, he put it back. "She's so friendly. You have to love her. Even Valeria loves her. At first, no. Valeria didn't want to meet anybody in the beginning. Then Lucia was the right person to be sort of the first to come to the house and everything."

"Do they..."

"Not a chance."

"Just wondering."

At the bottom of the stairs, he put the car in park and pulled me toward him. "Was it okay?" he wanted to know.

"Yes," I answered honestly. "I hadn't expected to meet two of them, but, yes, it was remarkably okay."

"Remarkably okay?"

"Yeah, it doesn't make sense. Don't use it."

"Vabbe. We see each other this week?" I nodded. "I write you tomorrow."

Between kisses, I thanked him for a wonderful evening. I hopped out of the car and started up the steps. Before the first bend in the path, I looked back and saw him watching me. I blew him a kiss and disappeared from his field of view.

"Are you up?"

Grace's message arrived just as I was crawling gratefully into bed. "I'm here," I replied.

"I don't want to keep you. I'm sorry about before. I shouldn't have said anything."

"You alright?"

"Yeah. I mean, we had a major row in public. Not my finest hour. I was angry."

"Of course you were."

"I had no right to be."

"Grace! "

"I fucked up."

"A year ago."

"She's getting out of the shower. I have to go, but I wanted to let you know I'm alright. We're alright. I've booked my ticket. Landing the 20th. I was so excited to tell you earlier."

I wished she could have seen me smile. I wish she could have known how happy that news made me. "Eep!" was a response that I thought might come close to conveying it.

"Must go. Goodnight Carissima."

"Buonanotte."

I lay there in the dark, listening to the water. I was alone. Claudio was with Valeria and Lucia. Grace was with her girlfriend. Tomaso was gone. My marriage was over. The man who inspired me to end it was back with his fiancée. And I was alone. The truth of it sank in like reality does when the house lights come up in a theatre, but I couldn't feel it. It didn't hurt. I didn't cry. I just lay there under the weight of it, marveling at the fact that I could still breathe.

Sleep was slow in coming. When I was perched on the edge of it, something pulled me back. I had grown so accustomed to the silence of the village at night that the slightest sound could wake me. I'd left the French doors open. There were footsteps on the stairs just outside. No one had need of those stairs save for me and the old man who lived in the flat above mine. I held my breath.

There was a knock at the door, a single rap that was hard enough to push it on its hinges.

"Hello?"

I knew the voice. "Leo?"

"You don't lock your door?"

I pushed off the covers and met in him in the bedroom doorway. "No one comes up here. What the hell?"

"What the hell?" he mocked me, taking off his smanicato (which is a word far preferable to puff vest) and then his button down. He threw them over the back of a kitchen chair, and leaned down to kiss me.

I laughed. I was exhausted and relieved and mildly disturbed at the scene unfolding in front of me. He'd clearly turned up unannounced in the middle of the night for one reason. "Is this a..."

His t-shirt was halfway up and his ridiculous muscles revealed when he paused and covered his mouth with one hand as though he were embarrassed. "Do you want to make tea first?" he asked.

"No."

The t-shirt was added to the heap. "I was in the area," he explained. He took the ponytail holder out of the knot in my hair and ran his fingers through, subduing me.

"What area?" I sighed.

"At the Aeroclub with the co-captain."

"Drinking?"

"Oh, yes, drinking."

He was being sarcastic, I knew. He doesn't drink. "And you just thought, 'I'm not so tired. Before I head home, think I'll go seduce that American who lives up the road.'"

"Why not?"

"Infatti." I was wearing a short, backless sleepshirt. He didn't bother taking it off before he lifted me up and set me on the end of the kitchen table. "This again?" I asked.

"Shhh..." He deftly maneuvered my panties out from under me. "I like this table."

As the light was off this time, I thought I'd let him have his fun. We were kissing. My hands worked at his belt and then his shorts, sliding them down over his ass. He was rock hard in my hands and inches from what he'd come for, but it could wait. His fingers were in my hair, his mouth pressed to mine. There is a certain stoicism to the way Leo makes love; he's powerful, purposeful and silent. But he kisses like a libertine.

The table, which I think is centuries old, a museum piece perhaps, groaned under the weight of me as he lay me down and then pulled me toward the edge. "Careful," I giggled.

He held up a square blue packet as proof his carefulness. "I want to turn up the light."

"No. It feels enough like a medical exam as it is."

"Interesting doctors you have in America."

He lifted my shirt, but just far enough that he could admire my breasts, and he did, with his hands, his tongue, his slightly crass words. There seemed always to be this atmosphere surrounding us. We could laugh and joke and poke fun at one another easily. But when he leaned over me, when his eyes were looking into mine, that atmosphere shifted. His lips brushed my cheek. "Hold on," he whispered in my ear. I wrapped my legs around his waist, my fingers around his wrists where he held onto the table. He entered my body with a sigh and was still for a moment. I was in awe as I was the first time by how perfectly he fit.
