 November arrived.

I learned years ago, during a language course in Florence, that when an Italian asks, "Di che segno sei?", the question is not to be interpreted as a tired pick-up line. While relegated to the back page of American newspapers and read primarily by waitresses in truck-stop diners, daily horoscopes, a treasured remnant of paganism in a Catholic land, are as ubiquitous and as unavoidable in Italy as the smell of coffee or the sound of church bells. They're displayed on large LED screens in the Metro stations of Milan. They appear on the morning news, every ten minutes or so, between the weather and traffic reports. It takes a concerted effort (or ignorance of the language) not to know what the stars have in store for one on any given day. No Italian I've ever met admits to believing in the fortunetelling aspect of astrology. But there's more to the question of one's sign.

I was first asked by a colleague in Florence when I was in my twenties. We'd only just met. The two of us were working on a translation project for a museum, and he posed the question as we were exploring the first of a dozen galleries. I'm a Sagittarius. He was absolutely delighted, and embarked on a discussion with me, the likes of which I've not had since. While we took decreasingly detailed notes on the other eleven galleries, we talked about our passions and the need to travel, a fear of permanence, how our parents worried that we would never make anything of ourselves because we were too flighty, because we were dreamers. We both had the ability (the mad tendency) to fall in love dauntlessly and repeatedly and never for very long. He was a Sagittarius, too.

So is Valeria. Claudio, Leo, Lucia and Sofia are Scorpios. All of us were born in November.

I won't admit to believing in astrology, but I do admit that I've begun asking people their signs.

In any case, November was a series of celebrations. Separate celebrations. Sofia was in Russia for her birthday. Leo's cousin took him to a racetrack or some such thing. I don't recall. Lucia celebrated with her colleagues at the university. Valeria and a close friend were both turning thirty and so had a house party together to which I (naturally) was not invited. Claudio celebrated his birthday with Valeria. I celebrated mine with Claudio.

I cooked. He arrived at 8 with a bottle of wine and his guitar, and he complimented me on my attire. I laughed. I wore a vintage Chicago Cubs t-shirt, jeans and a new pair of boots and my hair pulled back. I'd have changed before his arrival, but dinner had taken longer to prepare than anticipated. He kissed my lips and then my neck and assured me that he was not disappointed.

The situation with Lucia seemed to be improving, he told me over veal marsala. She had written a letter to him while he was away, asking for space, for understanding, for time apart in which she could try to determine what it was she wanted from their relationship. They'd been seeing one another for three years, and she wasn't sure it was healthy anymore. At twenty-four, she thought maybe she should start looking for something a little more conventional.

"But we were in the room for five minutes together, and already she was holding my hand."

"Do you think she's changed her mind?"

"She's very difficult to read, actually. Maybe a little fucked in the head. She sometimes tries to break completely, and then the next time we see each other, she is very sexual."

"You can't be friends?" I wasn't pressing the issue out of jealousy. I simply remembered being twenty-four and lost in the desires of a man, measuring my own worth and my own sense of satisfaction against whether or not he was satisfied. And Claudio, at that moment, was looking particularly satisfied.

"Of course I would rather be friends than to not have her in my life," he said, "but it's hard to imagine not to have the intimacy that's there."

I wanted to warn him against being selfish. I wanted to push back and defend Lucia, my former self, against the man who was too selfish to let me go. Lucia would never have seen it that way, and so I nodded and sipped my wine.

Sofia's impending visit had Valeria on edge. He blamed it on the fact that her luck with men is fleeting at best. "She's very picky about them to start," he lamented, "And then she is living with me, so, often it's a problem." He shook his head. "But sometimes she feels bad because I am with you or with Lucia."

"And now Sofia."

"Eh, infatti."

"She puts up with a lot, you know. I don't think you realize how lucky you are that she sticks around."

He smiled at that, took my hand and led me from the table to the sofa. He put an arm around me and held me close while we finished our wine. "Valeria likes our situation when things are going well for her. And when they're not," he shrugged, "that's difficult for both of us. I know I should be there for her..."

"But you're not."

"No," he said, "I'm here with you."

I appreciated that for a silent moment, and then I thought to ask, "Do you speak to each of us about the others?"

He set down his glass and took up the guitar. Having contemplated for a good thirty seconds, he decided that the answer was no. "I talk the most with you."

I was more than a little flattered at this revelation. "I'm like the mistress," I told him with a smile.

"You're not the mistress."

"I'm the one you tell things to. I'm the mistress. I know all about your wife. You're wives. But they don't know about me."

"You want to be the mistress?"

"It's a role I seem rather well suited to, don't you think?"

Satisfied that the tension in the strings was as it should be, he strummed the first chords of our Joni Mitchell song. I hadn't sung it in ages. I got up off the couch and brought out a kitchen chair so that I could sit up straighter. The first few notes were a little cracked, but I found my way by the third line. "Oh, I hate you so. I hate you so. I love you so. Oh, I love you when I forget about me."

This is where we are our best together, Claudio and I, apart from in bed. We thrive in the other's company as artists, writers, musicians, our creative selves. I belted out the notes on key, isolated as we were in the tiny house in the garden. He played with abandon and when the song ended, he set aside the instrument and pulled me into his arms. "You are so warm tonight," he told me. "Your voice, your attitude..." He traced the plunging neckline of my t-shirt. "This," he whispered.

I wrapped my arms around him, and taking full advantage of the fact that it was my birthday and that I could therefore do as I pleased, I up and told him I loved him.

His eyes sparkled. He smiled. He kissed me. A lot.

"You knew!" I was incredulous.

"Yeah," he admitted.

"Since when?"

"Since the day on the steps of the opera house when you told me you didn't want to be just another of my lovers."

"That was a long time ago!" I laughed. "You knew before I did."

"Maybe, yes." He held my face in his hands, looked into my eyes and said nothing more. And I think I expected that. To admit to loving someone is not as easily done in Italian as in English, and it's difficult enough in English. Instead, he held my gaze until I knew that he knew that I'd given him something meaningful. Then his mouth was on mine, and the warmth between us grew suddenly hotter. He stood and pulled me to my feet. I moved toward the stairs, but he grabbed my wrist and spun me around so that I was facing the wall over the sofa. From behind, he tore off my t-shirt and then my bra. He was hurried, rough, startlingly out of character. When he had my jeans unbuttoned and unzipped, he shoved me forward so that I was bent over in front of him. I still had my shoes on, and so my pants were around my ankles when she slammed into me. I gasped. He made a sound almost like he was in pain. He stopped.

"Are you alright?"

I nodded. My mind was racing. We'd seamlessly gone from confidential to flirtatious to enamored to sentimental to utterly primal in less than ten minutes. I didn't know whether to tell him to make love to me or beg him to fuck me. He moved slowly at first, his fingers drawing deep lines in my back. In spite of the cold, my skin was slick with sweat. I wanted to get out of my shoes, to disentangle myself from my clothes so that I could kneel in front of him, but there was something about being constricted, restrained in this small way. His hands moved to my waist and he moved my body in rhythm with his own, fucking me harder than before, until I was pleading for release.

"Not yet," he taunted me. He pulled out and I nearly collapsed beneath him. I turned around to face him, to watch him undress. I worked the zippers on my boots, and had one off by the time he leaned down, but the zipper on the other was stuck. I pulled one ankle free before he lifted me up. We'd cleared the dishes. All that remained on the kitchen table was half of a bottle of wine. He moved it aside and laid me down. "I'm going to watch you," he told me. I must have given him a questioning look. He slipped inside and my back arched against the hard surface. He leaned down and kissed my neck. "I'm going to watch you come."

I closed my eyes and let my knees fall open. He pulled my body closer to the edge. He didn't want me to try, to please him, to make a show of it. He wanted to see it happen. "Okay," I whispered, willing my body to relax. One of his hands was on my waist, the other gently wrapped around my throat. I focused on the pressure of his body, on the steadiness of his breathing, on his impossibly long cock filling me.

"Show me," he said.

I had one arm extended over my head, my hand bracing my body against the wall. I reached down with the other and rubbed my clit in a rhythm that matched his. My body burned slowly, endlessly, the pleasure coming through in darkening waves. "Yes," I whispered when they began to break. I was trembling. "Don't let go," I begged. He tightened his grip ever so slightly around my neck, but kept the same rhythm.

A sob broke from my chest when it happened. My muscles gripped his cock, and he wailed, but he was watching me. I opened my eyes to see him, the hint of a smile on his lips, his eyes glazed with pleasure. While I shook and recovered, he watched intently. Almost as if he had nothing to do with it at all.

"Now you," I breathed. But he shook his head.

"Upstairs."

I shook my still captured ankle at him, and he wrestled with the zipper until I was free. I thanked him when my jeans finally fell into little heap on the kitchen floor. He wanted to know why I was wearing shoes in my own house. Apparently, this is not customary behavior in Italy.

"Because of the scorpions," I told him. He nodded indulgently. I know that he, like everyone else, believes that the very real black scorpions that inhabit my personal space are figments of my imagination.

He helped me down from the table, and I climbed up the stairs, the muscles in my legs threatening to give. I lay down in the bed, and he stood over me, a crooked smile on his lips.

"What?" I asked.

He fell on me. With his chest pressed to mine, he slipped inside of me once more. I was still tender and let him know it by the pitch of my voice. He was undeterred, and soon the tenderness was gone and I was building toward another climax. He continued to be rough with me. I responded in kind until I couldn't take it anymore. I was going to be in pain if he didn't stop. If he didn't finish. I held on tight and begged him to come. When he did, he swore, and he gripped me so powerfully that I thought he might leave bruises. I didn't mind.

We both lay there in the silence that surrounds the little house at night. There was no one around to wake with our cries. If there had been, we surely would have woken them.

"Will you stay?" I asked when I'd regained some semblance of composure. I hated hearing him tell me no, but I couldn't help but hope. He pulled me close and kissed my forehead; a precursor I knew well to "no."

"Tonight, yes," he said. "Valeria knows it's your birthday."

"I'll write her a thank you note in the morning," I said.

I brushed my teeth and washed my face. I came back upstairs and kicked off my pantofole.

"You don't protect yourself so well," he said, when I snuggled up close to him.

"From what?"

He wrapped an arm around my bare waist and pulled me closer. "Gli scorpioni," he said. "You kill us in the shower, but then let us into your bed."

"Eh," I said. "Infatti."