 My first autumn in Como came and went. On the day I finally received word from Rome that my student's stay permit had been granted, I said goodbye to my rooms in the village and moved to the little house in the garden of the villa where I invariably slept alone. Valeria's installing me a ten-minute walk up the street wasn't as altruistic a gesture as it had initially seemed. She'd left Claudio with absolutely no conceivable excuse as to why he might have to stay the night. In any case, he went away for several weeks to cycle in Greece with a couple of friends. He met up with Valeria and with his Australian lover along the way. Meanwhile, I hosted friends from Germany and Slovenia, finished my studies at the Italian school and took to teaching twenty-five hours per week. The schedule gave me enough to live on and time to write.

Meanwhile, the airline moved Leo to Samoa for three months. Valerios and I met half a dozen times for dinner, drinks and sleepovers in Milan. He hadn't been blowing smoke when he claimed to be a very busy man. Tomaso was gone. Again. Still. Grace's studies at the university were in full swing. Anni was starting a new job. I was lonely.

But, apart from striking up conversations with complete strangers now and again, I tried to embrace the calm. I had three men in my life: one to inspire me creatively, one to make me laugh, and one to spoil me with sweet talk and expensive wine. All three are intelligent and articulate in their second language, which meant that my progress in Italian was more or less suspended, but no matter. I was sexually, emotionally, and intellectually satisfied, and yet, my life was my own. It sounds strange. I was maintaining, even cultivating three relationships at once, but none of them consumed me. It wasn't as if I had three boyfriends. This was a distinction I had to make often for the benefit of the cynics and skeptics (namely any friend who dared ask about my love life). Boyfriends make demands. They come with rules and expectations, and they have a tedious habit of becoming territorial. And exclusivity, for lack of a better term, leans toward the future. With boyfriends, I was always treading carefully toward some desired but hazy objective. At seventeen, I knew exactly what that was. At 25, I had a general plan. At 32, I was left with sort of an idea. For the first time, I was admitting that I didn't know what I wanted, and so I was content not to move stolidly in a direction that might well prove to have been the wrong one. Rather, for once, I was engaging fearlessly with the present. And why not? I had my independence, after all. I had work. I had love. The rest of my life would fall into place eventually.

About that time I started receiving messages from the man I still referred to as my husband. I'd been apart from him for five months. He wasn't angry anymore. He wasn't angry because he had no idea of the extent to which I'd gone to break away from him. He believed I'd lied to him; gone to a hotel in Minneapolis, been rescued in time by my conscience and returned home unscathed. He thought I'd posed naked for a series of tasteful black and white photos and thereby gotten the need to 'reclaim my sexuality' out of my system. I didn't see any point in telling him the truth. It would only have served to hurt him, and I'd deprived him of any means by which to reciprocate.

He was sorry, he said, for never having had faith enough in me. Oh, the irony. For years he'd doubted, loudly and repeatedly, that I could make a life for myself in Europe. I argued that he'd done something similar. He'd left Mexico at fourteen with dollar bills sewn into the waistband of his jeans and the phone number of an uncle he could call when he reached Tucson. He'd had no one to accompany him, no plan, no knowledge of English, no real connections. Ah, but his life back home had been difficult. Back home, he would have grown up poor, uneducated and unhappy. He had had real reasons to leave. Me? In Chicago, the way he saw it, I had a good life; a steady job I didn't hate, a beautiful apartment filled with books and kitchen appliances and throw pillows, a man who indulged my unfortunate writing habit and who loved me for someone he thought I was, someone who, in the end, I wasn't. I could have had a house in the suburbs and one in Mexico, a car to drive and a closet filled with pretty dresses, but I'd insisted on giving all of that up for some fantasy. It was madness.

No, it was just a matter of perspective, really.

He asked if he could come to visit me. I told him he couldn't. He asked if we were ever going to be together again. I told him we weren't. He asked if I still loved him. I told him I didn't really know and that it didn't matter anyway on account of I was never going home.

On a crisp Sunday morning, late in October, I woke to a message from Claudio. He was waiting at the gate. Damn him for assuming I'd be alone. Damn him for being right. I didn't care. He was finally home. I slipped on a pair of jeans, and went down the hill to let him in. He wore the vintage jacket he'd had on the night we met, a white scarf and a yellow sweater. He needed a haircut, badly, but I could overlook that. In the weeks past, we'd corresponded very little, and I'd tried desperately not to pine for him. I thought I'd been successful, but then the gate was unlatched and he swept me up in his arms. The words were out, and they were honest.

"God, I missed you."

He took my hand and led me back up to the house.

"Eh, you were asleep," he noted once we were inside. He realized only then that my hair was a mess and that I didn't taste like coffee. "But you're always awake early. Are you sick?"

"A little," I said.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm not sure." I was surer than I let on. I'd almost certainly caught something from Valerios, something annoying that made parts of me itch and my skin feel clammy. Add to that the bed head and the fact that I hadn't yet brushed my teeth, I wasn't feeling terribly sexy.

Claudio drew me in, held me, comforted me. "Poor Teresa..."

"No, I'm okay. Really." I stood back from him so that I could see his face. It's a good face. "Just..." I gestured toward the bathroom, "Give me ten minutes?"

He isn't at all bothered by the absence of makeup or the presence of stubble, but he knows that I am, and so he just smiled. "Go, and I'll make us some tea, yes?"

"That would be lovely."

I emerged from the bathroom fifteen minutes later. My legs were smooth, my teeth were clean and I'd put on a little mascara. I still felt off, but less so. Claudio wasn't in the kitchen. I climbed the stairs to the bedroom with my wet hair in a knot atop my head and a towel wrapped around my frame. He had taken off his jacket, scarf and shoes and was sitting on the edge of my unmade bed. Two steaming mugs were on the nightstand. I stood in front of him, my back to the window, and he wrapped his arms around me.

"Feel better?" he asked.

"A bit."

"Good." He plucked the corner of the towel where I'd secured it and let the thing fall to the floor around my ankles. He ran his hands over the curves of my shoulders, my breasts, my waist, my hips, recommitting the shapes to his memory. I leaned toward him and he took my nipple gently between his teeth. I shuddered. "Let's make love," he whispered, looking up into my eyes.

I wrinkled my brow. I didn't know if I could.

Reading me well, he explained, "There are many ways to make love."

"Oh?"

"Si."

He slid one hand along my inner thigh. The other cupped my breast as he teased my nipple with his tongue. I melted. He was so painfully gentle with me; not at all like Valerios. I'd missed his touch. I'd missed his agonizing form of worship. He dipped one finger into my pussy, just barely.

"You're so wet," he murmured.

"The shower," I murmured back.

He withdrew, and with his finger now slick with the evidence of my arousal, he traced tiny circles slowly around my clit. The rhythm, the lightness of his touch put me in a sort of trance. When he persisted, I began to falter in his grasp, clutching at his shoulders to steady myself. I was going to come. Without his cock or his tongue; just one, delicately-placed fingertip, I was going to come. "You're amazing," he said. He really did seem to be in awe. I closed my eyes, let my head roll back. I felt the pressure building, and I simply let it build.

"Me?"

He kissed my belly, and then whispered my name, and the sunlight on the bed grew dim. I swore through clenched teeth. I thought I might fall, but his arm was around me, his cheek was against my chest. He held still. Held me still, and I cried out when it hit me, cried out as if he'd just saved me from the brink of some dire fate, my voice weak and weary and filled with gratitude beyond words. And as my vision returned, I felt the evidence that I had not just faked a devastating orgasm dripping down my thigh. Before he could notice, I bent to retrieve my towel, but I wasn't quick enough. He'd seen.

"No, don't," he pleaded.

I grinned sleepily and proceeded to wrap the towel around myself. "Get undressed," I instructed him.

He pulled off his sweater while I unbuckled his belt. "But why?" He was indicating the towel, my covering myself again.

"Because I love it when I'm naked and you're fully clothed. Makes me feel vulnerable."

He raised his eyebrows. "And?"

"And when you're naked, and I'm not," I bit my lip, "I'm totally in control."

"I thought so."

He lay back on the twisted sheets and raised his hips so that I could get his pants off of him. We'd been sleeping together for months. Still, I was both thrilled and frightened at the sight of him. I took him in the way he had me; his hands, his shoulders, the flower tattoo on his chest that had been so new before he left that I'd forgotten about it altogether. Now it had healed and it suited him. I traced the curved stems with my fingers.

And then I knelt low on the bed between his knees.

I don't know when I began to recognize what I felt for Claudio as love. Certainly long before I uttered the words, but how long before, I couldn't say. That morning he returned from Greece, I know that I was nearly overcome with emotion. We hadn't been apart so long since the night we met, and his absence had affected me, profoundly in fact, but I hadn't realized it until he was there, in front of me. When he'd come back from Prague, I'd been happy to see him, and something had certainly changed between us then, but now, looking at him looking up at me, I almost felt the urge to weep. Instead, I leaned over him, touched my forehead to his and closed my eyes. Then my mouth was on his. He must have understood. He turned on his side, and the kiss deepened. His hand was at the back of my neck, gently, insistently. The towel came loose and I was naked in his arms, but our bodies were of little consequence. We held entire histories of devotion between our lips.

There are many ways to make love.

We lay entwined for a time. He told me a little of his travels. While camping with his Australian lover, their tent had nearly been trampled by a horse. He'd received a job offer two weeks in to teach at a catholic high school. He'd declined. A cryptic letter from Lucia had cast a shadow over Crete.

When he passed me my tea, he noticed that my hands were trembling and damp. He looked me over, pressed the back of his hand to my cheek.

"You have febbre," he declared.

I shrugged. "I feel okay."

"Yes, but you're not."

I waited for him to diagnose me with cervicale or colpa d'aria. The latter literally translates "air strike." Both ailments are caused by a draft and are endemic to Italy. I believe they are characterized by different symptoms. According to Anni, both are as deadly as they are fictional. Claudio mentioned neither. Instead, he insisted that I call a doctor.

"It's Sunday."

"Farmacia then."

"It's Sunday."

"There is always one open. It's posted in the windows of all the others." He began to dress. I really didn't feel like going anywhere, not even if it meant feeling better. Then again, I knew that it didn't mean that at all.

"I know what it is," I confessed. "It's nothing to worry about. I get these little infections from time to time. They're uncomfortable, but I have pain killers and a tea that my friend brought from Slovenia. I just have to suffer through it."

"Your friend from Slovenia? That crazy woman?"

"She's used to be a nurse."

"For dogs and cats." He looked out the window. I could see he had it in his head to help me, but I knew that Sunday would make helping me all but impossible. "No more tea," he ordered. "It's for sure illegal."

I got dressed and followed him reluctantly out of the house. At the foot of the mountain, he sent me in the direction of the nearest pharmacy. Meanwhile, he went back to his place to search Valeria's medicine cabinet for something useful (and legal).

He came up empty, and I discovered that the nearest open pharmacy was two train stops from the city. Naturally, he offered to drive, but I assured him I'd do well to simply relax. While I enjoyed the sofa, he prepared lunch.

"Did you see Sofia on this trip?" I shouted over the sizzling of vegetables.

"Sofia? No. Funny you should mention her."

"Why?"

"Because I was speaking with her just yesterday, and she is coming to visit for two weeks in December."

"Two weeks?"

"Yeah, well, she'll stay in the city center. Valeria would kill somebody otherwise. Most probably me."

The aroma of risotto with shallots and green pepper enticed me from the living room. I took the dishes he'd set on the counter and arranged them on the table while we spoke.

"I thought you said you don't like it when she's here."

"Well, I don't prefer it, but I can't tell her she can't come."

I suspected that he could, in fact, tell her she couldn't come, but I didn't force the issue. "So, December."

"Si." He served the rice. I poured the water and he the wine. We touched glasses. "Anyway," he continued, "Sofia..."

"Sofia..." I wasn't looking forward to December. Another woman who existed as a phantom in my head would be brought to life in December. And for two weeks, Claudio's time and energy would be divided four ways instead of three.

"She's curious about women," he said.

"So? Every woman is curious about women."

"Not every woman."

I shrugged. I watched him weigh his next words. "What?" I already knew what.

"Is it okay if I tell her about you?"

I sipped my wine pointedly. "My guess is you've already told her about me."

He didn't bother denying it. Instead, he gave me a practiced look, a look that likely got him out of trouble time and again when he was a little boy.

"What did she say?" I asked.

"Nothing. I once gave her the name of the girl I know in Milan, but she didn't... I don't know. She's weird."

"Who's weird?"

He contemplated the ceiling. "Eh, both. But you're... wiser."

"You mean older. Nice catch."

He reached across the table and touched my hand. "Wiser," he said again. "Can she talk to you?"

"Of course she can talk to me."

I'm certain he had hopes -- and probably a few detailed fantasies -- that we would do more than talk, but I'd never met Sofia. I'd never even seen a picture of her. I wasn't about to feed the flames burning in his imagination.

I had to teach that afternoon via Skype, and so I made my way home after lunch and a cuddle that was meant to fortify my constitution. I think it did, but then, my feeling better might have had more to do with his being home in general or with having had a home-cooked meal. Maybe it was the Slovenian narcotics I steeped and drank as soon as I was without supervision.

November arrived.

I learned years ago, during a language course in Florence, that when an Italian asks, "Di che segno sei?", the question is not to be interpreted as a tired pick-up line. While relegated to the back page of American newspapers and read primarily by waitresses in truck-stop diners, daily horoscopes, a treasured remnant of paganism in a Catholic land, are as ubiquitous and as unavoidable in Italy as the smell of coffee or the sound of church bells. They're displayed on large LED screens in the Metro stations of Milan. They appear on the morning news, every ten minutes or so, between the weather and traffic reports. It takes a concerted effort (or ignorance of the language) not to know what the stars have in store for one on any given day. No Italian I've ever met admits to believing in the fortunetelling aspect of astrology. But there's more to the question of one's sign.

I was first asked by a colleague in Florence when I was in my twenties. We'd only just met. The two of us were working on a translation project for a museum, and he posed the question as we were exploring the first of a dozen galleries. I'm a Sagittarius. He was absolutely delighted, and embarked on a discussion with me, the likes of which I've not had since. While we took decreasingly detailed notes on the other eleven galleries, we talked about our passions and the need to travel, a fear of permanence, how our parents worried that we would never make anything of ourselves because we were too flighty, because we were dreamers. We both had the ability (the mad tendency) to fall in love dauntlessly and repeatedly and never for very long. He was a Sagittarius, too.

So is Valeria. Claudio, Leo, Lucia and Sofia are Scorpios. All of us were born in November.

I won't admit to believing in astrology, but I do admit that I've begun asking people their signs.

In any case, November was a series of celebrations. Separate celebrations. Sofia was in Russia for her birthday. Leo's cousin took him to a racetrack or some such thing. I don't recall. Lucia celebrated with her colleagues at the university. Valeria and a close friend were both turning thirty and so had a house party together to which I (naturally) was not invited. Claudio celebrated his birthday with Valeria. I celebrated mine with Claudio.

I cooked. He arrived at 8 with a bottle of wine and his guitar, and he complimented me on my attire. I laughed. I wore a vintage Chicago Cubs t-shirt, jeans and tennis shoes and my hair pulled back. I'd have changed before his arrival, but dinner had taken longer to prepare than anticipated. He kissed my lips and then my neck and assured me that he was not disappointed.

The situation with Lucia seemed to be improving, he told me over veal marsala. She had written a letter to him while he was away, asking for space, for understanding, for time apart in which she could try to determine what it was she wanted from their relationship. They'd been seeing one another for three years, and she wasn't sure it was healthy anymore. At twenty-four, she thought maybe she should start looking for something a little more conventional.

"But we were in the room for five minutes together, and already she was holding my hand."

"Do you think she's changed her mind?"

"She's very difficult to read, actually. Maybe a little fucked in the head. She sometimes tries to break completely, and then the next time we see each other, she is very sexual."

"You can't be friends?" I wasn't pressing the issue out of jealousy. I simply remembered being twenty-four and lost in the desires of a man, measuring my own worth and my own sense of satisfaction against whether or not he was satisfied. And Claudio, at that moment, was looking particularly satisfied.

"Of course I would rather be friends than to not have her in my life," he said, "but it's hard to imagine not to have the intimacy that's there."

I wanted to warn him against being selfish. I wanted to push back and defend Lucia, my former self, against the man who was too selfish to let me go. Lucia would never have seen it that way, and so I nodded and sipped my wine.
