 A few years ago, I found myself lusting after my Spanish teacher. He was young and fairly handsome.

In hindsight, we had been flirting for months, but at the time I just thought he was nice to me because I was a good student. I enjoyed his lessons and was good at the language.

After a few months of veiled flirting, I started staying late after class for extra help, after he would drive me home.

We both knew it was slightly inappropriate but it was fun and secret. He would always make extra time for me and he made me feel special. 

I started going to his class with no panties on, pulling my skirt up so it was shorter or unbuttoning my shirt a little bit more. I knew he was watching me, noticing the show I was putting on in plain sight. 

 One day, he asked me to stay after class, his voice was stern and I worried I was actually in trouble. Maybe I misconstrued his kindness...

He waited until everyone had left to call me over to his desk. I walked slowly to it, nervous.

'I've noticed your uniform isn't quite complying with the dress code anymore. Your shirt needs to be buttoned and your tie needs to be tied properly. Your skirt is much too short. If you can't dress appropriately, I'll have to give you a detention.'

I couldn't hide the disappointment on my face.

'Yes sir, sorry' I mumbled. I turned around to leave and knocked the pen holder off his desk. I mumbled another apology as I bent down to pick them up. I forgot I wasn't wearing panties as I grabbed all the pens off the floor, my skirt rising up.

I stood up and apologised again, he looked so mad with me. I turned to go and he grabbed my arm, pulling me to him. He clasped my face and kissed me hard, aggressively. 

His hands found my shirt and quickly unbuttoned it, he unclasped my bra and both fell to the floor. He moaned softly into my mouth as his big hands caressed my perky round tits. His tongue exploring my mouth while his hands explored my body.

He kissed me deeper as he pulled my skirt down, letting it drop to the ground. His hands slid down to my bare ass, grabbing and squeezing it. I started to moan loudly, my arousal very apparent. 

He broke our kiss as he pushed my down on to his desk and ran his fingers across my glistening pussy. My body twitched at his touch. He unzipped his trousers and pulled the down, his large thick cock springing out. I was surprised at the size and knew it would hurt. He pushed me down on to the desk and spread my legs, I braced myself as he rubbed the tip of his large 8inch member on my tight little pussy. He grabbed my hips and pulled me to him as he thrust into me. I cried out as he forced his thickness into my tight hole.

'So fucking good.' He grunted as he he thrust into me again. Sharp pain shortly turned to pleasure as he held my hips, fucking me harder. 

My breathing hitched, turning rapid and shallow and I felt my dripping pussy tighten around his cock. I moaned louder, gripping the desk – I came hard, crying out, my juices gushing out of me and on to him.

'Turn over.' he ordered in a deep, harsh voice. I slid off the desk and turned around, leaning over his desk now, my bare ass inches away from his cock. He spread my ass cheeks as he pushed back into my dripping cunt, his thumb found my tiny tight asshole and started to rub. I moaned louder, close again as he pounded me against the desk, rubbing my ass. 

He didn't last long that first time, a few more thrusts and I came again, screaming out as he pushed harder on my ass, he grabbed my hips and started to moan himself, he pulled out and shot his hot thick load all over my ass, coating it in thick gloopy ropes of cum. 

When he finally released me, he reached into a draw and handed me some tissues to clean myself up with. He redressed and I fixed my uniform, 

'Sir, I'll try to dress more appropriately next time, I've learned my lesson.' I said sweetly, looking up at him. 

'Let me know if you need any after-school help tomorrow.' he replied, his hand back up my skirt as I walked towards the door.

'Yes sir!' I giggled, walking off.