 "Are you coming out with us tonight?" asked Jenny, the buxom blonde woman who worked in the cubicle next to mine. 

"We're all going to the bar for a few drinks."

"I don't know Jenny... it forecasted rain tonight, and—"

"Oh come on Laura! You never come with us! It'll only be a few drinks." Jenny tried to persuade me. 

I felt reluctant, but she had a point -- I had never been out with the people from work. They would always come into the office the next morning still laughing and joking, and the truth is that I've always been a little jealous. But I've never had the courage to go. All my life I've been referred to as 'socially awkward' and I guess it's not a lie. 

There was another reason for my jealousy, and that had to do with Will. I've got one of those silly crushes on the guy. It's not like I haven't had relationships in the past -- and yet every time he passes me my heart starts to beat a little bit faster. If he says hi I manage to respond with a shy smile, rushing past him before he sees my blush.

I suppose everyone else in the office knows. God, I hope he doesn't know too.

But today, well I was feeling a little more confident than usual, I had just had my hair done -- a deep shiny red that contrasted nicely with my blue eyes -- and I was wearing my new black dress that clung to my hips in a subtly provocative manner. I had carried out in my head an encounter with Will in front of my mirror this morning, and didn't feel as juvenile or pathetic as I usually did. I don't know -- maybe my stars were aligning. But this time I actually wanted to go. I had already decided to go.

"Okay Jenny. There's gotta be a first for everything, I'll come."

As Jenny drove me to the bar I stared out the passenger window. I couldn't stop thinking about Will. The way his dark curly hair always seemed perfectly untidy, his dark, dark brown eyes that almost looked black, and the way his broad shoulders tapered down to a narrow waist and gorgeous ass. I loved to walk behind him and watch the way his muscular back moved beneath his shirt. Every day I look forward to seeing him -- it's the best part of going to work. And now that I had climbed out onto a social limb, I hoped he would be there so it wasn't all in vain. I know that he usually goes to the work outings, but I was paranoid and my brain was only too happy to think up reasons why he wouldn't be there. 

As we pulled into the park out the front, I spotted Will talking and laughing to a couple of other guys through the window. I breathed a sigh of both relief and apprehension. I checked my reflection in the mirror quickly to see if my lipstick wasn't smudged, and caught the look of fear in my eyes. I told myself not be stupid and got out of the car.

Just before we walked through the door Jenny paused, turned to me and gave me a wink.

"Good luck, Laura" she said with a smile.

I frowned, and followed behind Jenny into the bar area. One of the men had gone somewhere, but Will and his friend Greg were still sitting on the bar stools. Greg and Jenny used to date, and sometimes still got together for a night of fun once in a while. 

"Hey boys" Jenny sauntered past Will and sat down on the bar stool next to Greg with her arm resting on his shoulder. "Buy me a drink, Greg darling, and one for Laura too."

Greg had been too preoccupied with Jenny to see me slide in behind her, and Will was facing away from the door. 

"I'll buy you a drink Laura." At the mention of my name Will had turned to me and smiled, immediately turning my insides to jelly. 

"No, no it's okay" I stammered at the back of his stool, "I've got some money..."

I walked past him and Greg and waited to be served at the bar. God I am such an idiot. I should have smiled and said yes thankyou and battered my eyelashes. Well I guess it's too late for that now.

He sidled in beside me -- almost giving me a heart attack.

"No, please. It's my treat." 

I looked up into his eyes -- his face was close to mine. I've never been so close to him, I can feel his body heat along my body. His eyes were piercing into my own, his lips were moving, the corner of his mouth sliding up into a smile, the stubble on his cheeks that gave him that rugged, edgy look.... His lips were moving! Oh God I think he asked me something, and here I am daydreaming into his eyes!

"Sorry?" I abruptly came out of my reverie.

"I said: What would you like to drink?" he was still smiling, but his head now leant over on an angle. He was examining me. 

It was disconcerting.

"Oh, I'll have a vodka, lime and soda, thanks." I muttered to the bar mat. My face must be as red as a tomato. Not a good look.

Just as my drink was handed to me another group of colleagues came through the door. One girl called out to Will and waved. As soon as his attention was diverted I slipped through the door that led outside to the bathroom. I rushed into the ladies and stood looking at my reflection. Yes, my blush was as bad as I thought it would be. I'll just have a bit more of my drink and hopefully calm down a little.

I look down into my glass and find it empty. I decide to sneak out into the courtyard section of the bar and order myself another vodka, lime and soda. I can see Will still standing inside, talking to that girl. What's her name? Amy. Ugh. I feel a rush of irrational loathing build up in me for the girl. I down the next drink almost as quickly as the first. The heat in my cheeks has subsided, but the heat in my body has risen. I think it's time to go back inside.

Back at the bar -- where there are considerably more people than when I left 10 minutes ago -- there is a line of shots. Jenny sees me walk in and quickly rushes to my side. She grabs my elbow and tugs me over to the shots.

"Jenny, I really don't think I should have one" I say.

"Come on Laura, when was the last time you let go, huh? When was the last time you had fun? I think there's a wildcat beneath that shy exterior just waiting to get out! But you know; if you don't want to then... well, it's up to you." Jenny already looks disappointed. She already knows I probably won't do it. I look up and find Will looking back at me. He seems to be the only other person in the room that heard what Jenny said. I see a small smile on his face, but his eyes tell me that he thinks I won't do it either.

I do the shot.

Jenny turns to me with a look of shock, starts to squeal and gives me a hug, the kind of hug where you bounce around and knock things over. I have a big grin all over my face and a burning sensation down my throat. But I'm so happy. I look over Jenny's shoulder to where Will was standing -- but he wasn't there. It doesn't completely ruin my happy mood, but I feel a kick of disappointment in my stomach. 

From then on I used my happiness and my new loss of inhibition to mingle among the other groups that congregate around the bar. I know most people's names, but have generally avoided conversation with them at work. Usually conversing with people who are only acquaintances ends awkwardly as I soon find myself lost for words. Tonight I felt like a completely new person, and for once I was enjoying myself immensely. 

A little further into the night, I note that I hadn't seen Will in quite a while. Greg had just walked in from the courtyard with two empty glasses, but he didn't go to the bar, instead settling down next to Jenny. I wonder if Will is still outside, and decide to go and have a look.

The courtyard is dark, lit only by the radiant light of the bar and small tea light candles on the tables. I see Will stand up from a table and head towards the back door.

"Will!" I cry out. "Where are you going?"

"Oh, hey Laura. I was going to have a smoke and realised I left my lighter in the car. Do you want to walk with me?" 

His silhouette waited for me by the gate. I fumbled my way around the maze of chairs and tables and walked through the gate he held open. We walked slowly, side by side in the dark, for a while not saying anything. After a few more steps he stopped, and I stopped and turned to look at him. The contours of his face were lit in moonlight.

"Laura, I'm so happy you decided to come out tonight." 

Even in the darkness, I could feel his eyes on me. He had his head tilted on an angle again, waiting for me to say something. Or perhaps he was just looking at me.

"Oh Will, me too. I've had such an unbelievably good time." I smiled up at him.

"You looked enchanting tonight. I've never before seen you so radiant, so vibrant. The way you are smiling at me now, it's a smile I didn't know existed. Even your eyes are smiling... and your lips..."

His dark, penetrating eyes moved then to my mouth. 

All of a sudden my heart began to beat faster and faster. I wasn't sure how my knees were still holding me up. Everything happened in slow motion. 

Will leaned down and kissed me.

My skin started tingling all over. My stomach flipped, and a sweet agony burst into bloom between my thighs. He licked my lips with his tongue, and I opened my mouth to receive him. All of a sudden my hands were roaming all over his muscled body, and his arms were holding me tightly against him whilst his kiss turned deep, forceful and passionate. 

We were so lost in the moment it took us a minute to realise we were standing in the pouring rain.

Our lips parted, and I lifted my face to the rain and laughed. Will leans down again for one more quick kiss.

"You're so damn beautiful when you laugh" he whispers.

He takes my hand and we run across the street to a small park. He leads me around the side of the park behind a building, and we stand in the small shelter made by the overhang of the rafters. We're both drenched, my dress glued to every curve of my body. I look over to Will. His eyes are slowly rising over my body, taking in the shape of my thighs, my panting belly and my quickly hardening nipples. It seems a struggle for him but from there he lifts his eyes to my face. At this moment I am almost overwhelmed with my desire for him. 

In one swift movement he has his body against mine, pushing me against the cold brick wall. As he kisses me I can feel his erection hard against me. His lips move from my mouth to my jaw, then descends to lick and suck and kiss my neck. I'm surprised to realise my breathing is heavy, that I am almost panting. I lift one leg and wrap it around the back of him, opening my warmth and grinding my pussy against his truly hard cock. 

"Oh Will" I pant in his ear.

"Oh Laura" he murmurs between the kisses on my neck. "I've wanted you for so long. I've always wanted you. Ever since we started working together."

This completely sends me off the edge. I bring his lips back to mine, devouring him. I reach down and start rubbing his erection through his pants. I can hear him groaning through the kiss. His hands are on my breasts, rubbing, squeezing, and flicking his thumbs over my tingling nipples.

I can't stand it. I pull the straps of my dress over my arms and pull down the top of my dress, exposing my rather large, soft tits and naked nipples to his administrations. He leans down and takes one into his mouth. He's achingly good at teasing with his tongue, and when I least expected it, he takes my nipple between his teeth -- a little nip that results in a stab of pleasure coursing through my body like electricity -- ending at the opening of my soaking wet pussy.

I can't wait any longer.

I undo his pants and release Will's straining, rock hard cock. When I place my fingers around the shaft I can feel it throbbing. I look up into Will's eyes. The uncontrolled desire in his face looks menacing and utterly predatory. It turns me on.

I quickly pull off my panties, wrap my leg around his hip and invite him in. I can feel his cock at my entrance. Then Will bends his knees and thrusts up, hard. His entire body weight pushes me against the wall, pushing until he reaches the end of me and still more. I cannot control the sound that comes out of my mouth. He picks up my other leg and wraps it too around his body. He holds me against the wall as he ravishes me. His fucking is hot, hard and heavy and completely erotic-- a frantic accumulation of pleasure. As he thrusts harder and faster inside me I lose control of my thoughts, leaving only the senses. There is an amassing of intense pleasure inside my body and a sweet, overwhelming release as I quiver and shake and hold onto Will for dear life. His lasting groan as my inner muscles clench around him sends a tingle down my spine for no other reason than the reality of what had just happened between us. 

"Should we go back, do you think?" I ask Will when I have caught my breath.

He pauses, and looks down at me with his head on an angle and his eyes smouldering.

"No. I've got a better idea."