 Chapter 8 (him) 

I had not had sex for weeks and now I had two young women in bed with me. This was quite a treat and I made full use of it. By now Jacqui was crouched on her knees, her face between her friend's legs. She reached behind her to hold her labia open, enabling me to push my now hard dick into her. She was so wet and open that I slipped all the way inside her in just a couple of strokes. Looking down, I could see her slurping and licking at Sophie's pussy. Sophie had her legs wide open, displaying her young hole, surrounded by a thicket of bright red pubic hair. Jacqui's face was mashed against this, licking hard and sucking on her friend's clit and lips. It was great to grip the brunette's buttocks and plough in and out of her. Occasionally she would give my dick a squeeze with her pussy muscles. "You are so fucking tight, you hot girl," I told her, as I sank my straining erection back between her dark lips. As I pulled my wet cock out I noticed that it had a couple of white globules of pussy juice on it. She was obviously quite turned on. By now she was working one finger into her friend's hole and another into Sophie's anus. She was pushing these two fingers in and out, in a sawing motion, while licking her clit. Sophie now had her eyes closed and was breathing deeply in a heavy, aroused manner. 

"Okay, time to swap positions," I told the girls. I lay down on the bed on my back, and told Jacqui to mount me. She happily held her dark pussy open and lowered herself on to my cock, staring down on to me with a wicked look in her eyes. I motioned for Sophie to climb on to my face, which she did, almost as if in slow motion. As Jacqui started to fuck me, her breasts swaying up and down, I watched Sophie's bottom descend towards my face, blocking out the ceiling light. Soon her red, hairy pussy was on my face, and i reached out my tongue to lick her. She was grinding herself down on to me, willing me to lick deeper and deeper into her pussy. I remember how wet her pubes were from her arousal and from Jacqui's mouth. Still I could feel Jacqui working her pussy lips on my hard tool. I shifted my face away from Sophie's pussy and towards her arse. Her anus was slightly open from where the brunette had been fingering her. I reached up and licked around the puckered hole. She shuddered as I forced my tongue into her forbidden passage. I could hear her sighing with pleasure at the unusual sensation. Even from beneath her tight bottom I could see what was going on above. The girls were leaning across and kissing each other full on the mouth. I was kissing, licking and sucking all over Sophie's pussy, clit and arse. 

This was enough for me, and I felt my balls contract as I shot my load full into Jacqui's snatch.

Suddenly, I had a moment of clarity. What on earth was i doing here with these two girls when I was supposed to be on a date....was it a date?....with the curvy American woman.

I made some excuses - "got to get a drink of water" - threw on a pair of trousers and headed out of the room. I had to find her. Christ, what was I thinking? No one in the building had seen her. What if she'd picked up someone else. Maybe she was being fucked, right now, by another man. I cursed my stupidity. I'd let her get away. 

I headed out into the warm tropical night air and walked down to the bonfire. There was a small cluster of people, drinking and laughing under the stars. Light from the bonfire lit up their faces in a warm red glow. Incredibly, she was still there. Chatting to some of the work guys. She looked incredible, beautiful and curvy, maybe a bit drunk though. She was leaning on one of the lads to try to stay upright. 

I decided to take control. "She doesn't look so good, man," I told him. "Maybe it's time for her to turn in." The man protested...."We're just having some fun, dude," he complained. She smiled and agreed. "I'm okay here, thanks. Why don't you go and hang out with your new teen friends?" But she looked a bit unsteady on her feet. I insisted. Apart from anything else, I didn't trust her new pal not to take advantage of her state. "Party's over for you," I said.

With that I put an arm around her shoulder and told her we were heading back to her home. "No funny business," I said. "I just want to make sure you fall asleep in the right place." Looking up at me, she smiled. "Of course.....James", she said, slurring slightly. 

It was slow progress getting back to her beach hut. Occasionally she stumbled on a root or a rock on the path. I held her with one arm and escorted her, gentleman-style, to her room. I was still quite drunk and stoned myself. I was still thinking about the two 19-year olds. Yes, it was hot. Red hot. But so stupid. 

At the woman's hut, she told me she was feeling very sleepy and didn't want to walk any more. So I picked her up, one hand on her shoulders and one under her arse, and carried her into the room, laying her gently on the bed. She stirred. "Lie with me," she said. "Please."

I didn't need asking a second time, and got on to the bed next to her, pressing the light switch off. In the dark, i could see the shape of her on the bed, lying next to me. She looked so innocent, asleep almost straight away. I touched her side with my hand, holding it there a second or two. I could hear her breathing in the quiet of the dark. There was the distant sound of waves from the beach beyond. I pressed myself against her, put an arm over her, and....

When I woke up, light was streaming into the room. My mouth was dry, and for a second I didn't know where I was. Then I remembered. HER room. Did anything happen last night? I didn't think so. I opened my eyes properly. There on the bed next to me was this gorgeous creature. She was wearing just a cream frilly bra and matching panties. She looked so curvy, like a Rubenesque beauty from the 18th century. Her gorgeous blonde locks of hair were tousled from where she had been sleeping. I watched discreetly as she went into the shower.....when she came back, I pretended she was still asleep. But with one eye i watched her remove her towel before putting on shorts and t-shirt. I felt a familiar stirring between my legs. Boy was she a sweet sight. "You know, its rude to stare," I said, teasing her. 

"How...Why...What...are you doing here?" she said. Clearly she didn't know what had happened last night. Maybe she wouldn't remember my escapades with Sophie and Jacqui.

"You were drunk," I said. 

"That doesn't answer how you came to be in my bed..." she said, tapping me on the shoulder.

I explained what had happened. No funny business, etc. "I dont rape women when they are intoxicated," I said, tartly, a bit annoyed that she might think something had happened.

She looked very hungover.

"Come on, lay down I'll help you with your headache," I said. I ordered a spot of breakfast and started to massage her face. Very gently. Just soft fingertips on her temples.

She told me her name was Amelia, and that her fiance was not there...because....they were no longer engaged. That explained the ring thing. As i stroked her head, she looked sad. Clearly not totally over that jerk. As the tears rolled down her face, I could not resist kissing her cheek. Trying to make things better. To show I cared. I knew what it looked like; that I was trying to get into her knickers. But that wasn't it. I reached out my arms and held her, tightly. "It's okay," I said. "Shhh. You're with me now." I kissed her forehead, her nose, and her cheek. And then, when i saw no signs of resistance, I moved my lips down towards her full, red mouth. She was still holding me in her arms as together we rolled on the bed. She moved underneath me, and pressed her lips against mine. Just softly, like butterflies. My eyes were closed. I just enjoyed the feeling of her underneath me. I could feel her breath against my face. Slowly but surely, I felt that familiar stirring in my groin, and knew that my cock was swelling up against her thigh. Amelia didn't seem to mind, however. She had her hands on my hard chest and was stroking my pecs in little motions.

 I couldn't help but start to push my groin against her in gentle, undulating motions. I felt her mouth open, and our tongues began to dance together, our lips pressed one on the other. It was so hot, just to be lying there exploring each other for the first time. I sucked her tongue, holding her head hard and pulling it against mine. By now I was almost dry-humping her. I was positioned between her legs and my cock, still in my trousers, was pressed against her private parts. "I want to touch you all over," I breathed. As I pushed my firmness against her I kissed her neck and ear, nuzzling her shoulders. Her hair smelt fresh, of shampoo and salt. By now I was stroking her t-shirt, where I could feel her big globes. My tongue was back in her mouth...I loved the taste of her...warm and feminine. She sucked against me. It felt heavenly to be lying on top of her, my hard firm body against her soft, wonderful, female form. I wanted to know what was under that t-shirt and bra, and slid my hand under her t-shirt. As I thought, really big. Gently I stroked the skin of her breasts, still encased in the material of her bra, as I kissed and bit her face and neck. Still I was humping my entire groin, pressing against her. My dick was so hard I thought I might just cum, there and then, from the pressure of her groin. The smell of her body beneath me was so rich, I breathed it in as I absorbed everything about this experience. As I eased my fingers around her back, ready to release the catch of her bra, I heard a noise at the door. Bloody hell! It was the breakfast guy. That meant it was nearly 9am. That meant I had to be at the surf shop pretty damn soon. 

I couldn't be caught here in this state.

"Fuck," I said. I ordered you breakfast. I can't stay, if I'm caught here, I'm busted."I legged it off the bed and into the bathroom. With the door closed behind me, I opened the window and squeezed myself through it. Within seconds I was back outside, dusting down my trousers and heading back past the palm trees towards my house. Time for some fresh pineapple and black coffee before work. I wondered what would have happened if I had stayed there....what her nipples would taste like in my mouth....what it would feel like to rub my naked body against hers.....The sun was already rising up in the blue sky. I felt good.