 It's been so long I've forgotten who helped me with this story. Hentaikitten edited it and rewrote parts. S_pearce helped me with the idea. Leavemebe inspired the first scene.

This part involves no sex, still and does have some violence.

This is part 2. Hope you like it.

///// /////

My phone burred and Dawn shifted on top of me as pulled it out of my jeans pocket.

"Where are you?" Boss sounded a bit distressed.

"In the stairs to the side entrance."

"Well, get up here and tell Dawn to stop stalling you."

How did he know? I cast a quick glance to Dawn but face was impossible to read. Had they planned this ambush together?

"Will do."

"Ha, so it was her."

Oh, he didn't know. He just wanted me to confirm it. Dammit, Boss is smart.

"I'll see you in a minute."

"No, no, it's fine, take your time." He chuckled as I closed the call.

Dawns big dark eyes watched me. How much had she heard? Probably all of it.

"We need to get to work but first. Do you want to press charges? It was clearly assault."

"What? No, he isn't worth it." Dawn looked at me like I was silly for suggesting it.

"That's your choice." 

With Em I pushed too hard. Dawn would have to decide on her own. It wasn't my problem, she wasn't my problem but my stomach lurched. I couldn't do nothing and let her be abused.

"Want to learn how to break out of a wrist hold? It's very simple and you'll be able to defend yourself if he ever tries the same move?"

Her hand moved up my chest and she batted her eyelashes. "You're going to teach me?"

"Yes?" What was she getting at? Why was her hand moving up my chest? "I teach kickboxing at my dad's Gym. The women's kickboxing class I teach starts at 1800."

Her face tightened into a frown and she rubbed her neck, signaling irritation.

"We need to get to work." Her voice was short.

What just happened?

Her cute little butt bounced as she stomped away. I was mesmerised for a second before I pulled myself together and got to work.

***

That day was the classic example of how a short delay leads to a bigger one and so on. Everything was back under control at the end of day but it was a long, tiresome road to get there. It was one of the days when I looked forward to a hot shower, beating the shit out of a bag and then another hot shower before bed.

The images floating around my head of Dawn, holding her against a wall and taking her, weren't helpful. They were better than the images of what the beast would do with fatso though.

Becka's eyes lit up when I walked in the door to the gym. She bounced towards me. "You're La-ate!" She sang, unnecessarily bubbly and cheerful.

A stone dropped in my stomach and I felt horrible. It was one of the few days we had before the tournament and she made such huge improvements yesterday but I really didn't feel like teaching her. Not today.

"I've had a terrible day and need a shower."

"Oh, okay." The light in her eyes died down. Her smile turned into a frown. "I understand if you don't want to train me."

I'm a terrible human being. My throat thickened up. Fudge. I couldn't do this to her. I took a big breath and dug deep. Turned on my smile and let the warmth spread into my voice.

"Then I was thinking we could spar a bit to wake me up. Then I can show you the hook, high kick combo you wanted to learn yesterday."

Becky's wide smile lifted the stone and a gentle warmth spread through my stomach instead. Dad was always right. I should listen to him more. She was like a puppy, showering her with kindness made me feel like I wasn't a horrible person.

***

I showered, warmed up and we sparred. For the first round I worked Becky over with my jab. Keeping her away from me with my power advantage and she couldn't land a single punch. The second round I lured her repeatedly into rolling low and marked her chin with my knee. She had to find that flaw and fix it soon. The third round I showed her the 'one-two left body hook into right kick' over and over again. Until the time was almost over and I switched it over into a left high kick, catching her totally of guard.

***

Dad walked up to me as I drank water.

"What are you trying to do? Destroy her confidence days before the fight?"

"No. I'm trying to teach her defense."

"How? By beating it into her? You go in there and you let her get in, then you let her punch and you take a dive."

The tone in his voice brought me back to when I was a five year old caught with my hand in the cookie jar. 

"Yes, Dad."

***

Dad went up to Becky, took her by the training helmet and pulled her in close. How often had he done that for me? Just a few cool words, a new tactic to try, something that always worked. The total confidence in his words had brought me out of the funk a hundred times. He was a true coach. How was I supposed to be that for someone? I could never fill his shoes.

I walked into the ring and Becky met me but it wasn't the same as before. She had switched into a southpaw and her right fist now continuously checked my jab. Stopping me from jabbing and pushing more of my weight on my back foot.

I threw a glance at Dad and he had both his hands crossed over his chest. Smiling widely, 

"That's it, work him."

I flip switched, my weight shifted so I was in southpaw and could put all my weight into my left straight. I stopped in the middle when Dad called out. "That's it. Now."

Becky mirrored me and dodged my straight just to start checking my other hand. She was a much better boxer than I was. The jab destruction was annoying. I couldn't gauge the distance so I kept too far away. 

How do I break it without hurting her? Wait - why should I break it? This was a convincing way for me to lose but for it to be convincing I had to do something. I couldn't just let her destroy me. No one would buy that. I looked over at Dad and he mimed dropping my guard low.

I couldn't do it no matter how much my mind knew she couldn't do a high kick, my body was stuck in the past and if I dropped that hand I was going to get kicked. 

I switched again and she slipped the straight just to get up in under my guard. That little minx. This had been the plan all along.

A big smile spread on her face as she rained down small concise blows over my body.

"30 seconds. Work the body."

I could clinch her. I could knee her. That wasn't the plan though. Dad had set this up somehow. Pain shot through me as blow after blow spattered over my body. Her tight hooks were hard to predict and she was a lot faster in a short distance.

"15 seconds." What? That was at least 20? What was Dad up to now?

Becky breathed heavily.

"You've got him on the ropes. 10 seconds." Oh of course. He had done this to me several times. In a fight you lose track of time and every second can feel so long. It's easy to think 'I can last ten more seconds'. When those seconds feel like an hour each, it's harder. Slowing it down in practice left you with more to give in a real fight.

"5 seconds. He's going down." 

No, I wasn't. Oh right. I should go down. Fudge. I stopped rolling with the punches and let her have real impacts. 

~Why are you letting her hurt us? Fight back you coward.~

She hit me straight in the solar plexus and the breath went out of me. Fuck. How long was he going to let her hit me? Oh right. I was supposed to go down.

"4 -- 3 -- 2 -- 1." I let my knees buckle and I went down. It was easy to let the mat receive me and a hell of a lot less painful than taking her punches. Girl's got some power in her when she goes hard.

A pair of worried, blue eyes were watching me from the side of the ring. What was Dawn doing here? Oh right, I invited her. I winked at her and for a split second shock passed through her eyes then her nostrils flared and her eyes turned into angry slits. 

"With a knockout after 2 minutes and 59 seconds we have a new champion of the Kick Open. Rebecka Smith!"

Image practice was an important part of becoming a champion. Your body learnt what you wanted and you could pull out that little bit extra when you needed it.

***

Dawn had black, short shorts and a red tube top on. 

"I should probably have her teaching me instead."

Was she trying to tease me again? This was getting old.

"Great, then I'm going to bed."

"I'm used to men that call me over and can't find the stamina to really play."

I flipped Dawn the bird, then I went for a shower. When I got back out she was gone

***

Dawn walked up to me at lunch on Thursday. "I want to ask you for a favor." 

"Sure." What did she need my help with this time? 

"There's a lecture on Friday night at 6 and I want you to escort me." 

"What? Why?"

"I'd feel safer if you were there." She said it like it was obvious but it didn't make any sense.

"What's the lecture about?"

"Human psychology." 

"Sure, but why is it important? Why do you need to go?" 

"Boris scared me away from my friends. It's time I told them what an asshole he is." 

"I see." I didn't but it seemed important to her. Who was Boris? "I'll go, as your friend, if you promise to behave."

***

Dawn wore a tight, black dress, that was only somewhat acceptable since a pink cover up, covered up the low cut neckline. I was dressed in black dress slacks and a dark grey shirt that was much tighter than my normal clothes. The freedom of movement was horrible and I kept straining against the fabric with my shoulder. If this Boris was a fighter the shirt was a problem.

My skin crawled as we walked into a big lecture hall, about fifty people turned and intently stared at me. At the first glance they looked to be dressed in normal formal wear but at the second look some subtle leather details popped out at me. It took a second then they all started whispering between each other. Dawn either didn't notice or didn't care. She walked straight up to an older gal and gentleman that stood at the front of the room.

The woman looked to be sixty and was dressed in a nice forest green dress. Her arms spread out and she placed two small kisses on each of Dawn's cheeks, smearing in some of her bright red lipstick. 

"Oh Dawn. I've missed you so. Where have you been, you naughty child?"

Dawn opened her mouth to respond but by then the lady had already pushed her into the gentleman arms and switched her focus to me. Her brown eyes stared at me, evaluating every feature, weighing me on some imaginary scale and then she smiled as if she found me pleasing.

"Who's the sexy hunk?"

Was she drunk? Or was that an acceptable approach?

The seconds drew on and Dawn just stood there. Was she also shocked?

I stretched out my hand and the lady's soft hand disappeared in mine. 

"I'm Thomas, Dawn's work colleague."

"So you work with Boris?"

Boris? Who the fudge was Boris? I threw a quick glance over at Dawn and it clicked. Her ex. The fatty, fatso. He must be Boris.

"Not really, I'm in the programming department."

"So a tech guy?" Her arm nonchalantly travelled over my bicep. "You don't look like a tech guy."

How was this acceptable? She didn't smell of booze but was blatantly hitting on me and wasn't that her husband with her? This wasn't right. I must have missed something. Ants crawled over my skin and I tried to find a polite way out, luckily I didn't need one as the professor walked up to the whiteboard and started writing his name in big, bold, red, letters.

We took our seats on the first row and the creepy lady sat down next to Dawn. They tittle-tattled about something and Dawn removed her cover up, her dangerously low-cut cleavage open to view. She casually bent over my lap and put the cover up on the free seat next to me. The metal handles pressed into my hands as I held on tightly so I wouldn't do anything stupid.

I closed my eyes for a second but the images of her head in my lap floated through my mind and that was much more dangerous than reality. So I opened my eyes and got a clear view of her bountiful cleavage. A little, pink nub strained against the fabric. She wasn't wearing a bra? No that wasn't possible. Not with her big breasts. She was wearing some kind of special bra? A kinky bra? With nipple cut-outs?

Stop thinking about her bra. Pay attention to the lecture. Oh, my god, what is that lecturer talking about? The psychology of sexual deviance and how it differed from BDSM practices? What the Fudge? What kind of lecture was this?

I glanced over at Dawn. She was staring at the lecturer intently. Her tongue darted out to lick her lips, making them shine like strawberry jello. She lifted a pen to her mouth and her full, red lips spread into the perfect 'come fuck me face' as she absentmindedly sucked on the end. Then she moved it down to scratch her clavicle, leaving behind a small, gleaming drop of saliva that looked just like something else.

One finger worked down and scooped the drop up. 

"Whoops." She said and sucked on the finger.

A sly grin spread over her face and the anger ignited in my stomach. She was playing another one of her silly, little games, even though she had promised to behave.

She stood up and placed her left hand on my shoulder and leaned over me. Her mountainous breasts pressed against my face for the briefest second and I had the insane urge to bite down on a protruding nipple.

Her butt shimmied as she put her cover up back on.

"It was colder than I thought in here."

She bent down, her big buns straining against the fabric of her dress as she sat back down again.

I tried to focus on the lecture but it just wasn't happening. 

***

There was a break in the middle of the lecture, so I calmly got up and focused on my breathing as I walked away. Long, slow breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. I was in control.

~Then why are you running away? Coward.~

A patter of footsteps followed me. 

"Where are you going?" Dawn called out.

"Home." My voice was strained. 

"There's still a second part."

"Like I care."

She gripped my wrist and I shook her off with ease before I turned around. My finger was perfectly placed to poke her straight in the sternum.

"You're a spoiled, little brat, playing with a fire you can't understand. It's only going to end one way, you're going to get hurt." 

Her neck stretched and her eyes filled with defiance so I pressed a little harder. She took a small step back then another until she was pushed up against the wall. 

"I'm a fighter, my hobby is to hurt people. The only difference between me and a maniac is that I'm in control. I always have to be in control. You make that incredible difficult."

"You wouldn't hurt a fly." Dawn batted her eyes at me and stretched out her neck. 

The shooting fire exploded in my stomach, my knees bent, my hand trembled as I took a hold of her neck. I stood up straight and pulled her up. She gasped in shock. What an idiot, giving up her breath when she was about to be strangled.

No, that's not what I wanted to show her, dammit.

"You have no idea what I would or wouldn't do and you're totally powerless to stop me. I move my fingers slightly and I cut off your blood flow to the brain. You'd pass out in less than ten seconds, there's nothing you can do to stop me."

Dawn quickly tapped her hand twice against mine and faster than I could think, I let her go. I took a step back and her smile grew.

"See."

My hands crunched up into fists. I needed to punch something. Then my training kicked in. I sank down, to my fighting stance and I took a deep breath. The beast was put back in his cage.

"I'm the one that has to live with myself for the rest of my life and I don't think I could if I hurt someone else. So please, don't play your games with me."

I turned and ran. Dawn's eyes burned a hole in the back of my neck.

***

Becky moved through a light warm up as I walked into the gym.

"You're supposed to be resting!" 

I growled as I stormed past but at least Becky had the good grace to look guilty. Better than some people but still, no one did as they were told.

The anger slowly burnt away as I followed my routine and the memories played back. I was a horrible person. My body trembled, my knees grew weak and my cheeks heated up. I staggered into the shower and sank down as the hot water rained over me.

The adoration I had seen in Dawn's eyes cut me to my core. What kind of horrible animal could fool such an innocent girl into thinking I was a good person? Only a truly horrible person could deceive someone so thoroughly. I must be the worst.

***

"My wonderful so-on?" Mom's voice woke me from my funk. Why was she here?

I took a deep breath and cleared my throat as I dried my tears.

"I'm in here. I'll be out in a minute."

"I've got groceries in the car, so hurry up."

My fingers were raisins as I quickly scrubbed up and got outside.

Terry stood at the front desk with a big grin on her face. I threw her a dirty look and she rolled her eyes, playing innocent. She had called my mother on me. Next time she needed help with something there would be none to find.

***

I drove us into the guest parking lot.

"Carry the groceries, please." Mom said please but her tone of voice made it an order. 

I walked around the car and saw four bags in the trunk. They were packed with way more food than I could ever eat before it turned bad. 

"I usually buy my own groceries. You know that, right?" 

"Shush, you always eat the same thing, and it's not good for you. You need to get a little softer so you can find a good woman. You're too big, tough and hard." 

Oh my sweet creator. The penis jokes. So many penis jokes. I'm a dick all right. I held them all in, took three bags and walked towards the front entrance of my apartment building. 

"SO-ON. You forgot a bag." 

"I didn't forget it. I left it for you." 

"You're going to make your mother carry two bags as you carry three? Shameful." 

Had I missed a bag? I walked back but there was only one bag left. I turned to Mom with my eyebrow up but she dangled her purse in my face. Dammit. 

Was it worth fighting over? I tested the weight and four bags was a lot. Most of what she bought must be liquid or bricks. It might just be bricks, since I had missed a lot of Sunday dinners. I might as well take my punishment like a man. I gave mom my keys and she nodded, pleased as I took the four bags and staggered towards my apartment. 

"They're so heavy. If only someone could carry one bag. I'm almost dying. This is way too much food."

Mom closed the trunk and walked past me with a dismissing snort.

"Mama, save yourself! Leave me behind! It's for the best." I staggered melodramatically. 

She rolled her eyes at me and walked around the bend and I followed. Time slowed when I moved past the bend and a train wreck was in the making. 

A little blonde in a black dress with a pink cover up sat on the step just outside my front door. Mom was walking towards her with determined steps. There was no way I could stop this wreck from happening.

Mom walked up to Dawn and in her cheery voice, offered to help her. Dawn tried to resist but my mom was a typhoon. It was best to just not fight her.

"Some food will make everything better. Come, come."

"Mom, wait."

Mom turned around and I'm lucky her looks can't kill. Dawn's face was what took the prize though. She hadn't seen me coming, so her face was full of surprise. I gave in to the inevitable and made introductions. 

"This is Dawn. Dawn, this is my mother." 

My mother looked back and forth twice before a light lit up in her eyes. 

"So this is the confusing workmate that has you slowly spinning out of control?" Mom turned towards Dawn. "You're joining us for dinner."

I leaned in and whispered so only Mom would hear. "I don't think that's a good idea." 
