 "I never would have believed this!" she thought as she looked in the mirror.

It had once been so simple, her life, work, looking after hubby, seeing the kids and grandkids on weekends. So simple. So ordered. 

She knew that she had been restless, that her thoughts had sometimes strayed into areas where they shouldn't , but she would never have done anything about it, really she wouldn't, until she met Alan at that damned evening class.

She'd only joined to get out of the house. She needed something other than four walls and work. She needed to breathe, to create, to think freely, so she joined an art class. She'd been lousy at art at school, and she didn't think she'd be any better now, but it got her out of the house and into new company once a week.

That's how she met Alan. He was a few years older than her, mid fifties maybe, not too tall and stockily built, with a pleasant smile. Most of the others in the group were either much older or younger than them, so they almost naturally gravitated toward each other in the mid class tea break, laughing at their rather pathetic attempts to paint a vase of flowers. They sat together at a small table and sipped their tea, making small talk. He seemed a little sad, she thought, and she wondered if for him, as for her, the class was an escape from something. She found herself oddly drawn to him, and when the class finished she left reluctantly. She saw him in the lobby and said "See you next week then." And he smiled and said "Yes, I'll be here, ruining another piece of good art paper." They both laughed and walked their separate ways.

When the next class came around, she found that she was looking forward to seeing him again. Odd, really, as she'd hardly thought about him all week, well maybe once or twice, just as she was drifting off to sleep, seeing those hazel eyes looking into hers, wondering how it would feel to .....

"Stop it!" she thought. Damn, she hardly knew the man, she'd only met him once, hardly spoken to him, and here she was imagining his hands........

"Damn, pull yourself together woman!" she told herself sharply, but when she arrived at the class and there was no sign of him, a little knot of disappointment formed in her stomach. A few minutes later, however, he came through the door, and she felt as if the room grew a little brighter with his presence.

This time, during the tea break, she managed to arrange things so that they were away from the others, and he seemed happy to fit in with this. In fact, she imagined that if she didn't know better he could have been thinking along the same lines. This time talk turned to family. He was married, he said, but he'd wanted something to get him out of the house now and again, so he'd joined the art class. "Snap." She replied.

Over the weeks, their friendship seemed to grow quickly, each one seeking out the other at break time and the more they got to know each other the more natural it seemed, then the long summer break loomed, no classes for six weeks. On the last night, they sat together drinking tea and saying how much they would miss the evening out.

Alan fidgeted for a moment, then he said "Jane, may I say something to you without you taking it the wrong way?"

"Of course, anything."

"Well," he hesitated, it's not just the classes I'll miss, it's our chats, your company. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything. You're a married woman."

"And you're a married man," she replied " but that doesn't mean we can't be friends, does it?"

"No, it doesn't." he answered, looking relieved. "Look, do you think it would be OK for us to meet for a drink say, during the holidays, I mean a real drink, not PG Tips. Just as friends I mean. Tell me to get lost if you're offended."

She laughed "I'm not offended, I'm amazed, why on earth would anyone want my boring company?"

"Oh you aren't boring, far from it!" he protested quickly.

"Will you tell your wife you're going out with another woman?"

He looked sheepish "No, I couldn't" he said "she would never believe it was innocent. Does that mean you'll come?"

"Yes, I will come Alan. Thank you for asking me"

"I must be crazy!" she thought "What am I doing? I'm agreeing to a date with a married man!"

"Will you tell your husband?" he asked.

"I'll tell him as much as you tell your wife." She answered.

They met a few days later in a quiet street a short walk from her house. He pulled up and she climbed into his car quickly, feeling like a total fraud. He drove them out to a small country pub where they were both sure that nobody they knew would see them. The place was quiet, and they bought drinks and sat in a corner of the room, both a little nervous of the situation.

"It's crazy we have to do this in secret," he said " but you know what people would think if they saw us."

"I know," she replied "but now we're here lets just relax and enjoy the evening."

"Where does your husband think you are?" he asked her.

"Out with some girls from work."

He laughed "My wife thinks I'm out with the lads," he said "not that I do that much, it's not really my scene."

"What's your wife like?" Jane asked "You never talk about her much."

A shadow crossed his face. "Well, she has health problems," he said "bad arthritis for a start. I think the world of her, but sometimes...."

"Sometimes?" she prompted.

"Well, they say in sickness and in health, but why does it sometimes have to be years of sickness? It doesn't seem fair. I look at other men, with fit healthy wives, walking with them, things like that, and I feel, well, bitter I suppose, and a bit jealous."

She reached out and put her hand on his, then as quickly drew back, realising what she had done. Her fingertips tingled where she had touched his skin, and there was a tightness in her chest that she'd never noticed before. He leaned toward her.

"Can I tell you something very personal Jane? I mean without upsetting you. Something I've never told anyone, but I think of you as a close friend."

"Of course you can, Alan, anything." She said.

"Well," he hesitated "the thing that I really miss is the physical side, you know what I mean?"

Her heart seemed to jump in her chest "Yes, I know what you mean Alan." She replied.

"We haven't done anything like that for ages," he said "she's always in too much pain or too doped up on her painkillers. It's not her fault, but I really miss that side of things.

It's not just the sex, it's the closeness, the sharing."

"Alan, you don't need to explain, I understand." she said. She reached out for his hand again, and this time she didn't draw back. She squeezed his fingers in hers tenderly.

Should she say anything? If she didn't speak now, the moment may be lost forever. Screwing up all her courage, she blurted out "The reason I understand, Alan, is because I'm in the same situation. It's the same between me and my husband."

He looked at her in surprise.

"But Jane, you're a fit healthy woman, and a very attractive one too."

"Oh my God Alan!" she said, a blush rising up her neck and into her face.

"No, I mean it," he said "is there a health problem with your husband?"

"No, nothing like that." She answered. "When the children were young, I was always so tired, and he worked long hours, so he was tired too. It just sort of got less and less often, until it stopped altogether. I suppose I always thought that once the kids were grown and we had more time for ourselves, it would be alright, it would come back, but the years went by and it just never happened. Now I think that we are just so used to living like we do that it never can. We've both just lost the idea of doing it, with each other anyway. I miss it too, but I've just come to accept that it's gone."

He looked at her in amazement "Years? How many years?"

"About nine I think. Since the kids were still at school anyway. Now I have grandchildren."

"I'm sorry," he said, looking at her sadly "I know how it feels."

"Yes," she said, "it's the closeness, the sharing, like you say. Sometimes I lie awake, and he's sleeping, and I just ache for that touching again, but it's just not there with him anymore."

They sat in silence for a while, each wrapped in their thoughts, then both raised their heads at the same time and their eyes met. For a long moment they looked at each other, each wondering if the other was having the same thoughts, neither daring to ask.

Finally Alan broke the silence, his words stumbling, his voice strained.

"We are good friends, aren't we Jane?"

"Yes, of course we are." She whispered, frightened of what may be coming next.

"I wouldn't want to lose that Jane, lose our friendship."

"Why would you Alan?"

"Because, well, because of what I'm thinking, that friends help each other, if they need something, and we both....I mean .....we both..." his voice tailed off.

"We both have the same need." She finished for him, her voice shaking.

"Yes."

She put her hands up to her face, her head lowered, burying herself in her open palms.

"Oh God Jane, I've really blown it haven't I." he said "I should never have spoken. I've ruined everything. I'm so sorry." 

"No, no." she looked up slowly "you haven't done anything Alan. You've just said what was in my thoughts too. Exactly what was in them. If it was anyone else but you I wouldn't even think things like that, but yes it was in my head as well."

They were silent again, then he looked at her, his eyes soft.

"Now that we have said it," he began "is it going to stay as just thoughts? Words? Longings?"

"I don't know." She answered "I don't want it to, but I'm frightened Alan."

This time it was his turn to take her hand, squeeze it gently.

"Did you say you were free all next Monday?" he asked

"Yes, I am."

"Alright, well listen then. I can get the day off too. There's a little hotel I know about half an hours drive from here. Suppose I book a room, and pick you up. We could spend the afternoon there together. If we decide not to do anything, fine, we'll still have had each other's company, but if we do want to take things further, we'll have the time and opportunity. How does that sound."

"It sounds lovely Alan, but if I can't bring myself to....you know...do it....you won't be angry?"

"I could never be angry with you Jane." He said gently.

When he dropped her off later, before she could get out of the car he put his arm around her shoulders and kissed her full on the lips, just for a second. Her head swam and she knew she wanted more. Much more.

"Thanks for a great evening, Jane." He said. "See you Monday, where we arranged?"

"Yes, I'll be there." She said, and got out of the car, almost running the two streets home.

So here she was, on a Monday morning, standing in front of the mirror, wondering how on earth she got to this place.

She stripped and looked at herself from different angles. She'd kept her figure pretty well. Her bust was still quite firm for a woman in her late forties. Her legs were shapely enough, she thought, her stomach still flat, but would he like what he saw if the clothes came off? Was she going to have the courage to take them off?

"I'll bottle out!" she thought "I just know I will!"

She looked at her watch. He was picking her up in less than an hour. She tugged open drawers and rummaged through her wardrobe. What to wear? She wanted to look sexy but not tarty. She found clean and almost new underwear, and a buttoned top over a floaty knee length skirt. Quickly she put on some make up, trying not to overdo it. Giving her hair a last quick brush she left the house and hurried to where she hoped he was waiting.

He was there, his car standing in the street. With a quick look around to make sure nobody was watching, she opened the door and climbed in. He hugged her to him and gave her a quick kiss. "Hi." He said.

They drove out to the hotel almost in silence, as if each was afraid to spoil the moment now that it had arrived. He parked the car and they were shown to the room. It was cosy, looking over fields, the furniture a little old fashioned but serviceable. The room was dominated by the big double bed, and both of them carefully avoided looking at it too much as they made themselves comfortable. 

"Would you like to go down to the restaurant for some lunch?" he asked.

"I'm so nervous I don't think I could eat." She replied.

He grinned "Me neither. How about some wine then? I'll have a bottle sent up."

"Yes, that would be fine."

After the wine arrived he poured a glass for each of them, and they sat in two chairs, sipping the sweet liquid. She looked up to find him gazing at her.

"You look beautiful." He said

"You always make me blush!"

"Really, you do. Beautiful."

He stood up, put down his glass and walked over to her. He took her glass and set it down on a table, then he gently took her arms and raised her to her feet. For a long moment he looked into her eyes, then he pulled her to him and kissed her, gently at first, then with more passion, their tongues seeking each other out, their bodies pressed together. Her arms went around his neck and she ran her fingers through his hair. She felt one of his hands move up her back, caressing her, the other slid down, over the waistband of her skirt, the palm kneading and pressing her bottom. Maybe it was the wine, but she felt as if she was floating. The gentle fingers stroked her through her clothes, promising such delights.

Gently he pushed her away a little, his hands came up to stroke her face, then he began to undo the buttons on her top. Mutely she stood and let him, until he slipped it off her shoulders and down her arms. He unbuttoned his own shirt and let if fall, then pulled her close again, kissing her with a deep hunger of years.

She felt his hands on her back, then a sudden release as he unfastened her bra. He stepped back and let it fall away between them. He looked down at her full breasts, the nipples hard with excitement, and gently he reached up to cup them, his palms cradling them. He rubbed his thumbs over the erect nipples and it felt as if lightning had struck her. She pulled him close again and kissed him as hard as she could, their bare flesh pressing together, his chest hair on her nipples, making them swell even more.


"Alan," she gasped "I need to tell you something."

"Anything." He whispered.

"I'm not really experienced," she said "we always did it the same way, him on top, I only know about other things from what I've read. Does that put you off?"

He hugged her to him "No, of course not."

She buried her face in his neck "I always wanted to try things. Does that make me sound like a tart?"

"No, just like a modern woman. What sort of things?"

She gulped, "I always wanted to try.....oral." she managed to say.

"Then we will" he said gently, kissing her cheek.

He let go of her, and knelt down in front of her. Tenderly, he kissed her tummy, then he unfastened her skirt waistband and slid the skirt down her legs until she could step out of it. He looked at the pink cotton panties with the white elastic top, then up at her.

"I don't have any really sexy ones." She said, embarrassed.

"They're just perfect." He said. He stood up again and stood in front of her. "Your turn," he said softly, "undress me lover."

Her hand shaking, she unfastened his belt and undid the top button on his trousers, then slid the zipper down. She pushed them down his legs, and he pulled them off. He was wearing dark briefs, and from the bulge in them he was already excited. She could hardly take her eyes off it.

He took her hand and led her to the double bed, and they kneeled together on it, kissing passionately. He told her to lie back and gently he slid her panties down her legs and off, looking down on her nakedness.

"You're gorgeous!" he said in an awed voice.

He hooked his thumbs in his briefs and slid them off. His cock sprang out, hard and thick, the veins standing out on the shaft. She couldn't take her eyes off it.

He lay down, and she rolled on her side to face him. Their mouths met again, and they kissed deeply and hungrily. She felt his hand stroke her hair, then move down to caress her back, her sides, gliding over her hips and back up. His fingers were so gentle. She felt as if she were melting.

The hand slid between them and cradled her breast. He stroked the nipple and she moaned softly. She ran her hand down his body, over his belly, felt the thick bush of his hair then touched the hard cock. She stroked it and he gave a little murmur of pleasure, and teased her nipple with his fingers.

His hand moved down her body, toward her womanhood, and she opened her legs for him. His fingers stroked the soft skin on the inside of her thigh for a moment, then he cupped her pussy gently in his hand, and his finger parted her sex lips, probing into the moist slit until it found her clitoris and began to circle on it. She gasped and buried her face in his shoulder. Her fingers traced up and down his cock as he petted her, feeling the hard throbbing flesh, the swollen purple end.

For what seemed an age he teased her clitty, then his finger began to move quicker, up and down and in circles, sending almost unbearable sensations through her hips. She wrapped her arms around him and hugged him as she felt the sensations building inside her. He heard her whimpering quietly as her excitement built to a climax, then she came in a release that made her head spin with the sheer pleasure of it, waves pulsing through her body. She threw her head back and gave a low cry and he felt a warm gush of fluid on his fingers as she shuddered and came under his touch. His own pleasure at doing this for her was almost as great as her own. 

He held her for a long while, kissing her tenderly, then he began to move down her body, sliding down the bed. His lips found a nipple and he sucked it, his tongue flicking around it. She couldn't believe what was happening, her whole body felt on fire from his touch.

He moved further down, his lips and tongue working over her belly. Gently he pushed her onto her back and he moved around between her parted legs. She knew what was going to happen, and she held her breath as he nuzzled in her neat bush, then his probing tongue wormed between her pussy lips and touched her clitoris. Her breath came out in a long low moan of pleasure.

His tongue began to tease her, flicking over her swollen clitty, and he began to lick faster, his head bobbing between her thighs. He could taste her oily, salty fluids, and the scent of her was like wine. His hands slid under her hips and he seemed to be pulling her into his face. She felt a second orgasm building in the pit of her stomach like a low sweet ache and she wondered how this could be happening. He licked even faster, and she bucked her hips upwards as her climax surged through her, from her toes to the top of her head. He heard her moan with the ecstasy of it, and he licked until she was spent, then he moved back up the bed and hugged her close as she came back down to earth.

She lay with her head on his chest, her body still tingling.

"Oh God! Thank you so much Alan. It's been so long, so very long."

"We haven't finished yet." He said, stroking her dark hair.

"Mmmmmm!" she kissed his bare chest. "What do you want me to do?"

"You wanted to try oral, did you mean both ways?" he asked.

"Oh, yes." She answered "Definitely yes."

"Good. I don't want to come in your mouth though. Just do it as foreplay, I'll tell you when I'm ready, then I want to come inside you."

"I want that as well." She whispered.

She moved down his body as he lay back, until her cheek was resting on his stomach. His cock was only inches from face now. It had gone soft while they had been talking, but she took it gently in her fingers and teased it, and she felt it grow hard and thick again in her hand. His hand stroked her back gently and he murmured "That's nice, that's so nice."
