 Have you ever wanted someone but you couldn't have that person? That is how it was with Deb and me. She was a friend of my wife's and I wanted to have sex with her in the worst way. Deb wasn't any beauty. Actually she was quite average. She was petite and had short brown hair. If you saw her on the street you might not even notice her. It didn't matter to me, I wanted to fuck Deb for a long time. 

Deb and her husband Bob were good friends with my wife Sharon and myself. We would often go out together and have dinner and drinks. I would be staring at Deb and I think she was attracted to me but we never got to act on our feelings. Everything changed when I had to deliver some chairs to Deb's house. Deb and Bob were having a party one Saturday evening. They needed extra seats for the guests. 

I loaded up my truck and I drove the chairs over to their house. Deb greeted me at the door and told me to unload the seats into the garage for the time being. After I got things situated I went into the house. Deb was wearing a shirt and shorts and I made sure to look her over. I could actually feel my dick stirring inside my pants as we stood in the kitchen. Deb gave me a bottle of water and we talked a bit. I walked over and stood close to Deb. I could smell her perfume and it got me horny.

I am not sure how it all happened, to be honest. I did set my water down and I remember pulling Deb close to my body. Deb's eyes got big at first.

Ron, what are you doing?" She said to me.

I kissed her hard on the lips. There might have been some resistance at first but Deb soon gave into me. I was soon groping her body and my hands pulled up on her shirt. I didn't ask permission. I pulled off her shirt and then I got her bra off. Deb maybe had 'B' cup sized tits. One thing was for sure, her nipples were erect. I lowered my mouth and sucked on each one. 

Deb gave into me. Her arms were around my neck and she was urging me to continue. I reached down and pushed her shorts down to the ground. Deb wasn't wearing any panties. I stopped what I was doing and I shed my clothes. In just a few minutes we were both naked there in the kitchen. My dick was already hard from the kissing and touching. 

"I've wanted you for a long time Deb," I told her.

We somehow made it back to one of the spare bedrooms. Deb was on her back and I was on top of her. I got down between her thighs and I began to lap at her slit. Damn, did she get loud. Deb had both hands on the back of my head and I tasted her wet pussy. I got Deb prepared for my cock. After a few minutes of tasting her I got up on my knees. I took hold of her ankles and lifted her legs high.

My mushroom found her opening and I moved into position. Deb looked into my eyes like she was urging me to take her. I slowly slid my prick into her waiting pussy. She felt so good and her pussy was tight. She definitely needed my cock that day.

"You love me don't you?" I asked her.

I thought it was stupid to say that but Deb nodded her head like she had been waiting a long time for this day. I started sliding my long prick deep into her belly. Deb's muscles gripped me tight as I took her and finally made her all mine. I drove my hard cock inside Deb as far as I could push into her pussy. Deb was making all these love squeals as I fed her my rod. I did let her legs down and she wrapped them around my waist.

That is when we really got into the fucking. I was sucking her tits as I plowed into her pussy. Our pubic mounds ground into each other.I circled my cock around and made sure she felt my stiff pecker taking her hole. I ended up telling her she was mine from now on. I was going to have her whenever I wanted. I lost track on how many times Deb told me 'yes' to my demands.

I think we may have fucked closed to an hour in that spare bed. I knew I had a big load stored up. My wife and I hadn't fucked in weeks. I felt my balls pinch and I knew it wasn't going to be much longer. I pushed in the whole way and I unloaded inside Deb's greedy pussy. Huge wads of my cream came streaming out. Deb's pussy started convulsing when she felt my cum enter her body. She put her hands on my waist and held on as I gave her every drop of my love seed.

Some minutes passed before I finally felt empty. Deb made sure she used her pussy muscles and got every drop from me. I held my cock in place for some time and let Deb feel my spent cock resting in her cum filled cunt. We finally had a passionate kiss and I pulled out. I looked down to see my white, sticky cum beginning to run out of her hole. Deb did look spent but she got up and went into the bathroom.

When she came back she had a cloth to clean my dick up with. 

"Bob will be home soon, we better get dressed."

After we dressed I made sure we exchanged phone numbers. I told her I wanted to see her as soon as was possible. I left Deb's house and drove home. My wife quizzed me and I told her the chairs were delivered. Sharon and I did attend that party at Deb and Bob's. I couldn't take my eyes from Deb that night. I think she was staring at me as well. As the night progressed I needed to get some air. I stepped outside and walked out into the back yard.

It was dark and I was alone. I just stood there looking at the stars for awhile. I turned around and there stood Deb.

"I can't be away for very long," she said.

Just like that, Deb knelt down on the ground. She found my zipper and pulled it down. She took hold of my dick and brought it to her lips. Deb inhaled me there in the dark. It all went so fast. She was bobbing up and down my prick and I got hard in no time at all. Deb also squeezed my balls. I didn't think I had anything left from when we fucked. 

All that friction must have got me going. I did manage to fire a small load of cum down Deb's throat. She didn't pull away or anything like that. She swallowed what little amount of cum I still had in me. I watched her lick her lips and she then stood up. She quickly went back inside the house as I stood there with my dick hanging out. I got my cock back into my pants and then went back to the house.

Surprisingly, no one missed us. Nothing much happened the rest of the evening. Sharon and I drove back home and my wife went promptly to bed. I was sitting in the kitchen thinking about the day's activities. I then got a text message on my phone.

"I need to have your cock again Ron."

It was signed 'Deb.'

I'm just waiting for the proper time to contact Deb so we can have each other once more. My dick is twitching right now just thinking about it.