 Ethan loved driving Charlie's car. It was so big and low and easy to drive. He still loved his '66 GTO, but Charlie's Olds was a laid back and take it easy kind of car.

It was a beautiful, sunny morning. He parked the car in the lot outside Lena's apartment building. He stood at the panel of buttons outside the door, trying to remember which apartment he was in last night. He never heard Lena's last name, so that didn't help. He guessed and pushed one of the buttons for the third floor, but there was no answer. He tried another button, and a girl's voice answered.

"Hello?" she said.

Ethan hesitated. Was that Lena's sister?

"Uh, hi. It's me. Ethan? I was here last night with Charlie?"

There was a pause for a few seconds.

"Come on up," the girl's voice said, and the door buzzed.

He went up the stairs, knocked and waited. Tori opened the door.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," Ethan said.

She was as beautiful as he remembered, maybe even more. She was wearing a pair of faded jeans and a white turtleneck shirt. Her auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail. They stood for a minute staring at each other.

"Is Charlie still here?" Ethan finally said.

"Yeah. You wanna come in?"

She stepped aside and held the door open. He went in.

Immediately he smelled a strong, pungent odor that filled the whole apartment. On the coffee table in front of the couch was an ashtray filled with ashes and tiny, twisted cigarette butts. They had smoked the hash.

"You left pretty early last night," Tori said.

"Yeah. I wasn't feeling well."

He noticed the way she was looking at him. He'd seen that look in her eyes before from other girls.

"Sorry to hear that. You feeling better now?"

"Some . Is Charlie ready to go?" Ethan said.

Tori giggled. "He's a little ... indisposed right now. He got pretty wasted last night."

Ethan looked at the closed bedroom door. "Are they asleep in there?"

"Sort of. They've been asleep for a while. Every now and then I hear them going at it."

Ethan started toward the door. "Maybe I should get him up."

Tori put her hand on his arm. "Maybe you should let him sleep."

Ethan looked surprised. She smiled.

"Have a seat. Would you like some coffee?" she said.

"Uh, sure," Ethan said.

He sat on the sofa in the same spot he sat last night. Tori went to the kitchen once again. He watched her move about, opening the cupboard for a coffee mug, pouring the coffee.

"Do you like cream or sugar?" she said while she poured.

"Sure, just a little."

She brought the mug out and handed it to him. He held the hot mug in his uninjured hand and took a cautious sip. It was very good. Tori sat beside him, folded her legs Indian style, and picked up her glass of Mountain Dew. They were quiet for a few minutes, sipping their drinks.

"How did you hurt your hand?" she said.

"Excuse me?"

"Your hand. How did you hurt it?"

Ethan raised his injured hand and cradled it in his good hand.

"Oh, uh, in a fight," he said, and felt sheepish.

"Ah," Tori said and nodded.

She was looking straight ahead while she sipped. Her skin was soft and pale. He had seen that she was beautiful before, that was not difficult to notice, but he had not realized how beautiful she was, how much more so than Lena. Lena had a hardbody, lean and firm, but Tori was softer, more delicate, her features more classically feminine.

Her cute eyes were small and girlish, her nose was a little button that turned up at the end, her lips were full and pouty. Her jaw tapered into her neck, which seemed too fragile to hold up her head.

Her round breasts were deliciously obvious beneath snug fitting turtleneck shirt, and their shape was accentuated by the flatness of her stomach and the gentle curve of her waist.

She turned and looked at him. Ethan realized he was staring at her and snapped his head around to face the other direction. He took a deep breath, totally embarrassed that she had seen him gawking at her body.

Tori cleared her throat.

"Um, how many stitches did you get?" she asked.

"Twelve, I think," he said, holding up his hand as if it was an exhibit. "You probably think I'm pretty stupid for fighting."

She giggled. "Yeah, I do. Did you win?"

Ethan started to explain to her why he had been fighting, but was confused by her question.

"If you think fighting is stupid, why do you care whether or not I won?" he said.

"Just curious."

Before he could ask her his next question, she stood up.

"You want more coffee?" she said.

He stopped with his mouth open, distracted in the middle of speaking. He looked down at the mug. He had drank only about half of it.

"Uh, sure," he said.

She held out her hand. He put the mug in it. She went back into the kitchen. He watched her ass cheeks, which were so neatly encased in her tight jeans, move side to side as she walked, and he groaned.

Tori poured more coffee into the mug and returned to the living room. She had a sly smile on her puffy lips as she walked toward him, shifting her hips side to side. She stopped in front of him.

"Here you go," she said, holding out the mug.

"Thanks," Ethan said, and took the warm mug.

He lifted it to his lips and tilted his head back to sip. Tori was still standing in front of him. He looked up at her eyes while he drank. Her lips were still curved up in a smile.

Her hands came up to the front of her jeans. His eyes followed them, and he lowered the mug. She popped open the button of her jeans and pulled down the zipper, peeling the two sides away like peeling a banana. His eyes widened when he saw the top of her black panties. He set the mug aside. Tori turned herself sideways and sat on his lap, pressing her soft, firm ass on the long, hard ridge of his cock. It wedged itself in the warm groove between her cheeks. She lowered her lips to his mouth and kissed him.

"Lena told me you had a bad night last night. She said I should make you cum," she said.

She kissed him again. Ethan placed his left hand on her hip.

"Make me cum? She told you that?"

"Yep."

"You've been assigned to make me cum?"

"No. I volunteered."

She took his right hand off the arm of the sofa and stuck it down the front of her open jeans. His fingers under the elastic band of her panties and touched the soft, downy hairs on her warm mound.

"You made me wait all night for this," she said and groaned.

His fingers inched toward the soft, wet lips between her spread thighs. She spread them wider. He pushed his middle finger between her lips and rubbed it back and forth over her slit. He slid his other hand under her shirt to rub her flat belly and felt something cold and hard between the ridges of her stomach muscles. He raised the bottom edge of the white shirt and looked down. She had a pierced belly button and a small gold ring sticking out of it.

"Lena said you were built. Are you?" Tori said in a whisper.

"What do you consider built?"

Tori rubbed her ass on the hard ridge that stood up in his lap.

"Nine inches is built."

"I'm close to that."

"How big are you?"

"Twelve inches."

He watched her beautiful tits rise and fall on her heaving chest and press against the thin, white fabric. Her hard nipples stood out like a pair of buttons.

"Twelve inches? Oh my God. Are you kidding me?"

"Does it feel like twelve inches?"

"No. Is it really?"

"Yes."

She rubbed her ass on it while Ethan fingered her pussy.

"Ok. I'll take your word for it. Are you gonna show it to me?"

"You think I wouldn't?"

Tori shrugged. "I had to make sure."

She started to laugh. Ethan reached for her glass of pop and scooped out an ice cube with his fingers.

"This is kinky," he said.

Tori wasn't paying attention when he put his hand back down the front of her pants, spread her pussy lips apart, and slipped the ice cube into her cunt. She screamed and leaped off his lap.

"Oh fuck ... Oh shit that's cold," she shouted.

She jumped around the room with her hand down in her pants. Ethan laughed. Finally she stopped jumping around and turned to him.

"That was mean," she said.

Ethan shook his head. "That was kinky."

"Ok. Fine. Now that we've determined what kinky is, are you gonna show me your cock, or what?"

Her eyes glanced down at his lap. Ethan looked down to see what she was looking at. His erection was clearly visible in the leg of his jeans. He looked into her eyes. She grinned back at him, crawling closer on her hands and knees.

"Come on, show it tome," she said.

He unbuttoned his jeans, pulled the zipper down, and peeled the sides away the same as she had done. Tori licked her lips. He pushed his jeans down past his hips, and Tori gasped.

"Oh my God. It's true. You don't know how long I've looked for a man like you," she said.

Her warm hand closed around it and she leaned forward and kissed the head. Her puffy lips parted and it slipped right into her mouth.

Ethan moaned. Her wet lips smacked around his shaft. Tori moved her head back and forth, taking more of it into her mouth. Her left hand was closed around the shaft and her right hand reached under to squeeze his fat balls.

She reached for the glass of Mountain Dew, stuck her fingers in, and pulled out an ice cube. Pumping his cock for a few seconds, she popped the ice cube into her mouth. She giggled when she looked up at him. She grabbed his cock with both hands and shoved the entire length into her mouth.

Ethan gasped. The ice cube slid along the side of his shaft. Tori rolled it around the head of his cock. He put his hands around her head and pulled her closer, practically jamming his cock down her throat.

She gagged on it. The ice cube was pressed against her cheek, bulging out like she had a huge wad of chew in her mouth. He fucked her face, lifting his hips off the sofa and pushing his cock deep into her mouth.

She sucked it hard, tugging on his balls and jamming his cock to the back of her mouth. He gritted his teeth and winced when it felt like she was going to rip his balls off. He put his hands on top of her head, drawing back his hips when her teeth scraped along the shaft.

"Ow ... ow," he said.

Tori took his cock out of her mouth.

"Sorry. I get a little carried away sometimes," she said, and crunched the ice cube in her mouth.

The head of his cock rested on her lower lip and she tongued it absently, smearing the saliva that coated it on her chin and left cheek. She started licking along the side of the shaft and the thick vein that ran along the bottom with her icy cold tongue, letting the bulk of it rest on the bridge of her nose.

Ethan sighed, relieved that she was taking it a little easier on him. He brushed her hair away from her face. She reached his balls and sucked one into her mouth. It was large enough on its own to fill her mouth, but she sucked in the other one, as well. Her cheeks were puffed out like a chipmunk with its mouth stuffed with acorns. He moaned each time she sucked in her cheeks and pressed his balls together.

She released them and licked her lips.

"Did my sister blow you last night?" she said, and licked the shaft.

Ethan shook his head.

"Did you jerk off when you got home last night?" Tori asked.

"No."

"That's too bad. These are pretty full right now, aren't they?" she said and rubbed his balls.

"Oh yeah. They hurt."

"They feel pretty full." She gripped the shaft and licked the head of his cock like a lollipop. "You don't mind if I empty them, do you?"

"No."

"You ever cum in a girl's mouth?"

"Once or twice."

"She swallow it or spit it out?"

She stroked the swollen, purplish head with her tongue.

"Some swallow. Some spit it out."

"About a month ago I went out with this guy and we had some margaritas. When I blew him later he tasted like limes. Did you drink anything this morning?"

She closed her lips around the head and started sucking.

"Orange juice. Maybe it'll taste tangy."

Tori smiled, showing her teeth alongside his cock. Her bright eyes shined. She was ravishing, especially with his cock in her mouth.

He dug another ice cube out of the glass of pop. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue and he put the ice cube on it. Watching his eyes, she closed her lips around the head of his cock.

He sighed and closed his eyes when he felt the ice cube on one side of his cock and her warm tongue on the other side. Tori's head moved slowly back and forth, working her lips farther and farther down on his cock. He could feel the warm breath from her nose in his pubic hair and he could hear her soft, muffled moans. She was damn good at this.

He moved his hips back and forth. Tori moved her head faster. The soft insides of her cheeks and the warm, wet surface of her tongue rubbed the hot skin of his cock. He moved his hips faster. He was breathing hard. He could feel the orgasm building inside him. It was going to be a good one. Tori was going to get a mouthful of cum.

She had one hand on his thigh and one hand on his balls, kneading them, as if she was milking him like a cow. She had her eyes squeezed shut and was moaning when his knees turned weak and rubbery and he groaned. His orgasm burst in her mouth like a dam break.

Her eyes shot open wide and her squeal was muffled by his cock, but she kept sucking up the cum that quickly filled her cheeks. He grunted with each pulse of his cock until the orgasm began to taper off and his cum only dribbled onto her tongue.

She quickly pulled his cock out of her mouth and stood up. Her mouth was open and she had a thick gob of white cum on her tongue as she leaned forward, wrapped her arms around his neck and tilted her head to kiss him. For a moment, the thought of eating his own cum repulsed him, but he closed his eyes, opened his mouth, put his hands around her waist and let her kiss him.

She mashed her lips against his lips and thrust her tongue deep into his mouth, rolling it on his tongue to spread his cum around, as if she wanted to make sure he tasted it.

She pulled away with a smack of her lips. He opened his eyes. She was smiling. Her face glowed with color. His own cum coated her lips with a pearly sheen.

"Well?" she said, standing in front of him with her hands on her hips.

"Well what?"

"Does it taste like orange juice?"

"No, I don't think so."

She shook her head. "I didn't think so, either."

She pulled the bottom of her shirt up, exposing her belly, the shiny ring in her belly button, and her perfect tits.

"Now I want to feel you inside me."

She pushed down her jeans, stepped out of them, and climbed onto his lap, straddling his legs. She held his long, hard cock pointed up between her legs.

"Be gentle with me," she said, rubbing her thumb over the head.

"I'll try."

With one hand, Tori held the lips of her pussy apart. With her other hand, she guided his penis to the opening.

"I always wanted to feel a man your size inside me," she said as she rubbed the head of his cock along her wet slit.

Her small hand barely closed around the thick shaft. The lips of her pussy seemed to open up to suck it in.

"I've been searching for a tool this size for years."

She lowered her weight on him and her eyes and mouth opened wide as the shaft slipped through her fingers.

"Oh yes ... Oh yes," she moaned.

Her teeth clenched together until she was completely settled on his lap. Ethan had his hands around her slender waist where her hips started to flare out, as if guiding her down on his cock. Her warm, wet pussy was so tight it was almost unbearable.

"That feels incredible," she breathed, looking into his eyes.

"Is it big enough for you?"

She laughed. "You'll do."

She started moving her hips up and down. Ethan's hands slid up her sides and squeezed her tits. He stuck out his tongue and licked the warm skin between her tits. Tori moaned and tossed her head back. She put her arms around his head, cradling him like a child as he sucked her nipple.

He looked up at her. Her mouth was open and her full, pouty lips quivered. She leaned forward and kissed him.

The bedroom door opened. Lena came out of her room wearing just a t-shirt, rubbing her sleepy eyes. She stopped when she saw them on the sofa.

"What the hell's going on here?" she said.

"Do you mind? We're trying to fuck here," Tori said.

Lena put up her hands.

"Don't mind me," she said.

She went past them to the kitchen, looking away. They watched her until she disappeared behind the wall, then they looked at each other and giggled. Tori started moving her ass up and down again.

She leaned close to him to whisper in his ear.

"I think you're going to make me cum," she said, and nibbled his earlobe.

Ethan smiled. He finally met somebody he really liked.