 Lenny was a confirmed bachelor and he liked it. A man in his mid thirties that had never had any kind of long term relationship he was now comfortable in his bachelorhood. All that changed the day he met Shirley, he never knew what hit him. They lived in the same building and Lenny had seen her before that day, maybe even said hi to her or maybe not, he couldn't remember. 

Shirley was also a lifelong bachelor, not by choice but by fate. For some reason Shirley was one of those forgettable people, nice and polite but somewhat plain looking, somewhat shy. She didn't know why her hair had to be called mousey-brown but that was her color. No one ever called her eyes limpid pools; they were just brown and kind of small. She had no idea that her smile was her best feature and maybe that was a good thing. For if, she had known she would have walked around like the village idiot smiling all the while.

Shirley never thought of herself as fat either but even she had to admit that she was at least chubby. When she looked at her naked image in the mirror, she jokingly thought of herself as a man's dream woman only upside down. Shirley was big on the bottom and small on top, her thighs were so wide that when she wore stockings the fat bulged over the tops and stuck around her suspender straps. Even Shirley had to admit that her arse was getting so wide that she stopped wearing pants in public. She secretly feared she would soon be charged for an extra seat when she flew. However, poor Shirley was, so flat on top it just wasn't fair. Even though she was a b-cup at best, she always bought c-cup brassieres because she didn't want the salesgirl to know how small her breasts actually were.

Whereas Shirley knew exactly how she looked, it wasn't the same with Lenny. Now if you were to ask Lenny about his looks he might say anything from GQ model to Mr. America runner-up. This would not be an outright lie but rather his own non-attention to his physical make-up. Of course, you don't know Lenny but as you might guess he looks nowhere close to either of these two examples. Lenny is a jeans and tee shirt kind of guy, maybe a flannel shirt if the weather drops to cold. That's not a six-pack you see around his waist but little rolls of fat. As my father used to say,

"He's no Ralph Kramden but then he's no John Wayne either."

If you add in Lenny's suspicious hygiene along with hair more often greasy than clean you get a general picture as to why he is a bachelor. 

That fateful Saturday started for Lenny the same as most, a cup of instant, a bowl of cold cereal, and the game on TV. The knock on his front door was most unusual as he seldom had visitors. When he answered his door, he wasn't sure if he knew the woman standing there in her robe or not.

"Hi, I'm sorry to bother you; I live down the hall, yeah down that way. I was just getting into my shower and somehow I broke the knob off the faucet. Water is gushing out all over and I don't know what to do and when I came out here, I heard your TV so I knew you were home. Do you think you could come take a look at it?" 

What Lenny may have lacked in the social graces he more than made up with his ability around a toolbox. Anything from hanging a screen door to putting a muffler on a car and yes, fixing a broken faucet Lenny could do and do well.

"Let me get my tools and I'll see what I can do."

They exchanged names on the way to her place and Lenny thought that she sure talked a lot. Once inside her apartment, he quickly analyzed the problem and almost as quickly fixed it. As he finished up Shirley began to see what she could do with all the water on the floor. As she dabbled and mopped, Lenny couldn't help but notice her robe had opened up and he was now gazing upon her breasts hanging out of said robe. This sight was going straight to his groin and just as Lenny was beginning to enjoy the view, she looked up and caught him.

Shirley could tell the look on his face was pure lust but instead of worrying about what he might do to her, she found that she was intrigued. She could not remember a male lusting after her body and so instead of covering up as a proper lady should she looked him in the eye and then opened her robe to reveal more. Even to Lenny who was dumb as a box of rocks when it came to matters of the heart, he knew this was an invite from the lovely lady. He stood and put his grease-streaked hand on her pale breast leaving black smudges.

"Would you care to join me in the shower, we can try out your handy-work?"

She slipped off her robe and let it drop to the floor and there she stood, naked in front of a man for the first time in a long, long time. Lenny flayed around jumping on one leg as he tried to undress as fast as he could and was soon naked as she. Shirley began bathing her handy man from tip to toe using her scented soaps and shampoos. She took extra time with his manhood washing and holding until somehow she knew if she didn't stop, he would be beyond stopping. Next, she let him wash her; she enjoyed his manly hands scrubbing her body all over. He too spent extra time with her privates and although he was a little rough, it still gave her pleasure.

They dried each other with fresh towels and then in another brash move that surprised even her, she took his hand and led him to her bedroom. This is where I should say their lovemaking was exquisite beyond both of their hopes but I can't. Shirley nervous and under lubricated, and Lenny shy and inexperienced it was a recipe for disaster and they both were relieved when it was over. Afterward he lay down next to her, more to catch his breath than anything else. When she cuddled up closer, then put her head on his chest he found he liked it. They lay together as he took in the flowered scent of her shampoo and when he kissed her hair, she turned her face up to him. 

They began to kiss, awkward but tender and as the kiss lasted, the passion began to build. Soon both were hot as teenagers at the drive-in movie and Shirley pushed Lenny onto his back, then climbed on top of him. She was now hot enough to be well lubricated and she found that the cowgirl position gave her more control over their action. She rode him hard and fast until they both orgasmed at the same time. Poor Lenny had no idea what they had accomplished on just their second time but Shirley knew and accepted it as a sign.

From that day on Shirley and Lenny were a couple, a couple, something neither thought they ever be in. Was it fate, if the faucet hadn't broke or if Lenny's TV wasn't turned on yet would they have met? Moreover, once together was it cupid that gave poor shy Shirley not only the nerve to flash her body to a stranger but then to drag him to her bedroom to mate with him? I guess we'll never know for sure but somehow these two people, so different yet so much alike became a pair. 

Even we that are not beautiful people deserve love and a relationship. To all you lonely people out there never give up hope, your Shirley could be living just up the hall just waiting for her faucet to break. You cannot predict the future no matter how hard you try, so be like Shirley and when you see your chance grab it.