 Just seconds after getting the sex of her life, Leslie answered her front door, looking sombre as she let her boyfriend come in. She was wearing a green T-shirt, no bra, so her monster tits were hanging loose inside. She wore loose grey track pants, no socks. Her shoulder length brown hair was down. Obviously she had not showered, hell she hadn't even properly wiped all the cum off her body! Yet, she still looked beautiful to Danny. No matter how pissed off at her he was, he could not deny that he badly wanted to screw her right there and then, not knowing that she's already had her fill! 

Scott hid upstairs while Danny and Leslie argued in the living room. For thirty minutes, the two argued, anger turning to sadness as the inevitable approached. She sat on the couch, he stood in the middle of the room before her, and broke it off. Had he known that another guy was dicking her hungry pussy as Danny pulled into her driveway, who knows what he would have done. 

She cried. Overcome by guilt and despair, the 'I don't want to be alone' feeling, she wept. Even though she found a superior lover, and discovered the wonderful world of orgasm, she still had trouble admitting it was over. She stood up and hugged him, still crying. He was conscious of her tits pressed against him, he couldn't even get sex off his mind while dumping her!! Holding strong, he managed to control a hardon. After a few more minutes, he broke the hug. 

Leslie walked him to the door, tears still streaming down her face. 

"Don't go!" she cried. He left. If he could think of a way where he could fuck her one more time, he would have, believe me. But he couldn't see that happening so he left. 

Sobbing as the door shut, Leslie walked over to the couch and sat down, face in her hands. Scott came down the stairs cautiously. Seeing that the coast was clear, he came down and sat beside her on the couch. He was wearing only his boxer shorts. He put his arm around her shoulder and she let him pull her close. 

"Why are you so upset?" he asked, "You knew you were breaking up and it didn't bother you earlier. " 

"I know," she sobbed, "but it's still hard. " It was easier looking at HIM though. His smooth bare chest, broad shoulders, she couldn't stop herself from being aroused. Her crying turned him on for some reason. Being with someone who is so emotionally charged had an affect on him, and this affect could be seen in his boxers. 

"Ok," he said, "Where was he when he broke it off?" 

"He was standing there. " she said, pointing. Scott got up and walked to the middle of the small living room. 

"Here?" he asked. She nodded, confused. "Come here. " he ordered. She got up and walked over to him. 

"Lie down. " he said. Now she was really confused. "Go ahead!" he encouraged. She lay down on the floor on her back. He knelt between her legs and grabbed her pants and pulled downward. Understanding dawned on her and a tingling sensation shot from her pussy through her entire body as she raised her ass off the floor for him. He slid both Leslie's pants and her panties down her long, sexy legs, exposing her bush. She pulled each foot out of them and put her feet flat on the floor, legs open for him. 

Her crying had stopped, her breakup had moved to the back of her mind as memories of her orgasms came flooding back. Her pussy moistened tremendously, her heart pounded, and her breathing deepened. Suddenly all she wanted was to be touched, pleasured. 

Scott looked at her swollen, pink pussy lips, framed by curls of brown pubic hair. He bent and kissed the lips of her vagina. Leslie gasped. He slid his hands under her ass, squeezing her ass cheeks softly as he kissed the top of her inner thigh. He kissed the very top of her leg, just beside her pubic hair, teasing her. She found herself writhing the air. His tongue shot out and slowly, ever so slowly, licked from the bottom of her pussy lips up to the top. She was so wet he lapped a lot of her juice into his mouth. She sighed. Danny who? He gently licked up and down her sensitive lips, she quivered beneath him. 10 minutes earlier Danny had dumped Leslie, having no idea that in the exact spot he dumped her, Scott's face would be buried between her thighs. Scott slid his tongue far into her twat. 

"Ohhhhhh. " she moaned softly, her hand stroking his hair. She was soaking wet! He lapped much of her juices out of her pussy, tasting her, teasing her. He sucked her swollen lips into his mouth, much to her delight. 

"Ohhh God. " she sighed. He held the lips in his mouth, sucking on them as he ran his tongue up and down them rapidly. A few moments later, mercifully, he released Leslie's pussy lips. He sucked the tiny nub of her clit into his mouth, catching her offguard. "OHHH!" she cried, orgasm suddenly well on it's way. Holding her clitoris between his lips, his tongue flecked over it lightly. She began to hump his face, her hand no longer stroking his hair, but grabbing it in her fist. He released her clit, tongue rapidly licking it. His tongue was unrelenting, licking her horny clit. She came. 

"OHHHHHHhhhh!" she moaned, writhing her hips in the air, rubbing his face with her pussy. "Ohhhhhhhh God!" she sighed, her entire body on fire, the walls of her cunt were pulsating. He was squeezing her bare ass hard, holding her writhing pussy in place while he continued licking her clitoris. Finally, her orgasm subsided, but the itch in her cunt was still there, still needing something to satisfy it. Still on his knees, he got up and pushed down his boxers, unleashing his huge cock. 

Leslie stared hungrily at his 9 inch cock as he crawled up the floor towards her. She was gasping for breath. Scott pushed her T-shirt up her body, exposing her belly, then her huge tits. She allowed him to pull her shirt off, becoming completely naked for him again. Staring at her breasts, he could not ignore their beauty. Grabbing them with both hands, he buried his face in them, kissing all over her cleavage and licking all around her areolas. His hands kneaded the soft mounds of flesh as he licked at her nipples. 

She could not catch her breath, she was so filled with desire both from the sensation of his tongue on her nipples and from the knowledge that his big dick was inches away from her very wet treasure. He finally forced himself to leave her breasts, and he kissed up her chest and neck. Their lips met for the first time since she became single, and they kissed passionately, lips smacking. She eagerly sent her tongue into his mouth, and he did the same to her, rubbing the shaft of his cock along her unprotected slit. She was breathing heavily into his mouth, desperately needing him to bring his cock back too far and slide it into her. They writhed against each other, kissing sloppily. Scott brought his hips back, his cock sliding down her slit on its own. He could feel tremendous heat from her pussy as it touched the tip of his dick. He broke the kiss so he could watch her reaction. He pushed forward. 

The pink lips of Leslie's cunt opened for him, almost pulling the top of his penis inside. "Ohhhhhh God... " she moaned, eyes closing, head arching back. Heat engulfed the top few inches of his organ as her tightness gripped him. He pulled back a little, letting her vagina adjust once more to his size. He pushed forward again, this time his entire penis slid into her hungry tunnel. "OHHHH!" she cried, smiling. It felt amazing. She felt so full. She felt as if she wanted to be that full forever. All that was on her mind now was how good she felt. She felt his lips on hers and she eagerly kissed back, sliding her tongue into his mouth, gasping for breath as she kissed him. 

Leslie opened her legs wider, her feet still on the floor as Scott began to slowly slide in and out of her. He broke the kiss so he could watch her moan beneath him, her hands were clawing at his back, her eyes were still closed. He began to ram his monster cock into her pussy harder, causing her to cry out with pleasure. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" her moans carried throughout the house as she got fucked on her livingroom floor. Another orgasm was charging forth as he picked up the pace. She raised her feet into the air, increasing the feeling in her cunt as Scott jackhammered in and out of her. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!... oh... God... OHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHH!" She came. The walls of her pussy squeezed and released his driving penis, her heart was pounding, she couldn't breathe. She loved cumming! Through it all, he still pounded into her. 

Her eyes were closed, her face was clenched in ecstasy, her huge tits were bouncing violently up and down to his thrusts. If he wasn't feeling so amazing, he'd be hypnotized by the sight of those beautiful breasts bouncing to the rhythm of their sex. After a couple more minutes, he slid his long, thick cock out of her twat with an audible 'slurp'. He rolled her over onto her hands and knees. 

It was at this point that he noticed he had a bit of rug burn on his own knees. He didn't care. The animal instinct that had consumed the two of them was forcing him to get his dick back inside her! Leslie looked so incredibly beautiful on her hands and knees. Huge tits hanging freely, gorgeous ass bent over, pink pussy lips swollen and quivering beneath that ass, long smooth legs, even the bottom of her feet turned him on! He knelt between her legs and she parted them further for him, heart pounding, pussy tingling uncontrollably, needed his long rod to fill her back up more than she ever needed anything! He ran the fat head of his cock down the crack of her lovely ass. He could hear her panting as she anticipated what was to come. 

Down her wet slit he slowly brought the top of his cock. It reached the entrance to her wonderful treasure and he held it there briefly, teasing the two of them. He slid himself slowly into her, and her hungry vagina eagerly gobbled him up. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh yes... Ohh God!" she moaned, treasuring the sense of intense satisfaction that she felt when his humongous tool eased into her snatch. She pushed her ass back towards him, grabbing every inch of his cock that he had to offer. He grabbed the sides of her ass and held his penis as deep inside her as possible, loving the warmth that held him. Scott took in the amazing view of her smooth ass pressed against his groin, completely hiding his dick. He slowly pulled back, watching the pink of her pussy lips pull outward slightly with his penis. He rammed it back in. "OHH!" she cried out in pleasure and pain. 

"Holy shit you're big!" she gasped. He pulled back again and again jammed it home. "OHH!" she moaned again. He began to fuck her doggy style at a steady pace, his long organ gliding in and out of her slick cunt. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned with each thrust. Her huge tits were rocking back and forth as she get screwed from behind. 

He fucked her faster, slapping hard against her soft ass. 'slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap, slap' went his groin against her ass, the slaps echoing throughout the room. She was losing it again, he could tell by the sound of her hyperventilating. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Oh oh oh oh oh... UNNNNNNNH! UNNNNNH!" she moaned, cumming hard. 'slap slap slap slap' He continued to jackhammer into her helpless body as she came. 

Wracked in ecstasy, Leslie was a moaning ragdoll, completely at the mercy of this big cock. He was losing it, overwhelmed by the sensual sight before him, the feelings her pussy gave his cock, and her beauty. Hearing her moan, watching her ass cheeks shake with each impact, all had a hand in driving him over the edge. 

He pulled his long penis out of Leslie's slick vagina, moaning. He held his monster cock in his hand above her ass. It jerked in his hand, and a stream of cum jetted out of his dick and into the air, landing on the middle of her back. Pussy still buzzing intensely, breathing heavily, she still felt warm liquid land on her back. 

Scott's penis jerked again and more sperm flew out, with less power this time, landing on her right ass cheek near her back. More and more thick white cum spewed forth, and he tried to aim it at the crack of her beautiful ass. He succeeded, as 2 globs of his jism streamed down the crack of her ass. He watched it slide down her wet slit, slowly dripping onto the carpet. He wiped the remainder of the cum off the top of his dick and onto her ass, it glistened in the light. 

While Danny sat at home, mourning the loss of his girlfriend, Leslie was naked on her hands and knees, gasping for breath, cum all over her sexy ass...