 A few years ago I had an encounter with a much younger girl that has somewhat become the inspiration for the stories I've been writing here. Most of what I write is a way of dealing with the persistent fantasies and enormous temptations I have where I exercise. I'm in my mid thirties, single, and still pretty fit, partially due to lucky genes, but I stay in shape by rowing. I keep my boat in the same boathouse where a high school rowing team operates, and when they practice there are about forty athletically built teenage girls walking about in nothing but spandex uniforms. As you can imagine, it's quite a sight.

I've been rowing there for several years now, and I've gotten to know all the regulars, including the coaches and a few of the parents of the kids, some of whom also row. And I'm a pretty affable guy, so I tend to get to know a handful of the kids as well by joking around with them. I try hard not to be a creepy guy who hangs around, but the eye candy is so hard to resist.

Most of the girls are pretty big and strong -- and generally as curvaceous as they are fit ¬-- but with every boat there's always one tiny little girl who steers. As attractive as the bigger girls are, and believe me they're very attractive, I have a fondness for petite women, so I frequently catch myself staring at the five-foot pixies in their cute little suits. One of these was a girl I'd actually gotten to know a little bit, a freckle-faced tomboy named Leslie.

Her family had been around for years. Her older brother had rowed for the high school before her, and her father had been a fixture at the boathouse the entire time. He and I were pretty well acquainted, but became even more so when the events leading up to this story started.

Because I knew both her father and her brother before her, it was easy for Leslie and I to become familiar with each other. I'd chat with her and her dad about this and that, and even give her some pointers on rowing. By the time she got to be a senior, she'd also started rowing in a single-person boat her father gave her. So when she flashed me her baby blues one day asking if she could try rowing my boat, which is far nicer than hers, I couldn't exactly say no. I'm big hearted enough that I would have said yes anyway, but in this case it would give me an excuse to hang out with her a bit more and give me time to check out the incredibly tight little butt she had under her snug uniform.

Unfortunately for me, karma had other plans for my mischievous hidden agenda, because when she brought the boat back in after her row there were three holes in it from where she ran into a submerged log rowing too close to shore. I was pretty pissed, but what was I supposed to do? I couldn't exactly yell at a seventeen year old when I knew she didn't have enough experience to begin with. And she was obviously upset by it, and more than apologetic. So I made a deal that she and her dad would have to help me fix it at their expense. In the end I got to know both of them a lot better, and things worked themselves out. 

After that, Leslie and I developed a sort of friendship, to the point where she even invited me to here graduation party, but normally it was all I could do to keep from constantly staring at her whenever we talked. When she finally went off to college she'd grown into a striking young woman. Still petite and having the same electric bootie, but with well-developed cleavage and gorgeous curly brown hair. With her freckles and tomboy nature, she was just as cute as could be.

After she'd gone away, I only saw her a couple of times during her freshman year when she'd come home for visits, but the conversations between us opened up a little. There's a whole new body of knowledge a college kid will be able to talk about freely that they can't really do when in high school. So I was able to be more myself around her, which meant pushing the bounds of decency a little more. I wasn't really thinking of actually doing anything with her, but I tried to be a little flirty, wondering if I'd ever manage to slip into the conversation how righteous I thought her ass was.

To my surprise she'd become a bit of a raunchy lass herself, dropping innuendos and off color comments, but I still felt like I should be careful around her. That began to change one day the summer after her first year when I started teasing her about how crappy her boat was compared to mine, to which she responded with a commanding, "Suck it!"

"Ooo, I love it when you talk dirty to me," was out of my mouth before I even thought not to say it.

"Well now," she said, surprised, "Aren't you the filthy old man."

"First," I said, recovering, "I'm not that old yet, so watch it. And second, I prefer to think of it as enthusiasm."

"You mean being a pervert?"

"Call it what you will," I said half jokingly, "I have talents I like to nurture, and I've received many a compliment for them. Besides, you're the one who told me to suck it." I almost added a playful "bitch" just to push it further, but let the silence that sprung up imply it.

I could see her blushing a little, obviously not prepared for the candidness of my response. But being the fighter that she is she rebounded quickly.

"Yeah, whatever. Don't you go braggin' about bein' all that, and just behave. And keep your eyes where they oughta be. Old man."

Now it was my turn to blush, and she saw it as plain as day. Did I just get busted for checking her out oh so many times in the past? All I could manage was, "Yeah, well, some things are well worth looking at, and that's all I'm gonna say."

"I think it would be best to stop there then, yes," she added. After that we went out on the water, and by the time I got back to the boathouse she'd gone home.

The next time I saw her our conversation was much more above board. I asked how she liked living at home after having free reign at college, and snickered when she confessed to having a curfew again. I asked if she was working at all, but all her parents were making her do were house chores instead of having to find a job. When I asked what she was doing for money, she admitted she wasn't going to be able to do much during the summer because she wasn't earning much at all. 

"Well, since you're already mowing your folks' lawn, you can mow mine too if you like. Twenty five bucks for forty-five minutes work?"

She gave me a suspicious little look, but said, "Sure, man, every little bit helps." And for the next couple of weeks I got my lawn mowed for just a few bucks. But she was clever enough to suspect my motives, and rightfully so, because she always mowed it in the middle of the day during the week, so I never got a chance to see her.

In order to actually spend some time with her, I decided to offer to pay her to help me put a small deck together in my back yard, a project I'd started earlier in the spring, but hadn't gotten around to completing. Honestly, I wasn't looking to start anything with her, just liked the opportunity to hang out and flirt a bit and watch her young body move. We'd maintained our pseudo-friendship, and a little harmless feminine companionship would be nice for a change.

The Saturday she came over was quite warm, and she showed up in a pair of baggy basketball shorts and a tank top with her hair back in a ponytail. I was a little disappointed that I wouldn't get the posterior view I'd hoped for, but figured it served me right for being a secret lecher. It took us about four hours to put down the deck boards on the already constructed frame, and we had a pretty good time just talking about her first year and swapping stories about our college adventures. At one point I asked her why she'd not gotten involved with anyone during the year.

"Guys just don't seem to get me," she said, sounding resigned but content with it. "I mean, I had a few dates, or flings, or whatever you wanna call it, but none of them really thrilled me. I think I'm a little too aggressive for them."

"Hey, there's nothing wrong with being a tomboy," I tried to reassure. "There're plenty of guys out there that go for that. I'm sure you'll find someone who gets you sooner or later. And I wouldn't worry about it," I added, "You're a pretty awesome chick, and not a bad looker, either."

"Aww, thanks" she said, a little mockingly. "So sweet. But how 'bout you? How come you're never seeing anyone?"

"I'm a little over it at the moment, nothing's ever really worked out." I sat back and thought about it for a second. "I broke the hearts of the ones I didn't think were right, and got my own broken by all the ones I thought were. The last time that happened I think it mighta broke for good, because my heart doesn't really take me anywhere anymore, if that makes any sense. Too much pain in the process."

"Ouch, man. That's depressing," she said. "So you're just not gonna try anymore?"

"Meh," I shrugged it off, "I still see people off and on a bit, but I'm only looking to hang out and have fun. I have to be upfront about not looking for the big romance, and not a lot of women respond to that, you know?"

"What happened to all that braggin' you were doing about your 'enthusiasm,' as you put it?" She was giving me a teasing smile.

I returned her look. "Yeah, well, that hasn't changed. But most women want more than that, and I'm pretty much only good for fooling around."

At this point we'd finished the job, and we put the table and chairs on top of the new deck and sat down to admire our work after I grabbed a couple of beers from inside. She sat facing me from me and pushed her chair back, putting her feet up on the table. Luckily I was wearing sunglasses, because her shorts were baggy enough that I could see pretty far up her legs, and caught flashes of pink fabric as she rocked her knees apart absentmindedly.

She took a long swig off her beer, and out of the blue said, "Remember when I wrecked your boat last year?"

"Uh, yeah."

"I want to thank you for being so cool about it. I mean, I never got punished for it or anything."

"What, you mean like your dad didn't ground you? It wasn't really that big a deal, and it's all fixed up fine now. Don't worry about it, we're good."

"Yeah, but, maybe I shoulda at least gotten a spanking for it." She pulled her feet off the table and stood up, putting her beer down. She then spun around, put her hands on her knees and wagged her butt in front of me.

I'm not sure if I blushed, but my blood definitely began to flow suddenly hot. "You seriously want me to give you a spanking?"

"Yeah," she said cutely. "Don't you think this ass needs it?" I didn't know what to say, so she continued, "I've seen you checking me out, you know. It's why I wore these baggies today, so at least we could get some work done. But now I think you should finally give me what I deserve."

I shrugged my shoulders, reached out, and gave her butt a playful swat, but just the brief feel of her firm behind on my palm was enough to stir an erection. "There, how's that?"

She was looking over her shoulder at me, and gave a little pout. "That wasn't much of a spank!"

"Harder?"

She smiled and nodded, "Yeah!"

I slapped her ass again, fairly hard this time, knocking her forward a bit and making her squeal. "Oo! That's better. But give me one more, even harder, please. Remember, I deserve this."

The thought of her begging to be spanked, along with the now firm hard-on in my jeans, made the lust in my blood swing even harder still, aggressively primal, and the contact made a resounding SMACK! 

"OW, Shit!" she let out, then giggled. "Damn, that's better," she said, reaching back to rub the sting out. "Gimme some more!"

Mustering my last bit of reason, I decided to leave well enough alone at this point. "I think I should stop there, don't you? I'm not sure if this is entirely appropriate."

"Not so enthusiastic after all, eh?" She stood up a little, judging me, disappointed. "What's wrong with you smacking my ass around?"

"Well, for one thing, your father would kill me if he found out, don't you think?"

"Pssh," she rolled her eyes. "Dude, there's all kinds of stuff my dad's never gonna find out about. Is that what you're afraid of?" She was standing up now, hands on her hips but still facing away. Her back was still arched to accentuate her butt, and she was rocking slightly side to side.

"Well, no," I said, trying to think it through. "I'm not sure what I'm afraid of. Just not sure if I should be giving a spanking to an eighteen year old girl in my back yard. I mean, I don't exactly want my neighbors to witness that."

"Dude, your whole yard is surrounded by hedges, so no one's gonna see anything. And for your information I'm nineteen, so kiss my ass." She wagged it at me again, so I gave it another vigorous swat.

"Oo! Nice, there's that talent you should be nurturing. But seriously, you should kiss my ass." She slid her shorts over her hips to reveal a pair of high cut pink lace panties clinging to her perfect round ass. "Kiss it!"

I'm pretty sure my mouth dropped open when she said this, and my cock was fully straining my pants, but I did as I was told. Grabbing her hips with both hands I leaned forward and pulled the tight bootie I'd been worshipping for years towards me and began to kiss it repeatedly all over. First on the exposed curves beneath her panties, then up around over the fabric before pressing my face deeply into the center, breathing in the aromas of perfume and a slight musk. She moaned just slightly as I did this, leaning onto the table, and said in soft, encouraging tones, "Yeah, there you go. Kiss it. Just like that. Good boy."

I think she was as turned on by her control as much as by the attention I was paying her, but there was a complete and irreversible shift in the arousal of both of us now, and everything now began to happen in a continuous flow of sexual hunger.

She reached back and gently grabbed the back of my head, pulling me away from her as she spun around. Stepping out of her shorts, she sat back on the edge of the table, spreading her legs apart. "You know what I want next, right?" she reached down and pulled her panties to the side, giving me a clear view of her neatly trimmed pussy, her lips already wet and slightly parted. "I've said it before, and I'll say it again now. Suck it!"

I looked at her and smiled, then dropped immediately to my knees and eagerly placed my mouth over her young, fuzzy slit. Her tanginess flooded onto my tongue as I pressed it gradually into her opening, wriggling inside her. Then I felt the pressure of her hand on the back of my head, pulling me in. "Oh, fuck yes, that feels so fucking good." She had my face firmly mashed up against her while her hips pressed up from the table to fuck my face. "Oh, yeah, suck it just like that. Good boy. Ooo, god yes, lick my clit like that. Ahh!" I'd forced the tip of my tongue up to her little button and was tickling it as best I could against the pressure of her hands holding me to her pussy.

By now my hands were under her, cupping her tight, flexing cheeks, digging my fingers in to her slightly moist skin, warmed under the heat of the afternoon sun. The sound of my breathing, heavily through my noise, was mingled with the moans coming from my throat as I tried to give her as rough a tongue fuck as I could. I could tell her filthy language was starting to turn her on, because the rhythm of her hips grew more steadily urgent with the cadence of her voice. 

"Come on, you fucker, suck my fucking pussy and make me come on you. Oh fuck, yes! Do it like that, do it like that, do it like that. Mmmm." I'm pretty sure that anyone in the vicinity could have easily heard us, but at this point I really didn't care. I just wanted this hot little sex pot to soak my face with her cum, which she did in just a few short minutes, and it was everything I was hoping for.

She held my face pressed hard up against her as her thighs began to convulse around me -- her pussy overflowed with so much wetness I think she may have had a little squirt -- and surprisingly, her orgasm was so intense it actually shut down her foul little mouth. Looking up all I could see was her head thrown back and her mouth wide open and gaping as her body shook. This was punctuated by sporadic gasps of air accompanied by her husky moans, until finally she came back around, throwing her head forward. 

"Ohhh, fuck! Wow, that was good!" She had a slight, delirious smile on her face, but kept a serious gaze into my eyes, holding my head in both her hands as she pulled me from my nesting place. "My, what a nice tongue you have! Now let's see what else you've got. Stand up!"

I did as I was told while she recomposed herself. "Strip, dirty boy." I looked around the yard I'd been happy to expose her in, but hesitated now that it was my turn.

"How 'bout if we g-," Smack! Her hand was across my face before I even saw it coming, her cute eyes angrily captivating mine. 

"How about take your fucking clothes off now, bitch!" she said with complete authority. My dick, which had subsided a little while sucking on her, was suddenly a rock in my jeans. I was begging to be told what to do, on fire with lust at the prospect, and immediately began to remove everything I had on. My jeans were the last to go, and my rigid cock stood happily between us for her inspection from her perch.

She reached out with one hand and gave it a tug, looking up at me, squinting in the bright sun. "Pretty hard dick you have there, boy." She reached out with her other hand and cupped my smooth balls. "Mmmmm, and these guys seem pretty loaded as well. Aw, and look how pretty and clean they are! Did you shave those all by yourself, dirty boy?" As she mocked me she dropped down to her knees and sat on her heels, giving her a close vantage from below. Raising my dick up, she opened her mouth and drew one, then the other of my testicles in.

"Mmmm," she hummed, eyes closed, tongue exploring. "You did a good job!" she praised when she came up for air, "Now let's see about the rest of you." Leaving my balls wet with her saliva, she rose back up on her knees and took the head of my cock deeply into her mouth, allowing her spit to linger on it. Holding me with both hands, she spread the wetness around until my entire cock and balls were soaking and slick for her fingers. She then proceeded to give me the wettest, stroking-est, most luxurious blowjob I have ever had. She absolutely savored my dick in her mouth, literally drooling over it, and massaged my balls and the length of the shaft to perfection. This magnificence was accentuated by continuous commentary from her devilish mind.

"So," she said, wiping a generous trail of cock-spit from her chin onto her forearm, "how does it feel to be my bitch, bitch? Your cock seems to like it plenty." Between involuntary moans I managed to utter, "I would be nobody else's..." On hearing this she gave my balls and dick a good squeeze, right to the threshold of discomfort, and held me still for a moment. "That's right, dirty boy. You're mine to fuck with. Got that?" And she tightened her grip further, making me squirm in slight pain. I just nodded, wanting her to be nice again a soon as possible. 

"So tell me," she took a lengthy suck on the head, "how often do you think about me, and what do you think about?" Anytime she wanted me to pay attention, she just hesitated for a moment, and gave my particulars a good squeeze.

"Whenever I see your car in the boathouse parking lot, I can't wait to get a glimpse of you in your spandex." Her delicious fellatio was just amazing, and she kept it slow and achingly steady, keeping me on a plateau of incredible pleasure, but never taking me beyond it towards loss of control. In my mind -- the last corner of it that had sensibility -- I couldn't help but wonder how this nineteen year old knew how to do such things, or where she got her dominance from. But those thoughts quickly gave way to waves of pleasure.
