 A few months ago I joined the local amateur photography club run by a retired photographer named Rusty. It's a small group of about 12 amateur photographers that meet once a month at the library. At a meeting we are given a new photographic assignment. At the following meeting we compare and discuss our photos and are given a new assignment. Last month's assignment had a bit of a twist to it.

Rusty said, "I want you all to gain some experience working with another person. For this assignment I'm going pair you off into groups of two. I want you to put your minds together and create an image of somehing in nature that you both enjoy. At the next meeting I only want you to bring back one picture. That one picture should represent you and your partner's collective efforts."

Rusty had each of us write our names on a small piece of paper and place it in a hat. Rusty then drew names from the hat. The first two names drawn were paired together, then the next two, and so on. My name was drawn along with Tammy's. Tammy was woman with a cute face in her late 20's. I really didn't know much about her. She was at the previous meetings that I attended, but I'd never really spoken to her. After the meeting ended, Tammy and I got together in the parking lot and agreed that we would meet on the following Saturday morning at the park to begin work on our assignment. We also agreed that each of us would come up with three ideas and of what we might want to photograph, and jot them on a piece of paper.

Saturday came and I found myself sitting on a park bench waiting for Tammy. A few minutes later I saw Tammy's car pull into the parking lot. She got out of her car and my first thought was, "Damn! Is that Tammy?" The cute woman from the club meeting done turned into a doll baby. Instead of the baggy jeans and sweat shirt I'd been accustomed to seeing her in, she was wearing a really short black skirt, and an extra tight orange shirt. I had no idea that she was so... busty and had legs till Tuesday.

"Hello," I said while undressing her with my eyes.

"Hi!" Tammy replied. "It's such a pretty day, isn't it?"

"Yes it is." In more ways than one, I thought to myself. "I've got my list of ideas for our photo assignment."

"I have too. Let's compare notes and see what we can come up with. What do you have on your list?"

In a playful manner, Tammy sat down on the bench right beside me, looked me in the eyes, and smiled the most beautiful sincere smile that I had ever seen. Made made me feel like the whole world had just lit up with warm sunshine. After a brief pause while enjoying the moment, I read my list of ideas to her.

"The sun setting over the lake, it's very pretty this time of year. Or maybe the big rock on the side of the mountain, it's so majestic against the blue sky. I thought the tiger lilies may be a good subject also since they are in full bloom."

"Cool," said Tammy, "those are some good ideas. First on my list are clouds, I love to watch the clouds and all the interesting shapes and patterns they form into. Next I thought about the wild ducks that hang out by the lake, and finally clover."

"Clover?" I asked with a slightly puzzled look.

"Yeah, clover... the 4 leaf ones. They are supposed to bring good luck to those that find them."

"That's interesting", I said, "I would have never thought about that. It's simple and represents good fortune, and I'll bet none of the other club members are doing that."

"Exactly, and I know where a large patch of clover is if you would like the subject of our assignment to be clover."

"Clover it is, show me the way."

Tammy got up and led me across to the park. Along the way we talked about how we both got interested in photography, and some of the stuff that we liked to do in our free time. Turns out we had a lot in common. She did tell me that she was glad to have me as a partner in this assignment and that she thought the other members of the club were rather boring.

She also said, "If you want maybe we could get together more often and take pictures. Maybe we can learn together and help each other out."

"Sure! I think that would be a lot of fun. I like you. You seem like a fun person and, I must say, you're very pretty."

Tammy smiled at me with a hint of a blush on her face. We approached the wooden fence that borders the park and Tammy said, "Here we are." Sure enough there was a huge clover patch right in front of it.

"Help me look," said Tammy.

I began looking around the clover patch for one of the fabled 4 leaf clovers. However, being with a beautiful woman in a short skirt, I found it difficult to concentrate on the clover. She had her back to me and was scanning the ground. Oh my...what a sight. She was bent over just enough for me to see a hint of her panties. White cotton panties. For a brief moment I imagined what it might be like to peel them panties off her ass. I didn't think there was any chance of me finding a four leaf clover. I just couldn't take my eyes off her for fear that I might miss something.

After a couple of minutes of watching her pretty ass stroll around the clover patch, Tammy pointed at the ground and exclaimed "I found one!"

"Really?" I said, walking over to her.

She reached for my hand and guided me right next to her.

Tammy looked at me, smiled and said, "Isn't that cool, this must be my lucky day." Then she bent over and picked the four leaf clover. What did she do that for? I thought to myself. I figured we would photograph it while it was still in it's natural setting.

Tammy then stood up and held the clover up to her breast with her right hand and closed her eyes. Perhaps she's making a wish, I thought.

When she opened her eyes I asked, "So what did you wish for?"

She looked at me a little seductively and said in a soft tone, "You really want to know?"

"Yeah."

Not taking her eyes off of mine she said, "I wished that you would kiss me," and smiled.

I stood frozen for a few seconds not believing what I just heard. No way. Stuff like this don't happen to me.

Finally I muttered, "Uhh... Uhh..." At the same time I noticed that she was closing in on me. I closed my eyes and felt her lips come in contact with mine. I felt the right thing to do in this situation was to kiss back. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her close to me as we kissed. Her lips were so warm and welcome, and her breast pressed against my chest was quite arousing. I felt her tongue enter my mouth. At this point I knew it was all over, I was putty in her hands, and I was ready to be molded.

Tammy broke off the kiss, laid down in the patch of clover, and motioned for me to join her. I looked around and she said, "Don't worry, no one is here this time of day." I laid down beside her and we continued our kiss. I rubbed my hand up and down the contour of her hip a few times then gently planted my hand on her breast. Tammy let out a moan of hunger and pushed her breast toward my hand as I massaged it through her shirt. I rolled her over on her back and she pulled her shirt up, revealing her nice plump breast to me. Tammy rubbed my back as I hovered over her, kissing and gently sucking on her nipples.

"Yeah," moaned Tammy.

My fingers found their way under her skirt and I started to rub her pussy through her panties. Tammy reached down and pulled her skirt up to give me more access. I took this as an open invitation and slid down her body, straddled her legs, reached under her skirt pulling her panties off. She spread her legs, I moved in and kissed her right on the clit. Her pussy was soft and smooth. I ran my tongue up and down her slit, paying special attention to her clit by sucking it gently into my mouth.

"Oh, that feels good," Tammy moaned.

Tammy spread her pussy open with her fingers as I continued to lick and suck on her clit. I could tell by the way she was working her hips into my face that she was getting into it. Tammy moaned and worked her hips harder and faster. I continued to work on that special spot that seemed to be driving her crazy.

"I'm gonna cum.... I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna cum.. I'm gonna to cum. I'm cumming!" Tammy moaned.

Her body froze for an instant and then jerked violently a few times. She put her hand on her pussy, looked me straight in the eyes and said, "I want your dick in me."

I pulled my shorts and underwear off and got on top of her. She reached down and started tugging and stroking on my cock with her hand. It wasn't long before it was hard as a rock and ready to be inside of Tammy's sweet pussy. I held my cock by the base and rubbed the head of it up and down her pussy slit. Gently I pushed the head of it into her opening slowing moving it in and out. Then with one constant slow motion I buried my cock all the way inside of her. Tammy's warm wet pussy felt so good surrounding my cock. Slowing I began working myself in and out her pussy. Tammy grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me into her with each stroke.

"Cum in me, cum in my pussy," Tammy said, "I want to feel you cum in me."

I started thrusting my cock into her pussy harder and faster.

"Oh, it feels so good," I moaned, and increased the pace.

I could feel myself approaching the point of no return. "I'm going to cum," I moaned.

"Cum in me baby. Cum in my pussy."

"Oh yeah I'm going to cum," I said as I got out one last thrust.

I felt myself explode as I flooded her pussy with my cum.

"Yeah, I feel it baby," exclaimed Tammy, "Cum in my pussy. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah."

I collapsed on top of Tammy and we held each other close for a while in that clover patch at the park. I think that four leaf clover brought us both some good luck that day. Tammy and I have been together ever since. What happened to the four leaf clover? I found it in my butt crack that afternoon when I took a shower. We ended up taking a picture of the clover patch for the club assignment. At the following club meeting, Rusty asked us why we chose the clover patch as the subject of our assignment. Tammy and I looked at each other, smiled, and said, "It's something we both enjoyed."