 While not necessary to understand the story, it wouldn't hurt to read the first part of this story, Let it Snow. Part II takes place approximately two years later...

--

My truck started easily in the morning. I looked in the rearview mirror, noticing the bags under my eyes. Yet again, a full night's sleep had been denied. Too many dreams wandered through my head at night.

I pulled out of the parking lot, and headed to school. It was only a couple minutes away, but I was running a little late. The drizzling rain was going to be an issue, but I had heard it was supposed to taper off soon.

My tendency to show up late had not gone unnoticed by some of the other teachers. A few snide comments had been made, but I had let them go.

I didn't care, to be honest.

--

I pulled into the school, and cursed at the lack of plowing. No decent place to park. Yes, now I was officially screwed. I parked in the far lot, and jogged over the rain-drenched pavement to the main doors.

As I pulled the doors open, I pondered whether to stop in the office and check my mail, or just head directly to my classroom. I decided to sneak in and out of the office, in the hope that no one would say anything.

It was a valiant effort, foiled only by a student running headfirst into me. He hit the ground with a thud and a sheepish "sorry, Mr. O'Shea".

Wonderful. I made an attempt to laugh it off, but the look on the secretary's face was enough to let me know that my late entrance had gone unnoticed. She tapped her watch at me in that annoying kind-of way.

Yes, wonderful.

I grabbed the papers out of my mailbox, and headed off to homeroom. I took the long way around, making sure not to run into her.

That was the last thing I needed.

--

By the time lunch rolled around, I had pondered the question "Why did I get out of bed today?" about 20 times. I had left the tests to my upper division Comp Sci's class at the apartment; I had planned on spending the period going over their miserable grades with them, but instead had to come up with something on the spot.

The moment I had that realization, the department head showed up for an unscheduled observation. 

I knew that there were stories going around, about me. I was making a conscious effort not to be present for any... awkward questions or conversations. Although I had been on-campus for two years, I was still an outsider to most of the faculty. The conditions under which I'd been hired hadn't exactly endeared me to my "colleagues".

I leaned back in my chair, irritatingly tapping a pencil against my chair. I decided to go through the memos in my mailbox.

The top sheet was a small note, written in crisp penmanship. My heart skipped a beat.

Mr. O'Shea – The deadline for new teachers, regarding employment next year, is Friday, December 13th. Please let me know what you're going to do. Best, Mr. Williams

I sighed, and rubbed my temple. Great.

"Mr. Williams" and "Mr. O'Shea".

Not "Chuck" or "Scott". All of a sudden, he doesn't know me, let alone remember all the times I had eaten dinner with his wife and... her sister.

Which means she hadn't told him.

Yes, this day was complete and utter shit. I crumpled the note and tossed it away.

God, I needed a drink.

--

I flew out of school, blowing off the faculty meeting. I never did more than nod my head and smile, anyways. Besides, I had somewhere I needed to be.

I had made the odd choice, several years ago, to take a second job at the local mall. It was where my current employer had... ah... "found" me. I hadn't worked there the following winter, but this year, with everything going on, I decided I needed all the "Christmas Cheer" I could get.

So, I returned to the greatest job of all:

Santa Claus.

The irony wasn't lost, during self-reflection. I was bitter, unhappy and miserable. But I was attempting – with some measure of success, I must proudly admit – to bring happiness to others, while trying to cheer myself up.

Yes, there's some fucked-up circular reasoning there. But, I do what I have to do to get by.

Teaching was supposed to be my escape. Now it's become my prison.

I sat in the locker room, changing quietly into my garb. The cute little elf made a comment to me, but I wasn't in the mood. I had way too much fun with an "elf" in here, once. No, I wasn't going to make that mistake again.

I walked out with the elf, all dressed up as Saint Nick. I sat down in the chair, adjusted myself and took a deep breath.

"Ho, Ho, Ho!" I called out. "Who wants to see Santa?"

Blessedly, there was already a line of children to take my mind off matters.

--

6 hours, and one sore ass later, I wearily stepped into the shower, scrubbing my body down. The mall had added the showers to the locker room, a gesture of which I was readily grateful.

I had remembered to bring some clean clothes (but not those damn tests, my conscience reminded me), and I was still running late.

I was finally going to get that damned drink I'd been craving all day.

--

The scotch ran down my throat, smooth as ever. And it tasted fantastic.

"You look like shit." Mike said.

My shoulders slumped. "Please let me enjoy my drink."

"Well, you do look like shit."

"I really am trying to enjoy this drink. Do you even know how they make scotch?"

"I don't really care."

"I'm sure there's a good reason you're my friend. But right now, I'm having a difficult time remembering why." I commented wryly.

"Because when you're being an ass, I tell you?"

"Oh, this is fantastic. And how is it you don't let me do the same for you?" I snarled, not pleased at getting a lecture.

"Because I have Carly to keep me in line."

"Really, 'Mr. Morals'? And you cheated on her with Elaine, because...?" As soon as the words were out of my mouth, I knew I had crossed the line. Mike stared at me, obviously pissed off.

"There's a reason you always end up alone. Even in college, you were like this. You always push people away." He stood up, and grabbed his jacket, tossing a five-dollar bill onto the bar.

"Look, I'm sorry, I just had a bad da-"

"You always have a bad day, you realize that? You want to be a miserable, selfish prick, fine. Be a dick. Just don't start your shit with me." He slipped his jacket on.

"Mike, really, I didn't me-"

"There's a reason no one else will come out with us. Everyone's sick of your crap." He stood right in my face. "It's not your fault, or mine, that she screwed you over. We all have problems with our girlfriends and wives, but we all face them. You just try to run away."

He gestured to my glass.

"Or try to drink it away."

He walked out the door, without another word.

--

I sat there, nursing my drink. Lost in my thoughts, I found myself both angry with Mike, and angry with myself. 

I knew he was right. That wasn't an easy pill to swallow, but he was right. I really did have my head up my own ass. Again. I knew that it wasn't as bad as he intimated, but I knew we'd patch this up. It would just take some time.

I still felt like an ass, though. I walked over to the pool table, and mindlessly put 4 quarters in. Mike and I were supposed to play a couple games, but that was obviously not going to happen.

I needed some practice anyways. I racked the balls, walked to the other end of the table, and shot the cue ball towards the other end of the table.

"Nice shot."

I blinked. Apparently, I had an audience. Standing off to my right was a girl, holding one of the pool cues.

"Hey, thanks." I replied awkwardly, trying to decide if I wanted to practice, or let her cut in and play.

"You playing with anyone?" She asked, gesturing to the table.

"No, not really." I said, taking another shot, and missing. I cursed out loud.

"Umm. Okay." She paused, chalking the cue.

"Wait. Sorry." I said. I stopped for a second, and took a deep breath. "You wanna play?" I managed a weak smile.

She chuckled, the light flashing off the hoop pierced through her lip. "Yeah, but I'm not really good."

"Well, it beats playing with myself." I said, trying to make a weak joke. Unfortunately, it came out the wrong way.

She smiled broadly. "How's that again?"

I winced, and smiled sincerely in spite of myself. "Okay. That wasn't what I meant. See, I meant-"

"It's okay. I get it."

"No, really, see, I was intentionally trying to make a bad joke..."

She waited, a sly grin on her face. "And...?" she gestured.

"Okay. Forget it. Let's just say foot in mouth, and move on?"

She laughed. "Deal, I'll rack." 

She tossed off her leather jacket, and my eyes almost popped out of my sockets.

"There is no way you walk around wearing that all day." I pronounced.

A tight silver tank top and shiny silver shorts matched her silver high-heels. She smiled. 

"Yeah, I just got off from work. Pool relaxes me." She said, shaking her jet-black hair.

"Dancer?" I asked.

"Yeah." She grinned again. "How'd you guess?" She shook her butt at me and we both laughed.

"I don't know if you meet the strict dress-code for this place," I joked dryly. "Technically, your cleavage is popping out too much for that... thing... to be considered a 'shirt'."

She laughed again. "Should I take it off?" She smirked.

"Hmm." I pretended to consider the idea. She hit me in the shoulders.

"Take your shot, you dirty man."

I moved the cue ball around for a moment, watching her out of the corner of my eyes. I refused to let this beautiful, scantily clad distract me. She leaned over, boobs almost popping out.

"Well?" She challenged.

I sneered jokingly. "I will not be baited by you, woman. And I will be victorious!"

Ten minutes later, I watched in disbelief as she sunk the eight ball. 

"Unbelievable," I gasped. "That was just..."

I pointed at her, mockingly. "You tricked me."

She swiped the $20 off the pool table that I had mistakenly thought would be mine. 

"I didn't really trick you." She said, trying not to smile.

I waited, staring at her.

"Okay, maybe a little." She confessed. "Buy you a shot?"

I squinted my eyes.

"Deal." I took the money out of her hand, and walked over to the bar.

"Gimme a couple of shots." I told the bartender. He nodded, and glanced over at the pool table.

"She's a knock-out," he chuckled, pouring some whiskey into two glasses.

I turned around, and saw that she was leaning over the table, still shooting. I noticed that she had managed to clear most of the table with only a few shots. "Not really good, my ass," I muttered. I noticed that her tank top was completely backless, a thought that was accompanied by several very inappropriate thoughts.

"She comes in here once or twice a week." He continued, sliding the shots my way. 

"Her has a name, you know." A voice whispered into my ear. A smell wafted under my nose, which twitched accordingly. 

Jasmine.

I turned and stared; Her dark eyes bore into mine.

"Oh. Shots? Good, I'm thirsty." She pushed my legs open, and slide in-between them, while I sat on the stool in shock. Her body was perpendicular to mine, enabling me to stare at her lithe body without feeling too conscious.

She grabbed both shots, opened her mouth, and poured them down, one right after the other. Her lips were... inviting, to say the least.

"You really shouldn't be...um..." I gestured at her body, pressed against my thigh.

She turned her head, one eye peering at me through her hair. "Problem?" She queried, challenging me...

In an instant, I was flooded with emotions. It had been over a month since I had been with anyone. I flinched, as memories overtook me, my body was pumped by adrenaline. I could feel my blood rising.

Okay, Two can play this game.

I inhaled and exhaled through my nose, meeting her gaze easily.

"No problem at all," I smirked, my hand trailing down her lower back.

"Mm." She purred. "Nice hands. You don't have to stop."

I turned her around, so that her back faced me, as I pressed my fingers into her shoulders.

"Oh!" she exclaimed quietly. "That feels... umm... ohm." She moaned.

I was trying very hard not to get aroused, but I was incredibly conscious of both her perfume and her body. The fact that she was rubbing slowly against my body wasn't helping much.

I released her neck and back, as she shifted and stretched her shoulders.

"That was fantastic." She cooed. "So, another game?" She turned to walk away, but something in me switched; my hand shot out and caught her elbow.

She jerked back, and opened her mouth to argue, but my thumb reached up to trace her lips. In my head, I heard a voice saying, just take her. You know she wants it.

Yeah, I know which head that thought was coming from.

She gazed up at me, her eyes full of lust. Her tongue snaked out, and licked my thumb.

"So." I said quietly, my voice quavering slightly.

"Yeah." She whispered.

"You, um...", my head gestured to the door.

She paused for a moment, and bit her lip. "I don't normally do this." She pondered for a moment, then took my hand, and headed for the door.

We walked outside, hands still clenched, as the snow continued to fall on our heads. We reached my truck, and I pushed her against the door, wrapped my arms around her, and pressed my lips to her mouth. I could feel her arms slide around the back of my neck, pulling me into her. I pressed her body against the vehicle, as our hips starting grinding.

Her mouth, like her skin, was soft. And the exotic smell wafting off her was turning me on even more.

We broke away from the kiss, and I turned her around, pushing her against the truck.

"What are y-" She started to ask.

"Shhh." I said calmly, blood pounding.

"See," I said "It's been a couple weeks for me." My hands trailed alongside her cheek. "And I've had a very bad day. So, I think I'm in a mood."

My hands reached under her jacket, found her ass and squeezed. I pressed my nails into her cheeks, as she gasped in surprise. My right hand slid lower, and pressed in-between her legs. My fingers easily traced the outline of her lips through the tight shorts.

Her head dropped and a small moan escaping her lips, as my fingers began stroking her. I pressed my mouth to her ear.

"So, I should give you a choice, because I'm probably going to ravage you tonight." My fingers pushed upwards, accenting my words. "However, I just don't feel like giving you a choice." I slid my hand out, opened he car door, and waited.

She turned around and stared at me, then smiled slightly.

She slid inside, grabbed the door, and closed it.

"Good girl," I muttered to myself.

I walked over to the driver's side, keyed the door, and slid in.

I looked over at her, a confused look in her eyes. I started the truck, reached over and grabbed her hand, and put it in my lap.

"You know what to do," I commanded.

She stared at me for a second, her tongue uneasily licking her lips. As I put the truck in reverse, and began to pull out, I felt the zipper of my pants go down, her fingers tenderly sliding into my pants.

I smirked.

I threw the truck into drive, and pulled forward, orange lights mixing with the falling snow. Jesus, would it ever stop snowing? Her hand didn't have a hard time finding me in my pants, but she decided to unbuckle my belt anyways, popping open the button on my pants.

I leaned back slightly, keeping my arms relaxed, as her fingers slid up and down my shaft. My eyes half-closed when she teased the tip, fingering the hole slowly. 

"Damn," I whispered, my head leaning back against the headrest. Her fingers gently curled around me, and slid up and down, pausing again to tease the tip.

I gripped the steering wheel tight, praying that the light turns green soon. I needed to get this girl back to my place. I looked over to my right and saw her face, half-covered in shadows and dark hair.

Her eyes were wide, tongue licking her lips, as her hand starting moving up and down faster. She used some of my pre-cum to lube her palm, making it easier to jerk me off. 

She pulled her hand off suddenly, as I flew down the highway, minutes away from my apartment, and reached behind her head, tying her hair back. As I watched she undid both our seatbelts, scooted closer to me, leaned into my lap, pushed me back, and put her mouth on my cock.

"Ohhhh." I moaned loudly, my foot releasing the gas. In that moment, all I felt was wet lips sucking my dick, and it was fantastic. One hand slid down from the steering wheel, as I ran my fingers over her head.

I inhaled sharply, as I felt her mouth tighten, sucking slowly, as her lips moved upwards to the tip. Her tongue swirled under, then over the tip, flicking the eye.

I hit the turn signal, and carefully pulled into my apartment complex. Her head began moving up and down, cheeks tight as she sucked me off. I was breathing hard as I found a parking place, and turned the truck off. Her head was bobbing up and down, tongue running all over my shaft as her hands began playing with my balls.

I groaned louder, as the snow continued to pile down on the windshield. The wind blew against the truck as she tightened her mouth, and sucked my dick so hard I thought I was going to explode.

I yanked her head off my cock, reached down and zipped myself up.

"We're going inside," I rushed. "Now."

"Please," She begged. "I really want..."

For a moment, I almost gave in. The look in her eyes was almost too much, but I strengthened my resolve.

"No." I said.

I popped open the door, buckling my belt hastily. She opened hers, and joined me, as I grabbed her hand, half-walking, half-running. As we reached my door, I fumbled with my keys, as she licked my ear.

I growled, as her hand slid down my chest, rubbing my cock through my pants.

I found the right key, and slid it in, turning the lock and, thank God, opening my fucking door.

Pulling her inside, I helped her out of her leather jacket. Actually, I think I tore it off her, but I wasn't paying attention to anything except the rising lust running through my veins.

I pushed her onto the couch, as she undid my pants again. I reached in-between her legs, and rubbed hard. Slowly, my finger pulled and pushed against her pussy. Her body tensed, and then relaxed, fingers slowly playing with my cock.

I reached up to her waist, and peeled off the shorts, her hips holding still as I practically ripped them off her. My fingers quickly found her lips, and stroked them while her hands grabbed my arms tight.

I moved my body down off the sofa, and yanked her legs apart. I kissed the inside of her thigh, while one finger continued teasing her lips. My mouth by her pussy, as one hand began rubbing her thigh.

I licked my finger, and pushed it inside her pussy. She moaned as I pulled out, licked it again, and pushed it in harder. I twisted my finger, pulled it out then thrust it back in. 

"Don't need to lick my finger anymore, do I?" I growled. She shook her head, realizing she was soaked. My finger began thrusting in and out, each time delving deeper inside her. It only took a few minutes for my long digit to slide all the way in.

At which point, I added a second finger. Her body twisted sharply, as I slowly, but hungrily, probed her pussy with two fingers. My fingers were wet and sticky as I forced them inside her tight pussy. I could feel the inside of her pussy grinding against my hand.

I looked up and ordered her to take of her top. She grabbed her top and whipped it over her head. Her magnificent tanned breasts stood up, nipples hard.

I was going to have to fuck those tits later.

I continued probing her pussy with my hand. My arm began moving faster, pumping harder with each thrust. Her hand s returned to my arms, nails digging in, as her hips began thrusting against me.
