 "Sit back, my sweet, and let me take care of that for you."

I kneel before you, unzip your pants, reach inside, pull out your hard cock, and slowly lick your deliciously long shaft.

As I run my tongue along your organ, flick it over the head of your enormous muscle, and move downward to suck on your swollen balls, I hear a familiar moan emerge from your lips. Your body gives in to the erotic spasms that are pulsating deep inside. Your musky essence permeates my nostrils shooting impulses to my brain and down every nerve in my body. The blood rushes faster through me and the lips surrounding my hole begin to awaken with pulsating intensity.

You watch me as I lick you. I'm so turned on right now that I can feel the moisture build up in my panties. Do you realize how horny I get when I'm going down on you? At any moment I know I could stop and sit in front of you with my legs spread wide open revealing my wet pussy so that you may feast on my pie. Your probing tongue dashing across my clit and in my hole would send me into a clawing fury. But I don't want to give up my substance today. I want to indulge myself on yours... let the sexual tension inside my body build up. Later, when I am alone, I will think of this moment of pleasing you and probe myself until the tension releases in an orgasmic explosion.

No longer satisfied to flicker over your throbbing phallus, I need to feel your cock in my mouth... to feel your flesh against the inner walls of my orifice. I hungrily take you inside and begin the smooth rhythmic motion I know will send you into orgasm. It's been to long since I've tasted your sweet cum and I yearn for the taste so bad, that I won't feel gratified until I have your juice flowing over my tongue and down my throat. 

I know I am pleasing you well. The more you give in to me and let me take control of your body, the more you respond with intensified sound and motion. You begin to softly thrust your cock into my mouth which I gladly allow. Your hands find their way to my hair and with gentle pressure you guide my head a little bit further down your shaft. I can't help but moan. Not in discomfort, but in pleasure. The more of you I can have in my mouth, the more satisfied I'll be. As I take you as far in my mouth as I can, your moaning intensifies and you breathe louder and heavier. Muffled words escape your lips. 

You harden even more in my mouth, your body stiffens, and your back arches slightly from the chair. Any moment I'll be rewarded. You could ask me any day, any time to get down on my knees to suck on your cock and I would. How does it feel to have someone blow you knowing she enjoys every moment of the act? The only thing I ask in return is a mouthful of your succulent cum to soothe the ache that swells inside my core.

You are almost there. I glide up and down a little quicker, massage the lower part of your cock, and caress your balls. Within a few, long-awaited seconds as you moan louder and whisper in a heavy sigh "Oh god," you release your jizz in my mouth. The feeling of your fluid gushing into my mouth overwhelms my senses. Your taste, your smell, the sounds that emanate from your lips... if I'm not careful, I may spray my own juice. But not yet! I have to wait. For now, as I enjoy your tangy elixir, feel it slide down my throat, I feel a deep satisfaction overcome my body. The taste I've been craving for what seems like an eternity is finally mine. 

All mine. 

You look down at me just as I finish licking the last drop of white dew from your groin. Contented from your release, you thank me and offer to return the favor. The offer is very tempting, especially since I know what you can do to me. 

But not this time. 

Whereas you may have been the one to climax, the pleasure of your orgasm was mine.