 I recently bought an older home, it still has the screw in fuses. When I try to do too many things at once it will pop a fuse. I was getting very frustrated, and it was getting expensive replacing them all the time.

I was making dinner one night, and the fuse popped. I was fed up with it. I went online to find an electrician. I see a website that caught my eye, so I called the phone number listed. 

I got the voicemail, "Hello, you have reached Sam's contracting. I am not able to take your call at this time, so please leave a message, and a phone number. I will get back to you as soon as I can, Thank you." 

"Hi my name is Jessie, I am hoping to have you come over to my home to look at my fuse box." I left my phone number, hoping to hear back from him soon.

About 30 minutes later I got a phone call. I answered, "Hello?"

"Hi, I am looking for Jessie, this is Sam from Sam's contracting." He said.

"This is Jessie. Thank you for calling back so soon." I replied.

"Not a problem." He stated. "So, what kind of problems are you having?" He asked me.

I explained to him about what I had going on, he agreed to come over the next morning at 10 am to take a look, and give me an estimate. So, I gave him my address before we ended the call.

The next morning I was waiting for Sam, he called to tell me that he was running a little behind. So finally, at 10:30 he got to my house.

The doorbell rang, when I went to answer the door, I was on the phone talking with a girl from work. I literally stopped talking, and just stared. Standing in front of me was a gorgeous man, about 6 feet tall, very fit with nice defined muscles. Salt and pepper hair, with green eyes. He was my idea of a perfect looking man. I hung up the phone, and invited him in.

He smiled, and reached his hand out to shake mine. "Hi I am Sam. Are you Jessie?" He asked.

I could not stop staring at him, he had a beautiful smile. I took his hand in mine. "Yes, I am Jessie, come on in please." I replied.

"The fuse box is in the back room, follow me." I said to him as I led him to the back of the house.

He asked me a bunch of questions about the electrical, that I must have answered, but don't remember because I was in total awe of this man. I have not met anyone that I was instantly attracted to in a very long time.

We discussed all the changes that should be done to upgrade the house to be within code. I agreed with him. Sam was smiling the whole time he was there, so it kept taking my breath away when I would look at him. "So, I have a good idea of what you need to have done, let me go back to the office, and write up an estimate." He told me, "I will contact you in the next day or two with a quote."

I walked him to the door, "Sounds good, call when you can." I told him.

I watched him leave the driveway, and went straight to my bedroom. My pussy was so wet, I had to take care of myself right then, so I went to masturbate thinking about him.

I got my vibrator out, and laid on the bed. My vibrator has a clit attachment, so I turned it on, and inserted it into my pussy. I was thrusting my hips, and grinding against the vibrator while it was rubbing my clit. It did not take long for me to have an orgasm. I could not stop thinking about fucking Sam. 

I got cleaned up, and went to work. With a smile on my face.

Sam called me the next morning with a quote for the work that needs to be done. I felt it was fair so I approved the work to be done. Knowing that I was not going call anyone else.

We agreed to have Sam start the work on the following Monday. He said it could take a few days, so I took the week off from work. I was so excited about Sam being in my house again. Every time I thought of him, and that damn smile of his, I would touch myself. My vibrator was getting a good workout.

Monday morning...

Sam got to the house at 9 am. He had another gentleman with him. He was handsome also but not like Sam. I showed the guys to the back room, and told them that I would be in the living room working if they needed me.

I could hear the guys working, and talking. Sam's voice was very soothing. I was not getting very much work done. I went into the bathroom several times to touch myself. My pussy was sopping wet all morning long. 

The guys broke for lunch, and headed out for a bit. I told them to leave the back door unlocked so they could come, and go as they needed.

While they were gone, I went to my room, and got my vibrator out. I was on the bed naked moving the vibrator in, and out of my pussy. I was moaning, and when I had an orgasm I screamed. I opened my eyes, and Sam was standing in my doorway watching me.

I grabbed for the blanket to cover myself. "Oh, my god how long have to been standing there?" I asked him.

"I got back from lunch, and I heard you scream. So, I came to make sure you were all right." He responded. "From what I am seeing you are more than okay!" He said with a sly smile on his face.

I asked him, "Are you alone, or is your helper still with you?"

Sam replied, "He is on a different job now. I only needed his help this morning."

I flipped the blanket off me, and spread my legs wide, then asked him, "Do you like what you see?"

Sam walked into my room, and shut the door behind him. "I most definitely like what I see!"

As he was walking further into the room he started getting undressed. He took off his shirt, he kicked off his shoes, and unbuttoned his jeans. I sat up to watch him approach. He got to my bed, and stopped. Then he asked me, "Do you want to feel the real thing, or keep using that toy?"

I looked up at him, as I shifted on the bed so that could touch his chest, "Oh, I want the real thing!" I replied to him. I got off the bed to stand in front of him. I kept rubbing his chest, and pinched his nipples. He sucked in his breath, as his nipples got hard.

I went down on my knees in front of him. I pulled his zipper down, and started pulling down his jeans, and boxers. He had a very nice looking cock, about 6.5 inches long, thick with a large mushroom head. I went to grab his cock, and noticed something. I looked up at him with a cocky smile. "You have a cock ring on?" I stated, "Is this daily wear for you?" I asked as I was rubbing his cock up, and down.

Sam laughed, and replied, "Only when I am hoping to fuck a sexy lady!"

"Oh, so you have been thinking about me?" I asked him.

"Since we meet last week I have wanted to fuck you!" Sam stated.

I wrapped my lips around his cock, and started moving my head up, and down. I was able to go all the way down on his cock. The first time I gagged a little, but then I was able to relax my throat. I was holding onto his thighs to keep my balance. Sam grabbed my hair, and was thrusting harder into my mouth. 

After a few more minutes of this Sam pulled me off his cock, "Get up on the bed." He instructed me.

I crawled on the bed, "How do you want me to be?" I asked him.

Sam responded, "Lay on your back for me."

When I laid down Sam crawled between my legs, and started sucking on my tits. He lightly used his teeth biting on my nipples. He didn't bite down hard enough to hurt, but just enough to let me know what he was doing. I arched my back to push my tits up to him. 

He then moved down my stomach, and got to my pussy. I was sopping wet in anticipation of what was to come next. Sam, opened my pussy lips, and licked my clit. He was sucking on my clit, and inserted a finger into my pussy. He was finger fucking me, god it felt amazing. I felt a second finger go into my pussy, and then I felt a finger go into my ass. Sam was moving his fingers in, and out both of my holes. I started moving my hips to his rhythm. I started breathing hard, and taking short breaths. I had an orgasm, that made me scream out again.

After Sam licked up all of my juices, he came up over me smiling. "Your taste is very sweet. I could feast on you all day!"

He thrust his cock into my pussy. I arched to meet his thrust. I pulled his head down to me, and passionately kissed him. When he lifted his head, I laughed, and said, "I do taste sweet don't I?"

Sam laughed, and replied, "Yes you most defiantly do!"

Sam, and I found a good rhythm. Since he had the cock ring on, he was staying harder longer. He pulled out of my pussy. "Get up on your hands, and knees!" He ordered me.

I flipped over, and got onto my knees. Sam put his cock back into my pussy. God I love doggie it feels so good. I leaned down, reached back, and started rubbing his balls. I felt Sam's finger go into my ass. While he was fucking my pussy, he started to finger my ass. "God, Sam pound my pussy hard!" I told him. He started thrusting harder.

Then Sam told me, "I want to fuck your ass!"

"Yes, I want to feel your thick cock in my ass!" I screamed at him.

Sam took his cock, and lined it up with my asshole. I felt the head of his cock push past my anal ring. It was a very tight fit. Sam slowly pushed his cock deeper into my ass. I felt his balls against my pussy when he was all the way in. He paused for a moment for me to get used to his cock. He then started thrusting in, and out. 

"Fuck my ass, god that feels so good!" I yelled at Sam.

Sam started pumping harder into my ass. I was fingering my pussy, and rubbing my clit. "Oh, god Sam I'm going to cum! Your cock feels so fucking good in my ass! Don't stop!" I was telling him. Then I came so hard that I squirted all over the bed. 

Sam was thrusting harder, and faster. "I am going to cum!" He said to me

I told him. "Cum in my ass, I want to feel you fill me up!"

Then I felt Sam tense up, and cum deep inside my ass. God, it felt amazing. I collapsed on the bed, and Sam came down on top of me with his cock still in me.

We were both breathing hard. Sam was nuzzling into my neck. I could feel that he was still hard. He pulled out of me, and rolled onto his back next to me. He had a huge grin on his face. He got up, slapped me in the ass, and told me, "Don't go anywhere. I will be right back!"

I laughed, and said to him, "No worries, I can't move right now!"

Sam went into the bathroom to clean his cock. He came back into the bedroom, and laid beside me. He then looked at me smiling, wiggling his eyebrows, and asked me, "So, do you want to climb the mountain?"

I looked down at his cock to see that it was still hard. I smiled, and crawled on top of him. I could not get enough of him. I sat on his cock, and started rocking. Sam was holding my hips. I leaned forward, and started kissing him. Sam grabbed my ass cheeks, to use as leverage to move me up, and down on his cock. I sat back up, and started pulling on my nipples.

Sam moved my hands, and took over rubbing my tits. He was twisting my nipples, it felt so good. I threw my head back moaning. I then started bouncing harder on Sam's cock. I reached down to rub my clit as my orgasm was building up. 

I squirted all over Sam when I came. I fell forward onto him. He rolled us over so I was on my back. He started grinding into me. I wrapped my legs around his to have leverage to be able to push up against him.

Sam was leaning down kissing me. I wrapped my arms around his neck to hold onto him tight. Sam started thrusting hard in, and out of my pussy. 

He tucked his head into my neck, so he could pound my pussy harder. 

Sam, and I came together. I screamed as I came, and Sam grunted loudly. Then he collapsed on top of me.

He rolled over onto his back, breathing hard. "Well I see I am not going to get a lot done on this job with you around." He said to me.

I laughed hard, and replied, "Well then you'll just have to work longer hours to get the job done."

Sam laughed, and pulled me over to him. I rested my head on his shoulder. We were both very sweaty, and exhausted. I noticed that while his cock was flaccid he was taking off his cock ring. 

"That does its job very well." I said to him.

Sam laughed, and agreed with me. He got up a few minutes later. "Can I use your shower really quick to clean up?" He asked me.

"Sure, help yourself. Towels are in the cabinet." I told him.

I stayed in bed while Sam got cleaned up. I could not move a muscle. Sam came into the bedroom with just a towel around his waist. God, if I had the strength I would fuck him again right this minute. Sam seen the look in my eyes, and laughed.

"I need to wait for a little bit, before we can go at it again." Sam told me with a smile. "I am going to start working on the job I am supposed to be doing here." He winked at me while he got dressed.

I smiled, and said to him, "No, problem I am just going to take a little nap."

Sam came over to the bed kissed my forehead, and as he went to leave the room. I said to him, "Well one positive thing is that I took the week off work, So, we can do a lot more fucking before the job is done."

Sam was looking at me with a big smile on his face, and said to me, "Oh, yes we will be fucking each other a lot more this week."

I fell asleep with a smile on my face, dreaming about the week to come.