 I was supposed to be meeting a new client for the company. In fact, I was covering for my jerk boss who'd decide he'd rather go play a round of golf then talk finances with a "rich old bastard", to quote him. I'm an accountant. A damn good one, boring old, run of the mill accountant nonetheless. The height of excitement for me is the week before taxes are due. I was not supposed to be sitting next to a pool, sipping a frothy drink, and having impure thoughts about the gorgeous woman in a bikini sitting next to me. 

It occurred to me that my day might be looking up. However for decorum's sake, there I was, trying valiantly (and failing miserably) to keep my eyes from running up and down her body, taking in the full package. I was also desperately trying to hide my erection. Thank god for briefcases, and suit jackets. It would not do for my new client to find me visibly aroused by his 20-year-old daughter. Yes, his daughter. And as far as I'm concerned she is a walking sexual time bomb.

I could tell she was watching me out of the corner of my eye. "You don't talk much do you?" she asked leaning over, giving me a full view of her cleavage. "I've been sitting here trying to figure you out, and I have no idea what you're thinking about," she ran her hand up my sleeve. 

"To be honest I find it oddly attractive." She stood up and walked in front of me, leaned down and loosened my tie. When her fingers brushed against my neck I could have sworn my cock was going to pop out of my pants. She reached down and rolled the sleeves of my button-down shirt. Then she whispered into my ear, "I'm going to jump in the pool for a quick swim, and then we're going to play." She turned around and I watched her perfect little ass walk to edge of the pool. She executed a perfect dive and proceeded to swim a few laps. She swam to the edge of the pool right in front of me, shook her long blonde hair, wiped water out of her eyes, and asked me to bring her a towel. She was still in the water, and as I stood in front of her I realized that there was no way for me to hide my now immense erection. 

"Very nice" she purred, then got out of the water. I nearly lost it as the water ran off her body, slipping and sliding its way down. I found myself imagining her body covered in sweat, wondering if the sweat would take a similar path to the water. Her green eyes were bright as she watched me ogle her, then turned and tossed a "follow me" over her shoulder.

We took a short path to a small cabana hidden behind a covering of thick trees and bushes. She opened the bright purple door and went in. I stopped short, considering what I was getting myself into. By then I was so turned on that my cock was screaming for release and I couldn't imagine walking away from her. I closed the door behind me. She was sitting on a desk, smiling at me. 

"I was getting worried about you." I took a deep breath and put on my best smirk, walking towards her. 

"You didn't really think I would walk away did you?" By now we were face to face, so close that we could have rubbed noses if we'd wanted. She ran a finger down from my ear to my chin, shooting tingles all over my body. "I was hoping you wouldn't" she answered softly. She slipped her finger between my lips and I drew it all the way into my mouth, sucking it gently. She removed her finger and reached for me, but I quickly grabbed her and pushed my lips onto hers. 

After a second of surprise, she kissed me back with the same intensity, then opened her mouth and drew my tongue in. I couldn't get enough of her; all of the sensation I was feeling wasn't enough. I broke the kiss and moved to her neck, kissing, nibbling. Her hands tightened in my hair and I heard her moan. My hands moved down to knead her ass and I could feel her hips turn slightly in towards me, her pussy cupping against my throbbing cock. I licked the water off her neck and throat, then moved further down and pulled her nipple into my mouth. I moved my tongue over the fabric, felt the bud tighten. She gasped and grabbed my hair tighter, pulling my face closer to her body. I moved to the other nipple and got the same response. 

She was obviously turned on, and I felt powerful knowing that I had created such a reaction in her. But suddenly, she let go and pushed me away. "Wait" she said. "You are disrupting my plan."

"Tell me it's a welcome disruption" I joked, even as my hands curled into fists in an attempt to curb the reactions of my body. "I want you baby" she grinned, "but it has to be on my terms."

She moved towards me, then raised her mouth to mine, kissing then pulling away. The third time this happened I groaned in frustration. "Don’t' worry, baby, it'll turn out exactly how you want." As she said this she was moving her body against mine, rubbing her tits against my shirt, turning in a circle and rubbing her ass against my dick. She took off my tie and licked her way down my neck. She unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it off me. Her eyes widened when she took in my chest and six pack. "You're an accountant?" she asked in surprise. 

"Accountants can be physically fit too" I laughed, watching her face flush. Suddenly she grabbed at me, kissing me all over. She ran her palms over my nipples then leaned down and nibbled them with her tiny teeth. I cried out when she bit into one of them. God, what a rush! She kissed bit and licked her way down my stomach. Then lowered herself to her knees. She ran her hands over my cock, then reached down and lifted up first one foot, then the other, taking off my shoes and socks. 

She looked up at me and giggled, "I've always wondered how people could keep these on during sex. I would be so preoccupied with my socks falling down that I wouldn't be able to concentrate on the important stuff." I looked down at her, not able to take my eyes off her full lips that were on level with my cock.

She smiled up at me, then unfastened my pants and pushed them down around my ankles. She smirked slightly at my happy face boxers, then pushed them down to join my pants. At this point my 10 inch cock was almost parallel to the floor, and gasped as she realized it's length and girth. "If I had known that this is what accountants were like, I would have gotten myself one awhile ago" she said. Her hand circled my cock, then she moved her hand very slowly up and down it. She licked at the precum that was oozing out the tip, then pulled my dick into her mouth, deepthroating it.

I almost came right then and there the feeling was so good. She wrapped her tongue around my cock, bobbing her head. I put one hand on the back of the desk just because my knees felt like they were going to give out, and used the other hand to stroke her hair. She pulled her mouth off my cock and whispered "Talk to me baby, tell me how I make you feel. Tell me how good it feels." She stroked my cock with her hand then looked up at me. "You have such a big cock, it's making me so wet." I blinked at her. None of the women I'd ever been with had liked talking dirty or hearing me talk like that to them. She blew softly on my cock. "Tell me what you're going to do to me" she whispered. I groaned aloud.

"Oh god," I started. "It's so good." Her mouth covered my cock again, licking, making circular movements starting from the base of my cock working out to the tip. "I'm not going to be able to hold it, baby" I whispered "you're doing too much to me. I want to come in your mouth, then stick my dick in your pussy and make you come over and over again until you are just a puddle of goo on the floor. I want to drive you crazy with my tongue, licking your clit and tasting my cum inside you." She moaned and I could feel the vibration of her throat all over my cock. "I want to drive you crazy till you're begging me to make you cum." She had picked up the pace of her sucking and I could feel the tingling in my balls, I was so close to coming I could feel my eyes rolling into the back of my head. By now I was gasping, trying to keep the sensations going a little longer. "I'm going to cum baby…I…I can't hold on much longer."

"Cum in my mouth, darling" she whispered, and began moaning again. That was the last straw, and I came hard, my cum hitting the back of her throat, my dick twitching and spurting. I had lost control. "Oh god, YEAH!" 

When my cock had finally stopped spurting I sank back against the desk. She slid up my body and kissed me, wrapping her arms around my neck and using her hands to pull me in deeper, letting me taste my cum in her mouth. My cock was already twitching, ready for another go. She pulled away from me and pushed me back into the desk, making it so that I was sitting on it. She walked backwards, not taking her eyes off me. 

"You have such a big dick" she crooned. "I can’t stop thinking about how it's gonna feel in my pussy. I'm gonna ride your hard cock so good, we're gonna cum sooo hard baby." She had lowered her hands, and I realized she was rubbing her clit through her tiny bikini bottoms. She leaned her head back, her blond hair trailing farther down her back. Slowly she reached up and pulled the bottoms off. She had the most perfect little muff. Completely shaven except for a small triangle of light blond hair right above her pussy. By now my cock was back to standing at attention. She moved towards me, then pushed me back onto the desk. 

She crawled on top of me, dangling her tits in front of me. I wanted to run my tongue over her tits without the fabric of her bathing suit in between them, and reached up to undo the straps. "Hmm, not yet darling" and she lapped at my chin with her tongue at the same time pulling my hands together and raising them over my head. She pinned them down lightly and we continued kissing. Suddenly, she pushed her pussy down my cock, and we both gasped in shock and pleasure. We stayed like that a few minutes, then I pulled my hands free and placed them on her hips, lifting her lightly and pulling her back down over my cock.

"Mmmm" was all she could get out at first. Then she opened her eyes and I could see them glazed over with lust. She leaned over me and picked up the pace. Pretty soon, she was riding my cock hard. 

"Oh yeah!" she yelled. "Ohh, you have such a great cock baby! I want it so bad. Fuck me hard." Her words were driving me even crazier and I raised my hips as high as I could to meet hers. We were both moaning and groaning, when she reached behind her and slipped off her bikini top. My eyes got wider as I took in her 42 Double Dees. All I could think about was getting my hands and mouth on them, so I lifted her tits up against my face and licked, then blew on them. The way she cried out and ground against my cock made me realize just how sensitive her tits were. I pulled one into my mouth, running my tongue over it, running my teeth over the nipple. 

"Oh GOD!" she shouted, and I pulled her other nipple into my mouth, doing the same thing. "I'm going to cum, baby, that feels sooo good!" My balls were starting to tingle and I could feel her pussy fluttering against my hard pole. I waited as long as I could, then bit down hard on the nipple in my mouth.

"OHHHH!" she cried, "I'm cumming! Oh, god yeah!" I totally lost it, bucking my hips up as high as I could to get my cum into her dripping pussy. It felt like we came together for hours, then she collapsed against my chest, both of us breathing hard. 

Eventually, I regained my voice. "What on earth am I going to tell your father?" She giggled and nuzzled her face into my shoulder. "Nothing, darling. Daddy dearest is out of town. He left earlier this morning. He must have forgotten to cancel his appointment with you, and then I didn't have the heart to send away such an attractive accountant, who was so clearly taken with me."

"He's not here?" I whispered incredulously. "Nope" she said brightly as she nibbled on my ear. "He won't be back till next week." She ran her tongue up my ear then blew lightly on it. My cock twitched immediately. "Hmm," she giggled.

"I suppose I should go then," I said lamely. 

"Uh-uh!" she sat up. "Do you think I'm just going to let you walk away now that I've found you? No way, baby! I am way too horny to let you get away!" She kissed me: her tongue delving into my mouth, her fingers rolling my nipples in between them, her hips shifting slightly on my cock. I groaned from deep within my throat. "I'll take it that you'll stay awhile" she smiled against my lips. I broke off the kiss and looked deeply into her eyes, "we'll tell your father that I felt bad leaving you all alone out here at this huge estate or something," she kissed me again and I whispered, "I'll do whatever it takes."

"Well if that's the case", she grinned at me, "then let's go out to the pool for a swim. I love fucking in nice cool water." She pulled me by the hands off the desk, and we ran out to the pool. As I dove into the deep end, I thanked the gods, and ironically, my asshole boss, for setting up this absolutely perfect day.