 LET’S PLAY DOCTOR by Martin Reid

There I was, sitting in my van on the side of the road, in the middle of nowhere, with my dick in my hand. I’d been feeling tremendously horny all day, but my job as a sales rep generally keeps me way too busy to do anything about it. However, my last call was out in the boonies with a young female doctor; redheaded and gorgeous.

I tried, I really tried, to be professional, but her blouse was open necked – her lovely round breasts straining each button and so tight that you could actually see her areola through the material of both her blouse and her bra. They were so perky and dark and so very enticing, I couldn’t keep my eyes off them. What a bungled sales call that was. When she finally informed me that she needed to see to her patients, I could barely stand, the bulge in my pants as obvious as her nipples. Goddammit, that was the last straw! I just had to get out of there, so I didn’t bother booking a future appointment, before practically sprinting out of the office.

So there I was, lazily stroking my cock, fantasizing about what kind of a sales call it could have been – if we were the stars of a porn-video, or I was a very lucky bastard. I was totally lost in my thoughts, eyes closed. I didn’t even know that there was another car on the highway, let alone pulled up behind me. I didn’t hear anything at all until the tap on the window. My eyes flew open! Oh, God! It was the doctor!

I grabbed an open binder from the seat beside me and threw it across my lap. Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! What had I done? She was probably going to phone my company and make a formal complaint and I’d lose my job! Sweating, I rolled down the window. She leaned her head inside and asked me if I was okay.

OKAY!? You have got to be kidding! I was in a state of advanced shock! Barely breathing, I stammered out a reply. “Fine thanks no problems here just doing a little bit of work before heading home yup fine just fine thanks.” All the while, my brain was screaming – Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh! … oh … oh?

She reached inside and took up the binder, asking, “May I?” She looked at the title and nodded, “hmm, this is the new product that you were telling me about. It sounds very interesting.” She closed the binder, tucking it under her arm. She leaned into the van again. My dick was still hard, still naked and still in my hand. She licked her lips and a wicked smile played across her lips. “I think this bears much further discussion,” she said, “don’t you?”

I was too embarrassed, or too scared for my job, to properly read her tone. I fumbled to zip up, and hide my raging hard-on, but to no avail. I was trying to think of something to say to explain why it appeared that I was jerking off at the side of the road, not two kilometers from her office, but nothing I could think of seemed particularly helpful. My mind was racing at top speed, but going nowhere, and my panic was building by the second, until I felt her hand on my stiff prick.

“It looks like you could use a doctor’s care,” she said, gripping my manhood in her soft healing hands.

I must have looked awfully confused, or shocked, as I stammered, “you’re not going to report me?”

She laughed. “Now, why would I do that? Then, I’d never see you again, or feel your eyes on my tits. Oh, don’t think I didn’t notice you looking down my blouse today.”

“So, you’re not mad?”

“That all depends on what you do next. Now, are you going to invite me in, or am I going to let go of your cock, and go home unsatisfied?”

“Come on in,” I managed to whisper.

Moving around to the passenger side, she opened the sliding door, and beckoned me over. I scrambled between the front seats, and gave her a hand in. Sitting on the floor with her legs outside of the van, she took my hand, and guided me out, where I stood in front of her. She pulled down my still-open pants, and cupping my testicles tightly in her hand, said with a giggle, “turn your head and cough.”

All I could manage was a deep sigh, as she touched her ruby lips to my cockhead. Then she wrapped her carmine locks around my hard shaft, and stroked, while moistening the tip with her tongue. What a sight – all that lovely red hair, trapping my hard cock, while her tongue snaked around it. Mmmmmm, and it felt wonderful, too! My sighs turned to moans, as she took my cock all the way into her waiting mouth, and sucked it hard, still cupping my balls in her hands. She was good, let me tell you! She knew how to suck cock, and soon she had me bucking my hips, on the threshold of bliss. “Ooooh, I’m going to cum!” I warned.

“Not yet, Martin,” she said taking me out of her mouth, allowing one tiny white pearl of pre-cum to ooze out of my cock. When the danger had passed, she sexily licked up my pre-cum with the tip of her tongue, and then resumed sucking my cock, with her deep green eyes looking right into mine. She sucked harder, and faster this time, and again had me a split second away from cumming in her talented mouth. I informed her again that I was about to cum, and she stopped, robbing me of my release. “Don’t be disappointed, Martin,” she said. “When I let you cum, it will be fantastic!”

God, she wasn’t kidding! When I came it was the most incredible thing I’d ever felt! But I’m getting ahead of myself here.

Again and again, this lovely creature performed the best fellatio I’d ever had in my life on me. She quickly got a feel for my reactions, and soon, she didn’t need for me to warn her that I was about to cum; she just stopped sucking, waited a couple of seconds for the urgency to die down, and started sucking again. I couldn’t even guess how many times she did this before stopping, and getting out of the van.

Without a word, she strolled casually away from me, and got into her own car. I wasn’t sure what to do, but I quickly pulled up my pants, zipped up, and ran over to the driver’s side of her car. I knocked on her window, and she powered it down. “Did I do something wrong?” I asked, with panic building up in my head again.

Taking my hand, she slipped it into the waistband of her slacks and panties, and pushed my fingers into her pussy. It was slick with her natural lubricant. She moaned at my touch, and pumped her hips a couple of times, before pulling my hand out, and placing my fingers to my lips for a taste of her honey. “Does that answer your question, lover?”

I nodded dumbly. And what would you do?

“Follow me,” she said, and sped off down the highway.

Damn! If I didn’t hurry, I’d lose her! I scrambled into the van, started it up, slammed it into drive while mashing my foot on the gas, and took off like a Bat out of Hell – a horny one! I’d never seen a mini-van burn rubber like that before.

The car she drove was obviously built for speed, and I had the damnedest time just keeping her in my sight. She was toying with me, and I’m sure having a good laugh at my expense; slowing down long enough for me to get within five car-lengths, and then speeding up ahead. You might say that she was leading me to her place by my dick. Hell, she might as well have tied it to the back bumper of her car. I was hooked, that’s for sure! My hard-on still straining against my pants, I did my best to keep up.

After what seemed like hours of speedway racing, we arrived at her place, and she beckoned me into the house with a provocative wave. I followed behind her, watching her lovely round ass sway as she walked, and she lead me into the bedroom. Sitting on the bed, she pulled me to her, undressed me, and again, stimulated my prick with her oh-so-talented tongue, until I was ready to cum. Gasping from a mixture of pleasure and frustration as she pulled my cock from her mouth, I knelt at her bidding. Lifting her hips for a moment, she pulled off her slacks, and tossed them carelessly to the floor. Her top soon joined it, and she sat there in her frilly white bra and matching bikini panties (which, I could see from my vantage, were quite damp).

Pushing my head unceremoniously between her widespread thighs, she ground her panty-clad pussy against my lips. I kissed her cuntlips, and stabbed at her clit with my tongue through the sheer material of her wet panties, and she moaned in appreciation. Heating up her already hot snatch with my breath, I did my damnedest to make her feel as good as she made me feel, and soon, I was rewarded with screams of passion, and waves of pussy-juice seeping through her panties, as she climaxed, gripping my head with her thighs.

It occurred to me for a moment that it wasn’t exactly fair that she had her orgasm so freely, while I was denied mine. But then, she’d had the upper hand in this encounter from the beginning, didn’t she? Besides, she’d promised me one fantastic orgasm, and I was willing to play the game her way.

Pulling at the waistband, trying to get them off, the doctor accidentally tore a hole in her tiny panties. Figuring her panties were ruined anyway, I grabbed them, and tore them right off of her. She gasped, and pulled me close, rubbing up against me. I looked into her sultry eyes, and she kissed me hard on the mouth, grabbing my aching cock, and stroking slowly. As I moved down, kissing her neck, and her shoulders, she whispered hotly in my ear, “my nipples love to be bitten.”

I took my time, kissing a path to her deep cleavage, and I reached around to unhook her bra, while she continued to stroke my rigid penis. Tossing her bra to the floor with the rest of her clothing, I took a moment to admire her bountiful breasts, which had had me so captivated in her office. Oh, they were lovely! As was the rest of her body. She was perfect. Curvy, sexy, and oh-so-womanly! Bending to her bosom, I took her left nipple between my teeth, and slowly bit down. Panting, she arched her back, and held my head to her breast, as I clamped down harder and harder on her pert nipple. “Harder!” she hissed between clenched teeth, and I obeyed her wish. She nearly screamed, and pulled her nipple away, and it stretched out at least an inch before snapping out from between my teeth. “Mmmmmmm,” she said, “now the other one!” And I gave her right nipple the same treatment.

Amazingly, she continued to stroke my cock through all of this. Even more amazing was the fact that she was still in-tune with my reactions. If she hadn’t been, I might have cum on her hand, even as her right nipple snapped out of my mouth. But she stopped, just before the point of no return!

Kissing me deeply, she probed my mouth with her tongue, and began stroking me once more. Adding oral stimulation to manual, she was again eating my hard manhood. Swinging a leg over me, she lowered her dripping cunt to my face, and we slipped into a cozy 69, without her releasing my prick from her mouth. Oh, her pussy tasted so sweet! Making all kinds of beastly noises, we pleasured each other with our tongues. Her mouth was doing wonderful things to my cock, and she rubbed my balls gently, and started tickling my asshole with one finger. Oooo, that was new! But it was good! I did not protest. Instead, I gave her the same treatment. Sliding my tongue over and between her pussylips, and flicking it over her hard clitty, I traced the outer rim of her anus with my right forefinger. She responded nicely, writhing and moaning, and grinding her pussy to my face. I felt her finger slip into my asshole, and it sent waves of pleasure through my body. Groaning into her cunt, I pushed my finger into her ass, and she reacted similarly, rocking back and forth, and sucking my cock noisily.

Feeling my orgasm building, I tried to be quiet about it, but the doctor couldn’t be fooled. At my first whimper, she pulled her mouth from my cock, and her finger from my asshole. But she didn’t give me a chance to stop licking her pussy, and soon I heard her screaming out my name, and got a mouthful of her hot love juice, as she came.

Without pausing, she climbed off of my face, and went back to sucking my cock, and fingering my asshole. I’m sure you know the routine by now; her oral attentions had me to the breaking point in no time, and her finger up my ass made it that much more intense, but she always knew when to stop (much to my chagrin), a split second before I would have cum.

While she did this, I let my hands roam all over her lush and lovely body, marveling at her beauty and her technique. She had really set my nerves on fire, and my body was one big mass of sexual anticipation. I didn’t understand it at the time, but she wasn’t being cruel by denying me my orgasm. If I’d cum the first time that I might have, this encounter would have been over long ago, and it would not have been nearly as intense!

“Fuck me, Martin!” she whispered after my hundredth near-climax abated.

Who am I to argue? Pushing her back on the bed, and nudging her legs apart with my knees, I rammed my cock into her slick cunt. The screams were incredible.

“Oh! That feels so good, Martin!” she shouted as I fucked her like a jackhammer. I’m usually a very slow and tender lovemaker, but I was out of control with lust, and the good doctor didn’t seem to want me to slow down. “Fuck me faster, Martin! Harder! OH!”

I felt her finger push into my rectum once again, and an electric shock traveled through my body, making all my tiny hairs stand on end. Biting into her nipples hard, like I know she loves, I fucked her as forcefully and as furiously as I could, and soon, she was tensing up for another climax. I was ready too, and I thought that she’d stop me. “I’m going to cum,” I warned her unnecessarily.

“Oh! Yes!” she cried. “Me, too! Cum, Martin! Cum inside me, now! OooooOOOooooooo!”

My shouts blended with hers, even as my semen mixed with her cream, and I collapsed on top of her after a few more jerking thrusts.

Panting, and out of energy, she kissed me tenderly, and I held her close. We just lay there, catching our breath, and resting easily in each other’s arms.

“Well?” she asked, “did I lie to you?”

“No,” I answered. “That was the most incredible thing I’ve ever felt in my entire life!” And I was not exaggerating!

“You’re not so bad yourself,” she grinned.

We showered, and dressed, and ordered a pizza for dinner. I stayed the night, but we were both simply too exhausted for anything more than a kiss goodnight.

That was last night, and I’m going back to her office tomorrow morning. I have the perfect excuse. I forgot to rebook a future appointment, and my company has quite a few other products that I should be telling her about.