 My hands trace along the outline of your jeans as I glance to catch your gaze. My pulse races faster as you watch me loosen the button at your waist. I grab your jeans to pull them down and slowly pull down your underwear. Your thick swollen hard cock springs to attention right in front of my face making me shudder. I lick my plump lips slowly as I reach out for it and hear you moaning from above as I wrap my hand around your twitching hardness.

My breath sticks in my throat as I work my hands up and down your thick hard shaft and watch closely as a little bubble of pre-cum seeps out and I flick my pink wet tongue out and lick. I'm trembling as I swirl my tongue around the head of your hard cock. I kiss the head of your cock and tighten my hand around it, the hunger for more causing me to sweep my tongue around the slick head, the taste of the pre-cum filling my mouth as I Iick at the little bubbles. I can see you watching me and glance up at you as my wet mouth engulfs your cock. I clamp my lips tightly around your swollen flesh as I slowly lower my head to take more of your length, the rush of arousal feeling intoxicating. 

Your legs tremble as I start to move my head up and down. Your gasping breaths are loud as I lick and suck your cock and start to stroke my hand up and down as I continue sucking slowly. Your hand touches my head as I quicken the rhythm until I struggle to breath and lift my head. I cup my hand around your balls as our eyes meet and flick out my tongue to lick over the bulging veins of your cock, I grab it and slowly stroke shuddering as you the loosen the top button of my top.

I release my grip and unbutton my top and shrug it off my shoulders, unbuttoning the clasp of my bra as you drag the strap from my shoulders. The silky material falls away to reveal my heavy chocolate coloured breasts and I shudder as your firm grip clamps around my naked curves. I grab your cock to stroke it and slowly rub the slick pink head on my naked brown skin. 

Wet trails of pre-cum are on my breast as you drag me to my feet and pin me against the wall as your mouth ravishes my breasts and I lose myself in the sensation. You suck my nipples deep in your mouth and I feel them stiffen as my body shivers. You move back kicking off your jeans removing the rest of your clothes to get completely naked. I slide my skirt down my legs leaving it to pool around my feet. Standing only in my knickers I slide my fingers down your body to caress your rock hard cock as we kiss. I cling on tightly as you back me across the room until your knees hit the bed and you fall down on it. I land on top of you and your hands go around my body to hold me in place, your hard cock digging into my stomach. 

You instruct me to sit on you and shift your position until you're stretched out across the bed on your back. I shudder as I go over to you to straddle across your thighs and sit down. Wetness pours from between my thighs as my knickers rub against your hard cock. You grab hold of me to make me rock my hips and release a groan as the wet material brushes against your cock. Your back arches as you push up to grind yourself against me and your grip once again tightens on my hips to hold me in place.

'I want to be inside you,' you whisper against my skin. I start to get up to take off my knickers but your fingers dig into the soft flesh of my hips to stop me as you instruct me to just pull the material to the side. I moan and fumble at the gusset of my knickers as I drag it to the side to expose myself. Reaching for your cock with my other hand I hold it straight up from your crotch and lower myself on to it. Just having the tip of your cock touching on my sensitive pussy lips is enough to make me shudder and I hold my breath as my pussy is stretched wide by the thick head of your cock. I close my eyes tightly and I slowly drop down to take all of your thick hard cock inside of me.

My body trembles as you tighten your grip making me rock my body again. The way your cock moves inside me stroking on my soft inner skin feels so intense and I work my hips harder making you groan. I glance down to watch your hands sliding up my body to cup around my breasts. Your fingers sink into my soft flesh and my dark nipples rub against your palms. The feeling is so intense that I moan loudly your hard cock pulsating inside of me and I slip my hand under my knickers to rub circles on my erect swollen clit. You start to thrust up into my wet pussy fucking me really hard dropping your hands from my breasts to grab my hips again to lift me up and down on your hard cock fucking me forcefully and I lean forward to place my hands on your chest riding your cock.

My body shakes violently as I orgasm and you hold me down on you to enjoy the twitching spasms tightening my pussy around your hard swollen cock. You groan as you slowly raise up from the bed to thrust even deeper inside me of me, slamming your cock in and out and burying it all the way stretching my pussy until the powerful spurts of your hot cum splash inside me as you continue to thrust your hips forward. I collapse on your chest and glance up at you as you stroke my hair with the throb of your still erect cock inside of me as I feel the trickle of your cum between my thighs.