 We were getting ready to watch Little Witch Academia. I had set up some pillows along the wall so we could sit on my bed like it were theater seats. We sat close to each other with a briefcase between us to put our drinks on.

"Lighter?" she asked, holding a small, colorful bowl, packed with some Skywalker O.G.

"Right." I said, lighting the bowl for her while she sucked in. There was flicker of muscles in my groin when her lips pursed around the mouth piece. Through her glasses I saw her eyes move up to meet mine and I quickly looked away. She was a cute girl with long brown hair and excellent curves. We'd been friends for quite a few years before I started to realize I was in some way attracted to her. I would imagine snuggling up with her before bed, with my head against her chest, listening to her heart beat while she wrapped her arms around me.

"Is there something wrong?" she asked, passing me the piece and letting out a cough. I shook my head as I took a hit. I could feel the effects of the plant warming my extremities. I always liked getting high with her.

"Nah," I told her, trying to ignore the erection swelling in my pants. I couldn't for the life of me keep my imagination from running wild. I must have held a gaze on her because she blushed.

"What?" She asked, drawing back a little bit.

"Oh nothing, I'm sorry." I said, clumsily passing back the bowl. I was suddenly feeling very warm and blushed and I don't think it was from the weed.

"Are you sure you're okay," she said. "You're acting a little more strange than normal."

"I'm good, no worries." I told her. 

"I find it very difficult to believe you," she said, shaking her head when she saw the bowl being motioned towards her. She was pretty well smoked out and so was I, so I sat the bowl down on the briefcase between us.

"Are you saying you don't trust me now?" I said, thinking hard (perhaps too hard) about the nature of the conversation. I couldn't help but feel like she was flirting with me.

"I figure if you're going to say something, than you ought to say it," she said, looking at me with her watery bloodshot eyes. The curves of her cheeks lifted when she smiled. God I wanted to kiss her. She looked positively gorgeous to me right then. The way her legs were crossed on the bed, and how she was leaning slightly in my direction made my heart race. Then, throwing caution to the wind, I finally said it.

"Can I kiss you?" Immediately, I felt as though all the air had been sucked out of the room and it became very hard to breath. In the span of a moment, I felt as though I was waiting years for her response. She seemed to be have been taken off guard. She stammered for a second, unsure of how to verbally respond. But then, she nodded her head. I took that for what it was and leaned in, taking her hand and lightly squeezing it as our lips touched. Her mouth was warm and soft, and I could feel the hot exhale of breath escape from her nose. We pulled away for a second and looked at each other, not saying anything. At first I was worried that perhaps I made her do something she wasn't comfortable with. That maybe I had gone too far. The look from her eyes, composed by the spike in her brain told me otherwise. I couldn't help think of Gaslight's "Helter Skelton" in that moment.

After a second or two we went for each other again, this time with more aggression. We instinctively pushed the briefcase off the bed to make more room so we could lay facing each other perpendicular on the bed. Our makeshift arm rest fell to the floor with a thump. At first I wondered if our drinks were capped and if my bowl survived the fall, but as our bodies pressed harder into one another, I stopped caring. 

Our lips mouthed hungrily at one another in moderate, tasteful bites, leaving behind damp kiss marks on each other's faces. Soon our tongues found one another, and we remained connected for longer periods of time. My left arm was wrapped around her waist, pinned down against the mattress. In no time my hand had migrated past her waist where it cupped the full curvature of her ass. My other hand was under her shirt, feeling the warm flesh of her stomach. I was pussy footing around going further. It was one thing to grope her ass, but I always felt that breasts were a different level of making out that needed special permission. The decision was made for me when she removed her hand from the side of my face to push my elbow up to her bra. I immediately wriggled my fingers beneath her underwire to flip where my palm met the tender flesh of her breasts. As I greedily squeezed and massaged, I could feel her nipples stiffen. I pinched at them with my fingertips and she moaned lightly.

Since access to her breasts was granted, I took full advantage. It wasn't long before I had snapped her bra, throwing it from the bed, and pulled her shirt up so I could look at her body. Her breasts were small, but cute. Her areolas took up much of the room. I lowered my head down to one of her nipples and placed my mouth over it, sucking hard and lightly grazing with my teeth as I bobbed my head. She let out a whimper.

My hand found its way to her zipper and pants and I undid them with ease. She wriggled her hips and pulled at her pant legs with her toes to bring the waistline down past her hips, allowing me to slip my hand into her panties. She let out soft sighs as I continued to devour her chest and lightly play with the flesh and folds of around her vagina. Her channel was incredibly warm and slick. With some force I pushed my middle and my ring finger into her pussy, making a wet squish. She let out another cry, this one with a pang of discomfort. One of her hands went to my wrist, and she began to guide my movements. I played with her for a while, planting kisses on the soft skin of her chest.

I soon became greedy. Up to this point my erection had been pressed up against her hip and outer thigh, grinding to the rhythm of one her movements. I soon felt a tingling, no, a buzzing in my balls. I wanted more. I pulled away from her to slip my jogging pants off. She watched with a mixture of pleasure and fear as I stripped my boxers off. Her eyes grew wide as my cock sprang forward to meet her. It was long, veiny and thick. There was a smear of precum over the head. All my grinding had sent drops of it running over the side. If I had continued humping her the way I had been, I would have jizzed in my pants.

At first I thought she was going to stop. That she was going to put her clothes back on and she was going to leave saying that she had made a mistake and that she had had enough. It would have been an ego killer to be so exposed and vulnerable only to be pushed away at the last second. But to my surprise, she slowly reached for my cock and gripped the base tightly, where it seemed to mold perfectly to the warm and smooth comfort of her palm. I gasped as she started to stroke my shaft slowly and thoughtfully against her stomach. She was a thorough explorer, pulling the skin from the base all the way to the tip where she would squeeze more precum from the swollen head, letting it run down her knuckles in round droplets and smearing them against her belly button. She smiled as I moaned a little. My eyes and the muscles around my groin fluttered to the work of her grip. When she stopped for a moment to stretch her hand, I saw webs of my precum between her fingers. When she took hold of me again, she stopped and stared at me with wide eyes.

"How close are you?" She asked. I nodded my head though I was unsure. She smiled, taking off her wet and fogged glasses. "Would you like me to try something else?"

"Do you mean...?" I said, panting. I didn't want to say it because I wasn't sure what she meant by something else. But I got my answer pretty quickly when she rolled back to take the remainder of her pants off. Then on her belly she pushed down from me a little bit and laid across my legs, parallel with the bed. She bent her knees, lifting her feet into the pose. Yes! I thought. She was doing what I thought she was going to do. 

Gripping me at the base and cupping my balls with her hands, she brought her face closer. I couldn't believe what was happening. I watched my best friend wrap her lips around the head of my cock. At first she just sucked at the tip, but she soon lowered her head, taking me further into the warm, soft, dampness of her mouth. I felt the ruddy ridges of her molars against the side of my shaft as she pushed me against the back of her throat. Her face rested for a moment, eyes tearing up as she took a breath through her nose. She had stopped maybe only an inch from where my balls were. I had never been deep throated before, so the feeling was exhilarating. She looked up at me with a look of playful, curious innocence as if to ask why I hadn't cum yet. Then she started to make swallowing movements with her tongue and throat. I then felt a surge of energy rise through my dick as she pulled her head up one last time, sliding her tongue and lips all the way to the shaft before it popped out of her mouth. She held onto my cock as it began to spasm, followed by an eruption of hot seaman which spurted from the tip in thick ropes. Globs of it landed on her face an in her hair. There was a surprised look on her cum freckled face.

"That's a lot of cum!" she exclaimed, licking some of it that had gotten on her hand. 

We cleaned up and started to watch the show we were going to watch. I curled up between her breasts so I could hear the soft beating of her heart. She wrapped her arms around me held me close to her. I soon fell asleep.