 I was relaxing in the Jacuzzi in my parent's backyard after summer football practice. My parents were not home and the Jacuzzi was secluded enough to allow me a little freedom, so I had decided to forgo a swimsuit and to smoke a joint I had gotten from my buddy Big Jo. I always enjoyed luxuriating in the bubbles and the relaxation that the buzz afforded me, this was a very rare treat. The couple of times I had a chance to do this in the past I just sat in the hot water and stared into the woods behind the house as they raced up into the Virginia mountains. I would lose myself in the sound of the wind blowing through the leaves and the peacefulness of the setting.

All of my muscles were quietly complaining of the abuse that they had been put through on the practice field. I was not complaining though, this was my first year where I would be on the starting lineup of a college football team. Sure it was a small private college, and there were no illusions that it was for anything other than fun, but it was special to me nonetheless. 

It was my sophomore year, and I had found some modicum popularity there at the small campus. It helped that I had grown up in the town and last year I had been able to guide my fellow freshman to the bars that didn't card, where beer could be bought easily, and who were the best people to buy weed from. I was really starting to come into my own there, and this coming school year showed a good deal of promise.

As I was losing myself in thought I did not hear the gate swing open into the backyard. The family dog did not bark to alert me because he knew the person approaching. And as I took another drag on my severely diminished joint, I leaned my head back with eyes closed and exhaled the smoke... it was then that I noticed that I was in a shadow.

"Hey, Mike, watcha doin?" said the cheery voice of the shadow behind me.

I opened my eyes to see the coltish figure of Andrea, the daughter of the couple who lived across the street from my parents. She was just a little over five feet tall, with a willowy figure. She had long flowing black hair, and a dark complexion which revealed partial Philippine ancestry. She tended to be ridiculed by a lot of the kids in the neighborhood, because she didn't quite "fit in". My suspicion had always been that her dark skin and forward attitude had caused friction between her and the Hope sisters, who lived down the street. The Hope sisters were notorious, toxic bitches; there had been a rumor around my old high school that they had driven one girl to commit suicide through their bullying and derision, though I personally refused to attribute that power to them. To me they were just petty bullies whose only talent was for causing pain and anguish in others.

Unfortunately, because of the peer pressure of the Hope sisters, Andrea had not had many friends in the neighborhood. I had been the closest thing that she had to a friend there by the fact that I was one of the few people who was nice to her. For years before college she had always found reasons to hang around me, come over to my house, and generally follow me around. I guess if I had been more perceptive I would have recognized that I had become the target of a crush. So what came next was a bit of a surprise.

Andrea was staring down at me with a funny look on her face; she sniffed the air and asked, "Is that a joint?"

Realizing where I was and who I was talking to I did my best to hide it from sight... but there were no convenient places, and Andrea started laughing at my obvious discomfort. I relented and just admitted with a sigh, "Yes, don't tell anyone, OK?"

She giggled, "Don't worry, I won't if..." she paused for a moment for dramatic effect, "you let me soak in the hot tub with you for a little while."

I thought about this for a moment. I was stark naked under the water, a fact that was only hidden by the torrents of bubbles, and letting her soak with me might reveal that secret as well; but I was already exposed, so to speak, since she caught me getting high. So I nodded slowly and consented, "OK, I guess it couldn't hurt." I wasn't really thinking ahead of how I was going to get out as I had left my towel about ten feet away on the deck railing.

Andrea quickly stripped down, she was wearing a little green bikini with a sea shell pattern on it under a baby doll tee and a pair of cut offs. She stepped into the tub and sank down opposite of me. I was starting to get a little hard, partially from the motion of the bubbles on my dick and balls, partially from the tingly feeling from the pot, but mostly because of the situation that I was quickly finding myself in. She sank down into the hot water and a broad smile lit on her face as she let the relaxing powers of the Jacuzzi spread through her body.

"How was practice?" she asked.

"It was good, though my arms and legs are sore from all the excercise."

"I thought you worked out every day, you always lifted those weights every night, I mean I would have thought you..." she stopped short of finishing and blushed a little.

"There is a big difference between lifting weights in my room and running full tilt on a hot summer afternoon." It didn't dawn on me that before college I lifted weights in my room alone, and that most people including her shouldn't know about that.

Andrea was silent for a moment, "Yeah I guess you are right." She was silent for another minute then asked, "Do you always smoke pot back here?"

I looked at her, and then at the almost dead joint in my right hand, "No, this is like the third time I have smoked at my house."

"Do you smoke it a lot?"

I answered truthfully, "No, honestly, I'm a poor college student, I don't have the money to smoke a lot. I just smoke it every now and then."

She paused thoughtfully then the next words all jumbled out of her mouth "can I maybe just a little bit you know try it I won't tell anybody."

"I don't know," I responded incredulously.

"Please? I just want to see what it's about. I am not going to tell anybody. I just want to try it and see what the big deal is. I mean I turned eighteen last month, so you can't say I'm not old enough."

I shrugged and handed it over to her carefully and said, "Just hold it in your finger tips up to your mouth. Now purse your lips like you are going to blow on it, but suck in sharply a few times." She did as she was instructed, and grinned up at me then started coughing and dropped the remainder of the joint in the water.

She had a look of horror on her face as she saw it drop and scrambled to rescue it from the roiling water between coughs. She finally rescued the drenched roach and handed it to me with a look like she might be about to cry, "I'm sorry... it's just that the cough caught me by surprise and..."

I took it from her and smiled, "It's ok, it was done anyhow." I put the remnants of the joint into an empty can beside the Jacuzzi. When I turned back I noticed that Andrea was staring at me, then blushed when she noticed she had my attention again. I thought to myself that I might have given her a bit of a show when I leaned over to dispose of the joint... oops. The thought though cause my dick to surge a little more under the water going from swollen to firm.

Andrea and I were silent for another minute; Andrea seemed to be lost in a thought. "Why do guys like big boobs?" 

I looked at her for a moment a bit surprised and asked, "What?"

"Guys? Why do they always stare at girls with big boobs? All of the girls at the pool have boobs, and all of the guys are staring at them."

"And you are wondering why they are not staring at you?"

She sunk a bit, "Yeah..."

I could tell the fact that puberty had played a cruel joke on her by giving her barely A cups was getting to her, so I decided I would try to boost her a bit, "Because most boys your age don't know what sexy is yet. They see a pair of big boobs and they assume it's sexy. What they don't understand yet is that there is a lot more to it than that."

"Like what?" She asked curiously, the crestfallen look gone.

"Well boobs are just a small part of the whole package; there are also hips, face, the way you move, and most importantly personality. Those boys may get caught up in staring at boobs, but that is usually because they have never gone past staring. Honestly one pair of boobs is a lot like another, if the girl that they are attached to is boring, mean, or just dull... then a guy will quickly lose interest."

She thought about this for a minute. "So you are saying that only boys who don't know any better like big boobs, but college guys like you see other things as sexy."

"Exactly."

She thought about it for a minute, "So a girl who doesn't have big boobs can be sexy."

"Yeah, like Winona Ryder, is very sexy. But she doesn't have big boobs."

Andrea looked down at the barely discernible swells that her bikini top covered. "At least she has boobs."

I realized then that I should not have mentioned another woman she could compare herself to negatively. "Hey you have plenty of other things that make you sexy Andrea." It did not dawn on me then that I had not just crossed a line, but had gone screaming across it without even recognizing that it was there.

"Really?" said Andrea as she looked up from her chest with bright eyes.

"Oh yeah, you can dance, your hips have been nice for a while."

She frowned, "yeah I'm fat."

"A few curves in the right place are the difference between a flat ass and nice ass. Yours is definitely on the nice side." She smiled at that. "And you have a very pretty face," More smiles, "and your outgoing personality just rounds out the package perfectly."

She grinned and bit her lower lip, "So you are saying, I'm sexy."

I nodded, "Yes, you are. And the reason those boys don't see it is not because of anything you lack. It is because they are not experienced enough to realize it." She was now blushing furiously, biting her lip, and quickly looked down from my eyes.

She stayed that was for a few silent moments, until she asked in a very small voice, "Are you naked under the water?"

I was caught, so why try to hide it now, "Yeah, uhm... I can put on something..."

Andrea quickly interrupted me, "NO! ... I mean, no. You don't have to do that." She paused for a moment of consideration then reached up and began undoing the knot on her bikini.

My cock was now stiff as a board and the head was just at the water line, "Andrea?"

She was looking down now, blushing, chewing on her lower lip. "I mean I interrupted you, it's not fair for you to have to put something on. So I will just take this off." The top of her bikini dropped down into the water as she worked on the second knot, the water was just barely covering her nipples and hints of them would peek out from the bubbles from time to time. After the second knot was untied she daintily placed it on the side of the Jacuzzi. Then reached down and slipped off the bottoms. My cock was now throbbing as I watched this beauty undress for me. She put the bottoms with the top and looked up at me, still blushing and chewing her lower lip. "This is OK, right?"

I was in a bit of shock, "Yeah... it's great... I mean uhm fine, umm..."

Andrea gave a girlish giggle at my stammering, and looked down seeing the head of my cock peeking out of the water. Discovering some confidence from her newly discovered power she confessed, "I have to admit this is not the first time I have seen you naked. I saw you the first time a couple years ago when you were lifting weights in your room. I was kind of spying on you... and saw you strip down to take a shower. After that I would sneak over to your window as often as I could to watch you work out, then strip for your shower." She paused for a moment, "Could you show it to me? I have always wanted to see it closer up."

I was still in shock at her admission and just mutely stood and sat back down on the edge of the Jacuzzi with my legs apart so she could see everything. My cock was hard and throbbing, sticking away from my body, my balls heavily hanging. Andrea stared at it for a moment, then slowly moved across the Jacuzzi, staying low in the water to preserve some of her modesty, "I have only seen it hard a few times before... but never this big." Without asking she reached out and touched the tip and retracted her hand like it had been burned... she extended her had back and touched the tip again with her finger pushing it and giggling as it bounced back into place. As she gained more confidence with it she caressed it from the tip to the root and softly caressed my balls "I never imagined that it would feel like this, so hot, and silky, and hard. How do you... you know... you always turn off the lights."

I took the hand that was caressing my cock and moved it so that she was grasping my cock just under the glans. Her small hand could not quite reach around the shaft. I then took her other hand and put it over the head. "Stand up a bit and come closer." She paused for a moment, but stood up revealing her small breasts and hard, little nipples. I moved her closer so that she was standing between my legs and positioned my cock so that the head was now pressed against the soft skin of her chest right near her left nipple. I guided her hands to show her the up and down motion I so desperately desired. She copied the motion in a delectably slow way, rubbing the underside of the head against her breast flesh.

I rolled my head back at the exquisite friction being created. Andrea began experimenting a bit with the tempo and moving the head from side to side as she stroked the shaft up and down... eliciting a moan from me. As I was lost in this world of pleasure I heard her make a sharp intake of breath. I looked down and found that she had changed her pattern so that the head was now rubbing against her erect left nipple. I reached my left hand up and played with the free nipple. She looked up and gave me a smoky smile, I leaned down and kissed her lips. Her tongue broke her lips and heatedly searched for mine. There was a passion that I did not know existed in this girl that I had always thought of as that little girl across the street, which was now being communicated through the need of that kiss. The fire continued to build in my loins and I could feel the growing sensation which I knew well, I broke the kiss to warn her but was overcome by a sudden explosion of pleasure and the words caught in my throat. My seed spewed out all over her hand and breasts and neck, causing Andrea to begin giggling at my contorted face and with satisfaction of what she had just done. She stepped back a bit and looked down as my cum slowly ran down her chest and exclaimed, "Wow, that was so cool!"

I was still a little speechless as Andrea crawled back up my body for another kiss, pushing me down on the deck and smearing my spending over both of us. We continued to kiss for a little while as I regained my senses, she lifted up on her arms and looked down into my face... then down at the now congealing semen on both of our bodies. "Wow you made a mess," she scolded.

"I think I had some help."

Andrea giggled as she sat up, "I better wash off before I head home, my Mom is going to be wondering where I am."

I stopped her from dipping back into the tub, "wait not in there, that water just recycles. We can use the shower and get ourselves cleaned up."

"That sounds like it could be fun." She laughed and jumped up running into my house leaving me only with a picture of her wiggling butt as she ran.

I collected Andrea's clothes, my towel, and the discarded soda can. I then turned off the Jacuzzi and covered it. I walked into the house and heard the downstairs shower being turned on. I made my way back there, still stark naked. My cock was slowly recovering and becoming thicker at the thought of a naked Andrea soaping up in shower.

The door which led to the bathroom was ajar and the sound of somebody showering filled the room. I walked into the bathroom and saw the silhouette of Andrea's fragile form in the shower curtain as she soaped herself up. I poked my head into the shower curtain and took in the flaring backside of my new lover, her skinny legs, and the way that her long dark hair cascaded over her shoulders and down her back.

Andrea looked over her shoulder, saw me staring at her and gave a scream, "PERVERT!" and shoved her soapy washcloth into my face. I stumbled back blinded and surprised as Andrea laughed at me. I made my way to the sink and washed the soap out of my eyes and face and turned around to find Andrea's head poking out from the shower curtain. In a mocking tone she scolded my impudence, "How dare you look in on a helpless young lady while she is washing."

"Wait a second, spying on you while you are naked, makes me a pervert?"

"Yes." She stated matter-of-factly.

I smirked, "and what about peeking through a window to see somebody naked... would doing that make one a pervert?"

"Of course it would." She stated again in mock haughtiness.

To which I pointed an accusatory finger at her and yelled, "Pervert!" And I moved to step into the shower as if to apprehend her. She screamed and made a feeble attempt to fight me off but quickly relented to my grapple under the spray of warm water. I had both of my arms around her, and her slick naked body was pressed tightly against mine. My cock, now fully erect again, was nestled right at the upper swells of her ass and the small of her back. The soap was quickly slicking off her body under the warm spray.

She pitifully pleaded, "Please don't punish me, there were extenuating circumstances. It's not my fault, I couldn't help it." I brought my right hand up and started to play with one of her nipples, causing it to quickly become erect. She continued, "I didn't mean to spy on you at first, there was a kitten and I thought I saw it run into the bushes under your window." I moved my left hand down her body slowly over her belly and to her lightly haired mound. Andrea gasped and continued, "You were standing there lifting that bar over and over again... the sweat on your body, your muscles tensing and relaxing, I was hypnotized." My hand went lower still and found her clit, slick and protruding just a little from its hood, upon contact Andrea's legs jerked and I had to hold onto her tight to keep her from falling. Andrea gasped, "and then covered in sweat you took off your shorts and I saw it... your dick hanging there... and I could not leave." I rubbed Andrea's wet clit in a rapid circular motion, matched by the motion on her nipple. Andrea's breath was becoming more ragged and her legs were barely holding her as she was wracked with small spasms in response to my continued my attention. Breathlessly Andrea said, "I would touch myself each night I watched, dreaming of what it would be like to touch your body all over... fantasizing about what your dick would feel like... inside me." Andrea exhaled in a series of short whines and her body tensed in a series of convulsions as every muscle in her frame strained as an orgasm ripped its way through her small form.

I sat Andrea down in the shower and then sat down behind her so that she was now sitting between my outstretched legs. Andrea curled up against my chest pulling her knees up into a fetal position and said only, "hold me." I wrapped both arms around her and held her there in the shower spray.

After a few minutes I used my foot to kick off the shower eliciting a complaining whine from Andrea. She looked up at me pouting, "Why'd you turn off the water? It was nice." I gave her a quick peck on the lips and held up a pruned hand for her to see.

"That's why, come on let's dry off before we start to get cold."

Reluctantly Andrea untangled herself from me and stood up; I took the opportunity to run my hands up her tan legs to the tan lines on her firm ass. She looked back at me with a mischievous grin, and then slipped out through the gap in the shower curtain. I picked myself up as well and slipped out of the shower and into the bathroom. Andrea was standing there with a towel open that she wrapped around me in a big hug; I reciprocated the hug with my free arm, gently caressing the skin down her spine, down to the swell of her ass. Andrea dutifully dried my body but as the towel lowered it started to catch on my hard cock. Andrea giggled at my towel hanger as she knelt down to dry my legs. My own heightened state of arousal made the motion of the towel on my cock especially delectable. Andrea grasped my cock through the towel, a little firmer than I was expecting causing me to jerk back, releasing my cock from the towel.
