 I was in the living room watching 'Dating Beyond Borders' on YouTube trying to plan a holiday with my friends. Choosing a country to visit based on its stereotypical dating culture, seemed like a good way to ensure a good time. So far South American countries were the biggest contender, though my limited funds and the fact that my friends were still at Uni would be a hindrance. As I was living in the UK, Europe would be a cheaper option, plus with BREXIT right around the corner who knows how long my red passport would give me free access to a whole continent. Still, a lot more access than my green passport would anyway. I will always proudly claim to be a Nigerian, but the passport doesn't really have much international prestige. Speaking of which there was a video about dating a Nigerian man...

Knock! Knock!

I look towards the door and smile to myself. She's here. I can already feel myself getting a bit hard in anticipation. Standing up, I head towards to the door and quickly open it to see her standing there.

A big girl made of delicious soft curves with short brown hair tied up in a bun and kind brown eyes. She had a way of making you feel relaxed and open. Which made sense since she was a doctor, but what her patients probably didn't know was how those kind eyes could quickly turn to hunger and lust, that relaxing voice sexy and sultry when moaning in pleasure. For a moment I thought about kissing her by the door and ripping off her clothes in the corridor. Instead I opted for a hug.

"Hey you."

"Hey gorgeous, you get here ok?"

"Yeah decided to take an uber."

"You know you spend way too much money on Uber. I remember that one time you used it to get to Pineapple when it was just 5 min away. Bus is always an option."

She laughs at this, taking off her coat and bag in the living room.

"OK one it was cold outside that time, and two I was wearing heels. Besides if I want to use the bus I have to check times. Walk down the road. Uber is just easier, and besides," she walks towards me looking straight in my eyes till she's standing as close as she can get without touching.

"I wanted to get here quickly."

Flashing a naughty smile, she moves away to plant her thick ass on the sofa. We then proceeded to just talk for a while.

I first met Beth in a bar/club called Pineapple a few months ago and after some Great initial sex, we decided to try a friend with benefits thing. The best part about this was we actually managed the friend's part of this. We didn't talk to each other much during the week except to arrange to meet up, but when we did meet up I always enjoyed the hanging out part of the evening. It emphasised the build up to what we both knew was coming later. Which is why it didn't take long for the conversation to turn sexual.

"So, I was in Portugal by myself, somewhere in the Algarve just sitting by the bar and I started talking to this couple. They were both British and about the same age as me, so you know we got talking. They were really nice...and there was a lot of drinking...and we were joking about sex and I started to realise that they were both hitting on me."

My eyes widened at this. You hear about these stories on TV, but it never seems real, until you're talking to someone who's experienced it.

"So, they wanted to have a threesome with you?! Please tell me you said yes."

"I was so surprised, and to be fair they were both quite hot. But I chickened out and turned them down."

"Were you just not that into it?"

"Oh, I definitely was into the idea, I think I just hadn't done anything that...adventurous before in the bedroom. So, I was quite hesitant. I think now...if that opportunity came again, I would take it."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah."

During this whole conversation we had slowly been moving closer together. My hand was now rubbing her thigh and her face was a few inches in front of me. So, I decided it was time for the next stage. I took her face in both my hands and kissed her. Once, twice, longer this time, harder this time. Her hands are on my body trying to pull me in closer, while my hands are on a journey caressing each curve of her waist and ass. Up and down her thigh. Brushing against and then squeezing her breasts. Her breathings getting heavier and she smells amazing. My tongue traces her lips before her mouth opens wider and are tongues dance together. French kissing has always felt kind of weird, but in the moment its undeniably hot. Her hairband has come loose, so I grab her hair, pulling it just enough for her to feel it. Using her hair as reigns I expose her neck, so I can lick and suck and nibble all over it. Her sighs tell me she's enjoying it. My mouth wanders down from her neck to her cleavage where I bite and kiss what's exposed of her breasts. My remaining free hand has travelled between her thighs and I start to rub her pussy through her leggings. It feels damp. Using her hair to keep her in place I use my mouth to tease and taste her chest and neck, building her anticipation while the pleasant strokes of my free hand drive her to frustration. She's impatient now. She takes off her shirt and bra exposing her full breasts and hard nipples to the air. I let her take off my shirt but stand before she can take off my trousers.

"Slow down," I say. My gaze takes in every inch of Beth. Of this Beauty before me.

"We've got time, and I want to enjoy this."

Standing above her looking down I notice the effect just the start of our session has had on her appearance. Her lipstick is smudged. Her hair is messy. Her face is flushed. Her eyes have already glazed over with want, and something rises from me in response. A fierce desire, to mess her up more, to take her and fuck her ruthlessly without restraint briefly blazes through me. My cock pulses at the thought, and I take a step forward but then...I hesitate. Noticing my hesitation, she asks, "Are you ok?" 

Taking a deep breath to partially clear the haze of lust surrounding my brain, I take her face as she looks up at me and kiss her lips in response. Then her neck. I'm on my knees now biting and sucking her nipples as she leans back to enjoy the sensations I'm giving her. My mouth travels down further across her belly stopping briefly to kiss her belly button. My hands don't stop caressing her legs and her ass, constantly reminding her of my touch. After all of this she's extremely receptive when I finally start pulling of her leggings revealing her thick ass and her damp panties. I can already smell her desire but that just makes me want to tease her a bit. So, I start sucking on that sensitive spot where her thigh meets her pussy making her sigh in pleasure and frustration. I kiss and bite back up her left thigh before starting back down to her pussy on her right. I started licking her pussy through her panties teasing out the edges of her pussy lips, so I can suck on them. Her hands are on her nipples now as her hips start to gyrate trying to manoeuvre my tongue to touch her directly.

"Please stop teasing me", she whispered eyes mostly shut. Since she asked so nicely I decide to oblige her. 

I take off her panties and using just the tip of my tongue I lick the outer lips of her pussy, smelling her desire but barely tasting her. This direct contact caused her to moan.

"Oh yeah!"

After licking the outer lips, I began licking the other ones still using just the tip of my tongue, always stopping short of her clit. After a while of causing her to squirm I flattened my tongue and gave a slow wet lick all the way up her pussy.

"Mmmmm yeah"

Again, I stopped just short of her clit. Repeating the movement I licked slowly up her pussy, sometimes sticking my tongue in the her hole causing her to jolt and squirm, sometimes zigzagging up her pussy so my tongue grazes all her delicate folds. Never once do I touch her clit and its driving her mad. I can taste her juices as her pussy drips from the pleasure I'm giving her. But it's not enough. 

"Oh, FUCK you know what you're doing. I can't take this, please stop teasing me."

Since she asked so nicely I oblige. My next lick finally reaches her clit.

"OH, fuck yeah, yeah."

My lips cover the little clit head and my tongue goes to work alternating between gently flicking it and giving long heavy licks.

"Mmmhh Fuck!"

Her hands were on my head now, and I noticed her hips were gently rocking up and down against my tongue, so I focused my rhythm to licking back and forth across clit and this attentiveness quickly payed off. Her grip on my head increased with her breathing. She began moving her hips faster and I tried to keep pace. Not doing anything but moving back and forth exactly how she needed it. 

"Oh, fuck, fuck, that feels good, yeah" she whispered. Her body coiled building up to her release. Sensing her end was approaching and not letting up the pace I slipped two fingers into her hole curling my fingers upwards to press against the roof while increasing the pressure on my tongue. This sent her over the edge.

Her grip on my head tightened. The muscles in her thigh spasmed and her pussy tightened on my fingers as it gushed.

"Oh...ohh...oh FUCK!!" I kept licking her pussy as her body continued to shake while she rode the wave of her orgasm. Eventually the shaking stopped, and she moved her pussy away from my mouth. The sensitivity too much.

Breathing heavily, she looked down at me. "I really liked that," she giggled.

"Yeah?"

"Mmhmm. Now it's my turn. So please take off your trousers."

"Please?"

"Yeah asking nicely seems to work with you."

I laugh at that. "Good manners are always important."

"Very true. Now let's get those off." 

Honestly glad to be free of them I quickly take them off and sit on the sofa before kissing her realising that she is tasting herself. That's hot. After a while she slides down my body to her knees in front of me. The feel of her hot pussy and her breasts as they graze past my dick is intoxicating. But the sight of her looking up at me with my dick in her hand. My brain shuts down.

"Do you want me to suck your cock?" she asked.

All I could do was nod. She smiled and gave a long lick on the underside of my cock. She continued licking it all over coating it with her spit till she could easily slide her hand up and down my cock. I groaned in pleasure. Encouraged by the sound of my approval she began sliding her lips over my cock engulfing it. 

"Mmm fuck"

She began slowly sliding her lips up and down my cock. The sounds of her wet lips sucking just contributed to make me harder than I thought possible. My hands went into her hair and I started to massage her head as her mouth went to work.

My fingers got tangled in her hair as I gently guided her head back and forth on my dick and I began to let out some grunts and sighs in encouragements.

"Fuck B. I love the way you're sucking me B."

She decided this was the moment to take me as deep as she could into her mouth. I sat amazed as I watched the inches of my cock disappear till I felt the back of her throat. "OH, Fuck B!"

But she couldn't take me any further and had to pull out. Gagging and coughing from her efforts, she caught her breath still stroking my dick before grabbing my waist before repeating the action, taking it as deep as she could go...and she held it there...1 second, 2 seconds...then I felt her gag and choke before coming up for air again. Her hands replacing her mouth to continue stimulating me.

She looked up at me and our eyes met. Her mascara had begun to run, her lipstick was messed, her hair was a mess, and there was spit all over her mouth. 

God, she looked beautiful. 

I cupped her face in my hands just admiring this beautiful woman who was sucking my cock. My thumb traced her lips and almost as if in a trance I slipped it inside. She willingly accepted it, allowing me to explore her tongue, her mouth, her slimy insides, keeping eye contact with me the whole time.

Pulling my thumb out of her mouth I tasted her. Tasted her spit and her drool. Unsurprisingly it tasted of spit and drool, but in the moment, it seemed like the hottest thing ever. Beth certainly seemed to think so she started sliding her lips against my dick, rubbing it up and down, licking and kissing and driving me wild. My hands gripped her hair tight. Tight enough for it to hurt just a little and guided her mouth back fully over my cock and she began her work in earnest. Bobbing her mouth up and down my cock in a delicious rhythm that had me feeling great...but it wasn't enough. If I wanted to cum I needed to her to go faster, suck harder, my hips started to buck unconsciously, and I held myself back from slamming her head down and fucking her mouth without restraint. Instead I pulled her head off my cock and smiled at her. 

"You are so goddamn gorgeous B." Then I kissed her, again and again pulling her back up into my lap till she was sitting astride me. My hands squeezed her boobs, stroked her back, before sliding down to her ass while her mouth went to my neck as her pussy started grinding on my dick.

"I want you to fuck me," she said into my ear.

I nodded in response and we quickly fumbled to get my cock into position before she sat down sliding my cock into her. She felt warm and wet and tight. I put my hands on her waist for support as she began to grind herself back and forth with my cock inside of her. Her arms wrapped around my neck and her eyes squeezed closed as she revelled in the pleasure of us finally fucking.

"Ohh Fuck, fuck. Ohh I like this. Keep fucking me. More." 

I thrust upward as best I could to meet every downward grind desperate to penetrate her more. Trying to shove all my cock in her pussy. We thrust at each other desperate till we were hoarse. Then slowed to a grind while we caught our breath. Then started picking up the pace again. But it wasn't enough.

I stopped her and lifted her off me.

"Turn around. I'm going to fuck you from behind."

Beth smiled and quickly turned around to face the back of the sofa raising her ass in the air.

I spent a minute fumbling with my cock trying to penetrate but seemingly unable to find her pussy before she reached round to grab my cock and pulled me inside of her. Fuck

Unable to hold back I started thrusting into her from behind, watching her ass jiggle every time my groin smacked into her ass. My hands were on her curvy hips pulling her back onto me with each thrust. The sound of us fucking filled the room and my dick seemed to get even harder than I felt possible. Beth was gripping the back of the sofa mouth hanging open not bothering to suppress all the moans and groans drawn from within her with each thrust.

"Hah ohhh fuck...fuck...oh shit...hah."

Smack! Smack! "Oh fuck!" My hand reared back to spank her ass again. Smack! Smack! Smack!

" OHHH SHIT!". The sudden spanking seemed to send her over edge has her body suddenly convulsed and shuddered. Her pussy clamped down on my cock which proved too much for me to handle. I quickly pulled out and came across her ass.

Breathless we both took a moment to regain our senses before cleaning up. Got some water because hard fucking is a lot more exercise than you realise. Then we just lay on the sofa naked together. Eyes mostly closed. Just enjoying the post sex feeling. Eventually she turned to me and giggled "You really like teasing me don't you."

"Yeah...you are very teasable."

"Am I?"

"Yeah it's just how responsive you are when I'm touching you. Makes me want to frustrate you."

"Well you are quite good."

I shake my head at that. Time has taught me that an inflated ego can only lead to disappointment in the bedroom. 

"I'm OK but thanks for the compliment...Oh and sorry if I was a bit too rough when you were going down on me. You were driving me crazy."

At this she sat up and gave me more of a serious look. "You weren't too rough. In fact, you could've been rougher if you wanted."

I was a bit taken aback by that. I had been with a few girls before this, but no others had been as receptive to trying things a bit rougher. I was intrigued. And yet.

"I would but...it's kind of scary."

"Rough sex? Cause we don't have -."

"No...it's more like...I'm scary."

I pulled back from her a bit at this point. It was awkward and embarrassing putting into words what I'd been feeling, and while I couldn't look her in the eye while doing it. I wanted to say it.

"It's like...when I tried spanking you I just wanted to keep doing it. Till your ass turned red and it hurt. Till you were shouting. But...usually that's something I resist or ignore. It's just difficult to admit that. I mean I don't want to do anything that would make you uncomfortable."

I stopped not sure if I got my point across still hesitant to look at her. 

She took my hand in hers.

"I've never really thought about kink and rough sex all that much before. But...those moments when I was going down on you hard or you were spanking me...I really enjoyed it. So, I'd be willing to try more of that with you."

I turned to face her. In her eyes I saw assurance...and excitement. She was being honest she really did want this. But still...I wasn't sure.

"Maybe. I'll think about it."

Over the next hour or so we got dressed ate some leftovers and she left via Uber. All I could think about that night was what we'd talked about. She was ready to try, but was I? What if I suck? What if I go too far? What if I don't go far enough? What if I can't get hard?

These thoughts ran through my head over and over until I finally made a decision. I want to do this. I want to let go and give in to my desires, even the sadistic ones. She's willing to explore that with me. So, I won't be an idiot. The next day I messaged her.

Ola: Hey, B I've been thinking about what we were saying last night. You're right I do want to let go a bit more, but I need to know what you're ok with. As in if this was a fantasy scenario and I was to get really rough with you to the point where we're using a safe word. How would it go?

Beth: I like the idea of this. I'll reply in more detail after work.

Beth: So, I'm really excited to try this. Pushing the limits of domination. Seeing you lose control. And if there's a safe word then I don't see a problem with it.

Ola: Using a safe word means we use that instead of no. So, you could be saying stop and I'd keep going. Until you say the safe word. I know you're excited. I am to. But I need you to help me paint a clearer picture of what this would like to start with, so I don't take things in a disappointing direction to start with. So, for me I'm thinking of:

Biting, hard enough to leave a mark

Spanking, long enough to turn your ass red

Choking you a bit, with my hand and my dick

Ordering you around

Restraining you

Using your toys.

Beth: I'm up for all of that. I understand saying stop or no wouldn't mean you would stop. I was thinking of hard spanking, choking, you being in total control, maybe me having to ask for permission to cum. Biting is also fine, but I can't have any marks visible when I'm wearing clothes. Call me a good girl when I'm good, and a bad girl or a slut when I'm bad. Cum on my face if that's what feels good at the time.

Ola: When are you next free to come round?

*Concluded in Chapter 2*