 Hi Sue:  

I've been thinking about you again.  I hope you are still thinking of me.   Do you dream of how hard I am?	Can you feel my hands slide over your ass?  Do you hear me whisper in your ears?  Can you feel my wet tongue in your pussy?  Can you taste my cum?  

I've already told you about fucking three moms of friends and former girlfriends.  I told you about Lois and how she seduced me on her son's (my roommate's)  wedding night.	I told you about how Rose, the mother of one of my high school  friends, offered me cookies and instead gave me her pussy.  And, I told you  about Carol, the mother of an ex-girlfriend, and how she picked me up at a  bookstore this spring so that she could release her angry passion on me.  I  suppose I should mention that she invited me over next Thursday evening.  First  time that I've seen her since that hard balling I gave her last spring.  

Now I want to tell you about how I fucked a woman's mother before the woman  became one of my other lovers.  

I first met Cora at her house the beginning of summer of one of my grad school  years.	Her daughter Melanie and I had become friends in college and she invited  a few of us to spend some days at the end of the school year in the big city  with her at her mother's place.  Along with me were two other students named  Craig and Tom. Also, one of the college volleyball players named Brenda joined  us.  

I was immediately taken by Cora when I first laid eyes on her.	She was warm  and friendly with dark eyes that sparkled.  I had already developed a taste  for older women and Cora's nice ass and large tits got my blood flowing.  I  never dreamt anything would come of my little lust so I just behaved in my  normal charming way.  

All of us (Melanie, Brenda, Craig, Tom and myself) arrived in early evening  and Cora was there ready with refreshments.  She had put out quite the Martha  Stewart spread.  We had a real good time.  I talked a bit with Brenda since  I didn't know her very well and joked around with the rest of my friends.   I offered help to Cora at any chance that arrived.  I just wanted to be around  her to flirt and make her laugh.  

When we had arrived Cora directed us to put our bags in various rooms.	Brenda  and Melanie were to sleep together in her basement bedroom. Craig and Tom took  Melanie's sister room, also in the basement.  Melanie's sister, Bethany was  spending the night at a friend's house.  I was assigned the small room upstairs  that had a day bed.  At first I was a little disappointed about the accommodations  but, after I realized that Cora's bedroom was just across the hall, I was more  pleased.  

Finally the night wore to a close and we made our way to our various rooms.  Cora asked if I'd be all right on the day bed and I said "Sure, as long as  you tuck me in and read me a bedtime story.".  She just smiled at me.    I hadn't bothered to bring any pajamas so I decided to just sleep in my underwear.  I turned off the light and crawled into bed.  A few minutes later I heard  a light knock on the door.  It was Cora.  "Is everything ok for you tonight?"  She opened the door slightly and I could see her silhouetted in the doorway.  "Yes, except I haven't had my bedtime story yet."  

"You're so silly.  You make me laugh."	She entered and turned on the light.  "Ok, if you want a story I'll read you one."  She was wearing a red fluffy  bathrobe pulled tight around her.  I loved the way her ass filled out the back  of the robe and how her pale knees poked out from under it.  

"What do you want to hear?"  She walked to a shelf filled with soft covered  books.	"My ex-husband left behind a bunch of westerns and spy thrillers. I  think if I looked I could find some books from when the girls were kids."   I picked up the book that was resting on the end table by the day bed.	Apparently  Cora was in the middle of reading it.  "This one will do fine," I said.  I  looked at the title and smiled at her.	It was called "Virtual Warrior" and  the picture on the cover was of a well-muscled man with a woman draped across  his legs.  Cora blushed.  

"Ok, I guess that could be interesting."  She took the book from me and sat  on the edge of the bed next to me.  My legs were now pinned by the covers.   She reached into her robe pocket to take out a pair of glasses.  As she did  this I caught a glimpse of one of her large breasts.  She wasn't wearing a  bra.  I could feel myself get hard.  

She put on her glasses.  They were the half-rimmed style of glasses. I had  never actually seen anybody wear them.	For some reason they made me even hotter  for her.  Cora looked at me over the top of her glasses.  I looked back into  her dark eyes.	"Where should I start?"  

I took the book from Cora's hands, opened it about two-thirds of the way through.  "Here, this'll be fine."  I fluffed my pillows and propped myself up on them  waiting for her to start.  The covers were pulled down to my stomach showing  my bare chest and well muscled arms.  

Cora started reading "The warrior loomed over her. His leather jerkin, open  to his waist, revealed a bounty of chest muscles and a corrugation of abdominals.  Tight buff breeches hugged lean hips and well shaped thighs. Maggie O'Brien's  gaze jumped from his belt buckle to his jewel-encrusted boot knife, avoiding  the obvious indications of a man well endowed. Clear thought fled."    I flexed my chest when Cora was reading about the leather jerkin.  She couldn't  help but laugh.  She playfully put one of her hands on my chest and held the  book open with the other.  

Cora continued reading "Maggie paused at the entrance and stared up at the  warrior. 'He is beautiful. Arrogant, I would think, but . . . powerful.'"  

I put my hand on Cora's and again flexed my chest.  She could feel the strength  of my young body and paused from her reading.  She glanced over the top of  her glasses, "I think you're being a bit arrogant."  I smiled and ran my other  hand up her thigh slightly loosening her robe.	She looked at me again over  her glasses.  "You better behave, or I won't finish reading your bedtime story."  "Go on", I said, "read some more.".  

Cora looked in the book again and read "Maggie didn't know what came over her.  She threw out her arms and let the dress fall to the floor. The warrior suddenly  raised his head and paused, one boot poised to step over a tree root. He looked  right at her."  

I opened Cora's robe revealing her bountiful breasts and the fact that she  wasn't wearing panties either.	I could tell she was wet but she didn't stop  reading.  "And smiled", she continued.  

I let my fingers roam to her pussy lips.  I knew for sure now that she was  wet.  Cora continued to read as my fingers entered her.  She moved her hips  and gasped.  She stopped reading and looked at me again over her glasses.   She whispered "I can't honey.  My daughter and your friends are downstairs.  They'll hear us."  

My fingers flicked across the top of her clit.	"Are you sure you don't want  me to be your warrior, Cora?  They won't hear us.  They're asleep.  I want  to be your warrior tonight Cora."  I slipped the covers down showing her my  hard hard cock.  It was peeking at least two inches out of my boxer briefs.  I saw her eyes widen at the sight.  

I heard the book drop on the floor.  Cora pulled the covers off me and said  "I need a strong warrior."  My fingers entered into her wet pussy and she gasped.  Cora pulled my boxers off and then took my cock in her hands.	"You're very  strong.  You must be a warrior."  

She stroked my cock while I fingered her.  I pulled her leg over me while she  kept talking as if she was still reading from the romance novel.  Cora said  "Their loins parted as they embraced."	My cock entered her on the word 'embraced'.  She arched her neck back and opened her mouth.  Her short dark curls fell  off her neck.  

Cora peered at me again over her glasses.  I grabbed her ass firmly in both  hands and thrust my hips up rapidly into her.  She posed over me.  I watched  as my cock quickly went in and out.  I heard Cora whisper "oh my god, you are  such a strong warrior.	take me honey, i'm your slave.	take your captive slave". 

Cora leaned forward as I thrust harder into her.  Her breasts started rubbing  against my chest.  She grabbed my hair and started to scream in pleasure.   I covered her mouth with my hand and Cora pressed her hips against me.	She  looked at me through the half glasses with a combination of surprise and lust.  I think she was surprised that she had let my cock into her and she was surprised  that I made her cum so hard.  

"Oh, god, honey.  That was good."  She relaxed in my arms.  

My cock was still hard.  I rolled her over and entered her again.  She put  her arms around me.  I gently took off her glasses and placed them on the night  stand.	I kissed her for the first time that night and drove my stiff rod into  her and held it tight against the top of her pussy.  She came again but this  time even harder.  

"Do you want to be my slave tonight Cora?"  She smiled at me vacantly through  her orgasm.  I love fucking while a woman is contracting around me.  I drove  into her again and again while holding my hand over her mouth.  

"Do you want to be my slave Cora?"  "Oh yes, my young warrior, my captor.   I want to be your slave.  Take me."  I pulled one of her legs around.  Cora  was still on her back but I had twisted her so both her legs were on one side  of me.	I watched her round ass as my cock slid into her.  

"Get on your knees Cora.  Bend over.  I want to hear you beg."	I entered her  doggy style.  My hands pulled her hips into me. I started fucking her hard.  "You're my master.  Do what you want with me." I lightly spanked her.  "Take  me master.  I want to feel your hard justice master."  My thighs were slapping  against Cora's ass.  Cora's chest was rubbing on the bed.  Her arms were thrust  forward.  Her hands clenched the pillow as she came again.  I pulled out and  shot my cum on her ass.  

Cora caught her breath and turned around to look at me.  "It's never felt that  good before, honey.  You're so strong but I'd like to make you beg next time."   She got up and kissed me. "I hope you have sweet dreams."  Then she went back  to her room.  

I slept in late the next morning.  When I got up I wandered down to the kitchen.   Cora was there wearing the red fluffy bathrobe she had on briefly the night  before.  She turned around and smiled.	"Melanie and your friends went downtown  for breakfast.	They decided to let you sleep.	Melanie said you looked like  an angel.  I think she's right."  Cora smiled at me again.  

She opened her robe revealing her breasts and pussy to me again.  "They won't  be back till noon.  Would the young warrior like to fuck his old captive slave  again?"  I got hard immediately.  "Come upstairs to my room.  It's got a much  nicer bed than that old day bed."  

I followed her up the stairs.  Cora took off robe and sat on the edge of the  bed.  She spread her legs and started fingering herself.  "I'm so glad they're  gone.  I can still feel how you were in me."  She smiled.  "You shouldn't fuck  old women, honey.  They never get enough."  

"I want you in here again but first I want you to eat me out."	I knelt down  before her and kissed her thighs.  I worked my way in and let my tongue lick  her pussy lips.  I reached my hands up and started playing with her breasts.   Soon Cora was moaning.	I could feel her hands on my neck and tugging on my  hair.  "C'mon honey.  Time for your cock." She groaned "I want it hard again." 

I started fucking Cora but this time slowly.  She looked at me "Honey, you  can fuck me hard.  They're all gone."  I caught a glimpse of myself in her  dresser mirror.  Her legs were wrapped over my ass.  I started thrusting hard. 

"You make me scream."  I could tell Cora was near coming.  "Fuck me honey.  That's it.  Oh ohh ooh yes yes that's it YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!"  Cora embraced  me as I came in her. "YEEesssss!!!"  She shook her head back and forth. She  kissed me hard, then gently.  "oh, that's what I needed.  You were so good."   Just then we heard noise downstairs.  "Mom?  Where are you?"  "Oh, my god,  that's Bethany.  Quick. Get into the bathroom before she sees you."  I dashed  into the hallway and slipped into the bathroom. As soon as I softly closed  the door I heard "I'm up here honey, I'll be right down."