 "HOLY SHIT! HOLY FUCKING SHIT! YOU ARE FUCKING BULLSHITTING ME RIGHT NOW!" Summer was yelling exclamations as she was driving down the highway... nearly hitting a panel truck in the other lane. I had just finished telling her the story of my afternoon.

 "No, that is pretty much the way it happened. And how about not killing us," I exclaimed as the little Honda came much too close to another car. Summer had just gotten the car about a month earlier, and with the way she was driving the poor vehicle did not seem like it would be long for the world. Summer was a curvy hippy chick with long dirty blonde hair, a cute pug nose, and beautiful green eyes. She was my first real love and we had lost our virginity to each other during a hot and sweaty summer about four years prior. 

 Grade school romances are always dicey, and upon returning to school fate worked against us continuing our teenage romance much further. Shortly after school started her mother had to move them to the other side of the city when her dead-beat father decided to drop off of the face of the Earth and stop paying child-support. There were lots of tears when she had to move to a new house, a new school, and we were no longer an easy bike ride away from each other... by the winter after that amazing summer we barely got to see each other. 

 Unlike so many other couples that I seen explode into ugly conflagration in the middle of the school hall, we were able to remain friends after the separation; soon enough when we were able to drive across town to see each other, coming back together to still be friends, only now with extra benefits. Looking back on it now, given the insane intensity of the emotions that most of the relationships I experienced during that period of life... it was probably the distance which allowed us to cool from first loves back to friends and then warm back up to casual lovers. If we had been around each other constantly in school after that summer we would have predictably spun out of control and self-destructed in one of any number of dramatic ways.

 As it stood now we were best friends and able to share things with each other that we couldn't talk to other people about. She was the only person I could have told about my experience with the neighborhood nymphet in my parent's Jacuzzi.

 "You have so created a fucking monster... a fucking monster," Summer disintegrated into peals of laughter at her own witticism. The car's nerve wracking swerves matched her laughter, the fact that she did not cause a thirty car pile-up can only be attributed to the intervention of divine providence.

 "Give me a break, Summer. It's not like that."

 Summer pulled onto the exit ramp that led to our usual haunt, a Burger King with a large parking lot where most of the younger crowd looking for a party in this part of the city hung out. She was still giggling as she found a parking place. "Wait... wait... let make sure I have this right. This is a girl who has been following you around like a puppy dog for a couple years now... and apparently has been stealing peeks at your bod and playing with herself fantasizing about you. Then when she gets a chance to be alone with you she fishes for a compliment, which you bite on because you are a sappy fool. Thereby, confirming in her head that you want her just as much as she wants you."

 I interrupted Summer, "Come on, that's ridiculous." 

 Summer just gave me a knowing look, "Do you have a vagina?"

 "No."

 "Right... I do, I know what I'm talking about and you don't. You confirmed that you wanted her as much as she wanted you. And then she contrived a reason to take off her clothes, then see and play with your dick, because not only are you a sappy fool but you are a horny fool as well." Summer shook her head, "Sounds like you better hide your rabbit."

 I looked at her a little confused, and she held up her right hand as if she had a knife in it and began stabbing me with the imaginary knife imitating the sound from 'Psycho', "EEEE! EEEE! EEEE! You've got yourself a Fatal Attraction, Mike."

 I sighed and unbuckled the seat belt. As I opened the car door to get out I said sarcastically, "Thanks for all the help", and started walking towards the Burger King.

 Half way across the parking lot Summer caught up to me, grabbing me from behind with both arms in a great big hug... I could feel her ample breasts pressing into my back, "Hey, I kid cause I love." She softly kissed my ear and then whispered evilly, "You gonna pop her cherry tomorrow?"

 "Goddammit Summer!"

 She giggled as she let go and ran inside.

 In the restaurant we got some drinks and a large order of fries to share, we saw a few people who were familiar but Summer steered us to a quieter corner. She had mentioned that she wanted to talk about something. When we settled in she sipped on her drink quietly looking down as if I wasn't there, a signal that I recognized well.

 I pulled from her, "So, what is up? You said yesterday that you wanted to talk."

 Summer looked around a bit to make sure that nobody was within earshot, "I am kind of fucked up right now about Rachel. We hooked up again and," she paused like she wasn't sure how to say the next part, "she said that she loves me." She looked up from her drink and into my eyes, "Mike... I don't know what to do. I said it back to her, but it was like some kind of reflex, like my mouth just talked without giving my head a chance to tell it what the fuck to say."

 I reached out a hand and gently grasped the one that was holding her drink. This was the late 80's, people were not as open and understanding then about homosexuality or bisexuality, and the term LGBTQ had not even been conceived. "Fuck! What if she expects us to be exclusive now, what if she assumes that I am a lesbian too, what the hell I am I doing?" She looked into my eyes as if there was going to be some answer hidden there.

 "How do you feel about her?"

 "I don't know. I guess I care about her, but it is not like I can talk to her about shit. Mostly I just enjoy her touch, and her lips, and the feel of..." she drifted off and got this dreamy and horny look in her eyes. I have to admit my own mind was drifting off to images of Summer's naked body embracing another woman's. "God, I wish I could introduce you to her, but..." she trailed off.

 "You haven't told her about me."

 "No, we don't really," she trailed off again, "I don't think she would understand. She is not like Ashley or Mary, who were just looking for a fling." She grew quiet, "I don't know what to do with her."

 Even I knew what the right thing to do was, I was guessing that her reticence was because she knew it would hurt this girl. My skepticism apparently showed through my face when she frowned and said, "oh shut up."

 "I didn't say anything."

 Summer looked down, "you didn't have to. It was written all over," she motioned her free hand towards my face, "I should tell her the truth, consequences be damned... because the longer I let this go the worse it will get. I guess I knew, I just needed to say it to confirm it."

 I nodded my head sagely and comfortingly squeezed her hand. She looked back up, Summer's bright smile again lighting up her face, "But, I don't have to face that till next week, so instead let's find something fun to do." With that she brushed off the worries in the ephemeral way that she was and scooted out of the booth we had sequestered ourselves in.

 As she flitted away towards a loose gathering of people our age on the other side of the restaurant, she turned as I followed and teased, "besides, it is more fun to talk about your girl troubles."

-=*=-

 Later that night Summer and I were laying out on a blanket on top of a water pumping station that over looked part of the city. The pumping station was nothing more than a twenty foot by twenty foot block of concrete with a steel door set in one corner. It had at one point been guarded by a chain link fence, but the surrounding forest had made short work of the fence and a couple of trees had opened a nice gap in it. It was pleasant and secluded and we used to come up here all the time when we had lived closer to each other... it was also the place where we had given ourselves to each other years before. We hadn't found anything interesting to do at the Burger King and had decided to drink a six pack I had bought for us from a store I knew didn't card.

 Summer had brought a small boom box up to the pumping station and was playing some bootleg tape that she had gotten from Rachel... she had told me the band was called Fish (but with a Ph), they sounded an awful lot like the Grateful Dead to me. Summer was swaying her body to and fro to the music, a beer in her right hand held high above her head. Her loose summer dress was almost translucent in the light of the full moon, her shapely hourglass figure shadowed in the gossamer glow. I loved to watch her dance, her sensual moves were a lot better than the music.

 When the tape ended, Summer plopped down beside me and flipped the tape over. I laid back to take in the stars, as she hit play. Instead of getting up and dancing again Summer laid down, resting her head on the top of my stomach. She laid there for a minute, then started to speak quietly, "If you do decide to pop her cherry tomorrow," I shifted uncomfortably to which she immediately edited, "I am not saying you are going to, just if you do... make sure you work her up real good before you do the deed."

 I looked down at her, she was looking me in the eyes and had an indecipherable look on her face. "Girls talk and some of them I know have horror stories about how painful their first time was. And well... I can't say that our first time was the most comfortable experience I have ever had. And you are not small by any stretch of the imagination," she punctuated that by grabbing my cock through my jeans. "I guess what I am trying to say is, that if you are going to, promise me that you will make it as easy on her as you can."

 I wasn't sure what to say so I just nodded, "OK, I promise."

 She cocked a smile at me and squeezed my now inflating dick, "I know you will." She moved up and kissed my lips tenderly. Then raised up and looked down at where her hand was still holding my now rock hard dick, "oops, I think I may have started something."

 I smiled up at her, "I think you may have" and to emphasize the point I reached up and caught her right nipple, a place I discovered long ago was super sensitive, between my thumb and forefinger and pinched it through the thin fabric of her dress. 

 Summer's mouth opened into a silent scream, her jaw shaking just a little bit as the sensation washed over her. "Oh God! I have a list of people I want you to teach how to do that."

 I laughed at her, "past lovers who never got the knack of it?"

 "No, future ones who I want to have trained."

 "Whatever my mistress desires, I, the humble head of your harem shall provide." We both laughed at my joke for a moment until I pinched Summer's nipple again drawing her concentration away from the humor. With my free hand I pulled the straps down Summer's shoulders revealing first one round, beautiful breast. Letting go of Summer's nipple I revealed the breast it was attached to. Summer pulled her arms free from the straps quickly as I stretched up to capture the nipple in my mouth. When I had my favorite nipple between my lips I bit down on it gently, using my lips to cushion my teeth, causing Summer to hiss in a breath and shiver uncontrollably. Summer's hand continued gripping my cock through my jeans, tugging on it as if she might be able to rip it free from its denim prison.

 Summer rocked back into a sitting position away from my groping hands and exploring mouth. As she sat up her other hand ran down my body till she found the top of my jeans. Deftly her fingers undid the buttons, and pulled my pants and boxers down to my ankles revealing my hard and throbbing cock. With little fanfare or ceremony Summer hiked up the bottom of her dress revealing that she had forgone panties this evening, and straddled my hips. With one hand she found my dick and guided it to her hot, and already wet entrance. I could feel through the head of my cock that Summer was like a swamp, and that there would not be a need for foreplay tonight. She sheathed me into her depths in one smooth motion, the shock of which almost causing me to cum right then and there. Summer dropped the dress to let it pool around our hips, covering where we were joined. She then laid herself down fully on top of me, making it hard for me to move, or even thrust up into her. Her face was just inches from mine when I felt a new sensation, it felt as if a hand had grabbed my cock through the walls of her pussy and let go.

 Summer grinned and laughed at the surprised look on my face as she did it again, "You like that? I learned it from Ashely. I have been working on those muscles for the past three months," Her pussy grabbed my cock again causing me to gasp, and Summer to giggle at my reaction. She began a slow, languorous motion up and down my body squeezing my cock rhythmically as it traveled in and out of her steamy tunnel. Her face inches from mine she moved in closer and licked sweat that had formed on my forehead as she moved up my body, I nipped at an ear but missed... the torturous pleasure she was giving me made me feel like a caged animal. She buried her face into my hair and began breathing hard and licking my ear.

 "I want you to tell me about it, when you shove this big cock in her little virgin pussy," she squeezed my cock like a vice with her pussy to punctuate it. "I want you to call me afterwards, and I want you to tell me about that sweet little pussy" She continued to slowly move up and down my body, "I want you to describe for me what it looks when her pussy is split open by your cock." Still slowly up and down, her pussy squeezing my cock... I could feel my balls tingling. "I want you to describe for me what her pussy tastes like." The thought of eating out Andrea caused my cock to throb. "I want you to make her cum on your big cock, and look in her eyes and tell me what you see." She grabbed my face in both hands, I stretched up and caught her mouth in an intense soul wracking kiss. I could tell by the way that Summer was breathing when we broke the kiss that she was on the edge of cumming. She looked in my eyes, not inches from my face and whispered, "and tell me if it looks anything like... thisssss." The final word turned into a long hiss as her orgasm hit her. Her eyes squinted and her upper lip twitched a few times as she rode the waves of her orgasm. I was already on the verge when she began her orgasm, and the sudden clamping of her pussy and violently erratic movements of her pelvis brought me over. I exploded in a series of torrents into her waiting cunt.

 Summer collapsed on my chest breathing in long ragged breaths and twitching every now and then. My cock was still lodged in her much looser, and much wetter vagina; the combined juices of our effort was slowly dribbling down to the base of my cock and making a mess in my pubic hair. After a few minutes of laying there enjoying the closeness Summer stirred, "Sorry about that. I didn't mean to bring up the girl..." She let that apology hang in the air for minute. "But from your reaction, I don't think you minded," she laughed.

 I laughed too, because she was right the dirty talk about busting Andrea's cherry and calling her about it later to give her a play by play was deliciously depraved. I decided though to test just how depraved she wanted to get with this. "What time should I call you?"

 Summer was silent for a minute; I could see in her face that she wasn't sure how to answer this, "You would really do that?"

 I decided to turn it up another notch, "Will you be masturbating when I call you?"

 Summer meekly said, "Maybe." I always found it funny that even with as sexually brazen as she was, even though we had been lovers, shared our bodies, and our most intimate secrets with each other; she was still shy when talking about her own masturbation.

 "So what time should I call?"

 Summer was silent for about a minute in thought until her reverie was broken by my deflating cock finally slipping free from her pussy. The sensation of which caused her to immediately sit up and squeal, "EEek! I'm leaking" She started looking around in vain for something to clean up with mumbling, "Fuck! I should have put a rubber on you." Finally she settled on a corner of the blanket to clean herself up with, much to my protest.

 -=*=-

 Summer was a million miles away on the ride home, and uncharacteristically quiet. I wasn't sure if she was lost in thoughts about her problems with Rachel, or if there was something else going on. I knew though that it was best to wait till she signaled to me that she wanted to talk before I pried. When we got to my house and she dropped me off, she got my attention before I left her car, "Mike, nine. Call me at nine."

 "But will you be masturbating?"

 Quietly, her eyes cast down shyly, she answered, "Yes."

-=*=-

 It was nine O'clock at night on Saturday, Andrea had left a few hours earlier and I was polishing off a pizza I had ordered for is from Domino's. I dialed Summer's number, because I had a story to tell her. 

 Summer's phone rang a few times then was answered by a female voice, "Hello?" It was Summer's Mom, Belinda.

 "Hi, Belinda, it's Mike," I answered. She had always insisted that I call her by her first name. She tried to be friends with all of Summer's friends. I am not sure why, but I suspected it was an attempt to hold onto her youth in some way. And to tell the truth she was an attractive older lady, she had been a real hippie during the sixties and seventies and still managed to hold onto a rather youthful appearance where she was now in her early forties. There have been a couple of fantasies which had Belinda walking in on Summer and I... then joining in. I never shared these with Summer, because I was not sure how she would react to me fantasizing about boning her and her mother.

 "Oh Hey Mike! I heard through the grapevine that we may get to see you actually play this year."

 "Yeah, the coach has said that I am definitely playing, just not sure where."

 "Very cool, very cool, do you think that you will play some Tight End like you did in High School."

 "I doubt it, I'm a sophomore and there are some guys on the team who are a little more experienced than me."

 "Sometimes youthful enthusiasm can overcome a lack of experience when it comes to getting what you want," she said cryptically.

 This caused me to grin about the events of earlier this afternoon, and laugh a little bit, "You may be right Belinda."

 "Well I guess I have monopolized enough of your time, you want to talk to Summer?"

 "Please." I heard Belinda put down the phone and call out for Summer.

 A couple of moments later, another phone picked up the line and I heard Summer yell in the background that she had the phone, followed shortly by the initial receiver being hung up.

 "So, did you pop her?" Summer asked immediately a bit of a laugh in her voice.

 "Are you ready for me to tell you?" I asked.

 There was a rustling of clothes on the other end of the line and some movement and Summer answered in a meek voice, "I am now."

 "She let herself in this morning through the back door. Because I never lock it after I let the dog out. And she found me napping on the big sectional couch downstairs. She pulled down my sweat pants and began playing with my cock. This of course woke me up, and I was hard as steel. When I woke up and caught her she was blushing terribly and told me that she had been thinking about my cock all last night, and had to come over and see it."
