 It was a typical dog day of summer, the temperature was hovering around 90, the humidity was 100%, and I had been wearing a helmet and shoulder pads for the past hour and a half. We had just finished some conditioning drills and coach had sent us to get some water.

As we were crowded around the water taps drinking our fill and cooling off Ben Schenck loudly said so that everybody could hear it, "Hey Mike, what the fuck are doing hanging out with a lesbo." Ben was a loudmouth asshole, a fellow sophomore, and he had decided for some reason at the beginning of the summer practice that he was in competition with me for something. For what or why I was completely unaware of, but he constantly tried to outdo me, when ever I said something he found a dumb reason to chime in, and most annoyingly he made a big deal about it when ever he was able to do something better than me.

I shot back at him, "what the hell are you blabbing about now?"

"My sister saw that girl you've been hanging out with, Summer, with a girl who is a known lesbian at Hollins." He chided with a smug look on his face. This was entirely likely since the girl Summer was sleeping with, who her and I had chatted about, went to Hollins, and Ben's sister went there too.

"So? I fail to see where you are going with this." At this point most of the team now was attentively listening to our exchange.

"So it means the chick you are trying to get in the pants of, is a carpet-muncher," he accused. "And you are never going to get anything off her."

I grinned a bit, considering what had happened Friday night, "Who says I am trying to get in her pants. Maybe I am just getting some tips on how to eat pussy from an expert." This caused a few people to chuckle.

Ben, not liking the fact that I had turned around his verbal jabs into a joke shot back, "Whatever, you're just bullshitting."

"I don't know, why don't you ask Stephanie if she thinks I've gotten better." This caused a sudden silence to spread across the group that was listening to us, as I realized that I may have stepped over an unmarked line. Stephanie was Ben's girlfriend, and Ben was notoriously jealous. If I had paid closer attention to the rumor mill I would have known that she was hooking up with a slimy twit named Roland on the side... and I would have avoided the subject like it was radioactive.

Ben was on me before I knew it, he threw a punch at my head which I barely blocked with my arm. I brought my other elbow up but the strike bounced off his shoulder pads. Ben quickly wrapped me up around my shoulder pads and head; so I grabbed the arm nearest to my neck, stepped back into Ben and rolled him fully over my shoulder. He hit the ground with an audible thump and the rest of the team was grabbing the two of us to keep us from each other.

Coach bellowed, "Schenck run the hill, Smith laps around the field, don't stop till I tell you... everybody else to the 50." And for the next 30 minutes Ben and I ran... not the most effective punishment, except that when Coach finally had us stop running, fighting was the last thing from my mind.

Coach marched us into his tiny office, sat down behind his desk and barked a single word command, "Talk!"

I had already decided that I would take the heat for this, and before Ben could interject I looked up and said, "Sorry Coach, it was my fault. Ben said something I didn't like and I responded with something really crass. He had every right to take a swing at me, it won't happen again."

Coach silently looked at us for a minute then said, "Schenck hit the showers, and close the door behind you." Ben obediently and hastily left the room. Coach stayed there behind his desk looking at me like he was trying to discern something. "OK, Listen up if you want to talk shit you save it for the other team, not your teammates! I don't need your smart mouth ruining morale, am I understood?"

I nodded, "Yes sir."

Coach continued, "I know Schenck is an asshole, hell his older brother was a royal pain in the ass... but you are going to let it go, and you are not going to antagonize him, am I understood?"

I nodded, "Yes sir."

"Good. And another thing, if I catch you pulling that Kung Fu bullshit again your ass and that bench are going to become best friends. Am I understood?"

I considered for a moment telling him that it was not Kung Fu, but Jujutsu... but I thought my "smart mouth" had gotten me into enough trouble for one day. "Yes, Sir."

"Good. Now hit the showers."

-=*=-

As I was leaving the gym and wandering out into the parking lot I was surprised to find Summer out there with her little Honda talking to my friends from the team, Stan and Marty. I usually got rides to and from practice from Stan. As I approached, Summer waved at me, Stan and Marty started heading over to Stan's car. Stan called over his shoulder to me, "See ya in the morning Smith, try not to pick any fights on the way home." He and Marty laughed at their lame jab as they got into Stan's Mazda.

Summer was smiling at me as I approached, "Stan said I could drive you home today, as long as you aren't too tired for practice tomorrow morning." I rolled my eyes. "Get in and tell me of your devious plans to get me introduced to your little neighborhood Lolita."

I laughed as I got into the car. Summer got in on the driver's side and said to me a little coolly, "I heard you got into a fight today defending my honor."

I was not sure what she had heard about it, but decided to play it off, "Nah... not really."

Summer hauled off and punched me in the arm and repeated emphasizing each word so that I might get the hint, "I heard you got into a fight today defending my honor."

Taking the cue I hammed a response, "Oh yes my dear lady's reputation was besmirched by a foul brigand so I smote him mightily upon the head." This caused Summer to erupt in peals of giggles. I sighed a little exasperated, "I thought you didn't like me fighting."

Summer calmed down, "I didn't, because you always kept getting beat up. Now you are bigger and stronger and may smite any foul brigand who speaks ill of me." She dissolved into laughter as she started the car. She was right though, when the two of us were living in the same neighborhood, I was much smaller, and tended to get the shit kicked out of me by bullies on a weekly basis. My parents decided for my continued safety that I should learn a little martial arts, and I took that for about a year just learning to defend myself. Coincidentally that same year I hit my pubescent growth spurt and sprouted a full foot in height, and gained over sixty pounds in muscle mass. Over a single year I went from the smallest kids in school to one of the biggest. One fight later, I broke a bully's collar bone "defending" myself, and rarely if ever had to use the self defense training again.

-=*=-

When Summer and I got to my house, I told her to park down the cul de sac instead of in front of the the house. Summer wanted to meet Andrea, and I didn't think Andrea would show if she thought I had guests, especially if I had female guests.

Summer was giddy with anticipation as we headed in. I told her to hang out in the house for a little while as I stripped my clothes off. I let the family dog, Prince, out in the back yard. He performed his ritualistic thirty seconds of barking at everything to show the world that he was boss. I uncovered the Jacuzzi and set about relaxing my muscles in its luxuriant bubbly warmth. At this point I was kind of sorry that I had left Summer inside, I could have really used a neck massage.

It did not take long before I heard Andrea's voice, but she wasn't calling out to me, "Hey Princey, is Mike home?" Prince didn't bark in response, I looked over at him and saw that he was lounging in his favorite spot of grass with his tail wagging vigorously. I never did discover how she did that, the dog barely listened to a word I said.

I heard Andrea open the gate to the back yard, then close it. I twisted myself around to see Andrea beaming at me. She was wearing a tiny little bikini top and a pair of cut off jeans, her dark hair was flowing from two pony tails and cascading over her shoulders. "Hi Mike," as she came closer I could tell through her tanned skin that she was blushing, "How you doing?"

"Hey Andrea, I'm good, maybe a little sore from practice, but good. How are you?" I answered.

"I'm good." She was acting coy for some reason, looking down as she talked and chewing on her lip.

"What's up? You look like you want to ask me something," I said trying to pry.

"Well... uhm, you remember what we did Saturday?"

I decided to be a bit mean and acted like I couldn't remember, "You mean watching TV."

She looked at me with an exasperated look, "Nooooo!"

"When we ate lunch?"

"No."

I was very quickly running out of innocent things that we did on Saturday, so I responded with a grin, "You are going to need to remind me Andrea."

She looked mortified as she whispered, "When we had sex silly."

I gave my best look of shocked discovery, "Oh Yeah! Now I remember."

She was sitting on the edge of Jacuzzi now and smacked me lightly in the head, "You better not have forgotten already."

I leaned over to her knee and kissed it lightly, "No my dear, I would never forget about that." I kissed her knee again. "But I may need occasional refreshers." I kissed her knee a third time, "to make sure my memory doesn't lapse." With one last kiss I brushed my tongue lightly on her hot skin.

"Yeah," she looked a little crestfallen and whispered, "I'm a little sore. I really want to feel you again... but it is going to have to wait."

I smiled up at her, "I understand." I moved to the other side of the Jacuzzi and splashed a little of the rolling water at her. "So are you going to sit there, or are you going to get in the water?"

In a flash Andrea was naked and in the water, a splash of froth and her tan hot skin was pressed up against my equally naked body kissing me with a desperate passion. My cock was quickly hardening as she rubbed her body against me, and her tongue aggressively attacked my own. I moved up a hand and began tweaking one of her nipples to hardness as she continued her attack.

I managed to break from Andrea's mouth and began working my way down her jaw line and to her neck which she immediately surrendered. I kept her body pressed against me as I lightly nibbled on the sensitive flesh of her neck, slowly working my way to to her collar and then her small breasts. Her hands tangled themselves in my hair as I captured one of her nipples in my mouth pulling me closer into her body.

As I sucked and used my tongue to play with her nipples, I had worked my hands under her butt and subtly turned us around so that her back was to the edge of the Jacuzzi. Then as she was enraptured by the sensations from her nipples I quickly lifted her little body up and set her butt down on the edge of the Jacuzzi.

Teasingly I began to work my way down her body with light little kiss, her fingers were still bound in my hair. Without words, but with definite force, she pleaded for me to go lower as she said only, "Oh God. Oh God. Oh God."

Everything was going according to plan. I was going to get Andrea really worked up out here, then I would bring her inside where Summer awaited and then threesome! At least this was the plan in my head and was partially what I had told Summer. Except as I was slowly working my way down to Andrea's treasures I heard a squeak of terror. Andrea pulled away from me like I was holding sand and sunk down into the Jacuzzi up to her neck. I looked back to see Summer standing there in one of my old bathrobes. This was not the plan.

Summer smiled as reassuring of a smile as she could muster and attempted to calm Andrea, "Oh no, dear, don't stop on my account. I didn't mean to interrupt you all. You just looked so lovely out here," she let that statement float there, "You must be Andrea, Mike has said such glowing things about you that I just had to meet you." She looked over at me and said, "She is even more beautiful than you described, Mike. She's an angel." Andrea's bronze cheeks couldn't hide the intensity of her blushing at the compliments and the awkward situation. "You are not going to mind if I join you are you? For just a little while."

I looked over at Andrea, and told her, "It's up to you."

Andrea just sat there and stared at Summer, her expression told me that she was completely disarmed by the uncomfortable circumstances and attractive older girl heaping praise on her as she shyly nodded and unsurely whispered, "OK".

Summer smiled and opened the bathrobe, letting it fall from her shoulders, revealing her gloriously naked body. Where Andrea was a picture of womanhood perhaps not yet fully realized, Summer was a masterpiece of feminine perfection. Her ample breasts hung from her with the firmness of youth, her nipples were mounted on silver dollar sized pale pink areola, and her abdomen tapered slightly amplifying the flare of her hips which framed the dark tangle of pubic hair that hid her most sacred of treasures. She gracefully glided into the churning water as both Andrea and I stared agape at her display.

When she had seated herself she looked at me expectantly, "Well... Mike. Are you just going to sit and stare or are you going to introduce me to this lovely young lady?"

This shook me from my catatonia, and I recalled for a second that the plan I had formulated was nothing similar to what was going on. It was much more sedate, slower, OK... thinking back on it, it was probably a shitty half-baked plan. But it was not the erotic grenade that Summer had just tossed at this girl. I should have known though that something like this might happen, Summer had a chaotic nature about her that no preparation no matter how cunning could survive upon contact. "Summer, this is Andrea. Andrea, this is Summer... she used to live a couple of streets down the way."

Summer put out her hand for Andrea to shake. Andrea slowly extended her own and said in a week voice full of fear and drained of confidence, "Are you trying to take Mike away from me?"

Summer took her hand in both of her own and smiled at her compassionately, "Oh God, no dear. I am not here to seduce him."

"You're not?" Andrea's voice seemed to gain a little more confidence.

"No, Mike and I are friends." She said softly, with an emphasis on the word 'friends' that made it seem less threatening. "I am sorry if I scared you dear," Summer let one hand go of Andrea's hand and moved to the center of the Jacuzzi gently pulling Andrea to the center with her inviting her into a hug. Andrea still acting uncharacteristically submissive moved to the center of the tub with Summer and hugged her. The sight of the two naked women holding each other in the middle of the tub caused my cock to throb in spite of Summer's intent of soothing Andrea's nerves. As Summer held Andrea to her ample bosom she kept softly whispering, "It's OK, I'm sorry." Then she leaned into Andrea's ear and said something that I could not make out.

Whatever it was, it caused Andrea to break the embrace and move back a bit, not in a way like she was trying to get away from Summer, because there wasn't much place to go in the small tub. Andrea said in a surprised question like one might expect from a girl finding a litter of kittens, "You're a Lesbian?"

Summer put a finger to her mouth and shh'ed Andrea, "no, not specifically, I don't think. I still like boys, but I like girls too."

"That's so cool," Andrea extolled, "What's it like?"

Summer looked a little surprised by the response. I was busy having fantasies of what I would do with two women at once... and possibly because of a lack of imagination couldn't come up with much of anything original. Summer thought for a moment, "Well, you have practiced kissing with girls at slumber parties and things like that right?"

Andrea's face darkened and she went silent as I realized Summer had accidentally crossed over into an unpleasant reality of Andrea's mostly friendless life. Andrea looked down and sullenly shook her head no, "I've never been to any slumber parties since me and my parents moved here."

Summer looked at me for help and I said simply, "You remember Dana and Amy?" 

Summer nodded, an icy cast hid her smile as she coolly stated, "Oh... them." Summer had had own run in with the toxic Hope sisters who lived down the street when she lived near here some years ago. They had really made Summer upset a few times on the bus home from school when she was just starting to sprout breasts. They teased her, called her fat, a cow, even referred to her early budding breasts as udders. This was probably because the less gifted sisters were terribly jealous of Summer's early endowment that they lacked. Summer finally had enough of it and one day slammed the younger of the sisters into a locker and kicked her a few times as she was on the ground crying. Summer got suspended for a week and made a point of waiting at the bus stop that the Hope sisters shared with me and the rest of the kids on the street. That was when Summer and I first met and really got to know each other.

Summer reached for Andrea and pulled her to her, "We will just have to fix that now won't we." She looked at me and made a twirling and pointing motion instructing me to turn around and look out at the forest behind the house. I resisted causing Summer's motions to become more animated, finally I relented and turned my back on the two girls.

I heard a slightly nervous sounding Andrea say, "Wh...what are you going to do?"

"Answer your question," and I heard after that the soft and supple sounds of lips against lips... I looked down at my cock which was still rock hard and receiving very little attention and recalled that this was nothing like what I had been planning. I decided to rub my cock slowly as I listened to the tantalizing sounds of the two girls behind me kissing, fondling, and who knows what else.

After a few minutes I heard Summer whisper, "It's like that, but all over." This was followed by a yelp from Andrea and a splash, "But most especially right there" Summer laughed. Andrea joined her laughter as Summer said, "OK, Mike, you can turn back around."

I slowly turned around to find Summer sporting a cat that ate the canary grin. Andrea was sitting, slumped down in the water, with a dreamy look on her face, still blushing brightly through her tan skin. As surveyed the scene Summer said mockingly, "Aww is little Mikey feeling a little lonely?" Standing in the water like I was, half of my hard cock was above the water line, being bobbed back and forth by the motion of the churning bubbles.

Andrea looked over at my cock and made a frustrated whining noise as I sat down, "What's the matter? We can have him stand back up and show it off for us again. Maybe he can get it to do some tricks." I somehow had been demoted to slab of meat with dick in the time that I was staring out at the woods listening to two of my lovers suck face.

Andrea laughed, "Its not that... it's frustrating that I am still sore. I soooo want Mike to put it in me again. It's like I have discovered this itch and now I want it scratched all the time."

Summer asked, "Oh did you lose the Big V recently," knowing full well what had happened over the weekend.

Andrea chewed on her lower lip and said shyly said, "Yeah..."

"How was it?" Summer pried.

Andrea was hesitant at first. She looked at Summer then at me in thought, then moved over to sit beside me and leaned into me. I put an arm around her as she decided to tell her story to her new found friend, "Oh God, I felt like I was floating. He was using his mouth on me... down there. Like I have given myself orgasms a few times before... but these were... Every time I was coming down from one he would start pushing me towards another. And then he started kissing me, and I could feel him at my entrance, and I was a scared just before he put it in, but then he pushed in and there was this moment of pain... but it was quickly replaced by such wonderful warm feelings. And I was there floating and I could feel him moving in me and." Andrea sighed and snuggled up against me, "But I was sore the next day and I still am."
