 Mrs. Harrington, my landlord, had flown in to SF from Newport Beach. She said she was dropping by as a courtesy since she was already in town. She wanted to collect this month's rent and last month's past due rent.

The fact that I was on my knees with my face buried between her thighs leads me to believe that she had preplanned the trip, this was no casual visit.

"Oh god that's good," exclaimed Mrs. H as I held her panties to the side and continued to lick and suck.

My husband never does this for me, "You make such a great... mother...fucker."

"Is this what you came all this way for, Mrs H?" I inquired as I shed my sweat pants and released my ever hardening cock.

"I told you call me Lexi. Mrs. H makes me feel old."

She then exclaimed "Oh yeah, thats what mommy likes. Just look at that cock. As long as you're late with the rent I'm going to continue to use you as my personal boy toy."

That statement defines the arrangement that has ruled my life for the last year. 

Lexi was anything but, hard to look at. She was the exact opposite. Lexi was the epitome of the bored California housewife or divorcee, a MILF, a cougar - looking to make up for lost time. And in Lexi's case that meant years of pent-up sexual frustration. Lexi fit the description of Trophy Wife to a tee but, she was also her own woman and went into the marriage with eyes wide open.

Mature with long tanned legs, blond hair and silicone tits, Lexi was last year's model. Her billionaire husband was fucking this year's model. The girl was a carbon copy of Lexi, just twenty years younger.

That suited Lexi just fine. She was smart enough to have not signed a prenup. In the state of California that meant her billionaire husband had plenty to lose if they ever got divorced. If her husband was going to cheat, Lexi was determined to show him two could play at this game.

Lexi adopted his ways and started building a stable of boy toys up and down the I-5. I was her first branch off onto the PCH. That's Pacific Coast Highway for those of you on the east coast. While her husband was out fucking 20 year olds, she was making sure her odometer was racking up the miles as well. 

As I continued to suck and lick, my hands explored the hole that was quickly becoming more than moist.

Lexi sat back in my desk chair and spread her legs wider. She arched her back, pushed my face deeper into her pussy. She then raised her right leg up and held it at the ankle, giving me more access.

I stopped licking, stood up and slipped my cock deep into her waiting hole. It was so wet, so tight. I kept pushing until my balls were resting on her asshole.

"Oh Fuuuuuck. That's deep," exclaimed Lexi, "Do it a gain. Pull it out and pump that cunt again."

I did as I was told and watched my cock sink back into her pussy over and over. 

"You're loving this aren't you, Andrew?" smiled Lexi.

"All day long, Lexi, I could do this all day long." I answered.

I was loving it as my cock head, engorged and purple, pushed aside her panties. My cock spread the lips of her pussy and plunged deep into that wetness.

Lexi was watching me as I fucked her. I was watching her too. Lexi was too sexy not to watch. I loved the faces she'd make as my cock would push into her. Lexi earned every letter of the acronym. Mother. I'd. Like to. Fuck.

Her right leg was fully extended upwards. Her left leg spread wide and our bodies fused at the groin. Her breasts were pushed forward pushed against the front zipper of the dress. The curves of the back of her legs fully exposed. I loved fucking her in this position. I believed I could pump her like this for hours if she let me.

She was dressed for business but, the black Louboutin heels set near vertical were just a little too high. She knew what she was doing by wearing heels that silently spoke to men, "I want to fuck." At least thats what they said to me. 

Over her thigh high nylons she also wore a strand of diamonds set in an anklet worth more than my entire years salary. There was logic about what it meant if you wore the anklet on your left or right leg. But for Lexi none of that mattered. 

Bold men, trying to decipher if it meant she was taken or open to advances, often asked about the anklet.

To these brave souls she'd just reply, "It means I need to be bent over and fucked."

Usually this would leave men flabbergasted and speechless because it was so direct. Many wanted to take her up on the possibilities but, few would find the courage to follow through. I didn't have that problem.

I loved the way the anklet would catch the light as her legs moved when I pounded Lexi. Lexi was oversexed but, she knew what she wanted. She had no problem asking for it.

She loved it when I was impatient and she dressed for easy access. Her mini skirts and dresses came down just past the top of her thigh high stockings. She loved the looks she'd get when she crossed her legs and exposed the lace top of said thigh highs. She liked it that way.

Today Lexi was wearing a sleek tight fitting, pinstripe, mini dress. Too formal for club wear, too sexy for the office. And I think that was the whole point of why she did wear it. It featured a silver zipper than ran the full height of the dress. Meaning I could zip it down and expose those beautiful 36DDD tits. Or I could zip it up for better access to her sweet pussy but, I couldn't do both at the same time. This was a dress meant to tease and confound.

She also liked to confound me with the panties. Today was no exception. Rather than wait for the seduction and tease, I had skipped our usual slow pace and just pulled them aside. My cock was on fire and the only way to quench it was to drive deep into the wetness of Lexi's pussy.

"I'm about to cum," Lexi screamed as I fed her hungry hole the full length of my cock. 

"It's so deep baby, it's so deep. Fuck me. Fuck...me."

Lexi was also a spinner. Five feet tall and 90 pounds soaking wet. Thats even with the enhanced tits. I picked up Lexi and stood up. Her legs wrapped around my waist as she impaled herself over and over on my long shaft — now slick with her juices.

"I'm cumming, oh God I'm cumming," Lexi continued to scream as I sat down on the bed and leaned back. 

Lexi continued to ride my shaft like a cowgirl at the rodeo. She was now in control of her own orgasm as she slid her pussy up and down on my cock. I knew what was coming after this round of orgasms. Lexi would punish me for being more than a month late with rent. She'd do so by limiting my own orgasm to those that would come from a handjob.

Don't get me wrong, Lexi was and experienced MILF and gave the best handjobs. 

Lexi would position her mouth under the point where my mushroom head would end and my shaft started. And she'd continue to lick that intersection while stroking my cock with lubed hands. She could edge me for hours but, most of the time she'd try and get me to come as soon as possible. She always managed to move out of the way as fountains of my cum would shoot forth. I always thought that was unfair.

Today, I would take my time and ride the magnificence of her 36DDD tits. Enhanced or not, they looked spectacular. Her husband had insisted on the size. He made sure only the best of plastic surgeons would touch his trophy wife.

Too bad he wasn't around to enjoy these beauties. Lexi had already determined that she'd get a reduction. Until then, she loved to see how they made men melt in her presence. I was no exception.

I could have continued to let Lexi ride me in the cowgirl position. I could have let her cum, and gone the usual route of jacking me off but, I needed more today. I wanted more today. I knew just how I was going to get it.

"What are you doing?" she exclaimed when I pulled out of her, "I was just about to cum. Again."

I pulled her down on top of me and whispered in her ear and told her just how today was going to end. I told her in no uncertain terms just how things would be.

"So that's how it's going to be? Let me get ready." said Lexi, while she was squeezing more lube out into her hands.

Instead of lubricating her fuck holes and preparing them for me, her hands wrapped around my cock in a vice grip.

"So this is no longer good enough for you?" whispered Lexi.

She had both hands working my shaft up and down and it was growing, getting harder. No this was not my plan, I am not going to cum like this. Fuck, it did feel good though.

"You want me to beg for your cock like some stupid 19 year old bimbo? You want me to be submissive and talk dirty? Is this what you want?"

Yes, thats exactly what I wanted. I wanted Lexi to know she was not in control in this sexual arrangement.

Now on her knees, Lexi continued to stroke my shaft as she looked at me. Her tirade continued.

"You need to see me aching for cock? You like what you see? You like me whimpering in front of you like some insatiable little slut? You like how my tits bounce in this dress while I jack you off?"

With every stroke of her hands her tits bounced. The zipper would strain against the enormous weight of her 36DDDs.

"Do your bimbo girlfriends beg for dick? Do they beg to be fucked? Do they beg to be covered in your cum?"

I couldn't wait any more. Between the dirty talk and the nonstop stroking I was going to explode! At this exact moment Lexi clamped down with both hands and didn't let go. It was painful as I had a full load in the chamber.

Lexi had the head of my cock pinched shut. My shaft twitched like a garden hose turned on full blast and left to flail and spew water everywhere. Only there was no release for me.

"I run the show here. My condo, my rent, my cunt. I'm only letting you get by with these extensions on past due rent because of the size of your cock. Don't mistake my generosity with weakness. You're only getting to taste and fuck this gorgeous body because I say you can."

An orgasm ruined and me put in my place. 

Then Lexi whispered in my ear, "Did that excite you? Did that make you want to fuck me more? I've had my fun. The ball is in your court. What are you going to do now? Whatever you do it's going to have to be in Newport Beach, I'm never flying up here again."

To me this meant the divorce was finally going through. They were selling the condo in San Francisco. I was going to have to find another place to live.

It would be almost six months before I saw Lexi again. 

In the interim, I did have wicked dreams about her that left me with amazing morning wood. I'd have to squeeze one out every morning just to keep from developing blue balls. I'd go out on dates with girls my age but, I longed for my MILF.

It took weeks of bar hopping before I'd next encounter her on one of her nightly prowls. A sexy little cougar preying on unsuspecting young cock. We "bumped" into each other and I won her over with my directness. 

No small talk, no pick-up lines, no "May I buy you a drink?"

Just supreme confidence. I walked up to her and asked, "Want to fuck?"

I was going to enjoy this grudge fuck.

She took me home and I restrained her before ravaging her body. I used her like I paid for her and she loved it. We had night of nonstop sexual stimulation but no orgasms — at least not for Lexi. Payback is a bitch.

In the morning she was waiting poolside. I woke and swam the length of the pool. With water beading off my body, I walked over to my MILF. She looked up with her mirrored aviator glasses and begged for more. She begged for release. She begged to be allowed to cum.

Lexi had done a 180. She went from domineering cougar to a simpering cum whore overnight. She had been given a taste of her own medicine. The previous night was spent being edged and denied the chance to fully experience a full orgasm. No clitoral orgasm or any of the other possible female orgasms. Had I whipped her into submission.

Lexi, had decided the only way to get what she wanted was to appease me. She was dressed in the most micro of metallic sling bikinis and had pulled the crotch up between her lips — forming the slickest of camel toes. She hated that word but, what else could I call it?

In doing so, she also called attention to her ass, split by that same sling bikini. A slim metallic butt-plug crowned her asshole.

Her long legs ended in silver fuck-me-pumps with an extreme six inch heel. Her lips were glossed with metallic magenta lipstick, ready to suck cock. Her fingers probed her luscious cunt. Her body is slick with oil meant for tanning but, this morning it would be offered as a playground for my cock.

My hot little MILF, tanning in the morning sun is ready to fuck.

Lexi, adjusting her butt plug asked, "Does that look good, baby? You like how my ass is hanging out like that? You like my nice big ass? Oh, I can't wait to get fucked. Fuck me baby."

I towered over Lexi as she lay on the pool chair. My shaft is standing at attention. Her lips opened wide, anticipating the cock they would suck.

"I want you to fuck me. I want dick. I want you to fuck my face. I want to suck that cock. I need you to fuck me."

Gone was the attitude, replaced by the desire to cum. Lexi's only desire was to cum and she'd do anything to get it. Even if it meant begging.

"Come on baby, don't make me wait. Give me that cock. Give me that fucking cock."

Lexi was moaning, her mouth was watering. She pulled the top of the sling bikini wide and they snapped back against her exposed tits. As I slipped my cock into her eager mouth, her lips closed down on the first few inches before opening to receive my full length. This is why I love MILFs, Lexi was a pro at sucking cock. With age comes experience.

"Are you ready to get fucked Lexi? To become my submissive little slut? Ready to have all your holes flooded with cum? I'm also going to cum all over that hot little MILF body of yours. Your face, your tits, your ass, your legs. Everything. No matter how long it takes."

Lexi arched her back as I fucked her face. My shaft slid in smoothly and pushed against the back of her throat. Every time I pulled it out she'd moan and beg for more cock. She had her hands between her legs and was diddling her clit. I went to assist her and slipped my first two fingers into the wetness. As the two fingers explored her inside, my thumb pushed on the outside and danced around her labia.

Lexi couldn't articulate it because her mouth was full of cock. Her spasming body gave away that she was orgasming. She pulled up her tanned legs and brought together her fuck-me-pumps. She was kicking as she was cumming. I slowed my thrusting so she could focus on the fullness of the pleasure that was wracking her body.

We locked eyes and I mouthed the words, "You're my slut."

Lexi felt me pull back and she braced for what she knew was coming. I was only halfway out of her mouth before my cock started shooting forth months' worth of pent up sexual desire. A man knows how to take care of himself in the absence of women. Yet, flooding Lexi's mouth with my cum was one of the most satisfying orgasms I have ever had.

As my DNA filled her mouth she closed it around my cock. I continued to thrust and that left me with the nastiest mental images. Cum spilled over the corners of her mouth and the bottom of her lips. It poured onto her exquisite tits and dripped off her nipples. Lexi cupped her 36DDDs and offered them up to me.

"Kiss your nasty little whore. All my holes are yours."

Silly Lexi, all your holes are already mine. But she looked too good, too sexy and against my better judgment I leaned down and kissed her. Our tongues explored each other's mouths like we had never done before. And I tasted my own cum off her lips for the first time.

My cock was now soft but, not spent. We would fuck again. I picked up Lexi and moved her into the poolside seating area under the shade of the pergola. She made a fuss about cleaning up until I pushed her back on the sofa and yanked up on her ankles.

Her long succulent legs were teased. I kissed the inside of her thighs and treated my submissive little MILF to a slow, orgasmic tongue lashing. It had been a while since someone had paid the right kind of oral attention to her pussy. She may have thought she was getting the better part of the deal but she was being short sighted.

"You're making my pussy feel so good. You're making it so wet. Oh, yes. More, baby. More. God...fuck it. Fuck it with your mouth. I'm so hot baby. I'm going to cum again if you keep this up."

I kept licking and sucking.

"I love that tongue inside me. Give me more. Go deeper please. Oh God. Oh God, Yes."

I stopped just as she was about to cum.

"Don't stop baby, don't stop. Now you're just being mean."

And then I got her all worked up again, starting from zero.

"Fuck baby, stop it. You're being so mean. Don't tease me baby."

I finally committed.

"Oh yes, do it. Tongue fuck me. That's good. Ooh. It's so good. Oh it feels so good. Don't stop. Oh. Oh. Oooooh god. I'm cumming. Come on don't stop. I'm cumming."

Lexi was exhausted. I dragged her off the couch and into the pool house. We entered her bathroom with Lexi still teetering on sky high fuck-me-pumps.

"Wait, what are you doing?" inquired Lexi.

"Step into the shower," I replied. "Don't take anything off, step inside just as you are."

"These are 1,800 dollar shoes" exclaimed Lexi.

"I know," I said "I'm going to ruin them, just like I'm going to ruin that pussy and that ass."

Lexi was riled up. But, her smirking an evil smile let me know she was going to do as I asked. She was enjoying being my little slut. She stepped into the shower, her back to the shower head. Her tits were still covered in cum. The sling bikini sticky but, barely there. She leaned forward and placed her palms against the glass and bent over.

I turned on the water and jolted her with the cold water. The bathroom slowly started to steam up as the water warmed. The droplets of water beaded against her oiled up skin as I stepped in behind her and removed the butt plug. My final destination.

I slowly rubbed my cock between the crack of her ass. Up and over her cheeks, then below so I was rubbing against the lips of her pussy.

It was steamy, it was wet and it made Lexi want to fuck. She started spreading her legs wider. She did it slowly, so as not to lose her balance on the six inch heels. The walls of the shower were thick glass but, the basin was unpolished quartz.

Rich people and their extravagances.

Lexi started to grind against the top of my cock every time I slipped it between her legs and under her pussy. It was slick and wet not only from the water but from the oil. She moaned as my cock disappeared between the lips of her pussy. My rhythmic strokes were long, deep and forceful. Her body was now pressed against the glass. Her tits compressed and expanded against the glass on each of my forward trusts.

Lexi turned her head to the side and said, "Take it Andrew. Take it. Fuck that cunt. Make it yours. Make me your little slut MILF. I am your little slut MILF."

I got down on my knees and pulled on her sling bikini. It slipped off easily as the water continued to bead against her oiled skin. I spread her ass cheeks with my hands and teased her asshole.

As I stood up I realized this had been a long time coming, and it was what I wanted. It was what Lexi wanted. She was no longer trustful of long term relationships. For now she just needed reliable access to someone who could fuck her properly.

I was late on my rent every month just so I could have her extract "interest penalties"— ever since she had offered that as an option. Now I wanted more than hand jobs in return for servicing her needs and I was going to get it.

"Go slow. Go slow baby," cooed Lexi, as I traced the crack of her ass with my cock and slipped into her asshole.
