 Reading a story on the Web somewhere recently about a bloke who had a lesbian friend with whom he used to have mutual masturbation sessions - and eventually anal (but never vaginal!) intercourse - prompted me to submit this story of the time I had a lesbian flatmate.

I was in my early 20s, and had finally got an apartment of my own - away from my previous flatmates who had the unfortunate habit of drinking their rent money instead of paying it to the landlord! This left me stuck with the entire rent, which for a 3-bedroom apartment nearly broke me.

My new apartment had two bedrooms, so I immediately advertised for a flatmate - male or female, I didn't particularly care, as long as they paid their share!

I took on the first applicant - mainly because she was a petite, very attractive brunette female. Her name was Margaret ("call me Meg") and she had a steady job as a nurse, so she would be able to pay her way with the rent. When I asked her if she had a steady boyfriend who might be spending nights with her, she said simply "No way!"

We seemed to hit it off from the start, and of course I started to fancy my chances with her. If I could get her to share my bed, then we could get a third person in and split the rent three ways.

It was on the first evening after she'd moved in, when we were sharing a bottle of wine, that Meg dropped the bombshell.

"I feel I should tell you - I'm a lesbian."

Well, I nearly choked on my wine, but recovered enough to stammer, "Hey - that's okay. But thanks for telling me - it will stop me from making a fool of myself trying to hit on you."

She smiled nervously and said, "Would you try to hit on me? If I weren't lez?"

"Sure!" I replied honestly. "You're a foxy little chick!"

"A 'foxy little chick', eh?" She shook her head, still smiling. "I never thought of myself as one."

"Well, you are," I assured her. "And if you don't mind me saying, you being a lesbian is a terrible waste!"

She laughed at that, and said, "I'm sorry if I raised your hopes, then. I'll move out if you want me to."

"No," I said, quickly. "Please stay."

"Okay," she said. "Thanks."

Well, we talked some more, finished the wine, and staggered off to our respective beds.

We did become quite good friends after that, and Meg looked after the apartment very well while I was away at sea. If she had a lesbian friend stay overnight, she never told me - and I didn't ask.

About six months down the track, I returned from a two-month deployment, and that evening we "celebrated" my return with take-away Chinese and a good bottle of Riesling. I'd had a few drinks already, so while I wasn't exactly pissed I wasn't feeling any pain.

"God!" I said eventually. "If I don't get some sex in the next day or so my sperm bank is going to overflow!"

"I know how you feel," Meg said. "I haven't had any for a month - and for a lesbian that's a drought!"

So naturally the conversation then flowed on to sex. I asked her how long she'd been a lesbian, and she said,

"Since I was about fifteen, I guess. I suppose you could say I was pushed into being one."

"How was that?" I asked, genuinely interested.

"I had this boyfriend - a real hunk. I guess it's the old story - he wanted to go all the way, and I didn't. Anyway, one night he got me drunk at a party and raped me."

"Nice type," I said, sarcastically.

"That wasn't the worst of it - he then had a few of his mates do the same."

"Did you report it?" I asked.

She shook her head. "It would have been their word against mine."

"Okay - so you didn't have a very nice introduction to sex. But why did you let that turn you off all men?"

She took another sip of wine, and said,

"It wasn't so much being turned off men as being turned on to women. I had this one good friend, Sally, and she was the only one I told about what had happened. She was very comforting, let me cry on her shoulder, that sort of thing. Then she kissed me - a friend's kiss at first, then a real kiss, tongue and all."

"And you didn't object?"

Meg shook her head. "No. I was a bit shocked at first, but then I found I liked it. Then one thing led to another, and before I knew it she was going down on me.'

"And obviously you liked that," I said.

"Uh-huh - I had my first ever orgasm, and from a girl's tongue! After that I was hooked. No worries about getting pregnant or catching something..."

"I can understand that," I said. "But then most girls say you can't beat the feeling of a good...er..."

I was about to say "cock", but Meg saved me.

"Penis?" She actually blushed a little then as she said, "Well, there are substitutes..."

"Ah - so that's what the buzzing noise is that I hear coming from your room!" I said.

"You don't!" she said, really blushing now. "You can't - I mean..." Then she noticed the grin on my face. "Oh, good one - you got me, didn't you!"

I had, but she took it good-naturedly. We'd finished two bottles of wine and I was opening the third when Meg said softly,

"You know, I haven't seen a...penis...for over ten years - and only once in my life at that. I know it sounds silly, but would you...show me...yours?"

I must have been more pissed than I realised, because I grinned like a schoolboy and replied,

"I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours!"

Meg blushed again and said,

"Deal - but you first."

So I got unsteadily to my feet, dropped my trousers and briefs around my ankles, and stepped out of them.

"Come on," she said, beckoning me. "Closer!"

So I stood right in front of her, hands on hips, my flaccid cock showing absolutely no interest - for the moment...

"Can I...touch?" Meg asked.

I shrugged and said, "Sure."

She reached out tentatively with one hand and took hold of my cock in her slender fingers - with an immediate effect! As it gave an involuntary twitch and began to harden she asked,

"Am I doing that?"

"Well, you're the only one touching it!" I replied.

She began to move her fingers back and forth, squeezing gently, and in no time at all she was faced with my full erection.

"Wow!" she said as she continued to stroke me, her eyes fixed on my boner. "Are they all this big?"

I was flattered, and tempted to lie, but I answered,

"I'm only about average. I guess it might be bigger than some, but then there must be lots of guys bigger than me."

"Well, it's sure bigger than the ones that took my cherry. But then, they were only schoolboys..."

I was really enjoying the slow hand-job she was giving men, and the proof came when a little pre-cum oozed from the slit. Meg's eyes went wide when she saw it, and she asked,

"Did I do that, too?"

"Uh-huh," I answered, my voice barely a croak.

"Is that...I mean...have you...?" she stammered.

"No, it's not - and no, I haven't. But it means I'm not far off!" I replied.

Meg looked up at me with those big, brown eyes of hers and asked,

"Do you like it? Do you want me to keep going?"

"Yes and yes!" I answered.

"Is this what you guys do to yourselves? What you call jerking off?"

"When needs must," I said. "It's usually a last resort."

"Like us girls diddling our clits, I suppose..."

But not as messy, I thought.

"Are you going to...you know...shoot?" she asked, sounding a bit nervous.

"If you keep it up I will," I answered truthfully. "You don't have to, though..."

"But you said you wanted me to keep going," she said.

"I know, I did, but - "

"Then I will. Just give me a bit of warning!"

I assured I would, and she leaned closer as she began moving her hand faster up and down my shaft, watching the bloated crown swell even more as I got near to shooting my load. The pre-cum was flowing freely from my slit now, and Meg used it like a lubricant.

"Uh...almost...now!" I gasped.

I should have warned Meg not to get so close, as the first spurt landed on her cheek. She gave a startled gasp of "Oh!" and drew back quickly, but her hand kept moving.

After a couple of spurts my ejaculation became more of a dribble, running over my knob and down across her stroking hand. Instinctively, I guess, she squeezed the shaft harder to draw the last few drops from me, then I was finished.

As she watched my organ slowly wilt, she asked,

"Was that good? Did I do okay?"

"It was very good, thank you," I said sincerely. "You did just fine."

Her brow furrowed as she looked at the jism on her hand, then she tentatively poked out her tongue and licked a bit off.

"Mmm," she said, her brow still creased. "A bit salty - and a different taste from a girl."

Not as fishy! I almost said.

As she wiped her hand with a tissue I pulled up my briefs and trousers, and as I buckled my belt I said,

"Okay - your turn now."

She blushed again and said, "Yeah - a deal's a deal, I guess."

So she stood up, wiggled out of her jeans, then slid her bikini panties down. Standing there in just her T-shirt, she said,

"There's not much to see, is there?"

In that pose she was right - all I could see was her little triangle of brown curls.

"Well," I suggested, "sit down and spread your legs."

She sat, but kept her knees together coyly.

"Come on," I urged. "You said yourself - a deal's a deal."

She was obviously starting to feel a bit embarrassed, despite the wine and her earlier bravado, as she put both hands over her eyes as she parted her knees slightly.

"That's it - but a bit wider," I said.

I helped by putting my hands on her knees, moving them far enough apart for her the silky curls to part and reveal her pussy. "Part your lips," I told her. "Or do you want me to?"

She took her hands from her eyes - although she kept her eyes closed - and used her fingers to part the labia and reveal her pussy in all its glory. I would have loved to have sunk my face into it, but I was sure that would have ended things then and there!

"It's beautiful," I said, and meaning it.

She opened her eyes then, and asked,

"Do you really think so? I mean, I've never had a man's opinion..."

"Well, it looks beautiful to me. And you look very wet."

She really blushed then, and admitted,

"I thought I must be. I got a bit turned on...you know...doing that to you."

"Well, I let you touch mine - can I touch yours?" We sounded like a couple of schoolkids!

"I guess so - but only with your fingers!"

Facing her like that it was a bit difficult, but by resting my hand on her lower abdomen I was able to rub her clit with my thumb. She moaned softly, closed her eyes again, and wriggled forward more on the chair.

"Nice?" I asked.

"Mmm...yes," she replied. "Someone else's fingers always feel better than your own."

I couldn't disagree with that. Then, getting bolder, I tried to slip the index finger of my other hand into her vagina. Immediately she brought her legs together, and said firmly,

"No!" Then, more softly, "Please don't - not now."

So I withdrew the offending finger, but at least her "not now" gave me hope for later...

I continued rubbing her clit with my thumb, feeling it grow harder and larger, and Meg let her head fall back, eyes closed, breathing quickly through parted lips.

Almost as quickly as I had done she reached a climax, thrusting her loins forward against my hand, tossing her head from side to side and squeezing her breasts through the thin material of her T-shirt.

When her spasms subsided, I withdrew my thumb and sniffed it unobtrusively as I sat back.

Meg took a few deep breaths, eventually opened her eyes, sat upright in the chair and smiled at me.

"Phew!' she gasped. "I really needed that!"

"Same as I did," I replied smiling back at her. Then I asked, "How about showing me the rest?"

"The rest?" she repeated, seeming a bit puzzled. "Oh - you mean my boobs?"

"Uh-huh," I replied.

With a shrug and a smile she said, "Okay," and drew her T-shirt over her head.

Her breasts were as nice as I'd imagined them to be - not large, but in proportion to the rest of her, perfectly shaped with rosy pink nipples.

I nodded appreciatively and said,

"Very nice...very nice."

Meg looked down at her breasts, cupped them and said,

"I always thought they were a bit small."

"No," I said. "Just right. Besides, anything more than a mouthful's a waste!"

She stood up then, did a sexy little pirouette, and asked seriously,

"Do you really think I have a nice body, then?"

I was almost drooling as I replied,

"A very nice body. As I said, it's a terrible shame."

"Sorry," she said, sincerely, as she began to get dressed again. "But I am what I am. But that was okay - what we did, wasn't it?"

"It was fine," I replied, "as far as it went. I still need a screw something awful, though!"

She laughed and said,

"I guess we both need a woman badly!"

I couldn't argue with that, either...

After that we seemed to have a mutual feeling for when we both needed to repeat that evening's "adventure". Eventually I managed to prevail on Meg to take me in her mouth, with she did - reluctantly and hesitantly at first, but she was a quick learner. And I never came in her mouth!

And she let me return the favour, burying my face in her sweet-smelling and even sweeter-tasting pussy to eat her out.

Then, one night, Meg "got lucky". She arrived home with another girl in tow, whom she introduced as Sally, then both of them disappeared into Meg's room. I resisted the temptation to go and listen at the door, and stayed on the couch watching TV. I guess I dozed off, because I woke to a most exquisite feeling - my cock being sucked by someone with a lot more expertise than Meg!

I looked down, and saw that it was Sally. Apparently she wasn't totally lesbian - but bi.

She didn't say a word, but when she had sucked me to full erection she produced a condom, slipped it expertly onto my raging hard-on, then "climbed aboard" as I sat on the couch. I was still too stunned to really do anything more than just sit there and enjoy - and enjoy I did, for the few minutes it took for me to reach my orgasm and fill the condom.

Sally climbed off me, smiled - still without saying a word - and deftly removed the condom. Something made me look over my shoulder - and there, stark naked in the doorway, was a smiling Meg. She must have seen the look of gratitude on my face, as she said simply,

"What are friends for?"

Well, that was the start of a really great three-way relationship. When the three of us were together, the two girls would have their session, then I would get to fuck Sally - or be sucked off by both of them. Whenever Meg was on night shift, Sally and I would fuck like rabbits. Then, when I went off to sea again, the girls would keep each other happy.

All good things must come to an end, however, and the first blow was when Meg applied for a highly-paid job in a private hospital in another state - and got it. Soon after, Sally found herself another girlfriend, and that was it.

But it was great while it lasted!