 Lexi had heard rumors about the new history teacher, but she had no idea the rumors were based on any truth. But they were. She discovered that much when she walked into U.S. History on the first day of her senior year of high school. This teacher was hot. No, this teacher was beyond hot: he was on fire. 

He was tall—at least 6 feet. He wore crisp, white shirts that were incredibly well-fit; they emphasized his broad shoulders and narrow waist without clinging in a tacky way. His wire-rimmed glasses framed his large, dark-chocolate eyes. His hair was thick and chestnut-brown with a small sprinkling of gray at his temples. His voice was low and commanding. Maybe he was late-30s. No one knew. He was a pretty private guy. When he spoke, people listened. Women melted.

"Good morning class, how are you?"

The class gave a scattered answer. Some were bored, some were impressed.

"My name is Mr. Thompson. I'm obviously new here. I just moved from Massachusetts. I have a Master's Degree in American History. Um, what else? Any questions?"

No one raised their hands. People were intimidated. People were intrigued.

"Alright, well, I'll just pass out the syllabus today, go over a few key points, and then you guys are free to go..."

***

The next few weeks were difficult. Lexi had volleyball practice every day after school in addition to Art club meetings on Mondays and Wednesdays. She was busy and tired and her grades were taking a hit.

"Lexi, can you stay after for a bit?" asked Mr. Thompson after a particularly rough morning when she could barely keep her eyes open.

"Yeah. Of course," she said, attempting to hide her nerves.

"Take a seat," he said, gesturing to a sturdy oak chair across from his desk. 

Lexi sat down in the chair and crossed her legs, making an effort to be modest. She had a penchant for wearing short skirts to school like any other 18 year old girl. Most of the time, she didn't worry about being demure, but when she was being forced to stay after class because of her slacker-behavior, she couldn't help but be insecure.

"Is there anything you want to talk about? Anything going on?" Mr. Thompson asked softly, his deep-brown eyes boring into hers.

"I'm so sorry for falling asleep in class. I'm just so busy lately, I barely have time to sleep. I meant no disrespect to you—"

"Lexi," Mr. Thompson laughed. "There's no need to apologize. Do you think this is the first time a student has fallen asleep in my class? I've just noticed you seem stressed-out and I wanted to know if there was any way I could help."

Lexi couldn't help but smile. Mr. Thompson wasn't just gorgeous; he was kind-hearted. He cared about his students. He cared about her. 

"I'll let you know, alright? But, I can't be late for volleyball practice, so I have to run..."

"Go on, get out of here," he said, smiling at her.

***

After Lexi got dressed in the locker room, she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the mirror when she was leaving to practice. She stopped and took a hard look at herself. 

Her hair was long and thick, almost to the middle of her back. She liked the length, but she hated the color. She thought it was mousy and boring; mid-way between blonde and brown. Her mother had taught her to be well-groomed; she took meticulous care of her skin and eyebrows, and she often got compliments on her flawless complexion. She was fit, but curvy in the right places. Her breasts were a 36C and her butt was round and pert. Nevertheless, she often felt insecure, like most high school girls.

"Lexi! Hurry! We're going to be late!" said one of her teammates, rushing out of the locker room to get to practice on time. Lexi ran after her.

***

"Lexi, on the bench this practice," said her coach, Miss Thatcher.

"What? Why? What did I do?" asked Lexi, panicked. This couldn't be good news.

"You're failing your U.S. History class. You know the policy. Get the grade up, or stay on the bench."

Lexi groaned. She was going to have to pay a visit to Mr. Thompson.

***

"Hey, Mr. Thompson."

"Hey, Lexi. What's going on?"

Mr. Thompson was sitting at his desk, grading papers. He looked a bit tired, but extremely sexy nonetheless. His jawline had some end-of-the-day scruff that added to his manly charm. Lexi felt her heart-rate speed up.

"So, you asked me to come in if I needed any help, so here I am, coming and asking."

"That's great. What's the issue?"

"Well, as you know, my grade isn't great in this class."

Mr. Thompson's expression was serious.

"I'm aware."

"Well, is there any way I could get help with the subject? I know you're busy and you have no obligation to me, but I can't play on the volleyball team unless—"

"I would love to."

"What?" Lexi asked. She didn't think it would be that easy.

"I would love to. When does volley-ball practice end?"

"Well, I'm benched right now, so my grades take priority. I can meet you right after school."

"Alright. My room, 3:30. Starting tomorrow."

"Thank you so much, Mr. Thompson. You have no idea how much you're helping me."

"That's what I'm here for," he said, his kind eyes boring into hers once more. Her knees went weak. 

Before Lexi met Mr. Thompson the next day, she brushed her hair and reapplied mascara in the bathroom mirror. She didn't know why she was so nervous. He was just a teacher. 

She arrived in his room promptly at 3:30. He was reading the newspaper and drinking coffee. 

"Lexi! Right on time. Do you want some coffee?"

"Actually, that would be great. I'm exhausted."

Mr. Thompson looked at her. 

"You don't look exhausted. You look great." 

Lexi blushed and looked down. 

"Alright, so where do you want to start? The Civil War? The Industrial Revolution," he asked while pouring her a cup.

"Um, how about the Revolutionary War?" Lexi asked. She was behind. Really behind.

"From the beginning, huh? Alright, let's get to it."

They met every day after class for the next two weeks. She learned so much about him. He was 37. He had divorced his wife in Massachusetts, so he moved to get away from all the bad memories and the chaos. He wanted to start over. He had no kids. He loved Lord of the Rings. And her favorite, he became elated whenever she knew the answer to a history question. She would look forward every day to sitting with him after school and going over history together. It was what she thought about when she woke up in the morning and when she went to bed at night. Her grades quickly improved and before long, she was no longer benched at practice.

"It looks like you don't need me anymore," said Mr. Thompson, looking over his grade book.

"Yeah, I guess not. My grade is pretty good in this class now."

"I knew you had it in you," Mr. Thompson said in a way that wasn't simply teacher-student. But, to be honest, they had moved past that. 

"Well, I knew you could teach me," she said back, softly.

They stared at each other for a long time. 

"I guess I should get going," Lexi said, awkwardly. She started to walk out the door. She felt a strong hand grab her arm and pull her away. She turned and looked.

Mr. Thompson was staring at her with a serious expression. 

"Don't go."

Lexi felt a familiar warmth spread inside her legs. Her heart started pounding a mile a minute. His face was close to hers. She could see the stubble that she loved so much on his chin. His chest was heaving up and down. 

He wanted her too.

Lexi reached a hand to his jaw and brushed it softly. The roughness of his skin made her release an involuntary sigh. Mr. Thompson grabbed her hand and pulled her even closer toward her. And then he kissed her. He kissed her hard. Her legs were trembling and he must have realized because he picked her up and took her to his desk. Their tongues were entangled with each other's. She was moaning into him, loving the taste of his mouth, his tongue. The feel of his stubble on her soft skin. She felt intoxicated. 

His hands roughly grabbed her breasts and she let out an audible moan. He pulled away and looked into her eyes. 

"Take off your shirt," he said. She did as she was told.

When her breasts were exposed, he looked at them for what felt like an eternity. 

"I've wanted to do this for such a long time..." he said.

Then, he lowered his mouth to one and began to suckle. Lexi felt her pussy flood with juices. He moved to the other nipple and sucked and flicked until she was moaning and writhing on his desk.

"You like that?" he asked, looking up from her tit.

She nodded in response. He continued to suck on one of her tits while he rolled the other nipple between his fingers. Lexi's eyes were rolling back into her head at the stimulation.

His strong hands went to her panties, and roughly took them off. He took her legs and spread them, looking directly into her young pussy. 

"You are so wet, Lexi."

And then, he ate her. He licked her. He made circles around her clit with his tongue. He took his ring finger and his pointer finger, and he opened up her labia and licked from the bottom of her slit to the top of her slit. He used his pointer finger to gently wiggle her clit around.

"Oh my goddddd," said Lexi, on the verge of exploding. 

"That's my girl. That's my girl," he said, breathing heavily onto her pussy. 

Her juices flooded his tongue and he lapped it up like a man starved. 

He took two of his fingers and shoved them inside of her, quickly back and forth, stimulating her g-spot. 

"Does that feel good?" he asked darkly.

"Oh, Mr. Thompson. I can't—I can't--"

"Yes you can. Take it".

Then, he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her off the desk, roughly, but gently enough to make her feel like it was what she wanted.

He shoved her on her knees and unbuttoned his pants. His cock was incredibly thick and long, probably nine inches. Lexi panted at the sight of it, her mouth watering. She opened her mouth and took his cock inside her. She heard Mr. Thompson let out a groan and it simply urged her on. She sucked and sucked on his tool, pretending her mouth was a pussy milking his cock. She swirled her tongue around the head and then paid attention to his balls. Before long, Mr. Thompson wanted more. 

"I need to get inside of you," he said, his voice groggy with lust. 

Lexi got on the table and spread her legs wide, in invitation.

He got in front of her, grabbed her legs by the ankles, and spread her legs even wider. When they were as far as they could go, he took his cock and started to feed it into her vagina.

"Jesus, Lexi, you are so tight," he said in a strained voice. Lexi whimpered in response.

"Come on, baby, open up for me," he said to her. He sounded as if he were in pain.

Lexi felt her pussy stretch to accommodate him. It was incredible. She moaned and squirmed and panted and she felt her pussy relax. He fed another inch in.

"Almost there, baby. Just take a little more," he said, panting and staring at his cock while he fed it into her pussy. Her pink, shiny lips were spread over his engorged, pulsating cock. He groaned and threw his head back. He felt her pussy release some more juice onto his tool. He thickened a little more. 

He took his finger and wiggled her clit again. As if by magic, Lexi's pussy stretched a little bit more. Finally, Mr. Thompson's cock was all the way in her. Lexi screamed. Mr. Thompson groaned. Then he began to pump. The sound of her pussy juices squishing around his cock while he fucked her filled the room. 

He fucked her hard. He turned her onto her stomach and grabbed her hair for leverage, while his cock railed her pussy. 

"Take it, sweetheart. Take it. Take my cock," he said while roughly thrusting into her. He grabbed her ass-cheeks and spread them apart so she could feel his cock more acutely and so he could see her rosette of an asshole. 

Lexi juiced on his cock some more. Her nipples stiffened ever more. 

"Good girl. That's a good girl," Mr. Thompson said. "Come for me. Come on my cock."

So Lexi did. She screamed and gushed all over him. In the middle of cumming, he increased the speed of his thrusts. He switched positions so he was sitting on the desk and she was straddled on top of him. He forced her to bounce up and down on his cock, her tits jiggling with every thrust.

"Give it to me, Lexi. Give it to me," he said roughly, his hand on her ass cheeks.

Lexi ground his cock into her pussy as far as it would go. She felt it hit her g-spot and she shuddered.

"Did we hit the spot, baby?" he asked, feel her pussy tighten again. "Alright, let's see what we can do."

He fucked her as hard as he could, as deep as he could. His cock pounded into her like a jack hammer, making her come over and over again. His balls slapped her asshole. He sucked her nipples while he pounded her, which he realized made her pussy gush every time. He grabbed her ankles and shoved them above her head so he could pound her folded body. His muscles rippled and flexed with every thrust. Lexi looked at him in awe. He was the hottest thing she had ever seen.

"Are you almost ready?" he asked.

She responded by grabbing his head and kissing him deep and hard. While she did that, she reached down and fondled his balls. 

It sent him over the edge. Mr. Thompson let out a loud groan that bordered on a scream, pulled out, and came all over her teenage tits.

They both fell to the floor, panting and exhausted at the hard fuck they had just both experienced. It was completely unexpected and totally fulfilling.

"You know, I could always use more help on politics during The Great Depression," Lexi said, smiling.

Mr. Thompson turned to her, his eyes glittering.

"Can you be here after school at 3:30?"