 From the time Ella Harvey was a little girl she had wanted to be a librarian. There were two great loves in Ella's life: books and organization. Everyone knows why books are so great, there's nothing quite like getting lost in a good book, but few people enjoy organization as much as Ella did. When everything was neat and organized Ella just felt better. Cleaning all her shoes and lining then up against the wall gave her a sense of peace. Doing laundry and folding everything just so put made Ella feel like all was right with the world. .

So it was the Librarian's life for her. Not everyone can realize their life's dream by the age of 25. Ella had a plan and she stuck to it. And here she was with a job as the head Librarian of her local community college. Actually she was the only librarian but that didn't sound so impressive. She liked being in charge of the library. After working there for almost a year everything was finally organized the way she wanted it and that made Ella happy.

This morning, like every morning, Ella got up at 6am to begin her routine. She ate breakfast, brushed her teeth and showered. She put lotion on her skin and combed her hair. She had curly red hair and it was the bane of her existence. Curly hair never did exactly what you wanted it to. While she waited for her hair to dry Ella picked out her outfit for the day. Today she chose a black pencil skirt, a blue flowered blouse and black heels.

As Ella was pulling her black tights out of the drawer the material snagged on a splinter of wood and tore a long run down the leg. Ella growled in frustration. She didn't have any other tights that would match and time was running out to re-choose her whole outfit. That would put her completely off schedule. "Unless..." Ella fished in the very back of the drawer and pulled out an unopened cardboard package.

Her college roommate had given her the stockings as a bit of a gag gift, saying that Ella should lighten up a little. They were sheer black thigh-highs with a back-seam. Ella had put them in the back of her drawer—too sexy. But they matched her outfit. She opened them up and pulled them on one at a time and readjusted her skirt.

She slipped on her heels and looked in the mirror. Not as bad as she thought; they really just looked like normal tights to anyone who didn't know. Ella finished getting ready, putting on a little makeup and rolling her hair into a tight bun and securing it with pins. She put on her coat, grabbed her purse and headed off to school.

Sitting in her little car, driving to the college, Ella realized that her skirt had ridden up and she could see the lace bands at the top of her stockings. It made her feel a little sexy, a little excited. Waiting at a red light Ella ran her fingertips over the smooth stockings, stroking her thigh. She could feel herself getting aroused. So inappropriate, she chided herself. This was not the time or the place.

AS she walked down the hallway to the library Ella had a little extra swing in her step. Was it just her imagination or was that young man staring at her a little? She hid a smile as she sauntered into the library. 

Ella forgot about her undergarments as she lost herself in her work that day. She re-shelved books and did a lot of paperwork. By five o'clock Ella's feet were aching from walking around in heels all day. She took them off and lined them up in a corner, preferring to finish her work in stocking feet. The floor of her office was immaculately clean anyway.

Ella usually finished the day by dusting all the surfaces in her little office. It calmed her down and offered a nice sense of closure at the end of the day. She was standing on a stepladder and dusting the top of a bookshelf when the door to her office suddenly burst open, startling her.

When Ella turned around there was a student standing in her open office door, staring at her, his mouth agape. He looked to be in his early twenties and he was everything that Ella was not; he was wearing torn black jeans, a hoody that badly needed a wash and battered black boots. His long hair was tangled and Ella found herself just itching to take a comb to it. 

"Can I help you?" she asked, stepping down from her stool with all the decorum one can have when standing on a stepstool in stocking feet. 

"Uh, they sent me here for detention." The boy said with a lazy sort of grin. Was he mocking her? Ella wondered.

"Detention?" Ella smoothed her hands down her skirt, trying to stand up straight. She felt very little without her heels; the boy was tall.

"Yeah. Library duty?" the boy answered, waving the slip of paper in his hand. "They said I could start tonight."

This was going to throw off her whole routine. "Nobody told me," she mused. Even though Ella was about to go home the library was still open for another three hours. A work study student manned the desk in the evening. It would hardly do to have this young man's detention supervised by another student.

Ella sighed. She hated when her routine got changed at the last minute. She walked over to the corner and put her shoes back on, feeling a little more in control. The young man lounged in the doorway, watching her. "OK," she said. "I guess we'll have you clean something."

Ella led the way up to the stacks, stopping on the way for some supplies from the cleaning closet. Of course the library was cleaned regularly by the janitorial crew but they hardly performed up to Ella's high standards. 

She got them set up in the farthest corner of the room and instructed the young man how she wanted him to take the books down, scrub the shelf underneath them and the put them back in the correct order. Simple right? Ella knew that she should leave him then and go back to her office but she wanted to make sure he was going to do it correctly. Big mistake.

The boy nodded at her instructions and started taking books off the shelf at waist height and piling them on the floor. Ella bit her lip; she should really just leave it but..."Wait! Stop!" the boy looked at her surprised by the outburst. "You have to start at the top. So you don't push dirt down onto what you've already cleaned. Do you see?" Ella felt flushed for some reason. The boy was staring at her but she couldn't figure out what he was thinking.

Finally he nodded. "Yeah OK, I get that." Ella smiled in relief. But was he humoring her? Whatever, he was getting on a stepladder to do the top shelf. He pulled two handfuls of books off and turned to descend the ladder.

"Here, give them to me," Ella said, reaching up for the books. He handed them down and the two of them fell into a rhythm. Ella donned a pair of rubber gloves and helped clean as well, working on the shelf next to the young man. She was in the zone: cleaning, making something better and more organized. Ella felt the stress of having her routine changed slowly rolling off her shoulders. 

At some point she kicked her heels off again to climb the stepladder. Ella was on her tip-toes scrubbing the top shelf of a bookcase when she became aware that the boy was no longer working. She looked over and saw that he was staring up at her, mouth slightly open, eyes half closed in what? Stupidity, exhaustion...lust? Elle's face reddened as she realized that in this position her short skirt rode up and the young man could certainly see the lace tops of her thigh-high stockings.

She cleared her throat and self-consciously tugged down the hem of her skirt and looked up at the shelf she had been cleaning. Well she couldn't just leave it half done. And asking the boy to finish it would be admitting that she knew that he had been looking at her. With a small, secret smile Elle decided to let him look. It was a little bit flattering actually.

She stretched up onto her toes again, reaching all the way into the corner of the shelf to get at all the dust. Out of the corner of her eye Elle could see the student pretending to dust while sneaking glances at her legs. She turned her head to hide her grin. She could get used to commanding this kind of attention.

"Josh," she said, innocently. Could you hand me up those books. He scrambled to his feet and started handing her the books. She stretched and reached them all into their correct places one by one, knowing the whole time that he was watching her, his face on a level with her firm ass as the fabric of her skirt stretched over it each time she moved. She felt an excited heat building between her legs, completely unexpected.

When she was finished Ella descended the ladder, her legs a little shaky. Now that she paused in her work she realized how tired and hungry she was. Ella looked down at her watch. "Oh my goodness!" she exclaimed. Josh, it's almost 8:30. Did you realize? I was having so much fun..." she trailed off as the boy started to laugh. "What?"

"Yeah, this is a riot" he laughed harder. "Someone needs to teach you something about fun, Lady, because this isn't it," he said, gesturing at the cleaning supplies and books around them.

Ella felt a little offended. So what if she liked to clean? Nobody understood. While the boy gathered their cleaning supplies, Ella went searching for her shoes. She was surprised to see how far down the stacks they had travelled when she found her heels under a table. She crawled under the table to retrieve them and didn't realize the position she was in until he heard a sigh behind her.

Ella crawled out from under the desk with her shoes, unintentionally wiggling her ass in the air as she squeezed herself out. She stood up, smoothed back her hair and put her shoes on, ignoring the boy. When she looked up he had composed himself but he had a small smirk playing about his full lips. 

"Shall we?" she led the way back downstairs. They put the supplies away and Elle retrieved her purse from her office. She signed a form for the student saying that he had completed three and a half hours of the required six for his detention. "So," she said, casually, meeting his eyes, "Will you be back tomorrow to finish this up?" 

Ella's breath caught suddenly. He had beautiful eyes; how had she not noticed that? They were large and bright blue, framed by thick, dark lashes. He blinked slowly, making it hard for Ella to concentrate on what she'd been thinking.

"Yeah, I'll be back," he answered. "If you'll have me that is," he said with a wicked grin. 

Ella's own lips couldn't help twitching in response. "That would be fine." 

She locked the library doors and they walked out together. "Well, I'm this way," Ella said, gesturing towards her car. "See you tomorrow?"

"Yeah," he smiled at her. "See you." Why did his smile make her melt inside like that? Ella shook it off as she walked to her car. He's a student for goodness' sake. She shook her head at herself as she turned her key in the ignition. And heard a dull wheeze as the engine tried and failed to turn over. 

"Oh please no." Ella was so tired. "Not tonight." She tried the key again with no luck. She pushed her head back against the headrest, suddenly feeling close to tears. Ella jumped in her seat when she heard a rap on her window. Josh was leaning down, looking in at her. She opened the door to talk to him.

"Engine trouble?" he asked, unnecessarily. 

"Looks that way." Ella pulled her phone out of her purse. "I'm going to call a cab; you don't need to wait with me." 

Josh crouched down in front of her and put one of his big hands on top of hers, stopping her. She looked at his face, questioningly. "Bullshit," he said. "I'll drive you."

"Oh, no!" Ella replied. "I couldn't accept. I'll just call a cab, really."

The young man just raised his eyebrows at her and pulled her up to her feet and started leading her over to the only other car in the empty parking lot: a little, dark colored sedan. Josh's hand in hers felt good. His palm was warm, dry and a little bit rough. Ella's heels clicked across the asphalt and she thought briefly about what her co-workers would think if they saw her, but the school really was completely deserted at this time of night.

When Ella opened the passenger door of Josh's car she stopped in her tracks. The seat, the floor even the cup-holders were covered in stuff. Trash mostly, but also CDs and clothing and a few shoes. She knew that she couldn't get in this car. 

Josh got into the driver's seat and, noticing her hesitation, courteously brushed the debris off her seat onto the floor. He patted the seat invitingly. "Hop in."

"I think I changed my mind," Ella said, backing away a step. "I'm just gonna call a cab. You go on." 

Josh rolled his eyes. "It's because of the mess isn't it?"

Ella swallowed. "Maybe."

"It's not really dirty," he explained. "Just messy. You can do it!" he gave her an encouraging grin. "Besides you don't want to wait here in the dark for a cab. C'mon."

Ella took a deep breath. OK you can do this. She approached the car and carefully stepped into it, sinking down into the seat. Her skirt rode high again, exposing the lacy tops of her stocking and an inch or two of creamy skin above them. She looked at Josh and gave him a small smile. "OK."

"OK," he said, starting the car. Ella was a little embarrassed. She had just met this young man and he was seeing a lot more of her than she let most people see; both physically and in terms of her OCD. Most people didn't know how much of a problem Ella had. When she was in control she was able to hide it quite well.

Ella directed the boy down the darkened streets to her apartment; music played softly on the stereo and neither of them tried to make conversation. Now and then Ella caught him stealing glances at her exposed legs. She looked out the windshield, trying to ignore the mess around her. A fast food wrapper was touching her calf; she breathed slowly to stay calm. When they reached their destination Josh pulled up to the curb and put the little car in park.

Ella turned towards him. "Thank you, Josh. I really appreciate the lift." She turned to go. 

"Wait," he said, putting a hand on her knee to stop her. Ella turned back to him, a sudden heat rushing up her body from where his hand touched her through only the thin, silky fabric of her stocking. "I, um," he seemed to falter. "I don't know your name." He looked down, embarrassed, and removed his hand. Her leg felt suddenly cold without it.

Not knowing what possessed her, Ella put her hand on his arm, squeezing gently. He looked up and met her eyes with his intense blue stare. "My name's Ella," she said smiling at him, he returned the smile and seemed like maybe he was leaning towards her. Before this got even more inappropriate, Ella quickly exited the car and gave Josh a little wave through the window.

Inside her apartment Ella leaned against the inside of the door; safe at last. Today had not gone the way she'd expected it to but it hadn't been all bad. Ella fixed herself some dinner, ate it, and washed up. She caught herself wondering what Josh was having for dinner. What? Why should she care? The boy meant nothing to her. He was a student. As Ella got undressed she imagined Josh unbuttoning her blouse, she thought about his rough hands stroking the soft skin of her thighs as she peeled her stocking off her legs. So inappropriate, Ella chided. She went to bed disgusted with herself.

Exhausted as she was, however, Ella could not seem to fall asleep. Her mind was churning and her body thrummed with energy. She tossed and turned, her bedding and pajamas felt hot and confining. She kicked her blankets away and stripped to the skin, tossing her pajamas on the floor. She lay like that for a moment before getting up to fold the garments and put them away. She wondered what Josh would think if he could see her like this. She thought he might like it. She ran her fingers lightly over her flat stomach to cup her full breasts in her hands. She ran her thumbs over her nipples and shuddered, pretending that Josh was touching her.

Squeezing one soft breast with her left hand she brought her right to the warm, wet place between her legs. She spread her knees and trailed a finger through her slick folds. She was so wet, just from thinking about him. As Ella stroked her clit she opened her mouth, imagining kissing Josh's full lips. He looked like he would be a good kisser, a good lover. She imagined his lips on her neck, on her breast, tasting and caressing her skin. She stroked faster and dipped a finger in and out of her tight hole. She moaned, wishing she were not alone, wishing that Josh was really here, that the fingers pleasuring her where not her own. When Ella came she was thinking of his eyes, half closed in lust. She drifted off to sleep without even washing her sticky fingers.

The next morning Ella got up at 6am to begin her routine. She ate breakfast, brushed her teeth and showered. She put lotion on her skin and combed her hair. While she waited for her hair to dry Ella picked out her outfit for the day. She didn't want to admit it to herself but she was thinking of Josh when she pulled a green jersey wrap dress out of the closet. With its demure long sleeves and knee-length hem it was appropriate for work but the tie front showed off her tiny waist and the deep V-neck revealed more cleavage than Ella would normally have showed at work. 

She rolled the black thigh highs on again (she made a mental not to get another pair of black tights), slipped on her favorite black heels and headed out. Ella had arranged for a cab to pick her up this morning. She needed to remember to call a repair service from work that day to come and look at her car. Having no vehicle was seriously throwing off her routine.

All day at work Ella was distracted. She told herself that it was just a silly infatuation and it would pass before she knew it but her thoughts still drifted to Josh throughout the day. As it got closer to five o'clock Ella found herself looking up from her work every so often to check the door. She adjusted her cleavage, smoothed her hair. She knew she was being ridiculous. She was acting like something had happened between them when really it had all been in her head.

When Josh did come sauntering into her office Ella managed to greet him with cool professionalism. "Good evening Josh," she said, looking up at him from the paperwork she's been ignoring for half an hour. "Are you ready to complete your detention?"

"I'm ready if you are," he replied with a wicked grin that made Ella's knees feel a little wobbly. 

They trooped up to the stacks again and started cleaning where they had left off yesterday. Ella thought again about leaving Josh by himself but she couldn't bear to after she's spent the whole day thinking about him. Ella couldn't seem to lose herself in the work like she had yesterday. Instead of feeling relaxed like she usually did while cleaning, Ella felt a tension between herself and Josh. She told herself she was imagining it but he did seem to be stealing glances.

As she scrubbed a shelf she was acutely aware of how her pale breasts were jiggling. She almost laughed out loud when she caught Josh's eyes on her chest before he looked away quickly. "So tell me, Josh," she said, pausing to push an errant curl off her forehead with a forearm. "What are you in detention for?"

Josh paused in scrubbing the bottom shelf and sat back on his heels. "Do you really want to know?" he asked, with a twinkle in his eyes.

Ella's breath caught in her throat. This boy would be the death of her. "I think as your detention supervisor you have to tell me if I ask," she said, sinking down to sit on the step stool.

Josh looked down at the sponge in his hand. Was he blushing? Ella was intrigued. "I um...I did an inappropriate performance art piece." He said.

"What did you do?" Ella knew she was prying but she was really curious now.
