 Copyright (c) 2001, by DiscipleN. All rights reserved.

This work may not be used for any commercial purposes without prior, documented consent from the owner.

Alice Pierpoint gazed up at the jet trails in the air. The air-show had dazzled her, and the sun had baked her skin. Even the flush of excitement in her face was masked by her now bright red skin. Her noticeable cleavage had suffered the same fate because of her low cut tank top. A couple men in the bleacher's behind her tried unsuccessfully to determine just how deep the burn reached.

"Why did I have to forget my sun screen?" She regretted aloud after noticing her pink arms. The show was over and she looked forward to soaking in a oily bath for the night. Even then she would be in a world of hurt the next day, trying to keep up with the bookmobile's schedule.

The crowd attempting to file their way off of the cordoned runway was bustling with anxious families and other spectators. A man to her right kept bumping into her and patting her soft fanny. She knew it was no accident, but she suffered the indiscretion and refused to give the man any attention. After a few more obvious grabs and familiar squeezes, the man looked at her and said.

"Gosh, I thought you were my daughter!"

"Well I'm not. So stop touching me."

"I'm sorry, her boyfriend must have taken her with him. I thought she was following me. I sure feel silly. Can I make it up to you?"

Alice looked again at the man. He was about forty and had a visible paunch, but his eyes were sharp and he did have an earnest smile.

"I guess it was just a mistake." She realized he was carrying a beach shoulder bag and the she asked. "Well, if you have some sun lotion I would like that very much."

The man's eyes and grin widened. "Sure thing." He produced a suitable brand from the bag and opened it. "Here let me." He offered. Then he poured some on to his hand and began to rub her shoulders.

"Ahhh." All the bumping had really inflamed her skin, and the soothing cream melted in and immediately relaxed her. She even began to feel an erotic response, but when his large groping hand went down the front of her top and grabbed one of her loose tits she yelped and turned away.

"That's enough!" She cried defiantly.

"Okay, okay. I guess got carried away." His daring smile was ever present.

"Just go away."

"Listen doll, that's the last favor I'll do for you. You just need a good fuck." His eyes sharpened.

"Go to hell."

"Why, there's nothing more frigid there." His wide grin returned and he laughed. Then he disappeared into the crowd.

When Alice finally reached her car she started the motor with an angry roar and fought her way though the clot of traffic until she returned home. Still fuming from the sluggish roadways and the pervert, she slammed the front door closed and pouted in her bedroom. After she cooled. Her skin again made its condition known, and she moved to the adjoining room to draw her bath.

She peeled the few cotton garments off her body noticing a few things about her body she hadn't given much thought before. Her shapely tits curved in a way she had always liked. Her well rounded hips with its soft thatch of light red pubic hair must be quite a charm for some men.

"Men!" she thought bitterly. "that's all they saw in a woman, her sex." Someday she would find a nice man who appreciated all her qualities. She was soon to turn 27 years old and for the first time she doubted her prince charming was headed in her direction.

She stepped into the tub still staring at the graceful mound between her legs.

"It's just a c-cunt." She forced herself to say the naughty word. She was an enlightened woman, she believed, because she knew all sorts of words adults used and wanted to be sure she was not seen as a simple minded woman. It was a source of pride for her to have broken free of her parents strict taboos against anything sexual. She again saw the man in the crowd smiling at her. In defiance she touched her hand to her cunt.

"See, it's all mine, and I can do what I want with it!" She said brazenly. A few times before she had masturbated, but the experience felt strange and scary. Was it really supposed to feel that way? She started the experiment again. For some reason her gently rubbing fingers seemed to know exactly just what to do today. Her pelvis offered a better angle for her hand to penetrate the many folds of her vulva.

"Oh, my." she responded verbally and stared at her hand as it quickened its motions. "Oooo, Aaahhh." It felt wonderful. She still saw the older man's face. She could almost feel his hand against her, but it was her free hand that caressed her soft tits. Passion built up inside her cunt and her hand worked faster and faster to relieve it. At one point she pulled on her breast roughly, producing a sharp pain in her flesh as she stretched her burned skin. At once, her body convulsed, and waves of pure delight shot through her.

"Oohhh, Uunnnggh! Arrrggh, AAAAHHHH!!" She cried out from her wonderful, first orgasm.

She lay in the tub long past her bedtime. Then she rinsed, drained the tub, put a medicinal cream on her abused skin, and went to bed.

-----------

The next day was as hectic as she had expected. Her assigned route took her to every part of the city. Her first stop was a small nursery school. Ever-loving Child Care was a large, converted house. It's backyard was filled with a plethora of toys and jungle gyms. Dozens of children played on them.

The two caretakers, a dark haired woman with a touch of gray, and a young blonde had selected the day's reading material and had given her a box of returned books. She was placing the books back on the shelf when she realized one of them was not the library's. She was scandalized. It's title was ‘Dark Lesbian Nights'.

At first she wasn't sure what to do. She wanted to throw it in the trash, but her sense of loyalty to books and the first amendment overcame her revulsion. She believed people were entitled to read what they liked no matter how stupid.

She hesitantly stepped down from the bookmobile and entered the house. The two women were oddly, not with the children, and she had not seen them in the yard. She might have just left the book on a table, but she didn't want a child to find it. After peeking into the rooms on the first floor she climbed the set of stairs where, according to a sign, children were not allowed. Probably for their safety she thought. At the top of the stairs she thought she could hear the women's voices down the hall behind one of the doors. She paused outside just before knocking.

"Amanda, did you see what little Jimmy Barns did this morning?"

"No, darling. What?"

"He reached up my dress and pulled on my panties."

"Hah, the silly thing. Doesn't he know that only I am allowed that privilege? Is that why you dragged me up here and ate my pussy? Are the poor dears driving you out of control again, Mary?"

"That and when Shelly Meyers took off her dress because she had spilled soda on it. I saw you staring for several moments before you told her to put it back on."

"Well you know our rules. We don't get involved with our clients, but if they happen to get into their own straights, ours is not to condemn."

Alice was shocked to her marrow. She rapped sharply on the door, ready to condemn their private words with a burst of disgust, but she promptly lost her nerve at their reply.

"Whoever you are, you must go back downstairs, dear child. We'll be out in a few minutes."

"S-sorry, but one of the books you gave me wasn't the library's. I'll j-just put on the floor next to the door and go. B-bye." Alice stuttered nervously. As she hurried away she could have sworn she heard them say:

"Oh, darn. Another delicious fish fails to take the bait." Then laughter.

Alice drove away to her next location. She was having trouble concentrating on the map. Those women back there. Could they have actually been having sex together? The thought was unimaginable. She knew what it took to have sex. She had read about penises, c-cocks, she reminded herself, in the self-help books in the library. Alice knew what the word lesbian meant, but she had never taken it very seriously before. She decided nervously to look up more information about it when she finished her rounds and returned to the library.

She pulled up to a rickety, old, gray house. She knew this neighborhood wasn't very nice, but in the back of her mind she believed the bookmobile was a spiritual service to the poor people here. Books, and everything about them, comprised her religious center. She always felt safe in the van.

Children and also grown-ups waited in a line for the chance to borrow or return books. She smiled at each as they entered her temple and made their selections. The operation ran smoothly until the last young girl had shyly taken her freshly stamped card and jumped off the van step delighted. Then two older boys crowded in the doorway and leered at her.

"Hey, momma. You got some books for us?"

"Uh, sure, but only one person at a time." Alice replied as uncertainty uttered a veiled warning.

"See, I told you she was someth'n." One boy looked for approval from the other. They were a pair of black youths in their late teens. The larger boy grunted back.

"Do you have your library cards?" Alice tried to assert herself.

"Me first." The youth said to his smaller companion. He mounted the steps and his buddy slowly closed the door.

"I've got one of these." The boy stood looking down at Alice in her driver/check-out seat. Before the pause after his sentence broke, he had opened the fly to his pants. He wasn't wearing any shorts and his young bulging penis was curling out from the fresh, young, kinked pubic hairs.

"Oh, my god! Get out of here!" Alice shouted.

"Listen up, momma. Do you know what comes down when a white woman yells for help in our ‘hood?"

"N-no, what?" Alice sat frozen in sudden fear. The question sat like a great oppressive weight."

"She gets it." The boy smirked, and pulled his cock completely from his pants to emphasis the ‘it'.

Once again, Alice's bravado tried to rise to the occasion. "Young man, I want you to put your t-thing away and go home. This is very bad for you." She was significantly older and bigger and her sharp command seemed to dent the boy's tough facade.

"Hey, you don't know what you're doin'. Look how hard you've got this chunk of dick."

Alice couldn't help but look again at the boy's cock. It's size for a young man surprised her. All the books she had read just showed penises in their relaxed state. The boy's boner jutted out a good seven inches!

"Th-that's not, m-my problem." She countered but couldn't take her eyes off of the smooth, young erection.

"Com'on momma. You can touch it. Me and Chaz ain't gonna hurt you none. You are a fine piece of a librarian. My grandma even got a book from you today. We just thought you might like to have a bit of fun."

Alice knew she was in trouble. She had to make the boy leave without causing a fuss, but her curiosity was intensely focused on the first cock she had ever seen. As her hand reached out she tried in vain to control herself, but she was drawn to the amazing shaft by an overwhelming urge to find out what one felt like.

"Yeah, that's it. Ooo, momma, see it's all there just for you." The boy moaned as her fingers delicately touched his now rock hard dick. For a moment Alice wrapped her hand gently around its girth and stroked it. Then, with a new pulse of will, she pushed it back into the boy's pants and pulled up the zipper. "Yeow!" His pubic hair had caught in the zipper.

While he was still hopping around, Alice circumnavigated him and yanked the door open. "That will be enough, young man. You take your friend home and learn to keep your business in your pocket. The other boy started laughing when he saw his companion desperately trying to loosen the zipper without ripping out all of his hair.

Alice drove away visibly shaken. She had actually touched a cock! A young boy's at that. But she couldn't be too harsh on herself. The boy was already corrupted. She decided she had taught him a valuable lesson. Then she allowed herself a brief laugh. The boy had looked so deflated, probably in more than just his expression!

Her next stop was her least favorite kind. An old man had been borrowing books from the van for several weeks and he hadn't returned any of them. The library had already revoked his book card, but the man still refused to return them. Alice was suppose to retrieve them in person.

She parked the bookmobile at a dilapidated apartment building, and trudged up the gritty stairwell to the third floor. At 3B17 she knocked loudly and waited with eagerness to resolve this dilemma and get on with her day. The door creaked open and two bespectacled eyes greeted her.

"Hello, Alice. What can this old man do for you?" His scratchy withered voice asked.

"Are you Marvin Johnston?"

"Yes, dearie."

"Well you have a lot of overdue books, and I am here to take them back." Alice wondered if the old man was just too feeble to return the books.

"Come on in." He unchained the door and opened it wide. As she entered he closed it behind her. "I have them here somewhere, just you wait and see what I can find. The man must have been seventy or eighty. He stooped painfully as he picked a book here and a book there and piled them in a corner at the far side of the room. She couldn't help but noticing they were either art books of nude paintings or photos or they were swimsuit magazines.

He seemed to have finished when he stood up straighter standing between her and the books. "You see an old man doesn't have many options in the way of fun these days. My children never visit and my wife died years ago. You sure are a pretty young thing."

"Thank you, and I'm very sorry about your circumstances, but you can always get new books after you return your old ones. Let me have the books." Alice realized that the old man must be pretty lonely, but she still couldn't really feel good about what his books implied.

"Now my cards not good anymore. Can't I keep them just a little bit longer?"

"No, I have to take them. I'm very late for my next appointment."

"Well, I wouldn't want to slow you down. I don't think you understand my needs."

"What do you mean?" Alice heard that warning in herself again.

"Books are just about the only way a crotchety old cuss like myself can see all of a beautiful woman. You see I really hate to part with them, unless." The last word hung in the air deceitfully.

"Oh, unless what?" Alice replied looking at her watch.

"Unless you might be able to help me out with something my tired old mind isn't likely to forget until my card gets reinstated."

"What can I do for you?" She looked quizzically at him.

"Maybe I can see a bit of you? You are really pretty."

"What?" The possibilities began to penetrate her imagination.

"I'll give you all your books now if you just might drop your clothes for just a moment. That way I'll not need them. See?"

"That's ridiculous!"

"Well you aren't getting them then."

Alice looked around at the mostly barren, well lit room. The old man stubbornly defied her to take the books.

"Just let me have a peek, and I'll stand way back here. Then you can go right on your way."

Alice couldn't think. The man was thoroughly disgusting, but her only other option was to call the police, and she really didn't want to hurt him. "Just a peek?" she started.

"Yep, and they are all yours." His magnified eyes almost seemed to glow with anticipation.

Alice backed up to the door and checked to make sure it was unlocked. Then with visible disgust she slowly unzipped her light jacket and shrugged it to her arms. She then unhooked her bra beneath her shirt watching him all the while. He began to breath heavily.

"Okay, just a peek." Alice said with as much courage as she could muster and then she unbuttoned her shirt and let her tits fall into the cold apartment's air.

"Oh my, they're wonderful!" the old man delighted. He was quivering.

I hope he doesn't have a heart attack Alice thought. "Now give me those books." Her still reddened breasts heaved and swayed.

"I'm sorry. For that I can only give you half of them, as beautiful as those tits are."

"What! I'm not going any further."

"You will if you want all of the books." The curmudgeon replied. He knew she didn't have any real reason not to continue since she had already gone past the first limit. "They look so delicious."

"Damn you. You keep away." Alice tried to collect her self-esteem. She decided to just get it over with and get out of there. She unfastened her belt and pulled both her pants and panties down around her legs. She counted audibly to ten while keeping her attention on the astounded dirty old man. Then she realized that the man's hands were in his pockets and he was fondling himself!

In those brief seconds he managed to cum in his pants. He gasped aloud and sank into a chair in the room where he began to wheeze and cough.

Alice pulled her clothes back on and angrily stamped to the corner with the books, keeping her eye on the now exhausted pervert. She scooped the books up and walked swiftly out of the apartment.

"Come again anytime miss. If only this ancient bag of bones had lasted longer, you might have helped more." She heard him say just before kicking the door closed behind her.

Alice was in her bookmobile when she decided the day couldn't get any worse. First she had been near two lesbians who ran a child care center. Then she had touched a black boy's cock, and finally she had actually stripped her clothes off for a very dirty old man. Now in the truck, thinking about her strange day her own body began to tempt her. She felt warm and her crotch was very wet. She alternated thinking about the firm velvety dick in her hands with the face of the old man as she peeled her clothes for a peek, and then with imagined images of two women fucking. She wanted desperately to stop the van and masturbate. Perhaps she had done the wrong thing by masturbating last night. What if she had opened up some evil pathway to sexual needs? Alice was a little frightened of her feelings.

She was late for her next appointment. The author, Paul Hiker, was one of her favorites. He had offered to sign all the library's copies of his books as a publicity stunt to promote library awareness while he was in town to sign his new book at book stores. She parked the van outside the store and hurried in. There he was.

Paul sat behind a simple table with two or three fans still in line. Alice carried her own copy of "Majesty of the Animals." his book about animals in the wild, to sign. She waited last in line until it was her turn. Paul looked up at her and was visibly impressed.

"Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. My name is Alice, and I'm from the library. I had other appointments that delayed me. I hope it isn't too late to sign our books."

"Well, Alice I was just about to go to lunch with my agent." He indicated a short bald man sitting next to him. "Do you think we have time for her, Harvey?" His voice held back an amused quality. Harvey seemed in on some privately recognized joke or plan.


"I guess so. If she doesn't mind us eating in her bookmobile. I can go get some take-out Chinese while you deal with her. Then perhaps we can all share some when I bring the food." He smiled eagerly.

"Is that all right Alice?" Paul asked kindly.

"Oh, of course. I really like your books. I even brought my own book to sign. If that's all right." Alice heaved a sigh of relief which raised her tits to their fullest extent then dropped them. The two men smiles seemed to bounce with her movement.
