 Of course, the thesis. Finally. After pushing the work off, I only had 3 weeks to pull together two semesters of work. Luckily I was a fast reader, and I was able to pull together cohesive reports quickly.

Friday night the fluorescent fixtures flickered as I poured over textbooks about financial scandals. The library was open 24 hours, and I fully intended to utilize the late night weekend silence to help my work progress.

A rustle disturbed my peaceful reading. I looked up, startled. No one ever came to this corner with the encyclopedias.

"Hi, just checking, do you need any help?"

The librarian. The new one that everyone was talking about. It was true. He wore his pants just a bit too low, but those eyes...I looked up. Crystal clear emerald green. My friends had not lied. I shook my head answering his question and willing myself to refocus.

"Nah...just busy....thesis....ya know." I replied nervously.

He looked apologetically at me.

"We have pizza in the staff lounge if you want it, and...um...I can help you find sources..."

I gulped and nodded. Assuring myself that he was just being friendly. It's his job.

"Thanks, I'll let you know."

He walked away and sat down several tables away, playing on the ancient computer that sat there. I turned to look at my work, but my cheeks felt hot. Perhaps I could use help finding sources. I called out to him.

"I'm researching financial scandals and political activism...could you help me find news articles?"

Maybe this could work.

"Sure," he sprung to his feet, tie hitting the screen lightly, "come with me."

He lead me through a stack of books and into the archive room. It was musty and full of mysterious stacks of unmarked papers.

"Financial scandals."

He repeated to himself as he searched the rarely used card catalog.

"Found some..."

I looked at him gratefully. I knew that we were supposed to do our own research, but this kind of assistance was welcome. He handed me a stack of papers. The covers bore promising headlines. I turned to leave.

"Miss...you have beautiful...eyes..."

The compliment took me by surprise. Here was a man with the most beautiful facial features I had ever seen and here he was complimenting me on my hazel eyes.

He cleared his throat.

"eye...deas?"

He winked at me and my stomach fluttered. Was he flirting?

"Thanks..." I awkwardly mumbled.

"Come here, you have fuzz in your hair..."

He stopped me. I tried to comb through my hair with my fingers, but he stepped forward deftly plucking a tiny wad of dust from the archive room from my hair.

Toe to toe we stood for a second. Those eyes. Mesmerizing.

My heart beat skipped and then double timed as I stared up. I couldn't help it. Those eyes. He leaned forward. Was this. Is this? The kiss was warm and passionate, and utterly surprising. I leaned into it, taking his soft lips over and into mine. Sharing tongues and probing. After a few seconds I pulled away.

"I'm a..student?" I wasn't sure which way was up or down.

"I know...we must keep this quiet. I saw you staring at me when I went to help you. And I couldn't help myself. Is this too fast? Too much?" His brow furrowed in concern

"No...not too fast...we just...shouldn't....here...especially...you work here." My voice trailed as I thought about the professor student affair at a local college earlier that year. 

People were fired. The student was expelled. All terrible things that I didn't want to happen. He paused, taking in the concerned look on my face.

"Just once here, okay? Then we can try seeing each other elsewhere?" His eyes pleaded. Those eyes. No one can say no. 

Truthfully, I was exhausted, and needed a break. He grabbed my hand and pulled me further into the archives.

"Are you sure, no cameras?" Nervously, I scanned the ceiling.

"None here...nope." He tugged my hand, and I stepped closer. 

His breath was minty. I wish I had been chewing gum. Self consciously I looked down at my old leggings and oversized sweater. Student attire. The teal in his tie shone under the dim lights.

Hand under my chin he lifted my face up towards his, and tenderly kissed my mouth.

"You are really quite pretty..." His compliment whispered through the musty silence.

"No...I'm just...I work out and stuff." And stuff? Really? My IQ started to drop every time. 

His hands circled my waist and felt my firm ass. Not my best asset to be certain, but running had certainly toned it.

He hummed approvingly in my ear.

My hands found his shoulder blades. Either intentionally or not, he flexed, but the movement sent ripples all down his back causing me to gasp and sigh simultaneously. So muscular under such a professional outfit.

I went to run my fingers through his dark hair, but I bumped something.

"Oh, my glasses...haha. I am a librarian I guess." He pulled thick rimmed glasses down over his head.

Instantly I swooned. Nothing better than an intelligent looking guy with muscles. I leaned forward.

"Perhaps you will need to help me more often," I teasingly mumbled into his chest.

Definitively he lifted my sweater over my head exposing the true laziness of my outfit. No bra. My large breasts were hidden by the sweater. He instinctively reached forward, taking one and cupping it. Thumb on my nipple, swirling it around.

"Shit...it's 11:30, I need to clock out in 20 minutes...shit shit shit."

I looked up at him. He seemed annoyed with himself.

"Think I can make you happy in 20?" I nodded. Even if he didn't I wanted him to try.

He gently turned me around and sucked on my neck lightly. His hands found the elastic on my leggings. Yet another lazy day surprise.

"Do you often go commando...." He asked with a slight grin.

"Only when I'm here late at night." There was truth in that answer, but he found it arousing. 

The metal of his belt pushed against my back, but the bulge below it was unmistakably his erection.

I leaned forward, bracing myself as I felt him whip his belt off with one solid motion. Time was ticking, and we both needed a release. My pussy was soaking wet. The tip of his cock met briefly with my lips as he slid it in easily.

"Fuck....you're so....turned on." He was breathing hard in my ear already. 

I slid my feet backwards as I leaned on the shelf in front of me. Wall Street Journal Archives.

He thrust his cock deeper into me, and reached around. My clit pulsated under the touch of his fingers.

"Can you pick your feet up and put them on the shelf?" He guided my one foot back with his.

"Yeah...like that."

I was in a near suspended pushup position between the shelves, my pelvis tilted towards him. Indeed the angle was perfect. His strong hands grabbed my waist, pulling me up, closer to him.

Thrust after thrust he laid into me. My body responded well to his strong hands holding me. He gyrated his hips. Closer. Harder. I wanted him so badly.

"Fuck...I'm gonna cum..." The urgency in his voice was nearly ignored as my orgasm began to take over. 

My knees buckled,but his strong hands held me as he never lost rhythm.

As my orgasm subsided, his was mounting. Beginning in deliberate thrusts. Deep hard and powerful. He let out a deep sigh, barely making any noise as he released his load into me.

When he was done, we paused for a second, and I stepped down from my angled perch.

"Wow...that was...wow." I looked at him as he scrambled for his clothes. 

11:45. He needed to be downstairs in 3 minutes. I scrambled, feeling his cum drip onto my leggings as I pulled the sweater over my head. Damn. I wish I had worn underwear today. The black stuck to my leg, but my sweater covered the wet spot.

He tied his tie, and buckled his belt, smoothing his hair. Glasses still on, he looked perfectly studious, if not a bit nerdy. I smirked.

"Miss, I um...your name?"

Fuck. After all that and no names. He handed me a library card.

"Never mind. Email me, I'll have those news papers sent to you as soon as I can."

I grinned stupidly as he walked out of the room, leading me back to my desk.

"You be a good girl and keep working hard," He winked and ran towards the elevator.

I was left once again in the stillness of the library, not entirely sure what to do with myself. I typed out the thesis introduction, and explained the articles I would need. My name at the bottom. Giving up on work for that night, I went home and fell into a sound, satisfied sleep.

The next morning I awoke to one of the most amazing resource guide that had ever been provided. Specific passages were quoted, works were cited, and a concise outline was give for each piece. I smiled. It really does pay off to ask for help once in a while.