 **Everyone in this story is over the age of 18**

*****

I walk up the steps of the two story library, the back of my school girl skirt flipping up with each step. We agreed to meet here, our perverted minds needing satisfaction. I walk in and scan the area, seeing where you are at. I check my phone and see that you tell me to go upstairs, to the archive section as it's a little more private. As I'm walking to the stairs I can see my outfit has gotten everyone attention; plaid green short school girl skirt, tight white low cut top with knee high socks and white tennis shoes and of course pigtails and no panties of bra on. My nipples poke through my top as my big tits jiggle with each step. 

I walk up the stairs, my cunt juices starting to flow. I scan the area as I reach the last step and see you over in a corner. Your gaze meets me and I can instantly tell you love my outfit. Your eyes go from my face down slowly to my feet, your eyes getting big when you see my tits. I walk over slowly, feeling your gaze on my thick pale shapely thighs, my skirt is so short that the tattoo on my upper thigh is clearly visible. 

I walk close to you but stop at a nearby bookshelf. You continue to watch me as I pretend to browse for a book. I grab one and flip through it, then it "accidently" slips through my hands and falls. I bend down to pick it up, dramatically pushing my ass out so that my skirt flares up giving you a clear view of my ass and pussy. I hear you gasp and I make sure to take my time in picking the book up, rising slowly and returning it to it's place. I turn around to walk to you and see that you are grabbing your cock through your pants, the aching being too much for you. I giggle and bite my lip. 

When I get close enough you reach out and grab my wrist. There's only a few people left in the library since it's close to closing time and they are all downstairs so you aren't worried about people seeing us. You tell me I look amazing and that I was a bad girl teasing you like that. I giggle and tell you that you liked it. You stand up, your erection evident through your pants. You grab me hard and pull me in, kissing me hard. Shoving your tongue deep in my mouth as I moan against you. Your hand playing with my pigtails, the other reaching up my skirt to grab my thick ass. 

You break the kiss and look at my face, telling me how gorgeous I look. That I'm the sexiest school girl you've ever seen. You lean down and kiss my neck gently. Then you bite it hard making me moan loudly. Your hand moves from my pigtails to my tits and you squeeze each one hard as you leave an angry hicky on my neck, marking you naughty school girl lover as yours. Your other hand is spreading my ass, your finger going from my dripping cunt to my tight asshole. Circling it and spreading my juices on it.  

You push me onto the table so that I'm sitting on the edge. You take the finger with my juices on it and put it to my lips. I suck my juices off eagerly; excitement overcomes you and you grab my face and kiss me hard. I pull away and ask you to sit on the chair. You look puzzled but do as I ask since you know it will end in pleasure for you. I get onto my knees and crawl under the table. You look down and watch me settle on my knees between your legs, my hands pawing at your pants. Unzipping your pants fast and pulling them and your underwear down enough for your cock to pop out. Your precum glistening in the light, dripping like a faucet. 

I grab your hard cock gently, my small soft hands making you moan softly. I lean forward and lick your delicious precum off the tip, looking up and locking eyes with you. You pull your phone out and start snapping pictures. Telling me how hot I look and how you have been dreaming of me and my body. I giggle and then suddenly shove you in my hot wet mouth, still looking up at you. You grunt loudly, your hands in my hair as you watch me devour your hard cock.

Slowly taking you inch by inch, sucking hard and swirling my tongue all around. Then faster, taking more of you. Without notice I shove you in my throat, deepthroating all of you making your thighs shake as you moan loudly. I start fucking my mouth and throat with your hard cock, licking all over and sucking hard. I pull your cock out and let my spit dribble down onto the head of it, then shove you back into my mouth. Loud slurping noises fill the room as I run my long sharp nails down your thighs, making you moan loud. I start massaging your balls as I bob my head as fast as I can. 

All the movement allows one of my big tits to pop out of my shirt and that pushes you over the edge. You grunt loudly and grab my head, your cock getting even harder as you start shooting your hot cum into my mouth. I look up and can tell you are fighting to keep quiet as I suck every last drop. Right before you stop I pull your cock out and stroke a little more cum out, shooting it onto my lips and cheek. 

You look down at me and tell me I'm amazing and that I'm such a cum slut for you. I lick the cum off my lips but leave the small amount on my cheek to dry. I crawl out from under the table, brushing myself off as you stand and push me onto the table. You kiss me hard and spread my legs, my short skirt revealing my glistening cunt. You drop to your knees and kiss my inner thighs. I lay back onto my elbows, resting my feet on the edge of the table so that you have full access to my cunt. You bite my thighs, leaving little bite marks.

You then dive in, sucking my clit into your mouth as you tell me how good it tastes and how I'm so wet. You start lapping at me, like you've been starving for my juices. I look down to watch you, your beard soaking up my juices. I start to move my hips, humping your face and getting my juices all over you. You slip one finger inside my cunt, getting my juices all over it. Then as you start to tongue fuck me hard you slowly slip it into my ass. I start to shake and grab the back of your head. I bite my lip so hard it hurts to keep quiet as I start to fuck your face as you tongue fuck my pussy and finger fuck me ass. I cry out softly as I flood your face with my cum, my body shaking.

You lap up all my juices, cleaning me up. Suddenly we hear a gasp and a bang; we look over and see one of the librarians has walked up the stairs and found us, startles she dropped a book. We both freeze, I try to get up but you keep your strong hands firmly on my thighs keeping me in place. For what seems like an eternity all three of us watch each other, unsure of what to do next. 

Finally you decide to break the ice and you dive back into my pussy, shoving your tongue inside me. I moan and close my eyes, as I hear her heels clicking on the floor as she slowly walks over to us. I open my eyes and see her standing close to us. Her perfume fills my nose and I study her closely. Curvy in her pencil skirt and heels, her golden brown skin and long dark brown hair are a perfect combination. Horn rimmed glasses and dark red lipstick with deep brown eyes. I feel her eyes all over my body, and I see her bite her lip when she sees you eating my cunt up close.

I reach out for her; she hesitates for a brief second then brings her hand into mine. I smile and nudge for her to lean down close to me. When she's close enough I grab her hard and bring her lips to mine. Kissing her hard as she moans into my mouth, my fingers in her soft hair. Her hands run down to my large soft tits and she squeezes them hard. She slips her hands inside my shirt and rubs my nipples as she shoves her tongue into my mouth. You shove your tongue into my cunt at the same time and it proves too much and I cum all over your face while she is sucking on my tongue.

After my orgasm subsides, she pulls back and you kiss my thighs. We can see your beard is soaked with my juices. I sit up and tell her that I want to taste her. Her dark skin turns red and she bite her lip. I can see you watching us as you stand up and give us some space. I get up and gently push her onto the desk. I push her tight pencil skirt up until I can see the moist crotch of her pink thong. I spread her legs wide and can smell her sweet scent. My fingers pull her thong to the side and her juices are dripping down. I spread her lips apart and touch her clit softly. I can feel your hands on my back, running down to my ass as I start to play with her pussy.

I dive in, sucking on her clit as I gently push one of my small fingers into her tight wet pussy. Her sweet juices fill my mouth and I start moving my finger faster while sucking her clit hard, her moans filling the air. I feel you lifting my skirt up and I can feel your hard cock touching my ass. I moan into her pussy as you grip my hips and touch your cock onto my clit. Suddenly you ram your cock into me fast and I moan against her pussy and I can hear you grunt. I suck harder, moving my finger faster, wanting her to cum for me.

You start pounding me like an animal, the sound of your thighs hitting my ass mixed with her soft moans. Finger fucking her hard now as I lap at her clit. The heat between my thighs starts to build and suddenly I cum while sucking on her clit. You can feel my cunt gripping your cock hard making you shake. I twist my finger so that I can touch her g spot and that send her over the edge. Her thighs shake, fingers in my hair, as her juices flood my mouth. Seeing her cum on my mouth and feeling my cum on you pushes you over the edge as well. You grunt loudly and start to fill me with your warm cum, moving your hips to give me every spurt.

I lean up and kiss her so that she can taste her juices. I stand up and kiss you so you can taste her as well. I lean down before you can pull your pants up and lick my juices and your cum off your cock as you moan. You pull your pants off as I straighten you skirt and she stands and fixes her clothes. She blushes and kisses me then walks over the stairs and descends. You grab me and bite my neck hard, telling me how hot that was. We walk hand in hand to the stairs, my pussy aching thinking of how you will talk dirty about this later when you're inside me again.