 Arleigh looked around the library and was totally bored.

Flipping a blonde curl from her eyes, she surveyed her domain. Her friend Dana - and sometimes lover - had got her the job in the library, knowing her amiga needed some spending cash. It was easy work, Arleigh's bubbly personality made it easy for her to work with the public. She was friendly, sexy and easy to be around.

Her curly blonde hair swirled around her as she heard a book BANG! to the floor. Her green eyes saw the youngster try to put the book back on the shelf and he grinned sheepishly at her. Poor little guy just looked so lost!

She walked over to him, helped him return the Lemony Snicket book to its proper place and she sat in her chair. This was far from her dream job and as the attractive blonde crossed her legs and dangled a heel from one foot, she mused on the last few months.

She and Vance had broken up after he'd made a very drunken, obvious play for Dana. Not that she blamed her, Dana was hot and Arleigh would have considered sharing, - after all, she'd licked Dana's sweet pussy man a time - but he was such an ass about it. Arleigh hadn't been laid in over 2 months and her pussy was just aching for a good fuck. Her tight little pussy was pulling the lacy thong in deep, arousing her lusts. 

She squirmed in her chair, remembering the feeling of Vance's big, hard rod, pistoning in and out of her wet cooze. He might have been a bastard, but Vance knew what a woman liked in the bedroom. He knew where to lick her pussy, what buttons to push, how to play and manipulate her hard nipples and make her ache for his big cock. Then, he'd tease her mercilessly, moving it just barely into the lips of her pussy, stroking against her engorged clit, making Arleigh beg to have him shove his cock into her and fuck her, hard and NOW! 

Vance would then ... Arleigh's train of though was interrupted by someone at the checkout desk. 

There was a stunning, dark-haired, sex god of a man standing in front of her.

He seemed to be talking directly to her, but Arleigh was lost in a fog.

"I wanted to thank you for being so nice to Kevin."

"Hmmm?"

"Kevin. My son. The boy who dropped the book. He said you were nice, and patient with him. The poor kid's such a klutz - takes after his dad - that people often lose patience with him."

Arleigh returned to the real world. Damn, he was married and had a son. In her fantasies, she'd already fucked this big-cocked (they were all big-cocked in her fantasies) man to oblivion, but Arleigh had one cardinal rule - she didn't fuck married men. He was gorgeous in an I'm-hot-but-don't-flaunt-it way, but he was married, damn it!

"After his Mom left us, he kinda zoned out for a while!"

Arleigh was paying rapt attention again. Unless he was hung like a gerbil, who would ever leave this magnificent hunk of studliness? Hell, even then, you'd never get tired of looking at him! His name, Arleigh soon learned, was Gerry and he was H O T!!!!

He talked to her at length and Arleigh was warming to him more with each minute. His wife had left them for a smooth-talking, older, rich man. Gerry had been alone for 2 years, had dated, but no magic. He seemed to need someone to talk to and with the library so empty, Arleigh was happy to listen.

Not only that, Arleigh wanted very much to get into his fucking pants!

Gerry dropped Kevin off at a reading group downstairs and he came back upstairs, eager to chat with Arleigh some more. Being such a quiet day, she just listened to him talk and all the while, her pussy ached for his cock to fuck her! 

It was now or never and never was not an option.

"Come with me!," she said to Gerry, with a commanding tone in her voice. She took him into one of the private reading rooms and pulled the blinds, locking the door behind them.

She looked at him with a fire in her green eyes. "Now unless you're gay - which would be a goddam waste - or dumb - you won't pass up this opportunity!" 

"What opportunity?"

"We have at least an hour, I'm horny, you're hot - need another hint, gorgeous? Let's fuck, baby!" 

Arleigh stripped for the handsome stud, wiggling and bouncing her gorgeous tits as she did so, her blonde hair swirling around. Gerry leaned in and pulled her close, fondling her flesh and running his strong hands over her wet, hot pussy. 

"Okay, you are the hottest woman I have ever met!"

Arleigh grinned. "I am the hottest woman you will EVER meet darlin'!" She took his hard dick in her mouth and licked, slurped and devoured the pulsating shaft.

"Not a gerbil!" she mumbled between licks of dick.

"Beg pardon?"

"Never mind lover! Now - you're hard, I'm dripping - let's fuck!"

"In a minute babe..."

"It's Arleigh."  "What?"

"My name. It's Arleigh."

"Oh. Well Arleigh, you are hot, scrumptious and adorable and if passed up the chance to eat and lick you, I'd be a fool! And I'm not a fool!"

Arleigh spread her long legs wide for him, happy she'd worn stockings (for the hell of it, she wasn't psychic as far as she knew) and glad at his lascivious attentions. He worshiped at the font of her pussy, licking her, lapping her, making what's-his-name seem like a fucking amateur. She squealed with delight at the first of her orgasms.

His fucking was even better. Gerry glided his big cock in and out of her pussy with practiced strokes, hitting bottom every time and making her groan with lust. She was babbling incoherently, begging for more of his hard, big dick, still wanting to fuck him again and again when she came again.

He followed suit, but she grabbed him as he did so and sucked the sticky cream down her hungry throat. She licked Gerry clean.

Re-dressing, she told him she'd like to see him again and he was quick to agree. "I'm going to catalogue that one under G."

"G?"

"Yes, for Good Fuck!"