 (I have received many compliments about the story Library Love. I never really intended for it to be more than a one time story, I'm hardly finding enough time to continue the ongoing story The Cowboy Way. But since I have received many requests for another installment of Library Love I will give it to you. After all, you the readers are the most important aspect of writing. I enjoy your comments and suggestions and encourage you to email me with any further ideas you may have. I would also appreciate it if you'd vote on my stories. I enjoy seeing the overall attitude towards my work. Enjoy the story-the cowboy)

* * * * *

My eyes swept over the room in front of me, taking in the people in attendance with a quick glance. I could see my parents in the crowd, my father beaming with pride, my mother wiping tears from her eyes. I didn't acknowledge their presence, it was a result of my training. I knew that the thirty-five other men and women around me weren't acknowledging the presence of their loved ones either. 

We were all police officers now. Originally, we had started out with forty-two people, but had dwindled to thirty-six as the weeks went by. I was proud to have withstood the weeks in the baking, humid heat of New Jersey, under the constant barking orders of my drill instructors. I glanced over at them where they sat in a row, perpendicular to our positions on stage.

I adjusted myself slightly and was rewarded with the sound of my new leather gun-belt creaking. A slight smile tugged at the corners of my mouth as I registered the reassuring bulk of my new Glock 23. I wanted nothing more now than to go out and take down some bad guys. Knowledge and information was spiraling around in my head as my eyes swept over the crowded room once again.

Despite the moment, my months of completed training and the feeling of pride that had become my life, I was growing steadily more morose as the ceremony wore on. She had yet to show up, and this was wearing heavy on my heart. I had thought we'd be together forever.

This was once a naive thought, but once she entered my life, this once ridiculous idea had quickly blossomed into potential reality. It had been close to a year since we began seeing each other, and it had been an incredible experience. She had shared some of the most momentous occasions of my life with me. Not once had she failed to be by my side and she had been flawlessly affectionate to me.

I closed my eyes, lowering my head slightly as I thought about her. Silently, I began repeating her name in my head over and over again. That name that had become an integral part of my life, and had floated through my mind every day that I stared into a screaming drill instructor's face. Aleida, I sighed as my mind drifted back in time to visit the memories I had of the two of us.

After that night in the library, the two of us had slept in her apartment, basking in the afterglow of a powerful evening. We had awoken that next morning still in each other's arms. When I looked down at her, she was looking up at me with those big, brown eyes, her chin resting on my chest. Reaching up, I ran my fingers through her long blonde hair and she closed her eyes, sighing in content.

"I'm glad you stayed," she whispered, as she opened her eyes and looked at me.

I smiled. " I wouldn't want to be anywhere else."

"So what do we do now?" she asked, raising herself up on her elbows to look down at me.

"We do what I assume you're supposed to do in a situation like this," I replied.

"And what's that?" she asked, biting her bottom lip.

I was acutely aware of her body, which was half draped over mine at that moment.

"Well, first we get up, take a shower and then have breakfast. Then we go out to dinners, movies, shopping, meet each other's parents, you know, shit like that."

Aleida's face grew into a smile as I ticked these items off on my fingers. She leaned down and kissed me, running her tongue across my lips. I pulled her to me, feeling her breasts press against my chest and her hair fall around our faces. 

She reached between us and took a hold of my cock. Under her touch, I felt myself swell until I was throbbing in her hand. Taking her in my arms, I rolled us over so that she was on her back, smiling up at me. I guided my cock to her waiting pussy, which was wet and inviting in the early morning light.

I looked down into her eyes as I slowly slid inside her. Leaning down on my elbows, I lowered my lips to hers, as she cradled my head in her hands. We kissed passionately as I slid my cock fully inside of her, feeling her pussy cradle me perfectly. Aleida arched her back, thrusting her breasts against my chest and tossing her head to one side as I bottomed out inside of her. 

As I began to thrust inside of her, I watched her moving beneath me, enjoying how her curvaceous, lithe body reacted to me. My eyes lingered on her breasts, which shook when our bodies met, only like a pair of fine breasts can. I felt her thighs on my waist as she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me into her. 

Aleida moaned as I thrust deeply inside of her and rotated my hips, teasing her clit with the base of my cock. Pulling back out until just the tip remained inside of her I slammed back into her, pushing her body up the bed. She came hard, her pussy clamping down on my cock and sending shivers through my body.

She bucked against me, her hips rising off the bed. I continued to thrust in and out of her as I felt my orgasm building to a fever pitch. Looking down at Aleida, I saw her eyes squeezed shut in bliss. She was biting her lower lip, as her hands squeezed my bulging arms. As she opened her mouth to moan, I felt my cock jerk.

Quickly, I pulled out of her, grabbing my cock and jerking it wildly. I erupted, spraying my thick, white cum across her stomach. Aleida cooed, and smeared it across her skin, the action causing me to groan in ecstasy and fire a few more ropes of cum onto her body. When I was spent, she pulled me to her and we kissed tenderly.

After that first morning, we began seeing a lot of each other. Every spare moment that I had was spent with Aleida. It didn't matter whether we were sitting on a couch watching TV, in a restaurant, a movie theater or in bed together, I loved every single moment that we had. And for her part, Aleida had seemed to grow as fond of me as I was of her.

Aleida lived in her apartment with three roommates, close to school, while I lived at home. I had previously resided at school, but had gotten stuck with drug dealing roommates, so I had moved off campus as quickly as possible. This meant I was living at home with my parents. I was close to school, which meant I could always drive over to see Aleida, but spending nights with her became a game between me and my parents. A game that I was determined to win. 

My mother had always been far too protective. If she had known that I had a girlfriend and I was trying to spend my nights at her place, she would have made my life miserable. Even though I was twenty-two years old, I was still under the way too watchful eye of my mother, powerless to do anything about it. However, I wasn't about to let her keep me away from Aleida.

So I began to have my friends cover for me, saying I was spending the night at their place. It worked pretty well for awhile, that is until the shit really hit the fan with Aleida. It happened right around the end of April while I was wrapped up in the middle of finals and the ongoing application process for the Police Academy.

Aleida had had an ongoing battle with her mother and stepfather. Her stepfather was a real prick, the only breadwinner in the family and was seemingly determined to drive Aleida away from her mother. In Aleida's words, he was trying to consolidate her mother into a strings free commodity. I had laughed at her big-worded description, but she had assured me that she was not, in any way, joking.

So anyways, one night in the middle of April, Aleida calls me while I'm at the gym near my home. She's hysterical crying, saying that her stepfather had refused to pay the rent for her apartment. So the landlord was telling her to pack her things and get out or he was going to call the police. I calmed her down and told her that I would be over as soon as I could to help her out.

I left the gym and drove home as quickly as I could. When I got home, it was almost seven o'clock at night. My mother wasn't home, she was out with a couple of her girlfriends my brother informed me. I breathed a sigh of relief; this would make my plan much easier to carry out. I found my father in the basement. He could tell something was wrong and asked me. I took a deep breath and told him everything about Aleida.

He never hesitated, merely gave me a nod and told me to do what I had to do and that he would inform my mother of the situation when she got home. My father and I had always gotten along well, he had been a cop years before and trusted my judgment as a future one. I thanked him and rushed back outside. 

I opened the door to the car tent we kept in the parking area outside the garage of our house. Inside the tent was my toy, a 2001 SVT Lightning, a truck I had worked my ass off to afford. This was the first time it had come out of the tent since October, I refused to drive it in the winter months.

I started the supercharged V8, roared down the driveway and onto the road. I barreled down the highway, doing a bad job of staying below the speed limit. Finally, I made it to Maplewood and pulled into the driveway of Aleida's apartment building. Closing the door to the truck, I could plainly hear the sound of someone shouting from inside the building. 

Running up the front steps, I pressed the buzzer on the intercom and within a few moments someone answered.

"Who is it?" came the sound of Vanessa, one of Aleida's roommates.

"Its John, buzz me in," I replied.

There was a pause. " Now is not a good time, John."

"Now, Vanessa. Aleida called me. Who the hell is yelling?"

There was another pause. " It's the landlord, hurry up, John," she said, and the door buzzed open.

I yanked it open and ran inside. I didn't bother with the elevator and ran straight up the four flights of stairs. Not pausing for the door at the top, I shoved it open and ran around the corner into the hallway. The door to Aleida's apartment was open and I could see things sailing out of the door into the hall. From inside the apartment came a man shouting and plaintive, female protests.

I stepped through the doorway and caught a box that was hurtling towards me, right before it struck me in the face. Dropping the box on the floor, I saw an overweight, balding man in his mid-forties dragging things out of a closet and yelling. I saw Aleida standing to the side trying to argue with this obscene man, tears falling from her eyes, and obviously emotional. Two of her roommates, a good-looking brunette and a gorgeous blonde, stood to one side, powerless to do anything.

"Yo," I said, finally making them all aware of my presence.

The man turned and I saw a face pitted with pockmarks, greasy skin and bloodshot eyes. 

"John," Aleida breathed with a sigh or relief, a smile crossing her face.

"Who the hell are you?" the man asked, fixing me with a yellow-toothed sneer.

I shook my head, trying not to laugh at this guy.

"A friend of Aleida," I replied.

"Yeah, well little Miss bookish here is goin' out on her ass. Somebody ain't paying the bill anymore. So get out of the way," he growled.

"I told you I would go. Just let me pack my things," Aleida pleaded.

"I don't want to hear it, missy. I'm throwing you out myself."

I stepped forwards. " Listen, buddy," I said. " Why don't you just get out, and let me help Aleida move out of here, we'll be gone in twenty minutes. You don't have to make this into a scene."

The man turned on me. " Get out of here you arrogant little fuck!" he shouted.

"Whoa," I said, holding up my hands. " Calm down. We'll be out of here before you know it, just let me take care of this. You're really going about this the wrong way, if you ask me."

He swung at me, hitting me right in the side of the face. My head snapped to one side from the impact. I smiled, it was exactly what I wanted. I reached into my pocket and dialed 911, holding my finger over the 'send' button, so the landlord could see it. I turned to Aleida and her roommates.

"Did you guys see that?" I asked.

Their response was a wordless nod, I tossed the phone Aleida, then turned back to the landlord.

"Now get the fuck out of here," I said, my voice deadly serious. " So I can help her pack."

"You dumb little shit, you think I'm gonna take that from you?!?" he roared and swung at me again.

I blocked his punch easily and hammered him right in the mouth with my left hand. He keeled over backwards, hitting the floor flat on his back. I towered over him, glaring at him with a look that could have killed.

"You think that you could have actually hit me, you fat shit? I let you hit me. Now if you don't get out and let me do what I came here to do then I'll call the cops and report you for assault. I've got three corroborating statements right now."

The fat fuck looked from me to the girls, then back.

"Your play, fat boy," I said.

The man grumbled something then climbed to his feet and left the room. Aleida came over and gave me a huge hug and a kiss and the other girls thanked me. I helped Aleida straightened up her things and pack and we loaded everything in the back of the Lightning. Then she followed me in her Integra to my house.

"Are you sure about this, John?" she asked me as I climbed from the Lightning.

I nodded. " Yeah, I'm sure, come on."

"Wait," she said, grabbing my hand. " Won't your Mom throw you out?"

"Aleida, look, I love-" I said, but stopped short of saying it. She, however, heard what I didn't say and her mouth hit the ground. I tried to continue. " I care about you, Aleida. I'll take care of you, okay?"

She nodded.

"Then let's go," I said, leading her inside.

The shit hit the fan when we got inside. My mother screamed at me until she was blue in the face. She accused me of being irresponsible, immature, reckless and bound for failure. I stood my ground, while Aleida cowered behind me, her hand clasped tightly around mine. I looked over at my father and he nodded at me, remaining neutral.

So I laid it out for my mother and made her see the light of day. That argument that night went down in history as one of my greatest accomplishments ever. Finally, she agreed by throwing up her hands in defeat and leaving the room. Eventually she and Aleida would get along famously.

From then on, Aleida and I were living together. It was a surreal feeling for me. The two of us would go to bed together, sometimes we made love, sometimes not, most of the time we did. We'd get up in the morning, take a shower together, but that's a story for another time, and go to school together some times, other times we didn't. Basically, it was like a dream living with Aleida.

I graduated in May. Aleida was a junior so she had another year to go before graduation. I sat through the ceremony at the stadium, my eyes glued to Aleida where she sat with my parents and the rest of my family. She smiled at me, her angelic face framed by that long blonde hair, her eyes sparkling. It made me happy to be alive actually, knowing that I had her in my life.

After the ceremony, she ran through the crowd into my arms. We kissed passionately while my friends gave a shout of approval around us. The story of what I had done to Aleida's landlord had circulated around campus like a wildfire, thanks to her roommates. The whole ordeal had made me quite famous and the story of the two of us had become somewhat of a fairy tale.

We drove home together, Aleida cuddled up against me. When we got home a few hours later, after a stop off at one of my friend's places for a few drinks, the driveway was filled to overflowing with cars and trucks. It didn't take me long to figure out what was going on. I looked over at Aleida and she was looking at me with a smile on her face.

"What is this?" I asked.

She shrugged. " You said you didn't want a party, but your mother and I both know that when you say something like that it means you really do want it."

I reached under her arm and tickled her. She squealed and writhed under my touch as I parked the growling Lightning in front of the garage. A large group of my friends trotted around the fence separating the backyard from the driveway. They yelled and gave me the high sign, holding up beers in a mock salute.

"They want the pipes," Aleida said, nodding to my friends.

I looked down at her. She had picked up the hot rod terminology from my friends and I, rather quickly. I relented to her request and revved the engine, my friends hollering in delight at the sound of the supercharger compressing all eight cylinders under the hood. Aleida was laughing as I shut off the engine and we climbed from the truck.

My friends, most of them from high school and before, met me with hugs and handshakes. I couldn't believe they had all shown up, they admitted to me that Aleida had tracked them all down. I pulled her to me, and she placed her hand on my stomach, the touch warming and my friends all groaned good-naturedly as we kissed.

We all laughed and walked into the backyard where my parents and brother were waiting. Behind them was the rest of my family: aunts, uncles, cousins and extended family, they were the reasons I didn't want to have a party in the first place. Taking a deep breath I began to make the rounds, accepting hugs and congratulations from people I had known all my life.

I looked over the shoulder of one of my mother's cousins who was droning on and on about my future. I saw Aleida laughing and joking with my friends, taking a sip from a bottle of beer every now and then. My mother went up to her and said something into her ear. Aleida nodded and disappeared with my Mom inside the house. Within a minute she was walking back out with a tray of appetizers.

I didn't appreciate my mother asking her to do something like that, but decided to curb my temper for the time being. Smiling at my Mom's cousin, I wished her well then continued wandering through the crowd. Within a few minutes I began to pick up on pieces of conversation that seemed to be about me and Aleida. I ignored these for the time being until I heard one particular comment.

"Well his mother told me that the girl just threw herself at him because she was getting thrown out of her apartment. You know she just stopped paying her rent."

I turned around, facing the source of the comment. It was my aunt, my mother's sister. The woman had always been a real bitch, but for some reason she had been invited anyway. 

"So I guess that makes you the fucking expert, huh, Aunt Kathy?" I said, my voice louder than I had originally intended it to be.

Her mouth almost hit the ground. " How dare you speak to me like that, John. When I tell your mother-"

"Tell her," I said. " I'm not a little kid. You don't have any right talking about my girlfriend like that. You've always known everything except the truth," I said, then turned and walked away.

I took the tray of appetizers from Aleida and led her and my friends into the garage where we had our own party. We spent the night reliving tales of our past, some of our more famous exploits, much to the delight of Aleida, who by the end of the night was sore from laughing so hard. We had a lot of fun that night and by the close of the party Aleida and I were sad to see everyone leave, but we had a celebration of our own to attend to.

I waited downstairs, according to Aleida's instructions, pacing the floor with an anticipation that was driving me insane. I could hear her taking a shower upstairs, blow drying her hair and then moving into our bedroom where she made herself busy for quite awhile. After what felt like an eternity, I heard her voice beckoning me from upstairs.
