 This is by far the longest story I've ever written and therefore the greatest challenge I've ever given my editor 'larryinseattle' yet as always he's taken a rough stone and turned it into a gem. 

***** 

"Shit, shit, shit," Kevin muttered, exasperated, as he realized that the project he'd been working on for over an hour still wasn't going to work. His professor had warned everyone in the class that the project would take some 'creative thinking' but no matter what he tried he still couldn't figure it out. Frustrated, he stared at the paperwork and computations, not even hearing the waitress until she was standing next to his table. 

"Is there something wrong, sir?" 

"NO!! Just leave me alo...," he began to say, taking out his frustrations on her, until he looked up into the most brilliant pair of blue eyes he'd ever seen. 

"I ... mmmmm ... no ... I mean, yes ... actually I'm not sure what I mean," he stuttered and then laughed. "I've been working on this project for a week and I just can't find the answer. Anyway, I'm really sorry for blowing up at you, it's not your fault. It's just that it's worth 40% of my grade and it's due tomorrow." 

The woman stared at him for a few seconds before asking, "Which class?" 

"The Masters Program for Planning and Architecture." 

"Professor Jensen or Doctor Abrams?" 

"Abrams," he answered, intrigued that she'd know the name of both the instructors. 

"Let me take a look," she said as she moved closer. 

The world around him seemed to shrink until the only thing left was her, as he felt her body lightly brush against his. "Who is she?" he asked himself. 

As if hearing his question, she extended her hand to introduce herself. "Hi, I'm Tanya." 

"Kevin." 

"So, you're an architecture student?" 

"Yes and no. My family owns a construction business and my dad thought this class would be a good idea." 

"Your dad decided?" she asked, just the slightest hint of curiosity and intrigue hidden in the question. 

"Yeah, my dad," he replied, defensively. 

The corners of her mouth quickly lifted in a smile. "I'm glad I'm not the only one." 

The questioning look on his face was all she needed to continue, "My mom helps me decide which classes I should take." 

"Ahhhhh, so what's your major?" he asked, totally forgetting the project in front of him. 

"Urban Planning with a minor in Structural Design." 

"Wow, that's a pretty heavy load." 

"It can be but I'm doing okay. Now what's the problem you're working on?" 

Brought back to the present by her comment, he looked back down at the paperwork spread across the table in front of him and started explaining. "I have three historic buildings that need to be moved from their present location and put onto a new plot of land. I have a limited budget and only a few weeks to complete the proposed move or the buildings will be destroyed. My problem is that no matter which building I start with there's never enough space to have all the building fit onto the new lot and still meet building codes." 

"I've seen a couple of people in here this week puzzling this one out," she said, a impish glimmer in her eyes. "Are you a Star Trek fan by any chance?" 

"Isn't just about everyone?" 

"So you know about the 'Kobayashi Maru' scenario?" 

"You mean the 'no-win' scenario?" 

"Yep, yet Kirk won, didn't he?" 

"Well yeah. He changed the programming of the scenario." 

"A better way is to think that he went outside the box," she replied, stressing the last three words. 

"Outside the box," he repeated as he looked at the drawings. Suddenly, he began to rummage through the stacks and stacks of papers in front of him until he found the original paperwork from the class. Looking closer, he saw the answer to his problem right in front of him. He quickly scribbled down some notes before looking to thank Tanya but she had already left and was taking care of people at another table. 

Two hours later, he was done. He'd calculated the cost to move the buildings from their original location to the new site and deducted that from his budget. The remaining money was just enough to buy a small lot adjoining the original property that provided the additional space needed for all three buildings. "Yesssssssss," he whispered in triumph as he picked up all his papers and slid them into his backpack. Then, finishing his coffee, he headed out but stopped just before reaching the door, thinking of something he'd almost forgotten. He spun on his heels and almost knocked her over because she was so close behind him. "Thanks Tanya." 

"No problem. Come back if you need any more help," she replied. 

He returned three days later, the paper she'd helped him with in his hand. "We did it!!" he exclaimed when she saw her. "Doctor Abrams even used it as an example of how you need to be flexible even in such rigid sciences as math and Architecture," he babbled as he swept her up in his arms and leaned over to kiss her on the cheek. 

She felt what was coming and shifted just slightly so when his lips came down they landed on hers. The feeling startled both of them yet neither pulled away. When their kiss finally broke, the coffee shop had become silent, whether from the sight of them kissing, the intensity of the kiss, or maybe how long they had stood there in the embrace, neither knew. 

When she slowly pulled away, she sighed breathlessly, "I'm glad to hear that. Now let me get back to work before the whole world starts to stare at us." 

Reluctantly, he released her. 

She turned and took two steps before looking back over her shoulder at him. "If you want to walk me to my apartment after work, be here at 8 o'clock." 

And so began their friendship. In the beginning, he'd stop by to talk and ask her for help every couple of days but soon he was stopping by almost daily. He'd walk her to her apartment and they'd talk about everything; classes, their plans for the future, their past, and their families. Sometimes he'd come upstairs and they'd cuddle and kiss while watching TV but nothing more than that until about 4 months after they'd met. 

That evening was warm and "Spring" was in the air. The delicate aroma of flowers and tree blossoms was everywhere. 

"So do you want to come upstairs for a few minutes?" she asked. 

"Sure." 

Entering the building, they quickly took the stairs two at a time until they stood at her doorway. Surprisingly, she seemed nervous and fumbled getting the key in the lock. 

"Let me help," he said as he gently took the keys from her and unlocked the door. The moment he opened it, he 'felt' something different. There was something he just couldn't put his finger on and it was causing a shiver to run up and down his back. 

"Is everything okay?" 

"Yeah, just ... I don't know ..." 

"Well, I need to pee and get out of this uniform," she chuckled. "Some guy knocked into me just before you got there tonight and I spilled coffee ... and well, let's just say I'm not very comfortable right now," she continued. 

Maybe it was the 'something different' or maybe it was the Springtime air but when she slid past him, his senses went into overload. He could feel the warmth of her body as it brushed against him and the lingering smell of coffee. Her golden-blonde hair seemed almost blinding even in the dim light filtering through her windows and the 'click, click, click' of the mid-height heels that her boss demanded as part of her uniform sent tremors through him like vibrations after a clap of thunder. 

She immediately went into the bathroom, leaving the door open just a crack so they could talk. "So anything new with your classes?" 

"Nah. Same old, same old. I'm pulling 'A's and B's' in all my major classes and the rest I'm pretty much done with. In fact, I finished the 3D project we talked about last night after I left here." 

"That's great. That means you'll have some time to help me with a project of mine." 

"What kind of project?" he called out. 

"It's a math problem," she called back. 

"Sure, it's the least I can do after all the help you've given me," he said as he looked out the window at the beautiful sunset. He didn't even hear the bathroom door open and was slightly startled when he heard a soft "Ahem," from behind him. 

When he turned from the window, the sight before him caused him to stumble and fall into the chair behind him. She stood in the doorway, her hair hanging loosely over her shoulders, highlighted by the setting sun. Her blue eyes seemed to reflect some inner light as they twinkled. She wore ruby-red lipstick almost like a poster girl from the past that pleaded to be kissed. All she was wearing were black thong panties, a sheer full-length black robe, and black 4-inch high heels. Though the robe teased and blurred, it actually hid nothing and he could see that her olive-toned skin was tanned with barely a hint of tan-lines. For a second, he wondered where she had found a place to sunbathe or if her tan was from the tanning machines on campus. 

Then, his eyes were naturally drawn to her large tear-drop shaped breasts as they rose and fell as she walked towards him. Her nipples grew larger and fuller as the cool evening air hit them. Her nipples were surrounded by areola the size of a half-dollars which darkened with each passing moment. As he gazed lower, he saw her body smoothly flowed to a narrow waist before widening at her hips and then down to her long, toned legs. 

"So, you like what you see?" she whispered as she walked towards him. 

"I'd have to be dead not to," he replied. 

"I'm glad," she sighed, as she stood over him. "You see, this is part of the 'math problem' I was telling you about." 

"Wha ...?" he questioned. 

"A girlfriend and I were joking that there's a mathematical equation for just about everything in life. She said there wasn't an equation for sex and I insisted there was. She dared me to prove it and I said I would." 

The closeness of her body was already having an effect on him and he felt a lump begin to grow in the front of his pants. "So what's your 'equation'?" he stuttered. 

She leaned down, causing the robe to open and her womanly orbs to hang before him. When she moved still closer, her breasts lightly touching his lips. "The angle of the dangle is directly proportional to the heat of the meat if the mass of the ass stays constant," she whispered, sensuously into his ear, as her hand dropped into his lap. Her fingertips glided over the front of his pants. 

"At the moment, I'd definitely agree," he croaked. 

"You're sure? I mean, don't you think we should investigate the premise before coming to such a hasty decision?" she purred as she knelt on the couch, straddling him, while she locked her arms behind his neck and drawing him closer.  

"It's always best to test a hypothesis." 

"My thought exactly," she finished as she brought her lips to his. 

His left hand slid around her back, lightly caressing her through her robe while he used his right hand to tilt her head down to his lips. Softly, slowly, he began to kiss her, probing between her lips with the tip of his tongue. Gently, his tongue pressed forward and, finding entry, explored her mouth. 

A shiver ran through them when her tongue returned the favor. The kiss became more passionate and he felt her squeeze his legs between her hips. It took every ounce of will-power not to flip her over and make love to her right there on the couch. Their breath mingled, as their bodies pressed against each other. 

"Wow," she sighed, breathlessly, as she pulled away. "I had no idea." 

"Neither did I," he groaned, "but I think we need to try that again." 

"Me, too." 

He cupped her face in his palms and pulled her back to his lips, kissing and nibbling on her lower lip, before sucking her tongue into his mouth. Then lowering his head, he kissed around the side of her cheek, down her jaw and ending just below her ear. He stuck the tip of his tongue out , playfully teasing her ear, before gently sucking on her earlobe. Time stood still as his lips moved from one area to another tantalizing them with kisses and small 'love-bites'. It wasn't until he reached the nape of her neck that he stopped and nibbled on the soft, sensitive skin before sucking on it until a small darkened spot appeared. 

Her body arched as she felt him sucking on her neck leaving a small 'hickie', marking her as his. Her arms naturally wrapped tighter around his neck to pull him closer as his hands roamed over her body. When he found the fullness of her ass cheeks, he grabbed a handful of the globes in each hand and pulled her against his groin. For the first time they became aware of his hard cock pressing against the front of his pants and the sheer material covering her pussy. Moans escaped her as she kissed harder in the changing light of the sunset until she slowly pulled away once again. 

"Oh gawd, Kev. I've wanted this for so long." Then she asked in a low, raspy voice, "Why haven't we ever kissed like this before? 

"Why haven't we done a lot of things before?" he replied as he slid his left hand from her back, around the front to cup her large breast in it. 

"34D's," she whispered in his ear as she pressed herself against his hand. "I take after my mother." 

"I'm definitely going to enjoy meeting your mother then," he whispered in return as he tenderly kissed and licked her neck. 

"Ohhhhhhh, you're good at this." 

"I'm good at a lot of things," he replied as he lifted her tit, latching onto one of the large, distended erect nipples with his mouth and sucked and licked it. 

Her only answer was to arch her back, forcing more of her nipple into his mouth as tiny bursts of electricity worked their way down her stomach, heading for her pussy. 

Instinctively, he took her other fleshy globe in his hand, gently caressing the outer edge. Her breasts were larger than any other woman he'd ever been with, yet the skin was soft and warm. Slowly, he traced under her tit and then up between her cleavage. 

"Mmmmmmmm. You're getting me so turned on, Kev. My panties are already soaked." 

He released his hold on her nipple and ran his finger up between her tits. He continued by tracing his fingertip over and to the back of her neck, along her shoulder and down along the outside of her breast. He did this over and over again, switching each time so it was like he was drawing a giant figure-eight on her chest. He watched in amazement as her nipples grew even larger and firmer and her areolas darkened. It was if they were begging to be kissed and sucked on once again. Instead, he took one of her large, firm globes in each hand and squeezed, while pinching a nipple between his thumb and forefinger. 

Her head flew back and a soft, high-pitched scream filled the air. Her hands wrapped around his, holding them tightly against her chest as her body trembled. "So good. So fucking good," she mumbled. Not wanting to let the moment pass, he took a nipple between the thumb and index finger of each hand and squeezed. Once again, her head flew backwards, this time screaming louder, "AAAAEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIII," as her orgasm coursed through her. Afterwards, she collapsed against his chest. 

The room fell silent, the only sound being her deep, gasping breath until she muttered, "Never ... never had that happen before. It ... mmmmmm ... I guess I'd have to say it hurt ... at least in the beginning then all of a sudden I felt a thrill running from my nipples down to my pussy." 

"I guess this will feel even better than," he said as he lowered his head to her distended nipple. He kissed it almost as if he were kissing her lips, softly and gently. Then just as he'd done when kissing her lips, he stuck his tongue out, tracing small circles across her hypersensitive skin. 

The feel of his breath sent shivers up and down her spine. She knew, without a doubt, that she going to cum again if she didn't do something but he never gave her a chance. It was like he was reading her mind as he lowered his lips to her nipple and sucked it into his mouth. It was so warm and his tongue felt like velvet running across the nub. She knew there was no stopping what was about to happen. She felt her pussy begin to quiver and her body felt like it was on fire as she came and came and came, the only sound escaping from between her clenched teeth was a low, primal groan. 

As she spiraled into oblivion, he slid his hand from her hip to the junction between her legs. He was only mildly surprised to find the thin material of her thong was already wet, as were the front of his pants, when he slid his hand across her lust-swollen pussy lips. 

"I hope this feels just as good," he said. 

"Ahhhhhhhh, what ... are ... you ... doing ... to ...me?" she chanted as she rocked against his hand to help slide his finger across her engorged clit. "So good ... so good ... so good," she continued to sigh as she felt her body being held on an orgasmic plateau. 

He held her in his arms as she floated in pleasure, tenderly caressing her back and shoulders. After what seemed an eternity, he heard her whisper into his ear. 

"I want to suck your cock ... but not now ... maybe later. Want your cock in me. Want to feel it deep in me." Then as an afterthought she continued, "Need to prove the theory." 

"Of course, we MUST proceed in the name of mathematics," he joked. 

Without getting up from his lap, together they quickly pulled his pants down to expose his long, hard shaft. Instantly, he felt her pull her thong out of the way as she wrapped her other hand around his cock, rubbing it along the length of her slit. "Mmmmmmmm," she moaned softly. "This feels so good. I've fantasized about this for months and tonight ... no more dreaming. Tonight it becomes a reality," she finished as she began to lower herself onto his cock. 

Instinctively, his hands wrapped around her waist. 

"Ohmigod," she sighed. "So big. Never expected it to be so big." 

When he looked down, he saw that she barely had the head of his cock buried between her nether lips and though he blushed at the compliment, he knew that his cock was not nearly that large. 

"Or maybe it's that my pussy is that small," she said softly. 

When he looked up into her eyes, he saw a tear running down over her cheek. "I don't understand," he said. "I thought ...," but she cut him off before he continued. 

Slowly, she lifted her pussy from his cock and then sat down with it nestled between her outer lips. "I ... ummmm ... I've only had a few lovers before ... well actually only two," she blurted out. 

Shocked, he sat looking at her a long time before replying. "With your looks and the way you acted I thought you'd have had your pick of boyfriends and lovers." 

"Actually, I did. That is until they saw my mother. One look at her and WHAM they were gone. Of course it didn't hurt that she likes younger men. So, I usually found a guy, went out on a few dates, even got 'feisty' a couple of times but then they saw her and POOF." 

"What about the two lovers you were talking about? Didn't those guys ..." but once again she stopped him with a finger on his lips. 

"I never said my lovers were guys." 

He understood but still he asked, "So your lovers were women?" 

"Yes." 

"Who?" he asked though he doubted she'd answer. 

She hesitated. "The first was a professor here on campus. I won't say more because it could ruin her reputation and ... her marriage. The second was Anna. She's the Norwegian girl who works at the coffee shop." 

"So how ...?" 

"It's not like I planned it or anything. In the case of the professor, it just kinda happened. I was working on a project and she helped me. One thing led to another and ..." she left the rest unfinished. "With Anna it was different. She and I were attracted to each other from the moment we met. We found that we had a lot in common and spent a lot of time going to movies, restaurants, biking, you name it. Then one night we got caught in a storm on the way back to campus from the library. By time we got back here we were both soaked. It seemed like the most natural thing in the world as we helped each other strip off our wet clothes." She stopped and closed her eyes as if remembering something. "Her skin is as white as cream and her eyes are the color of chocolate. Her breasts aren't nearly as large as mine but ohhhhhhh they're soooooo sensitive. The next thing I knew we were in bed together. We got together a couple of times a week until just after I met you." 
