 I could almost walk normally Tuesday, which was helpful considering I had a meeting with my bosses and their bosses, and I already limped enough without having a swollen bruised dick in my pants. My job was physical labor first and helping customers second, showing my bosses that I was sore as hell and barely able to walk was like asking for less hours.

The meeting was boring as usual. Don't get me wrong, I loved being paid for sitting in an air conditioned office while my regional manager's cute Asian secretary brought me drinks, but while everyone else talked about quarterly finances and what products went to which store, I was just trying to stay awake and keep my eyes out of my superiors' cleavage.

My direct supervisor, Bridget, sat to my right in a white V-neck cut so low that it left little to the imagination of what her pale pink b-cup bra with the little bow in the center looked like. She was in her late 20's, with long straight dishwater blond hair, a stern face that looked like it rarely saw a grin, and a long toned body that at first glance looked to be made of nothing but tanned muscle.

Across the corner from her sat Maria, the next link in the chain of command, who was probably a year or two younger, with wildly curly dark brown hair and more than a few more pounds on her short frame. The polo she had stretched over her sizable chest was completely unbuttoned and I couldn't help but notice how much her breasts shook when she talked.

It was hard not to get hard when even our district manager, a woman easily in her 40's, decided a sheer white blouse with most of the buttons undone was a good thing to wear to a meeting. I excused myself quietly when attention became centered on another district, at least if I could make it to a bathroom to adjust myself I could almost be comfortable while listening to talk that I had no interest or input in.

As I was leaving the restroom with a readjusted semi-erection, I nearly ran into the secretary that had been partially responsible for the trip there in the first place. "Oh, sorry." I smiled and attempted to step around her. I still grazed against her in the narrow hallway and took in a deep breath of her perfume; it smelled like pastries and with not-so subtle hints of rosemary.

She smiled and I couldn't help but notice how her nose wrinkled up and her large nearly black eyes squinted when she did. "Just had to get out for a second, huh?" she asked after we passed one another.

I turned and gestured toward the men's room. "Yeah, bathroom break." I took a moment to drink her in while I pointed. She was around 5'6(boosted somewhat by her heels), with a round face framed by shoulder length black hair with auburn highlights. The black slacks and dark blue blouse she wore did little to hide her curves. By the time my quick tour of her body was over I noticed she had started one of her own on me, but stopped just around my belt buckle. I cleared my throat softly and did my best not to blush. Her attention snapped back to my face and she grinned sheepishly and blushed herself. "Hey, it happens." I shrugged.

She rolled her eyes and smiled more. "I understand, really." She waved dismissively towards the office we had both just left and continued. "I think sometimes Clark only hires women who like to show their tits off." She said gesturing to her own swollen bouncing chest.

I thought for a second and decided she might be right. All of the managers were women, and most of them were bearing at least a little cleavage during the meeting. "You might be on to something there." I agreed and we shared a quick laugh, which led into a not-quite awkward silence. "I'm Jeremy, by the way." I said and offered my hand. 

She took it gently and answered "Iris." And before I could get anything else out of my mouth she added "And I'm not going to go out with you. Sorry."

I limply dropped her hand and shrugged. "Well, if that's out of the way, I'm going back to the meeting." I told her and spun on my heel to return to being bored, and rejected. I quietly sat back down and attempted to pay attention. It wasn't long before I was daydreaming about Linzy, and planning my date with Mary the next night, neither of which were helping the bulge I at least had the table covering. Toward the end of the meeting, Bridget slid me a post-it telling me she needed to talk to me as soon as it was over. "So, what's up?" I asked her when everyone started filing out.

Bridget smiled at me, which concerned me more than if she had just kept her usual stone face, and pulled her laptop from its carrying case. "We need to talk about some of the things you've been doing at the Columbia store." She must've noticed my concern and pulled my chair closer to hers. "Relax," she told me and patted my arm while the laptop started up. "You aren't in trouble." She started sifting through a few computer folders as she spoke. "See, I'm pretty good friends with the security guys in that store, so I stopped this from going any further. At least this time I did."

Finally she found what she was looking for; two video files. Bridget started the first one and I knew what the second one was without having to see it. On her laptop's screen, from four different angles, I watched as I picked Shard up and pushed her against her car. We were still for a few moments, and then my hips started thrusting. "So... Am I fired?" I finally asked after watching Shard drop to her knees to swallow my cum.

Bridget smirked at me. "What, you don't want to watch the other movie?"

"Uh, let me guess," I retorted sarcastically "It stars a really skinny brunette and takes place behind the greenhouse on a stack of pallets?" Hell if I was going to be fired, I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of appearing too worried about it.

She nodded and closed her laptop. "Like I said, you aren't in trouble." She repeated, then added "Yet." She stood and circled my chair slowly. "Maria and the store managers haven't seen the tapes." She explained from behind me, placing her hands on my shoulders. "If they did, though, you'd definitely be out of a job."

"So you're blackmailing me?" I asked over my shoulder. "Bridget, you make twice what I do," I snorted as he hands started to slip off my shoulders "I think you might be barking up the wrong tree if you're expecting very much."

It was then that I noticed her hands had traveled down my chest and were heading for my pants. "Oh, Jeremy, it's not your money I want." Bridget chided, her face next to mine, nearly pressing into mine. One of her hands wrapped around my belt and held it up for the other hand to slid into my pants. "I saw the way those girls acted with you." She said, grasping my cock through my boxers. "I want you to do the same thing to me." She told me and slowly, forcefully rubbed me through the thin fabric of my underwear.

I turned from watching her hands to look her in the face. "Here?" I asked, not fully on board with the idea, but not wanting to lose my income. Besides, she was hot and had my dick in her fist already.

"Why not?" she shrugged. "You don't seem to have a problem worrying about getting caught at Lowe's." She pulled her hands away from my pants and circled my chair to sit on the desk in front of me with her long tan legs open. Bridget ran her hands up from her knees and across her nearly-too-short khaki shorts. As she was undoing the butterfly buttons on her shorts, I stood and closed the small gap between us. I ran my hands up her sides, under her shirt, to cup her breasts through her bra. She lifted her ass from the table and quickly shoved her shorts to the floor before pulling me against her and starting to grind her bare crotch against my zipper.

I felt her fingers pulling at my belt and my pants and nearly laughed at her eagerness. "No foreplay?" I prodded and pinched one small hard nipple that I'd managed to coax out of her bra.

She fished my cock out of my boxers and yanked it up against her bald pussy. "No time." Bridget said in a hushed voice and wiggled her hips as well as her wrist until the head popped past her dripping doorway. "Fuck me." She gasped as I sunk into her a few inches. She was tighter than I'd imagined, and the heat flowing around the head made me want to take my time getting her off. I pushed the rest of the way in slowly, just to tease her and relish her juicy insides, and was answered with her fingernails digging into my scalp. "FUCK ME." She barked and jerked her hips up roughly.

"Fine." I growled and moved my hands to her shoulders, gripping tightly before I started pounding into her cunt. She came quickly, clenching her eyes shut and biting her lip to keep from screaming as her tunnel clinched around my dick and tried to pull it back in as I pulled away. As I was fucking her I felt fingernails dig into my shoulders. "Hey, don't leave any marks." I whined and pulled Bridget's hands away from my arms. "I have a date tomorrow with the chick in the second video." She was content to hold herself to me, rubbing my back as I kept shoving my cock into her, until her pussy started to convulse around me again. When her orgasm started, her nails sunk into my skin again. "Hey, I said-" I tried telling her just before she bit me on the neck. "Oh fuck it." I said and threw her back on the table, holding her there with a hand pressed into her chest as my dick hollowed her out again and again.

Bridget seemed determined to leave her mark on me, as even pressed into the table getting fucked, she wrapped her hands around my wrist and dug her nails in. Her pussy clenching and sucking on my cock was quickly bringing me to the edge. During one rather hard contraction around my shaft, I pulled out of her cunt – my cock followed by a gush of her cream- and ran my cock along her slit as I started shooting cum across her belly.

She was still writhing in pleasure and released my wrist to reach for and press my pole against her clit as I shot more jizz on her abs and hands. She kept rubbing my greased up cock against her slit while we caught our breath until we heard the sharp sounds of high-heels heading for the office door. Bridget shoved me off of her and dove under the table with her shorts as I shoved my dick back in my pants, zipping them up just before the door swung open. 

"Oh thank god." It was Iris. "I thought I'd be stranded here." she said, obviously relieved. "My car won't start, and my phone is dead." She explained. "I came back up here to use the phone, but I don't know many people who live close by." She stepped fully into the room, and I moved to try and block her view of Bridget under the table.

"So you need a ride?" I asked loudly, stepping towards her when Iris started moving to a position that would give her a nice view of Bridget tugging her clothes on. She nodded and I motioned towards the door. "Let's go then; it's getting late." I said and hurried her towards the elevators.

After sending Linzy a text about where I was headed, and as we were riding down to the parking lot, I caught Iris looking at me; more specifically looking at my crotch. She smiled when she knew she was caught. "Just noticing that your problem got taken care of." She said before I could ask.

"Problem?" I wondered aloud before remembering she saw me outside the restroom earlier with an erection pressing against my pants. "Oh!" I almost laughed. "Yeah... Well, you can't expect it to just stand around forever." I tried to explain as we hit the bottom floor and were greeted with the garage. I led her to my Jeep and opened the door for her, trying not smile too wide when she called me a gentleman.

As she started to give me directions I realized she actually lived in a neighborhood I had spent a few years of my early childhood in, and lapsed into my own thoughts about everything that was happening in my life and worrying about them spinning out of control. "So maybe I was a little hasty earlier." I heard out of the passenger seat as I turned down Iris's street. I glanced at her sideways with a raised eyebrow, and she went on, "When I said I wouldn't go out with you, I didn't even give you a chance."

I shook my head with a smile. "It's really not that big of a deal." I admitted, not sure if I could even handle another woman in my life right then. "I just figured you had a boyfriend." I told her, pulling into a cul-de-sac she shared with three neighbors.

Iris grinned as she was pushing buttons on her phone. "I did." She said, and dropped her phone back into her purse. "Emphasis on 'did.' He decided that sitting at home and playing Madden with his brother was more important than coming to pick me up, so I'm single now." She explained, shrugging and letting her hands slap down on her thighs.

I couldn't help but notice her tits bounce under her blouse as her hands struck her legs. "He sounds like a jerk." I commented as they finished their jiggle. I drug my eyes off of her chest with a cough and pointed to the house "This is you, right?"

She nodded, "Yeah..." and looked into her purse for a second. "I don't have any cash on me." Iris said, snapping her bag closed. "Come on inside, and I'll give you something for gas money." I tried to protest, saying it wasn't a big deal, but Iris's hand found its way to my thigh, with her fingers dangerously close to my crotch. "I insist." She told me, and drug her hand slowly off my leg before opening her door. I followed her up the sidewalk to a narrow two-story house, and once inside she disappeared upstairs while I waited in her sparsely furnished living room. "Jeremy?" she called down the stairs. "Come up here."

Taking a deep breath, I climbed the stairs, and found my way to the bedroom where Iris was waiting on me with her blouse already unbuttoned and displaying her cleavage smooshed together in a white bra that barely contained its cargo. I leaned against the doorway and smiled at her. "I don't think my jeep runs on tits." I joked. She smirked at me and curled her finger, beckoning me closer while her other hand unbuttoned her slacks.

I approached the bed, pulling off my shirt and unbuckling my belt as I went. By the time I got there, Iris had tossed her blouse in a nearby hamper and her pants were a puddle in the floor next to the bed she was sitting on. She helped my jeans down and I felt my dick spring up from my boxers as I leaned over her and unhooked her bra. She was stroking my shaft with a light touch as she leaned back to kiss me and I kicked my shoes off before pushing her further back on the bed.

I pulled my head away and her tongue from my mouth, moving down to her melon sized boobs and her dark pink nipples to attack them with my mouth. Iris laughed and then moaned as her hands caressed my hair, and my hands were working her white cotton panties down her thighs. I was gently biting on the tip of one of her sand dollar sized nipples when she kicked off her underwear and gave my fingers access to her already moist slit. I had barely started to probe between her fleshy, stubble covered pussy lips when her hand grasped my shoulders and pulled me back up to face her. "Just fuck me." Iris panted.

I nodded and drug the head of my dick down from where it rested twitching on her clit, coating it her liberal wetness before it popped into her with a gasp from both of us. Her thighs rose on my sides and Iris let out a low pitched moan as I pushed the rest of my cock inside her slippery tube, spreading and stretching it. Her pussy was tight and squeezing me, pulling on my rod as I eased away, and clenching around it as I pushed back inside, feeling the head rub against her rear wall.

"More." Iris moaned and her arms circled my shoulders as her ankles locked behind me, squishing her tits to my chest. I ground my hips at her, pushing my dick harder against her cervix and stretching her opening even further. Her chubby cunt slurped and pulled at my cock as I pulled out, and squelched with slick juice as I thrust inside each time. "Oh god! More!" she cried and I felt her pussy seize up. One hand knotted in my hair and the other dug into my skin, and I didn't have the will to tell her not to leave any marks as her cunt sucked and slurped around my pounding away dick.

I drowned out her orgasmic scream with a roughly place kiss, taking her tongue into my mouth as her pussy took my entire dick over and over again and her sweat-drenched breasts slid back and forth between us. She yelled and moaned into my lips while her pussy quaked around the hard invader that gave it so much pleasure. As her heaving chest regained normalcy and her legs went slack, I broke the kiss with a grin. "Get on your knees." I suggested and pulled my cock from her twat and a sad moan from her throat.

She quickly rolled over, propping her ass up in the air with her knees together on the bed. I got behind Iris and gently pushed her shoulders to the blankets before roughly plunging my dick back between her dripping lips. "Ooooh" she groaned as my turgid pole twisted her greased up tunnel in a new direction. I dug my fingers into her waist just above her wide hips and used them as leverage as I pounded Iris's pussy. Her fingers were making fists of her blanket as her groans were quickly evolving into screams and my cock was repeatedly hollowing out her sweetest spot.

The force of my hips slamming against her ass was forcing her knees out from under her, and soon she was pressed against the bed with my dick burrowing between her thighs and into her cunt. Iris no longer moaned, but screamed out of rhythm with my thrusts, thrashing her head and her dark glossy hair back and forth while I fucked her into the mattress. I could feel her pussy quaking and squeezing around my dick, and her legs kicking behind me, and it was all just too much. "I'm gonna cum!" I announced and felt her buck, trying to force me off of her.

Taking the hint, I pulled out and away on shaky legs. Iris barely had time to turn around before the first glob of jizz left a white line across her cheek leading to her ear. The rest went in her mouth as she sucked the head and first few inches between her lips. She stroked the underside of my dick with her tongue and rubbed the shaft with her hand, moaning quietly and sighing through her nose as I filled her mouth with cum. She swallowed without releasing the head, and then slowly let my dick slid loose from her lips before letting it free from her hand. I sunk to the bed and she followed me, laying an arm across my chest. "Better than Bridget, wasn't I?" she quipped minutes later when we had caught our breath.

I looked down at her with a furrowed brow and she laughed. "Oh come on, you didn't really think you and her were that sneaky did you?" She rolled over and propped herself up on an elbow. "I mean, my car really is broke down, and thanks for the ride, but when I went back inside you two were already going at it. It was hot."

"What about your boyfriend?" I asked, worried about another incident like the one with Ricky and Joan.

Iris made a rude noise with her lips and waved her hand dismissively. "I dumped that ass last time my car wouldn't start." She explained. "I saw Bridget's truck in the parking lot and went in to find her, and we already know where that went."

I sighed and flopped back on the bed. When Iris laughed and asked what was wrong , I answered. "Are you going to blackmail me too?"

"No offense, but I probably make twice as much as you." Iris told me with no small sense of glee.

I looked at her and forced myself not to grin. "I meant for sex." I said gesturing towards her sweat covered blankets and our own nakedness.

Iris smiled like she hadn't considered it and shrugged. "Nah." She finally said. "I'm confident enough that I could get back in your pants without threatening you." I shrugged and then nodded, before pulling her close to me for another kiss. 
