 Michelle writhed around on the bed. She was having the sweetest dream. She was dreaming that she was getting her pussy licked. She could feel the tongue moving slowly over her clit, while two fingers sensually pushed inside her. She moaned and tossed her head back and forth as she wiggled her hips. She felt herself being pushed towards wakefulness and moaned. She didn't want to wake up; it was such a nice dream. It actually felt as though someone was licking her cunt, but she knew that wasn't possible.

She felt lips wrap around her clit and whimpered as she lifted her hips towards the hungry mouth. The fingers inside her moved faster and she felt her breathing becoming heavier. She tossed her hips back and forth as she reached down and tangled her fingers in soft hair. Michelle's eyes flew open, she wasn't dreaming, there really was a mouth sucking at her cunt. She whimpered and tossed her head back as the mouth sucked harder at her clit and the fingers started flying in and out of her. 

"What the...? Who?" She stammered even as she humped harder against the face between her legs. She glanced down between her legs and saw a head of dark hair. She smiled and tugged at the head pulling him out of her cunt. "Mark, what are you doing?" She asked breathlessly.

He lifted his head and smiled at her. "Hi baby." He grinned and kissed her stomach.

She pulled away from him and sat back against the headboard, trying to catch her breath. She hadn't cum but she felt like she had run a marathon. Her pussy was still burning with need. Mark pulled himself up onto his knees and sat staring at her with a smile on his lips. She let her eyes drift down over his body and smiled as she realized he was sitting there completely naked. "How did you get in here?" She asked as her breathing slowly returned to normal.

He smiled broader and brushed his hand across her leg, sending shivers through her body. "Your mom let me in; she told me you were still asleep. I asked her if I could wake you up and she just shrugged and went back to reading her book.

Michelle shook her head, "so you decided to come in and attack me." Her breathing had returned to normal and she was trying to glare at him but instead her eyes danced with amusement.

Mark actually managed to look contrite. He looked down at the bed. "I was going to kiss you awake but you looked so hot laying there all naked I couldn't help myself."

Michelle sighed and reached forward and ran her hand over his cheek. "What are you doing here Mark?" She asked softly.

He lifted his eyes and looked at her in all seriousness. He bit his lip and lowered his eyes again. "I wanted to see you. I can't stop thinking about you Michelle. You are in my mind 24 hours a day. I can't work, I can't eat, and I can't sleep." He lifted his eyes to hers once more and she saw the sincerity in them.

She sighed as she felt her heart swell. She hadn't expected it, she hadn't wanted it, she didn't know how to deal with it, but somehow he had wormed his way into her heart. She was in love with him and she had no idea what to do about it. "Oh Mark," she sighed, her voice cracked from emotion and suddenly he was in front of her pulling her into his arms. She wrapped her arms around him and rested her head against his shoulder.

He lightly grabbed her chin and lifted her head. When she was looking at him, he kissed her softly. "I love you Michelle." He said softly.

Michelle's eyes widened and she gasped. "Mark, I...I..." she stammered.

"Shhhhhhh..." He placed his finger against her lips then leaned forward and kissed her once more. He kissed her softly at first then harder as his tongue pressed into her mouth. She moaned and pressed against him as she kissed him back. She sucked at his tongue with her lips and he moaned then slowly pulled away. "Let me make love to you baby." He begged looking at her through heated eyes. "No money, just two people enjoying each other's touch. Let me show you how much I love you."

Michelle felt her body heating up once more at his words and the look of desire in his eyes. She opened her mouth to speak but her throat was so dry, no words would come out so she nodded.

Mark growled and kissed her again, harder and deeper this time as he grabbed her hips and pulled her tight against him until she was once more laying on her back in the middle of the bed. She kissed him back with all the heat and love she felt in her body. She was trying to convey how she felt to him through her motions, instead of through words she couldn't seem to say.

He pulled his lips from hers and slowly started kissing his way down her body. He nipped at her neck gently with his teeth and shivered as she ran her fingers through his hair. "Oh Mark," she sighed as he moved his lips to her breasts. He took one of her nipples between his lips and started sucking on it, wrapping his tongue around it. Michelle mewled and lifted against him as she wrapped her arm around his head and held him tight against her. Mark sucked at her nipple until it was rock hard then he released it and moved over to the other one, giving it the same treatment. Michelle moaned and pressed up against him as she felt her pussy leaking with need. Her body was on fire, but her mind was working overdrive as well.

She tangled her fingers in his hair as she closed her eyes and let her mind wander. She knew what Mark wanted; he never made any secret that he wanted to be with her. He wanted her to give up her life and be with him only. She held him tighter against her as tears stung her eyes. That is what she wanted, she knew that she would never love another man the way she loved him. She almost convinced herself that she could give it up and be with just him when a flash over her mother's face flitted through her mind. She gasped as she realized that she couldn't be selfish. She had to take care of her mother.

Michelle sighed in defeat as her mind was made up. She would give Mark this one time; she would cling to him as much as she could, then she would let him go. She couldn't lead him on, only to hurt him later. The thought of never seeing him again broke her heart but she knew there was no other way.

Mark lifted his head and looked into her troubled eyes. He reached up and wiped a tear away. "Why are you crying baby? Please don't cry." He sighed softly licking away her other tear.

Michelle closed her eyes and fought the heartache running through her. She opened her mouth to tell him what was wrong but she couldn't do it. Instead she grabbed his head and pulled his lips to hers, kissing him hard and pouring all the love she felt for him into that kiss. Mark whimpered and kissed her back, wrapping his arms around her and holding her tight against him. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her stomach; she wiggled beneath him and tightened her hold on him. Mark pulled his lips from hers and looked into her eyes, his breathing ragged. "Tell me what's wrong baby." He said softly caressing her face.

Michelle felt her breath catch in her throat and bit back a sob at the look of tenderness on his face. This was killing her but she needed him one more time before she could let him go. She had to feel him one more time, she needed something to cling to during the long lonely nights. "Make love to me Mark." She said softly, her eyes pleading. "Please."

He sighed and lowered his head down against her chest. He lifted his eyes and looked at her again. "You're not going to tell me what's wrong are you?"

She smiled softly and traced his face with her fingers. She shook her head slowly not taking her eyes from his. He turned his head and kissed her palm. "It kills me to see you in pain." He said softly staring at her with all the love he felt in his heart. 

She traced his face once more then took his face between her hands and kissed him softly. "Just make love to me." She sighed softly.

He searched her eyes trying to discover what was causing the pain but she just looked down. He sighed and lowered his head as he started kissing his way down her body once more. Michelle grabbed his shoulders and clung to them as he slowly made his way down her body. When he was resting between her legs he looked up at her once more. She smiled softly and dug her nails into his shoulders. "Please." She begged softly.

He lowered his head and nuzzled at her pussy lips with his lips. Michelle moaned and lifted against him. When he spread her open and dipped his tongue against her she cried out and dug her nails harder into his shoulders. He licked gently at her clit, loving it with his tongue as he slowly pressed two fingers inside her and started working them in and out. Michelle moaned and pushed her head back into the pillow as she started wiggling around. He wrapped his lips around her clit and started sucking hard at it as he moved his fingers harder inside her.

She moaned louder and started raising her hips against his face as she tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled him tighter against her. "Oh, Oh Mark, oh baby, oh yes." She cried writhing beneath him as he tortured her pussy with his lips and fingers.

He sucked her harder as his fingers flew in and out of her. Michelle cried out as her eyes rolled back in her head and she moaned loudly. "Oh god, I'm cummmmmminnnnnnnggggggg, Mark I love you." She cried as her body spasmed with release. She gasped as what she said sunk in and she looked down at him wide eyed.

Mark lifted his head and looked at her with sparkling eyes. "You love me?" he asked softly slowly pulling his fingers out of her.

"I...I..." She stammered, slowly opening and closing her mouth.

He moved up over her and took her into his arms. "No baby, don't pull back on me now, please."

She lifted her hand and caressed his face. "I...I love you Mark." She said softly.

His eyes sparkled and he kissed her softly. "You have no idea how long I have been praying for you to say those words." He sighed softly.

"I..." She started but he pressed his lips against hers cutting off her words. She melted against him and wrapped her arms around his neck as she kissed him back.

When he pulled his lips away he was smiling. "I love you so much baby." He said softly as he reached down between them and guided his cock into her waiting well.

Michelle moaned as she felt him fill her, and then cried out as he started moving slowly inside her. She tightened her arms around him and clung to him as she lifted against him. Mark nibbled at her neck with his teeth, then sucked at the skin marking her. Michelle shivered as she felt him sucking at her neck. No one had ever marked her before, she wouldn't let them, but with Mark it felt right.

He reached down and grabbed her ass, pulling her tighter against him as he started slicing into her faster and harder, his cock drilling hard inside her. "Ugh, oh yes, fuck me." She purred raking her nails down over his back.

Mark moaned and slammed harder into her. He lifted his head and stared into her passion filled eyes. "God you feel so good baby." He purred locking his lips on hers and kissing her hungrily. She kissed him back hard while her body slammed against his. The bed squeaked under their powerful movements but they were so lost in each other, they didn't notice.

Mark pulled his lips from hers and tipped his head to the side exposing his neck to her. "Mark me baby." He growled fucking her even harder and faster than before.

Michelle was breathing hard and raking her nails down over his back as she was pushed closer and closer to release. At his words she looked at him in surprise, when he smiled she leaned her head forward and locked onto his neck, sucking hard at it. Mark groaned at the pain and pushed against her pulling her tighter against him. "Yeah baby, mark me." He growled slicing harder into her.

Michelle pulled her head back and admired her handiwork. There was a cherry mark on his neck. She leaned forward and ran her tongue over it then squealed as he fucked her even harder and faster than before. "Ugh, fuck me I'm cummmmmminnnnnnngggggg..." She cried clinging to him.

"Oh fuck baby." Mark cried slamming hard into her and letting go. His cum filled her and she purred with pleasure.

Mark collapsed against her, resting his head on her chest. Michelle ran her fingers through his hair and lay back with her eyes closed. She opened them when he started kissing around her collarbone. She opened her eyes and smiled down at him. He lifted his head and looked at her. "Marry me." He said softly.

Michelle's eyes widened and she gasped. "W...what?" She stammered.

Mark pushed himself up on his arms and stared into her eyes. "I love you baby, marry me." He said kissing her softly.

Tears filled her eyes and she closed them. He leaned forward and licked at her tears. "There's no need to cry baby." He cooed softly pulling out of her and rolling over onto his back.

Michelle rolled over on her side and snuggled against his chest, the tears still streaming down her cheeks. "I can't." She sobbed burying her face in his chest.

He looked at her questioningly. "You can't what? Stop crying?"

She lifted her head and looked at him. "I can't marry you." She sobbed.

He cupped her cheeks and wiped her tears away. "Of course you can, we love each other. I can take care of you."

She shook her head. "I love you Mark, I will never love anyone like I love you, but I can't marry you." She went to pull away from him but he wrapped his arms around her holding her tight against him.

"Why not?" He asked searching her eyes. "If it's the money, I've got plenty, I can take care of you. You won't need to sell yourself anymore."

She struggled in his arms trying to pull away but he just tightened his hold on her. He wrapped his arms around her back and clasped them together, holding her tight against him. "Damn't Michelle, talk to me." He growled.

She slumped against him and forced herself to look into his eyes. "Please don't make this any harder than it has to be." She sobbed. "This is already killing me."

He searched her eyes but she just lowered them. He saw the pain in them before she pulled away and he sighed. "If it is killing you to tell me no, then say yes. Marry me Michelle. I love you."

She shook her head as tears continued streaming down her cheeks. "I can't." she sobbed against his chest.

She tried pulling away again and he just tightened his hold on her. "Please let me go." She whimpered pressing against his chest.

He shook his head. "No, not until you talk to me. It's obvious you love me, that you want to be with me, yet you are hurting us both by saying you can't marry me."

She lifted her tear filled eyes to his. "It's not that I don't want to, I do. I want to marry you more than life itself."

Mark slumped back against the bed and let her go. She pushed away from him and knelt beside him making sure she wasn't touching him. He was hurt, he was confused and he was angry. He looked at her as all three emotions showed in his eyes. Michelle saw the pain and cringed as she felt her heart breaking even more. "I'm sorry." She said softly.

He looked at her and sighed again. "Just tell me why." He pleaded.

She wiped her eyes and looked down at her hands clasped together in her lap. "I can't be selfish." She said softly.

He reached out to touch her face and she pulled away, so he dropped his hand back to the bed. "What the hell are you talking about?" He asked angrily.

She looked down at him in surprise. She had never seen him angry and it actually sent a shiver of fear through her. "I have to take care of my mom, she doesn't have much time left. I can't be selfish, I can't leave her."

Mark looked at her as if she had just slapped him across the face. "What fucking kind of man do you think I am Michelle?" he screamed grabbing her arms and shaking her. He was so furious he wanted to beat the living hell out of her for being so stupid. Instead he let her go and sat up pushing his back against the headboard. Michelle looked at him stunned.

"What did I say?" She asked meekly.

Mark closed his eyes and tightened his hands into fists. He clasped them in his lap and took slow even breaths. "Mark?" She asked softly reaching out to touch him.

Mark opened his eyes and looked at her. His look was so ferocious she pulled her hand away and put it in her lap. "If you are smart you will leave me alone for a minute and let me calm down." He snarled.

Michelle jerked back and looked at him fearfully. She knew he was angry at her but she didn't know what she had done. She had just told the truth. She didn't want to hurt him but she had to think of her mother.

Mark took a couple more deep breaths then slowly opened his eyes. "Okay, I'm going to try talking to you without screaming." He said softly. She just nodded afraid to touch him for fear of making him angry again. He reached out and took her hand out of her lap and tangled his fingers with hers as he looked into her eyes. "When I said I can take care of you..." he said slowly watching her. "I meant I can take care of you and your mother. I would never ask you to leave her."

Michelle sucked in her breath and looked at him stunned. "Y...you would take care of my mother?" She asked softly letting her breath out slowly.

He reached up with his free hand and caressed her face. "Of course I would. I know you and her are a packaged deal. She's your family for gods sake."

Michelle shook her head still trying to digest what he said. "B...but she isn't your responsibility."

He sighed, "It doesn't matter. I know where you go, she goes." He let go of her hand and wrapped his arms around her once more pulling her back against his chest. She rested her head on his chest and he kissed her hair. He sighed again then lifted her head. "Listen to me Michelle. I love you, I want to marry you, I want to spend the rest of my life taking care of you and any children we may have." She listened with awe as she looked into his eyes. He cupped her face and kissed her softly. "If that means I take care of your mother too until she passes on then that is what I will do." He caressed her cheek. "Now stop thinking you're being selfish and marry me." He said ruggedly.

"Y...you want to take care of me and my mother?" She asked softly searching his eyes.

He growled as he wrapped his arms around her. "Do I have to shake you again to get through to you that I will do whatever it takes to make you mine?"

She actually smiled and chuckled. "No, I think I got it this time."

He looked at her and growled. "Good."

She leaned down and kissed his chest then lifted her head and looked at him with all the love she felt in her heart. "I'll marry you." She said softly.

He searched her eyes wondering if she was playing a joke on him. "Really?" he asked unsure.

She nodded and pressed against him. "I love you Mark, I don't ever want to be without you." She straddled his hips and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I will marry you, I promise."

He smiled broadly and wrapped his arms around her pulling her tight against him. He kissed her hard, his tongue slicing into her mouth as he showed her how much he loved her with his lips. When she started kissing him back, he moaned and moved her until she was laying on her back with him laying over her. He pushed his cock into her once more and felt her shiver beneath him. "I promise to never make you sorry." He said moving slowly in and out of her.

She lifted against him and smiled. "I know, I don't need anyone else, I just need you." She pulled his lips to hers and kissed him hungrily as he made slow, passionate love to her.

Michelle knew that she didn't need to fight anymore, she found what she had been searching for her entire life. She would marry Mark and he would help her take care of her mother until she passed on. She knew her life was complete now. She would never want for anything again.
