 Eric fucked her three more times during the night and when they woke in the morning he fucked her once more before he finally let her get dressed. Michelle gathered her clothes from the bathroom and started getting dressed while he sat on the edge of the bed and watched her. "You are a beautiful young woman Michelle." He commented softly as she put her shirt on and smoothed it down.

She blushed and walked into the sitting room to grab her boots. She noticed when he followed her and sat at the mini bar. "You have a way of making a girl feel that way." She said blushing as she pulled on her boots.

When she was completely dressed she looked at him. He handed her an envelope, when she opened it she smiled. Inside was $500.00 in hundred dollar bills. "Thank you, last night was fun." She said putting the money in her purse.

Eric stood up and hugged her quickly then kissed her softly. "Come on, I'll give you a ride back to where I picked you up." He pulled on his suit jacket then followed her from the room.

Michelle climbed into the limo and sat back against the seat. She was surprised that when Eric climbed in he sat across from her; it was obvious her night was over and she felt a pang of regret. She pasted a smile on her face during the ride back to the block he had picked her up. She felt the car slow, then stop and she started to reach for the door handle when he caught her hand. She looked up at him. "I want to see you again." He said softly staring into her eyes.

Michelle felt her heart thumping hard against her chest. She licked her dry lips and smiled. "I'm on the avenue every Monday thru Saturday nights. I don't work Sundays."

He nodded and let her open the door. "I'll see you soon then, be safe."

She nodded and climbed out of the car. She waited while it drove away then headed towards home.



Michelle lay back on the couch reading a book. Her mother had already gone to bed, some days she was active and others she wasn't so active. Today was one of the days she wasn't so active so they had pretty much just stayed around the house. They played checkers and Michelle read to her mother and made dinner for them. Michelle loved taking care of her mother; they were all each other had. She had no idea who her father was, just some nameless trick. She hoped when she decided to have children that wasn't the case. As soon as she started hooking she had went to the local clinic and gotten on birth control. Now she just made the johns use condoms to protect from diseases. Although she did get checked out every month just in case.

There was a knock at the door and Michelle looked at her watch, it was a little after 8. "Who can that be?" She wondered out loud as she set her book down on the table by the chair and stood up. Her blue jeans and t-shirt molded to her body as she stretched then walked over to answer the door.

Michelle opened the door and smiled. There were two guys standing there, one she knew as one of her regulars and another guy. She hugged the guy standing just outside the doorway and he pinched her ass. Michelle squealed and looked at him. "What are you doing here Michael? You know I don't work on Sundays."

Michelle had to admit that Michael was a good looking guy, about 5'10", with a slender build and dark brown hair that always seemed to cover one of his eyes making him look like he was wearing a patch over his piercing green eyes. Michael wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her tight against him as he nuzzled her neck with his lips. She had hoped that maybe he would be one of her regulars who wanted more but so far he had just been interested in her in the sex. She looked at the other guy over Michael's shoulder. He was a little taller then Michael with a medium build and dark brown eyes that were appraising her with a smile.

She pulled out of Michael's arms and crossed her arms over her chest. "Well?" She asked with a smile.

Michael smiled at her sheepishly. "I was hoping we could play tonight. It's my birthday and I brought a friend to have some fun with."

Michelle smirked and rolled her eyes. "Hoping to get two for the price of one?" Michael was always trying schemes to get out of paying her regular rates. He had even brought along a dildo one time that he wanted to play with her with and he told her she could keep it if she gave him a discount.

Michael blushed and looked down at the ground. "Well, something like that. He lifted his eyes to meet hers and they were full of mischief. "Come on Michelle, it's my birthday."

Michelle shook her head and sighed. She looked towards the back of the house where her mother's bedroom was. Her mom didn't mind her bringing her work home with her but Michelle usually tried to do it when her mother was still awake. Her mom didn't sleep enough as it was, she usually only slept 4 or 5 hours a night if she was lucky. Michelle looked back at the two men standing on her doorstep; Michael had pushed his lower lip out and was pouting as she looked at him. "Quit pouting," she said sternly.

Michael grinned, "Then say yes."

Again she looked towards the back of the house. "My mom is asleep."

Michael reached up and ran his finger lightly over her cheek. Michelle felt his touch all through her body. "Come on baby, you're not going to turn me down on my birthday are you?"

Michelle sighed, she never could tell him no. There was something about Michael that touched her in places that no other man had ever touched. She thought he would be great as boyfriend material if he was actually interested in that kind of thing. Unfortunately though he wasn't. He told her as much as he liked her he didn't do the boyfriend thing, or the husband thing. He was too much of a free spirit. He didn't want to be tied down to just one woman; he didn't think he ever would. Michelle shook her head and sighed again. She poked Michael in the chest. "You have to be quiet, you wake my mom up and I will kill you."

Michael held his hands up, "we can be quiet." He wrapped his arms around Michelle's waist and pulled her against him once more. "Come on baby, you know I can be a good boy." He nuzzled her neck and Michelle closed her eyes and sighed as pleasure coursed through her body.

"Alright, come on in, before you make me sick with all your mushy stuff." She pulled out of his arms and he grinned. He leaned forward and kissed her softly. "Thanks baby, you don't know what this means to me."

She looked at the other man standing there smiling at her and nodded. "Oh I have some idea." She stepped back so the two men could come into the house then closed the door behind them. She led them through the kitchen towards her bedroom and heard a soft voice call out her name. "Shit." She said stopping just outside her bedroom door. "You guys go on in, I'll be there in a minute." She opened the door to her room then headed towards her mother's room.

"Michelle? Is that you honey?"

Michelle walked into her mother's room. She was sitting up in her bed in the darkness looking at her. "Yes mamma, it's okay, I have to work for a while. Go back to sleep." She stroked her hair and gently pushed her back so she was once again lying down.

Alisha looked at her daughter. "You have to work?" She asked softly.

Michelle nodded and kissed her forehead. "Yes, I told them they have to keep it down so they don't disturb you."

Alisha smiled at her. "Such a sweet girl, willing to work on your day off to take care of me. I wish I could do more." She stroked Michelle's face.

Michelle smiled at her and kissed her hand. "You do enough for me mamma, let me take care of you now." She leaned down and kissed her mother on the forehead then stood back up. "Now get some rest." She fluffed her blanket then smiled and left the room. She headed back towards her bedroom after locking the front door.

When she got to her room both men were sitting on the bed. She walked in and looked at them as she closed the door behind her. "Now, where were we?" She asked with a smile as she walked towards the bed.

The man who had come with Michael stood up and met her halfway. He smiled at her and ran his finger down over her cheek lightly. "Why don't you show us what we're paying for?" He asked with a grin.

Michelle's eyes widened at the electric shock that went through her body at his touch. She smiled softly at him. "Gotta a name honey?" She asked sugary.

He grinned and ran his hand over her neck then moved down over her chest until he came to the bottom of her shirt. He gripped it in his hands and lifted it. Michelle lifted her arms and let him pull her t-shirt over her head. He dropped her shirt on the floor at his feet and cupped her breasts which were still encased in her bra. He pulled the cups down so her breasts were open to his gaze and he licked his lips. "Mark." He said huskily, leaning down and wrapping his tongue around her nipple.

Michelle moaned and tipped her head back as he nursed at her nipple with his lips. He took the small nub between his lips, sucking hard at it as he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her against him. Michelle ran her fingers through his hair as she looked at Michael over his shoulder. He was leaning back on his arm on the bed watching his friend. He had stripped out of his clothes and was slowly stroking his cock. Michelle smiled at him and seductively licked her lips. Michael's eyes widened and he moaned as he watched her. Michelle blew him a kiss then turned back to the man holding her tight against him. He was sucking harder at her nipple as he caressed her jean clad ass with his hands.

"Mmmmmm, that feels good handsome, but wouldn't you be more comfortable if we were both naked and on the bed?" She purred running her fingers through his hair as he pulled at her nipple with his lips.

He just moaned against her and moved his mouth to her other nipple, taking it between his lips and sucking hard as he wrapped his tongue around it. He cupped her ass, pulling her tighter against his lower body and Michelle whimpered as she felt his cock pressing against her. He caressed her ass, then reluctantly let go of her nipple and lifted his head. He looked at her through Smokey eyes, they cupped the back of her head and brought his lips to hers, kissing her hard and deep, his tongue sliding into her willing mouth.

Michelle moaned against his mouth and wrapped her arms up around his neck while she pressed her body hard against his. Mark pulled her even tighter against him as he deepened the kiss. Michael watched them from the bed and smiled. "Hey man, you going to share her or keep her all to yourself?" He grinned as he looked at Michelle and Mark.

Mark broke the kiss but didn't relinquish his hold on her. Michelle was breathing heavy from the power of his kiss and her pussy was leaking with need. Mark looked into her eyes and smiled, as he cupped her ass once more and squeezed it. "I haven't decided yet." He told Michael as he looked at Michelle.

Michelle rested her hands on his chest and looked into his passion filled eyes. "What do you want handsome?" She asked huskily.

Mark smiled and pulled her tighter against him, his cock pressing against her. "I haven't decided on that either." He growled softly. He brought one hand up and cupped her chin, tipping her head back as he captured her lips with his once more. He sliced his tongue into her mouth as he wrapped his arms around her and lifted her against his body. Michelle whimpered against his mouth and kissed him back hard.

Mark slowly pulled away, biting at her lips teasingly with his teeth, then he released her. Michelle clung to his arms as her legs threatened to buckle out from underneath her. She was breathing heavy and her whole body was on fire. "You really know how to show a girl a good time." She grinned.

Mark grinned at her and reaching behind her undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor then reached for the button to her jeans. "Oh I've just barely gotten started little girl." He quipped huskily.

He undid her jeans and pushed them down her legs, following them down until she was able to step out of them and he was on his knees in front of her. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her against him as he drove his face between her legs, biting and licking at the tender flesh. Michelle whimpered and rested her hands on his shoulders as she looked down at him. When he took one of her pussylips between his teeth and bit down gently she squirmed against him. "Why don't we get you naked and go over to the bed?" Michelle asked huskily as his tongue slithered between her pussylips and flicked against her clit making her whimper with need as her nails dug into his shoulders.

"Later," he growled from between her legs as he nipped at her clit with his lips. He licked at her lovingly making her squirm against him. He tightened his arms around her holding her against his mouth as he devoured her sensitive flesh with his lips and tongue. When his tongue slipped inside her she squealed and grabbed a hold of his head holding him tight against her. "Ugh, oh yeah, eat that pussy." She purred pressing tighter against him.

Michael sat on the edge of the bed his eyes glued to the couple in front of him. He wanted to go over and tear Michelle away from his friend and fondle her himself, but he had her before; he knew how good she was in bed. It was Mark's first time with the little hooker, so he decided to bide his time and just wait.

Mark squeezed her ass and pulled at her asscheeks as he worked his tongue over her. His tongue flicking and licking against her clit. When he lowered his head and drove his tongue inside her Michelle whimpered and tangled her fingers in his hair pulling him tighter against her. He worked his tongue in and out of her furiously as Michelle whimpered and pulled on his hair, humping her body against him. She tossed her head back and closed her eyes as she felt him pushing her closer and closer to release. He took one hand off her ass and reached between her legs and grabbed at her clit, pulling and twisting it while he tongue fucked her.

"Oh fuck, you're going to make me cum." Michelle cried as she humped her pussy tighter against his face. Mark went at her harder and deeper, making her squirm against him. "Ugh, yes, make me cum." She begged, her legs were shaking and her hands were tangled in his hair but he didn't let up, he worked her harder and deeper as he pulled her tighter against his face.

Michael watched his friend eating her out with awe. He never bothered to eat her out, he just had her suck on him then fucked her. She was a hooker, she was there for his pleasure, not hers. He knew she got off while he fucked her but he didn't go out of his way to get her off. Now that he was watching his friend tease and work at her he wondered if maybe he shouldn't have taken the time to make her feel good as well. So he was paying her for sex, she was still a human being.

Michelle was in heaven, her legs were shaking as she tried to keep standing but her whole attention was down between her legs. She tossed her head back and moaned as Mark worked her hard with his tongue and fingers. "Ugh, fuck, I'm cummminnnnnggggg..." She squealed her legs giving out and falling to the floor taking Mark down with her.

Michelle landed on her ass with Mark lying on her stomach. He licked at her stomach then lifted his head and smiled. "Never had that happen before." He said with a grin.

Michelle laughed, "me either, sorry about that."

Mark pulled himself to his feet, then reached down and grabbing her hand pulled Michelle to her feet. He grabbed her waist to steady her as her legs were still shaky and he smiled. Mark helped her over to the bed where she sat down on the edge next to Michael and smiled at him. Then she turned her attention back to Mark. He was quickly divesting himself of his clothes and Michelle licked her lips as she watched him.

Michael reached up and cupped her breast, caressing it with his fingers as he leaned over and started biting at her neck gently with his teeth. Michelle moaned and tipped her head to the side giving him better access to her neck. He scooted closer to her and nipped at her flesh as he moved his hand over her breast. He moved his fingers to her nipple and took it between two fingers squeezing and pulling on it. Michelle watched Mark as he quickly stripped out of his clothes but her senses were stuck on the way Michael was touching her. He never did this before and she was surprised at how he was suddenly acting. Mark watched them for a minute then moved over to the bed on her other side. He climbed onto the bed and pushed on her until she was lying back on the bed.

Mark and Michael looked at each other with a smile then attacked her breasts with their mouths. Each man took her nipple between his lips sucking hard at it and Michelle gasped as pleasure coursed through her body. She felt a hand pushing between her legs but wasn't sure whose it was. She spread her legs further apart and moaned as the hand slipped between her pussylips and lightly caressed her clit. Mark lifted his head and smiled down at her. Michelle lowered her eyes and realized it was Michael who had his hand between her legs. She pushed up against his hand and he pushed two fingers inside of her, slowly sawing them in and out. Michelle moaned and closed her eyes as she lifted against him. He sucked harder at her nipple as he slowly fingered her.

Mark watched his friend for a minute, and then he leaned over and captured Michelle's lips with his, his tongue moving in her mouth like Michael's fingers working in her pussy. Michelle moaned against his mouth then whimpered as Michael's fingers worked faster inside her and he started kissing his way down her body. She was in shock, he never acted like this before, but his fingers felt so good. When she felt his weight leave the bed and his fingers leave her she whimpered against Mark's mouth. Mark lifted his lips and looked into her passion filled eyes. "You are a hot one aren't you little girl?" He rasped huskily taking her nipple between his fingers and rolling it around.

Michelle opened her mouth to answer then gasped as she felt Michael's tongue flicking against her clit. She moaned and lifted her hips against his face as he worked his tongue back and forth over her. "Oh yeah, you love having your cunt eaten don't you baby?" Mark grinned and leaned down and took her nipple in his mouth sucking hard at it.

Michelle whimpered and tangled her fingers in his hair, holding him against her breast as she humped her pussy against Michael's face. When Michael took her clit into his mouth and sucked hard at it she just about jumped out of her skin. "Oh...oh god yes." She panted holding tight to Mark's head as he worked his tongue around her nipple sucking hard at it, while Michael drove her crazy between her legs with his tongue. He slid two fingers inside her and started sawing them in and out furiously making her cry out as she humped hard against him.

Mark sucked harder at her nipple, as he used his free hand to caress her other breast, taking her nipple between his fingers and twisting it.

Michelle couldn't believe what was happening, none of the guys she had been with except Eric had taken the time to pleasure her and now she had two men doing it. She kept one hand tangled in Mark's hair, holding him against her breast as she reached down with her free hand and tangled it in Michael's hair holding him tight against her. "Ugh, oh fuck, what are you doing to me?" She panted humping hard against the men's mouths.

Both men sucked harder at her and Michelle felt her body go into overdrive. "Ugh, fuck I'm cummminnnnnggggg..." She squealed as she coated Michael's fingers in her juices. He quickly pulled his fingers free and replaced them with his tongue drilling it hard inside her. Michelle whimpered and clung to him as he continued his sensual torture.
