 Over the next two weeks Mark arrived at her house four times. He always paid her for her services, but he also always made her feel like a princess. A couple of nights he paid her just to talk and that's all they did, they spent most of the night just talking. He even talked to her mom and learned more about her that way. Every time he left, Michelle felt more and more guilty about her job profession but she knew she couldn't just give it up. She didn't have the skills to get a job that paid good enough to take care of her and her mother.

If she didn't have her mom to think about she would give it up in a second, but she wasn't on her own, she had to take care of her mother. So she went to work every night like she always did. The only difference was when she was fucking the guys, she was picturing Mark in her mind's eye. She knew she was in trouble, but had no idea how to fix it.

It was getting colder, the summer nights were waning as Fall approached. She stood on the avenue, looking sexy and watching the cars as they drove by. She thought about saying fuck it and going home, she had a couple of customers but with the weather getting colder, fewer guys were looking for partners. She knew pickings were going to be slow with fall and winter coming, but at the same time she had a small nest egg saved up to get her mother and her through the colder months. She was just hoping she didn't have to break into it.

She looked at her watch, a little after 9. Most of the other girls had already given up for the night, yet here she was, still out freezing trying to score. She sighed and looked towards the street, there were a few cars but they all just drove right past. No one seemed interested in coming out in the chilly weather for a date. She reached into her pocket for her cell phone to call her mom to let her know she was on her way home when a car pulled up against the curb and stopped. Michelle started towards the car then stopped, there was a woman sitting in the passenger seat. Obviously not a guy looking for a date. She grabbed her cell phone and started to pull it out of her pocket when the woman rolled down the window and called to her.

Michelle looked around but there was no one else, just her. She figured the couple was probably lost so she walked slowly towards the car. "You lost?" She asked leaning on the windowsill.

The woman looked at her with a smile. "Um, no...she looked at the man behind the wheel who nodded then turned back to Michelle. "Um, are you working?"

Michelle looked at the woman warily. "Y...yes, depends on what you are looking for."

The man leaned over towards the woman and looked at Michelle with a smile. She guessed the couple was probably in their early to mid thirties and had money, from the way they were dressed. The woman looked at the man again as if she was unsure what to say. The man put his hand on her knee and squeezed it then looked at Michelle. "Why don't you get in and we can talk, its cold out there.

Michelle thought she should turn around and go home, but money was money, so she opened the back door and climbed into the warmth of the car. The man turned around in his seat and smiled at her. "I'm Jerry and this is my wife Tiffany."

Michelle nodded to them. "I'm Michelle." She licked her dry lips and swallowed trying to get moisture into her throat. "Um...what are you looking for?"

Jerry let his eyes drift over Michelle's skirt and half shirt that showed under her jacket that she kept open. He brought his eyes back to her face and his smile widened. "We are looking for someone to play with us." Michelle looked at him wide eyed. "Both of us."

Michelle put her hand on the door handle. "I've never been with a woman before." She said solemnly.

Jerry chuckled. "That's okay, it would primarily be her watching you and I then her playing with you. You might play with her but we don't know for sure yet."

Michelle stared at him. "Um...I don't know."

The woman leaned over and whispered something in the man's ear. He looked at her and she nodded so he turned back to Michelle. "My wife really wants to play with you." He said staring at Michelle.

Michelle held onto the door handle and looked at the man. "I usually don't do couples." She said softly.

The man and woman put their heads towards one another and talked quickly. It seemed the woman was trying to convince the man of something. When she squeezed his arm and said something quickly he smiled and nodded then turned back to Michelle. "We'll pay you $1,000.00 if you'll do it."

Michelle gasped and looked at him wide eyed. "$1,000.00?" She asked stunned.

The man nodded. The woman turned in her seat and was looking at Michelle with heat filled eyes. Michelle licked her lips, she didn't know what to do. Even getting 3 or 4 tricks a night she didn't make that kind of money and it would keep her and her mother going for a few days at the very least. "A...Alright." She said softly letting go of the door handle.

The man smiled and turned back around. "Great, we have a hotel room not far from here. We'll go there."

Michelle sat back in the seat and sighed as the car pulled away from the curb and headed down the road. She had no idea what she was supposed to do with another woman but she had a feeling she was about to find out.

Michelle followed the couple into the hotel room. It was the same hotel she had been in with Eric, the guy from the limo. She took off her jacket and set it on a chair in the sitting room then followed the couple into the bedroom. She stopped beside the bed and looked at them. The man was handsome in a rugged kind of way, his dark brown hair hung down to his collar and he had a beard and mustache that was neatly trimmed. His slender build really filled out his tight jeans and t-shirt he was wearing. The woman was a petite thing with blonde hair and piercing blue eyes that moved over Michelle like she was her last meal. Michelle licked her lips nervously and just watched them.

Jerry walked back into the sitting room and grabbed a chair from beside the small table. He brought the chair back into the bedroom and set it beside the bed. Tiffany looked at it and smiled then started slowly stripping out of her clothes. She had 38D tits that strained against her bra as she slowly took it off. Michelle stared at her breasts and once again licked her lips. For some reason she wanted to suck on the hard flesh.

When Tiffany was naked she moved over to the chair. The pulled it back a little, so she had a perfect view of the bed then sat down and threw one of her legs over the arm and ran her hand lazily over her shaved pussy. Michelle watched her unsure what to do when Jerry walked up to her and cupped her face with his hands. She lifted her eyes to his then closed them as he leaned forward and kissed her softly at first then harder, his tongue slicing into her mouth.

Michelle put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him back, letting her tongue duel with his. When he pulled back her eyes were glowing with need. He ran his hands lightly over her chest and down ot the bottom of her shirt. He grabbed the bottom of her shirt and lifted it. She lifted her arms and let him pull it over her head. He dropped her shirt on the floor then reached behind her and undid her bra letting it fall down her arms and followed the shirt to the floor. Jerry reached up and cupped her breasts, pushing them together and nuzzled his face between them licking and sucking at the sensitive flesh. Michelle tangled her fingers in his hair and tipped her head back as he took one of her nipples into his mouth and sucked hard at it. He squeezed her tits as he sucked at her nipple, wrapping his tongue around the small nub. Michelle moaned and held him tight against her as she closed her eyes.

Jerry moved over to the other nipple and sucked on it as it hardened in his mouth. When both nipples were hard little rocks and covered in his saliva he pulled his mouth away and wrapped his arms around Michelle pulling her close as he nipped at her neck with his teeth. He reached between their bodies and grabbed at her skirt, he pulled it open then let it slide down her legs to the floor. Michelle stood there naked as he stepped back and looked at her. "Beautiful, isn't she honey?" he asked huskily.

Michelle glanced over at Tiffany; she was pulling on her nipple as she slowly worked her finger over her clit. "Oh yes, very beautiful." She murmured staring at Michelle.

Michelle blushed and started to cover herself then stopped nad let her arms fall back to her sides. She glanced over at Jerry and smiled. He had quickly stripped out of his clothes and was standing there slowly stroking his 8 inch cock. Michelle smiled at him then dropped to her knees in front of him. He stroked her cheek with his finger as she grasped his cock and ran her tongue over the base of it. Jerry moaned and tangled his fingers in her hair. "Why don't you take it into your mouth and get it hard baby?" He growled softly.

Michelle lifted her eyes to his, then took just the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked hard at it. Jerry sucked in his breath and pushed forward with his hips burying more of his cock into her hungry mouth. "Oh yeah, suck that cock." He sighed as she sucked hard at him and wrapped her tongue over his hardening flesh.

Michelle bobbed her head back and forth over him, closing her eyes as she sucked hard at him. When he started fucking her face, she whimpered and sucked even harder. She moaned in disappointment when he suddenly pulled out of her mouth. "Enough, or I'm going to cum down your throat." He gasped reaching down and pulling her to her feet.

Michelle smiled and licked her lips. "I wouldn't have minded." 

Jerry chuckled and pulled her into his arms kissing her deeply, his tongue once again slicing into her mouth. She kissed him back with everything she had and she moaned as he cupped her breast and squeezed it. "Come on baby, get to the good stuff." Tiffany whimpered from her chair. Jerry pulled away and looked at Michelle through heat filled eyes. He glanced over at his wife, she had three fingers dug inside her hot hole and was furiously working them in and out as she watched her husband and Michelle.

Jerry took Michelle's hand and pulled her over to the bed. When they reached it, Michelle climbed onto the bed and sat in the middle of it on her knees. "What do you want?" She asked softly.

Jerry climbed onto the bed and looked at her. "What do you want to see love?" He asked not taking his eyes off Michelle.

Michelle glanced over at Tiffany, she was breathing hard as she fingered herself. "I want to see you eat her out then fuck her." She panted working her fingers faster in her burning pussy.

Michelle glanced back over to Jerry who had reached out and had his hand on her leg. He pulled on her leg and Michelle sat down on her butt on the bed. She let him pull her until she was laying down in the middle of the bed with her legs wide open. Jerry lay over her and took one of her nipples into his mouth once more, sucking hard at it while his hand drifted down over her body until he was sliding it between her spread legs. He flicked his finger against Michelle's clit and was rewarded with a low moan escaping her lips.

Jerry sucked hard at her nipple as he worked his finger in circles on her clit. Michelle moaned and tossed her head back and forth against the bed as she lifted her hips against his hand. "Pull your leg up, give my wife a good view." Jerry growled as he started kissing his way down Michelle's body.

Michelle lifted her leg and pulled it against her chest. She heard a low moan come from Tiffany as Jerry settled in front of her pussy and spreading her open darted out his tongue and flicked his tongue against her clit. "Ugh...." Michelle moaned closing her eyes and holding her leg tight against her chest.

"Oh yeah, eat her out, make her cum love." Tiffany panted fingering her pussy even faster, her fingers flying in her burning cunt.

Jerry wrapped his tongue around Michelle's clit then slid two fingers inside her and started sawing them in and out furiously as he wrapped his lips around her clit and sucked hard. Michelle whimpered and lifted against him as she tossed her head back and forth. "Ugh, oh yes, eat me." She whined as he sucked hard at her clit. When he grazed her flesh with his teeth she squealed and coated his fingers in her juices. Michelle dug her nails into her leg as she humped her body hard against Jerry's face. She used her free hand to tangle her fingers in his hair and pulled him tighter against her pussy. Her mouth was open and she was whimpering with need as he sucked hard at her clit. "Oh...oh fuck yes, eat me." She cried slamming her pussy hard against his face.

"E...eat her. Oh god eat her I'm cummminnnnnggggg..." Tiffany cried from the chair as her body spasmed with release. Michelle opened her eyes and glanced over at the other woman. Her pussy was burning with need and knowing she was being watched was turning her on something fierce. She suddenly cried out as her body spasmed with release and Jerry forced his fingers through her juices harder inside her.

Michelle was panting as she came down from her orgasm. "Oh god yes." She purred running her fingers through Jerry's hair.

Jerry pulled his face out from between her legs and crawled up her body until he was able to lock his mouth on Michelle's, kissing her hard. Michelle tasted herself on his tongue and moaned as she wrapped her arms around him.

She moaned even louder against his lips as she felt him start to slice into her hot hole. He started fucking her with long, slow strokes that increased in pressure and intensity as he kissed her hard. Michelle whimpered against his lips and lifted her hips against his powerful strokes as he took her hard and fast. She could hear Tiffany panting once more and moaned louder to give the other woman a good show.

Jerry tore his lips from hers and buried his face in her neck, biting and sucking at her flesh as he pounded her hard and fast. "Oh god yes." Michelle whimpered rising against him every time he slammed into her. She could feel her orgasm rising once more and she tossed her head back as she felt it wash over her harder then the last. "Fuck I'm cummminnnnnggggg..." She cried clinging to Jerry's back as he continued driving hard into her willing hole.

Jerry lifted his upper body and rested on his arms as he drilled harder into Michelle. He glanced over at his wife. Her eyes were glued to Michelle's pussy and Jerry's dick slicing into it. Her fingers were digging in her hot hole as she breathed through ragged breaths. "Cum baby," Jerry growled biting down on Michelle's nipple which made her squeal with delight. "Cum all over those hot fingers. Cum while I ride her hard."

Michelle looked over at Tiffany through glazed eyes and moaned louder as Jerry fucked her even harder and deeper then before. She could feel her orgasm rising once more and knew it was going to be shattering. "Oh fuck me I'm going to cum again." She panted slamming her pussy hard against Jerry's flying cock.

"Oh yes, both my girls cumming." He growled through clenched teeth. "Do it, coat that cock in your hot juices." He growled.

Michelle and Tiffany cried out simultaneously as both suddenly hit release at the same time. Jerry growled hard in his throat and slammed hard inside Michelle letting go as his cum filled her hot pussy.

Jerry pulled out of her and rolled over onto his back on the bed. Before Michelle knew what was happening, Tiffany was out of the chair and climbing onto the bed. She lay down between Michelle's still spread legs and locked her mouth on Michelle's cunt, sucking the cum from her well fucked hole. Michelle gasped then moaned as she felt Tiffany's tongue sliding into her looking for anything she missed. She sucked hard at Michelle's burning hole and worked her tongue in and out of her like a small cock while she reached up with her fingers and pulled and twisted Michelle's clit. "Ugh, oh god yes, eat me." Michelle cried slamming her pussy hard against Tiffany's face.

Tiffany sucked harder at her, her tongue working furiously in and out of her soaked hole. Jerry lay on his side watching and reached up and took Michelle's nipple between his fingers pulling on the small nub. Michelle started humping hard against Tiffany's face and suddenly squealed as she went flying over the edge for the third time. "Fuck I'm cummmminnnnnnngggggg...." She squealed tossing her head back and letting go.

Tiffany kept her tongue working inside her as Michelle came. She drank up all the juice Michelle had pouring out of her then dug her tongue around looking for more. Michelle lay there panting and looked at the couple through half closed eyes, completely sated and completely content.

By the time they took her back to the corner, Michelle was wore out. Jerry had fucked her twice more and even fucked Tiffany once while Tiffany ate out Michelle at the same time. She had the $1,000.00 in her pocket and was smiling as she called her mother and told her she was on her way home.