 I woke as the sun shone into the room. Looking down I saw Kali. She was still sleeping and still snuggling close to me. I leaned down and kissed her forehead. With her eyes still closed, she smiled. "Good morning." I said to her.

She opened her shining emerald eyes and looked up at me. "Yes, it is a good morning." 

I sat up in the bed and she shifted to keep herself comfortable. I had to think for a moment about my next words. What do you say after a situation like this? Everything was new for me but, I knew what I felt. Kali sat up as if she understood my inner thoughts and kissed me deeply. After a few seconds she broke the kiss. 

"I know." She said trying to put my mind at ease. "It's okay. I feel it too." I gave her a puzzled look trying to hide my real feelings. Seeing through my little façade, she smiled and remarked, "You are scared to say it but, I am not. I love you." 

I was unsure if this was love. I had never felt like this but then there is such thing as love at first sight right? I got up and kissed her forehead again. "I am going to see if anyone else is home. Then I might take me a shower." I said to her.

"I might just join you." She giggled. 

I put on my shorts and left the safety of my bedroom. I searched the house and found no one home. I first suspected that no one had come home all night then I say a note from my mother. In her usual tone, she had informed me she would be gone for most of the day. She also made mention she saw Kali in my bed and that I better be responsible before I make any decisions I might regret. With no one left in the house, I decided to get that shower. When I returned to the bedroom, I was surprised that Kali was not in there. Then I heard the water running. 

"Guess she wasn't kidding." I said to myself. Grabbing some clean clothes, I went to join her.

The water was hot but, not as hot as my company. Just watching Kali rub herself just turned me on. Being naked in the shower, it was going to be impossible for me to hide my excitement. Kali noticed and smiled. She pulled my head down and planted a kiss on my lips. Then she threw me for a loop. She whispered in to my ear. "Calm down, hot rod, we have all day."

I did my best to follow her instructions. She didn't make it easy though. After getting cleaned up and dressed, we decided to go out to the mall in a town not far from where we lived. Kali asked me if I was okay going clothes shopping with her. I agreed and we visited a few stores for her to look for some new clothes. She modeled several new outfits for me and I helped her pick the cutest ones of the group. We spent all day in each other's company and we didn't want it to end. 

While at the mall, we ran into some of my friends. Laurie was among them. Kali decided to get us something to drink and left me for a few minutes with Laurie. She asked how things were going and I told her everything. Laurie smiled at me. "I am so happy for you. I haven't seen you like this in a long time."

I was happy and Laurie was right. I had not been this happy in a long time. "Besides, she must be something special for you to come out to the mall on a weekend!" Laurie remarked. "I know how crowds make you nervous." 

Kali had walked up at that moment. "Oh my God, I didn't know you were uncomfortable in a crowd!" she blurted out. 

Laurie laughed at the petite young lady. "Well, he has...issues." She informed Kali without letting too much out.

We talked for a few more minutes before parting ways. Laurie leaned in to Kali as if to hug her but, I noticed she whispered something in her ear. Kali nodded and reached for my hand. We ventured around the mall for a while longer. The image of Laurie whispering to Kali had me nervous. Deep down I was hoping Laurie hadn't been stupid enough to try and intimidate her. I finally worked up the nerve to ask what Laurie had said.

"She told me to take care of you. She was glad to see you so happy." Kali responded. My fears vanished. I held her hand tight in mine as we headed out to the car.

Three months later, Kali knocked on my front door. My mother answered and found her crying on the porch. Of course my mother's first instinct is to blame me and somehow make things my fault. She invited Kali inside and I came out to see her. As soon I entered the room, Kali ran to me and hugged me tight. I hugged her back and asked what is wrong. That's when my mother did the only thing I remember being remotely compassionate. She asked Kali who hit her. I looked down and noticed a large bruise on her face. This made me angry. I followed up and asked the question again. Kali told us her mother hit her with some kitchen utensil. Then her mother and father threw her out of the house. Being eighteen, they told her, she should stop living at home unless she is going to get a job to support the family. Kali said she tried to remind them that even though she was eighteen, she was still in high school. 

My mother looked at Kali and reverted back to her usual self. "Where are you going to stay?" she asked in an "I don't really care" tone.

I glared at her for being insensitive. "Where the hell do you think she is going to stay?" I scolded.

As usual, mother wanted to argue. This made Kali uncomfortable. "I will just figure something out. If I is going to cause a problem here I won't..." I cut her off mid-sentence. 

"It will not cause a problem. You are welcome here." I turned to my mother and gave her another glaring look. "Right?" 

My mother sighed. She wasn't going to win this battle and she knew it. "I guess so." She responded.

A few days after that, I borrowed my brother's truck and took Kali to her parents' house to pick up what she had left behind. She had not been herself since the whole incident and I was scared that the Kali I knew, MY Kali, was gone. We pulled up to the house and to both our relief, her parents were not home. We grabbed what we could and the things she valued most. It filled about half a dozen boxes or so. We left all her furniture and some things she didn't want because of the memories. After loading up we headed back to the house. 

Since my mother was now divorced again we had plenty of room in our garage for all of Kali's things that she knew she didn't need on a daily basis. We spent the next few hours getting her settled in. To my surprise, both my mother and brother helped out. I wasn't sure why but, I was thankful for the help. After a quick dinner Kali and I returned to our room. My brother stopped in to let me know he was going to be gone all night and Mother? Well in her typical fashion, she just said bye and left for God knows where. Kali and I had the whole house to ourselves. 

I asked her if she wanted to go out or do something to help distract her. Kali just sat on the bed without answering me. I walked over to her and sat next to her. She was crying again. I hugged her tight and told her everything was going to be okay. She looked up at me with tears streaming from her emerald eyes. This was the first time I had a hard time looking into them. I kissed her then looked deep in her eyes and said "Kali, I love you. I will always love you. I am sorry you have to go through this. I am here for you and you alone and I will do whatever you ask of me or need from me."

Part of my brain began screaming at me. I was not too far from turning nineteen and I had practically turned myself over to her. That part of my brain was quickly quieted by the rest of my brain and my heart. Kali responded with a smile.

Just that one simple action had put my mind at ease. There was the beautiful and sweet Kali I knew. There was MY Kali. "Do you mean that?" She asked me as she wiped the tears from her cheeks. 

"Absolutely!" I said confidently. I did mean it, each and every word. She leaned in and kissed me. We held it for several moments before she broke the kiss and looked into my eyes. 

"Make love to me." She requested. I wasn't sure if it was a good idea with such an emotionally draining day but, she just stared at me. "Please."

We had lain back down on the bed in each other's embrace. Our kissing became more and more passionate but, at the same time, more tender and loving. Our hands began to roam over our bodies. Kali and I had sex since our first night and while some sessions were more about getting some relief others were a lot more a kin to love making than just sex, however, we had not really had the opportunity to have the real passion we had our first time. This time, we would definitely rekindle that passion. I knew what she really enjoyed and planned to give her everything she wanted. 

I broke our kiss and moved to kiss and suck on her neck. This was always a way to get her going and tonight was no different. Her breathing became heavier and she quietly moaned from my actions letting me know I was doing a good job. She reached up and ran her hands through my hair as I continued my tender attack on her body. We stopped briefly to undress. We did not waste time with a shirt now then pants later, we just both stripped naked and returned to our positions as if we had never stopped. My hands had worked their way to her breasts. I massaged both of them gently at the same time while I continued kissing her neck. Kali arched her back slightly. At first I thought I might have caused her to have a small orgasm but what she was doing was giving me an invitation to take it further. I did not need a second invite. I move down and began to suck on her breasts one at a time. She let out a deep breath. 

"Oh God, that feels great!" she managed to exclaim as she tried to catch her breath. 

Somehow we managed to move to a sitting position and I knew she was ready for more as her moaning got louder and louder. I moved one of my hands down her belly and found her vagina already starting to drip. Holding her with one arm, I continued to suck her breasts while my free hand began to rub her pussy. She responded by wrapping one arm around my neck and using her free hand to massage my erect penis. Now it was my turn to let out a moan. That was something I rarely did but, I could tell it made her happy to hear my approval of her efforts. It took a lot of focus to keep up my efforts on her but I managed to keep it going. I began exploring her outer lips with my fingers and found her clit. I was pretty sure she wasn't expecting it because she jumped and it took all I had to hold her steady.

I increased the speed of my movements but, still made sure to keep all the tenderness she needed. Her moans filled the room and her breath shortened. I could tell she was getting close from my actions because her grip on my cock had released and she had wrapped her other arm around my neck to help her hold on. Then it hit her like a Mac truck. Kali began to squeal and cry out from her exploding orgasm. Her body bucked and thrashed against me. I looked in to her face just in time to watch those beautiful green eyes roll back into her head and her head fling back violently. One constant with Kali is her orgasms. Doesn't matter how long or intense they are, she always loses her ability to form full words. She ground her hips against my hand as her orgasm continued to take over her. I let up my actions when she seemed to be gasping for air. 

Her climax began to subside but she was still out of breath and I could see she wanted more. I started to reach for my night stand to get a condom but she pulled me back and shook her head motioning no. I started to object when she managed to must up some words between her deep breaths. "Not tonight. My pill will be enough. I need to feel you cum inside me." She gasped. 

Since our first night, we had taken steps to make sure we didn't get any unexpected surprises. She had her doctor put her on the birth control pill and I made sure to use a condom just in case. I wanted to object but, I knew she was set on this and just dropped the matter. I loved her enough that if the pill didn't work, it would not be a problem for me. I nodded in agreement.

She positioned herself over my still erect cock and lowered herself down. I had learned that when we are in positions that have her on top to let her take control. I think it turned her on even more. With her arms still around my neck and her legs around my waist, she slid down over my cock. I put my arms around her to help hold her. Slowly she continued to take me into her keeping in mind the lesson we had learned about just dropping her down on me. Kali had been so wet from her orgasm that she had little trouble taking me in. She finally stopped lowering herself when she had taken all of me inside her hot sex. We held it for just a moment so she could adjust before she began to move her hips.

Kali had always been quick to reach orgasm and usually it did not take much to give her a second and third one after her first climax hit. I could tell this was going to be no different. She started by moving her hips back and forth instead of up and down. While this felt good to me, I knew from her moans and expression, it was better for her. Instinctively my hips moved trying to make the motions and sensations more intense. It did not seem like long before our grinding had built up inside her to trigger her second climax. She squealed as she came for the second time. She planted a deep kiss on my lips and slipped her tongue in my mouth. I responded in kind and lowered my hands from her mid back to her butt. She had a fantastic butt. It was not large but it did have a sexy firmness to it while still being squeezable. I always found myself staring at it when she walked away from me. I tightened my grasp and began to move her up and down on my shaft.

She broke our kiss and began to gasp for air. Her moans had become more frequent with only short pauses between them. For the first time she managed to form a single word during sex and the word was yes. Over and over she repeated it getting louder and louder. I felt the stirring in my testicles that I knew meant I was about to reach my peak. I quickened my pace and kissed her hard before slamming her down to bury my cock inside her. Her third climax hit her at that exact moment. I felt her pussy spasm against my cock as it did the same as I exploded filling her vagina with everything I had. 

We stayed in that position as our climaxes subsided kissing each other tenderly. Minutes passed without us noticing anything else but each other. Finally, Kali broke the kiss and looked at me with those eyes that make me so weak. "I love you, Rob." She proclaimed. "I love you, too, Kali." I responded.

The rest of the school year passed by very quickly and before we knew it, everyone was making plans for the real world. Some people asked me what my plans were. I did not know exactly what I wanted to do with my life but, I did know I was going to make sure Kali was part of it and I knew exactly how to make that happen. 

I let Laurie in on my plans. Laurie had always been one of my closest friends. We had grown up together and only had one year of school that we attended different schools. She and Kali had developed a deep friendship and had been known to share in a bit of girl talk. I knew Laurie well enough that I could ask her about what she and Kali would talk about. Some things she would tell me and some I was smart enough to understand were confidential. Laurie kind of shrieked when I told her what was up my sleeve. "You are serious, aren't you?" she questioned. 

"I have never been more serious about anything in my life!" I proclaimed. "Do you think it is a good idea?"

Laurie smile at me. "I think it is a fantastic idea. She will be so happy. Hell, I am happy for both of you and you haven't even gone through with it yet!"

About that time, Max had wandered towards us. "What are we all happy about?" he inquired in his deep bellowing voice. 

Laurie told him and then waited for a reaction. Now the three of us had known each other for a very long time and one thing about those two is they never change. As he always does, Max responded with very little more than a simple "Okay." This always puzzled Laurie.

"That's it? Okay? Geez you are just an emotionless giant, aren't you?" she said to him. He just smiled knowing it was bugging her that he had no reaction. I laughed at the twosome. Max turned and asked me when I was going to do it.

"I was thinking after graduation." I replied. He nodded in agreement before lumbering off to where ever his tree trunk leg would take him. 

The Graduation Ceremony was upon us before we knew it. Most of us were glad high school was over and were ready to move on to the next chapter of our lives. I was no exception. I had asked Laurie to go find Kali and let her know I wanted to talk to her when we were done. She did just that but came back with a grin on her face that made me wonder if she let the cat out of the bag. The ceremony was running behind but, Kali made a point to introduce me to her only relative she actually had shown up, her Grandfather. The ceremony dragged on for hours as speeches were made and memories reminisced but all I could think about was what was going to happen after and I was getting anxious. 

Finally, things were over and the auditorium emptied out into a sea of people. I frantically looked for Kali when I felt someone grab my hand. I turned to see those beautiful green emerald eyes staring at me. I quickly led her to a place a little less crowded and a lot quieter. I stood before her and held her hands. 

"Laurie said you had something to ask me. What is it?" she asked.

I was sort of aware that Max and Laurie had taken up a position to listen in and peak at what was happening. I stood there for a moment wondering what words to say. Everything in my head sounded corny so I just went with it. I reach in my pocket and slowly got down on one knee. I had gotten the box open and she gasped when she looked inside. "Kali, will you..." 

That was all I managed to get out before she shouted, "Yes, I will!"