 Jane came home this weekend.

I’d had a crush on her for as long as I could remember. Back in grade six, when erotic thoughts first started to cross my mind, she was my first sexual fantasy. I used to sit in class and dream that I was on top of her, my penis buried deep inside her, pumping madly at her waiting vagina. Of course, at the time I didn’t realize that women had pubic hair, and I didn’t realize what sex built up to.

In grade seven, I was lying awake in bed and I became aroused at the thought of Jane’s growing breasts. I pulled off my pyjama bottoms and rolled over on my front. I pressed my penis against the mattress and started rolling side to side. It must have been instinctual, because at the time I had no idea what an orgasm was. The pleasure built up in my shaft until I climaxed for the first time. Since it was the first time, I dry came. So without any clean up to do, I pulled on my pyjama bottoms and went to sleep.

The following day I woke up (it was a Saturday) with an urge to try out my new discovery of the previous night. So I removed all my clothes and started rolling side to side on my penis. Nothing happened. The thought of Jane beneath me was not causing any stimulation. So I tried something different. I started bouncing up and down on the bed, hitting the tip of my penis on the top of the mattress. Now I was getting somewhere. The pressure built until I blew the first load of my life. I didn’t know this was going to happen. I lay there naked, enjoying the sensations I just experienced, oblivious to the fact that my cock was full. When I got up to dress, the cum ran out of my penis and it scared the hell out of me.

I eventually figured the whole thing out.

Enough of this little digression. I have to get to the story of Jane.

The next part of the story, I suppose, doesn’t really deal with her directly either, though.

The night I lost my virginity, it was not with Jane. It was with a very slim redhead named Carrie. She was a very sweet girl. I still remember the night. It was about a week before the high school prom. We were at her house just talking about the approaching event when we got a little too excited. The thought about losing our virginity together after the prom pushed us over the top and we ended up doing it on the living room floor. I was on top of her, pushing my penis deep into her, past the tuft of red pubic hair that grew over her womanhood. When I shot into her, she had not yet cum. I had to finger her until she began to arch her back and moan with the climax.

We also made love on prom night. I felt terrible afterwards, though. Here I was with a beautiful girl underneath me and all I could think about was Jane. When I came into Carrie, in my mind I was cumming into Jane. When I was being ridden, it was Jane I was dreaming about.

The dream of losing my virginity to my dream girl was gone. I thought the chance of making love to her at all was also gone, but in the years to come, I was proven wrong.

Four years after high school graduation I was back in town. I had just completed my undergraduate degree in university and I was back to give my head a little time to clear. I did a lot of reading for a couple of weeks. Crime novels mostly. Then, on a trip out to pick up a newspaper, I had the chance encounter of a lifetime.

At the pharmacy that carries the paper I wanted, I was standing in line when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and saw nobody, so then I turned the other way. It was Jane. She smiled at me and held out her arms. My lips parted in a smile and we hugged each other.

“Mark! I didn’t realize you were home.”

“I’ve only been here a couple of weeks. Just got back. I was away and got a degree in Political Science.”

“That’s fantastic. I’ve actually got one more year to go on my undergraduate.”

Jane was a really smart girl. She was getting a degree in Physics and she was enrolled in the honors program. Just like in high school. She was always the one to reach the highest.

“Do you know what you’re gonna do now?” she asked me.

“Not really. I’m just letting myself think for the next little while. I don’t know if more school is in the works or if I’m just going to look for work.”

“I’m sure you’ll make the right decision.”

We both paid for our purchases and walked toward the door.

“Are you walking?” I asked her.

“Yeah. Dad’s at work now with the car.”

“I can give you a ride if you want.”

“Are you sure it’s not too far out of the way?”

“Of course not. Come on.”

“Okay.”

We both walked over to the minivan. We both got in and I started driving her home.

“So are you still with Carrie?” she asked me.

“We split shortly after we finished high school.”

“That’s too bad.”

“Yeah. She just chose a different path that’s all. We still keep in touch.”

“You know, that’s a lot like what happened between me and John.”

John was the guy she took to the prom. I learned later that it was also John who had taken her virginity. In fact, her cherry popped at about the time I was blowing my load into Carrie the night of the prom.

“I still like him very much,” she said, “but we just have two completely different ideas of where we’ll be in ten years.”

I put my hand on her shoulder.

“I’m sure we’ll do better in the future. Find people who are actually running on the same path.”

She put her hand over mine and held it there.

When we came to her street she said, “Keep on going.”

“Where?”

“How about Monte St.?”

“What’s on Monte St.?”

“A dead end that’s about half a mile from the nearest house.” She smiled at me.

It took about half a second before my cock was rock hard. I couldn’t believe it. Jane was taking me out to what amounted to a lover’s lane. At the time I tried not to get my hopes up. I didn’t realize how far she wanted to go, but however far that was, whether it was a bout of kissing, to full blown intercourse, I’d go with her.

At the end of the paved road, the asphalt gives way to a dirt road. When we hit the dirt road, Jane started to take off her top. I forced myself to keep my eyes on the road until I got to the very end. Before I could put the van in park, she got out of her seat and moved to the back of the vehicle. When I turned the van off, I turned around to see her taking off her bra. Her breasts, very small and peach shaped, bounced slightly when she freed them. They were beautiful. Perky and tipped with tiny pink nipples.

As I took off my seatbelt and started back, she was taking off her jeans. Oh, how many times had I jerked off while dreaming I could see those hips naked? They were milky white and perfectly round. When she had her panties off, I could see that her ass was perky. Usually, girls with hips that wide have butt cheeks that just sit there, if not hang a little. Jane’s backside was perfect as she sat there on her knees, beckoning me to her.

I had my shirt off and was working on my pants. All the while I was checking her out. The breasts, seeming to be pointing directly at me. The legs, nice and big where they tapered off from her hips. The pubic hair, the same shade of brown as the hair on her head.

When I was almost finished getting naked, she laid down on her back (the back of the van was covered in carpet and there was nothing else in the vehicle) and spread her legs wide.

I moved toward her and positioned myself between her hips. Our faces were close and I could feel her breathing on my cheeks. Her breathing was getting heavier with anticipation. So was mine.

Then I entered her. She gasped slightly, but I slid in comfortably. When I was buried up to my pubic hair, she grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled toward her. Her vagina was hungry.

I started pumping back and forth, filling her with my penis. The van rocked with the motion. I put my arms around her shoulders and put my face down beside hers. Her hands were glued to my butt. This is how we did it. The moment was all about the sex. There was nothing else in the world but the sensation of our penetration. We didn’t want to speak or even to kiss. It was pent up animal lust, plain and simple.

After a minute or two, I could feel the tickling deep in the shaft of my cock. I was worried about cumming too soon, but there was nothing I could do about it now. I raised myself up on both arms and blew my load into her.

“Oh God,” I exclaimed after I finished shooting.

I let myself lie back down on top of her and brought my face close to hers.

“I’m sorry about that.”

“Don’t be,” she said, “If you’d known you were going to get some today you’d probably have masturbated right?”

I smirked. “You know the trade secrets.”

“It doesn’t matter. The day isn’t over yet.”

She rolled on top of me, the whole while keeping my penis deep inside her. When she got on top she looked around.

“Thank God for tinted windows, huh.”

We both laughed.

“You know, I’ve wanted to make love to you since Junior High School,” she said.

“I think I’ve got you beat there. I’ve wanted you since I was in grade six.”

“Wow. So for you this has been a really long time coming, pardon the pun.”

“I guess it has.”

“I don’t know how many times I’ve sat on the edge of my bed with my fingers in my vagina, wanting you so bad it made my stomach hurt.”

“I’ve been masturbating for years with nothing but you on my mind.”

“You know, since we’ve both been waiting for so long, I think we’d better just keep up with it, rather than talk the day away.”

She started to rock her hips back and forth. At first, my cock felt uncomfortable after just having climaxed, but after a while I was back in the game.

I ran my hands up and down the sides of her body, tracing the slopes of her figure. From her chest, in towards her stomach, then back out around her hips. When I reached her hips, I ran my hands around to her butt. It puckered when she pushed forward. I squeezed the cheeks when they relaxed. Then I ran my hands up her back and around to her breasts. I gently cupped them in both my palms over and over again each time she rocked.

Then I sat up and put one of her nipples in my mouth. It was hard and smooth. In our new position, our motion changed slightly. She began to rise up and down on my cock and I began to thrust my cock up toward the roof of the van, driving in deep into her.

“Umph, umph.”

We were both deeply breathing and moaning softly.

Then she started to get louder. “Unh, unh.”

I lay back down and put my head back. I felt the tingle in my shaft again, but this time, she was almost there too. Within a second, she arched her back and let out a gutteral moan as she came. As she finished rocking on top of me, I also climaxed. I grabbed her hips as once again I emptied my cock inside her. She kept moving until the last of my load was spent, milking it out with the lips of her vagina.

We lay down beside each other and waited for our breathing to go back to normal. She felt her wrist and then let out a sigh.

“Left my watch home. Do you know what time it is?”

I got on all fours and crawled to the dashboard. I looked around before I went out in the front of the vehicle, because those windows are not tinted. I pushed the knob on the radio and the numbers lit up in red. It was a little before two thirty.

“Okay,” she said, “I’m not expected home until three thirty.”

“I’ve got until four,” I said.

Then I felt the tip of her finger flick my anus. I turned my head and looked at her. She was lying on her stomach, ass puckered toward the sky. She smiled and beckoned me back with her finger.

I crawled back and got down on top of her. I lifted her up by the belly and she parted her legs. Then I slid my cock into her vagina from behind. Once I was inside, she had put some of our clothes under her tummy and I put her down. Once we were in position I asked her if she was comfortable and she said yes.

I started thrusting my penis into her. The sensation of my pubic hair rubbing her butt as I moved was fantastic. She grabbed a loose piece of clothing and clasped it very tight. I saw her eyebrows furrow with the pressure of being taken from behind.

I was gentle with her this time. When I took her from the front, I was free to pump my hips as hard as I wanted, but now I held back a bit. My rhythm slowed. I grabbed one of her breasts from behind and softly squeezed it. I smelled her hair and the perfume around her neck. I kissed her earlobe. She kept her eyes closed as I slowly moved to a climax. I put one hand on the carpet and with the other I stroked one of her butt cheeks.

I couldn’t believe it. I was rubbing myself up and down Jane’s butt. I’d been seeing it through jeans for over ten years. I watched it take shape. Saw her hips get larger, saw the jeans fill out as the cheeks perked. Now I was sliding my cock in and out of her vagina as my abdomen rubbed her backside.

I couldn’t take in anymore. I ejaculated into her for a third time. I moaned when I shot, then I thrust my hips very quickly a few times to shake out the rest of the semen. Then I took myself out.

When she started to roll over, I gently pushed her back onto her stomach. I reached in between her legs and started sliding two fingers in and out of her vagina. With my other fingers I massaged her clit. I propped myself up on one arm while the other masturbated her. I watched her as her breathing quickened. I watched her body move slightly to the rhythm of my probing fingers. I watched as my glistening cock remained hard as I brought Jane to orgasm.

When she came, she arched her back, causing her butt to stick up in the air. When I saw this I flicked the tip of my penis and some cum dripped out. It landed on my shirt.

When she was done, I removed my hand and let her roll onto her side. Right in the spot where her vagina has been, there was a wet spot on my shirt. We both looked at the mess of my clothes and then she looked at me and said, “Looks like you got some laundry to do when you get home.”

After that day, we made love often, and not always in the back of the van. Floors, couches and beds. Though every once in a while, we returned to the vehicle.

She went away to finish her degree and every time she came home (for Christmas, spring break, etc.) we made love often. To this day, our paths seem to be moving in the same direction.