 Bonnie was sitting enjoying a pleasant night home alone. It had been a long week at work and her long time, live-in boy friend, Todd, was away for the weekend. They had been arguing again recently about everything. The house was never clean enough as far as he was concerned. She never cooked what he wanted to eat. It was so nice to not have to listen to him find something to complain about. As soon as she got home tonight, she had taken a long hot shower and put on her “comfort” clothes; an old, well worn t-shirt and a pair of cut-offs. She had warmed up the left-over lasagna that he would never eat and gotten a bottle of her favorite wine and just sat down with it and a good book. All she wanted was one night of peace and quiet.

Suddenly, the thunder and lightening broke the dark, silent night as easily as it split the tree out back setting the tree on fire. Bonnie heard the noise and thought for a second she had been shot. She jumped from her chair and ran to see the back yard burst into flames. Grabbing the phone, she started dialing as she ran outside to turn on the hose. The yard was so dry, she was afraid the fire department wouldn’t get there before the flames could engulf the house. Aware that she could never put out the flames with a simple garden hose, she started spraying down the back of the house to keep it from catching fire too. 

Moments later, the fire engine arrived bringing with it 5 handsome heroes including Brett. Bonnie had meet Brett a through a mutual friend and had known him for quite some time. She had often thought that if she wasn’t involved with Todd, she would certainly go for it with him. He was the stereotypical gorgeous fire fighter. He was tall, very muscular and always tanned. At first, Brett did not even realize whose house they were at. He was totally focused on the job at hand. There stood Bonnie, soaking wet from spraying down the house and watching Brett and the other firemen work. Her heart was already racing from the freight of the lightening hitting the tree and the resulting fire. Seeing Brett hard at work, did nothing to slow its pace. However, now it was racing for a totally different reason. Her thoughts shifted quickly from the fire and the danger of losing her house to Brett’s body which she knew was hidden inside his fire suit. 

The fire was quickly put out and the men ready to leave. Brett finally realized whose house this was and came over to Bonnie. “This is some way to get me over to your house Bonnie.” He said with a chuckle. “Where’s Todd?”

“He went fishing this weekend. He won’t be back until Monday.” 

“Ohhhh! Well, in that case! I’m off duty in an hour maybe I should come back and check on you just to make sure the fire doesn’t flare back up. What do you think?”

“That would be nice.” Bonnie replied, but what she really wanted to say was something more along the lines of them creating a fire of their own. Maybe that was what he had in mind too. Time would tell.

After the fire truck left, Bonnie went back into the house. She went into the bathroom and saw in the mirror how wet her t-shirt really was. The cool wet material clinging tightly to her breasts, her nipples at full attention. “Oh my god” she thought, no wonder he wants to come back and check on me. She blushed at the idea that he and the other fire fighters had seen her in this condition, but at the same time it was also exciting. How could she be thinking like this though? She had been with Todd for so long. Was she really thinking about another man in a sexual way? An even more important question was what was she going to do? And would Brett even come back like he said he would?

Bonnie went into her room to change her clothes. She was thinking that it was most likely just innocent flirting. Brett probably wouldn’t even show up. So, after dropping her wet clothes into the hamper, she grabbed another comfy t-shirt and a pair of shorts but didn’t worry about any under clothes. She went back to the dinning room to finish her dinner and get back to her book. She totally lost herself in the romance novel she was reading and was unaware of how much time had past. 

She had just finished a pretty hot love scene in her book when the door-bell rang making her jump. Bonnie went to answer the door. There stood Brett. He had obviously showered and shaved when he got back to the station. God, he was hot, and that thought made her hot too. At that moment, she wanted to drag him straight to the bedroom and screw his brains out. But she was so torn! What about Todd? 

“Hi” was all she could manage to get out in a rather shaky voice. “I didn’t really think you were going to come back.”

Brett looked confused for a second and said, “Do you want me to go?”

“Oh God, NO! Please come in.” and she stepped back to let him in.

There was an awkward silence for a moment as they stood staring at each other. Both of them thinking how much they wanted to just embrace each other but neither sure how the other felt. The silence was finally broken when Brett suggested that maybe he should check on the fire. Bonnie turned and led the way down the narrow hallway to the back door with Brett close behind her. When she reached the door, she took the handle and stepped back to open it and backing right into Brett’s chest. In a natural response he put his arm around her waist to prevent her from falling. Bonnie leaned into him for a moment longer than necessary enjoying the accidental embrace. Just as she started to pull away, Brett tightened his grasp on her and brushed a light kiss on her neck.

“You have no idea how long I have wanted to do that!” he said. Then as he released her he said, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done that, but I couldn’t help myself! You are a gorgeous woman and I have wanted to do that since the first time I meet you. Todd is a damn fool and you deserve better! You deserve to be treated like the precious gem you are instead of being treated like his slave. If I have over stepped my bounds, I understand and will leave right now, but what I really want to do is show you what real love can be like.”

Bonnie had not moved an inch even though Brett had let go of her waist. She was still leaning tight against his chest. She turned to look into his eyes; tears filling hers, all she wanted at that moment was everything he was offering her. She put her arms around him and pulled herself into him. Brett took her face in his hands, tipped her face up towards his and slowly kissed her mouth. His lips were tender and gentle as he pressed them to Bonnie’s, and yet there was also strength and passion in the kiss that Bonnie had forgotten existed. Their lips parted slightly allowing the tips of their tongues to find each other. Tears now streaming down her face, Bonnie pulled back just slightly, torn by her burning desire for Brett and her commitment to Todd. 

She was so tired of feeling bad about everything. She was tired of Todd’s constant complaints and demands. Brett was right when he said that Todd treated her like a slave. She wanted so badly to feel good, to feel sexy and beautiful. She wanted to feel appreciated and desirable. She saw all of those things in the tender, loving way Brett was looking and her right now. And as he started to brush and kiss away her tears, all thoughts of Todd flew from her mind. Her only thoughts were in this moment, in the feelings burning inside her and in the love she felt in Brett’s arms. Her tears stopped and a half smile came to her lips. She kicked the door behind her closed and tightened her arms around Brett once more. 

“So, are we going to stand here in the hallway all night?” Brett asked, and they both laughed. “Which way to the bedroom my love, I think there is another fire that needs my attention more than the one out back?” and with that, Bonnie silently took his hand and led the way back down the hall to her bedroom. Her heart was pounding with a combination of nervousness and desire. She was no longer thinking, but acting strictly on the feelings and emotions pouring though her. When they reached the bedroom, she almost fell onto the bed, pulling Brett down beside her. Right now, she just wanted to screw his brains out and worry about Todd tomorrow, but Brett had something slightly different in mind. 

Brett pulled away some and looked at Bonnie with longing in his eyes. He brushed the hair from her face. He kissed her with a deep passion she had only dreamed about. He began to caress her neck. Each movement of his hand was followed by gentle kisses from his lips. He did not want to “Screw” Bonnie, he want to “Make Love” to her, to worship her and her beauty. Every touch of his fingers or his mouth sent chilling waves of feelings Bonnie had no words for, washing over her entire body. Whatever these feelings were, they were wonderful. But she wanted more and now. 

Her fire had definitely been lit. Bonnie kept trying to pull Brett to her wanting to feel him inside her, but he wanted to go slowly. Finally deciding that she had no choice but to let him set the pace, Bonnie relaxed and just allowed the feelings to flood through her. She reached her hand up and ran her fingers though Brett’s hair, but was no longer trying to direct his movements. 

As soon as he could tell that she had relaxed, Brett continued in his exploration of her beautiful body. His hands and lips took in her shoulders, then down each arm to her finger tips. He kissed each finger tip, sucking them for just a second. That complete, he helped Bonnie sit up and pulled her shirt off over head, then laid her back down. He took a long hard look at her now exposed breasts.

“God you are beautiful!” he murmured in a husky voice. “You have the most gorgeous breasts.” 

His methodical exploration of her body continued as he trailed his fingers and his mouth in circles around her breasts. He started on the outsides and gradually worked his way in until he reached her nipples at the peak of each mound. While he lavished attention on one nipple with his mouth, he used his fingers to duplicate that action as closely as possible on the other nipple. He ticked it with his tongue, he sucked it into his mouth and then he nibbled and bit some. Releasing that nipple he shifted his mouth to the other breast and reversed the action, using his mouth to tease and torture it while his fingers played over the nipple his mouth had just been on. 

Satisfied by the moans escaping from Bonnie and the arching of her back that his attention was exciting her, he made a trail of kisses and licks downward. He paused at her navel, circling it with his tongue, slipping his tongue inside it and leaving a kiss there. Brett moved so he could unfasten Bonnie’s shorts and pull them off of her, he was a pleasantly surprised by the fact that she was not wearing underwear. He dropped her shorts to the floor and knelt at her feet. He massaged each foot, careful not to tickle as he worked. Again, he trailed kisses as his hands moved over her body. Slowly we massaged and kissed his way up her right leg separating her legs as he went to allow him to move in between them. 

Bonnie want so bad to feel his fingers and his lips on her well trimmed love nest, but Brett carefully avoided it. Instead, he moved to the ankle of her left leg and gave it the same treatment as he had given her right leg. When he had reached her thigh, he stopped again and moved off the bed. He stood at the foot of the bed where he had a perfect view of her entire body. Bonnie adjusted the pillows to lift her head enough to see what he was doing. For a moment he just stood there looking at her, adoring her. Then he unbuttoned and removed his shirt dropping it to the floor on top of her shorts. Next he took off his pants and his underwear dropping them in the pile along with everything else.

Brett moved again in between Bonnie’s legs, never losing eye contact. He moved in closer and closer toward those tender lips that wanted and needed so badly to be touched. He lovingly placed a hand on the inside of each thigh. He saw the desire burning in her eyes and felt the slight shift in her hips as she silently encouraged him to taste her now very wet pussy. He sluggishly crept his fingers up and gently spread her open before him. He watched her eyes close and her mouth open with a moan as he placed a tiny kiss on her clit. 

Bonnie’s hand practically flew to Brett’s head and pushed him into her hard. He sucked her clit into his mouth teasing it with the tip of his tongue at the same time. Then he moved one hand and slipped two fingers inside her. Bonnie was so filled with desire by this point and had been deprived of this kind of loving attention for so long, that Brett’s fingers inside her was all it took to start a wild fire of an orgasm racing through her whole body. A primal scream escaped her lips as she lifted her hips and pushed his face even harder into her. The long pent up love juices shooting from her and into Brett’s mouth. He loved the fact that his attention to her had brought her such pleasure as he sucked and licked up every drop of honey juice until she was clean and the flames of her orgasm began to die down. 

With a few traces of her juice still on his face, he moved up further and kissed her mouth. Tasting herself on his mouth thrilled Bonnie and she kissed him long and hard. As they kissed, Brett expertly shifted until the head of his hard cock was poised at the opening to Bonnie’s pussy. As soon as she felt is brush against her, she wanted it in her. She needed to have it fill her. She put her hands on his butt cheeks and pushed down while raising her hips forcing him to enter her. He plunged deep into her, so deep that they could both feel him as he hit the furthest depth of her. He paused there languishing in the glorious feeling of finally being inside of her. Eventually she released him enough to allow him to pull back and plunge deep again. Over and over, he methodically pulled back and plunged as deep as he could do into her. Each downward stoke ground his pubic hair and bone against her clit and his balls against her anus. Each upward stroke left let the cool air of the room flow between them. As the ecstasy increased, Bonnie did something she never would have done with Todd; she reached down between them and worked her clit bringing her very close to the brink of another orgasm. 

Brett, suddenly wonder whether or not he show cum inside her or not and was just ready to pull out before he exploded, when Bonnie ready to cum herself cried out, “Cum with me, fill me up!” That was all it took to push him over the edge and Brett did just what she asked. He plunged deep into her one last time and shot his hot cum in the deepest part of her he could. For the first time in her life, she felt his hot cum hit the top of her hole as he shot. She felt his balls quivering, his cock twitching and every muscle in his body tighten. Brett at that moment felt the walls of Bonnie’s pussy begin the tell tale contractions of climax. He could feel her hot juices mixing with his and her muscles tense as they both crashed together in that rare moment of simultaneous orgasm. As the raging fire began to die down some, Brett leaned in and kissed Bonnie again. Then still inside her, he rolled them on their sides and held her tight to his chest and they drifted into a peaceful sleep.

When Bonnie woke up, she was alone. Had it all been a wonderful dream? Had she somehow gotten something in her system that made her black out? She hadn’t had anything to drink except for part of a bottle of wine, but not enough to make her black out. And God, it was so vivid, she never had dreams like that. Looking around, she no sign of Brett having been there so she decided that she must have blacked out and had a wild dream. She decided to get up and go take a hot shower. As she got up she saw her clothes from last night thrown on the floor at the end of the bed so without really thinking about why they were there, picked them up and threw them in the hamper. She grabbed some clean clothes and headed to the bathroom for that hot shower. 

As she stood with the hot water pouring over her in the shower, she could not shake the dream and how it had all made her feel. God, she wanted to feel like that in real life all the time, not so much the sex of the dream which was good, but the emotion. She wanted to feel as loved and as cherished as all the time as she had in the dream. As she basked in the shower, she started thinking about Todd and their relationship. She really hated him sometimes and hated the way he made her feel most of the time. She felt more like his maid and sex toy than his girl friend. With him sex was not about mutual pleasure, it was all about satisfying his needs. After her shower, as she looked in the mirror, she made a decision. She was done with Todd! As soon as he came home, she was going to tell him to move out. 

Smiling for the first time in ages, she dressed and made her way out to start some coffee. As she headed down the hall to the kitchen she could have sworn she smelled coffee and bacon. “Damn I am really losing my mind!” she thought. She turned into the kitchen and there on the counter was a plate of bacon, the coffee pot was full and there was a note propped up against her favorite cup. “Maybe I wasn’t dreaming after all.” She said to herself as she looked around to see if someone was there. She knew it would not be Todd, he wouldn’t know how to cook bacon if his life depended on it. 

She picked up the note as she poured herself a cup of coffee, then sat down at the table to read it. The handwriting was unfamiliar and yet she knew instantly who it belonged to. Slowly she opened it and it read:

My Dearest Bonnie,

You may never know how much last night meant to me. It was one of the greatest experiences of my life. I know that you and Todd have been together for a long time and I want you to know that I don’t expect anything. I am so thrilled to have had one night with you and will treasure that memory forever. I hope you don’t mind me fixing coffee and bacon for you this morning before I left. I watched as you slept and was going to leave before you woke. Then as I came out to leave, I heard you get up and go in to the shower. I just wanted to hold onto the dream for a little longer. I started the coffee and the bacon as I listen to the sound of you in the shower. I wanted so badly to come and join you, but I didn’t know how you would feel about everything that happened this morning. I didn’t want to force you to tell me that you were sorry it happened or to feel any guilt on my behalf. You are the most wonderful and amazing woman I have ever known. I would give anything in the world to be in Todd’s shoes and be able to love you like that all the time. I also know that I will probably never get that chance, so I will go back to loving you from afar as I have done since the first day I met you. I hope that you will forgive me for indulging in my wildest fantasy for one night, and that we can still be friends. If you ever find yourself lonely or things don’t work out for you and Todd, you know how to reach me. You have my home number, my pager number and the number at the station. Rest assured, last night will remain my safely guarded secret. Thank you for the greatest night of my life.

With all my Love,

Brett

By the time she had finished reading, the tears were pouring down Bonnie’s face. How could someone love her so much that they were willing to put their feelings aside for hers? How could she have been so blind for so long to the way that Todd treated her and how she could be treated by someone else? How could she have been so blind to Brett’s feelings for her for so long? How much pain had it caused him to watch her with Todd, to love her like that for one night and walk away? 

Before she could let her mind stop her, she reached for the phone and dialed. After two rings she heard a familiar female voice say, “Hello?” 
