 My mother was predictably waiting for me when I got home. She wasted no time in asking me how my evening had gone. As you know I get a perverse kick out of doing my best to shock her and I took great delight in not only giving her a detailed blow by blow account plus photos of my assignation with Mary but I also told her about Diane wanting me to smack her bum. 

As I described the events it wasn't hard to see, my mother was becoming aroused. Her nipples had stiffened and were forming little tents in the terry towelling of her bathrobe, as I suspected she was probably naked otherwise. Other telltale signs were she was breathing more heavily and kept moistening her slightly parted lips. Curious I thought and filed it away for future reference. 

The next morning we met again in the kitchen over breakfast. Dad as always had left a lot earlier. For the first time in quite a while I noticed my mother was happy! 

'Are you feeling alright mother?' I asked in a concerned tone.

'I do actually, why do you ask?'

'It's just that you're smilling and appear happy.'

'Very funny! What are you up to today? Oh yes you're seeing Anne aren't you.'

'Yes Anne this afternoon, I'll probably see what Simon is up to first.'

'Simon. I can't believe he's seeing an older women. Do you know who she is.'

'I think I know her, he said she was a friend of his mothers. Although she doesn't look it she's actually a right 'goer' according to Simon. Up for anything.'

'I really don't know what's got into every one, I really don't.'

'It's called living mother and also enjoying yourself. You should try it.'

'Very funny.' She said again, but I could see I had given her something to think about.

'I know you'll deny it but I could tell you were turned on last night as I told you about Mary.'

'I was just curious and wanted to look out for your welfare.'

'Oh that's what it was... my mistake.' I said as I finished my cereals and put the bowl into the sink. 'I'll see you later, time and tide as they say. I've always liked the one which goes, 'to thine self be true.' I said as I picked up my car keys and left. 

Simon was as keen as everyone else to hear how my evening had gone. He was seeing his MILF later and said he was going to see if he set up a three some. To be honest I wasn't so sure but went along with him, after I was sucked in by his enthusiasm. We found a few scraps in his fridge at lunch time by then I was really looking forward to seeing Anne later. At one I got a text from her checking if I was still coming. I let her know I was.

At two I'd parked on the road out side her house and rang the door bell. Anne opened it a moment later wearing I was pleased to see a short silk dressing gown. Her hard nipples were clearly defined! We kissed hungrily as soon as the door had closed. I undid her gown and pushed it off her shoulders and stepped back to admire her body. 

It was as I was looking at her, Anne said she had a little surprise for me. To my questioning look she took my hand and led me through to their lounge. Kneeling on the floor large as life and completely naked was Diane! 

'Wow!' I thought to myself. Resisting the urge to ask them what was going on I walked over to the kneeing Diane leaned down to kiss her and give her tits a quick feel. 

'Anne, kneel beside Diane.' I said. When she was I took a moment to look at the two of them, as they sat back on their calves with their hands resting lightly on their thighs. Both with the chests pushed out. A more erotic sight I was sure I'd never see again.

As I watched them, I slowly removed my clothes, forcing myself to take my time, to appear as cool as I could. Something which I have to say was easier said than done. Once I was naked I circled the two of them, touching one here and the other there. I nudged Anne's mouth with my erection and she sucked me into her mouth. It was easy to see a look of mild envy upon Diane's face. After a few moments I pulled myself from Anne's mouth and let Diane suck me into her's. Realising I had to be ruthlessly fair I was careful to let Diane suck my dick for only as long as I'd let Anne. 

I told them to go onto all fours which left their rears completely at my disposal. I fingered them both together which actually was trickier than I thought it'd be, but did think it was a trick I'd enjoy practising. Diane was by far the wettest so I slipped myself into her first, I fucked her hard and came quicker than I'd expected. I sat back on the couch and told them to come and sit with me. 

Anne jumped up quickest, surprise surprise. Diane like me was still getting her breath back. We kissed and cuddled on the couch until I was hard again and I fucked Anne where we were while Diane watched from an arm chair.

Afterwards we chatted about what had just happened and as Anne knew about Mary, about her too. Anne loved the photos as much as Diane did. Around four we got dressed, I dropped Diane off on my way to Simon's. 

It's unhealthy for a man to keep something like this afternoon bottled up so I headed to Simon's to unburden my guilt!

If I thought I was going to be able to recharge my batteries in the evening, my hopes were dashed as Simon told me tonight was the only evening his MILF was free all week. 

'Man!' I said. 'You're trying to kill me.' But nether the less scooted off home to eat shower and change. I was clock watching with half an hour to kill when my mother got home. She asked who was having the pleasure of my company this evening, Diane Susan or Mary? I told her I'd probably not see Mary for a week or so, and on an impulse said I'd seem Anne and Diane this afternoon. It took a few minutes for the penny to drop but when it did the effect was priceless. Do you know I even think I caught a trace of pride on her face! Or was it envy? Either way it was good to see. 

'So who are you seeing then?' She almost demanded in an uncharacteristic way. I said it was only Simon and smiled. She squinted, not totally believing me, which cut me to the bone!

I went around to Simon's who looked like a bag of nerves. It took me ages to get out of him what was wrong. Eventually he told me he was getting cold feet about later. It turned out he had about as much desire to be nude and... aroused with me around as I did with him. Houston we have a problem.

We figured the answer was to keep our shorts on and maybe not watch as the other, got his rocks off... to be totally eloquent.

Which as it happened was a beautifully conceived and executed plan. Wendy was a little tubbier than I'd been expecting but it felt really good to hold her soft belly and plump tits. Simon let me go first. I should add we hardly spoke to Wendy. When she opened her door she looked as happy as Larry when she saw me with Simon. She led us to a bedroom quickly took off what she was wearing and as quickly adopted the position. On her back knees up legs open. All that was missing was landing lights. 

Like I said I went first climbed off and Simon had sloppy seconds. Though neither of us are particularly shy, our school had communal showers so we'd seen each other with out clothes innumerable times, we never the less were careful to keep our hardons discreetly hidden. Some things you can't un-see!

I was dressed by the time he'd finished and using the bathroom. He dressed quickly and we left together barely twenty minutes after we'd arrived. Wendy thanked us both and looked very pleased with herself. 

We didn't talk much as we drove back to his place, I got the impression the event hadn't quite lived up his imagination. I was home a lot earlier than usual and for once I wasn't greeted by the Spanish inquisition. I had already decided to keep what had happened with Simon and Wendy a 'need to know' event!

Although my mother didn't quiz me about my evening she did ask me about Mary, specifically what I had planned for her. Wow I thought to myself. I took this as permission to be as descriptive as I could and let her have both barrels as they say. I swear when I'd described every depraved act I could think of, my mother was practically drooling. If I had to choose I'd say it was saying I'd take photos of her especially when she was in degrading positions which excited her the most. 

While I was still with her I text Mary to tell her I wanted to see her some time tomorrow. She text back within seconds to say she could be at home at two for an hour. I showed mom the text and she said to tell her to come here at two and smiled, an evil smile but a smile none the less. I sent the text to which Mary just said she'd be there.

Mom left the room with a definite skip in her step... I didn't find out until the next afternoon exactly why that was.