 It had been several days since my visit to the sorority house. I needed the weekend to rest my overused body 

As Monday afternoon passed I was looking forward to getting home to relax. I was busy on my computer when the knock on the door occurred. 

"Come in." I called toward the door.

"Hi. Are you Mike?"

"Yes, can I help you?"

"Yea, Julie said you could help me out with a problem."

"If I can. What's the problem?"

"I have a software problem." She said walking around the file cabinets near my office door. My mouth nearly fell open as she set down her backpack on the floor next to my desk. She was medium height, slender build and was wearing a zip up sweatshirt and mini-skirt. Her sweat shirt was unzipped part way down and as she bent over to set down her back pack her sweatshirt fell open as far as the zipper would allow, and I was treated to a view down the front of her, including a small but very nicely shaped pair of tits. 

She stayed bent over for some time, digging her notebook from her pack, as I continued to get hard and try to not stare. She finally straightened up with a smile and I offered her a chair. She took the chair and sat across the corner of my desk from me and opened her notebook, setting it down on the corner. She turned it around and began pointing to where her program was not working. I was having a hard time concentrating because in order to sit where she was, she had her knees spread wide, and her skirt was short enough that I could clearly see her pussy and a neatly trimmed patch of hair. 

If I was hard before, I was turning into a steel rod now. Admittedly in the last couple weeks I had a fair amount of pussy, but this young lady seemed to be advertising. I tried to concentrate on the problem and found the missing semicolon after a few minutes of looking. She stood up, thanking me, and bent over again, returning the view of her tits, now topped with hard nipples. She stood for what seemed like a long time putting her notebook away and zipping her pack. When she stood back up straight she smiled and left my office. 

The next morning I was working and the young lady came back, this time with a friend. 

"Do you have time to help me again?" she asked as she came in.

"Sure, come on in and have a seat."

The two of them came in. The young lady had changed from the ultra short denim mini-skirt to a pleated plaid skirt. She had the same sweatshirt on this time, but under she had on a white t-shirt. Her friend was a bit shorter and slightly heavier set, and was wearing a sweater vest and a short powder blue skirt to match. While the young lady sat down at my desk, her friend found a place on one of the tables across the room from me and sat down on the edge. While the first young lady was digging her book from her backpack, I noticed that her friend was slowly swinging her feet. The result was that every time she swung them out to the sides, her knees came apart a little bit, allowing me a view up under her skirt to panties, or where they would have been if she had been wearing any. I was trying not to stare, but the more I tried not to look the farther she swung her knees. She was defiantly teasing me intentionally. Finally the first young lady got her book out and opened. We started working on her problem, and I noticed that her legs pulled farther apart as we worked, again showing me a good view of her pussy. Suddenly she pulled back a little.

"Its hot in here." she said as she leaned back in the chair and pulled her sweat shirt off, leaving her in just the white t-shirt which really did little to hide her obviously hard nipples. She scooted back up, her skirt hitched even higher now. I could see her pussy lips slightly parted and defiantly wet if I looked into her lap. We worked for several more minutes before I found the problem with her program and pointed it out. She thanked me and stood up, thankfully covering her pussy back up. Before she put her sweat shirt back on again, she indicated how hot it was in my office, and then suddenly pulled the hem of her t-shirt from her skirt, pulled the bottom up and used it to wipe her face. In the process she completely uncovered her tits in front of me. I must have groaned audibly as she put her shirt back down and tucked it into her skirt. She picked up her sweat shirt and pulled it on, leaving it unzipped.

"Thanks. I appreciate all you have done for me." She said before she picked up her bag and left with her friend. 

I was now horny as hell and it was going to be a long day. I worked for a few hours, trying to get back on an even keel. I was about to close my door for lunch when another young lady stopped by. I didn't know this one either.

"Can I help you?"

"Yes. I was looking for some information on pressure transducers."

"Sure, come on in." I said as I stepped back from the door and propped it back open.

"Did I disturb you?"

"No, I was going to have lunch, but it can wait. I usually eat at my desk anyway."

"I can come back later if you want."

"No that's fine. Come in and sit down." I said returning to my chair. "Now what can I do to help you?"

She sat down in a chair near me and leaned real close. "I need to find out how to measure the pressure of something."

"Ok. What are you trying to measure?"

She leaned even closer and talked even quieter. "I want to find a way to measure how much pressure a guy's dick has on it when it's inside a pussy." She said with a very red face.

"Is this a joke?" I asked seriously.

"OH NO!" she said defensively. "We have to do a project and it was the only original thing I could think of."

"Well, that is a serious problem then." I said leaning back to think. If she was serious, this was a tough problem. On the other hand if she was pulling my leg, I didn't have to spend much time on it. I needed to find out. "It would seem that you have either one of two issues. How to tell how much pressure is in a single unit in a variety of fixtures, or a variety of units in a single fixture."

She looked at me for a long time. "We want to know how much pressure is exerted by a variety of fixtures on a single unit. That way we can tell which is the tightest fixture."

Now I was seriously confused. It sounded like a real problem, but I just couldn't see any instructor signing off on it.

"Well, the best idea I have is to make a sample unit out of a flexible material, fill it with a fluid and then insert it into the fixtures to see which one creates more pressure. You have to make sure that it is equally inserted though or you wont get good readings."

"That sounds kind of like what I was thinking. Do you have a way to measure the pressure?"

"Static or dynamic?"

"Static would be good but if we could measure the peak pressure and get any transients that would be even better."

"Well if you can come up with an appropriate unit and fixture, I think I have a data acquisition system. We would have to make a good guess as the pressure to select a transducer that might work."

"Good." She said standing up. "I have a unit and fixture for testing." She said. She bent over and pulled a silicone dildo out of her back pack and lifted a foot onto the corner of my desk. She pushed her knee to one side and her pussy was only a couple feet from my face. She took the dildo and put it to her obviously wet pussy lips and started to rub it around. I sat there stunned as she pushed it slowly into her pussy. She let her eyes close and her head fall back as she fed it farther into her. She finally stopped and looked down at me. "That's as far as it goes. Do you think that's far enough in, or should we look for a different unit?"

I was sitting there with a serious hardon praying no one walked into my office. 

"Um... let me close the door." I said as I got up and walked around her to the door. I made sure the handle was locked and then pushed it closed. A closed door was less of a concern to me than her standing there with her skirt up and a fake dick stuffed in her pussy at my desk. "Now tell me that this is serious." I said returning to my chair.

"It is." She said as she pulled her skirt up farther and leaned toward me farther. "It all started as a stupid idea of who had a tighter pussy, and well, we had this project for class, and I just thought...."

"I hope your going to produce some sanitized data and not demonstrate it."

"Oh god no!" she almost cried out. "I could never do that in front of a class."

"But you can do it in front of me?"

"Well... yes. You're not a stranger."

"I'm not? Where have we met before?"

"Well, you didn't see me I don't think but I had to use the bathroom when you were in the shower the other day."

I lowered my head to my desk. "OH Christ!"

"It's ok. I didn't mind. But Julie said you could figure anything out, so I thought this would be a way to solve the argument once and for all."

"Ok." I said. "I think I have what you need, but I don't know if it's the right pressure range." I said with seriousness.

"So how do we figure it out?" she asked while she was slowly starting to slide the dildo in and out of her pussy. 

"I guess we make a good guess and go from there." I said watching as she began to stroke it faster. I sat there watching, and getting hornier and harder.

"Do you want to see if you can make a good guess about how much pressure we are talking about here?" She asked, closing her eyes and breathing harder.

I reached out and touched the end, and her fingers, and she let go of it and let me take control. I stroked it slowly in and out of her, squeezing the base of it and trying to gage how much pressure it had on it. It was an interesting problem, but I was quickly losing focus and paying more attention to what it was doing to her. While I pushed the dildo in and out of her she pulled her shirt and bra up and started squeezing and playing with her very nice tits. 

"Fuck I want to cum so bad!" she groaned.

I reached up with my free hand and started working her exposed clit. It didn't take too much more and I had her spasming and grunting as she came, her juices squeezing around the dildo and onto my fingers. After several seconds she reached down and took my hand from the dildo and pulled it out and put her foot down. Her tits were still hanging out from under her shirt. She stepped over toward me and pulled my hand to her tit, and placed it flat on it. Then she reached down and began undoing my belt and pants. It didn't take her long to get my dick out of my pants and sticking straight up. She turned around and sat on my lap, my dick sticking up between her legs. I felt her push it against her wet pussy and then lift herself enough to push me into sopping pussy. I could hear it squish as I sunk into her. 

"Now how much pressure do you think this is?" she asked as she began to rock on my dick, causing it to slide in and out of her.

"It's hard to tell, I keep getting bigger." I said almost breathless with what she was doing to me.

"I know. I can tell." She said

"I'm going to cum!" I warned between gritted teeth.

"I know! Do it." She said in a squeaky voice, obviously starting another orgasm of her own.

I let myself go and my dick started shooting cum deep into her pussy. The feeling of my cum pushing into her sent her over the edge and she started shaking and spasming like she had before. It felt like an hour, but was probably only a minute or so before we got back down enough for her to move. She pulled off of me, allowing out combined juices to flow from her. Part of it was on me and part was running down her legs. She turned around to face me again and bent over sucking my shrinking dick into her mouth, sucking and licking our cum off of me. 

She worked at it until I was clean and then tucked me into my pants and buckled me all back up. She still had cum leaking down her leg, so she put her foot up on the desk again and used her finger to collect it all up and licked it. "God I like the taste of cum." She said with a smile.

"I guess you do. I don't think you missed a drop." 

"I hope not." She said as she leaned over me again, pulling both my hands to her still exposed tits. "I also hope that you're able to be there to help me test my pressure gage." She said before she started kissing me with lots of tongue.

After she broke the kiss I responded. "If that was supposed to be a bribe, it worked. I'll help you."

She stood up and fixed her clothes back and then picked up her pack. "Good. I'll be back tomorrow for help on mounting the transducer." She said before she opened the door and walked out.

I had no idea what was going on. This was way too many girls in way to short of a time taking an interest in me. I thought that maybe it was due to the lightning, but I hadn't even touched these young ladies...Something else was going on. I just didn't know what it was, but I was bound and determined to find out.

It had been an interesting morning, but the day wasn't over yet. While I was working on Emily's data acquisition program, I had a visit from another young lady. I had my back to the office door and was working on my laptop at one of my work tables, when I heard her knock. I turned around and nearly fell out of my chair. The young lady standing in the door was wearing a micro skirt and one of those bare midriff t-shirts. This was topped off with a backpack which made her chest stick out even more. To say she looked hot was an understatement. She looked good enough to easily be a playboy model.

"Are you Doctor C?" She asked from the door.

"Yes, can I help you?"

"I need some help with a temperature problem."

I thought to myself that I was about to have a temperature problem, but answered. "I'll be happy to help if I can."

"Oh good!" she said as she pulled the back pack off her back. She set it on the ground and crouched down behind it. As I watched she let her knees spread while she dug in the bag, giving me a tremendous view under her 'almost there' skirt. She had on a pair of thong panties that really didn't hide much at all. She finally pulled her notebook from her bag and stood up, walking over toward me. I pulled a chair over for her and she sat down in it. "Can you explain to me how the cold bath works?" she asked as she opened the notebook.

"Sure." I said sliding my desk chair over to where she was sitting. As I talked I felt her hand work its way across my leg, eventually ending up in my lap, stroking my hard dick through my pants. This continued until I finished my explanation and she indicated that she understood. 

"Thank you." She said as she pushed her chair back from my table. Instead of getting up, she pushed herself back until she was sitting behind my desk, which put the lower portion of her blocked from the door by my file cabinets and computer monitors. "You deserve a reward for helping me." She said. 

She reached to her shirt and pushed the already short bottom up over her tits. They were so firm I had no idea she didn't have a bra on. They stood out like a pair of cantaloupe halves with nipples at the ends. They were also well tanned with no tan lines at all. Then she reached down and pulled her skirt up as far as it would go. She wiggled her butt a little side to side as she pulled down the strings of her thong, until she had it pulled down. She bent over and pulled it off her feet and tossed it into my lap. "A souvenir for you." She said as she leaned back in the chair and spread her legs. She was about as naked as you could be and still have clothes on. Other than a small amount of cloth above her tits and a small band around her waist, she was naked and with her legs spread she was displaying it all for me. 

I watched as she reached down to her pussy and began to stroke her clit. My hard dick was about to bust out of my pants when she pulled her hand from her pussy and stood up, pulling her shirt and skirt down. She took me by the hand and nearly drug me around behind the wall of cabinets. As soon as we were out of sight she had her shirt pulled back up, exposing her tits and pulled my hands to them. She wrapped one arm around my neck pulling me in for a wet kiss, her mouth practically attacking mine while her other hand franticly undid my belt and pants, pushing them down enough to get my raging dick out. She stroked it a few times and then leaned back breaking her vigorous kiss. Then she did something unusual, she leaned her back against the wall, and lifted one leg high, wrapping her leg around my ass. She guided my dick toward her wet pussy and as soon as she had it lined up, pulled me into her with her leg. I felt her tight tunnel expand around my head as she drew me deeper into her tight pussy. When she had me fully inside her, my head pressing against the end of her tunnel, she reached down and began to play with her clit while holding me deep inside her with her leg. 

The feeling she created was spectacular. I didn't have to move at all. Her pussy began to ripple inside, trying to pull me deeper and milking me at the same time. It was an awesome feeling. I put my hands to good use working her breasts, making sure to tweak and twist her rock hard nipples. The closer she got the more her pussy worked on me and the closer it brought me. I was finally over the top and with a groan I started pumping cum into her pussy. The feeling of my hot cum pushing into her was enough to send her over the top and she froze, going rigid, except for her pussy, which was going wild on my pulsing dick, milking me as it rippled up and down my pulsating shaft. She slowly began to relax, her breathing becoming less of a pant and more of a deep breathing. 

"That was unbelievable." I said when my own breathing became normal.

"Thank you." She whispered, pulling me close enough for a kiss.

We kissed passionately for some minutes while my dick softened. When I slid from her she broke the kiss and lowered her foot from behind me. She quickly pulled her shirt down to cover her gorgeous tits and then pulled her skirt down gain, looking totally normal except for her still flushed face. "Thank you for a wonderful fuck. Most guys don't think to help things along like you did. I hope you enjoyed it."

"I did, more than you could know." I said as she gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek and headed around the cabinets. By the time I had my pants back up and buckled she was gone, leaving only her pair of thong panties on my chair. 

I sat back at my chair and tried again to concentrate on the daq program. It was nearing quitting time when I got it working the way I wanted. I was putting the final touches on when I had another knock on the door. I turned and a young lady wearing a black sleeveless dress was standing at the office door.

"Can I help you?"

"Yes I was told I could come here to check out a computer projector."

Actually it was down the hall, but I wasn't about to send this one away. Her dress was so short that it looked like it barely covered her ass. It was lacy and appeared partially see through, with buttons down the front.

"Sure I can help you." I said sliding over to my computer to pull up the appropriate screen. She came over and sat down in the rolling chair near my table and turned to face me. The computer took its time opening the page which gave me a chance to look at the young lady as she sat down near me. Her skirt was so short that she couldn't really cover her whole lap. As I watched she pulled the material tight across her lap and spread her legs, showing me her blond pussy hairs. As she sat she leaned back a bit more and slid down in the chair more, until I had an unrestricted view of her pussy, her outer lips round and full, hiding her soft inner lips.

She looked around nervously, then got up and stepped over to the door. She pushed it closed, and then standing behind it, began to unbutton the top buttons of her dress. She continued to unbutton until it was open all the way down, a streak of bare white skin extending up from her blond pussy up to her neck. Still looking nervous, she stepped to where I could see her from head to toe and pulled the dress from her shoulders, exposing her bare breasts. Then she let the dress fall to the floor, exposing her creamy body and firm little A cup tits. She stepped from her flip flops and walked over to me and bent down and kissed me, wearing absolutely nothing. She lingered with her kisses long enough for me to reach up and cup both of her small breasts. They were small, but appeared to be sensitive. Her face flushing while I worked on her nipples. I felt her hands working on my belt and soon felt her hands go around my hardening dick. She didn't waste any time. As soon as I was fairly hard, she climbed over the arms of my chair and aimed my dick at her pussy. I felt her engulf it with her pussy as she lowered herself down on me. She stayed on my dick only a short time, before kissing me. Muttering a thank you, and climbing off of me. She quickly dressed, while I put my pants back together. After she finished dressing she came back and kissed me again. "Can I pick that projector up in the morning?"
