 Hi Everyone... This is my first entry, but I'm hoping it will be the first of many. This scene starts with my best friend, his little sister and me waiting for a table to open up outside of a restaurant. Comments, good or bad, are encouraged.

Thanks! 

*

There was hardly any room between us, but Amanda managed to wiggle her petite body right in there. She was leaning mostly on me as I felt I did a good job of hiding my uncomfortable excitement. She had grown up so fast, I can't even remember how long it had been since I had seen her. She was suddenly this beautiful teenager; still as skinny as ever, but now with perfectly shaped breasts and an insanely cute butt. Her big, brown eyes gave her beautiful young face an innocence that was too adorable to ignore. She looked up at me like a younger sister as we waited for a table to open up.

Soon after she squeezed between us, her brother removed himself from the bench to wait inside with the crowd. Amanda stayed leaning against me, ignoring the now empty other half of the bench. I asked her about school, trying to play everything cool. She knew enough about me that her feelings were already made up on me, and this was no time for me to make any sort of move. The idea was to just play it cool.

"Are you still dating Maria?" She asked.

"Not at the moment. How's Justin?"

"It's Jason." She corrected. An honest mistake on my part.

"We don't talk much anymore, he's off at school and we ended things."

"Sorry to hear that. You should be focusing on colleges anyway."

I couldn't help but still act big brotherly. My attraction to her is more because of my perversion than anything else. I know I shouldn't feel this way, but what could I do?

"He had a small penis anyway." She responded casually.

I couldn't help but let out a chuckle. She now had this mouth like a sailor. I should probably tell her to keep it clean, but who was I to talk? Pretty sure I taught her every bad word in the book.

"That isn't something I want to hear..."

"Face it, I'm grown up now." She interrupted. "I just turned 18, I'm not the innocent girl you once knew."

This was something I could not deny, I had to control my urges. Amanda adjusted her lean against me to get closer and rubbed against me in a way I wish she hadn't. It was cold out and she was clearly just looking for warmth. The conversation got silent and I found my imagination taking control of my mind. My cock twitched in my jeans. I tried to act like nothing happened, but she was having none of that.

"HAHA... you have got to be kidding me..." Embarrassment ruled my face, and I was speechless. "Guys really are all the same huh...? Don't worry about it, I won't say anything, I am complimented by your attraction." She added with a smile, looking up at me with her beautiful eyes.

The submissive look made things worse, I twitched again, and Amanda's smile grew with a chuckle.

"Sorry." I finally mustered.

"I said not to worry about it. Let me help you out."

Amanda squirmed a little to reach her tiny hand around to my waist. She was able to slip it into my jeans and instantly put her tiny fist right around my cock. Her hand was freezing cold, but it felt amazing. She immediately began stroking. I grabbed her wrist.

"Stop it. There are people around."

"Oh shut up... you're the one that got turned on.... and no one is around, the street is empty. Everyone else is inside."

"You're brother is one of those people."

"You can't tell anyway. Just looks like we're sitting here."

She continued stroking and I was helpless to resist. My cock grew quickly. Amanda sat there with the smile on her face only getting larger.

"Holy shit." She added. "You're huge."

"Thanks."

"I'm serious, when is this thing going to stop growing?"

I was almost fully erect. Amanda's eyes opened wider as the length of my erection increased.

"Have you ever measured this thing? It's gigantic."

I'm a little bigger than average in terms of length, but girls are most impressed by my thickness. Amanda quickly removed her hand when she saw John waving us in from the restaurant, signaling that the table was ready. Amanda got up first, I followed and quickly was able to hide my erection in my waistband. Amanda walked in with a smile on her face, while I cautiously looked around to make sure no one was looking. Amanda added something under her breath before we got to the door, but I couldn't make it out.

Amanda and John sat next to each other in the booth, with me across the table. Didn't take long for her to start playing footsie with me. This girl was taking way to much pleasure in teasing me. I was in way over my head. After we ordered, I needed a moment and excused myself to the bathroom. As I walked through the diner and into the restroom, I didn't even notice her right behind me.

"What are you doing?" I asked with surprise.

"I told you to meet me in here... Didn't realize you were so anxious, I was going to wait until after, but this works for me also."

As she said all of this, she undid my belt buckle and was taking me out of my pants.

"We cannot do this." I struggled to grab any sort of control of the situation

"We already are." She replied.

I looked down just in time to see my cock sticking out of my fly and watched Amanda close her eyes and put her perfect lips right over my head, sliding my cock into her wet little mouth. The sensation ruled me. My whole body relaxed as I fell into a lean against the stall. Amanda opened up her eyes and looked right up at me, a little smirk on her face as she felt me get fully erect. She removed my cock from her mouth, gave a light kiss to the tip and said: "Just relax. Give me two minutes, and then we'll go back out."

I nodded. What else could I do? Amanda grabbed my cock with both hands and guided it back to her lips. She didn't waste any time as she began jerking and sucking just about every inch of me at the perfect speed. It had been 3 days since my last orgasm, and I typically was a twice a day kind of guy, so I could feel myself close. I continued to look down at Amanda while she went to work. It appeared as though her eyes were closed. I knew that if I wanted to cum in the limited time frame I would need to change that.

"You like that big cock, baby?"

Amanda immediately looked up at me with her big eyes and moaned a nice long yes, taking me to a whole new level of pleasure. She must have noticed this, because she continued to look up at me submissively and moaned in pleasure as she went faster and faster with my member. My balls tightened as I felt it coming.

"Here it comes, baby."

Amanda removed my cocked from her mouth and began furiously jerking it off with one hand, aiming me right at her face as she closed her eyes. "Show me that big load." She begged.

I didn't stand a chance. I erupted, a huge string of cum hit her right on the face, a huge line from her chin, all the way to her forehead. She smiled as the second shot hit her the same way on the other side. The smile became a slight laugh of joy. The third rope hit her on the mouth as she opened up to accept the rest of my load. The fourth squirt went straight down her throat. I looked down to see her smirk again as the fifth and sixth soon followed. She swallowed and put my cock right back on her tongue as she started sucking again. I felt the seventh string join them. She looked up at me, still sucking hard as I convulsed the last few spurts into her. Her face was soaked in my cum and she still worked like a champion. Eyes wide open as I caught my breathe and was brought slowly back to reality. I basically had to pry Amanda off of me as she just didn't want to stop. I cleaned myself off as she went to the sink to clean her face. I went up behind her to make sure she was all good she turned quickly to give me a hard romantic kiss. The look of pure satisfaction ruled her face as the now familiar smirk took over again.

"Thanks." She added softly as she vacated the restroom.

I threw some water on my face and tried to come up with an alibi for John. I left a few seconds later to see Amanda already explaining everything. Apparently I walked in first and the place was a mess, so I straightened it up a bit before Amanda went in. Waited for her and then did my thing. Who knew I was such a gentleman...