 This is a follow up to my first story (http://www.literotica.com/s/just-a-bj). That is a pretty quick read & I suggest reading it first though it probably isn't totally necessary. As always, thank you for the feedback (positive or negative) all is encouraged. 

*

As soon as we got into the theater, Amanda was unable to keep her hands off me. We had to keep our relationship a secret (if you could call a blowjob in a restroom and some dirty cell phone pictures a relationship) and going to a movie theater 3 towns over seemed like a good way to do that.

She started by rubbing my leg and kissing me all over my neck and cheek and my lips. I tried to hold her back, at least until the lights went down, but I was useless against her advances. Amanda continued to be all over me and, luckily, it didn't take too long for the theater to grow darker.

She took it to the next level once the lights did go down. My belt was unbuckled and her hands went straight down my shorts before I even knew it. We had a perfect spot in the theater; towards the back, kind of in the middle, with people in our area in front of us, but not close enough to see anything that went on. By the time the previews started, my cock was fully erect and sticking out of my shorts as Amanda began licking it up and down.

Amanda seemed to be infatuated with teasing me, kissing and licking my cock, watching me closely with a smirk across her face as I begged with my eyes for her to just put me all the way in. She sucked each of my balls into her mouth and began to slowly jerk me off. She continued rubbing as she brought her beautiful face up to mine to give me a passionate kiss on the lips. When we parted she went right to me ear, kissed my lobe gently and whispered:

"I've been craving your big, thick cock, baby.... It's been way too long."

I nodded lightly in agreement, tilting my head back in pleasure as she swiftly moved back down and put my rock hard cock into her wet mouth. She worked her tongue all the way around my head. I couldn't do anything but stare down in amazement. She must have felt it as she came back up and added:

"Don't worry, just sit back and enjoy the movie... I'm going to take it nice and slow..."

There wasn't a chance of me paying attention to anything happening on screen. Here I was with a beautiful 18-year-old girl worshiping my cock in public, I was going to focus all of my energy on drinking in every aspect of this moment.

She guided my hands across her tight, young body. Introducing me to her petite frame and each of her perky, young breasts. I flicked her soft nipples and felt her wince in pleasure as I explored her. Amanda moaned softly and pushed her body against me. She looked up at me with her big eyes as she slowly wrapped her fingers around the base of my cock. I moved my arms out of the way to let her start. She brought her face down and carefully guided me right back into her mouth. 

I grunted out quietly in release. The pleasure was intense. Being in public made things that much better. I glanced around at the other people in the theater. They were all oblivious to what was going on behind them.

Amanda was doing everything right, handling my cock with care and caressing my balls gently, seemingly knowing everything that I wanted before I even knew that I wanted it. 

"Good job, baby... Put it all the way in."

She happily obliged, sticking every inch of me down her throat slowly. I wasn't sure that she could handle it all, but there was no stopping her. I felt her gag a little as she continued to move her lips lower and lower. She recovered nicely and stopped herself about an inch from the bottom, still managing to massage me with her tongue. She brought herself back up and began moving my cock in and out while simultaneously jerking me off.

I rubbed my hand through her hair as she continued to pleasure me.

After awhile, Amanda needed a break. She removed me from her mouth, rubbed her hand along the head of my cock and looked up at me with a smile. I leaned down to kiss her lips, she closed her eyes, our lips met and then she went right back to work.

I tried to watch the movie as she took care of me, but I was unable to focus. Amanda began moaning quietly with me still inside of her. I couldn't do anything but sit back and enjoy, my head rolling back as I began to lose all control.

Amanda lifted herself up, so that only the head of my cock was in her tight little mouth, and began jerking off my cock. Lightly grazing her hand up and down my shaft as I searched with my hands for something to hold onto.

I felt my balls tighten as they prepared for the big release. Amanda tightened her grip little by little as I lost control. The first blast was so sudden that I wasn't even sure that it happened. A huge stream flowed straight down Amanda's throat as she accepted it willingly. The second blast had so much power that Amanda was clearly taken back, but it didn't stop her. It was immediately followed by the third which had her noticeably rattled. A forth blast put her over the edge. Amanda was forced to withdraw as she got up coughing, choking on the huge load that I had rewarded her work with. She sat up normally in case anyone turned around and was quickly able to collect herself. She had continued to jerk me off as I was still in another world. A fifth stream had shot out onto the seat in front of me, followed quickly by a sixth and seventh. Amanda was able to recover in time to guide the rest into her hand as she milked everything she could out of me. 

I came back to Earth to see Amanda starring at me with the biggest smile in the world. She was still jerking me off to make sure that every last drop was out and there was a glob of my cum still on her chin that she didn't seem to know about. With her wide eyes and innocent smile I couldn't help but return the smile. I gave her a quick kiss on the forehead and we laughed quietly about the mess I left on her face. 

She pulled a towel out of her bag and wiped her hands before cleaning the rest of me off. There was only about 30 minutes left in the movie, and Amanda spent the entire time nestled right up against me, under my arm.

......................................................................................................................................................

We grabbed dinner after the movie, and everything felt normal. It felt very much like a date even though we weren't really dating. Amanda made some jokes about taking me back to the bathroom and repeating what happened the last time we had a meal together, but I was able to control her. I was enjoying things the way they were.

As the night came to an end, we walked to the car and I opened the door up for Amanda. Before we got in I gave her a big, romantic kiss. She wrapped her arms around me and I pulled her close. Her lips were so soft that I couldn't resist. I put my hands on her hips and explored her beautiful body, slowly forcing her against the car as I kissed her harder. I could feel her being totally taken in by the passion. I worked my hand up to her breast and gave it a gentle squeeze. She quivered at my touch. My dick was growing harder as I pushed it up against her waist. Before we could get any further, I pulled myself away and guided her into her seat. I got her in and closed her door before she even realized she was sitting down, and, collecting myself, walked slowly to the driver's seat. 

I noticed Amanda fidgeting when I got in but I didn't pay much attention as I just focused on getting her home before anyone grew suspicious. Amanda was rubbing my leg gently. 

"I have something for you." She broke the silence, snapping me out of my trance. She continued to rub my leg. For the first time, I noticed something in Amanda's hand, rubbing closer and closer to my crotch. I looked down and saw what was bunched up in her tiny hand.... a lacy, black thong.

"I took it off when we first got into the car... I'm so wet for you, baby." Amanda whispered the last part into my ear and kissed my ear lobe. 

I focused on the road, but had no way to defend myself. Amanda was now rubbing my cock with her left hand and using her right to guide my free hand under her skirt. 

The girl wasn't lying, she was soaking wet under her skirt and not having any underwear on made it even better. I began rubbing her, listening to her moans of pleasure. I slowed down the car, trying to be as safe as possible on the empty road. Meanwhile, Amanda unzipped my fly and set my rock hard cock free. She let out a moan of satisfaction once she got a firm grip around my thick member. Her tiny hand barely fit around me, I rubbed her harder and watched as she closed her eyes and tilted her head back in pleasure.

"I can't wait to fuck your big cock, baby." I rubbed harder.... "I can't help but think about it being inside of my tight, little pussy.... I want it soooooo bad."

With this, I slid two fingers inside of her. Amanda let out a squeal of release. She was slowly stroking my cock, but hardly was able to focus on that as I finger fucked her harder and harder.

"Oh yeah, baby.... I love you inside of me... More... More... More!"

I kept going, trying to go as deep as I could from my angle; twirling my fingers around inside of her virgin pussy. Amanda squeezed my cock harder as she moaned closer and closer to orgasm. She had given up on jerking as she desperately searched for something to hold onto.

"OOOOOHHHHHH.... I'M CUMMMMINNNGGGG, BAAABBBBBBBBYYYYYYYY!!! OHHHHH YEEEAAAAHHHH!!!! YES! YES!!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!!

I just kept going... Harder and harder... Trying to do everything to make this girl scream while I continued to drive. Amanda's orgasm controlled her and screams seemed to echo through the car. My erection was still standing straight up as I gave this young girl absolute pleasure. I was so turned on by what I was able to do to her. I still could barely accept the fact that this was Amanda—the girl I had known since she was just a kid. Now a beautiful young woman with a soaking wet pussy, coming off of the orgasm of a lifetime.

Eventually, she worked herself back down. I slowly removed my fingers from her and continued to drive. My penis was still exposed and still hard. I had a huge smile on my face, there was a sense of pride in fulfilling her needs, finally doing something for her after she did so much for me.

Amanda was totally relaxed, slouching in her seat. She came to with a huge grin on her face and giggled with satisfaction. She gave me a peck on the cheek and reached into my lap to get her hand back around my thick cock. 

"Thanks, baby. That felt incredible." The way she spoke these words made it sound like she had just come back from heaven.

I nodded and smiled, breathing a bit heavier as she began to stroke my cock. Still with a giant smile on her face, she brought her lips in front of mine and gave me a big wet kiss. I tried to concentrate on the road as the car swerved a little, but I think I did a pretty good job. Amanda realized the distraction and brought herself around to my ear.

"The only way this could be better is if I could see you shoot another load." She whispered into my ear. "Focus on the road and let me play with your nice, strong cock, baby."

Amanda kissed me softly on the cheek and rested her head on my shoulder as she continued to stroke me. My mind drifted off to the memory of her screams of joy from just moments before. Amanda got faster and faster as precum began to ooze out of my slit. As soon as she felt the wetness drip down to her hand, Amanda began to slow down. 

"Mmmmmmm...." She moaned, taking her head off my shoulder and swiftly putting her lips right around me, sucking up any precum she could find. She bobbed her head on me a little bit as I lifted my hips slightly to try and go as deep as possible. Just as smoothly as she went down, she quickly came right back up to my shoulder, and went right back to jerking me off. 

The moisture was perfect, and I could feel that I was getting close. We were beginning to see cars on the road, and getting closer to town. Suddenly there was a pressure to finish this up before we could get caught. I was doing everything I could to keep my mind clear as Amanda got faster and faster, determined to release that second load from my balls which were tightening up in preparation for my orgasm. 

"That feel good, baby? You going to show me that nice warm load?"

Amanda was now looking up at me with her big, brown eyes, clearly in great anticipation of my cumshot.

"Where do you want to cum, baby? You want me to swallow everything like a good girl?"

Any self control that I was holding onto at that moment was focused on controlling the car. I must have subconsciously nodded because I don't remember being able to speak. Amanda put her head right down and began bobbing while simultaneously jerking me off right down her throat. She let out a strong moan and I was a goner. 

"Oh yeah, baby... Here I cum..."

Amanda stopped moving her head with her lips puckered tightly around the head of my cock. She began milking my shaft as I squirted each strand of jizz straight down her throat. Her other hand was gently rubbing my balls as they unleashed my load. I gripped the steering wheel with my left hand and brought my right down to stroke her hair. I felt Amanda swallow as she continued to do her best to force every bit of cum out of me. 

"Ready to go all the way down, baby?" This was more a warning than an actual question. I couldn't help myself.

Amanda moaned what was clearly a "Yes" and removed her hand from my cock. I pushed down on her head gently and slowly thrust my hips upward into her. Amanda took it all like a champ. Deepthroating my big cock perfectly as I shot the last small squirts straight against her tonsils. After a few moments, I released her, having experienced such pleasure that it was all I could do. Amanda gave me one last big suck, bringing her hand back to milk and remaining semen slowly onto her tongue.

I wasn't sure how much time had gone by. I know that I got us back to town safely, but I was so lost in the moment I was really just going through the motions. Amanda cleaned me up and put me right back into my shorts. She nestled her head up against me and thanked me for such a great day. This girl was a dream come true, fulfilling all of my fantasies without me even having to ask. I wasn't sure when I would see her again, but I know I wanted it to be soon.