 Carla, laying with her knees bent toward John's head, ran her fingers in an absent-minded circle on his inner thigh, the taste of his seed still in her mouth, warm and a bit salty. 

"Mmmmmmmm, that was fun," she thought, smiling slyly.

John, whose head nearly exploded with his hard-earned orgasm, had his eyes closed and was enjoying the feeling of her finger. The post-coital moments were the better with Carla than with any of the other women he had ever been with. She just wanted to be there, not necessarily talking and not getting up and running to the bathroom to clean up right away. They had enjoyed each other's company many times and it never felt awkward - unless there was someone else involved. 

When there were other people in the room, all bets were off. Right now, though the two were wrapped up in their own little Gordian Knot after sharing a really big O. 

The medication John was on for his broken leg had made it hard for him to cum, but it didn't hurt his sex drive. In fact, he wondered if it had made him even hornier. When one of his ex-girlfriends had her wisdom teeth pulled, she had reacted that way. She was off in la-la land, but just with it enough to be frisky with the rest of her body. 

John remembered the way she just laid there and rubbed her pussy through her panties. Making long strokes down the cleavage of her lips with her ring finger, which she always used to masturbate. That had always struck John as weird, but it wasn't like he minded. 

He liked the show, especially when she pulled her panties - white lace ones with a little bow on the front - to one side and went for her clit, making circles on it as she started to arch her back and...

John's cock jumped a little. It made a little string out of the cum that Carla had not caught when he blew. It had pooled on his lower abdomen and begun to cool. 

The sudden feeling of movement surprised Carla, who had lapsed into a dreamlike state, eyes half-closed and reveling in the warm afterglow. 

They both realized at the same time that John's cock had come back to life. Not only that, it had never really gone down - at least not all the way. Must have been the medication, she thought, echoing his unspoken beliefs. 

"Someone is ready for round two, isn't he," she said, looking back at him again and nudging his still-hardening member with her knuckles.

John looked down at her, smiling and running over the logistics in his head. He had multiple fractures from an ill-advised rollerblading incident, which landed him in front of a moving car. He had an air-cast on his right leg, slightly elevated with a pillow underneath it. He was glad it had not been one of those hard casts most hospitals still used. If it had been, Carla might have knocked herself out with it, she had been bobbing her head up and down so fast on it. 

Reading his expression, which was obviously exaggerated by the pain pills, she said, "Yeah, it's too bad about the leg. I could use a little more of this." And with that, she grabbed firmly onto his cock, which had risen to say hello. "Looks like he could use a release too," she said, now stroking him slowly but firmly. "Wanna try the same position again?" 

That wasn't what she wanted necessarily, but she understood that John was hurt bad and didn't want to make it worse. She cared about him - and besides, the sooner he healed, the sooner they could get back to what she called "sexcapades" when she talked about John with her friends. 

John knew she wanted more. She was what bad porn movies called "insatiable." Whether it was with a man, a woman or a battery-powered boyfriend, she had to get off at least four times a day. And John wanted to give her at least one more. 

"No, lets try something different," he said with a smile. "Come up here and give me a kiss first, though."

With that, she swung her legs off the side of the bed. The floor was cold on her bare feet, shoes discarded as she had mounted the bed earlier. She hopped back up quickly and shivered a little. The cold tile had set off a chill through her and reminded her she was pantiless. 

"Mmmmm," she said, as she kissed John square on the mouth as she straddled him. "I taste good, don't I?"

"Yeah, you do," John said with a little chuckle. God, she was sexy in that candy-striper uniform. 

She was sitting on top of his dick now, and her warmth was radiating around the underside of his shaft. She rubbed her freshly-shaven pussy along his length and he could feel her moisture returning. She could go from 0-to-soaking faster than any woman he knew. 

"You are going to take it easy on me, right?" he asked. 

"You just lay back and enjoy," she said as she leaned back and flipped her lustrous red hair back over her shoulders. "Candy-striper Carla is gonna make you all better."

And with that she undid the strap that was holding the red-and-white-striped uniform up around her bosom. As the straps fell, they made the little metallic clink that clasps make when they rub fabric. She then pulled her white cotton top to reveal a braless chest.

Her nipples jutted from her B-cup breasts like diamond cutters, and just as hard. As she pulled the top over her head, she jostled a little bit to make it go, and she liked the way John's rock-hard manhood felt rubbing against her clit. She figured that if she really wanted to, she could get off without even letting him inside. 

She wanted it all though, and John removed any doubt as he reached up and pulled her down to his face. He sucked the left nipple into his mouth like a baby seeking its dinner. There was nothing childish about this though and she was quickly in thrall, humping his cock as it lay against his belly. 

John rolled her nipple around in his mouth with his tongue. Pulling it in deeper as he did. 

She moaned quietly and approvingly. Just as he had paid attention to her nub earlier in the night, John was giving her nip the full treatment now. Her body responded, nipple tightening, back arching, driving her down harder on his now painfully hard cock. 

He release her from his mouth long enough to seek the other globe within his grasp, sucking the right nipple in as he used his right hand to massage her left breast. 

She was making a soft moan, and running her hands through his long brown hair as she rocked back and forth with the force of his mouth and tongue. Below the red-and-white-striped skirt of her costume, a rainforest of hot, wet heaven bared down on him almost oppressively, waiting for him to enter. 

Carla pulled back on his hair, forcing his closed eyes open, up and away from her breasts, so that they locked with hers. 

"I want you in me," she breathed and arched her hips for emphasis. John got her meaning and was more than willing to comply, releasing her so that she could maneuver him into her. 

But now there was a problem. His air-cast made it difficult for her to move her legs back far enough to get in a conventional position with her on top. 

She frowned a little at this, the thought of the build-up going to waste, before bumping one of the cold metal rails at the side of the hospital bed. She shivered, and then inspiration struck. John watched the wheels turning in her head and would have been amused if the blood for his brain weren't otherwise occupied. 

"OK," she said reaching down and yanking the rails up until they snapped into place on either side of the bed. "Keep your arms and, er, leg, inside the bed at all times."

She smiled, got up to a crouch on her feet and turned around. Then she reached down with her right hand, still a little cold from grabbing the railing, held his cock erect and guided it into her pussy as she balanced with her left hand. Whatever coldness had transferred from her hand to John's cock was immediately forgotten as her warmth engulfed him. He felt his head and then his shaft sliding up and into her warm, tight crease as she sat down on his member reverse cowgirl style. It felt so good around him. 

Carla, too, was enjoying the feeling of him fully inside her, squeezing her sugar walls around his girth before standing up just a little. She flexed her thighs as she did this and felt a little wobbly, but still determined. 

She began to move up and down on him, then, balancing herself by holding the rails. Up and down, she pistoned on him, growing hotter and wetter as she did. Looking down, she could see John disappearing into her, her juices covering his rod and glimmering in the light.

John laid there, enjoying the sensation of her riding him and the view of her ass moving increasingly faster up and down underneath her skirt, which was now bunched around her hips. Her pussy, now boiling hot around him, was amazing and he realized that, medication or not, he would cum a lot sooner this time than he had with her sucking his cock earlier. 

As she rode him, Carla was coming to a similar conclusion about her own orgasm. She was excited just by fucking in the hospital, but he felt so good in her that she felt like she was going to peak after only a few minutes. Not a problem. She was good for multiples if John was able. 

With that thought she dropped down further on his cock and actually made a bit of a thud on his pelvis, which she had avoided until then, fearing she would hurt his leg.

"Uggghhh," John said through gritted teeth.

"Sorry," she said breathlessly, turning her head so that she could have look at John through a maze of red locks, but not really stopping. 

"It's OK," he said, thinking "Just be careful," but not wanting to interrupt her rhythm. It felt too good. 

He reached up and cupped her ass then, both for the feeling of it in his hands and for a little insurance against a similar accident. He squeezed her cheeks and the feeling of them in his hands as she slid up and down on him drove him to the edge. 

"I think ... I'm ... gonna ... cum," he said through ragged breaths. 

And with that, his legs tightened and Carla knew he was close. She reached down with her right hand and started playing ferociously with her clit and still bouncing on his cock, trying to finish as he did. 

John launched a volley of hot cum into her then, breathing an "mmmmmpppphhh," as he did. The release triggered Carla's orgasm then, and the cum John had just sprayed into her was almost washed out with the force of her own. 

"Oh, uuummmggh," she said in a voice that had to be loud enough to alert the attending nurse that someone else was in the room. For a second she forgot her own name, she thought, and certainly where she was. 

She released the railing without thinking and John, in his own world as well, almost lost his grip on her ass. She nearly came tumbling into the bed before she grabbed the railing again and John braced her back with his hands. 

"Whoa," they both said in unison, and then laughed, almost out of breath as she lay down with her back to his chest. 

They lay there then, breathing heavily and close to sleep.

"I should get hurt more often," John said, near to nodding off. "These beds come in handy."

He could feel her body shudder in a silent laugh of agreement. 

Lying there with his eyes closed, John thought he heard a door squeaking and wondered if someone had heard them. But nah, that was probably down the hall somewhere. 

They lumbered of to sleep.