 You had invited me to come over after work so you could show me those new pretty things you bought at VS's on your Way home from the bar. The shift had got busy, one crisis after another. I had spent the last four hours putting out fires that my staff just couldn't deal with.

"Oh shit!" It was already ten o'clock and I told you I would see you by seven. Now there was going to be another hot one to deal with.

I arrived at your apartment by ten thirty and let myself in with the spare key you had given me. I could hear the tv coming from the bedroom, but no lights were on anywhere else.

"Alice, are you awake sweetie?" 

There was no response so I went quietly down the hall to your room. There you were curled up on top of the covers with just a short little night on. One hand was at your mouth almost like you were sucking your thumb. Your other hand was wedged between your thighs, hidden inside your panties.

"Oh precious , I' so sorry I'm late." but you didn't seem to respond. 

As I was about to leave a soft moan escaped your lips as I saw you squeeze your thighs around your hand. Looking closer I realized that in your hand was your favorite toy, buried deep between your sweet young lips.

"Poor Lil, I have left you alone again." I approach the bed and caress your hair gently so as not to disturb you. You look so angelic; I cannot resist and get down on the bed with you the smell of baby powder and your own sweet fragrance stirring the passion in me. 

I remove my clothes and spoon up behind you. Your petite frame nestled up against me; I lightly kiss the back of your neck and I think I feel you take in a deep breath. The downy hair on the back of your neck bristles as I blow across it. 

Below I can feel my cock rising, pulsing up along the crack of your ass. You are so warm, so hot, yet so quiet and calm. 

I reach around and gently remove your hand, your toy from between your thighs and gently roll your panties down. They are quiet wet from your previous play without me. I hold them to my nose and inhale the musky aroma of your woman hood. 

I take a finger and gently rub it around that sweet little bud of yours. A low moan escapes from your lips, yet there is no sign of you wakening. I nuzzle the back of your ear and softly whisper 'Lil Alice, lil Alice." 

"Hmm" and nothing more.

So my left forefinger is gently dancing over your clit while my right thumb is tracing a line down your ass, between your thighs and up between your sweet young lips. Yes how wet you are becoming. So your hips now start rocking to the rhythm of my fingers, pushing back into my groin, my cock up along the crevice between your cheeks.

I pull back away to adjust myself lower grasping my prick and parting the lips of your pussy so now the head lies on your clit. I stroke your clit with my cock and your gyrate your pelvis to match my motions. With my free hands I spread your lips and glide my shaft along your slit, first up to your clit and then down toward your ass, it getting ever so moist.

I take the head and now place it in your cunt, just a little, my Lil. I love it right there you are so tight, clinging to the end of my dick. 

You try to buck back, to take it all in, but not yet my dear. You have to be patient. I remove it and again stroke your pussy, your ass. Maybe I will go there first, but no that would probably wake you, if you are not yet awake.

I have my palm, covering your clit, my fingers spreading your lips. Now, from behind, I thrust, burying my cock deep in your cunt, holding you against me with my hand on your mons. You gasp, you moan and I thrust again and again and you are meeting me thrust for thrust.

Sweet little squeaks emit from your throat at every thrust and I know it won't be long for you. The squeaks become more guttural emanating from deep inside, where the passion is building. Pounding hard, I frantically rub your clitoris as I feel your vagina spasm around my penis as you reach your peak. Two more deep strokes to the hilt and I am done.

"Good morning Lil. Sleep well"

"I did, but I woke up kind of sore this morning, and I don't know why?"

"Poor baby. Come to daddy and he'll kiss it and make it better!"