 "So, let me ask you, John, have you fucked my mother yet?"

"Penny, what are you saying? You can't talk like that to a guest in our house," Penny's mother, Janet gasped.

I was sitting in the living room of a woman I had met on an on-line service that catered to widows and widowers. Janet and I had talked on line for over a month before meeting. This was my third time in her home and the second time I had met her daughter, Penny. Penny had just come home, dropped a book bag on the floor next to her chair and joined in our conversation with her explicit question.

"Oh, come off it, Mother," Penny said with sly grin on her face. "You know damn well you have been wondering when he was going to come on to you. You said so yourself."

"I never. I-I-I would never."

"Please, Mother. Don't pretend to be so proper. We both know better. You said just the other day that you thought John did not find you attractive."

"Did you say that, Janet?" I asked.

"Ye, yes, but I didn't mean it in a sexual way."

"Bullshit, Mother. That's exactly how you meant it. You see, John, my mother is a subservient cumslut and she craves cock."

"Janet! Stop this this instant. What are you saying?"

"Please, Mother. I used to lay outside your bedroom and listen to you and Daddy. I heard as he made you beg for his cock. You begged him to let you suck his cock, to fuck your pussy and I heard you beg for him to fuck you in your ass. It got me so hot listening to you beg for it, I would play with myself until I came right along with you."

"Penny...."

"What, Mother, am I lying?"

"Penny, please don't do this. Please."

"I can prove it, John. Take out your cock and show it to her. That's all it will take. She will be on her hands and knees begging to suck it. Do it, John. Take out your cock. Do it now, John."

I unzipped my pants and pulled out my already hardening cock.

"Stroke it for her, John. Show her how big it gets, how hard it can get."

I began to stroke it slowly, all the while watching Janet squirming in her seat.

"Penny, please don't do this. Don't make me."

"Go to him, Mother. Go to him on your hands and knees. Crawl over to that magnificent cock and beg him to let you suck it.

"Do it, Mother. Now!"

"Oh, God, oh God," Janet cried, but she dropped to her knees and crawled across the room and reached out to take my cock from my hand.

But I slapped her hands away. 

"Do as she said, Janet," I said softly. "Beg me for it. Beg to suck this cock."

"Please," she said.

"Please what, Janet?"

"Please may I suck your cock? Please."

She took my cock in her hands and brought it to her succulent mouth. She skipped all the preliminaries of running her tongue over the tip and went right to it. She closed her lips over my cock and began bobbing her head in my lap. 

"That's it, Mommy. Suck that cock down. Deep throat it, Mommy. Get it all the way in. Make him cum, Mommy. Make him cum."

I knew that wasn't going to take long. I was getting there in a hurry and Penny's running conversation was helping me along.

"How is she doing, John? Is my Mommy a good little cock sucker?"

"She's excellent. A great little cock sucker."

"When he comes, make sure you swallow it all, Mother. Don't let a drop escape from your mouth. You know you want it all, every last drop."

"I'm cumming," I said. "I'm there. Ahhh. Shit. Fuck. I'm cumming, bitch, suck it all down."

She milked my cock with her mouth, swallowing every drop. Then she sat back on her heels and bowed her head. I collapsed back in my chair, completely spent.

"Now, Mother, like a good little cum slut get up and run upstairs to your bedroom. Strip completely naked and kneel by the foot of your bed and wait for us. When we come up be ready to be completely fucked. Be ready for your cunt and your asshole to be filled with cock."

Janet rose from her knees and started for the stairs.

"Run, Mother, run. Hurry. Hurry."

She did. She bolted for the stairway and ran up, leaving Penny and me below. My cock was still out and only slightly deflated.

"Now, John, we will lay out the rules," she said as she approached me. She pushed my knees together with her legs and sat on my lap facing me, my cock between us.

She hiked up her skirt to reveal a bare pussy, completely shaven but for a small heart shape of hair above her slit.

"You can have my Mother as your little cum slut, John, but first I want a sample of what she is going to get. I got so hot watching her gobble down your cock. I want some of it first and then she can have what is left. Let me help you get it up again," she said as she began to stroke my cock with her small, dainty hands. "Wouldn't you like to try my tight little 20 year old pussy before you bury your cock in that 40 year old skanky cunt upstairs?"

I said nothing; I just let her place my once again hardened cock at the entrance of her pussy and pushed. Her eyes fluttered and she threw her head back as she pushed her hips down onto my cock.

"Oh, fuck," she said. "So good. Soooo gooood. God I love a hard cock. Fuck me, John. Fuck me, baby."

I pumped her pussy hard and then I decided to tease her a little. I lifted my knees and my cock slid out so just the very tip of it remained inside her pussy. I could feel her tightening her cunt, trying to draw me back in.

"Give it to me, baby," she said. "Give me that hard cock. Fuck me, John. Fuck me."

I dropped my knees and my cock drove hard into her, going all the way in. I could feel her cervix bang against the head of my cock.

"Like that? You like that, do you?"

"God yes, just like that. Fuck me hard, John."

I teased her again, raising my knees. She began rocking her hips back and forth, trying to draw me back inside.

"Please, John. I am almost there. Fuck me. Make me cum."

Instead, I rose up from the chair, letting her fall to the floor. She had a look of complete surprise and frustration as she sat there, her bare ass on the floor and her almost bare pussy pulsing.

"What the fuck are you doing?"

"Like mother, like daughter," I laughed. "Two little cum sluts ripe for the taking."

"What? What? Wait," she cried out. 

"Here's how it is going to be, little girl," I said. "I'm going upstairs to fuck your mother. She's waited long enough. If you want some of this cock, you will take off all your clothes down here and crawl on your hands and knees up those stairs and into your mother's bedroom. I'll be waiting and watching for you. When you get there, you will wait at the foot of the bed on your hands and knees just like your mother is waiting now. When I have thoroughly fucked your mother, maybe, just maybe, I'll let you lick her cum off my cock and then maybe, just maybe, I'll fuck you, too. Or maybe I'll make you wait a little longer as I fuck your mother in her asshole. If you decide not to come up, go ahead and stay down here or leave. It doesn't really matter to me because I'll have a nasty cunt of my own upstairs and I'll have all day to play. It's your choice."

I left her there and started for the stairs, my dangling cock leading the way.