 Hello All,

I am Maximillian_Excaliber and before the story I would like to tell you the importance of leaving feedback.

As a writer, it is important to know how well or not well received a work is by received the target audience. Unlike movie and TV studios, we can not rely on focus groups to tell us how our work is being accepted.

On this site, the mechanisms some of us writers rely upon, especially the new ones like myself, are feedback and ratings.

A given work may have been read by 8000 people in three days, but if only 10 or 20 people take the time to rate it and only 2 to leave feedback it is impossible for us and you to tell how popular the story actually is and it is difficult for us, as writers, to know what may need improvement.

While feedback is important to improvement, ratings are the best gauge of how popular a story is but they are only reliable if enough people do so.

For those of you who don't know, a "Hot" story is one that has an average of 4.5 after 10 or more votes. They will have a little red "H" beside their names in the lists displays but some of the best stories have poor ratings because only a few people have taken the time to rate them while literally thousands have actually read them. And so, unless you stumble across them by accident, you may never know about them.

Feedback can always be left anonymously and ratings are always anonymous so please, even if you do not wish to leave feedback, take the time to rate the story.

Thank you for taking the time to read this and Happy Reading,

Maximillian_Excaliber

And now for the story...

**************************

Lilith's Toy - The Real Doll

Chapter One

About two years ago, I was taken to the cleaners in a divorce settlement by my ex-wife Judith. I was forced to sell our house so she could take her half of what I had worked hard for the last twenty years. 

While I was busy working, she occupied her time screwing every thing that had genitalia. I have to say this, slut she may have been but discriminating she was not. Man or woman, she didn't care as long as they got her off. Try to imagine my surprise when I came home to find her in bed with a hermaphrodite, guess she must have thought he/she/it was the best of both worlds.

And so, at the ripe old age of forty-eight I found myself having to move into an apartment. By the way, my name is Reginald Stokes. I hate the name! It makes me sound like some millionaire's butler, so I have my friends call me Reggie. 

Anyway, I quickly found out that the lease was too high and found myself having to take on a roommate. So I did what any desperate person would do, I took out an add in the newspaper. After two weeks I had just about given up on finding one, having interviewed the oddest assortment of "freakazoids" you will ever see. Now, I feel that deserves some explanation. You see, the first person to answer my add was six foot six inches tall, weighted about three hundred pounds, was wearing a black evening gown, high healed shoes and black fishnet stockings. Normally I, size not withstanding, would have found the getup quite attractive except on him it just did nothing for me. While I consider myself rather open minded, I could tell this was not going to be the right roommate. It just seems bad form if you go into hysterics every time you see someone; after a while they might just take it personally.

Two Goths, four power drinkers and one wannabe gang-banger later, I was about to give up and was considering moving to the Y.M.C.A. when Lilith showed up. Lilith is thirty-eight years old, has a short curly red hair, full "pouty" lips, long legs and a 38-26-36 figure that is to die for. 

I think we both realized as we exchanged stories that we hit it off instantly. She told me she had been divorced for about three years and had decided six months ago to leave Baltimore and resettled to Atlanta. She really didn't like Atlanta, so she decided to move here to Columbus, Georgia. It seems she could not get far enough away from her ex-husband to suit her. For those of you who don't know where it is, its right next to that tiny little town called Phenix City, Alabama. The same one that Charlie Pride wrote a quasi popular country song about back in the seventies. Anyway, I digress.

Lilith told me right up front that she was just looking for a place to stay until she saved up enough money for an apartment of her own. I figured what the hell, at least it would give me a few more months before I had to move into the "Y".

She moved in that weekend. 

Chapter Two

The arrangement was that she would have the hide-a-bed couch, could use the large hall closet and would share the bath room, which you had to go through my room to get to. We agreed that if she ever wanted to "entertain" a guest, I would sleep on the couch and she could have the bedroom that night; all she had to do was let me know before midnight.

I found out that she liked to party and drank socially but was not a drunk.

As will happen when two people live in such close quarters, there will come those unexpected and embarrassing moments when one will find the other in various states of undress. No matter how you plan or schedule, it's going to happen. 

I never will forget the first time I walked in to find Lilith standing there in the living room drying her totally nude body with a towel. I quickly excused myself, backed out the door and then waited a half an hour before returning all the while hoping that my erection would go down in time. What can I say? I'm a male, it goes with the territory. It just seemed to me that those kind of accidents were happening a whole lot more. No, I wasn't trying to walk in on her, it just happened a lot. And boy did she sure seem to have the worst luck at catching me coming out of the shower.

One of the things I like about Lilith is that she is a real straight shooter. Lilith will talk about anything with you. Religion, politics and yes, sex. And she is very candid. So, it was no surprise to me when one night she came home from clubbing early and wanted to talk.

She poured herself a glass of tea, looked up at me and said, "This clubbing thing is getting old Reggie. Every guy I meet is either an asshole, married or looks like he is about three doses away from finishing his treatment for the clap. If I don't get laid pretty soon I am going to bust!"

"Why don't you get a Real Doll?" I said jokingly after a second. OK, so call me naive for not realizing what was going on at the time.

She looked at me strangely for a second. Now that I think about it, I can't decide if she was looking for antlers growing out of my head or trying to figure out if I was the dumbest guy in the world. But finally she said, "What's a Real Doll?"

"I was just kidding!" I said to her, now embarrassed I had mentioned it.

She wasn't about to let me off the hook though because she said to me, "Oh no you don't! You brought it up, out with it! What's a Real Doll?"

"It's a live sized sex toy, I saw them on an episode of H.B.O.'s Real Sex. They're pretty expensive, about six and a half grand." I told her while hoping that would appease her.

Oh, no! She had me on the hook now and knew it. So she started reeling me in for the next thing she said was, "Why the hell would anyone pay over six thousand dollars for a blow up doll?"

"It's not a blow up doll. Their solid, made out of silicon, I think." I said as I wondered why I hadn't just kept my big mouth shut.

Her mouth opened in surprise for a second and then said, "Show me!"

Well, five minutes later there we were in front of my computer on Real Doll's website looking at the latest in silicon sex toys. I even found a site from which I could download the H.B.O. episode featuring the male Real Doll. After she watched the three hot babes demo the thing, she said out loud, "I want one!"

"Won't that drain your bank account? It will take you months to save up for an apartment again. Besides, aren't you getting tired of living here with me? " I asked her, not believing my ears. 

Lilith didn't even hesitate as she said, "Of course not, I like you. The real question is can you put up with me for a few more months?"

"Sure, but you are going to put him in the closet when you are done with him. Doll or not, I'm not touching a naked guy with a hard-on." I said to her and we both laughed.

About three weeks later, at about 6:00 in the afternoon, "Studkins" as she called him arrived. I helped her uncrate him and we moved the empty crate to one of the storage containers the apartment complex rents. Then, we went back to the apartment and I went into my bedroom and left Lilith and "Studkins" to get acquainted. I learned two things that night; the first was the Lilith seemed please with "Studkins" and the second was that she is also quite vocal. I went to sleep with a massive erection and was never more envious of an inanimate object in my life.

Every night for over two months, Lilith and "Studkins" wore each other out. Also, every night for over two months, I lay in bed with a raging hard-on until I fell asleep. The strange thing is that we just seemed to keep accidentally running into each other either coming out of or getting into the shower. To make matters worse, despite my best effort I found myself more than once coming home to find her riding "Studkins" for all he was worth.

Then, one Friday afternoon, Lilith came to me and asked me if I wouldn't mind sleeping on the hide-a-bed as she was going clubbing and afterward hoped to get lucky with a real man. I told her sure and that I would have the bed in my room made with clean sheets for her. I also told her I would leave a few extra towels in the bathroom in case she needed them. I remember, when I told her that, for some unexplained reason she had the strangest look on her face.

Chapter Three

It was about 12:30 in the morning. I had just fallen to sleep with another throbbing erection. I just couldn't seem to get that all to vivid memory of Lilith on top of "Studkins" humping her way to ecstasy in the very same bed that I was lying on out of my mind. I was having the most wonderful dream in which Lilith was on top of me riding me and calling me "Studkins" when I awakened to the feeling of a warm female body straddling me. There was the faint smell of alcohol on her breath as she said, "Give me your cock my silicon lover boy." 

Lilith immediately took my prick in her hand and lubricated the head of my cock by rubbing it up and down the furrow of her wet pussy a few times. Then, before I could say anything to her, she placed it at the mouth of her pussy and plunged down onto me completely enveloping my cock with her warm wet pussy. As she did, she bent forward and covered my mouth with her own and began rocking to and fro onto my cock and began moaning into my mouth with each movement of her body.

Even though the feeling was incredable, I had to say something. So like a the clueless dumbass I was, I pulled my mouth from her and said, "Lilith!" 

But she seemed to ignore me so I said it again, "Lilith, you're not on "Studkins"! It's me Reggie!"

"Oops." she said and giggled as she kept riding my cock as though I were her silicon lover.

Confused, I looked up at her and said, "Oops? Are you that drunk?"

"Are you that naive? How else was I going to get you into bed? I've been sending you signals for months but you never seemed to receive them. Finally, I bought that damn doll just so I could get you here." she said to me without missing a stroke. Then she added, "Now, are you going to fuck me or do I have to go get that damn doll out again?"

I looked at her and it finally clicked. A brick, yup that's what it was, I had been as dumb as a brick. All I could think to say was, "Oops!" as I started fucking up into her oncoming pussy.

"AHHH," she said just before she laughed and leaned forward once more to kiss me openly on my lips.

"I was just wondering" I said jokingly between pants as I continued thrusting, "whether you're planning to put me in the closet with 'Studkins' when we're through and drag me out only when you are horny. Are you?"

"JUST LIKE THAT!" she said as the base of my prick hit her clit sending a powerful jolt throughout her entire body, "NOW SHUT UP AND FUCK ME!"

I grabbed her hips and held Lilith so she could not move them as I began as series of slow long strokes, each time pulling my cock out almost all the way but leaving just the ridge of it in her. She tried to push herself back onto me but I held her there teasingly as I continued my pace.

As I felt her push hard against the bed I suddenly let go of her hips allowing her to be suddenly and completely impaled onto my waiting cock, her body on mine stopping my movements into her.

"FUCKKK!" she cried as her body slammed into mine.

With my left hand I caressed her right buttock as I reached up with my right hand and gently began rolling her left nipple between my thumb and forefinger causing her to lean forward just an inch. As she did, I began a series of short strokes into her once again. All the while, I was heading towards my own orgasm.

"ALMOST THERE!" she cried, while throwing her head backward as she raised herself up pulling her breast away from my hand.

When she did, I pushed my head forward and sucked her left breast into my mouth. As I began rolling my tongue over her nipple, I placed my right arm around her back and pulled her to me. Her weight shifted and she slid forward just enough for me to begin sliding the full length of my cock over and over into her burning wet pussy.

"CUMMING!" she yelled and then her mouth remained open in a silent scream of pleasure as her body began writhing in pure ecstasy. Her legs began to trimble and her pussy began quivering as her juices flowed as my seed began pulsing into her body forming the nectar of our love. Her pussy was gripping my manhood as though it were trying to milk the last of my seed from me.

"OHHH GOD!" she said, her voice in surprise and I could tell she was caught up in a second, even more powerful, orgasm while I continued to drive the full length of my cock into her with slow methodical strokes. As I did Lilith's pussy begin gripping my manhood even tighter than before draining the last of both my seed and energy from me.

As I lay there exhausted, she collapsed onto me breathing heavily from our dance of love. Wrapping my arms around her, I let my hands roam all over her naked body and reveled in the glorious touch of her skin as I placed my mouth upon hers and we kissed passionately.

When we broke our kiss, she looked down at me, the look of lust still in her eyes, and said whimsically, "I think I'll keep you!"

I laughed and said to her, "OK, but I'm not sharing the closet with 'Studkins'." 

"You wouldn't have liked it anyway, he's a poor conversationalist!" Lilith said and as we both laughed, she began once again rocking slowly onto my semi-hard cock.

Prologue

The next day the following add was placed on eBay:

FOR SALE: One Real Doll -- Male

CONDITION: Used

PRICE: $5000.00 or Best Offer

DETAILS: This ad is for one male Real Doll. His name is 'Studkins'. He is about three months old and in excellent condition. He is guaranteed to be STD free, does not drink, smoke, chew tobacco or require Viagra to get it up and I have never come home and found him in bed with another Real Doll. There is nothing wrong with him, I have just decided to trade up to a better model with more features. Please send email with questions to...