 ============================

Author's Note: This story is a slooooowwwww, swwwweeeeet riiiiiide!!! If you are extremely horny and looking for a 'quickie' where the sex comes early and often, and the story is nothing but sex-sex-sex, then I politely suggest you read something else. This is another one of my stories with a tormenting build-up, best suited for someone who wants to be teased by graphic visual images, by a sexually-charged relationship that isn't permitted, and that eventually boils over into explosive sex. You need a little bit of time to read it, get caught up in the moment, then enjoy the thrill when it 'explodes.' So I don't want any negative comments, like, it took too long for the sex to happen. Duh, that's the POINT, stupid. Oh, alright, if you must, there is a promise of tons of sex, just wade through the opening half or whatever....! 

============================

The young, petite, smoking gorgeous blonde standing inside the front door of my house -- next to my wife -- had the hottest ass I'd ever seen.

Wrapped in tight jeans, my eyes were locked onto this petite, slim teenage butt, as I descended the steps from our second floor. When the long-haired blonde turned around, I saw her face: narrow, bony, with thin pink lips and wide hazel eyes, and a soft mouth that had a dainty smile. Her chest, in a tight babydoll top, sported proportionate little titties. She was truly beautiful and, something said in my head, she looked a little familiar too.

With my ever-vigilant wife of 20 years watching me join the two of them, I had to play it cool. I forced myself not to stare at the teenager's sensational body or gorgeous face, as I stood next to them.

"Honey," my wife said, her hand indicating the girl, "this is Lilac, the Morris' daughter from Broading Street, she's going to watch Tigger while we're on our trip." I actually had to look my wife in the eye as she was saying this, because otherwise my wife would see me staring at the hottie. "Lilac is going to be a Senior this year at Emerald High, I think she's quite mature enough to handle little Tigger!"

I could smell the girl, too, she was so hot. She had a sweet, inexpensive perfume that invaded my senses, almost assaulting me, but it was fucking sexy. "High school senior, huh?" I was trying to act like a normal, 40-something year old married guy, uninterested in a female under half my age. "So how's the summer going, what are you doing this summer?" I mean, we'd never had kids, I didn't really know how to relate to a high school girl -- what do you say to them to make small talk?

It was already July, the summer was a few weeks old, and the girl should have had plans. Not this one. "Um, I dunno," came her sweet, high-pitched voice, giggling and blushing a little. She wasn't looking at my face but at me, my frame. I would have liked the attention if she wasn't standing next to MY WIFE. "Umm, I just go to the pool, ya know, hang out -- have a good time, get ready for my last year."

Last year? She wasn't dying, she was just finishing high school. The perspective of youngsters, so different. It made me realize, I was probably, like, dead to her, at my age.

Suddenly, it clicked, my brain connected the random memories in my head. I recognized her, I had met this girl before -- and instantly I knew, she was that hottie at a neighborhood pool party a month earlier!

The party was in late May, just over a month ago, it had been a really abnormally hot weekend, almost July-hot. (Although, with global warming, maybe "abnormally hot" means, "the now-usual hot too early in the year.") My wife, still a member of the neighborhood community association for all these years living in our high-end suburban community, dragged me to a community party at the pool and tennis center with reportedly just about every family in the complex. I don't know a lot of my neighbors, and I didn't really want to go. Worse, the temperature was in the 90's, it was suffocatingly hot, and the "party" was really every neighborhood kid running around, screaming, splashing water everywhere.

But the good side of being at the community pool? The women, in bikinis and tight swim suits. College-age and 20-something hotties, a few of them, not many but enough to stare at time to time.

What kept my attention was this ONE girl, I had no idea who she was at the time. Looked like she had a young body, but her face suggested college-age, I wasn't sure. Long blonde hair, really long and really blonde. Small, triangular face, hazel eyes. And a fucking perfect, slim body. Petite shoulders, tiny waist, long slim legs; perky little A-cup tits, so deliciously in form with her slim figure, and a mouthwatering hot ass. Not a round ass, a flat one, narrow, bony, in the frame of her barely-curving hips. Tauntingly, the hottie was wearing a light-blue bikini -- not a thong, but a "conservative" one that covered her breasts and butt. However, clinging to her form, it didn't leave anything to the imagination. I saw the shape of her tits, and the little firm cheeks on her butt. When she moved out of the pool, fuck it, I could even see camel toe -- the shape of her cuntlips in the tight bikini bottom. As she moved around, the bottom dug into her asscrack, perfectly displaying the shape of her butt.

I watched her, flirting with teen boys, talking to the same grown man all the time. That was her father, I figured, a pretty good-looking guy himself. That apple didn't fall far from the tree. Indeed, her mom came over later, a petite short-haired blonde whom I recognized from driving down our street. I could have kicked myself, not knowing such a hot young woman lived near us.

That pool party got even better. I was in line for the snacks -- and it was a long line -- when I turned around and the hot blonde was standing there next to me, dripping wet. Beads of water curving around her breasts, her nipples were hard little bumps. Her flat tummy had water streaking down it. The water was heading down to her camel-toe crotch, right where my eyes were headed. And she was standing there, next to me. 

I couldn't resist, I flirted a little. Broke the ice about the weather, asked her where she lived, how old she was. I might have asked her name, but at the time, I didn't catch it -- now, looking back, I know why, the name "Lilac" didn't register with me. At first she was just polite, but after about five minutes, she was flirting too. Laughing at my dumb jokes; arching her back, showing off her sexy little tits on her petite frame; even staring at my body. I'm pretty fit, I have a firm chest, slightly-hairy chest, and a good-size package in my trunks. My cock twitched a little, realizing the teen was checking out my body.

That was the extent of my interaction with the hot blonde in the bikini at the pool party, but she left an impression. I jerked off thinking about her that night, and in days following. One really gorgeous, sexy little bitch.

And now, she was in my house! Here she was, her name was -- it was weird -- Lilac? Okay, Lilac. Who knew what got into her parents two decades ago, when they picked that name.

So we led sexy little Lilac into our house, showing her the living room, then heading into the kitchen and eating area. My wife showed her the vitals for our dog: where we kept the dog food and dog toys, the medicine, his leash, the emergency numbers. Wifey went through the ritual with the dog -- how and when to let her out into the back, how to take her for walks (if the teen wanted), that sort of stuff. Lilac was to come to the house, three times a day -- morning, after lunch, evening. Let the dog out, let him play around, refill his vitals. My wife didn't want our 11 year old mutt in a kennel, and she didn't trust these commercial dog-sitting services. A neighbor's daughter was far more trustworthy.

Meanwhile, I loitered around the area, just admiring the girl. My eyes gravitated to her gorgeous ass in her tight jeans, those two small orbs were tight and fit above her slim legs. Her babydoll top hugged her firm small boobies, I could easily suck those hot teen tits into my mouth. My wife had no idea of the lusty thoughts I had for our visitor, nor I figured did the girl. I kept my lewd thoughts and my eyes to myself.

Before she left, I found myself alone with her in the foyer by our front door. Wifey went off to look for the extra house key, she thought it might be up in our bedroom. I entertained the girl for a few minutes, trying not to drool. I think we met at the pool party, I told her, mentioning she had on a "very pretty bikini." Instantly, Lilac's hazel eyes got big, and her grin was seductive. "Ahhh, yeah, of course I remember you," she said, perhaps lying, but something told me she did. The sparkle in her eye, looking me over, suggested a familiarity, a memory.

"So guess what?" she said to me, giggling. When I played along, she told me she just turned 18 a week earlier. I wished her a happy belated birthday, and Lilac teasingly scolded me for not getting her a present. "Well you can make it up to me," she giggled, smiling up at my face with a gleam in her hazel eyes.

"How's that?" I asked, feeling old and dumb, just staring at her gorgeous face.

She pretended to think about it. "I dunno -- there's LOTS of ways to put a smile on my face!"

I had to chuckle at that. "Is there now?" I let the comment sit, thinking of a few ways I'd want that smile to turn into a scream of lust.

Dirty old man, I told myself. Start acting your age.

* * * * *

That night, someone benefitted from my state of arousal around Lilac: my wife.

I was so horny that evening, thinking about the divine blonde goddess in our house, that I couldn't wait to have an orgasm. Instead of beating off in the bedroom, I saved my aching tool for my wife. When she came to bed, she was instantly ravaged -- I threw her on her back, pulled her panties off, and started eating her hairy, loose cunt. "Mmm what's this about?" she inquired with a squeal, not really caring about the answer. Didn't matter to her.

Jumping on her, but picturing Lilac nude, I shoved my dick into my wife and started fucking her, pretending it was Lilac, picturing the hot young blonde. Seriously, I was so turned on, I squirted my cum into my wife's cunt after just a few minutes -- but, as I do when I'm really horny, I remained hard. I kept fucking my wife, going hard for a second round. She was impressed, remaining spread for me, letting me use her cunt to get off. She even got on her knees and let me bang her doggy-style, but her round fat ass was nowhere near as hot as Lilac's. So I thought about Lilac bending over for me, and squirted my jism a second time into my wife.

Lilac just fucking turned me on, I was realizing.

* * * * *

Two nights later, it was the Wednesday evening a couple days before my trip with my wife, I was engaged in a typical summertime chore: Lawn work. I wouldn't be around the coming weekend because of the trip, and our front yard really needed attention after a few weeks of my neglect. Edges needed to be trimmed, the mulch had to be churned and refreshed, a few weeds pulled, and the grass mowed. Sucks that I had to do it on a weekday night, and it was double sucky because of the weather. It had been in the high 90's that day, and even by evening time, it was still oppressively hot. At least the sun wasn't beating on me.

After a couple hours of work, I was exhausted, and covered in a layer of slimy sweat mixed with dirt and grass clippings. It was already 8:30 pm, but in July, that meant we still had some daylight. I left the mowing as the last chore, so I was dutifully pushing my mower around the front yard hoping to get this finished, get the tools put away, and get inside before darkness set in.

The thick, humid air mugged my senses, breathing was no fun, I was wiping perspiration off my brow constantly. I had doffed my t-shirt quite some time ago, leaving me topless and just in baggy shorts. I hated wearing a belt when I was outside doing yard work, and from having lost some weight -- I was really quite fucking fit by that point in the summer -- my shorts hung low on my hips. I actually didn't have underwear on, because with my shorts hanging low, my usual black briefs would have been visible. Not that anyone was watching a 45 year old married guy mowing his lawn at 8:30 pm at night.

Uh, check that -- I did have an audience, it turned out.

When I finished, cutting off the mower engine in the dim light at the side of our yard, I caught motion out of the corner of my eye from the sidewalk. I glanced over, and surprise surprise, there was the petite blonde smiling at me, standing there alone. 

Lilac had a beach towel wrapped around herself, from her armpits to halfway down her thighs, and the string of a bikini top arched above the towel and hooked around her skinny neck. She had a large, canvas beach bag hung over one shoulder.

When she saw me notice her, she lifted one of her small hands and gave me a little wave. "Hiya!" she giggled, sounding a little sheepish, almost apologetic for standing there.

Suddenly, I felt naked -- topless, my shorts drooping to hang so low that the thick curls of my pubic hairs were just peeking above the top edge, my chest fully on display. I had nothing to be ashamed of -- I wasn't muscular, but I'm fit and wiry, my shoulders are firm and broad, tummy pretty flat, nice salt-and-pepper curls of hair scattered over my chest plate. I never thought of myself as eye candy for teenage girls, but hell, I had grown women sometimes gazing at my physique at the pool or wherever. Its a nice rush, when someone of the opposite sex checks you out.

Using my broad arm to wipe sweat off my brow, I sauntered towards the 18 year old, finding it odd she was there. "What brings you around," I inquired in a friendly voice, pointing to her bag and towel, "you just at the pool, I guess?"

"Hee hee, yup!" She stepped off the sidewalk onto the lawn, towards me a little. "Was just walkin' home, thought I'd come by, see if, uh, if Tigger was out playing."

Part of me wished she was lying, hoping she had really come by to see if I was out. The other part of me, the married grown up, hoped she was being completely sincere. I didn't need an 18 year old coming by to flirt with me. But let's be honest, why would a hot girl her age have any interest in a married guy like me? That's what I told myself.

We engaged in some small talk, mainly as I caught my breath. She began asking about me, very politely -- what was my job, how long have I lived here, that sort of thing. If we had made a transcript, it would bore you to death. But a funny tingling in my stomach had me on edge, this wasn't a normal conversation with a neighbor. I was chatting with a sexy 18 year old blonde, wearing a bikini under her towel. But what I was sensing were her eyes. In the dim light, growing a bit darker by the minute, I could tell she was looking at my body -- a lot. At my firm chest, at my flat belly, where a path of dark curly hair led from my belly button towards the low edge of my sweat-soaked shorts.

I couldn't help it, I was getting hard, being ogled by the teenager. Seeing her eyes was not easy in the very dim light, but there was no question she was looking at my strong, broad shoulders, my firm, curly-haired chest and my flat stomach. The tent was rising, inevitably and uncontrollably, in my crotch, my seven inches of manhood pressing against the damp cloth without underwear to restrain it. I'm not totally sure she noticed; but, if I had to guess, she did.

Know what? I wanted her to. I swear, standing there in front of her like that, I was feeling guilty as fuck. Embarrassed. But, it was a rush -- a young woman checking out my fit body, and the size of the package in my shorts. Every guy likes that, right. This was harmless, just flirting, right.

"Hey," I interrupted her, waiving to the general darkness surrounding us, punctuated only by a small handful of street lights, "I gotta put the tools away."

Lilac offered to help, although, with her bag and towel constricting her movements, she wasn't going to be a lot of use. But she followed me, almost like a puppy, as I carried some garden tools and then pushed the mower back to the "shed." It wasn't really a shed, it was a small room abutting the backside of our garage, with its own door. Tucked on the side of our house, with rows of tall trees and shrubs just a few feet away on the one side, and the windowless side of the house on the other, the area was extremely private. Couldn't see it from the street or front of the house, and only someone in the backyard could see it.

I felt the girl's eyes on my backside, as I was hanging the hoe and shovel on the shed's wall. Almost like my ass had sensors, I could almost sense her gaze on my glutes. I guess I have a decent butt, it's probably not fat. My shorts were still low, just barely covering my asscrack.

Felt so wrong, yet, her gaze on me was energizing.

With only the mower left to put away, we kept talking, nestled in the grassy area tucked between the house, trees, and shed. I had half a mind to invite her in, but my wife would probably wonder what the fuck she was doing over. Already, just talking to her for ten minutes, I was feeling guilty.

But feeling frisky, too, her young eyes looking over me. While the rest of my body was weary and sweaty, my cock was hard, enjoying the female's attention.

My guard was down, I probably was willing to say things normally I shouldn't have. At a momentary lull in the boring conversation, I pointed to the pink string of her bikini visible around her neck. "That's not the bathing suit you wore at the pool party," I commented, "that one was blue, wasn't it?"

I don't know what my motivation was in saying it, but I was thinking about her in her bikini, wondering what she looked like underneath that towel. If I was saying I wanted her to take off the towel, and I'm not sure I was consciously thinking that, then it worked. Lilac giggled a little and said yeah, it was a new one. She didn't hesitate, pulling her beach towel open to the sides, revealing her skimpy outfit. FUCK, it was sexy! A bikini with a pink top and pink-and-white stripped bottom. Her perky, A-cup tits were nice little pink spheres, and the crotch of her outfit hugged her mound tightly. I could see camel toe, I mean shit, there was the girl's vagina. Her skin was a thick, dark caramel from being tanned, this white chick almost looked like she was changing races -- a darkness accentuated by the dim light we were in, with only the dirty overhead light of the shed behind me to illuminate her.

My dick got harder, eyeballing the bitch in her bikini. She dropped the towel to the grass and did a quick pirouette, showing off her backside and ass. That glorious, small ass, unfortunately covered by the bikini bottom -- it was not a thong. But it looked small and luscious anyway.

So we kept talking, just admiring each other. My eyes were on her little 18 year old boobies and the camel toe of her crotch, while she was still gazing at my shoulders, chest, and tummy -- and the bulge of my crotch. We were definitely checking each other out, flirting a little, smiling and giggling, talking about nothing like college, restaurants, and new cars.

It was definitely night now, approaching 9 pm, we'd been talking about 20 or 30 minutes I figured. My wife was going to wonder what the fuck I was doing. Thumbing the mower next to me, I apologized that I had to put it away. Turning my back on her a moment, I shoved it into the shed, pushing some other junk out of the way -- it was always a tight fit -- then softly shuttered the doors, locking them with a padlock.

When I turned back to her, she was still standing there, hands behind her back, arching her torso a little to push those young titties at me. She could tell I was admiring her, although I wasn't saying anything about it. It was just food for the eyes, that's all.
