 The next week was pure hell. For Henry. Every night his mother and sister would tie him to the table and jerk him off. He always had his ass caned when he came. Sometimes Lilly would jerk him off. Sometimes Lauren would do it. But he always got hit when he came. He wanted to leave but he had nowhere to go.

Some nights Lilly would jerk him as fast as she could. Lauren started to time him. His fastest cum was in 73 seconds. Sometimes Lilly would go slow, just to torture him. His slowest was 20 minutes, 23 seconds. He was having a miserable time. One morning Lilly hit him with the cane. Again, he groaned and came in his pants. 

He was starting getting used to this, almost enjoying it. He liked getting jerked off, not too wild about the caning. He knew that something was wrong that he could cum just from being caned. He had to find some way to get even with them. He started thinking of what he could do to them.

He decided to find a group of men who would fuck his mother. He figured about 12 guys could fuck her for a day, maybe two, non-stop. He could always find more men if these guys got tired. That was going to be her punishment. Non-stop fucking for as long as he could find men to fuck her. He didn't care what happened to her as long as the caning stopped.

Henry finally got up the courage to do something about his tormentor. He went to a local bar and sat at a table, looking around nervously. He figured he'd see a bad-looking guy here. The waitress came over.

"Hi, I'm Emily. I'll be your waitress. What would you like?" She thought he was very good-looking but had a sad look in his eyes.

"Uh, I, uh, I'll have a beer." was his reply.

She looked at him. "How old are you?" she asked.

"Uh, I'm 21." he said. She just stared at him without talking. Finally he said, "Uh, I'm really 18. I just wanted something to drink and didn't want you to think there's something wrong with me."

Emily replied, "How about I bring you a Coke?" He agreed.

She brought back the soda and sat down next to him. "What's the matter?" she asked. She put her hand on his shoulder. A jolt went down her arm into her pussy. "Strange," she thought. "The only other time that happened was when I touched Lilly." Henry got a slight erection at her touch, something Emily noticed.

"I'm, uh, I'm fine. Really."

She replied "I see a lot of people here and I can always tell when something's wrong. And there is definitely something bothering you." Henry started crying. She put her arm around him, feeling a warmth spread out from her pussy. He tearfully told her the story of his torment, leaving out the part of his dick being tied to Matt's dick. Especially since he kind of enjoyed it. Emily felt sorry for this kid. She hugged him when he finished. His erection was huge. Emily noticed but pretended she didn't. She didn't want to scare him away. He needed her help and she wanted to help him.

He told her that he wanted to find a bunch of guys to fuck Lauren. Emily tried to convince him that wasn't a good idea. He didn't care. Emily suggested that maybe they could come up with another idea. He said that he would think about it, and he left. Emily didn't want him to leave, but she really couldn't stop him.

Henry went to another bar that night, found a guy and told him his problem. This guy had a bunch of friends who wanted a good fuck, so off they went. Henry brought 12 men with him into his house. Lilly was out with Matt. Lauren was in the living room, watching TV and drinking heavily. When she saw Henry she started to yell at him, demanding he go into the kitchen for his punishment. He just laughed. The men came into the house. Lauren starting yelling at them. They grabbed her, dragged her into her bedroom and ripped off her clothes.

The leader of the group, Steve, was a big guy. Tall, wide, and hung like a pony. Steve had some of the men hold her down while he took off his clothes. He climbed on her and started to fuck her. She tried to yell but they stuffed her panties in her mouth. She tried fighting but they were too strong. When Steve finished, the next man climbed on. Lauren felt an orgasm beginning. The second guy got off before she could cum. The third guy climbed on and Lauren decided she was going to ride this guy for all he was worth. She started grinding to him. They realized she was enjoying this and let go of her. She wrapped her arms and legs around him, shut her eyes, and screamed at her orgasm. This encouraged him to cum. The next guy didn't have to wait for her welcoming arms and legs. She wrapped herself around him and started fucking him.

Henry stayed for about an hour. He couldn't watch anymore and left.

One at a time the men climbed on. With each new guy Lauren grabbed him and wouldn't let him go until she had an orgasm with each man. One of the men came before she did and she yelled at him for being a lousy screw.

It took about 2 hours for each man to have a turn. By then, Steve was ready to go again. Again, each guy climbed on and screwed Lauren. Lauren was loving it.

It took over 2 hours for each man to screw her a second time. They each climbed on again. What man is going to turn down a woman who wants to fuck him?

By the time they had gone a third time each, it was almost morning and the men were exhausted. She yelled at them. "You're just pussies! You can't get it up again? What about me? I want you guys to fuck me some more." The men all looked at her like she was crazy, which, of course, she was. "You guys get your soft dicks and get out of here if you're not going to fuck me any more."

Steve had an idea. He told the other guys to tie her up. He wanted to take her with him. As they started to take her out of the house she yelled. "Stop! I need clothes. Get about a weeks worth. I'm going to need stuff to wear if you're taking me with you." Steve decided which side of the hot/crazy line she was on and they took her home with them.

Henry felt miserable. He walked around for about an hour, not knowing what to do. He decided to go to the only person who had been nice to him since this started. He went to the bar to see Emily. As soon as he walked in she took him to the back.

"What happened?" She was genuinely concerned. Again she felt a jolt in her pussy when she held his arm. Again his dick started to get erect when she touched him.

He started crying. "I got a bunch of guys to attack my mother." Emily held his hands as he spoke. She squirmed on her seat from the feelings in her pussy. "She started to like it after a while. She wanted them to do it to her. I just left." Emily hugged him. She noticed his dick standing straight up when she did.

"I have nowhere to go. My sister is out with her stupid boyfriend and doesn't even know what happened. I can't go back there. Ever. What am I supposed to do?"

Emily held him and said "You'll come home with me tonight and we'll figure it out in the morning." His dick started to throb when she said that. Her nipples got hard when she looked at his dick. Henry noticed.

When they got to Emily's apartment, she gave him some food and soda. She put a blanket on the sofa and told him to sleep in the bed. She'd sleep on the sofa. Henry said thanks and crawled off to bed. About an hour later Emily woke up, hearing him crying. She crawled into bed with him and held him until he fell asleep. Just out of curiosity, while he was sleeping she reached around to see how big his dick was. She touched him, his dick jumped at the touch, and her pussy started to get wet. She decided to get back on the sofa.

In the morning, Emily showered before Henry woke up. She started to cook breakfast and he woke at the smell. He went into the shower and decided he'd better jerk off so he wouldn't do anything stupid while he was with her. He put his clothes on and sat down to eat.

"Thank you" he told her. "I should go now." She told him to stay. She liked having him here. He was handsome, well-built, and needed help. They sat on the sofa together and she put her arm around him. His dick got fully erect even though he had just jerked off. She pretended not to notice.

"I think you should stay awhile." she said. "Please," she added. Henry reluctantly agreed, especially since he didn't have anywhere to go. The fact that she was a beautiful girl with nice boobs and a great ass helped him decide to stay.

"You're going to need your clothes. Should I get them for you?" she asked. Henry decided to go home and get his stuff. He didn't want Emily getting caught and trapped by his mother or sister. He said he would leave a note if no one was home.

No one was at him house, so he left a note saying he was leaving and not coming back. He took as many clothes as he could carry and left.

When he got back, Emily had prepared a nice lunch. He ate hungrily. He went back to sleep. She just watched him as he slept. His dick grew erect while sleeping and she wondered if she should keep him. Just out of curiosity, she touched his dick again. The jolt that hit her pussy was tremendous. She couldn't help herself and kept rubbing both his dick and her pussy. She had to stifle a scream as she came. As he started to cum, his eyes flew open. He turned red from embarrassment. He rushed into the bathroom for privacy.

"I'm sorry." Emily said. "Please come out." When he finished cleaning himself he came out but wouldn't make eye contact with her. She put her hand on his shoulder.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. You just looked so peaceful I couldn't resist." He slowed looked at her. "I promise, I won't do it again." She added. He looked disappointed.

"Please," he said, "I didn't mind. I was just surprised. The last time someone touched me like that I was being tortured." He couldn't even say their names anymore.

Emily went to the bar for her shift and told him to relax. He would be ok, she told him. When she returned, he was in her bed asleep. But this time, she noticed, he had no clothes on. She took that as a message. She too stripped down and climbed into bed. She curled around him, enjoying the warmth of his body. They slept like that until the sun came up.

Henry didn't know where he was when he first woke. He was confused. He dreamt he was being held all night and he was finally happy. He dreamed he was where he was supposed to be. Then he realized he wasn't dreaming. He was being held by a beautiful woman who only wanted what was best for him. He turned around so he was now facing her. She woke up, looked into his eyes, and smiled.

"How did you sleep, handsome?" she asked.

"Great." he said. "I feel great." She could feel his erection poking her.

"Yes," she replied, taking hold of his dick. "You do feel great." She slowly stroked his dick and moved so he could be on top of her. She guided him into her pussy and held him tight so he couldn't move. As his warmth entered her, she closed her eyes tight. She had never felt anything this beautiful, not even when she was playing with Lilly and Matt. She started to grind against him and she felt an orgasm. She was shocked. Usually it took a long time for her to feel this, and here it was almost immediately. She wrapped her arms and legs around him to be sure he wouldn't get away.

Henry felt her pussy surround his dick as he entered her. This was the way it was supposed to be, he thought. Slowly he started to move against her. He felt her tense up and worried that he was hurting her. He looked at her and saw only pleasure on her face. He took that as a sign and started moving faster. Her breathing was erratic, her arms and legs wrapped around him and held him tight. He felt his balls rise up. It would be soon, he could tell. As he started to cum inside her, she tensed up and started moaning. Loud and long moans came out of her as he came inside of her. He was finally happy.

"I never want to leave," he thought.

"I'm never letting him go," she thought.

He stayed inside of her long after they both finished. He started kissing her face, her neck, her shoulders. She sucked on his earlobes and fingers. He felt his dick stirring again. She felt his dick stirring again. She started to move against him, holding him with her legs. He started pumping, quickly this time. This time she wanted it to be animalistic, rough, fast. She heard screaming and realized it was her, screaming as she came. He grunted, pounding her over and over again. He started licking her shoulders and neck and felt himself shooting into her. When he was done, he rolled off and wrapped his arms around her. He fell asleep. She smiled as he held her.