 Monday morning and it was back to the grindstone. I had breakfast with my mother, sat her on the table when we'd finished and slipped into her to have a very enjoyable screw. To get at the breasts I ripped her cotton nightie open to her waist. I'm sure it was old and she didn't seem to mind. 

As she was leaving for work Anne text to see if I wanted breakfast with her. I'd only had a slice of toast so said I'd be over in ten mins. I should have known I'd end up paying for my meal! Before she'd let me leave I had taken her while she was face down on her dining table, no finesse just a quick rough fuck. Oddly enough it seemed to be just what she'd needed to get her in the mood for study. 

As I got into my car on a whim I text Diane who also offered me breakfast. I had a coffee with her and we had sex while I was sat on a chair, which is the way she likes it best I think. When I told her I'd just been to see Anne she playfully bit my lip!

It was just after nine when I got back into my car. Not the worst start I'd ever had to a Monday, I remember thinking as I backed off her drive. Half way home I got a text from Fiona... we did it in her kitchen too, she was ready for work so only removed her panties and I did it from behind as she leaned against her breakfast bar. I had to make do with holding her swaying breasts through her top and her bra! As soon as we'd finished she pulled up her panties and told me she was going to enjoy feeling my spunk in her pussy all day. 

As if they were working in cahoots, Lin phoned as I was driving home, she thanked me for meeting her last night and said she was going out on her rounds at half ten. Her first appointment was close to my house. I said I'd be ready for her.

At home I had a quick shower and let Lin in before she had chance to ring the bell. I led her into the lounge and watched as she stripped off everything. I don't think I'll ever tire of seeing her fantastic boobs as they are released from her bra or the fast economical way she has of removing her clothes. We had sex on the couch missionary style for a change, a shame I couldn't quite get to her boobs in that position but her already tight vagina is even tighter in that position!

Knowing it was too good an opportunity to miss I told Mary I wanted to see her. She told me she would take her lunch break early. She arrived around half eleven. I led up to my room where I undressed her myself. We made love in an almost conventional way, I got to taste her pussy which was ok but didn't have the edge on Lin's. Mary may have been surprised at the gentleness of our love making but I didn't hear her complaining as I watched her dress as I lay on my bed. 

Mary left just after twelve which was less than five minutes before my mom came back to have lunch with me. I kid you not, she said she thought I might be lonely on my own! 

She went back to work like Fiona had earlier. But, for the whole afternoon I was celibate as a monk busy with his secular endeavours and was very pleased with what I achieved. 

I studied right up until dinner. Both my parents looked down and I felt my earlier mood dissipate as I watched them. Don't get me wrong I've nothing against gay men, it was just a bit of a shock finding out about my dad. It was a little like having a prop kicked out from under me.

Part of me wondered why of course and another part wondered how long he'd felt like this. I never like having disharmony around me and it had to be said the situation was starting to get to me.

So when mom went out to an exercise class. I sat down with my dad and told him all about mom seeing the weals on his backside, the tracker and us seeing him come out of the gym. I felt bad as I watched him deflate like a balloon but I knew it was the right course of action. I asked him to pass me his phone and I deleted the app. He then unburdened all his feelings, the guilt the unhappiness and recently how he had finally figured out why he'd always felt like he was a square peg. 

After our chat I could see my dad felt a lot better about everything. Especially after I assured him it didn't change how I felt about him. I told him he needed to come clean with mom though and he said he would later, just him and her if I didn't mind.

I changed and went out before mom got back. I spent the rest of the evening with Simon who after hearing about my morning knelt at my feet and pretended to worship me! And that was without him knowing about my mother also receiving two helpings of sperm. Or Lin as I felt a little discretion was in order with her. 

He told me Wendy had started to get a bit demanding, my advice was to use a firmer hand. Failing that to end it. He took on board what I said and told me he would follow my teachings like a true disciple.

I got home just after ten I found Mom sat alone in the kitchen. She said dad had told her about our chat earlier and they'd talked for most of the evening. When I asked what had come out of their chat. She started to cry and said he was sleeping in the spare room. Mom only cried into my chest for a few minutes. I found fondling her breast seemed to cheer her up fast, a few minutes kissing didn't exactly bum her out either. By the time she went up to bed she seemed a lot better about the situation. 

Mom came into my bed in the morning the very second dad left for work. She sucked on my dick until I came into her mouth. We lay together after and she asked what I had up my sleeve for today. I told her at that precise moment I hadn't a clue. She told me she was going to ring in sick.

While we were still in my bed, Diane text me good morning and asked if I wanted breakfast with her again. I smiled and said she could come here and have it with me. Mom asked if I wanted her to make herself scarce I just smiled and she got the message. 

Diane arrived on her bike only five minutes later, I'd pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. I busied myself making scrambled eggs and some toast for us all. As she started to remove her cycling shorts I told her my mother would be down shortly. She was about to pull her shorts back up when she caught the look I gave her. She smiled her million dollar smile and couldn't get them off quick enough. 

Mom came into the kitchen and gave her a breezy good morning and began tucking into the breakfast I placed before her. She was wearing a long thin top, it was easy to see she wasn't wearing a bra, I had to assume she wasn't wearing panties either. We were all scrapping our plates when I got a text from Lin saying she had another appointment near me at half ten, I told her when I let her in she was to stand in the middle of the lounge and strip. She was to get me hard ride me dress and leave as soon as I'd cum. Needless to say mom and Diane both loved the text! 

I knew it would be an ordeal for Lin but you can't say I hadn't warned her to expect company occasionally. As it happened she didn't appear to bat an eyelid at having an audience. She didn't even acknowledge them as she stripped off everything like she'd been alone. To get me hard she used her hands and mouth before kneeling aside me and feeding me into herself in a very efficient manner. The only emotion she showed was while she fucked herself on my dick, the way her boobs flopped around was really something to see. Diane and my mother found it captivating too I noticed. I held off coming long enough for her to finish and as I'd instructed once I had she almost jumped off me dressed as quickly as she'd undressed and let herself out. 

Diane was on me before the door closed, she sucked me till I was hard again and rode me in the same way Lin had. I lifted her t-shirt off as she started to ride me, although her small B cup breasts didn't gyrate in quite the same way as Lin's they still made a very pleasant handful. Mom was sat behind Diane. I watched as she slipped a hand between her legs to play with herself as she watched Diane bouncing on my lap for all she was worth.

When I came which was a long time after Diane, she climbed off me almost exhausted. Once she got her breath back she told us she needed to get home to do some practicing. She slipped her shorts and top back on, leaned down to give me a very sensuous kiss and before moving over to give my mother a kiss on the cheek. Well it started as a kiss on her cheek but ended up being a full blown open mouthed kiss which left them both a little surprised by it's intensity. 

Mom watched her cycle down the road before getting me hard the same way Lin and Diane had, before she too gently guided me into her dripping vagina. I had serious doubts about being able to finish. As it was if mom hadn't been as fit as she is I don't think I would have. As mom lay on my chest, recovering I thought about texting Mary but I just didn't think I'd be able to do it again, for a few hours at least! 

We decided to go out for lunch which at least meant we both got dressed. We headed for the closest decent pub and had a nice relaxing meal practically alone in the bar. Anne text to see if I was free any time in the afternoon. Mom said she could drop me at Anne's but I figured it's do no harm for Anne to have an audience either. I text back to say I'd be there in twenty minutes, it'd only be a flying visit so she needed to be ready for me.

Anne took me at my word. She'd said to let myself in the back door. We found her sat on their kitchen table, nude with her two feet on separate chairs. My mother being there obviously didn't bother her, she said hello and then turned her attention to me as I undid my jeans pushed them down to my knees. I got myself hard as I kissed her and gave her boobs a good feel. I'd only just slipped it into her when we heard the front door open. I felt Anne's pussy contract hard on my dick but otherwise she showed no obvious signs of panic.

Lin came into the kitchen, totally unfazed by what was happening, she came up to me and gave me the loveliest kiss on my mouth as she was gently rubbing my chest with one hand and my bare arse with the other... not sure what the HR people would make of that but I didn't think I'd be getting them involved. 

She asked if anyone else wanted a coffee, Anne grunted out, please. My mother said she wouldn't mind one and I asked for a glass of water. I came at the same time as the kettle clicked off which I thought was quite symbolic. 

I pulled my jeans up as I sat down but Anne seemed quite happy to remain nude which I wasn't going to complain about. As Lin was sipping her coffee she told me how much she was enjoying my... attentions. She felt like a different woman and was seriously thinking of getting me registered with the health service as a stress busting anti-depressant. It would save them millions if they had a few dozen men like me she said.

We all left together, leaving Anne to get on with her studies. At home mom asked if I had anything left in my balls? To answer her question we spent a very happy hour or so on her bed going at it like rabbits. After I'd dumped a fresh load of sperm into her vagina. I went to my room and fell asleep on my bed though sheer exhaustion. 

Dinner with my parents was a little frosty to say the least. At the end of it dad said he had an announcement to make which concerned us both. He wanted us to know he wasn't going to hide his sexual preference any longer. I asked what exactly that meant and he told us Collin and he were going to get a place of their own and live together.

I was as they say, stunned. He went on to tell us, Collin and he weren't actually together as it were. Collin had got to the point where he couldn't live with Mary any longer and had asked him if he wanted to share the rent on a place. 

Mom looked across at me and I could see she was as shocked as I was. She asked him when he intended to move out. He told us the tenancy on the flat started this Friday, the 1st September. He turned to me and asked if I could help him move a few things. No matter how I felt about what he was doing I still had to say I'd help. Mom asked what he was going to take. He told her he'd like the spare bed and for the moment at least the wardrobe out of the spare room and maybe some bedding and stuff.

Dad went out once we'd finished eating. I helped mom clear the table and we went to sit on the lounge. I'd expected mom to be devastated about the sudden course of events but we'd only been sat together a few minutes when she jumped up and went into the kitchen returning a few moments later with a dusty bottle of wine and two glasses. 

As she handed me the bottle to open I saw it was Champaign! Mom it seemed was in the mood for celebrating.