 Linda stirred sleepily as I very lightly traced the underside of her big breasts with my fingertips. I watched as she woke up, not sure where she was and not remembering being naked. She realized where she was and what happened and smiled broadly at me. She stretched and pushed those lovely breasts up at me. I had to take them in my hands and playfully squeeze them. She responded with, "we need to talk."

"Of course," I replied.

She was very adamant that she had no time for a relationship; she was too busy with college, a part time job and 2 girls to raise.

I asked her if she was sorry about what happened tonight and she laughed, "Are you kidding me?"

It felt funny to me talking about that kind of subject when we both were naked and laying on my bed. I said I would like more of what we had tonight, would she go for a "friends with benefits type of arrangement?" She looked at me, thought a bit and said how about you be my fuck buddy? 

She continued, "when I have time I'll give you a call, and we get together and fuck."

I responded, "not when my daughter Melody is home."

She replied, "not when my girls are around."

"It's a deal I replied."

She looked at my half hard cock and asked if I could do it again tonight. "Well of course" I said as I reached for her. She told me she had never fucked 3 times in one day and was surprised I could. I responded, "you haven't seen anything yet."

I had never had sex with a woman who shaved all of her pubic hair, so I did a little exploring. Butterfly kisses down from her belly button to just above the start of her lips. She felt like she didn't know what to think or do. I trailed those kisses down across her lips until I came to the opening. There I started some tongue action on the inside of her lips and finally stuck my tongue all of the way into her pussy. Still there was very little reaction, good or bad.

I moved back up to her clit and sucked it into my mouth. Sucking and licking I was getting very little reaction so I stopped and asked if she didn't like getting eaten? She replied "I've never had it done to me before."

I was shocked, who would have guessed that? I told her to relax and see what she thought about oral sex, and went back to her clit. This time I went slowly, with light licks and sucks, and light kisses on her lips. Taking my time I spent a lot of time tonguing her lips and clit. I finally reached my finger up into her pussy and started playing while I licked. 

I hit pay dirt when I found that magic spot, she started squirming and moaning as I massaged that spot inside her pussy. When she squirmed, she forced her pussy against my mouth. I tongued in earnest now and she was finally getting with the oral sex. The squirming continued and the moaning intensified. I alternated the licking and sucking of her clit with deep tonguing her pussy, all the while fingering that special spot. She was cumming hard and not stopping again. For a women that had been married more than 10 years she was not very experienced, but was learning fast.

When her orgasm started subsiding, I rolled over on top of her and slid my big, throbbing cock deep inside her soaking wet pussy. She started to moan again, and the orgasm was building inside her at once. I was just getting started so I pounded her hard. She loved it and had another long, hard cum. When she came back down I told her to get back on top.

She couldn't get up enough energy to make the move. I rolled her over on her back, lifted her up by the waist and pushed her knees under her body. She was on her knees with her face in the pillow and her ass in the air. My instincts told me this woman wanted it rough, and wanted to be dominated, so I smacked that exposed ass with my hand to get a reaction. There was a little whimper, so I smacked the other cheek. Another whimper, but nothing else.

I moved in behind her and entered her from the rear. My throbbing cock went deep inside her and she started to cum again. I resumed pounding her pussy as hard as I could and she loved it. I reached around in front of her and grabbed her left breast. I found the nipple and squeezed it between my thumb and forefinger. Her reaction was immediate. She was shivering from head to toe, cumming all over my hard cock, and mumbling incoherently. I kept pounding her, squeezing that nipple and holding back my orgasm.

This time when she collapsed on the bed I fell on top of her and stayed inside her. We lay that way for quite awhile. Me on top of her. She was face down, still shivering and mumbling. I debated resuming the fucking but decided against it. When she finally stopped shivering and mumbling, I rolled off and said "I NEED MY COCK IN YOUR MOUTH NOW." She turned over slowly, so I said NOW. She jumped on my cock with that vacuum cleaner mouth and had me cumming in seconds. As before, she kept me in her mouth until I was getting limp, and then made sure I was completely cleaned up before she moved away. She was asleep in seconds.

Linda woke up about 4 AM completely disoriented. She started to scream so I hugged her tight to calm her. She tried to get away from me for a second, and then it started coming back to her. She calmed down cuddled up real close and asked me what time it was. When I told her she flipped. 

The neighbors will see me walking down the street and know you and I have been fucking. She was really concerned, so I said we will go out through the side gate in my back yard, across the next door neighbor's back yard and into her back yard. The Delaneys are on vacation and no one will see you. She breathed a sigh of relief, and then panicked again. Where are my clothes? I thought about not telling her so that she would have to make the trip naked, but on second thought said "Let's look on my back porch." When we were dressed I led her out the gate and to her house. Once we got to her back door we kissed very passionately. I broke the kiss and said I'll call you tomorrow.

I called her after lunch. Melody just got home and we thought you might like to bring your girls over Tuesday afternoon for a pool party with her, and when I get home I'll grill some of the leftover burgers, brauts and hot dogs. She asked what time and we made the arrangements.

Tuesday came. I left work early and got home to the 4 of them in the pool. Linda looked great in a modest 2 piece bathing suit. I said hi and went back into the house to change clothes. I grilled some food and we ate. Linda brought potato salad and Melody had doctored up some baked beans, so it was a regular picnic. The 3 young girls were talking about the latest "must see" movie that was showing at the mall. Linda and I made small talk.

After supper I cleaned up while the girls got back into the pool. Linda came into the kitchen and we chatted while I was doing dishes. I mixed drinks and we went back onto the porch to watch the girls swim. I told Linda to sit in the loveseat with her back to the pool and I sat in a chair facing her. I wanted to talk about our "relationship" and she agreed to the topic.

She started with "I had more and better orgasms in one night with you than I did in over 10 years with Stan, and I want more of them."

I took control of the discussion. "Here is the way it's going to be."

"First, you will let me know when you are free. I will decide if we will get together."

"Second. You will do as I say, without hesitation, or the deal is off." She looked at me with a curious look. I said, "for instance: right now I want to see your body so pull you bikini top up so I can see all of your tits." A split second hesitation as she realized the girls were right behind her, then she grabbed the bottom of her bra and pulled it up letting those glorious globes hang free for me to see. "Now pull you bottoms to one side so I can see your pussy." With no hesitation she did as told and her pussy was visible. She was sitting there letting me look at her nakedness. "Third, you will let your pubic hair grow until I tell you to trim it, then you will shave it into a landing strip and keep it trimmed to be neat."

"Forth, whenever I cum you will clean me up with your mouth. Every time, no matter how I cum. Do you agree?" She nodded her head yes. I asked her if she had any questions. She replied, "can we fuck now?"

I told her to get dressed and we went out to the pool. 

"Melody, would you and the girls like to go to see that movie you were talking about at supper". They all got really excited and said, "yes, yes." I told them all to get dressed, it would be my treat. When they were ready to go I gave Melody $40.00 and the keys to my car.

"My car is bigger than yours, and the extra money is for popcorn and treats. In fact here is $20.00 more, have a good time."

They all left giggling and happy. When they were gone I told Linda, "into the bedroom and get naked, now."

She ran so fast those big breasts bounced out of her top. And I really enjoyed watching her ass as she ran.

In the bedroom she pulled off her bikini bottoms while I undid the top for her. I made her slowly turn so I could see all of her body. When she had her back to me I playfully squeezed her ass cheek. She moved backwards towards me. I slapped her ass hard and said, "did I tell you that you could do that?" She knew she had disappointed me. She moved back to where she had been and resumed her turn. When she was facing me again I pulled her to me and kissed her. 

Quickly our tongues were in each others mouths and my hands where roaming all over her nude body. My hard on poked her in the leg so she re positioned her body so it was pushing against her pussy. I had a big tit in one hand and was massaging her cute ass with the other. We were both getting turned on. I broke the kiss and told her to suck my cock. She quickly dropped to her knees and sucked my cock into her mouth. I told her to take it all down her throat. She tried and gagged. She started again and I grabbed her by the hair and pushed my cock deep into her throat. She gagged again but I held her there by the hair. She started to choke so I released her head. When she regained her breath I told her she needed to learn to do that ASAP.

She nodded her head, so I ordered her onto the bed. She lay down on her back. I made her roll over and stick her ass in the air, doggie style, with her knees under her. I moved in behind her and rammed my cock home in one big push. She went oomph as her breath was driven out of her. She sagged forward for a second then pushed back against my groin, she was moaning. I started to slowly move in and out of her pussy. Almost all of the way out, then slowly back in. The moaning intensified. I picked up speed and pounded harder. She stated cumming again and didn't stop. 

I rolled over on my back and told her to get on top and fuck me. I knew she liked this position and she gladly got on top. She sat up straight and began rapid up and down movements with her pussy. After she had another orgasm I ordered her to lie down on top of me and to pull her knees up close to my shoulders. Now I controlled the action. I pumped her deep as I kissed her. I reached a hand behind her thighs and squeezed her ass hard. She immediately was cumming again. I alternately spanked and squeezed her ass and she couldn't stop cumming. She finally went limp and didn't move. She may have passed out form the orgasms. 

When she started stirring again I rolled her over, lifted her legs up in front of me and resumed pounding that velvety, soaking wet pussy. I reached down and grabbed a nipple and twisted it. Another orgasm stated building in her, so I rubbed her clit with the thumb of my other hand. She was moaning, and mumbling incoherently and shivering, with no control of her body. I knew that she was mine, whenever, where ever and whatever I wanted. I finally dropped her legs down on the bed, pulled out of her pussy and lay quietly next to her while she recovered.

When she finally came back down she knew what to do. She rolled her head over my cock and started sucking. I said all of it and she was able to suck all of my throbbing cock deep into her throat. I fucked her throat until my orgasm came and I sprayed deep in her throat. She swallowed it all, waited until I was limp and gently licked my limp cock clean.