 Note: This is a story I wrote about an imaginary encounter with another Literotica.com member. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I liked writing it...

As for the Literotica member, you know who you are...

I met Linda through the online personals, normally I wouldn’t have bothered, and we all know that this can be a “crap-shoot”. Something about the tone to her e-mails, the way she expressed herself, made me forget about my “rule” and I continued our e-mail flirtations. Week after week, we would exchange e-mails and tell each other about our experiences, sexual as well as non-sexual. We talked about our likes and dislikes, and every time I thought we had gone stagnant, she would say or imply something that would spark my interest all over again.

After several months of this “back and forth”, we both started to hint at a meeting. I would say something about something I had experienced with whomever I had been with, and she would say, “ If I was there, you wouldn’t have been able to control yourself”, etc… Finally, one day I just said “enough is enough, if we don’t meet soon, I am going to go insane”.

Linda and I do not live very close to each other, but I travel a lot for business and fortunately, the opportunity to go to where she lived came up quite often. The only thing left to do, was to get up the nerve to actually ask her to meet. You always here the stories of people meeting for the first time and they describe themselves to each other and one or both people are disappointed, or the opposite can happen and the description doesn’t do them justice. Anyway, Linda described herself to me; 5’6’’ tall, reddish brown hair, brown eyes and busty. There were other details, but these seemed to be the ones that most stuck in my mind. I now had to figure out when and how I was going to be able to go see her. 

About three weeks later, my company got a call from our subsidiary near Linda, so I e-mailed her to let her know that I would be traveling to where she lived. I was still a little leery about meeting this “stranger” for the first time, so I asked her if she could meet me at a bar I knew near the hotel I was staying in. I was flying out on Monday afternoon and returning on Thursday, so if we hit it off the first day, we would have plenty of time to get to know each other. She told me she was nervous, and I said I was nervous too, that’s why I suggested a public place. We also agreed that if one of us were to change their mind, that the other was to be as understanding as possible and the “date” would end immediately. 

I arrived at my hotel at 3:00 pm, which gave me plenty of time to take a shower and change my cloths, as I was supposed to meet Linda between 7:30 and 8:00. I got to the bar at about 7:20, for some strange reason I thought if I was the first one there, I would be more comfortable. I sat in that booth, by myself, for almost 45 minutes. I thought Linda had gotten cold feet and decided not to come, but we had exchanged cell phone numbers, and agreed to call if we got cold feet or delayed. I got up to leave, when this pretty woman walked in; her eyes scanned the room quickly, and stopped on me. I told her I would be wearing Levis and a black button down shirt. I was relieved to see her smile, obviously recognizing me, so I sat back down as she came walking over. I can assure you, this was one of those times, when the description DID NOT do the person justice. I said earlier that she said she was busty, this was the understatement of the century, her breasts were huge. 

I didn’t take my eyes off her as she walked over to me, but I am sure every guy in the room noticed her, how could they not. She was also wearing Levis, but she had on one of those low cut form-fitting sweaters, showing a good 4 to 6 inches of cleavage. When she got to the table, she asked if I was leaving. I said I didn’t think she was coming and I was about to leave until I saw her come in. I was sitting in a horseshoe shaped booth, and as if we’d known each other for years, she smiled and said “slide in, unless you want me sit all the way over there”, and she pointed to the other side of the table. For some reason, the other side of the table seemed to be a mile away. I just chuckled and moved over so she could sit down. The waitress came over and took our drink order, and Linda ordered us each a shot of Tequila saying she needed to squash the nerves. This woman had me thinking all kinds of nasty thoughts almost as soon as she sat down. We sat and talked for what seemed like hours, and our conversations were exactly like our e-mails, very flirtatious and very suggestive. At this point, I was feeling a lot of sexual tension, but I didn’t know if she was. She was so friendly and “touchy-feely” with me that she had to be turned on as well.

I guess neither one of us noticed the place start to empty out, and the waitress came over to us and said they were going to close early because unless it’s football season, Mondays were slow. I had taken a cab to this place earlier because I didn’t rent a car and Linda said she would take me back to the hotel. As we were walking back to the car, I put my arm around her shoulder and she put her arm around my waist. It was then that I realized, that this was the first physical contact we had made and I got the chills. I walked her to the drivers side of the car, without saying a word, she turned to me and we started kissing. I was trying not to scare her off, so I kept my hands on her back. Linda on the other hand, immediately grabbed my ass with both hands, and pulled me into her tight. I guess for now, I would let her set the pace, control things. Almost as soon as we started kissing, my dick started to harden, and I knew she felt it on her hip because she started to grind into it, but it was starting to get uncomfortable as I was wearing jeans. 

I reached down behind her and opened the car door, and stopped kissing her for a second. I was going to say let’s get out of here, but she looked around for witnesses and started to rub my cock through my pants. She stared at my crotch as she rubbed it, and said, “Someone wants to come out and play”. Keep in mind we are in a parking lot of a public place. Linda sat down in her drivers seat with me still standing, she opened up my jeans, and worked my cock free, sucking it into her mouth. It was the most incredible feeling in the world. I had never been attacked like that before and it was very intense. Five minutes earlier, I had yet to shake this woman’s hand, and here she was giving me head in the parking lot of a bar. After a couple of minutes, she must have sensed I was close because she stopped sucking, looked up at me and said, “get in, but leave him out”. She slid over to the passenger seat, handed me the keys and asked if I knew the way to the hotel. I said yes, and started the car. Linda leaned over, stroked my dick, and kissed my neck as I backed out of the parking lot. As soon as I started to move the car forward, she told me that if I could hold off until we got there, she would spend the night, and if I couldn’t, we’d try again tomorrow. As soon as I said OK, she dropped down and took my cock back into her mouth. 

All kinds of thoughts raced through my mind while I drove. It was only about 2 miles and I kept saying to myself, ‘ you have to hold out’. I was doing everything I could, not to come. I later thought to myself that she was obviously just as worked up as I was, and she was clearly trying to control the situation. I didn’t think there was anyway I would be able to hold out and wasn’t sure if she was serious about leaving if I came, so I said the first thing that came to mind, “I think there is a cop behind us”. She immediately stopped moving her head, and slowly inched away until she was able to sit up. As Linda was snaking her way over toward the passenger door, I was able to get my zipper half way up. “Is he still back there?” she asked, I glanced over at her and said, “Is who back there?” as we pulled into the hotel. She turned around and saw that there had not been anyone within several hundred yards of us. Linda got the cutest smirk on her face and told me I was a sneaky bastard, and that she thinks she finally met her match. 

I asked her if she felt like having another drink, or did she want to come up stairs. “Are you serious?” was all she said as we got out of the car and headed into the lobby. My room was on the second floor, so we decided to take the stairs. I held the door to the stairway open for Linda, as I wanted to get a good view of her ass as she walked up the stairs. As she slid past me, she playfully squeezed my cock through my pants and laughed. I walked up behind her and got my first close-up view of her butt. Linda looked down at me behind her, and asked if I liked what I saw. I couldn’t resist, so I smacked her ass and said, “I’ll teach you too tease my like that” referring to the car. As we got to the top of the stairs, I grabbed the waist of her jeans, spun her around and pinned her up against the door to the floor I was on. We immediately attacked each other; grabbing any body part, we could get our hands on. We barely made it to my door before we started undoing each others pants. 

Once inside the room, Linda pinned me up against the door. She smiled at me as she dropped to her knees and once again worked my cock free. I must have been extremely horny, because “blue balls” had started to set in just from the walk from the car. I knew there was no way I was going to be able to control myself much longer, and I told Linda I was going to cum. However, she just sucked harder, until I exploded in her mouth. She milked me dry and then said, “Now that that’s out of the way, we can really have some fun”. I felt so much awe and lust for this woman, that I never completely lost my hard on. As she rose from her knees, I spun her around so her back was to me and I worked her jeans down to her ankles. I leaned her forward so her hands were resting on the foot of the bed, and then I dropped to my knees. There was this thong covered, work of art right there inches from my face. I couldn’t help myself; I wanted to worship this woman’s ass. As I strenuously massaged her ass cheeks, I licked and nibbled them as well. 

I was no longer thinking rationally, and I grabbed the fabric in her ass crack and ripped it off her. For a split second, I got nervous that she would be mad, but she just moaned loudly and pushed her butt back towards my face. Her pussy was soaking wet, and I stuck my tongue as far into her hole as possible. As I worked my tongue in and out of her pussy from behind, I reached up to get my first touch of those magnificent breasts. I stood up for a second, and she got the hint and stood up straight as well. Linda stepped out of her jeans, as did I. We were now both completely naked accept for her tits. I unclasped her bra and she let it drop onto the bed. I loved the feeling of her back pressed up against my front. I wrapped my left arm around her and hefted one her breasts while I licked her left ear. As I was doing that, she reached back between us to fondle my balls. 

Linda turned around to face me, and I lowered her onto her back. I wanted to concentrate on eating her pussy. As I dropped back down to my knees, she spread her legs for me. I made certain that I didn’t let my tongue go anywhere near her clit for 5 or 10 minutes. I slowly worked 1 then 2 fingers into her pussy. As I picked up the pace with my fingers, her moaning intensified, and then I pressed my tongue flat against her clit and she screamed. Her orgasm lasted nearly half a minute, and when she was done, I spun around so we were in a kind of sideways 69. Linda devoured my cock at this point, and I buried my face between her legs, hungrily licking any spot I could reach. When my tongue touched her asshole, she squirmed, gasped and threw her head from side to side with half my cock in her mouth. As she did this, I rolled us so I was on my back. I reached for her hair, and pulled back on it. She took this as a queue to sit upright. This move forced her ass to come down directly on my face. Linda reached back and spread her own ass cheeks giving me total access to her asshole.

As I alternately tongued her asshole and pussy, I was able to reach up and squeeze her beautiful tits. After a few minutes of this, she turned around to straddle me. I don’t know where it came from, or why she was bothering at this point, but she had somehow gotten a condom. I am not against condoms, but after everything we just did, the only thing a condom would do was, keep her from getting pregnant. I wasn’t going to argue as she rolled the condom down my dick. Linda and I both stared between our legs as she slowly impaled herself on me. It was such an erotic site, especially for me, as I got to see this just below her hanging, swaying breasts. As Linda leaned forward, she started to rock her hips back and forth, causing her breasts to sway even more. I reached for them and alternately licked her nipples, and held onto her ass with both hands, almost guiding her movement. Soon, Linda picked up pace, and as she reached her second orgasm, told me to squeeze her ass hard.

As she rode out her orgasm, I remembered something from one of her e-mails. She told me that she had very sensitive nipples, and that sucking hard on them could make her cum. I started biting down on her right nipple, and it was as if her orgasm started all over again. When it finally subsided, she half laughed while she was catching her breath. Now it was my turn to take control. I rolled her off me and onto her stomach. I straddled her rear end and started to rub my dick up and down the crack of her ass. Linda started to rotate her hips in a small circular motion, and my cock found the opening to her pussy again. I swatted her ass lightly and said “not yet”. I then grabbed her by her hips and raised her ass off the bed so it was facing the ceiling. Slowly, I placed the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy. Linda moaned now, with just the head of my dick in her I wet my thumb and started to circle her asshole gently. As I did that, I pressed inch by inch into her now steaming hole. I grabbed hold of her butt cheeks and started to slide in and out of her.

This whole time, Linda’s chest was still on the bed, making her upturned ass that much more pronounced, but as I picked up the pace, she raised herself up onto her hands and knees. Every couple of seconds, she would turn a little to look back at me, giving me a view of her heaving tits. I was now fucking her with every ounce of strength in my body; the sound of our bodies smacking together and of the grunts and squeals was too much for me. I buried myself deep and held it there as I let go with such force, that I nearly blacked out. When my senses came back to me, Linda was cleaning off my cock with a warm soapy towel. She just smiled and said, “All that sex was making me hungry again, and I’m just getting him ready”…

To be continued…