 Amanda and I had been in a relationship for some time; we were very fond of each other and liked doing many of the same things. Mandy, as almost everyone close to her called her, and I loved spending so much time together I asked her to move in with me. It didn't take much convincing because we loved so much about each other, but we were not in love. At least not to the point we wanted to get married. But that didn't strain our relationship in the least. Had we met when we were younger it might have been a different story, but neither of us knew how to travel back in time so we enjoyed the time we had together.

Amanda is lovely, both inside and out. She's the sort of person you just wanted to be around as much as possible, always a hit at any party. She's intelligent, witty, and fun. Drop dead gorgeous, she stood five-six, one hundred-thirty pounds with curves in all the right places. Fantastic 36-C boobs, nice hips, great looking (and tight!) ass, and lovely tanned legs. Athletic in her younger years, Amanda ran track well enough in high school to win a track scholarship at our well-known State university. In other words, she is the total package, and I was lucky she saw enough in me to want to be a couple. 

And our sex life is great as well. She is uninhibited, always giving, and vocal about what she desires, as well as what she will do for you. And because she was also the type of person you would want to please, I could have spent hours between her legs, kissing, licking, sucking, caressing, hell, just feeding off her delicious nectar. And while she enjoyed my oral skills - I cannot eat enough pussy, I love it so much! - she also wanted to fuck, in just about every conceivable position. We had both marathon sessions, which sometimes felt as if they'd be the death of me, and 'fuck me now' quickies in the middle of the day. On more than one occasion I'd get a call from Amanda while we were both at work, telling me to be at her office at 11:30, because she had fifteen minutes she 'needed to use.'

But life being what it is, isn't perfect. Amanda had three sons from a previous marriage, all are grown, married with kids, and at least semi-productive members of society. No one's in jail, in other words. But not all make the best decisions, and that usually means they come running to momma. In this particular instance the eldest had made some bone headed financial decisions, and while he wasn't asking for money he did request we watch the youngest grandchild so they could save five-hundred dollars a month, until they resolved some issues.

Now don't get me wrong, I love all the grandkids as if they were my own, and would always suggest to the boys and their wives that we'd gladly watch the kids for a weekend if they wanted to get away for some personal time, or just go out one night for dinner and a movie. But this was each weekday, for several months to come and that was going to mean Amanda and I would have to adjust our schedules, and limit the time we could do the things we wanted to do. And in a gentle way I said this to both the eldest, and his wife Lindsay. He sort of brushed it off, she was a little more sympathetic.

And so we adjusted our schedules to accommodate theirs. Fortunately both our jobs allowed for significant telework away from the respective offices so usually both of us, but at least one of us, were home watching the baby. After around the seventh month I was so looking forward to some non-family time, alone with just Amanda and I relaxing or melding into each other. 

Whatever, just some normal quiet time. 

And that's about the time things took another less-than-normal turn.

Lindsay came by one afternoon when only I was watching the baby, who by the way was a very good child, to take him home. Now, while not the complete opposite of Amanda, physically speaking, Lindsay was more of the pretty girl next door type. She was tall, probably five-ten, one twenty-five and no more than a B-cup, but a very friendly, easy to talk to young lady. Everyone who knew her said she was 'sweet.'

So sweet Lindsay and I are talking about nothing in particular as we're preparing the young one for departure when she says, "I'm really sorry we've put you in this position, I know you've both had to make some adjustments and I just want to say I'm very appreciative of what you guys are doing."

"Well, we love you all and want to help where we can. Yeah, we've made some minor changes, but we're fine," I tried to reassure her. "And again, if there comes a time, say, like on a Friday or Saturday night where you both need some alone time, or just want to go out for a couple of hours we'll watch the boys."

"Yeah well, thanks but you won't have to worry about that," Lindsay replied almost snarkily. "He's all about himself these days so I doubt very seriously we'll be going out any time soon."

I thought I saw her getting a little misty-eyed so I said, "Hey, look at me. You tell him he needs to take care of business at home, and all that entails. You know what I mean?"

I sort of regretted saying that, getting into their personal lives and all, so I quickly apologized to Lindsay if it appeared I was getting into any other their business particularly that of a delicate nature.

"No need to apologize, really. And I mean that," Lindsay stated as she picked up the baby and started towards the door. She then stopped and turned back to me, "It's nice to hear words like that from someone who knows what it takes to be a man, and acts like one as well. So thank you."

"Oh, no need for any of that. You're special to us and we only want what's best for you all," I said sincerely.

"You've been so good to us, more than you think you've been. If there's anything we can do, anything I can do as a way of thanks to make up for the time you've taken, please tell me," Lindsay stated.

"You should go, before your arm falls off from holding the baby," I replied.

For the life of me, I may never understand why I said what I said next. It may have just been a smart-ass comment, which I'm known to make from time to time. It may have been some subconscious sexual attraction I felt for Lindsay. Or may be a combination of the two. To this day I'm still not sure. But out it came in the very next breath nonetheless, before she had time to react to my previous words.

"And someone as lovely as you should never ask a dirty old man if there's anything you can do for them."

While I was now mentally kicking myself in the ass for opening my mouth, Lindsay sat the baby down and looked at me questioningly.

"God, I'm so sorry for saying that. Lindsay, please, I didn't mean to imply..." I tried to explain.

Moving closer, Lindsay said, "No, I'm glad you did."

This was confusing, and made more so when Lindsay stepped directly in front of me and placed her right hand on my left cheek.

"A real man recognizes what's in front of him, and does what's necessary," she said while we looked deeply into one another's eyes. "I find that to be both mentally and physically exciting. We'll talk more about this some other time, you can be sure of that."

She then kissed me softly, but quickly, on the lips, picked up her child, turned and left. I stood there in a daze, and found myself staring at her ass as she walked away, while running my tongue along the outside of my lips before backing up and sitting down in my chair.

The next thing I recall is Amanda walking through the door.

"Hey, how are you? I'm going to take a quick shower, you wanna play around when I get out?"

I recognized it as more a statement of her almost-immediate needs, so I walked into the bedroom, undressed, and waited for her under the covers. A few minutes later she came out, threw the towel towards the end of the bed, and climbed in and then onto me. She looked and smelled great! Her breasts, pressed against me, coupled with the heat from her pussy on my lower abdomen was having a pleasant effect on my cock, which Amanda seemed to be happy about. Best or all, I'd forgotten all about Lindsay.

"Mmmm, just what I needed," she said as she positioned herself over my stiffness.

"Welcome home, baby," I said as she slid down my length.

"Mmmm, you too," she quickly replied, followed by a series of, "Ahhh, yes. Mmm, oh fuck yeah."

I let her have her way with me as I kicked the covers off my legs. Soon, she bent forward to kiss me again, and I rolled us both over quickly, and began to steadily stroke in and out of her as I held the back of both her knees in each of my hands.

"Oh yeah, that's nice baby," she cooed as she rocked her hips against mine each time we made contact.

"Oh, you like that?" I asked. "You want more?"

"Mmm, yes. Fuck yeah, just like that. Give me all of you, ...oh fuck," she breathily replied.

I banged her hard and deep a good five times before pulling out and commanding her to roll over.

"Mmm goody!" she exclaimed with a smile as she turned over, face planted on her hands, ass raised.

"Mmmm, give me that stick," Amanda said while shaking her ass back and forth. "C'mon and fuck this pussy, baby. Fill me up."

I grabbed her ass and was sheathed in one long, deep stroke as she practically yelled "Uh, fuck yeah. Uh, fuck, uh, yeah," to each long and deliberate thrust. "Don't, fucking, stop, oh, fuck..."

Looking down at her back, and then her firm round ass I was taken back to earlier this afternoon when I watched Lindsay's jean-clad butt walk out the door. She was now back in my head. How would her pussy feel, I thought to myself, wrapped around my cock? Lindsay needed a good fuck, and I was just the one to give it to her. 

And I did. 

Only Amanda was the recipient.

And I went to town, driving my fingers into her firm globes, trying to get a grip so I could assault her pussy even more. My strokes were long, purposeful, and ever-quickening. I thought to myself, 'Lindsay had never been fucked like this, I'm sure, and she'd remember this for years!'

"Goddammit! Oh fuck yeah. Oh my fucking God. Yes, yes, YES!" I heard Amanda scream.

"Oh, motherfucker!" I yelled back as I emptied my balls into her slippery channel, with a smack...smack...smack against her ass with each exquisite orgasmic convulsion.

"Damn baby, that was awesome," I heard her say over the roar in my ears. "Taking your vitamins, huh?"

We slowly, and somewhat painfully (old age), began to disengage and I sat back on my legs as she lowered her ass.

"Seeing, smelling, and feeling you brings out the animal in me," I said between ragged breaths. "Who could resist your charms."

"Mmmm, keep talking like that lover, and I'll be on top of you again."

"As enticing as that sounds, there's something else I'd like for you to do for me," I told her.

"Anything, baby. What can momma do for you?"

"Go fix me a 'sammich'," I jokingly said.

"Fuck you!" came the reply, along with a pillow.

I moved up and laid next to and wrapped my arms around her before saying, "Okay."

The next several weeks continued as normal, although I was never alone when Lindsay came by in the mornings or afternoons to drop off or pick up the baby. We talked pleasantly to one another as if nothing had ever previously happened, but it seemed we both would look more deeply at one another when communicating, even when around others. No one seemed to notice, we were family after all.

It wasn't long after when Amanda had to go away for a Tuesday thru Thursday business trip on the coast, something that happened several times a year with her job, so not that unusual. The Monday night prior, we had one of our marathon sessions where neither of us could get enough of the other, and we each wondered how neither withered into prunes given the amount of fluids we were expending. As she left early Tuesday morning Amanda said she was sure she'd sleep well on the plane, but couldn't wait to get back so we could finish what we'd started the night before. I then told her if we hadn't had this break, I'd surely have been finished, and would need to be put in the ground.

Tuesday came and went without incident, the baby's father dropped him off for the day, and Lindsay was there in the afternoon to pick him up. The usual pleasantries were exchanged, and nothing more. Just two people being nice, and saying goodnight.

Wednesday morning Lindsay arrived with their baby, which again was not unusual. They seemed to take turns based on who needed to be where, and when that particular day. So I welcomed her in and assisted with the assorted baby bags, again nothing out of the ordinary.

Once the baby was situated, Lindsay turned to me and said, "I called in and am taking a vacation day."

Not quite understanding, I asked, "Need to do some shopping and want me to watch him while you do?"

"No, I'm going to stay here with you," she said.

"Oh Lindsay, do you really think that's a good idea?"

"Best one I've had in a while. Let's sit down and talk, over here," she said as she took my hand and pulled me with her towards the couch.

"Please, sit," Lindsay said, and I did.

I wasn't quite prepared for what she did next, which was to straddle and sit on my legs, facing me and placing her hands on my shoulders, keeping an arm's length distance between us. I must have looked dumbfounded at her boldness, but also couldn't help looking at the top of her slight cleavage exposed over her shirt, and down past her stomach where I saw the denim seam disappear between her legs.

As she spoke I looked back up to her eyes, "Don't worry, we're just going to talk for a few minutes. But I should tell you, I do appreciate the way you look at me. The way you just looked at me with a desire in your eyes. I can see it, almost smell it. It's been a while since I've experienced anything like that, and I miss it." 

"Lindsay, I..."

"Shhhh," she quickly said while placing a finger to my lips. "When I said we were going to talk, I really meant I was. Not that you don't have a say in this, you absolutely do. But please, just listen to me for a sec, and then you can answer. Deal?"

"Deal," I replied, trying to relax. 

Which is pretty much impossible when a lovely young woman, wearing light, but intoxicating perfume is straddling your groin.

"I told you before about my situation."

I nodded.

She continued, "Well, it hasn't gotten any better, I've tried a number of things, meals, lingerie, everything and he hardly gives me the time of day, let alone his hard on. The way he's been, I'm not sure I can make him hard any more."

"Lindsay,..."

"Shush," she said. "Look, it's not easy for me to be here, talking about this, let alone thinking about breaking my vows. You might not have known this about me, but let's just say I wasn't a virgin when we got married. I like sex. A lot. I like what I can do to a man, the power I seem to have over him at times. And I love what he can do for and to me, understand? So I need to be looked at, admired and desired. I need love and to be made love to. Is that wrong?"

I'm hoping that's a rhetorical question, so I just continue looking her in the eyes.

"I don't know if I will let you fuck me," she said.

"Lindsay, I..."

"But," she continued as if I never started speaking, "I have to do something. I need to be touched in a very personal way, if that makes sense. And I've heard stories. Oh yes," she said in response to my raised eyebrows, "Women talk, and Mandy just goes on and on about how good you are at oral. I think I can go that far. At least for now. I want you to go down on me. Will you please do that for me?"

I'm literally speechless. In my head a voice is saying, 'why of course you poor, sweet thing, I'll lick your pussy until the cows come home. Or at least until you have to go home.' Another is saying 'what the fuck?' I look deeper into her eyes and am sure they're getting wetter. I don't know if it's from the guilt she may be feeling from asking, or that she thinks she's about to be rejected again. Who could possibly turn down such a request from as pretty and pleasant a woman as she? I can feel my mouth almost involuntarily begin moving into a smile.

Grabbing my face, before I've even started to say a word, Lindsay puts her lips to mine and kisses me passionately, her tongue working it's way forcefully into my mouth. All I can do is wrap my hands around her and hold on, now gladly participating in the growing passion. Finally starved for air, we break our lip lock and I feel her face and warm breath on my neck.

"Thank you, you don't know how much I'm looking forward to this," Lindsay says, which seems amusing to me since I'm the one who's going down on her muffin. Hard to top that!

"I'm so wet with anticipation, I might have an orgasm before I get my panties off," she said.

Finally able to get more than two words in, I gently push her face back in front of me, and say, "I'll admit I've never had a request like this, at least not quite this way. Lindsay, are you sure about this? I don't want to cause any harm to your marriage..."

"Absolutely!" She exclaimed as she stood before I could finish what I was about to say. "Where do you want to go, here? The bedroom?"

"Well, if you're as ready as you say you are, let's just just switch places," I said to her. "Let me watch you undress," I continued as I moved the coffee table away from the couch.

"You can take your shirt off, in fact I'd like that very much," she replied as she loosened and started shimmying out of her jeans.

She then sat on the edge of the cushion and lifted her legs where I could see a large wet area on her panties before she removed them, revealing a nicely trimmed brunette-covered pussy as she sat back.

I stood in front of her, still in my jeans, took her hand in mine and said to her, "Lindsay, I want to remove all doubt about whether you can turn a man on or not. Feel, please."

I then released her hand from mine because I wanted her to reach over and feel how hard she'd made my cock. When she did, she smiled and looked up at me. I then knelt down in front of her and gently tongue kissed her for a moment, hearing and feeling her moan.

"Now sit back, beautiful. I only hope you enjoy this as much as I'm going to," I told her.

As she leaned back and spread her legs I heard her softly say, "Oh..., fuck..."

I gently rubbed the tops of her thighs before moving my hands to the delicate inner area. I could smell her sex, inhaled deeply, and I had to fight the urge to dive in. As her flower opened for me it glistened as if lightly kissed by the morning dew, her shimmering silky liquid clinging in a sinewy string to her parting lips. I had to taste her. You would have thought a shock of electricity had caused her to jump when I softly laid my tongue in her velvet groove, extracting her deliquescence onto my palate. I gazed up at her, seeing her head tilted back and eyes closed.

"Uh, god that feels so good. It's been so long, fuck it feels so good..." she moaned.

Gently moving my hands from her alternately tightened and loosened thigh muscles, up under her shirt and over her abdomen, my goal was to play with her bra-encased breasts but her hands stopped me just as I reached their underside.

"Too small," Lindsay said, now looking down at me. "They're embarassing. Please."

Lifting away from her slightly, I replied, "Nonsense, I'm sure they're beautiful, simply because they're yours. I'd love to feel them. Please, may I?"

Her hands moved away and mine moved up and over her bra, and began softly squeezing her breasts. Yes, they were small but they had substance for their size. Reaching further upward I found her bra straps and pulled them down over her shoulders. I then moved back down and pulled the cups below her mounds, and felt the warmth of her smooth skin and hardened nipples, feeling her moans emanating from her chest.
