 After my morning on the water with Sam, I headed back to the cabin in a much better mood. Not only did I have two fantastic bass on my stringer, but my body was pleasantly sore from an hour of intense sex with a lithe 20-year old. 

The wives had gone shopping, the kids were off with Lindsey somewhere, and the weather was perfect. My two cousins were relaxing on the screen porch, Jim on his laptop doing something for work and Bill reading on the hammock. I said hello cheerfully, then went off to clean the fish and take a shower myself. They thought I was simply happy about the fish!

That shower, by the way, is my favorite spot. The cabin has a perfectly good bathroom, but the outdoor shower is exceptional. It is situated on the back corner of the house, away from all the windows and decks and bedrooms. Built of sturdy cedar, it has privacy slats from ankle to shoulder height, a teak floor that drains into gravel, and an old-fashioned showerhead that blasts you like a firehose. I love nothing better than to let that water pound down on me while I sip from a beer set on the weathered ledge and look out into the pine forest. A narrow inlet runs up beside the house, and in the morning, the mist crawls up from there and trickles across the tawny carpet of pine needles that surrounds the property.

Anyway, this day was no exception. I sipped a cold local microbrew, lathered myself while thinking of Sam’s delicious body touching mine, and then rested my forearms on the top ledge and gazed out into the quiet woods. I had no regrets except that I had to return to my actual life and my actual wife. Still, that memory would sustain me through a lot of unsatisfying nights!

By the time I got out, the women were home with the groceries and Lindsey was helping them unpack so she could make lunch. The kids were splashing at the edge of the lake, and I finished my beer while I kept an eye on them and laughed at their innocent fun.

“Want another beer with your sandwich?” said a voice behind me.

Turning, I saw Lindsay holding a tall can dripping with condensation in one hand and a tall plate of food in the other.

“Absolutely!” I said with a grateful smile, reaching out to take both.

“How was the fishing?” she asked innocently, her eyes gleaming.

My eyes darted around, but none of the others seemed interested.

“It was amazing!” I told her with a grin of my own. “Probably the best morning ever.”

“I’m so glad. Sam really knows where to find the big ones.”

Sometimes I wish I was smooth. When Lindsey said that, I had just taken a sip and the icy cold beer went down the wrong pipe entirely. Double entendres do that to me sometimes! I choked and coughed, my eyes streaming while I tried not to spill anything. Lindsey thoughtfully took my can and plate out of my hands and put them down on a nearby table. After a minute, I recovered while everyone either laughed at me or asked if I was OK.

“I’m fine...I’m fine!” I reassured them all.

Turning to Lindsey again, I asked if there was any way I could repay Sam for such a great morning. She said she’d think about it and then disappeared inside.

“I’m glad you guys had a good fishing trip,” my wife said as she sat down across from me.

“It was really nice out there--did you see the fish?” I said, changing the subject away from Sam and my morning activities.

“I did--that will make for a good dinner,” she said with a smile.

“That’s the plan!” I told her, rising to clear my plate.

That evening, the house was amazingly quiet. I was putting the last of the plates into the dishwasher. Jim and Bill had gone to town with their wives, the kids were watching a movie with Lindsey in the den, and (of course) my wife was listening to a podcast--family code for “going to bed early so leave me alone.” I was playing music softly and working on a tall can of beer as I finished cleaning the kitchen. When everything was done, it was 9:30 and the sunset over the lake had faded to full darkness. I went out onto the deck to enjoy the emerging stars and think back over the incredible day I had experienced.

About a half hour later, the screen door creaked. I glanced over my shoulder and saw Lindsey framed in the light, holding a can of beer. Not wanting to gawk, I took a mental snapshot of that instant to enjoy later. White sneakers, calf-length yoga pants, form-fitting tank top, lightly tanned arms and shoulders, and dark blonde hair caught up in a loose, low ponytail. Delicious. 

To make it less obvious that I was scoping her out, I threw out a line to distract her: “Hey--are you drinking all my beer behind my back?”

She smirked, knowing full well what I was up to.

“I’m drinking your beer right in front of you--can’t you see that?” White teeth flashed in the shadow of her face.

“Right. That’s much better,” I said sarcastically.

She took a few quick steps and arranged herself in an Adirondack chair beside me. When her sneakers settled onto the footrest, she crossed her ankles and sighed deeply.

“Those kids wore me out today!”

“You do a great job with them,” I told her. “I don’t know what we’d do without you!”

Lindsey’s eyes flashed and I could see another kind of smile on her face.

“I heard you did great without me this morning!” she said teasingly.

“Uh...” was my brilliant response.

“Don’t worry--Sam’s my best friend. We tell each other everything, and she texted me a full report. I’m just glad you got to have some fun!” she said, glancing meaningfully down the wall of windows to the bedroom where my wife was sleeping, then back at me with raised eyebrows.

“It was fun,” I told her earnestly, “and I guess I have you to thank for that!”

“All part of the service here at Lakeside Au Pairs,” she said grinning.

“Well, I think that kind of service goes above and beyond. And you promised to tell me what a good thank-you present would be for Sam, remember?”

“I do,” she assured me. “Sammy likes white wine--she won’t drink beer. I think you should pick up a bottle and drop it off some time.” 

The thought of seeing Sam again was enough incentive to get my imagination started. I’m sure I had a stupid little smile on my face because Lindsey watched my reaction and then smirked at me with raised eyebrows. I turned to look at her with a more neutral expression.

“Maybe I will. I think she deserves it!”

“And for MY thank-you present...” she began.

“Wait a minute--you’re already drinking it!” I said with a laugh.

“Oh, right...guess I am!” she laughed back at me.

I can’t say what was going through her mind, but I was a mess. She knew all about what I had done with her friend that morning. Fucking Sammy probably texted her right away! They both knew I was cheating on my wife. Lindsey was a gorgeous 20-year old drinking beer with me all alone on the deck on a moonlit night, letting me check out her body. I fucked her friend on a boat in the middle of a lake and came inside her! My mind was racing at first, but I told myself she wouldn’t say anything to anyone, and she clearly didn’t have a problem with what I had done with her friend. That made me feel better, even if there was still some tension in me. After a few minutes of companionable silence, I drained my beer and heaved myself up.

“Linds,” I said, “I’m going to get cleaned up and get some sleep.”

She nodded before answering: “OK...I’ll see you later!”

With that, I went inside and padded quietly down the hall. I opened the bedroom door gently and tiptoed into our room, shucking off my T-shirt and shorts as I went. My wife had left my bedside lamp on so I could see--she’s always thoughtful about that when she goes to bed early. 

Grabbing a towel, I headed back into the hallway, latched the door softly, and walked past the kids’ bedrooms to the far end of the house where the shower was. The sliding door led to a small patio, and I hung my towel on the outside of the cedar post. Stepping inside, I stripped off my boxers and tossed them over the gate. A quick turn and the water came blasting down. I waited until it was steaming and stepped in, letting the spray pound onto my head.

As I stood there under the stream, I thought I heard something. I stepped forward a little and shook my ears clear of water before looking around. Next to my boxers, a can of beer glistened in the pale moonlight.

Before my brain could process its arrival, however, a voice came out of the darkness.

“I’m having another beer--do you want one?”

Lindsey. Before I could formulate an answer, the gate opened. I was too stunned to cover myself. She stood in the entry wrapped in a fluffy beige towel, its end tucked in between her beautiful breasts. She held a can of IPA up and smiled at me lasciviously. My eyes flickered between her smile, the beer, the top of her towel, and the delicate bare legs and feet below.

Since I was apparently incapable of speech, she carried the conversation forward.

“I knew I’d find you here! Those guys aren’t going to be back until after 11,” she said. Those words hung meaningfully in the air between us, but I still couldn’t find anything to say, so she went on.

“I was sitting there all alone on the deck drinking my thank-you present. Then I realized that I wanted a better present. It’s so weird hearing from someone else how amazing you are, and I realized that I’m a little jealous of Sammy. So I decided to come out here and see if we could even things up a little bit. What do you think?”

“What did you have in mind?” I asked as suavely as I could, my heart pounding.

“Well...” she began. “I was thinking that I should come out here and...” 

Setting the beer next to mine on the ledge, she turned her back and opened the towel. Slowly, she let it slip down until it rested at her waist. I’ve always been a sucker for a woman’s back--I think it’s one of the sexiest parts of her body, and Lindsey was no exception. Long muscles rippled enticingly, curves gleamed in the moonlight, and I even caught a flash of pale breast beneath her arm as she moved.

“Take my towel off...”

I sucked in my breath when Lindsey let go of the towel with one hand and it fell away from her. She leaned out to hang it on a hook, knowing that my eyes were locked on her perfect ass. Oh, my God was it magnificent! Two perfect curves of silky pale skin, the channel between them and the mysteries below them both shadowy in the faint light of the moon. The water beat down on my shoulder, but I didn’t feel it at all--I was too caught up in the beauty emerging in front of me. Lindsey looked over her shoulder and smiled to see my lust-filled gazed traveling over her body.

Then she turned toward me, revealing the full, soft curves of her breasts and the sleek skin of her belly as it sloped down to neatly groomed curls at the juncture of her thighs. 

“And get in the shower with you...”

She stepped forward, and I backed up a pace to make room for her. The water fell between us in a hissing jet, barely grazing her arm.

“And see if I could get a better thank-you present for myself,” she concluded. 

Then she stepped into the spray, closing the distance between us in a heartbeat. Her body was warm and supple against mine, and she tilted her head up until her lips were hovering just a few inches below mine. My arms wrapped around her instinctively, and my heart continued its pounding as she stretch up on tiptoe to kiss me sensuously.

“Do you think that’ reasonable,” she asked demurely, “or should I be happy with my beer?”

With a groan, I pulled her tighter against me, my hands gripping her waist and her ass roughly.

“You can have anything you want!” I said with intensity.

She smiled a knowing and uniquely feminine smile, then turned us so that the water hit me directly between the shoulder blades.

“Good,” she said, kissing me lightly on the lips. “I want this.”

Her hands went directly to my cock, which was trapped vertically between us. She moved back a bit and wrapped one hand around its girth, pulling it down and rubbing the tip along the soft, ridged muscles of her abdomen. 

When she knelt and looked up at me with wide, intense eyes, I knew I was in for a treat. I let one hand rest on her damp hair and grabbed the top of the fence with the other in preparation. Lindsey did not disappoint me!

Wrapping both hands around my shaft, she first stroked the underside with her thumbs, making me throb with pleasure. A few drops of precum appeared and she quickly licked them away, then swirled her tongue all around the crown as she sucked me into the voracious heat of her mouth. My eyes closed halfway with pleasure and I let out a deep, heartfelt groan.

Pausing for a moment, Lindsey looked up at me from her kneeling position. I can picture her still, her lips wrapped around my cock and a proud and happy smile in her eyes. Then she got down to business, and I found myself lost in the sensations she created.

Her interlaced fingers rose and fell as she began to bob her head up and down, taking more than half of my cock into her mouth with each descent. Her thumbs reached down at the bottom of each stroke and curled gently around my balls before starting back up. Every once in a while for variety, Lindsey would squeeze tightly at the base of my cock and cut off my circulation. When she did this, it would throb dangerously and she spent a moment just sucking as hard as she could, letting me feel the vacuum of her cheeks and tongue before resuming her motion.

It was during one of these moments that the scene shifted from mindblowing to surreal. My eyes opened as she sucked intently on me, and I saw a deer walking noiselessly across the pine needles, her tawny coat silver in the shafts of moonlight that made it through the branches. My attention snapped back and forth between the thrill of Lindsey’s mouth and the placid tranquillity of the surroundings. It was a powerful combination, and I knew that I couldn’t last much longer.

Twining my fingers in her hair, I tilted her head back. “Lindsey...” I croaked.

She seemed to get it intuitively, because she released my cock and kept her hands still.

“Sammy said that she let you cum inside her,” she said, looking up at me for confirmation.

I nodded.

“I want that, too, then. I want to feel what she felt--she said it was so good! That can be my thank-you present for setting you up, OK?”

“One hundred percent!” I said fervently.

Ready for more, I pulled Lindsey to her feet and turned us so that we both got the full spray on our sides. I kissed her eagerly, and her tongue dueled with mine while she stroked my back and my sides. I returned the favor, rubbing one hand from her breast down to her hip and letting the other one rest comfortably wrapped around the bottom of her ass. 

After a quick glance around, I had figured out the logistics of our situation. I put my back to the shower again, turning Lindsey to face the woods as I did. My hands wrapped around her from behind, cupping her breasts and letting my thumbs toy with her nipples. Then I let my right hand trail down the valley between them, across her belly, and into the silky short hair below. Lindsey gasped and spread her legs a little for me, but I wanted more access. Reaching down, I pulled up on her thigh--she got the hint and put her foot up on the bench.

With the way clear, I kissed her neck, tasting the pure water and her own natural flavor. My hand went between her thighs, four fingers rubbing firmly along her labia, then back to her mound. I didn’t ignore her clit, but I didn’t focus on it yet, knowing that she could feel my every move in her most sensitive spot anyway. Her head fell back on my shoulder as I explored her body.

When my two middle fingers parted her opening and slipped along the shallow groove of her pussy, Lindsey’s breath caught in her chest. She turned her head and kissed me frantically, biting my lip and sending her tongue deeply into my mouth in her eager response. When I began sliding those two fingers into her, she whimpered happily against my lips and kept right on kissing me. I did notice, however, that her hand crept behind her back and began to pump my still-hard cock again as it nestled against her lower back.

All at once, Lindsey was ready to fuck. There was no mistaking her urgency: she thrust her ass back against me, then reached down between her legs and grabbed my shaft, directing it forward and pulling me into position. She grabbed the top of the fence for support and then raised herself on tiptoe for more height. This allowed me to rub along between her slick pussy lips, gathering lubrication and making it easy to plunge myself inside her in one long stroke, wringing a guttural moan from her lips.

“Oh...fuck! That’s what I want!” she said passionately. “Fuck me with your big cock, Steve!”

“Anything you say, Linds!” I said in reply. 

Matching actions to words, I grabbed her hips and fucked her with long, steady thrusts, pulling all the way out of her and driving myself back in without stopping. My lips went back to her neck and I kissed both sides, then all along her shoulders. She let her head fall forward in a slump of pleasure. This arched her back a little bit more and pushed us even more firmly together.

Lindsey once again groaned happily, and I could feel her arm moving at her side. Looking down, I saw that she was playing with her clit now, keeping pace with my thrusts. I let go of her hips and moved my hands to help, alternating them between roughly playing with her breasts and nipples and putting pressure just above her mound.

This combination had its intended effect, and very soon she was panting heavily as her orgasm approached. In time with the motion of our conjoined bodies, I heard her softly muttering “yesss...” after each exhalation. The chorus of “yesss...” began to come closer together, and I increased my pace to match, knowing that she was close and I was close as well. I began to breathe shallowly through my mouth, determined to hold off long enough to let her come.

“Oh, fuck, Steve...I’m soooo close!” she moaned.

“Do it, Linds...cum for me...I want to make you cum...then I can cum inside you...and fill you up!”

The horny words, the pummeling of my cock in her pussy, her fingers whirling around her clit, and my strong hands taking charge of her breasts and body pushed her over the edge in a flash. Holding tight to the fence, her body slammed back against mine as her pussy pulsed wildly and her shoulders shook. The sudden tightness was all I needed as well, and I pushed hard into her, lifting her up impaled on my cock as it started to pump stream after stream of sperm against her cervix. I pinned her in place with my arms and held us both upright while her body spasmed and I emptied myself inside her.

It wasn’t until her overtaxed leg began to shake that I let her go. My deflating cock slipped out of her pussy at last, and I turned her toward me, gathering her petite frame in a milder embrace. Our lips came together again like lovers this time, less urgent but more heartfelt. She rested her head on my chest then, and I turned so the water washed over both of us equally. My eyes passed over her head, over the fence, and out into the moonlit forest, unconsciously looking for the deer I had seen before, but it was gone.

“God,” she murmured against my chest. “God, that was fucking amazing!”

“Mmmm,” I replied intelligently. “Still jealous?”

“Nope!” she said, looking up at me happily once more. “I think Sammy and I are even now!”

“I think I owe you another thank-you present,” I told her with a smile.

She chuckled, then said “I’ll take another beer for now!” and reached up to kiss me once more.

When Jim and Bill and their wives came back, I was sitting on the deck again, finishing the beer Lindsey had brought to me in the shower an hour before. They said goodnight and left me there to enjoy the moonlight on the lake. I smiled contentedly in the darkness as my mind replayed the staggering good fortune the day had delivered.
