 It's was a normal Monday night in December at the shop. Lindsayy and I were trying to finish some stuff up at 7 that way we'd be out the door right at 8. The shop phone rings and it's a guy who has some rentals to pick up, he said he'd be here a little after 8 and asked if we would stay. Since they were already paid for we had to stay. I told Lindsayy that I'd have to stay til after 8 to wait for this guy.

She said "I'll stay too, I don't have anything else to do and my room mate is out of town so I don't need to be home anytime."

"That works for me."

Now I have to say that over the year I've worked with Lindsayy I have had the biggest crush on her. She is 5 foot tall and 130 pounds, 18 years old, with C cup tits, shoulder length brown hair with blonde highlights...she is beauty personified. I would flirt with her, gave her a nick name she was so stoked for, "lil mama" and whenever she had a problem with one of her friends or her boyfriend she would always come to me and get my opinion. We bonded the first season together that she started referring to me as her best friend and to her parents as "Smart Ass" because of my tendencies to make smart ass comments after nearly everything she said. Around March we would text each other, whenever she had a problem or if she was just bored. Sometimes I'd say something that her boyfriend would get pissed at, and she would reassure him that I was just joking and most of the time I was and sometimes I wasn't but she didn't know. 

As the March rolled on, she broke up with her boyfriend and with all the shit that follows break up she needed someone to go to let out some of her emotions and I was there for her. She reminded me a little bit of myself when I was her age, out going, wanting to have a lot of fun and always put on a smile even when she was dying on the inside. About a week after there break up, she and I would flirt with each other a little more then we had before, and when we texted each other, we always go one step farther with everything we'd say.

As April came, I didn't need her to work at the shop because of it being what we call "dead season", so since we couldn't see each other we'd text each other constantly. Flirting and such, just enjoying being able to talk to each other. Then I started saying sexual things to see what her reaction would be and to my surprise she come back with one of her own. From that moment on I no longer just had a crush on her, I was in love with her. To my surprise she told me that she had a crush on me dating back to January and was afraid of saying anything because of her boyfriend, but now was very open to it.

She came in a couple times just to hang out and we'd flirt back and forth but didn't do anything. I felt like I was in high school again, with the akwardness of wanting to make a move but not wanting to make her feel uncomfortable. One time she came in with 2 of her friends that wanted to meet her best friend. I had no issue with that because I got to see her. One of her friends was her ex-boyfriend's sister, and thats when I knew I had to try and play cool. As the hour rolled on with that afternoon we flirted back and forth and I tried to be all sly and incognito by rubbing her leg and rubbing her shoulders trying to make sure her friends didn't notice, which of course they did. As they were leaving her friends walked out the door and she hung behind and we made small talk and she said I'd better make my move so I grabbed her by her shoulders and started walking her to the back of the shop and right we got to the doorway her friends walk in and said they needed to go. Lindsayy said she needed to get something from me and we walked through the back door and she leaned in and kissed me. We kissed a couple of times before she turned and walked out with her friends. It was the best kiss I have had in over 5 years no lie.

We never did anything after that. We would talk about making out and having sex , but never did anything else. She dated guys during the summer but we always talked to each other whenever we needed someone to talk to and stayed best friends.

As the fall and winter came along things stayed the same, flirt back and forth hugging each other but nothing more until that night.

We went into the back of the shop and we were talking about her boyfriend and how he was such a dick to her and I told her that she needed to be with a guy that treated her like the princess she is.

"I know a guy, who always treats me good, he's always there for me and I know he still likes me" she said.

"Who that?" that I asked.

"You" she said as she leaned in and kissed me.

We kissed for what seemed like an eternity but might have been only 5 minutes. Our hands roaming over each others body. I slid my hands under her shirt and began rubbing her back as she moaned into my mouth. She ran her hands around my waist, when the front door opened. It was the guy who said he wasn't gonna make til after 8, it was only 7:30. He grabbed his stuff and left.

As he left, I looked at Lindsayy and said "well I guess you don't need to stay late for anything anymore."

"No, I think I still need to get some stuff done" she said as she pulled me to her and our lips met again.

I ran my hands down her back to her ass and squeezed it, then I lifted her up off the ground and place her on the bench and began to run my hands all over her body. Starting with her hair down to her back, around her sides and up to her tits. I rubbed her nipples through her bra and felt them get so hard as she was moaning into my mouth.

I broke the kiss long enough pull her shirt off and leaned down started kissing her neck. I reached around her back an unclasped her bra and pulled it off. I ran my hands over to her tits and gently squeezed them and played with nipples running them through my fingers. I kissed my way down to her chest and kissed around her tits, running my tongue along her nipples before sucking one into my mouth as she let out a low moan "oh god".

I sucked on her nipples some more as I ran my right hand down between her legs and rubbed her pussy through her jeans. She leaned her head back and kept moaning as I worked the button and zipper of her jeans and open them up and slid my hand into her panties and rubbed her pussy as she moaned louder.

I stopped rubbing her just to lift her up enough to pull her and jeans and panties off. I kissed down her body and when I got to her pussy, it was freshly shaved bare and smelled so good. I kissed around her pussy, licking around her lips. I parted her lips with my tongue and flicked her clit which caused her to shake. I flicked her clit a couple of times and then drove my tongue inside her pussy caused her to push her pussy into my face. As I continued my assault on her pussy I began to flick her clit with finger causing to start moaning louder than before and even bringing her to say my name, "oh fuck Don."

I felt her wrap her legs around my head clinching her pussy against my mouth as I tongue fucked her when suddenly she screamed.

"OH FUCK I'M CUMMING!!!"

She bucked her hips wildly with my tongue still sliding all over her pussy covering my face with her cum.

She finally came down from her orgasm and pulled me up to her kissed me passionately, our tongues pressing and sliding against each other as she wrapped her arms around me.

I broke the kiss "I take it you liked that" I said with a sly smile on my face.

"Oh my god, you have no idea how long I've wanted you to do that."

"Oh yeah, what else have you wanted me to do to you?"

She moved her hand down to my cock rubbing it through my jeans, "I wanted you to stick this in my mouth and in my pussy."

She dropped to the floor as I pulled off my shirt and she unzipped my jeans and pulled them down with my boxers. She grabbed my cock and gave it a nice long stroke with her hand.

She looked up at me and said "how long have you wanted me to do this?"

"Too long baby!"

With that said she opened her mouth and slid my cock halfway in, licking it as she did. She grabbed my ass and pulled me into her, pushing my cock into her mouth until I felt the back of her throat. She held me there for a few seconds, my cock buried in her mouth as I felt her slide her tongue out of her mouth and lick my balls. I nearly came right there feeling that!

"Oh shit baby...oh fuck!"

She released my cock from her mouth and looked at me "you like huh?"

"Holy fuck, that was awesome!"

"Then come here and fuck my mouth!"

I grabbed the back of her head pushed my cock back in her mouth, pushing my cock all the way to the back of her throat. I slowly pulled my cock out to the tip and slowly pushing it back in for a few strokes. I looked down and saw she was rubbing her pussy which got me so hot I began fucking her mouth with reckless abandon. Jamming my cock in and out of her mouth like I have never done before as she quicken her rubbing of her pussy.

"Jesus, Lindsayy I love fucking your mouth."

She pushed my cock out of her mouth and looked at me, "cum in it."

"What?"

"I want you to cum in my mouth."

She opened her mouth and pushed all the way back in and began fucking her mouth again. Sliding faster and faster in and out of her mouth. She was now sliding her fingers in her pussy with her right hand and she started rubbing my balls with her left. This caused me to drive harder into her mouth.

I felt my balls begin to tighten as I was fucking her mouth and I knew it was coming.

"Oh fuck Linds, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum in your mouth! OH FUCK BABY OH FUCK!"

I shot stream after stream of my hot cum into her mouth and she swallowed it all up. She pushed my cock out of her mouth, started stroking it and said "I told you before I have skills" with a evil grin on her face.

She stood up and looked at the clock and it read 8:15. "Good thing I don't have to be home anytime soon".

"Oh yeah, why is that?"

"Because I still want to fuck you!"

"Who says I want to fuck you?"

"The fact that you're still hard kinda gives it away."

" Well I guess we can make that work then."

"Then fuck me already!"

With that I picked her back up put on the the bench and put my cock at the entrance of her pussy and slid up and down her clit.

"Don't tease me baby, put your cock in me."

I slowly pushed my cock into her super tight pussy. It was so tight, I felt it grip my cock like a vise. I continued pushing into her until I was buried inside of her.

I pulled out halfway and slid back in. I did that for a few strokes when she looked at me and said "fuck me baby, fuck me hard!"

With that I began to slide my cock in and out of her pussy with long fast strokes. I put her legs on my shoulders and drove hard into her pussy slamming my balls against her ass as she begins to moan.

"Oh fuck yeah baby, fuck me, give me your cock!"

I continued like that for a few minutes, reaching my hands down grabbing and slapping her ass as I fucked her. Then out of nowhere I remember her saying in one of our conversation from the spring that she liked having her ass fucked. So with that in mind I began running my finger along her asshole as I continued driving into her tight pussy. Then I pushed the tip of my finger into her asshole and she moaned louder. I kept fucking her while pushing more and more of my finger in until it was more then halfway in her ass.

I pulled my cock halfway out of her pussy and said "do you want feel my cock in your ass?"

"Stick it in baby, fuck my ass!"

I pulled my finger out of her ass and then pulled the rest of cock from her vise like pussy. I placed the head of my pussy soaked cock against her asshole and pushed in, slowly getting past the head and then down to the middle of my cock and then til I was all the way inside of her ass as she moaned. I stopped there and looked at her, "you ready for it baby?'

"Fuck my ass baby!"

That was all I needed to hear as I began to jam my cock in and out of her ass. Feeling her ass giving my cock a death grip. I slid all the way out to the tip and slammed back inside of her and she screamed "OH FUCK!"

"You like my cock in your ass Lindsayy?"

"Fuck yeah baby!"

"You gonna cum with my cock in your ass?"

"Oh yeah, I'm almost there baby."

I continued fucking her ass with reckless abandon as I began to play with her pussy, sliding my thumb in and out of her pussy as I fucked her ass. Then I felt her body begin to tense up.

"Oh Don I'm gonna cum, oh fuck I'm GONNA CUM....AAAHHHHH!"

I slammed into her 5 more times before slowing down to just short slow thrusts.

"Oh my god, that was so fucking good. Nobody has ever fucked me like that."

"Do you want more?"

"Yeah, but pull out first."

I pulled my cock out of her ass and she got down from the bench onto the floor sucked my cock into her mouth take me all the way back into her throat.

"Oh fuck Linds!"

She released my cock from her mouth "lets get this back in my pussy" she said as she pushed me to the ground and climbed on top of me.

She grinded my cock for a minute before letting it slide into her pussy. Once I was buried inside of her, she sat up and began to ride me, grinding her pussy all over my cock. I sat up and wrapped my arms around her and started pulling her down onto me forcing my cock farther into her.

"Oh yeah baby you like my pussy?"

"You know I do. I love having my cock in your pussy."

I bent my head and found one of her nipples and sucked on it causing her to buck wildly as she was riding up and down on me. I felt her pussy started to get tighter as she rode, I knew that she was about to cum again.

"You gonna cum again baby?"

"Fuck yeah!"

"Cum for me Lindsayy, cum all over my cock baby."

"Oh fuck baby, I'm cumming for you...oh fuck Don, I'M CUMMING...AAAHHHH!"

I continued pushing my cock up into her pussy until she wrapped her arms around me. She came so hard, drenching my cock with her cum. Her pussy became so tight after her third orgasm. I nearly lost it right there as we both fell back to the floor.

"Oh fuck baby, I love your cock. It feels so good inside of me."

"I love having my cock in your pussy baby, I love it so much."

She stayed laying on top of me just riding her pussy up and down my cock. It was so tight. I knew I was gonna cum real soon with her doing that.

"Oh fuck baby that feels so good! You're gonna make cum doing that!"

"Good, I want you to cum!"

"I'm not wearing a condom baby , I don't want to get you pregnant."

"I know its ok, just tell me when and I'll move."

She stayed right on top move just moving her vise like pussy up and down my cock faster and faster. We started kissing as grinded up and down on me and then I felt my balls start to tighten up.

"Oh fuck Lindsayy I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum baby!"

She kept on grinding up and down on me.

"Lindsayy I'm gonna cum!"

"Cum baby cum in me!"

"OH FUCK LINDSAYY I'M CUMMING!

I shot stream after stream of hot cum inside her pussy.

"Oh yeah baby cum in my pussy!"

She slowly rode up and down my cock, as my cum was dripping out of her.

"That feels so good to have you cum in me, I wanted that for so long."

"Oh god Lindsayy, I wanted to do that for so long too."

We kissed for a minute and she then told me, "just so you know, I'm on the pill so you don't have to worry about that."

A smile came on my face, "thats fine, although, I liked thinking of knocking you up. It gets me so fucking hard thinking about it."

"Well maybe one day if you're lucky, I just might let you knock me up." she said with her evil smile on her face.

I kissed her and said "well I guess I better hope I get lucky then huh?"

"Oh you'll get lucky just not tonight" she said as we kissed again.

I broke the kiss and looked at the clock and saw that it was 10:00.

"Well I guess we better go home" I said.

She stood up and started getting her clothes on, "yeah probably should."

"So I'll see you tomorrow?"

"Oh yes you will" as she leaned in and kissed me one more time.