 "Oh, one last thing Ms. Muse, you must wear lingerie at all times as the uniform. This is ok with you right?" Mr. Agstan's news shocked me. I never thought applying for a secretary position would make me feel so embarrassed. "Is that a problem?"

"Ah, uh no it's not," I said automatically. I have no idea why I said it at the time but was just saying what he wanted to hear so I could get a job. I was applying to a lingerie designer's office so I guessed this must be normal. 

"Great, so are you available to start tomorrow?" He asked me. 

"Oh, uh y-yes of course!" I stuttered. I was shocked that I could start so soon. 

The next day I checked myself out in the mirror before heading out to work. My brunette hair was curled and reached to my chest. My glasses laid crooked, as they usually did, shielding my bright brown eyes. I wore a shiny pink nightgown that had black lace lining the top of it, where the straps met the gown, and the bottom of it. My tanned legs were exposed from my mid-thigh down only interrupted by the strappy black stilettos I wore. I thought I looked pretty good so I put on my trench coat and went to work. 

When I walked in Mr. Agstan was waiting for me. He started to list off some of the duties of his secretary as we walked then told me he would show me most of it later. We stopped walking and he turned around. 

"This is your desk," he indicated behind him. I peered around the 6' 2" man to see a clean mahogany desk complete with it's own lamp, phone, and computer. Behind it was a coat rack and filing cabinets. "As you will be dealing with most of my clients for me, selling the products, or setting up meetings for my larger clients such as businesses you will need to keep files on each transaction you make. Hence the file cabinets. The computer's printer is accessed by opening this cupboard her-" he stopped himself. "You know the temperature is quite nice in the office. You could take off your coat."

To be honest I was nervous to do so at the time, but I slowly took off my coat to reveal my lingerie. I hung my coat up on the rack and turned back. 

"Ms. Muse, is this your lingerie?" He asked looking me up and down. 

"Y-yes sir," I replied. "And you can c-call me D-Desirea. Sir."

"Ok Desirea, are you nervous? Embarrassed?"

"Sir, I'm a l-little of b-both."

"Ok, well Desirea, I can assure you there is no need to be nervous, I'm sure you will do just fine. I chose you out of about fifty applicants and I trust you will do well. As for your embarrassment, I am sorry but this something you have to get used to. It you are not comfortable let me know I will find someone else."

"N-no sir! I'm fine I can do the job!" I said startled. I needed the money he was paying for this position. 

"Ok, one final thing. I do expect you to strip down and try on different lingerie. Right here at this desk. All the lingerie made will be done so by myself or consultants that like to present their ideas to me for my branding. Either way they will be made for your dimensions so once we are done with them you may keep them. Is this ok with you?"

I had an internal freak out. I was hired as a secretary not a model! A lingerie model at that. I liked that I could keep them but I would have to strip naked in front of clients and Mr. Agstan. 

"Would I be expected to be touched?" I asked him with a small quiver in my voice.

"I do not expect any such thing from you. If you would like to be then it is your decision so long as you can complete your work," he explained. "If any of my clients touch you in a way you deem inappropriate then I will have them leave my office. This is a safe place Ms. Mu- Desirea." 

I thought about it a minute longer and finally concluded, "Yes, I'm fine with that."

"Very good Desirea," he said with a sigh of relief. "Most competent women I hire run away after hearing that. I'm glad I could keep you around. However, I don't have time to waste on talk. I need to make sure you can actually perform." He handed me a hanger covered in a garment bag. 

I unzipped the bag to find a bra and panty set. They were made mostly of black lace with blue fabric in certain parts. I looked towards Mr. Agstan and he nodded. I started to strip down in front of him. My nightgown came off first. I let the gown slip off my shoulders and it fell to the floor. I undid my solid black bra to let my C tits free and it joined the nightgown. Finally I slid my black panties down. He could see everything. From my bare shoulders and tight tummy to my tits and shaved pussy. I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little wet at this point. Looking back on it I think he must've known. I dressed in the set he gave me. He brought a full body mirror out of his office and stood it up near the wall next to my desk. I took a look and saw how good I looked! The bra was mostly black lace with a aquamarine wire. The lace covered the outside of my tits and barely my nipples and connected together at the top of my chest leaving my cleavage and about half my tits exposed. There were black straps holding the bra up. The panties were again mostly black lace with only the part covering my mound and crotch being aquamarine fabric. The black lace ran over the fabric as well. The panties hugged my hips and went around to cover about half of my ass, though the lace made it see through anyways. It almost seemed too perfect that my heels also matched the outfit.

"Simply sexy," Mr. Agstan said as he came up behind me and put his hands on my shoulders. It sent a excited shiver up my spine. He must have felt it because he let go quickly.

"How did you know my size?" I asked him.

"It's what I do for a living. I can easily tell the dimensions of anyone simply by looking at them."

"I get to keep this?" I questioned him.

"After I use it as a model to make copies, yes. You see I make the product before drawing it out. It tends to be easi-" he was cut off by me hugging him. 

"Thank you sir," I replied. He hugged back and another shiver ran across me. He pulled away still holding me. We looked into each others eyes and slowly leaned in. We kissed and his hand ran down my back making me shiver again. Our kiss turned lustful and my tongue started to dance with his. I began to untuck his shirt and he stopped me, parting our lips in the process. 

"I don't usually make it a habit to fuck my secretaries," he told me firmly. 

"Oh, sir, I think you'll have to make an exception for me," I told him as I continued to untuck his shirt. Our lips met again and we continued where we left off. After his shirt came off I knelt down and unbuckled his pants. I undid his button and zipper and slid his pants down with his boxers. His cock sprung out showing it matched with his tall size. It was a good 9 inches and very thick. I kissed the tip and down to the base then licked my way back up. I took his tip into my mouth and sucked on it for a bit, feeling the veins of his shaft on my tongue. He started to push more and more of his cock in my mouth. Eventually it was hitting the back of my throat about half way down. I moved my hand up and started to fondle his balls. His soft inhaling turned into moans. 

"Hey, Desirea," he gasped out. I pulled him out of my mouth and looked sweetly at him as I continued to fondle him. "Do you think you could take all of me?" 

"I can do whatever you like sir," I told him as my mouth moved back toward his cock. He put his hand on the back of my head. I opened my mouth wide and stuck my tongue out. He rammed his dick all the way into my mouth causing me to gag and cough. Despite that he continued to use my head as his personal toy, ramming all 9 inches down my throat. He stopped to let me breathe once in awhile. After a few more time of this happening I managed to relax my throat so it didn't hurt so much then I was able to concentrate on moving my tongue across his balls as my throat was filled with his cock. 

He picked me up by my shoulders and looked at me with predatory eyes as I gasped for air. "So, sir," I said between breaths, "I like to be used. You like to be rough. What's next?" He answered by picking me up and practically throwing me onto my desk. He managed to rip off my panties and didn't hesitate to ram his cock directly into my soaked pussy. My eyes widened and I let out a deep moan. He fucked me with force and rhythm. His cock penetrating my walls with ease because my juices flowed all over both our crotches. It didn't take long until I felt a build up in my tummy that was about to release.

"Sir- I'm going to.. Ah ah cUUUUUUMM!" I screamed as I squirted all over his cock. He gave me no rest as he continued to pump his cock as my body twitched against his. When my orgasm was done he pulled aside one of the straps covering my tits and took my nipple in his mouth. He sucked and nibbled on it sending shivers down my spine and helping to cause another orgasm. My juices were pooling underneath me. His hard cock was merciless, continuing at the same rhythm, all the little electric signals originated from his thrusts. 

After the third orgasm I sprayed on the both of us, he pulled himself out. He stood me up then turned me around. I bent over and wiggled my ass at him. I then felt a sharp pain across my ass where his hand landed. I let out a whimper. I felt his hand hit my other cheek and the sound resonated through the room. As he kept going my small whimpers turned into loud moans, the pain turning into pleasure.

"Sir please, your cock," I begged.

"What about it?" He teased as his hand struck again.

"AAHH...ha...ha.. I need it. Please. I need your cock," I begged again. "My pussy is aching for you."

"Are you begging? I'll stick my cock back in if you tell me you'll be my slut. When I want you. How I want you."

"I'll be your whore, when- AHHH..." I felt his hand smack my ass again. 

"Slut." he whispered in my ear.

"I'll be your slut, whenever you want me. However you want me." My juices were dripping from my pussy. I just wanted him whatever it took. He grabbed ahold of my hips, lined the head of his cock up, and rammed into me with just as much force as before. My knees weakened and it became hard to stand, especially in my heels. He thrusted into me with the same rhythm as before but it felt deeper. My arms gave out and my body hit the desk, my face sitting in my juices from earlier. He reached around and grabbed my swinging tit that was left out from his fondling earlier. He pounded away still with my tit firmly grasped in his hand, his palm pinching my nipple. He grabbed my hair with his other hand and pulled on it to give him leverage. This made his thrusts harder. It felt like lightning coming from his cock as almost every thrust sent me into an orgasm. One after another after another, small orgasms, not as big as the first but he never let up to give me time to rest. Finally, out of nowhere he pulled back until his tip was just barely in me and then rammed in as fast and hard as he could. His cock stayed there as I had the biggest orgasm let loose. 

My juices sprayed down both our legs, his cock and balls, and onto the floor. He pulled out after several seconds of me convulsing. My legs gave and I slid down to my knees leaning on the desk for support. I looked at him and he was jacking off above me, his fist pounding furiously at the swollen flesh cover in my juices. I shuffled a little closer to him and opened my mouth as my tongue stuck out. He rammed it back down my throat and I moved my mouth back and forth. I felt his tip moving and swelling in the back of my mouth. His veins more prominent than before. The taste of my juices were sweet on him. I didn't get to enjoy it long before he pulled on my hair causing me to release his cock. He pounded at it again and I just left my mouth open. He sprayed his cum on my face, strands landed in my hair, and some got into my mouth. I swallowed it and he put his cock to mouth and told me to clean it. I lap up every drop of cum from him and me on his cock as it started to deflate. 

So that's how I became the boss' personal slut. Now sir would you like to fuck me before or after you see him?