 I'd been away on a business trip and was arriving home a couple of days early. It was evening when I pulled into my driveway. I noticed that there were a number of cars parked in the street outside my place and the visitor's car spots were occupied. Someone was having a party.

From the noise coming from my unit, it appears that I was. I let myself in quietly. I assumed that my daughter had some friends over for a get-together. I had no objections. She has her head screwed on and won't go overboard. The chances were that if I'd come home when expected that I'd never have noticed a party had taken place.

Figuring a man in his late thirties would be somewhat out of place among a bunch of young men and women with an average age of twenty, I decided to just slide quietly past and retire to my room. I was glad I didn't make a big entrance. There were a bunch of young ladies in the front room, but no men that I noticed. Apparently it was a girls only night, and that would really have left me there as a party pooper.

I slipped into my room, closed the door behind me, and relaxed on the bed with a book. I didn't really notice it at the time, but when I entered the room my light was on. If I'd thought about it at all I'd have assumed that Sally had been in for some reason and left the light on.

I'd only read a few pages when the door opened and this woman walked in. She was blonde, probably in her middle twenties, nice face, very shapely. She also had excellent taste in lingerie. I could say this without fear of contradiction as that was all she was wearing. A matched bra and panties set. Very nice to observe.

I can also say that she was a natural blonde. I was able to note this because the first thing the young woman did, even while the door was swinging closed, was to whip off those very attractive panties, revealing a very fine line of blonde fur pointing the way to her treasures. 

She didn't stop at the panties either. She was reaching behind her for the bra almost before the panties were off, and she was naked in less time than it takes to describe it. Oh, she had very nice breasts. That decorative lacy bra was worn purely for decoration. Those lovely globes were quite able to support their own weight. Not that I wouldn't have minded giving a helping hand to hold them up.

So here I am, lying on my bed and here's this lovely nude blonde who finally notices me. She turned bright red and tried to cover herself, mouth open, but no words coming out.

"Hi," I said. "I'm Peter Smithers. Sally's father. Don't mind me."

That broke the tension. She gave a horrified gasp and grabbed some things out of a case. I hadn't even noticed it sitting on the dresser. She put on some new undies with lightning speed, gabbling all the while.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry. Sally told me to use this room. She said you were away. She's holding a lingerie party. I'm Natalie, the hostess, and I model all the things. I've got to go. They'll be waiting."

With that she shot through and I smiled and went back to reading. About five minutes later she returned, this time knocking before she entered.

"Ah, I have to change into the next set of things," Natalie said. "Do you have another room where I can get changed?"

"Why bother?" I said with a shrug. "I've already seen you naked. I didn't pounce then so I'm unlikely to pounce now. Just go ahead and change. I promise not to look."

Natalie gave me a highly dubious look while I looked at my book. Then she turned her back to me and started her quick change act. She flung a glance over her shoulder at me and glared when she saw I was watching her.

"You said you weren't going to look," she pointed out.

"I lied," I told her. "Men do that when there's a pretty woman around. If it's any consolation, I wasn't looking at your pretty little tush. There was much more interesting scenery in the mirror." 

Belatedly realising that she had been changing facing a large mirror, Natalie blushed again, and then left with undignified haste.

On her third trip Natalie was icily polite.

"I'm afraid I really have to ask you to arrange another room for me to use. I'm not changing in front of you again."

"Actually, I think you have every intention of doing so," I said calmly. "If you weren't finding it exciting to be changing in front of a strange man you would have arranged for a change of room with Sally after the first incident."

She gave me a furious look but didn't say anything. Instead she just swapped into the next demo model without arguing. 

For about the next hour I was treated to a lovely young thing changing her undies every few minutes. She had quite a variety, and they all looked good on her. I hoped that Sally wasn't spending too much of my money on this stuff.

Finally she came in for what was to be the last time.

"Done," she said. "Now I'll be getting dressed and hopefully I'll never see you again."

While she was making that catty little comment she'd been stripping of the last of her demonstration models. 

"Before you get dressed, come here for a moment," I told her.

"Why should I?" she asked, suspicion just oozing from her voice. 

"Because I'm asking you politely," I said reasonably.

Still suspicious she came closer.

"What?" 

In answer I just stretched over and cupped her mound, a finger dipping quickly in and out. Natalie gave a squeak.

"What do you think you're doing?" she hissed at me.

"Just checking," I said blandly. "I could tell by the way your nipple were standing erect that you found your little exhibitionist stunt stimulating. I just wanted to see if it had made you nice and wet as well."

"You had no right. Touch me again and I'll scream."

I just laughed and watched as she scrambled into her clothes. I was especially interested in her choice of undies. The thong she had was nothing more than a few bits of string. A very nice bit of decoration.

"And I wasn't wet," I heard her mutter.

"Yes, you were," I muttered back. "Not enough to stain the models, but heading that way."

She gave me another furious look and headed back to the party, presumably to close deals and earn her commissions. She would be back though. She had to collect her sample bag before she left. And I just knew she wasn't going to delegate that job to Sally. 

Ten minutes later I changed my mind. I was bored, waiting. I'd heard the front door close a couple of times so the party was probably winding up. I strolled out of my room and into the front room.

Sally was surprised to see me. I explained that I'd finished my trip a little early.

"Having a party," I observed.

Sally flashed a grin at me.

"We had a lingerie party. I bought a heap of stuff."

Her eyes flashed over to an invoice lying on the table and then away again. I reached for it and looked at it. Hard. Ye, gods. How can so little cost so much? I threw a pointed look at Sally, which she blandly ignored.

Then Natalie came up to speak to Sally, giving a small start when she found me there. Sally introduced us.

"This is Natalie, dad. She's the lingerie rep. You should have been here earlier. You'd have enjoyed the show."

Both Natalie and I gave her a look for that crack but she was unrepentant. Deciding to ignore the last comment, I politely acknowledged the introduction. Natalie politely shook hands, although she did accidentally dig her nails in. Rather hard, too.

I stood back and had a cup of coffee while Sally and Natalie ran around, winding up details. Eventually Natalie started the 'I must be going' stuff, and I moved into action.

"Why don't I see Natalie out," I suggested to Sally. "You keep talking to your friends."

The touch of fingers to her arm and I was escorting Natalie out of the room.

"You'll be wanting your things of course," I casually observed, heading towards my room. 

"What are you playing at?" demanded Natalie as soon as we were in my room.

"What on earth makes you think I'm up to something?" I asked, closing the door.

She was still looking suspicious as I strolled over to her. Without any warning I lifted the front of her dress, hooked a finger under her pretence of a pair of panties and moved them to one side, leaving her mound now fully exposed.

Natalie swatted at my hand and pushed her dress down into place.

"You can cut that sort of thing out," she snapped. "If you think I'm taking off my clothes, forget it. I don't sleep around. Especially with customers."

"That's fine. Some minor points. I'm not a customer, although I probably will wind up having to pay Sally's bill. I'm not really tired and have no need to sleep just yet. Finally, you had a lot of fun earlier, teasing me and letting me see you naked and I very politely refrained from ravishing you. 

Now I'm wondering if you've ever been ravished while still wearing all your clothes. I thought we could have some fun finding out what it's like."

She caught on fast. She could hardly fail to. She was still fully dressed, but her thong was no longer quite covering what it should. She was shaking her head before I'd even finished talking."

"Oh, no," she protested. "Not going to happen. No way."

"Yes, way," I said, smiling. "Turn around and lean over the bed."

"Oh, come on. Be reasonable. Do you really think I'm going to turn around and bend over just because you tell me to?"

I gave the question some consideration, then nodded.

"Yes."

Natalie just glared at me, breathing hard. Her nipples, I saw, were pressing firmly against her blouse.

"Have you ever been ravished while fully dressed," I asked.

She just shook her head.

"Would you rather get undressed?"

Another shake of the head.

I twirled a finger, indicating she should turn around, wondering what would happen. She gave me another furious look and spun round, planting her hands on the bed.

So things were progressing. She could just have easily grabbed her things and left, and we both knew it. I wondered who she was maddest at, me or herself. I moved up behind her, unzipping as I came.

I lifted her dress slightly, tucking the hem into the waistband of her thong. It might as well be good for something. My hand slid slowly over her mound, squeezing softly once I had covered it. Slipping a finger inside I found she was a lot wetter than earlier. I'd been right about all that flashing turning her on.

Easing between her lips I slowly entered her, pushing forward until I was fully inside her. Reaching around her I cupped her breasts, squeezing them through her clothes. I held her like that waiting.

Natalie waited, occasionally squirming restlessly. 

"Well?" she finally asked, her exasperation plain.

"Are you in any great hurry?" I asked.

"Then just relax," I continued, when she shook her head.

I still just stood there. While I wasn't actively moving within her, little tremors obviously travelled between us. Just the act of breathing created subtle movements, and these were reflected in the way we touched each other.

Natalie's breathing was getting deeper, and it had a ragged edge to it. She was squirming slightly, now, not knowing what to do. I'm not sure how long we just stood there, but the entire time my cock was in her, tantalising her. When I finally gave a gentle prod it was too much. Natalie climaxed, a hand to her mouth to stop herself screaming.

It wasn't a very intense climax, but one she hadn't expected. Even as she was coming out of it I was starting to drive into her properly, and a great relief to me it was to be able to do so.

Natalie gave a heartfelt groan of relief when I first drove fiercely in, and then she was eagerly pushing back against me, welcoming my attack on her body.

There was no more playing it cute. I wanted this woman, I was taking her, and she was reciprocating, pushing eagerly back to meet me as I thrust into her. I mauled her breasts through her clothes, and that was probably my one regret about the whole thing, not having free access to those lovely globes.

I took her, and she took me with equal enthusiasm. I just simply ravished the sweet young body in front of me. I didn't need to give any special consideration to her needs. She was ravishing right back at me, using me as much as I was using her. She was panting eagerly as I took her, driving again and again into her yielding flesh, dominating her, and she loved it.

It seemed that out climaxes were coming far too quickly. I wanted to continue ravishing this woman for hours on end, but my balls couldn't stand it. They needed release and were letting me know it. Rather than have them messily explode, I increased my ravishment, driving in hard for a final run.

Natalie's earlier mini-climax had set the scene for her. When I crashed home and blessed her she went up in arms. This time she snatched up a pillow and clamped it to her face, but I could still hear her screaming into it, even as she milked me dry.

Afterwards I was genuinely escorting her out when Sally popped up. She seemed surprised that Natalie was still there.

"Oh we got to talking," I said casually.

"Nat wasn't giving you a private showing was she," Sally teased.

Natalie blushed but I was cool. 

"I can assure you," I said dryly, "that not a single item of clothing was removed."