 Ling (20 yrs.) is a Chinese American beauty (35-24-32) who stands in front of the hotel bathroom mirror. She admires her feline eyes and high cheek-bones. Her hands push the long, black hair onto her back. Both of her eyes look over her incredible body. All the way down to her thick, black pussy. 

It's Friday afternoon. The wresting tournament has begun inside the university gym. Ling sits in the bleachers who has been watching all the athletes. She likes Austen (19 yrs.) who stands at 5'8" who weighs 149 lbs. He competes for a visiting team. He's fast and strong, but his opponent accidentally elbows him in the face twice. Austen won the wrestling match after that opponent's disqualification. His eye starts to bleed as he walks off the mat. 

Inside the locker-room. Austen sits naked on the bench in front of his locker. His light brown hair is still wet after taking a shower. He holds a large ice-bag over his left eye. Coach Benson sits down next to him. 

Coach says, "Go back to the hotel room and lay down the rest of the weekend. You got your wrestling points." 

"Yeah, I think I will. That fucking bastard's been wanting to hit me, all season" Austen says while pressing the ice-bag against his eye. 

It's Friday afternoon inside Austen's Hotel room. He's laying back on the bed watching ESPN. The ice-bag is over his eye who is wearing only basketball trunks. 

Knock. Knock. Knock. Someone's at the door. 

Austen climbs off the bed holding the bag over his eye. He walks over to the door and opens it. 

Ling stands there wearing tight jeans and a t-shirt without a bra on. Her nipples can be seen clearly. His right eye looks down at her tits. 

She says, "Hi Austen. I'm Ling. How's your eye? That guy hit you deliberately." Her own eyes look down over his cut muscles. 

"I'm okay" he answers through his swollen lower lip. 

She smiles and tells him, "If you need anything. I'm in room 125." She quickly leans in and kisses him on the cheek. He watches her firm ass while she walks away. 

It's Friday night inside Ling's Hotel room. The big screen TV plays Austen's wrestling match from the past. The volume is turned down to a whisper. His iPhone is sitting next to that TV which lights up with messages. 

The lights are turned on. The nude bodies of Ling and Austen are on the bed. She is laying on her back with her long hair spread above the head. Both of her legs are lifted up into the air. The knees are bent and spread open. He's leaning over in-between those legs. Both of his hands are wrapped around her tiny waist. His 6-inch cock is buried inside her thick, black pussy. 

Austen looks down at his hard shaft while thrusting in and out quickly. Her tits jiggle after each push. 

He grunts like some kind of animal, "Uuh..Uuuh..Mmm..Uuuh..Mmm!" 

She glances at the bruises on his left eye and swollen lip. He smiles down at her heavy black crotch. 

"Uuh..Uuuh..Fuck.. Uuh..Fuck!" He says while drowning out her screams. 

Both of his hands still grip her waist as his brown crotch hits her black pussy. 

Austen keeps grunting, "Mmm.. Fuck.. Uuuh.. Uuh.. Fuck..Gonna Cum!" 

He pushes in one last time while looking down at his cock. He holds it inside and explodes, "Uuuuuuuuuhh.! G-God..! Uuuuuuhh.!" 

His cock pulls out and he leans back onto his knees. Both of his hands push her legs upward. He looks down at her hairy pussy. 

Austen breathes, "Fuck, you have a thick bush. Never seen anything like it." 

"Thanks. Kiss me" she says. 

He lets go of her legs and they drop open. He leans forward and they French-kiss, but he flinches because of his fat lower lip. 

"Ouch.! Sorry. My lip" he says. 

She says, "Your eye is bleeding a little too." 

Austen replies, "Shit, really?" He climbs off the bed and yanks off the condom. His legs stagger toward the bathroom. 

On Saturday morning. Austen is asleep under the bed covers. Ling is gone from her own room. 

Knock. Knock. Knock. Someone's at the door. 

Coach Benson yells, "Austen, it's me coach! Open up!" 

Austen wakes up quickly, "Coach? What the hell?" 

He throws the covers off his naked body and climbs out. His legs stagger toward the door and looks around. His eye looks through the peep-hole. Coach stands out there smiling. 

His hand grabs the knob and opens the door. 

"Coach, how'd you know I was in here?" Austen asks. 

Coach answers, "This fine-looking Asian chick, told me you were here, before she left the Hotel." 

Austen walks back into the room, "I wondered where she went." 

Coach follows him inside as Austen looks around for his underwear. He reaches down, grabs his boxer shorts and slips them on. His black eye is swollen and so is his lower lip. 

Coach asks, "How does your eye feel?" 

"It's throbbing, but not hurting" Austen answers. 

"How's little Austen this morning?" coach asks with a smile. 

Austen laughs, "Shit, he's happy coach."