 Saturday, It's always been my favorite day of the week. Not only because it's the end of the week, but also because it's your day off of work. All week I daydream of what we will do on Saturday, where we'll go, what we'll do, but my mind always wonders to our lovemaking. I'm always transported back to one of our many sessions. Your gentle, loving way of getting my motor running. The way your body feels pressed against mine. The smell of your skin. The soft way you touch me. The way your lips feel on my aroused nipples. Your fingers in my pussy. Your hard dick pressed against my thigh. 

I snap my self back into the present and concentrate on cutting the veggies in front of me, for dinner. I look up to see you standing in the doorway watching me, a half ass grin on your face. You seem lost in thought. You had just come in from mowing the lawn, your shirt off, your chest still a bit sweaty from the heat outside. 

"What are you thinking about?" I ask you as I giggle at your expression.

As if caught doing something naughty, you blink a couple of times and smile broadly. "I was just thinking how I'd love to get you on top of this here counter and show you just how much I've missed you all week," you tell me as you come up behind me and wrap your arms around my waist, giving me a gentle hug. I respond by leaning into you a little, tilting my head to the side, enjoying your closeness. Your one hand moves up to my full breast, while the other slides down to the hem of my skirt, and sliding back up on bare skin.

"Now how am I supposed to get dinner cooked with you distracting me like that?" I asked. I was only teasing, I really couldn't care less about the food when you touch me that way.

You quietly let out a frustrated sigh, surrendering, returning your hands to my waist. "Well, if you don't mind, I'm going to go take a shower before dinner." You kissed my cheek and attempted to step away. I quickly put down the knife and grab your hands.

"Well, if YOU don't mind, I think I'll join you. The veggies can wait." 

You answer my by kissing me deeply as you led me out of the kitchen.

Once in the bathroom, you set the shower to a hot steamy temperature, the way we both enjoy it. As we step into the large tub, you take my hand to help me in, smiling in your mischievous way. The water trickling down our shoulders in large and tiny droplets. You grab the loofa, soap it up and take me into your embrace, kissing me while you wash my back. I giggle as you keep the loofa in the palm of your hand while you extend your fingers and squeeze my ass playfully. We lather each other up, paying special attention to each others private areas, having fun, teasing each other. 

After we had both rinsed off, my hand still on your now hard cock, I admire the water running off of it. I look back up at you, my eyes glazing over with desire, and kneel down in front of you. Suddenly I'm so very thirsty! I let my tongue dart out and taste the water as it runs over your shaft and into my mouth. Hmmmm... what wonderful tasting water! My tongue licks the water dripping off of you, moving in a hungry motion down your shaft and to your sack. I just can't get enough! I close my eyes and just enjoy the warm wet water mixing with the feel of your cock, and I hear you moaning your approval of my ministrations. 

Not able to resist any longer, I take the whole of you into my mouth, feeling you at the very back of my throat, loving the way your hardness throbs between my lips. My head begins to move in a familiar motion, massaging you with my mouth. I've always loved sucking you. The way you moan and caress my face as I do so, always getting me so hot. My right hand reaches up and takes my breast, squeezing in time with the rhythm of my head, pinching my own nipple slightly, my left hand reaches down and my fingers find my little button, playing lightly. 

I look up at your face, the steam making you look like a heavenly god, smiling down at me. I think to myself how relaxed you look while enjoying my mouth. My tongue dances around the head of your cock each time I pull back and then swings side to side as I take all of you back into my mouth. You put your hand behind my head gently, just resting it there as I move up and down your shaft. 

My fingers on my clit moving faster, I bring myself to orgasm, loving the idea of cumming while sucking your dick, and sending vibrations through your cock as I moan in pleasure. 

Your dick becomes harder, and I know you're getting close. You start to move your hips to meet my mouth, totally lost in the moment, fucking my face. As I look up at you, I see your face and shoulders tense up slightly as you release your hot, liquid love deep into my throat. Your hands holding my head tightly onto your cock, your dick twitching as it explodes your happiness. 

My heart beating faster, I drink you, my tongue moving from the base of your cock to the head, in waves, massaging every drop out of your dick. I just love taking in your wonderful liquid. I love the way my lips become swollen from the friction, the feel of your cock relaxing on my tongue, and the way you hold my head close, lovingly, yet firmly. 

I stay there a few moments longer, just enjoying these sensations, and thinking how lucky I am to be right here, at this moment. My pussy still twitching from my own orgasm, just moments before yours. The corners of my lips curl up as I slowly slide you out from my lips, as you mouth the words "Thank you", lovingly looking into my eyes. I kiss the tip of your spent member once more, and stand up.

"Still hungry?" you ask. I giggle and nod yes, as we turn off the water and step out of the shower. "Me too," you tell me as you swiftly pick me up and carry me off to the bedroom, still soaking wet.