 A long rope of pre-cum oozed from the tip of Daniel's chub as he watched Lisa lying naked in the sun. He had not been this horny for a long time, but then it had been a long time since either he or Lisa had the opportunity to relax enough to be horny.

The last few months have been excruciatingly busy for both of them. Long days, long nights and long weekends at work. If one of them was working at home in the evening, the other stayed at the office, catching up there. Weekends were the same, one at home and one pulling a shift at the office. 

Finally, a month a go, they had seen the light at the end of the tunnel and had persuaded a friend to lend them his secluded cabin for a week. They were all packed on Thursday night, ready for an early get away Friday afternoon, when Daniel's boss called. An RFP had come in after hours on Thursday, and the company had to get it prepared for Monday morning. 

"Listen," Daniel said to Lisa, "We both really need this time away, but I've got to work on this RFP this weekend. Why don't you go up to the cottage without me? You can spend some quiet time, luxuriate in the bath, and catch up on some reading.

"I'll be finished by mid-morning on Monday, then I drive right up and we'll still have the rest of the week together. I'll stop off on the way and get a couple of really nice T-bones at the butcher's and a nice bottle of Bordeaux for our first evening together."

Lisa hesitantly agreed. She was not particularly enchanted by the thought of a weekend by herself, but she knew that this contract was very important to Daniel's company.

"If it has to be this way, then so be it," Lisa replied, "but don't let them keep you any longer than absolutely necessary."

"You can count on it."

Friday morning seemed to last forever to Lisa. Keeping her concentration on the mundane tasks that were left after the hectic last couple of months was nearly impossible. At noon, she said her goodbyes to her co-workers and drove home to pack the food in the car, everything else having been packed the night before. Then it was a two-hour drive to the cottage.

The sun was alone in the cerulean sky as Lisa put some classic rock tunes into the CD player and headed for the country. She got lost in the music and the purring of car on the highway, and before she knew it she was at the turn off. Another thirty minutes of slower, dusty and winding roads brought her to the cottage.

The cottage sat about a hundred feet above a semi-private lake. There were only a half dozen properties that were allowed to be developed on the lake, and the next closest of these was almost a thousand yards away on the far side of a forested spit. 

Trees were scattered down the hill leading to the shore, enough trees to provide a good deal of privacy, but not to diminish the view of the lake. A small dock held a fourteen-foot runabout and some fifty feet from shore was a raft. The shoreline consisted of mostly flat rocks, about three feet above the waterline, perfect for sunbathing.

It took about half an hour for Lisa to unpack the car and put away the food and clothes. She changed into her bikini, popped a beer and headed down to the lake. 

It WAS peaceful, though she already missed Daniel and could not help but think of him stuck back in the office. Finishing her beer, Lisa took a quick dip into the cool water of the lake. The sun was lowering in the sky as Lisa ascended the hill back to the cottage. 

The sun, the drive, the beer and the frenzied pace of the past couple of months hit her all of a sudden. She decided that a nice bath, after a light supper, and early to bed would suit her just fine. 

Lisa made herself a Greek salad and sat out on the deck to eat. The swallows came out as the sun began to set and Lisa enjoyed some time watching them dart through the trees chasing insects. As the sun finally disappeared below the horizon, she went back into the cottage for the evening.

Putting some Grover Washington, Jr. on the stereo and lighting some candles in the bathroom, Lisa drew herself a nice hot bath, adding just a touch of lavender oil to the water. Easing into the water with a glass of cool white wine, she could feel her tensions start to fade. She slid down into the bath, until the water was up to her neck, closed her eyes and started to think of Daniel. 

Almost two months, she thought, since we last really made love. Unconsciously, Lisa opened her legs as her hands moved down to her cunt. In small circular motions, she started to rub her swelling lips. Without thinking, she began to probe the folds of her cunt with one hand; her other hand slid up to her breast and started to squeeze her hard brown nipple. Her breathing quickened and her fingers probed faster and deeper into her hot wetness. 

The hand that had been manipulating her stiff nipple moved over to the other tit and pulled on that nipple. The fingers in her cunt slid out of her hole and began working on her now enlarged clit. As she was getting close to climax, Lisa stopped. 

"I really should wait for Daniel," she said out loud, "I really owe it to both of us."

With that, she got out of the tub, dried herself off and walked to the bedroom. The bath had loosened her up, and as she stretched out the last couple of kinks, she caught her reflection in the mirror on the dresser.

"Not bad," she murmured. 

Turning on the lamp on the dresser, Lisa started to take a more critical look at her body. At five feet seven inches, Lisa was a little taller than average, but not enough that she stood out in a crowd (unless she had heals on). Her breasts were nicely rounded, with a little bit of extra weight underneath that made her brown nipples stick up just a touch. A slender waist flared out to full, but not heavy, hips and she exhibited a bit of a belly, but not so much that she could not wear a slinky dress now and then with a lot of style. Firm thighs and nicely turned calves gave Lisa a great set of legs ("Long enough that that ended up making an ass of themselves," as Daniel would say).

At one time, her auburn hair had hung mid-way down her back, but a few years ago she had cut it so that it now just touched her shoulders. Lisa enjoyed making herself look good for Daniel, and she spent a great deal of time giving herself manicures and pedicures so that, now, she had nails some women would pay big money to get at a salon. Today both her finger and toenails were painted a deep, almost blood, red.

If the style of the hair on her head had not changed a lot in the past few years, the same could not be said for her pubic hair. Shortly after they had started going out, Daniel had suggested that Lisa shave her pussy. She was somewhat embarrassed by this at the time, but after the reaction she got the night Daniel came to bed and found her completely shaved, she had kept herself bald, until fairly recently that is. In the last year or so, Lisa had started to change her shave on a regular basis; one month would be the Brazilian, the next the Landing Strip and the next the Veefer. Currently, though, she had resorted back to a complete shave.

As she admired herself in the mirror, Lisa began to run her hands over her still excited body. Taking both her tits in her hands she started to slowly knead them. She ran her fingers over her taught nipples, then gently squeezed and pulled them, bringing them back to full hardness. She could feel her juices starting to flow and her hands automatically sought her cunt.

Standing with her legs a little more than shoulder width apart and still looking in the mirror, Lisa spread her cunt lips to reveal her clit. Keeping herself spread with one hand, she moistened the middle finger of the other hand and started to rub her clit. 

It wasn't long before she was moaning softly as she watched herself masturbate. Stopping for just a moment, she pulled the make-up bench from the recess in the dresser and put her foot up on it, while at the same time turning her knee outward, so she could better see her hot cunt. She slid a finger into her wet hole for more lubrication, then continued to work her clit. 

As her hips started to pump of their own accord, Lisa grabbed a tit again and pulled hard on her stiff nipple. With her cunt juices beginning to cover her thighs, she plunged two fingers deep inside herself. Faster and faster she smacked her fingers into her hot hole, the palm of her hand slapping against her clit, the sound of skin on skin echoing through the room. As she watched her fingers piston in and out of her cunt, she squeezed her nipple until it hurt then grabbed the other nipple and pulled it until it burned. 

With both hands again at her cunt, she spread herself as wide as she could and rubbed her clit. As she came, Lisa felt a squirt of liquid hit her thigh. Her breaths came in ragged gasps pushing out small mewling noises. Looking in the mirror, Lisa saw herself flush with passion, tits and cunt swollen, nipples and clit erect and hard.

This is what Daniel sees every time we make love; pretty impressive if I do say so myself, the thought snickered in her head.

Slowly calming down, Lisa put back the stool, turned out the light and slid into the bed. The sheets chafed her sensitive nipples.

As she lay drifting into sleep, she anticipated Daniel's arrival and thought about how they might spend their time during the coming week.

The following morning dawned bright and clear and it promised to be a hot day. Rising early, Lisa felt extremely refreshed after a good night's sleep. The lake, viewed through the trees. Looked like a mirror. Lisa decided that an early morning swim was just what she needed.

She walked down to the lake and stood on the shore for a few minutes, admiring the reflection of the tree clad hills on the opposite shore and enjoying the chorus of the songbirds.

Being that there was no one within almost three-quarters of a mile, Lisa stepped out of her robe and slipped naked into the cool water of the lake.

Lisa was an excellent swimmer and within a few minutes she was several hundred yards from the shore. The water sliding over her body felt wonderful and the tranquility of the lake made Lisa all but forget the frenetic pace of work over the past few months. She stopped swimming and lay floating on her back, lost once again in the songs of the birds and considering the blue vault of the sky.

As she floated out in the middle of the lake, Lisa's thought turned to Daniel. She hoped that everything was going well for him and anticipated his arrival on Monday afternoon. Finally, it was time to return to shore and brew up a pot of nice hot coffee.

When she reached the flat rocks of the shoreline, Lisa stood up, threw her head back and ran her fingers through her hair like a comb. Though the sun was already very warm, the coolness of the water had tightened up her nipples. Brushing the water off here body, Lisa's hands graze her taught nipples sending an electric shock through her body. As she wiped away the rest of the water, her hand lingered briefly on her sex bringing a quick, furtive smile to her lips.

After climbing back up to the cottage, Lisa brewed a pot of coffee, toasted up an English muffin and found her current book and tanning oil, all of which she took out to the deck. She set up a chaise-lounge and a table, spread the oil over her body and settled down for a good read.

The book Lisa was reading was the "diary" a young woman forced to work as a prostitute in Paris. Though the book dealt with the woman's struggle to free herself from prostitution, there were several very explicit details of what she had been forced to do to survive. 

"I was the entertainment at many parties. More often than not, I was the only entertainment. On this one occasion, however, I was only a part of the show. 

 Henri (her pimp) had provided some very special entertainment for several business acquaintances of his, hoping that he might move up in the ranks of the escrocs.

 At the beginning of the evening, I was spread-eagled in a vertical position, cuffs on my ankles, chained to hooks on the floor, and on my wrists, chained to hooks in the ceiling. I was wearing four-inch platform shoes and had a leather collar with rings for chain attachments on it.

 For the first hour or so, I was pretty much ignored, except for the occasional grope. After the guests had sampled some of Henri's products, they started to pay more attention to me. I endured fingers jammed up my cut and asshole, tits being pinched and pulled hard and many severe slaps all over my body - face, tits, cunt and ass.

 As the guests got tired of handling me, Henri had is flunkies wheel a round, mat covered platform into the middle of the room. The guests were invited to set up their chairs for the main event of the evening.

 A large black man and a small oriental woman entered the room and removed their robes. She was petite, but with good sized tits and a shaved cunt. He was hung like a horse. Never had I seen a cock so large that was not even close to being hard.

 She lay down on the platform and started to play with her tits and slowly rub her cunt. The man stood over to the side slowly stroking his cock, his eyes moving from her to me. I didn't know what Henri had planned, but I was sure that it was going to be painful, Henri's parties normally ended like that for me.

 Soon the woman started to slide her fingers into her pussy, a sign for the man to get into the action. His cock was getting quite hard by now and was a good twelve inches long and it must have been five inches around, because the woman could not wrap her hand around it. 

 He squatted down just to the side of her head and she started to suck his cock. To begin with she took only the head into her mouth, but as she became more used to him she took more and more of it into her mouth until there was only a couple of inches remaining. Never did she gag!

 After sucking him for a number of minutes, she released her hold on his cock, stood up and bent over, her legs spread and her hand clasping her ankles. He kneeled behind her and started to eat her cunt while she sucked his cock some more.

 Again, this lasted for a number of minutes. Then the man turned to me and looked at me with a crooked smile. He got up and walked over to where I was tied up. He stood in front of me for what seemed an eternity, slowly stroking his cock and looking me in the eyes. Then he stepped right up to me, placed one hand on my ass and squeezed it hard while his other hand went around the back of my neck. He pulled himself tight to me and kissed me hard on the mouth, his tongue sliding deep into my mouth and her cunt taste filling my mouth.

 He released me and motioned the woman to come over. As she approached me, he went behind me and started to squeeze my tits and nipples. I moaned, but from pain not from any sort of pleasure. The woman kneeled down and started to lick my cunt. Then she released the chains from my ankle cuffs. The man grabbed me behind the knees and lifted me, spreading my legs at the same time, holding my cunt up at mouth level for the woman. She ate me some more, then stepped to one side and opened me wide for all the men in the room to see.

 The man put me down and released my arms from their chains. My arms felt like lead and fell to my sides. Putting his hand at my back he pushed me toward the platform. I stumbled and caught my shin on the edge of the platform. I fell, turning my face away as my arms were still too dead to catch myself. This caused the men in the room to laugh.

 He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to a kneeling position. Then he took his cock and slapped me in the face. I started to cry out, but before a noise could escape my mouth he jammed his cock deep into it. Again, the men in the room laughed.

 Meanwhile, the woman had laid down on the floor, her knees pulled up towards her shoulder spreading her cunt wide open. The man grabbed me by the hair again and pulled me towards her. He stuck my face between her legs and rubbed it in her sopping wet cunt.

"Fuck the bitch!" hollered one of the onlookers. "Fuck her in the ass!"

The woman reached down between her legs and grabbed hold of my head. "Keep eating me," she said.

The man picked up a tube of lubricant and stepped behind me. With his foot, he spread my legs as wide as they would go and then stuck his hand between my legs. Two fingers drove into my cunt.

I had finally got some feeling back into my arms and had put them on either side of the woman's hips so I could support myself. She grabbed my wrists and held them tightly, showing surprising strength for someone quite small.

I winced as the man slapped my cunt hard. He took a large amount of lubricant and slathered it on my ass, then started to finger my asshole. He first slid one finger deep inside me and then forced in a second. I felt like I was being torn apart. He stepped around over my back, squatting down so I could feel his massive cock pressing against me. He put a hand on either of my ass cheeks and slid two fingers of each hand into my hole and started to spread me further. 

The woman let go of my wrists and backed away from my face. I watched as she walked to a small table just outside the circle of chairs and picked up a strap-on dildo. She walked back to the platform and stepped into the harness. The man passed the tube of lubricant to her. She squeezed some of the lubricant into her hand and started to work it into the dildo like she was jerking it off.

I cried out as the man again slapped my cunt. The woman walked around behind me, still stroking her dildo. I felt the cool, hard rubber press against my asshole and cried out again as she jammed it up my ass. The man spread my ass cheeks while she continued to force the dildo into me. When she finally got the whole thing inside me she grabbed my hips and started to fuck me hard. The man stood up and held his cock out for her to suck." 

A creak of the deck behind her startled Lisa. She looked quickly around to see Daniel standing there naked, a long rope of pre-cum oozing from the tip of his chub.

"What are you doing here?" Lisa shrieked as she jumped up and ran towards him.

As she got to Daniel, she jumped up into his arms, wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him hard, her tongue probing deep into his mouth.

"Oh, Danny," she sighed, finally breaking their kiss, "I didn't expect you for another two days! Why are you here now?"

"We worked late on the RFP last night," replied Daniel, "and we got a lot accomplished. Tom knew that we were really looking forward to this week away and said that he and the rest of the team could finish off just fine. Then he said, "Have a good week," and I left.

"I'm so happy you're here," gushed Lisa, "and I'm so hot. I want you to fuck me right now." Not waiting for a reply, she pulled his face down to hers and kissed him hard again. 

 

After a minute, she released her grip on Daniel and slid down his front to her knees. She took his cock deeply into her soft, wet mouth. With one hand cupping his balls, she stroked his cock with her other hand while she slid her mouth up and down his hardness.

As she finally stood up, Lisa said, "This book I'm reading has made me so hot. I want you to fuck me right here, right now." She turned and grabbed the railing surrounding the deck and leaned forward and spread her legs.

Daniel stepped behind her, took his cock in his hand and started to rub the head up and down her slit.

"Put it in me," moaned Lisa.

Daniel positioned the head of his cock over Lisa's hole and slowly entered her. He slid into her fully, then reached around and took hold of her tits, feeling the hardened nipples against the palms of his hands. He slid his cock out of her until the head was barely touching her lips then slowly slid back in. He started to gently squeeze her hard nipples while continuing to his slow penetrations.
