 A couple of days after Lisa and I went to Plato's, I got a call in the morning from Robert, the manager who I made arrangements at the club that allowed Lisa to live out her fantasy about being fucked by the four black men with big cocks.

After we exchanged pleasantries, he asked me how the night went. I told him that everything was perfect and I thanked him for making it happen. I also thanked him for his follow up call.

He said that he heard Lisa was unbelievable and everyone loved her, including Tiffany, the young female employee who gave us the tour.

As I laughed, I asked him what he wanted. I was shocked when he just came out and said he wanted Lisa to do a porno movie for him and that she would be paid a considerable amount of money.

I nearly fell on the floor when he said that. I told him I would discuss it with Lisa.

I then asked him particulars. 

He said that Lisa would be paid $5,000 to do a one hour movie, at his house in Pleasantville, NY. He continued by saying that there would be the four black men, she already fucked and basically, she would be doing the same thing when she was here, but getting paid for it.

I told him I would talk to her and get back to him. I asked him when the movie would be shot and he said next week.

He said that if things went well, Lisa could make a lot of money making more porno movies.

I thanked him and told him I would get back to him.

I was still in disbelief when Lisa walked in.

I sat her down and asked her if she would like to make $5,000 for about an hour's work. She looked at me like I lost my mind.

I then told her about the call. She said I was crazy and she couldn't do that. I then gave her a reality check and said she already did but didn't get paid.

After some serious discussion, she said she would do it but under her conditions. I told her I would call the 

Manager and set up a meeting.

I called Robert and told him we would come by that night to discuss his offer.

Lisa and I showed up at the club at 7:00 p.m. and we were escorted to the manager's office.

The manager introduced himself as Robert. We sat down and he started out by telling Lisa that she is beautiful and would be perfect for the movie.

Lisa thanked him and asked for details.

Robert said the movie would be shot on at his house in Pleasantville. There will be the four black men that Lisa already met and her. It would be similar to her experience with them, but more of a story line. The movie would run an hour and distributed worldwide. He told her she would, if she wanted too, make $5,000 for the shoot and, if it went well, more money for more movies.

Lisa said that she would do it but with the following stipulations:

First, she would be wearing a mask to cover her eyes. Robert agreed.

Second, John would have to be at the shoot with her at all times. Robert agreed.

Third, she wanted all travel expenses to and from the shoot paid for. Robert agreed.

Fourth, she wanted to have top billing in any promotion or advertisement as simply "Lisa." Robert agreed.

Lastly, she wanted a small percentage of all movies sold. Robert agreed to 5℅ and Lisa accepted.

The deal was set. Lisa was going to do a porno for money.

Now, Robert said there was one minor issue that had to be taken care of.

I looked at Lisa and asked Robert what that was. Robert said he wanted to see Lisa naked, now.

I looked at Lisa and she stood up and, looking directly at Robert, removed her blouse, undid her bra, then slipped off her jeans and removed her thong and stood before him completely naked.

He got up, moved towards her and, without saying a word, began to run his hands completely over her nakedness. Lisa just stood there and let him feel her up. She even spread her legs for him so he could get a good view of her pussy.

After he finished, he went back to his chair. "Lisa," he said, " you are a beautiful woman and the camera is going to love you. There is just one thing you have to do."

Lisa looked at him and asked him what. Robert said that she must have a smooth pussy so people can see that tattoo clearly.

We all laughed and Lisa said that would be no problem. 

Lisa got dressed, but gave Robert her thong as a souvenir and we all shook hands on the deal. Robert said we would have the easy to read contract in a day and the shoot will start Saturday.

Lisa and I left and went to celebrate her good fortune.

At dinner, I asked Lisa about the deal. She said that since she already did the four black guys and wanted to do it again, why not get paid for it. And, since she already did our own private video, it would be no big deal and the money is good.

Lisa then smiled and said she is going to be a porno star now and we both laughed and kissed and had a great celebration at dinner and when we got home.

The contract came and we looked it over and Lisa signed it and sent it back.

Saturday morning came pretty quickly and Lisa and I were ready. 

A limo pulled up at the door, which we were not expecting, and we got in for the trip to Robert's house, which was about an hour away.

When we got there, Robert was waiting for us. He took us to meet the four young men, Lisa's co-stars. He introduced everyone and the men said they remembered Lisa from Plato's and thought she was terrific and were glad they were working with her on the shoot.

He then took us to a room for Lisa to get ready with wardrobe and makeup. The young lady guide, Tiffany, from Plato's was there to get her ready. She helped Lisa get undressed and gave her the white top to wear without a bra. She then gave her a g-string to wear and a pair of short shorts. The girl told Lisa that she had to pinch her nipples to get them hard for the shoot. Lisa smiled and told her to go ahead and pinch away. When Tiffany finished hardening Lisa's nipples, she gave her a black mask that barely covered her nose and eyes.

I looked at Lisa and said that this looks like it is going to be a classy porno and laughed.

As Lisa was prepped, Robert went over the story line, which wasn't too far off from her recent experience at Plato's.

For the porno, Lisa would be dressed in a top with no bra, shorts with a g-string underneath. John would be home, as well.

Her and John were having construcion work done in their house by the four young black men. It was getting time for lunch and she offered them something to eat.

As they were having lunch, John has to leave to run some errands and won't be back for a couple of hours.

The four young men and Lisa eat together and chat.

Lisa, then asks one of the men if it is true. The young man is startled and doesn't know what she is talking about and asks her. Lisa then boldly asks if it is true if black men have big cocks. The men looked at each other and then one of them asks her if she wanted to find out.

Robert then says, the story goes on from there and asks if Lisa is ready, who said she was.

***************************************

THE PORNO BEGINS

Robert introduced us to the crew.

One cameraman was for close-up videos, one for wide angle videos, one for overall video shooting and a photographer was there for whatever still shots he wanted to take.

Robert got everyone set and the porno was ready to be made.

Robert yelled for everyone to get in place and yelled action.

THE MOVIE STARTS

In the kitchen, the four black men are eating lunch. Lisa joins them. She is wearing a white top with no bra and short shorts. Her nipples are hard and pressed against her top and can be seen.

Lisa asks the men if they wanted anything else and they answer no and that they have to get back to work soon.

Lisa tells them they are doing a great job and thanked them for their work.

Then Lisa asks the men, "Is it true what they say, you know, that all black men have big cocks?"

One of the guys looks at the other three and asks if she would like to find out. 

Lisa looked at them and said she was just curious. The group leader said that there is only one way to find out, if she really wanted to know.

Lisa then said to them that John won't be back for a couple of hours and that she would like to find out if it was true.

Lisa got up and walked to the bedroom and the four men followed.

Robert yelled cut and the filming stopped.

Robert told all of them that the scene was perfect and now comes the tough part and asked if everyone was ready. 

Lisa said she was ready and the guys said they were too.

I just watched and thought the scene went really well done and could not wait for the next scene in the bedroom.

We went into the room. The four camera men were already there with their hand held video cameras.

Robert asked if everyone was ready to shoot.

The scene was going to continue with Lisa leading the men into the bedroom.

Robert made sure everyone was ready and that Lisa was ready and OK. 

Lisa told him she was ready and for the shoot to start.

The cameras were whirling when Lisa entered the bedroom with the four men.

As soon as they got in, one fellow grabbed her and pulled her towards him, his huge cock pressing through his jeans into Lisa's stomach. She reached down to run her hand over his cock then pulled her hand back and smiled.

She unzipped his jeans and his huge, hard cock appeared for her to see. As she looked at his cock, the three others came over and started undressing Lisa. One took off her top and one took her shorts off and one removed her g-string, revealing a very smooth pussy with her cat tattoo clearly visible.

Lisa was now completely naked. The men laid her on the bed and the first guy laid down next to her. He started to feel her up as another guy came over to her and pulled out his big cock and placed it in front of her mouth.

As she started sucking the guy's cock, the first guy started sliding his huge cock into Lisa's cunt.

The cameraman was able to get a nice close-up of his cock sliding into her cunt. The other cameraman focused on her sucking the guy's cock and balls.

One cameraman panned over to the two other guys who were now naked and stroking their huge cocks.

Robert kept encouraging them all to get more active in the scene.

Lisa started gyrating her hips and lifting them off the bed as the guy fucked her. He started fucking her harder and faster.

The cameraman was right on top of Lisa's cunt as she was being fucked.

Robert yelled out for the guy to pull out his cock and cum on Lisa.

With that directive, the guy pulled out his cock and jerked it a couple of times and shot stream after stream of cum all over Lisa who was still gyrating and moving her hips.

In the meantime, the guy who she was sucking, was ready to cum and pulled out out his cock from her mouth.

Robert yelled for Lisa to open her mouth. As she did, the guy flooded her mouth with his cum load which Lisa tried to swallow it all. The cameraman got a good shot of his Cum filling her mouth and the overflow that ran down onto her big tits and nipples. 

Robert yelled cut and the action stopped.

The two guys that came still had cum oozing out their cocks as they stood waiting for more direction.

Poor Lisa laid on the bed covered in cum, with her legs apart as the photographer snapped pictures of her.

Robert said since Lisa is all covered in cum, he wanted to keep filming then we will take a break.

Everyone got back into position, and the two guys from the side went over to Lisa.

One of the guys told Lisa to get on all fours, with her ass up. She did as she was told. As he moved his big cock closer to her asshole, he slipped his fingers into Lisa's cunt and got some cum to use as lubricant for her asshole and his cock.

The other guy got on his back and slid underneath Lisa so he positioned his mouth near her cunt and his cock in front of Lisa's mouth.

I could see the cameraman and photographer having a field day taking video and still shots.

Lisa's asshole had the guy's cock pressing into it. As the huge cock was trying to access her hole, she started pushing her ass back to meet his cock entering her.

In the meantime, she was sucking the guy's cock as he was eating her.

Lisa let out some moans and groans as her hole was being penetrated. She was clenching her fists but kept yelling for him to fuck her ass hard.

The cameraman captured his cock completely disappearing into her asshole.

Once his cock was fully in her hole, Robert yelled for him to fuck her.

The guy started pumping his cock hard into her ass as she was sucking a cock and being eaten.

Soon the guy with his cock in her ass was ready to cum. He let out a moan and shot his load in her ass. The cameraman got video of his cum squirting out her hole, even with his cock still in her.

He finally pulled his cock out and cum poured out Lisa's asshole.

The guy under her now rolled her over on her back and started jerking his cock. Soon he shot a ton of cum all over Lisa's body, including her tits, nipples, face and hair.

Robert yelled cut and the action stopped.

All the actors were spent and exhausted.

Robert said it was break time and he was going to review all the video to see if scenes had to be redone.

I helped Lisa off the bed and I took her to shower off and get cleaned up.

Tiffany was there to help Lisa get cleaned up and after she did, gave her a short robe to wear.

After awhile, Robert came in and told us he reviewed all the video and said it looked great.

However, he said that he will be editing the movie and may need to reshoot some stuff but the fucking and cumming scenes looked great.

Robert said that today's shoot is over and if anything, he will call later if a reshoot is needed.

He said that Lisa did a wonderful job and even though the movie isn't finalized, he would like to offer Lisa a long term contract.

Lisa and I were taken back and said we had to discuss it. Robert said he would call us later.

We all got ready and the limo took us home.

When we got home, we discussed the porno movie and the offer from Robert.

Lisa said she was fine doing the porno and I told her she was terrific and if she wanted to do more, it would be fine with me. Lisa then said she will tell Robert she will do more.

That night Robert called. First, he said he reviewed all the video and there would be no reshoot needed. The movie was perfect and the camera loved Lisa.

He then asked about a long term contract. Lisa told him she would sign one but she had more stipulations and if he could come by tonight, she would discuss them with him.

He said he would come by and he will bring the movie with him.

It was around 10:00 p.m. when Robert arrived. 

He brought the video with him and he played it for us. We could not believe how great it was. Lisa was amazing.

After the video, Robert offered Lisa a long term contract. He said he would pay Lisa $10,000 a video with a minimum of twelve movies a year, guaranteed.

He also said that special videos, such as Lesbian, anal and/or gang bang movies would be worth $15,000 each.

Lisa told him that his offer was very fair and she would sign with him if he met her conditions:

First, he would be my agent and John her manager. Robert agreed 

Second, limo service would always be provided. Robert agreed.

Third, I would always get top billing as "Lisa" only. Robert agreed.

Fourth, I have some control of the scripts relating to sex scenes. Robert agreed.

Fifth, I would get a 10℅ royalty for every video sold. Robert said 5℅ and I agreed.

Lastly, I want the young lady who was helping me at the shoot to be my assistant. Robert said he would ask her and if she said yes, it would be ok.

Robert excused himself and called the young woman and offered her the job, which she accepted.

When he came back, he told us that the young woman, Tiffany, agreed to be Lisa's assistant.

Robert said there is just one more thing that must be agreed to. We asked him what that was.

Robert said that the mask had to go and that was non-negotiable.

Lisa and I looked at each other and Lisa told Robert he had a deal and everyone shook hands.

Lisa said there is only one thing left to do.

Robert and I asked what that was.

Lisa said to open some champagne and let's go inside and fuck to seal the deal.

I looked at Robert and we stood up. I got the champagne and Lisa took Robert into the bedroom.

Lisa was the first to undress an Robert the next. When I brought in the champagne, my lovely Lisa and Robert were already on the bed making out. His cock was nice and stiff and looking for Lisa's slit.

As he was preparing to slide his cock in her, I heard her tell him that she wanted one more stipulation. I heard her tell him that before any porno movie, John was to fuck her in front of the crew to get her in the mood. I heard Robert tell her she was incredible and he agreed to it.

I watched as he slid his cock into her cunt and started fucking her. It didn't take long for him to shoot his load in her.

Lisa was insatiable. She told me to get on the bed and fuck her. I put down the champagne and mounted my cum slut and slipped my cock in her cum filled cunt and started fucking my porno queen. In no time, I shot my load into her cunt.

Robert was amazed at Lisa and commented that Lisa will become a big porno star and make tons of money.

After we rested, Robert laid out a plan for more movies.

As the three of us sat naked on the bed, Robert asked Lisa what her sexual preferences were.

She said it didn't make a difference. She liked threesomes, women and multiple guys as well as big black cocks.

Robert told us that it will be very easy for Lisa to get work as she is easy going and sexy as all hell and that the camera loved her and that she is insatiable when it comes to sex.

Robert said that he is going to arrange auditions for Lisa with the three biggest porno movie makers this week and she should start making movies soon thereafter.

He asked if that would be OK with us. We both said yes. Lisa asked if he would be there at the auditions and he said he would be.

Robert emphasized that the auditions will require Lisa to perform sexual acts for them. We both understood that and agreed to it.

Lisa asked Robert to have Tiffany present at all auditions and he said she would be there.

With all that out of the way, the three of us drank champagne in bed and fucked the night away.

Two days later, Robert called and said he had an audition lined up for Lisa. We had to meet the director and we would get the address later today. The audition was for tomorrow.

We asked what the movie was going to be about and Lisa's role. Robert said Lisa would be the star, and another woman is being picked to join her. Lisa yelled out to get Tiffany to play the other part. 

Robert said Tiffany could audition as well. He said the main character will be of a woman being with a group of men at a bachelor party. 

He said Lisa's pay would be $15,000 for the shoot as it will include a variety of sex acts, including possible gang fucking, water sports, anal, bi, and maybe bondage.

We said OK and we will wait for the address.

While we waited, I asked Lisa if she was nervous or had any misgivings. She said no and just thought of the money and pleasure.

The phone rang and it was Robert with the address. He said we had to be there in an hour and he and Tiffany will meet us there.

We went to the address and found it to be a hotel. We went up to the room and knocked. A fellow opened the door and asked us to come in. 

Tiffany and Robert were already there. A fellow introduced himself as the director and welcomed Lisa to the audition.

He explained that the movie is basically about a bachelor party where the woman will be servicing all the men and perform whatever sex acts they want. There will be a young woman there as well, who is there to serve them food and drinks and who the woman will also be having sex with.
