 This story is the culmination of the five chapter story which you should at least read Chapter 5 or this one will not make much sense.

I hope you have enjoyed the 5 previous chapters and especially this one.

*********************

It was a month since Lisa went to France to stay with Andre. She knew that I would be waiting for her at the airport. As soon as the private jet landed she saw me waiting for her.

The limo that Andre provided took us home. Lisa showed me the check she got for $10 million from Andre and said that she was going to retire.

She asked me how my gay movie went. I told her I would tell her everything tonight.

On the way home I told Lisa that she had one more movie to commit to and her contract would be completed. She said she could handle that and gave me her sexy smile.

It took us an hour to get home and when we arrived, we just threw her suitcases on the side and went straight to our bedroom. We quickly undressed and fucked the night away until we fell asleep naked and covered in our own juices.

The next morning at breakfast I asked Lisa about her stay at Andres. She said she had a great time and turned the boy into a man.

Lisa asked me about the movie I just wrapped up. I told her Robert paid me $50,000 and gave me a $25,000 bonus. I told her that I sucked a few cocks and swallowed a lot of cum.

I told her that I now know why she gets a lot of money to do what she does as it is not an easy job. She smiled and welcomed me to her club.

I called Robert and told him Lisa was back and ready for her final shoot. He told me that he would like the two of us to go up to his place to discuss everything. I told him we would be up there tomorrow.

The next morning we went up to see Robert. He welcomed us in and told us that we have been his best clients ever. He said he was very proud of the both of us. We thanked him for all that he did for us, especially for Lisa.

He told us that Lisa has one more movie to do and her contract would be complete. He then told me that I didn't really have a contract but he would like me to do one more.

I asked him what it was and he said that since I did a great job on the last gay themed movie with Tom, he would like me to do a full blown gay movie with Tom and several guys from Lisa's movies.

He told me that Lisa could select at least five guys. Lisa looked at me and said she was ok with that. I asked him about the money. Robert said he would pay me $100,000 for the shoot and give me a $50,000 bonus if sales went over $5 million. I also told him that this was my last shoot as I am retiring so Lisa and I could be together.

I looked at Lisa and told him I would do it. I asked if Lisa would be in it. He said he could give her a short guest appearance. I told him that I wanted her to get at least $25,000. He said that was high but if she did a bit more, he would give her more a lot more money. I told him that would be ok.

We all agreed and Robert said Lisa's final shoot would be next week and mine would start right after that.

Lisa spent a couple of days getting five of her male co-stars with huge cocks who were also big cummers signed up for my shoot.

Next week came and Lisa did her shoot which was a normal porno movie that she had done before and it was completed in a couple of days. Her contract was now completed.

A week later, Robert called and said my movie shoot would begin in two days. He said everyone was set for the shoot. He also said that the movie would be on a set in upstate NY and he would send a limo for us.

Over the next day, Lisa gave me some pointers on blow jobs, anal, swallowing and other useful tips.

I was nervous about her watching me do this particular shoot.

The day finally arrived and the limo was right on time. It took a couple of hours for the driver to get us to the set.

Once there, Robert showed us around and introduced us to the crew.

Lisa was by my side and introduced me to the guys she hired to do the shoot with me.

The guys were real nice and told me to relax. All the guys told me it was always a pleasure working with Lisa as she was a real pro. They also said they would help me in the various scenes. I thanked all of them for their support.

Robert gave us his vision of the movie. He said that me and Lisa would be fucking and these five guys break in and take us hostage. 

Then, the five guys would tie Lisa up so she could watch the five guys with me.

Eventually, Lisa would tell them to fuck her and leave me alone 

So, after a break, Robert had the cameramen ready and makeup taken care of and we were ready to do the shoot.

The movie started with Lisa coming out of the shower and drying off and coming to join me in bed. We started making out and then I slipped my cock in her cunt and we started fucking.

Just as I was about to cum we heard a noise and suddenly five guys appeared in our bedroom. Two guys grabbed me and two guys grabbed Lisa.

Lisa was put on a chair and tied up. They tied my hands and threw me on the bed.

I asked them what they wanted and they said that they wanted money. I told them we didn't have any.

They said they knew we had plenty. I told them that there was no money in the house. They then threatened to kill us.

One guy who must have been the leader said that they were going to see if that was true. 

He told his friends to get naked and they could have me until we told them where the money was.

The guys undressed and got naked. Their cocks were huge and they all approached me. I could see Lisa watching.

The first guy took his cock and started jerking it and in a few seconds his hard cock was in my face. He held my head and pushed his cock into my mouth. He told me to suck him off.

Lisa watched as I started sucking his cock. Then the guy started pushing his cock in and out of my mouth, fucking it. It didn't take long and the guy pulled out his cock, jerked it a couple of times, told me to open my mouth and then he shot a ton of cum into my mouth and on my face.

I swallowed most of it but some dripped down on onto my cock and balls.

One guy untied Lisa and told her to lick the cum off of me. She did as she was told and went back to the chair.

The next guy came over to me and untied my hands and told me to get on all fours. He took some cum and spread it on his cock and pressed it against my asshole.

As he penetrated me, I let out some moans. After an eternity, the guys big cock was in my ass.

He started fucking my ass slowly then picked up the pace. His balls were slapping against mine. As I was being fucked, my cock got hard.

The leader saw it and told Lisa to suck my cock as the guy fucked my ass. Lisa did as she was told and both of us shot our loads at the same time. Lisa swallowed all of my cum and the guy's cum filled my ass and poured out as soon as he took out his cock from my ass.

They took Lisa back to the chair.

They asked again where the money was and we again told them there wasn't any here.

Then the phone rang. The leader told me to answer it. I picked up the phone and it our daughter, Jessie who said she was coming over to spend the night. I told her not to come as we were entertaining friends. After a few minutes we hung up.

The leader said I did fine.

Two of the intruders came to me and sat me on the edge of the bed. Their huge hard cocks in my face. One guy stuck his cock in my mouth and the other guy told me to jerk him off.

I could see Lisa watching. I could also see her nipples getting hard and erect. Her wetness was clearly visible on her thighs.

I sucked harder and faster and jerked the other guy's cock faster. I just wanted this over with.

Soon, the guy I was jerking off stood up and started jerking his cock. Suddenly, I felt streams of cum hitting my face, mouth and hair. Then the guy I was sucking came and filled my mouth completely and I almost choked as I couldn't swallow it all.

I was completely covered in cum from my hair down to my cock and balls.

The leader smiled and said it was Lisa's turn.

They took me off the bed and threw Lisa on it.

The leader told Lisa to get on all fours. The leader got underneath her and slipped his huge, uncircumcised cock in her cunt. One guy forced his cock in her ass as they both started fucking her.

One guy placed his cock in her mouth and as she was laying on top of the leader she took a cock in each hand.

I could only watch in horror as the five of them were doing her at the same time.

One by one, the guys shot their loads all over Lisa. 

The guys were still cumming when I heard a loud noise. Police came rushing in an captured the five guys.

I rushed over to Lisa and helped her.

I asked the police officer in charge how they knew we were in trouble. He said Jessie called them and told them there was a problem here but wasn't sure what it was.

They took the guys away and we told them we would go down to the precinct tomorrow for the paperwork.

Just then Jessie walked in and we hugged and kissed her. She took her mom to the bathroom to get her cleaned up.

Robert yelled to stop filming as the shoot was a wrap.

The next day Robert came by and said the movie was terrific. He also said that he was giving Lisa a $100,000 for her part and giving me a $100,000 as well.

Robert said he would give Jessie $5,000 for her walk on.

That night was the ending of our stint in the porno business. We both retired.

Jessie called us and said she had a surprise. She said she was going to do porno. Lisa and I looked at each other and wished her good luck and hung up.