 This story is for Kyle. I hope you enjoy it and thank you for encouraging me to write it.

***************

Finally, I was able to convince my sexy Lisa to join me at Plato's Retreat. She had refused to go every time I asked her but this time she gave in and finally agreed to go.

We made arrangements to go this Saturday evening. I was hoping that she wouldn't back out over the week.

I made sure that I encouraged her participation at the club and kept reassuring her that she will be fine and then she will love that I took her there. She was skeptical but said she would try it for me, but only this one time.

Let me remind you about Lisa. She is a beautiful Italian woman, in her mid twenties, with long, curly, jet black hair, brown eyes, large breasts with big nipples, a nice rounded inviting ass. She is 5' 7" and has a nicely trimmed pussy, with a tattoo of a pussycat next to her slit.

Now, Lisa is no stranger to my sexual requests. I have gotten her to be a nudist, had her photographed in the nude by a stranger, let a stranger make a porno of us and has done a mfm threesome on more than one occasion. So, I figured a visit to Plato's was next.

I had made special arrangements for Lisa to act on one of her fantasies, which will be a big surprise for her.

The week went by uneventful and by Saturday, Lisa actually said she was looking forward to going. However, she did establish some guidelines though:

First, what happens at Plato's stays there.

Second, we could each do our own thing, without question.

And third, neither of us could stop the other one from having sex with anyone else.

I agreed to her conditions for the night.

Lisa spent a good part of Saturday preparing for Plato's. She showered, set her clothes out, had her hair done and by the time we were ready to leave, she exuded pure sex.

She wore a red, leather mini skirt with a black, sheer thong, a white blouse with no bra, and high heel shoes.

When we got to Plato's I told her we didn't have to go in; that we could go home. She said she was fine and ready for a fun evening. That being said, we went in.

One of the female employees, who was naked, gave each of us a kiss and welcomed us to Plato's. As she gave us a tour of the facility, she clued us in on what to expect and how to enjoy our visit.

As we walked around, Lisa got her share of invites to join guests as they were having sex. As she passed them, she undid her blouse and gave them a show, as she exposed her tits to the guests.

The female employee clapped her hands and smiled as Lisa then completely removed her blouse. I laughed as Lisa walked topless through the area. Right then, I knew it was going to be a great evening.

The young woman showed us the pool and then showed us the various rooms where groups of people were engaging in all types of sexual activity. Finally she took us to the lockers room, gave us kisses, then left.

We went into the locker room to undress and store our clothes. We each took a towel and headed out to the pool area. Lisa kept on her sheer thong though. Thanks

When we got to the pool, we sat on a bench and watched guests involved in a variety of sexual activities. 

One couple was fucking at the edge of the pool. Another woman was giving a guy a blow job. Two women were locked in an embrace, kissing.

Lisa and I just looked at each other and laughed at the goings on.

As we watched, a beautiful, young woman came over and asked Lisa if she cared to join her and her boy friend, who was watching the from a distance, for some fun.

Lisa looked at me and I told her to go enjoy herself. Lisa got up, removed her thong and gave it me for and joined the woman and walked over to the boy friend.

I could see that the guy had a nice sized stiff cock and knew Lisa would enjoy herself. The couple appeared to be around Lisa's age.

As I watched Lisa walk away, a woman startled me as she touched my leg and knelt down in front of me. I just looked and smiled as she took my cock and started to suck it.

I could not believe that a young woman would just come over and start sucking me. 

It didn't take long before my limp dick stiffened in her mouth. In a short time, I told her that my cock was ready to explode. She looked up at me and smiled, then took my cock out of her mouth and started jerking me off until I came on her silky tits.

As soon as I finished cumming, she got up, thanked me and left, my cum dripping down her breasts.

I got up and walked to where I last saw Lisa heading and out of the corner of my eye, I spotted her with the couple in a corner of the pool area.

I moved closer but not where I could be seen by Lisa. There my woman was, her legs spread wide with the guy's cock buried deep in her cunt as he was banging her away. The girl was straddling Lisa, with her pussy in front of Lisa's mouth.

I could tell by the woman's squirming that Lisa was eating her pussy.

I continued watching as the guy must have been ready to cum as he was fucking her hard and fast as Lisa was fucking him back. Soon, he just fell flat on her, so I knew he must have shot his load in her cunt.

I walked away back to the bench. In a short time, Lisa joined me.

I just asked if she had a good time and she just said she did and nothing else was said.

I asked her if she wanted to visit the rooms and she said she did, so we went to check them out.

The first room we peeked into had four couples fucking and switching partners.

Another room had one woman and eight men. The men were taking turns fucking the woman.

When Lisa saw that, she said she wanted to go into that room. I looked at her and asked her if she was sure. She just smiled and said yes.

I opened the door and we walked in. The men stopped and asked if we wanted to join them. I told them that Lisa wanted to participate. They welcomed us in.

One of the men told Lisa to get on the bed. She did as she was told, looking at me.

The man asked her if she knew what was going to happen and Lisa told him yes; that they were all going to fuck her.

The man looked at me and asked if I was OK with it and I said yes. He then told me I would be the first to fuck her and to join her on the bed now and to start fucking her and then everyone will take their turn with her.

I got up and moved to the bed. I whispered to Lisa if she was ready and she just nodded yes and for me to fuck her now.

I spread Lisa's legs and slipped my cock in her cunt, knowing the eight men were watching and going to fuck my lovely woman. I started fucking her and she started raising her hips to meet my thrusts. In no time, I came in her cunt. As soon as I did, I pulled my cock out and got off the bed. I then went to the side and watched.

The first guy got on the bed and mounted Lisa. He had a big cock, maybe eight inches, which he shoved in her cunt.

I watched as he started pumping his cock into her cunt. I could see Lisa's eyes filled with passion as she fucked him back. When he was ready to cum, he pulled out his cock and shot his cum on her tits and face.

No sooner than he finished, another guy mounted her and fucked her; and so it went until all eight men fucked her and came in and on her.

By the time they were done with her, she was covered in cum and cum was pouring out her cunt.

Before we left the room, we cleaned up the cum as best we could. As I did that, I asked her about her experience and she just smiled and said it was great.

We left the room to explore the other rooms. As we walked, cum just oozed out Lisa's well fucked cunt but she didn't mind it.

We looked in another room and it was occupied by four women who were enjoying each other.

Lisa said she wanted to go into that room. I told her she could and that I would go looking to get laid. She smiled, gave me a kiss and told me to fuck a couple of women for her and she opened the door and went in.

As I walked around, my cock was getting nice and hard and needed a wet cunt to slip into. As I walked around, a guy came up to me and asked if I wanted to help him fuck his wife. I quickly agreed and he led me to her.

His wife was very pretty and petite. Her legs were already spread and I could see I wasn't her first of the night as there was a small pool of cum near her thighs. 

She invited me to join her and I laid down besides her. Her husband just watched us.

I mounted her and she guided my cock into her cunt. Once my cock was fully seated in her, she told me to fuck her and cum in her.

I didn't need her to say any thing further and I started ramming my cock hard into her cunt. It wasn't long before I filled her cunt with my cum.

I got up and her husband thanked me for helping him out.

I then went back to find Lisa who was just coming out of the room. She asked if I got laid and I told her I did. I then asked her if she had a good time with the four women and she smiled and said she did and that one of the women lived close by and that she will be seeing her once in awhile and gave me a wink.

Lisa told me that she ate all four women and they each took a turn eating her. She then said that there were double headed dildos in the room and each of the women used them on her and she got fucked by the four of them.

She asked if I was ready to go and I told her that I had a special surprise for her.

She looked at me with a smirk and said she could not imagine what that would be here at Plato's.

I asked a female employee if she knew where I could find what I had arranged. The employee told me that there is a special room for what I wanted and took us to the room.

The female employee quietly told me that she actually went into that room more than once and loved it. She then whispered something to Lisa and gave her a kiss on her lips and left.

The room had no window, so we knocked and somebody told us to enter.

As we entered, we saw four young black men with huge cocks. Their cocks all must have been at least twelve inches long and thick and they weren't even hard.

Lisa pulled back in a panic. She always mentioned that she wanted to get fucked by big black cocks but never thought it would happen or that there would be more than one. She looked at me in fright. I told her it would be OK and to just enjoy living out her fantasy.

One of the men asked us what we wanted and I told him that Lisa wanted all of them to fuck her.

He asked Lisa if she was sure and Lisa nervously nodded yes. The fellow said they would take care of her.

They all said yes and Lisa was led to the bed. I was told to sit in the corner and to watch.

Lisa went over to the bed and laid down. The first black guy moved over to her and told her to suck his cock. 

I watched as Lisa tried to suck him but his cock was barely able to get in her mouth. She could only suck the head of his cock.

As she was sucking him, another guy mounted her and tried to insert his huge cock in her cunt, even though her legs were spread wide. I could see that her cunt was slowly taking his cock in but it only went in her half way and stopped.

He slowly started fucking her as she continued sucking the first guy. As she was sucking him, she started jerking him off until he came.

I never saw a guy shoot stream after stream of cum like he did. It was like watching a porno movie; the guy never stopped cummng. He literally covered her face, tits and filled her mouth with his cum.

The guy who was fucking her was ramming his huge cock into her cunt and she was fucking him back. Her hips were gyrating and moving up and down, meeting his thrusts. I could tell he was ready to cum and he shot his load in her cunt. His cum was flowing out of her even though his cock was still inside her. As he squeezed the last of his cum from his cock, Lisa looked over at me and winked and smiled.

When he finished with Lisa, the third guy went over to her and rolled her on her stomach. He made her get on all fours. Cum still pouring out her cunt and onto the bed.

He approached her ass and lined up his twelve inch cock to her asshole. He took globs of cum from her cunt and lubricated her hole and his cock and started inserting his huge cock in her hole.

Lisa let out loud grunts and groans and I could see her clenching her fists as he penetrated her hole. She kept yelling out for him to go easy but he kept pushing his cock into her, asking her if she liked being fucked in the ass by a big black cock. I heard her answer him with a yes, as she pushed her ass back to get his cock inside her. I could see her pushing her ass back to engulf his entire cock in her hole.

Soon, his cock was seated in her ass and he started to fuck her ass, slowly at first. He picked up the pace and she kept pushing her ass back to meet his thrusts. She kept yelling out for him to fuck her ass hard and to cum in it.

He let out a moan and filled her asshole with his cum and when he pulled his cock out, a stream of his cum shot out Lisa's asshole and she fell on the bed, exhausted.

It was the last guy's turn and he told me to join Lisa on the bed.

He approached both of us and told both of us suck his cock.

As we sucked him off, Lisa and I held hands. Soon, the guy was ready to cum and he told us both to open our mouths and then he shot tremendous streams of cum into our mouths until he was dry. We did the best we could to swallow all of his cum but it was too much and much dripped out our mouths. Then he told us to kiss and we did, with us sharing his cum.

Then he pushed Lisa on her back and mounted her. His cock was still hard and found its way into Lisa's cunt easily. 

As he was fucking my Lisa, he told me to lick his balls and cock as he fucked her, which I did. Soon, he came in her and told me to eat his cum from her cunt, which I did.

Lisa and I were just spent and laid on the bed.

We finally left the room and went to the locker room to shower and rest.

Even after our shower, we had to wait awhile as cum was still flowing out of Lisa's cunt and she had only a sheer thong to put on, which would not hold back the cum oozing from her.

We decided to use the hot tub, hoping some cum would be drawn out of her cunt and we can then get dressed and leave.

When we found the hot tub. There was a young man in it and we eased ourselves in it. The hot water and spray jets felt great on our bodies. I introduced us to the young man who said his name was Kyle.

I asked him if he was here with anyone else. He said he was but his girl had to leave as an emergency came up. He said he decided to stay for awhile then he was going leave.

Lisa asked him if he was having a good time and he said that he was before his girl left, not so much now.

Lisa looked at me with the saggy dog eyes and I just nodded OK.

Lisa then moved over to Kyle and put her arm around his neck. Kyle looked a bit perplexed. Lisa pulled his mouth to hers and kissed him, her tongue slipping into Kyle's mouth.

In a second, Lisa was straddling Kyle. I could see his cock getting stiffer as he started feeling Lisa up. Soon, his mouth engulfed her nipples and he started sucking them.

Lisa lifted herself off of him a bit and placed his cock in front of her opening. I watched as his cock slid into Lisa's cunt until it completely disappeared.

Lisa started fucking Kyle, riding his cock as they kissed. Kyle looked at me and I smiled at him and he went back to fucking Lisa.

It didn't take long before Kyle shot his cum in Lisa's well fucked cunt. Lisa then dismounted Kyle and fell back into the hot water, spent.

Kyle just said thanks to both of us and smiled. 

We asked him where he lived and it turns out that he lived close by. I looked at Lisa, who gave me an approving nod, and I asked Kyle if he would like to join us for a night cap at our house after we leave Plato's. He said he would like that. We just rested in the hot tub for awhile, as drops of Kyle's cum floated around.

I asked Lisa if she had a good time.

She looked at me, smiled, kissed me and said it was the best time she ever had. 

She thanked me for letting her live out one of her fantasies. She also said to me that from now on, she would do anything I asked her to do, anything.

Lisa told me she would like to come back again to repeat her experience with the black cocks. I told her we would.

She laughed and said that her cunt and ass were sore but she enjoyed every second of the pain.

I asked her if she liked being a cum slut. She said she never realized how much she liked guys cumming in her and all over her. Lisa said she just wished she could have swallowed more cum but promised she will, the next time.

She smiled and said she will always be my cum slut.

I did ask her what the female member whispered to her.

Lisa smiled and said the girl just told her that I am going to get the best fucking of my life and to enjoy every second of it, and I did.

Before we left, Lisa wanted me to promise one thing. I told her I would. She then said that the next time we visited Plato's, she wished that as many guys as possible would cum on her and in her. I promised her that I would make sure she got her wish.

We got dressed, Lisa did not put on her thong though as she gave it to Kyle, and the three of us walked out of Plato's, I was a very happy guy and Lisa was an extremely satisfied and happy cum slut.

The end?