 I knew I should not have been there, but I could not help myself ... something about her just would not let me stay away. Although we had met several years before in Miami through a mutual friend, there was no immediate spark. I remember thinking that Lisa was very attractive, but that was it. Besides, the wedding band on my left hand signaled that I was no longer on the market. Three years later, her job required that she make several visits here to Chicago for weeks at a time. During her first visit, this same friend put us in contact, as she really didn't know anyone in Chicago.

First, a little bit about me. I am still married, but a lot less happily. In addition, since the birth of our son last year, our sex life has come to a screeching halt. Since we found out we were expecting almost two years ago, Angela and I have made love exactly three times, none of which were satisfying for either of us. It felt as if she was doing it out of obligation and I basically went until I came. No post-coital cuddling, intimacy, etc. ... you get the picture. You know there's not much sex going on in a relationship if one partner can tell you the exact dates that they made love over nearly a two-year period.

Angela's lack of interest in sex and my acceptance of that have completely drained the passion out of our relationship. It's not like we were setting the bed on fire beforehand, but our sexual relationship, intimacy, etc. has dwindled down to non-existent. I'm a sensual and romantic person, and need that in my life and from my wife. I am not a serial cheater and have tried to forsake all others, but the strain has gotten to be too much and made me vulnerable to the situation that I found myself in that day.

On Lisa's first visit, we got together for lunch and spent some time touring downtown Chicago, seeing the sites. The first thing that hit me was how much more beautiful she was than I recalled from that meeting in Miami. Over lunch, we talked a lot about our romantic involvements – she had recently ended a 3-year, on-again/off-again relationship, and I've already told you about my situation at home.

During the remainder of this trip and on subsequent visits, we spent a lot of time together, careful to go places that I would not see anyone I knew. Lisa and I were able to talk candidly about a lot of things, including sex, even coming up with our own terms for fellatio ("a Lewinsky") and cunnilingus ("smoking a cigar" – thanks, President Clinton). To this day, my wife knows nothing about this and definitely would not understand.

The situation with Lisa began to take on a slightly different tone one Saturday night during her first trip to Chicago. We went to this little out-of-the-way restaurant for a quiet dinner, followed by some gambling at one of the casinos in Indiana and a stop at a local watering hole for drinks. As I crawled into bed at home, I remember thinking that the night felt much more like a romantic date than a platonic one. I had no idea at that time, but I was not alone in that sentiment.

Several visits later, we were again cruising downtown Chicago and parked near the lakefront to talk. During one of those lulls in the conversation, I found myself looking into her eyes.

She asked what I was thinking about and I said, "Kissing you ... come here."

I pulled her close and gently kissed her. She kissed me back and we were there for some time, kissing and talking. One of the things that we talked about was that night a couple of months prior, where I started having some different feelings toward her. She then told me that she felt the same way that day and if I wasn't already married, she could see us in a real relationship. However, she was not interested in breaking up a marriage or a home, so things could not go beyond kissing and touching. Lisa and I continued to see each other during her business trips to Chicago and although we had drawn a line as far as our physical contact, the mutual desire never waned.

All of this led up to that night. My wife and son were out of town visiting her father and stepmother in Indiana, so Lisa and I spent the evening together. After dinner and a couple of drinks, we found ourselves back in her hotel room. We'd always said that we would not put ourselves in a situation where opportunity and desire could get the best of us, but there we were, doing just that. As I stood in the bathroom, staring at the reflection in the mirror, I saw a man that loved his family, but with needs that weren't being met at home. I saw a conflicted man, torn between his responsibilities and obligations to his family and an incredible desire to be with the beautiful and sensuous woman just outside that bathroom door. Lisa understands me more than any woman I've ever known and I could not resist.

Lisa isn't much of a drinker and was already asleep when I came out of the bathroom, so I slipped into bed next to her and eased up gently behind her to spoon. My hand rested on her hip and I slowly moved it over to her stomach. I stroked her stomach with my fingertips and inhaled the fragrance that she wears – she always smells so good. I kissed her softly on her neck, just below her ear and felt her body respond to my touch. After a few minutes, I moved from her stomach up to her breasts, caressing all over, teasing her just a little by avoiding her nipples. She arched her back, rubbing her bottom against my now-hard dick. I started to focus more attention on her nipples and moved my kisses from her neck to her ear, which put her arousal into a higher gear.

I backed away from her, just enough to allow her to roll over onto her back, then took her in my arms and we shared a kiss that seemed to reach the depths of my soul. Her lips are truly perfect, both to look at and to kiss, and I don't think I could ever get tired of them.

I slowly slid her T-shirt up over her stomach, breasts and head until she was lying before me, completely naked. For weeks I had imagined what Lisa would look like nude, but the reality was even more amazing than dreamed. Lisa's golden brown body is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. I could not wait to taste every inch of her, but not knowing if we'd ever have this opportunity again, I tried to be patient and savor every moment. She has these incredible breasts that have just a hint of sag, with nipples like Hershey's Kisses, begging to be sucked and licked. I slowly leaned forward and took one of them in my mouth, gently sucking and alternating between them.

I started to slide further down her body, kissing her all over her stomach until I reached my final destination, but instead of diving right in to her honey pot, I went to her thighs until she was moaning in frustration. Lisa's legs were spread wide open, letting me know how desperately she needed me to give her oral pleasure. She was already soaking wet, with her juices literally dripping down onto the sheet beneath her.

I started licking her with long, slow strokes from the bottom of her sweet pussy up to the top, deliberately avoiding her clit. I backed away for a second to position her thighs over my shoulders, and then resumed my assault on her pussy. As she started to peak, I felt the muscles in her thighs tense up. I inserted one, then two, then three fingers and while letting my tongue dance lightly over her clit.

Lisa moved closer to what would be her first orgasm of the night, so I took her clit into my mouth, gently sucking and licking while I continue to stroke in and out with my fingers. This direct clitoral stimulation drove her over the edge, as her thighs clamped tightly around my head and she inhaled sharply. Lisa ground her pussy against my face and repeatedly whispered my name, which were the only words either of us had uttered up to that point. I felt her body start to tremble and then she came, rewarding me with a fresh blast of her juices.

After she regained her senses following that first orgasm, Lisa got more aggressive and turned me over onto my back, all the while maintaining contact between her crotch and my face. She told me to just lay back and stick my tongue out, and then slowly began to ride, rocking her hips forward and back across my tongue. I tried to follow her directions and do nothing else, but could not stop my hands from caressing her luscious bottom. As her arousal increased, she put her hand on my forehand and picked up her pace. My face and neck were bathed in her juices and I couldn't get enough. Coming from the peak of the first orgasm, it didn't take long for her to reach her second one of the night. She grabbed the back of my head to pull my face harder into her crotch and arched her back, screaming at the top of her lungs as she got off.

All this time, neither Lisa nor I have touched my dick and I felt like I was ready to explode. Remember, it has been years since I'd had a sexual encounter this intense and even though I have some level of control at my age, I could've gone off at any time. Lisa slid down my body until we are face-to-face. She started to kiss my lips, face and neck, purring softly as she licked her own juices off my body.

She slowly continued south until she reached my dick, lightly teasing the head and shaft with gentle kisses. Licking down the underside, she took each of my balls into her mouth and ran her tongue over each. I pulled her body around until her crotch is again positioned over my face and resumed "smoking a cigar". Lisa then kissed her way back up to the head and without warning, completely engulfed my dick with her mouth, taking in the entire length. It felt so good that I thought I was going to pass out. After only 30 seconds or so, I begged her to stop so that I didn't come right then.

She lifted her pussy from my mouth to grab a condom, which she opened and unrolled on my dick. Moving back on top of me into a reverse cowgirl position, she asked if I was ready and I told her that I was. She grabbed my dick, positioned the head at her entrance and buried me inside of her in one swift movement.

We both moaned in pleasure at this initial coupling and remained totally still for a minute, which helped me to maintain control over my impending ejaculation. She began to move first and it felt like heaven on earth as she rotated her hips in a circular motion. I was touching her hips, but not attempting to have any control over her movements. My dick, balls and upper thighs were coated with her sweet nectar and she started to move a little faster, stroking her clit with her free hand. After shifting her weight and moving from her knees to her feet, Lisa leaned back into my chest, which allowed me to caress her breasts as she continued to ride me.

She sat up again and spun around on my dick so that we were now facing each other, then resumed her circular motion, which ground her clit against my pubic bone. Far too quickly, we were both racing to cum and just as I felt her body start to tremble in the initial stages of her third and final orgasm of the night, I began to fill the condom with what seemed like a quart of cum.

We lay there silently in that same position in the afterglow, with the lights of the city filtering through the window across our bodies. It was very sweet and romantic, and a perfect ending to the night.

Lisa asked, "Now what?"

All I could say was, "I don't know. Let's talk about it over breakfast."

We both dozed off, knowing that this could not be a one-time thing

---------------------------------------

This is my first attempt at writing erotica. All feedback is welcomed and appreciated.