 Although not necessary, you should read "Lisa, Back in the Business" to get a better understanding of the main character.

**********

There are bi scenes.

All characters are over 18 and healthy.

**********

It was the end of January and I was working up in the Albany area. I had been up there for a couple of weeks while Lisa was at home.

She called me to tell me she was going to drive up to see me for the weekend. I told her to be careful because of the weather, since they were forecasting possible snow.

She said she was going to leave Friday morning and be there by early afternoon since it was only a 150 mile trip.

That morning, she packed a small overnight bag with personal items but no sleeping clothes, especially pajamas or a nightgown since she always slept in the nude.

She started the trip early and by mid morning the snow started coming down. As she drove north on I-87, the snow started piling up.

She finally got on the Adirondack Northway but the weather was getting bad. She pulled over and called me. I told her not to drive anymore and to find a place to stay for the night. I told her to be careful.

As she was talking to me she said a trooper pulled over and he was getting out of the car. I could hear him tell her that the road was closed and that he would lead her to a safe place. With that, she hung up.

(The rest of the story is in Lisa's own words)

The trooper drove me to a diner that was still open. I thanked the trooper and he left.

I went inside and there was a young man who was behind the counter. We exchanged hellos and I ordered some pie and a coffee.

I asked him if there was a place I could spend the night. He said there isn't anything nearby but there is a motel a few miles down the road.

I finished my food and headed out into the snow.

I drove extremely slow for about three miles and found a motel. I went in and the proprietor, a young woman, told me that she had no rooms because of the weather.

I must have looked pathetic and told her I would take anything. She again said she had no vacancy. Then she told me to wait while she made a call.

When she got off the phone, she said her girlfriend would be happy to put her up for the night and that she was coming over now to get her.

I thanked the woman and told her I owed her big time. She looked at me and said, "I'll hold you to that."

While I waited for her friend, she told me her name was Diane and her friends name was Cathy. I must have thanked her a thousand times. She told me I could leave my car there, as well.

Soon, a truck pulled up and a young woman got out. She came in and introduced herself as Cathy. I told her my name. Once we finished our pleasantries, we left. Diane waved goodbye and said, "I'll see you guys later."

Cathy drove to her house, an old colonial and it sure looked inviting.

We got out and Cathy showed me where I would be sleeping. The room was small but I wasn't complaining.

It was getting late and Cathy fixed some tea and we chatted. I called my husband and told him where I was and that I hoped to be on the road in the morning. He told me to behave, as he knows me so well and then we hung up.

I thanked her for going out of her way to help me. She said it was no big deal and just said laughing, "You'll owe me a few." I then told her, "That's for sure."

It was time for bed and I told Cathy that I sleep in the nude and didn't bring night clothes. She smiled and said she sleeps in the nude too.

She said, "I only have one shower and it is in my master bedroom. You can shower there if you don't mind an audience." 

I looked at her and smiled and said, "I don't mind, if you don't mind."

Soon, I was in her bathroom, naked, ready to take my shower. I put the water on and as I stepped into the shower, I felt a hand touching me. It was a naked Cathy.

I was startled and asked her what she was doing. She smiled and said, "Well, you did say you owed me a few, didn't you?"

I smiled and told her she was right and we proceeded to shower together.

It actually felt nice having another woman touching me and it surprised me how much I enjoyed it. My husband is very good at lovemaking but this felt different. As she touched me, my mind started drifting to what would come next.

I took my turn in lathering her nakedness and I could see her nipples getting erect before my eyes.

I felt funny touching her but it felt right. Then, it happened, she started sucking my nipple. Suddenly, Cathy exclaimed, "I am getting milk from your tit. Oh my God! Can I suck it out?"

I looked at her and said, "You can but it would be more comfortable in your bed."

She agreed and we dried ourselves off quickly and we went to her bed.

I laid on my back and Cathy started sucking my nipple. Soon, my milk was flowing and she was drinking from my tit. When she finished one, she went to the other and drained that one dry.

She got up and asked if she could have Diane come over to enjoy the delicacy. I told her it would ok since I owed you both.

Diane managed to get there in the snow and quickly joined us. However, I told them it would be awhile before my tits were full again.

Now, I am not a lesbian nor have I been with many women but somehow, it seemed normal and ok.

As Cathy and I played together, Diane watched from the chair. 

I never felt so sexually excited without my husband but this new feeling was overwhelming.

Cathy mounted me and we started grinding our pussies together as we kissed. Our hands were all over each other's naked bodies. My juices were flowing down my thighs. I knew I was going to cum and started moaning and yelling for Cathy to make me cum.

In a few seconds, my female lover gave me orgasm after orgasm as my body arched up and quivered. I finally fell to the side, spent. The juices from my cunt pouring out of me. These were the most intensifying orgasms I ever had without a cock.

I rested a bit and when I did, Diane joined us on the bed with me in the middle.

By now, my tits were pretty full. I invited Cathy and Diane to each take a nipple and suck them dry.

I just laid on my back and enjoyed the sensation of my milk being sucked out of me. As my new best friends were sucking me, I heard a door open. I was startled but Cathy said that was her husband and called him in.

I was lost in pleasure and then I saw her husband come in. It was the trooper who helped me. He just stood there and watched with a smile on his face.

Then he said, "Ma'am, I see you are in good hands. This is better than being stranded in the snow, isn't it?"

I looked up at him and said, "I want to thank you for your help. If it weren't for you, who knows where I would have ended up. This is much better than being stranded somewhere."

Just then, my milk ran dry. As the girls licked their lips, I said to the trooper, "I would like to thank you personally, if it is ok with Cathy."

Cathy looked at me and her husband and nodded her approval.

I watched as he removed his clothes. His cock was already hard and erect. It must have been 9" and thick.

The two girls got off the bed and I spread my legs wide for what was going to happen.

He laid down besides me and his hands touched every part of my body. When he finished feeling me up, he mounted me and easily slipped his hard cock into my cunt.

When it was fully seated in me, he started fucking me slowly then picked up the pace and then I felt his warm cum shooting into my cunt as I bucked and lifted my body off of the bed in orgasms.

When he pulled out his cock, his cum oozed out of me and the girls ran over to lap it up and even got their tongues in my cunt to get his every drop.

That night, as the snow kept falling, the four of us fucked the night away until the early morning.

We woke up to the sounds of the plows. The roads were being plowed and I would be able to leave to get to my husband.

Cathy made coffee and asked if I could stay. I thought about it and told them I had to get to my husband. 

The two girls reminded me that I "owed" them. With that, I called my husband and told him that the roads were still bad and I would not be able to make it and that I was going to go back home as soon as possible. He said ok and be careful and we hung up.

I looked at the girls and Cathy's husband and said, "I guess I have to pay my debt to you two. So I guess I am staying."

Then I looked at Cathy's husband and said, "Do you think you could plow me?"

He looked at me and said, "Ma'am, I could plow all day, if you like."

I looked at him and said, "Can you plow now?" As I went to the bedroom...