 (This story is a continuation of "Lisa's Jeans Ch.01," and will make a semblance of sense if you read that one first. Enjoy!)

*

When I awoke, I was alone. The lights were still on and there was a pillow under my head. A couple of slow deep breaths helped to clear my sight.

I was laying on the floor, pants open, my deflated prick flopped over to one side. The sweat on my body had cooled and dried and I felt a little chilled. No idea how long I'd been out. 

I passed out. Holy shit. I had no frame of reference for this. Sure, I'd drunk my fill in times past and awakened with furry teeth and nasty tongue in a place I couldn't recognize, but sex? Passing out from a blow job? And where the hell was Lisa?

Thinking of her whereabouts recalled her heat, her willingness, the look in her eyes as the first spurt of my cum filled her mouth. Sitting up I found my sorry cock pulsing back to hardness. The entire experience strained credulity. Unconsciousness was not an option.

Had I not been thoroughly bested, this would have been funny. So many months of wanting her, carefully plotting the course, and we didn't even fuck. I made her cream her jeans and got a blow job in return, then fainted like an amateur. I thought about calling Lisa but couldn't imagine what to say, so I clambered gratefully into the shower to wash off the residue of our encounter and attempt to restore my dignity.

Thirty minutes later I lounged on the couch, sipping a cold beer while absently flipping the channels on the TV. It felt good to be clean and naked. I prefer to wear little or nothing when hanging around the house. I gave the phone a last look, and decided to let the business with Lisa wait until the morning. Remote in hand, I settled in to watch some bad television.

The ringer woke me from a light doze. I snatched up the receiver reflexively.

"Hello?" There was a brief pause, followed by a throaty chuckle.

"Did I wake you?"

"Lisa?"

"Mmm Hmm."

I sat up. "I was just dozing on the couch watching TV. What's up?" Innocuous question, unless you ask it of someone you passed out in front of.

"Nothing, really. Just lying here. Do you feel all right?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Why did you leave?" The money question. My ears were burning and I could feel a flush creeping across my face.

"Well, Eric, you looked so peaceful, down on the floor like that. I figured if it was that good, you ought to take a rest afterwards." I could hear the laughter in her voice. My embarrassment jumped a notch, and in response to her voice, my dick began to rise. Watching it twitch and slowly grow, I said:

"Imagine my surprise when I rejoin the world to find you gone and my pants open." She chuckled out loud. "I take it you got home ok?"

"Got home fine," Lisa replied. "When I got into my car, I turned on the overhead light. Guess what I saw?" 

"Tell me."

She paused. Then, "I looked down at the crotch of my jeans, and there was this big stain. Seeing that stain, after the things you said to me about soaking my pants, almost made me have another orgasm, right there, in my car." I was almost fully erect.

"What did you do after you got home?"

"Well," she drew out the word, "I laid down on my bed, and started thinking about tonight, about you, about the way you made me feel."

"How do you feel right now?" Longer pause this time.

"Not sure I can tell you that, exactly." The pitch of her voice had dropped.

"Tell me, Lisa." She let out a long, slow breath.

"I'm still wearing those jeans, they're still wet, and I've been so turned on for the last two hours." Her voice cracked. "So I'm lying on my bed, like I told you, but..." She trailed off. I let the silence stretch out, the ball of my thumb lightly stroking the underside of my cock.

"Tell me, Lisa," I whispered into the phone. Cradling the receiver in the hollow of my shoulder, my left hand trailed down past my right to gently cup my balls, rolling them between my fingers. The lightest touch can have the most intense effect. "Tell me, Lisa," I repeated.

"Oh shit," she moaned. "All right, OK, I'll tell you." Another pause.

"I'm waiting."

"I took off my top. There's a cotton cover on the bed, it's a little rough to the touch. I'm lying on my stomach, and the cotton is rubbing a little against my nipples." she sighed. "They're so fucking hard and sensitive. I loved how you pinched them and pulled them." The last came out as a whispered moan. Of its own accord, my left hand squeezed and tugged on my sack, while the other surrounded the hard shaft. 

"That isn't all you've been doing, is it Lisa." A flat statement.

"No."

"I didn't think so. You've been quite the nasty little slut since you left here. Your hot cunt must be absolutely dripping for those jeans to still be so wet."

"So wet," she panted into my ear.

"What precisely have you been thinking about that's kept you creaming so hard?"

"I, uh, I can't stop thinking about how you handled me, pushed up against the wall, the feel of your hard cock against my ass. The things you were saying, god! That just sent me off."

"And?"

"Well, there was this moment, when you pushed me to my knees while I was still cumming, and I couldn't control my hands well enough to unzip your pants..."

"Yes?"

"I could see how painfully hard you were, and I knew you were going to make me suck you off, and I was so ready, but I couldn't do it right, get it out, and you slapped my hand away and unzipped it yourself. My hand was still stinging and your big cock was sliding into my mouth, and I wanted you to take me, use me anyway you needed to at that moment."

My cock jumped in my hand, and I gripped it tighter, using strong strokes. She really had me going."Tell me what you are doing right now."

"I can't"

"You will."

She groaned, a long, drawn out, animal noise. It had been clear by her labored breathing that she wasn't lying still. In whispered, irregular pants she told me."I have some cushions from my couch." Another explosive breath. "I'm face down, my nipples grinding into the rough cotton, and, and, I'm...I'm straddling the cushions. Oh!"

I could hear more noise, a rhythmic grunting and the sound of movement, skin on cotton, hypnotic in its regularity. "Describe what you are doing with the cushions you're straddling."

"I'm pressing down on them...feels so good. When you put your fingers inside me, when you made me cum all over these jeans, and the crotch was so wet in the car, and when I got here I looked in the mirror...oh fuck! I could see the stain, plain as day..." Her words were coming in smaller groups as she humped the pillows. "I wanted to call you right away, but I thought I should wait...and I knew if I touched myself I'd cum, and I thought I should wait for you..."

I slid the palm of my hand in circles over the tip of my cock, smearing the precum lubricant around the head. Taking a very tight grip I began pumping my hips up off the couch, performing a slow fuck of my fist.

"Pull your jeans down, Lisa. just enough to allow you to straddle those cushions and grind your bare pussy on them." 

I heard the phone drop and a frantic rustle of movement. She came back on the line, breathing hard. "This is so nasty."

"You're what's nasty, Lisa, humping a stack of pillows, desperate to get off." I struggled to keep the strain out of my voice as I pumped my cock through the slick channel formed by my fist. "Now work that hot little ass of yours, back and forth. Rub that wet pussy down on those pillows."

Her pace was picking up. "unh...unh...unh..."

"Push your hand down there, between the cushions and your cunt."

"Yeah."

"I want you to put three fingers into that tight, wet box, and don't be gentle about it."

Her moans grew sharper, higher in pitch. "Oh my God that feels so good!"

"Hold that hand still and fuck your self down on it." My fist squeezed harder and the stroking of my cock was getting shorter and quicker. That familiar sensation of near numbness engulfed my prick and there was no way to slow down the sweet inevitable. "Ride those fingers, baby. I've got my hard cock fucking in and out of my fist."

"Oh...shit...fuck me...fuck me!..."

"That's my cock inside you, Lisa. Fuck it, fuck it good." My eyes were shut tight, and I was grunting with effort, my ass leaping off the couch to drive my cock forward.

"Oh!...oh!...oh! Fuck me Eric!" Rapid sounds of movement turned arrhythmic.

Gaining a hold of my voice before falling off the edge, I growled "I'm going to cum now, Lisa, cum inside your fucking pussy!" A last hard thrust and my cock lept in my fist, spurting strings of cum onto the couch, the floor, my hand. Through the loud thrumming in my ears I could hear incoherent screams and cries as Lisa thrashed through her orgasm, calling my name.

I clung to consciousness this time, but it was close. Lisa mumbled unintelligibly in a hoarse voice as she fought to catch her breath. I rubbed my cum soaked hand back and forth through my pubic hair, over my lower belly, wanting to be messy and sticky the way she undoubtedly was right now. Those poor cushions would have to be washed or thrown away, just like her jeans.

*

(Note: All criticism, especially of the constructive variety, is welcome!)