 My wife, Lisa, and I were relaxing by the pool when the phone rang. I picked it up and it was Lisa's best friend Laura. I gave the phone to Lisa.

I couldn't help but overhear some of the conversation and after about five minutes, Lisa hung up.

Lisa turned to me and said, "You are never going to believe this. Laura needs me to help her put on a fashion show at her house for next Saturday."

I said, "So, what's the big deal?"

Lisa responded, "She is putting on a lingerie show for well to do men and wants me to be a model."

I laughed and said, "So, you are used to be ogled and you aren't shy."

"Yeah, but I think she wants me only because of my being in porno and she can get more men there," Lisa fumed.

I told her to call her back and tell her you can't do it because of a conflict.

Lisa then told me she already cleared the date before she knew what was happening and now she can't get out of it.

I told her, "Look, you'll put on some see through lingerie, the guys will get a thrill, Laura will sell stuff and it will be over. Hell, you might even enjoy it."

Lisa looked at and said, "I guess you are right. It might be fun after all. You are coming, aren't you?"

I told her I would be there and maybe buy something as well.

We laughed and enjoyed the rest of the day.

Saturday came and Laura called Lisa and told her to be at her house at 7:00 to go over the details. Lisa said she would be there and hung up.

We had an early dinner and Lisa left to go over to Laura's. I told her I would be there at 7:30 as I had to run an errand first.

I got to Laura's at 7:20, rang the bell and Laura let me in.

Laura said that she was expecting about a dozen or so men to show up for the show and thanked me for letting Lisa participate.

Then Laura told me that Lisa was putting on one of the outfits and would be out shortly.

Laura said that Lisa will be changing into at least a dozen outfits that are going to sell from $100 to $500.

Laura rambled on that Lisa could pick out any two for herself for free. Laura said she expected to make some good money from this show.

By 8:30, men started arriving and by 9:00, there were at least 20 men sitting and standing waiting for the show to begin.

At 9:15 Laura greeted the men and made an announcement:

"First, I want to thank you all for coming. I am sure that by the end of the evening, you will be glad you came. I am also sure your wife, girlfriend, lover, mistress or good friend will thank you for buying her something exquisite."

"Now, let me explain the procedure. My model, Lisa, who you might recognize, will be your model for the evening. You can ask me any questions about the outfit she is wearing. You can feel the material. But, there will be no touching or feeling up of the model. Is that understood? If you do touch her, you will have to donate $100 to the model's fund. Agreed?

There was a muffled "Yes" from the men. 

Lisa called Laura to come to her and in a few minutes Laura came out.

Laura said, "I was just advised that if any man buys the outfit Lisa is actually wearing tonight, she will autograph it for $500 for you. She will put it aside and you can have it later on. Be advised, that the outfit autographed will be a one of a kind.

Laura thanked them again and called out Lisa.

My wife came out wearing a white, two piece outfit that didn't hide much.

Laura said the outfit cost $150 and comes in red and black. Lisa walked around so the men could feel the material.

Laura asked if there were any questions and when there were none, Lisa disappeared.

After about ten minutes, Lisa was called out again. This time she was wearing a black bustier and a matching g-string.

As she paraded around, Laura told them that this outfit cost $200 and is well worth it. She said it only comes in black. 

As Lisa paraded around, one of the men felt her ass. Lisa yelled out, "A $100 for the model's fund." Laura went over to collect. There were a couple of questions about sizes and Laura answered them and Lisa left.

Over the next hour or so, Lisa came out wearing more and more provocative outfits. With them came a few more feels and a few more bucks to her fund. 

It was obvious that Lisa was enjoying herself and making a few dollars as well. 

Laura announced that there were about three outfits left. 

Lisa came out this time wearing a soft leather, fringed halter top that just covered her nipples & matching g-string that barely covered her smooth pussy.

The men all applauded her as she strutted around. Laura said the price of the outfit (if you could call it an outfit) was $500. 

As Lisa walked around every guy felt the material (they really got to feel her smooth pussy and her tits) but Lisa didn't mind as she was just smiling.

Lisa left and there was a brief intermission. At this time the men who wanted to buy outfits came up to Laura and placed their orders and left. There were about ten men left for the rest of the show.

After the intermission, Lisa was called out. This time I was even shocked. Lisa came out wearing nothing but a black sheer g-string.

The few guys left really felt more than the material this time and Lisa let them. I even saw one guy slip his finger in her pussy but she just smiled.

Laura said that g-string cost $250.

Lisa interrupted and said, "If anyone buys this outfit that I am wearing, I will autograph it for you and I will take a picture with it on me with you for $1,000."

Lisa left and in ten minutes came out topless and wearing a red garter and a thin red pussy shield.

Laura said that this "outfit" cost $150 and will definitely put some spice in your life.

When Lisa came out for the last time, she was completely naked.

Laura started laughing and said that this outfit was free.

Lisa told the last few men that she enjoyed herself and thanked them for being so generous. She posed naked with the men and she let them feel her up.

She autographed the items that she was wearing for the buyers and collected the money she made for the model's fund.

Laura made a ton of money and thanked Lisa and even gave Lisa a huge bonus.

After everyone left, Laura made coffee for us and laughed that Lisa was still naked.

Lisa said she had a great time and would do it again. Then she said, "Hon, we should go. I am so fucking horny I could fuck you right now, even in front of Laura."

I started laughing and I heard Laura say, "Well, I sure wouldn't mind you guys giving me a show. I'm pretty horny myself. In fact, I would love to see why Lisa is so famous."

I looked at Laura, then I kissed Lisa as I felt her tit. Then Laura said, "Why don't we take this to my bedroom?"

Laura led the way and Lisa and I got on the bed. Lisa was so fucking hot, she practically ripped my clothes off. I saw Laura watching from the side.

My hands were all over Lisa and her legs were wrapped around mine. My hard cock looking for its treasure.

From the corner of my eye I saw Laura now naked, fingering herself as she watched us.

Lisa grabbed my cock and started jerking it. Then she moved down and wrapped her mouth around my cock and started sucking my cock.

Suddenly, she stopped and told me to fuck her. She got on her back and I quickly mounted her. My cock sliding in her wet cunt with ease.

I started ramming my cock in her cunt, faster and harder. She started moaning and with her legs spread wide, she yelled out, "Fuck me baby. Fuck me hard. I need you to cum in me now. Fuck me like the whore I am. Fuck me."

A few more thrusts and I shot my cum in her cunt. I thought my cum wouldn't stop but it finally did.

Lisa's body was still shaking from her orgasms.

Then I heard Laura, "Oh god, I'm cumming. Oh god." Then I saw her body shake and Juices flowing from her cunt.

I got up and led her to the bed. As soon as she laid down, Lisa was all over Laura. Their bodies pressed together. Their nipples erect and so hard they looked like they were going to burst out from their tits.

Then Lisa mounted Laura and they started grinding their pussies together. It didn't take long for them to both have orgasms again. Once their bodies relaxed, Lisa fell to the side, exhausted.

Finally, everyone calmed down. We all got dressed and Laura heated up some coffee.

As we had our coffee, Laura said, "Now I know why Lisa is so famous."

Lisa laughed and said, "Well Laura, I want to thank you for a perfect evening. By the way, if you ever want me to put on another show, let me know." As she gave Laura a wink.

Laura responded, "If your husband wasn't here, I would say we can have a matinee tonight." 

Lisa looked at me with a sly grin and said, "Hon, I am a little tired, I think I'll stay over with Laura and come home in the morning."

I looked at them and said, "Sure, you must be exhausted from that modeling tonight. I'll see you tomorrow." Then, I thanked Laura for a great night, gave her a kiss and whispered "She loves oral. Enjoy."

As I was leaving, I saw the two women walking back to Laura's bedroom.

I just smiled to myself and said, "Lisa is insatiable when it comes to sex. Thank god."