 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't already, read Lisa & her Sister, which is the prequel to this story.



At some point during the night, Lisa had come back to join me in her bed, but I didn't realize it until I awoke to find her sucking my cock. She didn't notice right away that I was awake, so I just watched and enjoyed the pleasurable sensation of her mouth sliding up and down my tool. She glanced up at one point and saw me watching, so she slipped my cock from her mouth but continued pumping it in her fist.

"You were right about being ready to go again in the morning," she said, "It woke up before you did, so I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not," I replied, "I take it you managed a few more orgasms last night."

"Yes, thank you," she confirmed, "but I could still use another one or two."

"Climb aboard," I suggested, "we'll see what I'm capable of."

She crawled up and straddled me while I eyeballed her naked body in the morning light, confirming that I wanted to continue fucking both her and Julia for as long as I could get away with it. As she guided my cock into her hot, wet pussy, I reached for her tits and caressed them, running my palms over her hard nipples. She was dripping wet and her pussy felt outstanding as it engulfed my throbbing tool. She started bouncing up and down so I released her tits and watched them bounce as I reached around to squeeze her ass. Somehow my attention was drawn briefly from her bouncing tits down to her trim, dark brown bush and it occurred to me that I could probably make her cum more quickly with some clitoral stimulation. I brought a hand around from her ass and started to lightly stroke her clit, causing her to gasp, then went right back to watching her bouncing tits.

I was pleasantly surprised by how quickly my additional stimulation paid off when, after just a minute or so, Lisa suddenly started to shake. I didn't stop stroking her clit, even when she opened her eyes and started gasping for air with a huge smile on her face. She kept riding me and I kept running my fingers over her clit until, after her pace had gradually increased, she dropped forward, supporting herself on her arms. My hand was caught between our abdomens and I couldn't really move my fingertips anymore, so I slipped it free and grabbed her ass again. While licking and sucking her nipples, I was pushing up into her each time she rocked backwards onto my cock.

When she suddenly seemed to go into slow motion and a major shudder passed through her body, I realized that she was already cumming again. I looked up from her swinging tits to watch an expression of sheer ecstasy on her face before she let out a long, ragged sigh. She opened her eyes and looked down at me, smiling, while continuing to slowly ride me.

"You want to stay where you are?" I asked, "Or would you like me on top or behind you?"

"Behind," she replied softly, then started to climb off of me.

She got on all-fours and I moved behind her on my knees, running my hands over her ass before guiding my cock back into her. She immediately dropped her face to the bed and reached back with one hand, I assumed to stroke her clit as I fucked her. I eased my full length into her hot, slippery pussy, holding her hips as my own hips touched her ass. I started to slowly fuck her, savoring the feel of her pussy along my shaft, though I did find myself taking a quick look around for a mirror. Her mirror was similar to Julia's but not set up in a way to reflect the action on her bed. I smiled as I recalled Julia's expression as she'd watched herself riding me and realized that this and the previous night were the first opportunities I'd ever had to think about one girl I'd fucked while fucking her sister.

As I was reaching forward to cup Lisa's swinging tits, she suddenly gasped and I could feel her body trembling as she came again. While caressing the soft smooth flesh of her tits and brushing my palms over her hard nipples, I was thinking that, at the pace she was setting, she might already be at ten orgasms and on her way to fifty. I continued to hump against her ass while fondling her tits and she appeared to continue stroking her clit in pursuit of the next one. When I started feeling the stirrings of my own orgasm, I straightened up and took her by the hips again. I wasn't fucking her faster, but was making sure to give her the full length of my shaft. I watched her ass jiggle each time my hips tapped against it but, the closer I got to cumming, the more I was thinking of fucking her tits again.

Before I'd decided to pull out and turn her over, Lisa gasped again and I felt a tremor pass through her. I was shaking my head and smiling, surprised that she appeared to be cumming with such ease even compared to the previous night. I didn't expect it to be a genetic trait, but I hoped to have similar success satisfying Julia if the plan for the evening worked out. When she'd finished cumming, I did pull out of her and have her turn over. She still looked dazed as I moved up to straddle her and, in fact, didn't bring her hands up to hold her tits together. I took them and held them together around my tool, starting to fuck them while also caressing her nipples. Her arms were still at her sides but I could feel some movement against my legs so I glanced back and, sure enough, she had one finger probing her pussy and one massaging her clit. I think I may have created a monster.

I returned my focus to my own pleasure, feeling the soft, smooth flesh of Lisa's tits not only against my cock but in my hands, as well. She wasn't watching my cock as it peeked out of her cleavage this time, as she had her eyes closed, but I was looking down at her milky globes and debating whether to cum in her mouth again. Since I had penetrated her pussy and her cleavage, I figured I ought to finish up in her hot mouth and, when I finally released her tits and moved up to do so, she seemed to be with me. She opened her eyes and her mouth while bringing her hands up from her pussy to my ass, then engulfed my cock. I moaned as she started voraciously sucking me off and immediately felt my orgasm continuing to build even faster than it had been.  I was bracing myself on her headboard while looking down at her inhaling my tool, which only added to the pleasure that I was feeling.

As my impending orgasm caused my cock to swell even more, Lisa remained on task and, when I exploded into her mouth with a grunt, she never wavered. She milked my cock until I was completely spent and, as I moved off of her, she started to sit up.

"I'd better go see if Julia is up yet," she said, grabbing a nightshirt from the back of her door and pulling it on. As she pulled her robe on over it, I figured I should probably get dressed myself. I managed to track down my clothes while she was out of the room and was dressed by the time she returned.

"Rob is awake and said Julia hadn't been downstairs, so it'd probably be a good idea if you guys were gone before she got up," she said.

"Oh sure," I said melodramatically, "now that you're done with me just throw me out."

"Who said I was done with you?" she asked, "My parents are gone tonight, too."

"You know," I said, "I wish you had told me that they were going to be gone sooner. I've got plans already for tonight."

"Crap!" she replied, "Really? Is it something you can change?"

"Afraid not," I told her, "but maybe Rob is free and he'll have our apartment to himself if your sister doesn't go out."

"Are you sure you don't mind me being with him?" she asked, as if I was just testing her loyalty.

"As long as I'm still your first choice and he is only a backup plan, I can live with it," I replied.

I leaned down to kiss her and caress her tit just to let her know that I was sincere, then we slipped downstairs where Rob was waiting. She didn't kiss him before we split and headed out to my car in the driveway.

"So how was fucking Lisa?" I asked once we were on the road.

"Holy crap," he replied, "those titties are outrageous and she loves to fuck, doesn't she?"

"You want a full night with her?" I asked before going on to explain what had happened between Julia and me during the night.

"So Julia is going to tell Lisa that she's not planning to go out tonight, Lisa already knows that I have plans, just not that they're with her big sister and all you have to do is call Lisa later and see if she wants to come hang out," I concluded.

"I'm getting hard just thinking about it," he replied.

"Keep it in your pants until tonight," I suggested.

So everything went according to plan and, when Lisa called late that afternoon to let Rob know that she was on her way, I waited about ten minutes, called Julia and took off. I probably passed Lisa on the highway going in the opposite direction but, even if she'd seen me, it wasn't likely to look suspicious and was better than passing her as she came out of her driveway. Rob knew to call us if something happened and Lisa headed home, but that seemed unlikely as well. I parked in the driveway and Julia was waiting for me at the back door wearing a sundress and looking very pretty. She let me into the kitchen and we were immediately in each other's arms. As I ran my hands down from her hips over her ass, I realized that she had no panties on under her sundress, which made my cock throb so I pulled her against it.

"Let's go to the living room," she said when we finally came up for air, "I want to do something that might seem a little weird."

"You want to reenact what you were watching last night?" I asked as she led me there, "That's not so weird."

"I just keep thinking about it so I want to re-associate it with you and me instead of them," she explained.

"Wow," I replied, grabbing her and pulling her against me again, "all this and brains, too."

We made out some more as I ran my hands over her ass and started thinking about what was under her sundress.

"You're not wearing anything under this, are you?" I finally asked.

"Nothing but freckles," she replied.

"Oh my God is that hot," I told her, "Would you let me take you out somewhere like that? Out in public?"

"Let's see how well you take care of me tonight first," she replied

"In the meantime, can I have you indulge me for just a couple of minutes right here in the house then?" I asked.

"That I can do," she replied.

I had her stand in the middle of the room as I sat on the couch.

"First," I said, "can you just show me your pussy."

She raised the front of her dress to expose her ginger bush. My cock was getting even harder.

"Now turn around and let me see your ass," I requested.

She did, holding the hem up above her ass. I moaned.

"Okay, finally," I said, "raise it up to your chin and let me see it all."

She did, exposing her pussy again as well as her tits.

"Thank you" I said, "but you may as well just take it completely off now before I burst out of my shorts."

"Show me how hard your cock is first," she replied. I opened my shorts and pushed them down along with my briefs, my rigid tool springing out. Her eyes were wide and so was her smile. As I kicked my shorts and underwear away, I also yanked off my shirt, leaving me sitting there naked. Good to her word, she raised her sundress over her head and slipped out of it. I moved to about where Rob had been sitting the previous night when we'd been watching them and Julia came over and straddled me. I guided my cock to her pussy and she eased herself down on it, both of us moaning as she engulfed my full length. She sat there for a moment with her eyes closed and a smile on her face, so I brought my hands to her tits and caressed the soft, smooth flesh and hard nipples. In the late afternoon light, I was better able to see just how many freckles she had been sporting beneath her sundress.

She slowly started to ride up and down on my tool and, in the interest of accuracy, I moved my hands around to her ass, just as Rob's had been on Lisa's. I was watching her tits bounce while caressing and squeezing her smooth cheeks and savoring the feeling of having my cock embedded in her hot pussy once again. When she leaned down to kiss me, I guessed that imitation had been replaced by re-association since I'd never seen Lisa kiss Rob. I was perfectly happy to have her tongue in my mouth, however, and returned the gesture. My hands alternated from her ass up to her tits as she rode me harder and faster while adjusting her position to one that was apparently the most stimulating.

The longer she rode me, the hotter and wetter her pussy became as she pursued her orgasm. I essentially just let her take control though I did push up into her each time she came down and, as her pace continued to increase, her ass was slapping against my thighs. She pulled her mouth from mine so that she could express herself verbally, if loud moaning can be considered verbal. As soon as she slammed herself down onto my tool and stopped moving, I felt the tremors passing through her as she came. Her orgasm was long and intense and, when she finally opened her eyes again, she was panting as she tried to catch her breath. She smiled at me as I caressed her tits while waiting to see what was next.

"I am going to kneel before you and suck your cock now," she finally revealed as she climbed off of my lap.

"Okay," I replied and she smiled at my compliant demeanor. Once in position, she took my still throbbing tool in her fist and stroked it while licking my balls. I leaned back and watched while occasionally running my fingers through her red hair. When she wrapped her lips around my tool and slid them down, I moaned and muttered encouragements while enjoying the visual of my cock disappearing into her hot mouth. She was pumping the base as she skillfully sucked my cock while her other hand gently caressed my balls. I knew there was no way that I'd be able to last very long under the stimulation she was providing me so I was relishing the pleasure that I was feeling, knowing that we had the entire night ahead of us.

She did manage to hold off my orgasm longer than I would have expected, which I appreciated, but my cock did ultimately begin to swell even more in anticipation of cumming. Julia remained committed even as I shot my load down her throat with a louder moan. She continued sucking me off until I was completely spent, then let my cock fall from her mouth and looked up at me inquisitively.

"Fan-fucking-tastic," I assured her before leaning down to take her face in my hands and kissing her. She climbed up onto the couch and we lay there, our naked flesh rubbing together, talking as we recharged for the next go-round.

"I have another request that might be a little weird," she said once it was becoming apparent that full recovery was imminent.

"Your last weird request was a smashing success," I replied, "and, since you have not denied any of my requests, it is doubtful that it would be weird enough that I'd deny it. Go ahead, elaborate."

"I have been playing piano for as long as I can remember," she explained, "and I've often wondered what it would be like to play naked with a hard cock inside me."

"That sounds hot, not weird," I assured her, "and I think I can supply you with a hard cock."

She reached down to find that I was already nearly fully rigid. She stroked my cock as we made out again and I caressed her ass.

"Shall we?" she asked and started to get up off the couch. I just lay there watching her and admiring her naked body as she grabbed a blanket from the back of the couch and started toward the hallway.

"I can't even begin to tell you how much I like seeing you naked in all of this daylight," I told her when she looked back to see if I was coming, "I could lay here all day just watching you walk around."

"That's very sweet," she replied, "but I need your cock in the other room right now."

She didn't start moving again until I was up, but I got the benefit of watching her ass all the way along the hallway in front of me. When I saw her spread the blanket over the glossy black piano bench, I realized that it was to keep me from leaving ass prints on it. I sat facing the piano and she turned and backed toward me. I grabbed her waist as I stared at her ass while she reached down to grasp my cock. Holding it steady, she lowered herself onto it and we both moaned as it filled her. Sitting on my lap, she started to play while I reached around to caress her tits.

She was a really talented pianist, even to my tin ear, so I was enjoying listening to her as much as I was enjoying fondling her. Once she really got going, she started to slowly bounce on my lap before changing to a tune that had more of a bouncy rhythm. When she was really moving up and down on my tool, I dropped a hand down and started to lightly caress her clit as she rode me. I could hear her moaning just a little over the music but I started to push up into her each time she came down along with the rhythm as well. I don't know how she stayed focused but I never heard her hit a wrong note and she played continuously the entire time we were fucking.

I think finding the right rhythm was key because our fucking got pretty frantic and intense the longer we went at it and we were in synch the entire time. I could hear Julia's moans getting louder even as her playing seemed to intensify and her pussy was definitely becoming wetter and more engorged. What was really incredible was that, when she did start to cum, she actually changed the tempo of her playing at the same time so that she was riding me slower. I felt her body shake and twitch and, when she'd apparently finished cumming, she played a coda and the final notes rang out as she sat down on my lap breathing hard. I just held onto her as she caught her breath then she started to get up, my cock slipping out of her.

"My legs are a little tired," she finally said, "Do you mind if I sit or lie down?"

I got up and had her lay on top of the blanket on the piano bench, her ass on the one edge and her head about hanging off the other. I lifted her legs up and hooked them over my arms, then guided my cock back into her hot, slippery pussy. As I started to fuck her, I leaned forward and gripped the sides of the piano bench. She reached her arms up around my neck, but I couldn't lean down far enough to kiss her, so we just looked into each other's eyes as I slid my cock in and out of her. Her pussy was still incredibly hot and slippery and, as I'd slipped back into her, I was grateful once again for the opportunity to fuck her. I had started out slowly, with long strokes, to fully enjoy the feel of her pussy on my entire length but I couldn't help picking up the pace as I felt my orgasm beginning to build.

Julia ended up reaching down to hold onto the bench so that she and the blanket didn't slide away as my hips bumped against the backs of her thighs. She was still looking at me but I was starting to close my eyes just due to the intense pleasure that I was feeling. As I got close to cumming, I slowed down and went back to long, full strokes just so I could savor the build-up. Finally, I exploded into her with a moan and filled her with my load. I continued to fuck her until I had nothing left, then straightened up and let her legs drop. She sat up and scooted backward so that I could also straddle the bench facing her. She laid her legs on top of mine so that we could move closer together and we kissed.
