 This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or download it. If this is illegal wherever you are reading this stop now.

* * * * *

It's another cold, snowy night in mid January. The trip home was going to take a long time in this weather. There's already 8 inches on the ground and no let up in sight. The weather station says it may not end until tomorrow afternoon. I guess the right thing to do is get a room at the motel. I make the call home to my wife. 

"I'm going to stay here overnight, sweetheart. The roads are just to bad for such a long drive." 

"I understand," she says. "Just be careful."

I check into the room. It's the usual standard for a motel, definitely not the comfort of home. How am I going to kill the evening? I wondered. Well, I guess dinner first, then maybe a few drinks at the bar and fall asleep to a movie on TV. That sounds good.

I'm sitting in the motel restaurant waiting for my dinner when I notice this extremely attractive young lady enter alone. What an incredibly beautiful girl I think to myself. The hostess seats her adjacent to my table. The whole time I just can't take my eyes off her. I just kept admiring her beautiful facial features and that shoulder length sandy blonde hair. Her eyes absolutely sparkled as she glanced my way. And her body was what every man dreams about. I guess she was about 5'5" tall. It was easy to see every curve of her body in that skintight dress. 

I scanned up her full length from those gorgeous smooth legs to her incredibly beautiful rounded behind. And those breasts straining behind that dress, I could only imagine how lovely they would be to touch. I watched after she got seated at the table next to mine and study the menu, then give the order to the waitress. I could hear her telling the waitress how she's stranded and can't get home because of the storm. Looks like most of the people here were in the same spot tonight. I still can't get over my attraction to her. 

After about 10 minutes our dinners arrive at the same time. The two waitresses somehow mixed up our orders. As we both simultaneously tell them the order is wrong, we overhear each other and exchange glances again. We finally wind up with the right meals and I ask if she would like to join me since we're both alone. She accepted and came over to my table introducing herself as Lisa.

We enjoyed our dinner chatting about the unfortunate snowstorm. She told me about her family. Then she got to hear about mine. The whole conversation made for a pleasant evening for both of us. After dinner I asked, "Would you like to have a drink with me at the bar?" Since it was still early she accepted. We grabbed a table at the lounge and continued our conversation over a glass of wine. After a while our chatting went back to our homelife as we talked about our spouses.

About an hour later, and a few more wines, I got rather bold and asked... "Lisa,... uhhhhhh...are you happy at home, ...I mean...do you make love with your husband allot?"

She hesitated to answer at first, but then she responded. 

"Well,...actually I'm...well... 

I wish we had a little more variety with sex,... I don't know,..... maybe I'm just getting a little curious from listening to some of my girlfriends. Some of them seem to have interesting lifestyles." 

"What exactly are you looking for," I asked. 

"I'm kind of embarrassed to say. I've...I've never talked this openly about sex to any one before," she answered. 

"Don't be shy about it. I'd like to hear your story and I'll tell you mine because I'm a little frustrated at home too." 

"Well, I've always had this fantasy. You probably will think I'm terrible and my fantasy is disgusting. My husband thinks it's disgusting. I mentioned it one time and never brought the subject up again. I've always wondered and fantasized about someone making love to my behind. I think about it so much that I'm at the point of playing with myself whenever I'm home alone."

"Are you talking about having... anal sex." I whispered across the table.

"Yes" she replied shyly and blushing in a whisper back.

"It's amazing, I add. My wife feels nearly the same as your husband. She doesn't want any part of me touching her rear end. I'll tell you one thing, if you were mine, I'd be making love to your cute rear end every night. You're a very beautiful young lady and you've got a great looking behind." 

I couldn't believe this conversation and definitely couldn't believe where it might wind up. There was a long silence as I made that remark about how attractive she was. I wondered to myself if perhaps she was thinking the same thing. Well, I'll give it shot I thought.

"Please don't get mad at me for asking, but since we're stranded here for the night, are you interested in going to my room for the evening?"

"What did you have in mind?" she asked.

"Actually, I would love to show you how I would make love to that beautiful body of yours. I want to make your fantasy and mine come true." 

She smiled and said, "I've never done anything like this before. My heart is pounding like crazy. I should say no,... but my body wants to say yes. I don't know what to do. I want to find out what it would be like. But,... 

"Then say yes," I answered.

There was a long silence as I stared into her eyes. Then...

"Okay, I'll go with you. You'll be gentle with me won't you?"

"I promise it will be a night you will never forget. Not only will I be gentle, but I plan to make passionate and seductive love to that beautiful rear end of yours. I want to make you to beg me for more."

We went to my room where we sat on the bed and just talked for awhile. Then I leaned over to her and gently placed a kiss on her lips. There was a tremendous passion in the kiss built up from the sexual talk we had engaged in. My hands began to roam her body, caressing her shoulders, down across her breasts lingering there to work my fingers in through the buttons of her dress and under her bra. Her tongue went deep in my mouth as I finished unbuttoning her dress and unsnapped her bra. I pulled the dress off her shoulders pulling it down to her waist.

Her breasts were a gorgeous sight standing there so full and with such soft nipples. I cupped then ever so gently in my hands feeling their delicate softness. Then I slowly moved my tongue to lick them, and tenderly suck her nipples into my mouth. I felt them gradually grow hard against my tongue. 

Lisa stood up to remove her dress slipping it off. Then she peeled her stockings off those perfect legs. As she did, I undressed and just looking at her beauty made my cock start growing. She reached for me grabbing my semi-hard shaft and started caressing it making me hard right away. Meanwhile, I stroked her well-proportioned rear end. 

"I want you to lay down on the bed and leave the rest to me." I instructed. "Just relax." 

Lisa stretched out on the bed face down. She was ready and willing, offering her body to me. I massaged her ass and legs for 10 minutes. She was still very tense. I could feel the tightness in her as I stroked over her rear end. 

"Just relax, baby." I'm not going to hurt you. I only want to see how much pleasure I can bring you" 

I could feel her ass begin to loosen up. Again I stroked up her legs, this time spreading her thighs apart. I ran my hand up her inner thighs as she began to accept my advances between her legs on her most private areas. I drew my hand all the way to her cunt and stopped. I slightly touched her slit and she moaned her approval. Already she was moist and I could feel the heat building in her body. Lisa was enjoying this now. I stroked across her ass again, then slid my hand quickly through her ass crack. 

She tightened only for a moment before allowing me to repeat the touching of the forbidden smoothness between her ass cheeks. I continued massaging and slightly squeezing the cheeks of her ass. As I ran my hand through her crack again, I stroked across her asshole. Her body shuddered in anticipation of what was to come when I crossed her tiny pucker. Then I ran one finger down her crack again pausing this time on her tight anal hole. With both hands I spread her cheeks apart to view her beautiful tight opening. 

"You're so beautiful," I told her. I put my finger right on her puckered little hole. I rubbed it around tracing the small crinkled opening and playing with tightness that kept me from entering."

"That feels so nice," she moaned. "oooooooh,... ooooooooh, it's so... good"

I kept playing with her hole and began kissing her rounded behind. I moved my other hand to her pussy seeing how wet and juicy she had become. Over and over I kissed her soft butt cheeks and occasionally gave a lick near her crack. Each time I licked, I went closer to her ass crack until finally my tongue was probing deeper and deeper into her crevice. 

"ooooh..., ooooooooh..., baby." What are you doing to me? Don't stop, don't stop," she moaned.

I laid down between her legs and gently spread her ass wide open with both hands. I put my tongue on her cunt. Her love juices were dripping down her thighs. "Oh, baby," she cried out. I methodically licked up through her slit devouring her fresh love nectar and continued in her crack until I was directly on her cute tiny asshole. I lapped at her bunghole, up and down, over and over and over. She was squirming on the bed so much now I had to hold her ass tight with both hands so I wouldn't lose contact with her delicious hole. I probed deeper with my tongue putting more pressure on her tight passage. I kept darting my tongue at the tightness trying to get her to open for me. I spread her cheeks as far as I could and buried my face between her cheeks planting a kiss on her puckered little anus. 

I sucked gently on her asshole repeatedly, driving her so insane I thought she was going to cum. Still holding her cheeks apart I worked two fingers up to her asshole and gently started prying her hole open a tiny bit. I thought Lisa would go nuts when I carefully exposed her hole and licked inside her open asshole getting my first taste of her virgin ass.

She was on the verge of orgasm... "oooooooh", "ooooooooh Don't stop", "Don't stop", "Put it in", "Put your finger in deeper."

"Not yet, baby," I replied.

I continued my lovemaking of Lisa's anus, licking her, probing inside and burying my tongue in her anal hole. I was totally consumed with ravishing this beautiful girl's asshole. I couldn't get enough as I licked and probed her butthole inserting my tongue deeper and deeper. She became crazed with passion bucking her hips wildly. And I was crazed licking her. I was out of control doing the nastiest to her asshole, I was tongue fucking this darling girl and I was going to make certain she felt me probing inside her. The sensation ripped through her body like never before as she continually cried out to me. 

"I love you."... "I love you." 

Her words moved me so deeply I tongued even harder, licking every inch of her crack and the delicate flesh inside her opened anal chute. She tasted so wonderful I couldn't stop myself. It didn't matter that I was tonguing her rectum, licking her forbidden hole, doing the dirtiest nastiest thing you could think of. Lisa was a goddess, the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and I wanted to pleasure her, fulfilling her fantasy and desires. I became lost in a deep lust fucking of her asshole with my tongue, forcing it deeper and deeper into her delicious behind. My lips touched her wide-open anus as my tongue squeezed into her ass. I formed my lips directly over her wide opening and gently sucked, while at the same time my tongue fucked in and out. 

Lisa cried out desperately in a wanton lust, "Ohhhhhhhhh!....... Ohhhhhhhhh... Yessss... Suck it. It's so good. Suck it. Yesss"... "Suck it. Oh My God... My God, baby Suck Meeeeeeeeee..."

I backed off with my mouth to resume my fingering of her back hole. Her anus was soaking wet from my tongue bath. Using one finger I pushed right into her backdoor feeling her hot anal entrance. I didn't want to insert my finger all the way, at least not yet. I just wanted to play with her asshole. 

"Go ahead, baby," she pleaded. "You can put it in. It's okay. I want you too. I want your finger in. Please!... Please!...baby."

Then, slowly, I pushed. My finger slipped in. "Ooh! Yesss," she moaned out. I pushed a little deeper, then started working it back and forth inside her ass. Her body was completely limp now. She was enjoying me finger fucking her asshole.

"Would you like a second finger in there, sweetheart?" 

"Yesss...,Yesss...., go ahead."

I pulled out a little, then worked in the second entry into her bunghole. I pushed a little harder and continued until both fingers were in as far as they would go. In and out I slid both fingers as her anal ring gripped them tight.

"That feels so good." she said. "Please don't stop. Keep doing that."

My fingers were gliding into Lisa's ass so easily. It was hard to believe she was an anal virgin. 

"How about something bigger in there, baby?" I asked.

"Oh! yes. Do it to me. Put it in me now," she begged.

"No," I teased. "I want you to tell me exactly what you want. I want to here you say it."

"I want you in my ass." she replied anxiously.

"You can do better than that." I replied. "You know what you want, Lisa. Now tell me. Tell me what you want me to do to you."

She was almost in tears begging me as I fingered her asshole harder, "Please...., baby. Please...! Please...!"

"C'mon,... tell me exactly what you want, Lisa." 

Finally she let go of all her innermost shyness and innocence and became a woman wanting only to fulfill a long awaited fantasy, to fulfill her most private dream, and to put out the fire that now burned inside her. 

"Fuck me in the ass," she cried out with a lust in her voice. "I want your big cock in my asshole. Please!"... "Please, Fuck my asshole." 

I felt kind of bad that I was making her beg for what we both wanted. I couldn't bear to hear her pleading anymore. I withdrew my fingers out of her ass and straddled her butt placing my cock right at her backdoor entrance. I could feel the heat in her ass on my cockhead. I worked the head around her puckered entrance until she relaxed her ass completely. She knew exactly what to do. Her rear end was totally loose awaiting my entrance. She was giving her most private hole unconditionally to me. 

"Come on, baby... Fuck me. Fuck my asshole. Shove it all the way in." 

I pushed and my cockhead slipped in easily. It was still hard to believe this was a virgin asshole. I continued to push until my cock reached the full depth within her ass. Her asshole literally gobbled my cock, swallowing every inch. "You wanted this badly, didn't you?" I asked. "Oh, God yes....yes," she panted back. My cock was rock hard feeling the extreme heat of her hot anal chute as I penetrated her. This lovely creature's ass was on fire with lust. She must have wanted a cock back here for a long long time. 

I started fucking her. My cock slid in and out of her virgin asshole so easily. Over and over her ass swallowed my cock into the deepness of her rectum. If only she knew how incredible my cock felt penetrating the warm soft flesh of her lovely behind. 

"Oh, Lisa,... your ass feels so good. You're so tight. Your asshole is so tight."

I fucked her ass harder and harder ramming her deep. My balls slapped against her ass cheeks as I drove in and out of her. It felt so good. 

Lisa cried out continually with pleasure, 

"Yes, baby. Fuck my asshole. Fuck my asshole." 

"It's so...good, baby So...good..." 

"Don't stop..." 

"That's it... Fuck my ass"... "Fuck it."

My cock continued in and out of the deepness of her rectum, as she shrieked her passionate cries. Her anal ring gripped me tight as I entered and re-entered her rectum. Her ass felt terrific. I never experienced any feeling like the tightness of her beautiful rounded ass. She was enjoying her virgin anal experience too. Her moaning was relentless, continuing non-stop as the pleasurable feeling of my cock riding in and out of her asshole rippled through her body.

"Fuck me harder, baby. Deeper... Fuck me, deeper..." 

"Ohhhhhhhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!..."

"Ohhhhhh... Fuck my asshole harder."

Over and over Lisa begged for more cock in her ass. She was becoming nearly animalistic with her pleading for me to fuck harder and deeper. All these years of her bottled up anal energy and lust and I had the honor of releasing it for her and experiencing it with her. She started pushing backwards with her butt trying for deeper penetration. I squatted up higher over her ass and started fucking Lisa harder, actually reaming her hole with my hard shaft. My entire cock disappeared over and over inside Lisa as I began stuffing her anal chute faster and faster, driving her deeper and deeper into a wild orgasmic frenzy. Lisa was moaning and crying out insanely her anal pleasure, as she turned from an innocent little lady to a lustfilled anal whore begging for more cock up her ass.

"You like it in the ass, don't you?" I asked.

"Yesss... Oh, yes..." She replied panting, literally relishing the pounding I was giving her.

"You're a nasty girl now,... aren't you?" I quietly whispered to her, my face next to hers as I hunched over her kneeling body.

"Yesssssss...Yessssssssss." She whimpered out.

"Does my cock feel good deep in your ass?" I demanded another answer while kissing the side of her face as she looked back over her shoulder hungrily trying to kiss back.

"Oh, God yes"...."fuck me"..."fuck me...fuck my asshole."

"Wanna be like a dirty little whore, baby?" Again I questioned her while I fucked and fucked her ass and smothered her in kisses while she moaned and grunted in ecstasy. 

"It's okay to be nasty, honey. Let yourself go." I reassured her.

"You want me to keep fucking your ass like a dirty whore, don't you?"

"Yessss.... Yessss..... I'm...I'm... a...a...wh...whore."

"Fuck me like a...wh..ore..."

"Oh, God...it feels so good..."

"Fuck me"..."fuck me"...oh please..."treat me like dirty whoorrrreeeeee...."

Panting and gasping her words out, she agreed with everything I said. For once in her life she was being nasty and dirty, doing what she fantasized about, making her dreams become reality.

"Do you want my cum in your mouth,... like a nasty little slut?"

..."And swallow my hot creamy sperm?"

"Yessssss... Yesssssss..." Her lust made her willing for anything, and then she was uncontrollably demanding it. 

"Let me... eat it."... "Cum in my mouth..."

"Cum in my mouth... I want your hot cum in my mouth..." 

"Gonna suck the taste of your ass off my cock?" I wanted to see how dirty she really wanted to be.

"Ohhhhhhh, yesss"..."Let me taste it"..."I want to taste it" 

"Oh, God...FUCK ME!... "FUCK ME!"

"Fuck my ass,... and cum in my mouth."

I knew she was close to her orgasm, she was responding to me like a cum hungry whore. And I was nearly ready to shoot my load. So I gave a couple long deep strokes into her ass. Each time I thrust in, she let out loud moan. The next time I buried my rock hard prick deep in her, I felt her asshole tighten around my cock. This was it. I pushed as deep and hard as I could holding her around the waist. Her orgasm rippled through her like none I've ever felt. She was out of control her body shaking, shuddering, trembling with pleasure. Her tightness and spasms was more than I could take too. My cock was ready, getting ready to explode.

I quickly pulled out and she turned to meet my bursting hot meat. Without hesitating Lisa gulped my cock into her mouth, uncaring that it had been in her ass for the past half hour. She sucked hungrily on my hot cock like a greedy slut, acting just like I told her to. But she didn't have to work hard. Almost immediately, my cock started throbbing and throbbing, over and over flooding her mouth with my hot thick sperm. She looked up staring into my eyes as I filled her mouth. My orgasm seemed endless as I watched that beautiful face, those gorgeous sweet lips wrapped around my cock taking my hot cream. I couldn't believe how much cum was in me. I could see some of my white spunk seeping out the corners of her mouth around my cock as I continued pumping my jism into her. 
