 Many thanks to richperk for his help and inspiration in writing this story!

*****

I'm Rich. I mean, my name is Rich. I have a good job in sales and my wife makes a good living as a nurse. We are comfortable, but by no means? rich? We do like to enjoy ourselves and we were looking forward to the Memorial Day weekend-the official beginning of summer.

A couple weeks before, I opened the pool for the season and by now the water was perfect. We would have a few friends over, grill on the patio, swim and have drinks in the hot tub. It was going to be nice.

The Tuesday before Memorial Day, I got an email from Dave, my old college roommate. He had recently been divorced and was traveling to be with his parents for the holiday but wondered if he could stay with Lisette and me on Friday and Saturday before continuing on the last 5 hours of the drive to be with his parents on Sunday and Monday.

I responded that I thought it would be fine but that I would check with Lisette and get back to him. That evening, I ran it past her to make sure it wouldn't be weird for her to have my former roommate stay with us (due to the fact that she and Dave had dated for a while in college). To my relief, she liked the idea of us spending time with him during our holiday.

*******

My name is Lisette. I am a nurse, which I love. I like helping people. My husband, Rich, is a wonderful husband and a great provider. We have a good life and I love my husband very much.

The Memorial Day weekend was coming up and I was looking forward to a relaxing time with Rich and our friends. I was shocked one night, the Tuesday before the big weekend, when Rich asked if his old college roommate, Dave, could stay with us Friday and Saturday. I have not seen Dave since our wedding. He and I had dated for a while before Rich and I got together. Sparks always flew between us and the sex was amazing, but after a few months I realized that Dave was not the right one for me to spend the rest of my life with. We just were not compatible outside the bedroom.

After Rich and I got together I tried to avoid Dave. The chemistry between us was too strong and I didn't want the temptation. I loved Rich too much for that. So while Rich and Dave had remained friends and kept in contact, I had avoided talking about him or even seeing pictures of him. When Rich asked if Dave could stay with us, I was curious. Rich told me that Dave had recently gotten divorced. I wondered what he looked like now. Was he still as attractive? Or did he have a receding hairline and a paunch? So many years had gone by that I decided the attraction I had felt for him in college must surely be gone by now. So I told Rich that it would be great to see Dave again and spend a couple of days catching up.

In the days that followed I worked to get our house ready for Dave, and for our other friends who would be swimming and grilling with us on Memorial Day. I really started to look forward to Dave's arrival. It had been too long and I had been silly to avoid him all this time. Finally, Friday arrived. Since I was not scheduled to work during the long weekend, I was busy putting the final touches on making our house presentable when I heard a car pull into the driveway. Rich was gone on a sales call, but would be back at any time. So I peeked out the window to see who it was. I saw a white BMW in the driveway that I did not recognize. Dave wasn't expected for a few more hours, so I didn't think it could be him.

Then I saw him get out of the car. It was Dave. And I suddenly realized that I had made a huge mistake in agreeing to let him stay with us. A mistake I hoped would not jeopardize my marriage.

*******

I pulled up to a nice contemporary home set off the road a bit. The mailbox showed 2002 Forrestwood Dr. I hoped it was the right house. As I pulled in, I saw a woman looking out a window. Could that be that Lisette? Her hair had gotten much longer than I remember, but as I came to a stop, I was sure it was her. I had stepped out of my car and was walking to the door when I noticed it was opening. She was there in the doorway and did she ever look good. Lisette had clearly taken good care of herself and looked more perfect than I remembered. 

Trying hard to avoid any awkwardness, I just jumped in with, "Hey there stranger!" 

She gushed, "Welcome, Dave! How was your drive?" 

"Good." I responded. "Gave me lots of time to think and gather my thoughts. I guess Rich told you about the divorce?" 

"Yes. I'm so sorry. Come on in. Do you need help with your luggage?" 

"I just have one bag. I'll get it."

With that, I turned to go back to my car. Lisette followed me and asked, "How are you doing?" 

Opening the trunk, I answered, "I'm ok. Really." 

I retrieved my bag, closed the trunk and followed Lisette back to the house. As she climbed the steps to the entry of her home, her perfect ass was 2 feet from my face. Dave is one lucky bastard. Lisette was gorgeous-not the 20-year-old girl I fell for in college-but so much more attractive now, with the curves and contours of a more mature woman. Why had I ever let her go?!?

Now inside her house, I could see other aspects of her, the furnishings and decorating were elegant and tasteful. The smell of her home was pleasantly inviting. Everything was clean and orderly and I was at ease immediately. She broke the silence, "Let me show you to your room." 

From the entry, I had a good view of the house. It was a large L-shaped single level home with high, vaulted ceilings in the great room straight ahead and the formal dining room to the right. Through the massive windows lining the back wall of the great room, I could see a beautiful back yard with patio, pool and meticulous landscaping. I would have to take a closer look later. Lisette led me out of the entry and down a hallway to the left. We passed an office and arrived at the guest bedroom.

"You're in here. Get settled and let me know if you need anything. Rich should be back anytime." With that, she gave me a smile, turned and hurried back down the hall.

I put a few things away and visited the attached bathroom and surveyed my surroundings. The room had curtains along one wall. Peeking behind them, I discovered a sliding glass door with a great view of a pool and yard. Stepping into the hallway, I looked right and saw a door at the end of the hall. That must be Rich and Lisette's room. Looking out the sliding glass door in the guest bedroom, I had noticed another, smaller patio off a room at the end of this wing of the L. Impressive. Dave and Lisette had built a lovely home with a pleasant and inviting atmosphere. I could stay here forever.

As I turned back to the left to go to the main part of the house, Rich was coming toward me with a big grin on his face. 

"Dude! I'm so glad you could stay with us." We guy-hugged and Rich said, "Sorry about Beth. I can't believe she was such a bitch to you." 

"I'm really relieved to be rid of her," I replied. "Don't get me wrong, I love her, but I cannot take her constant games and lying. For the past two years, she's fucked every man I know, except me. I never would have expected it, but she met a guy at work who seduced her. Yet, she had the choice and she made the wrong one. A.) She went along with this, and B.) She liked it. That was 3 years ago. We tried to fix things... She promised she loved me but that she wasn't sexually attracted to me like she was to that prick from work. It wasn't long before she was staying out late or disappearing for a day or two at a time. She really went off the deep end."

"Well that's all behind you now. As shitty as it is for me to say, you really can make a fresh start. No games, no worries, just life-on YOUR terms. Enjoy yourself, Dave. Lisette and I will do everything to make you comfortable. Your job is to just relax, be with people who love you and enjoy yourself. Got it?" 

"If you insist!" I replied. "It's really good to be here. Thank you." 

Rich punched me and said, "That's what friends are for, dude."

We then went to the other end of the house where Lisette was preparing a simple dinner for us. It smelled fantastic. How I had missed good, home-prepared food. In the past several years, Beth had not made a single meal for us, and my kitchen skills really sucked. Lisette's hair was up with a few wisps dangling in front of her ears. She had an apron on and was wearing little or no makeup but she had the face of an angel. She was the most exquisite thing I had ever seen.

*******

After showing Dave to his room I went to the kitchen to prepare dinner, my thoughts in turmoil. I couldn't believe that he was even more attractive now than he was in college! He'd grown from that boy I knew into a mature, handsome, successful man with chiseled features. It dawned on me that I was just as attracted to him now as I was back then. If not more so!

I put on my apron, and was in the middle of getting my long hair up and out of the way, when Rich came home. He came in, gave me a quick kiss, and said, "Dinner smells fantastic. Where's Dave? 

I replied, "In the guest bedroom," as Rich hurried down the hall. 

Since most of the dinner had been prepared earlier and was already in the oven, I went to work adding more to the side dishes. I had only prepared dinner for two, since Dave wasn't expected until later that night. I had just added another place setting to the table when Rich and Dave walked in. My heartbeat sped up as I looked at these two gorgeous men. Seeing Rich next to Dave made me realize how well Rich had aged as well. He did a great job of keeping himself physically fit. Both men were a delight to my senses! 

I noticed Dave giving me the once over and suddenly wished I had put on more makeup and had the time to make myself more presentable. Then I noticed the appreciative gleam in Dave's eyes and felt my nipples harden and my pussy get wet in response. This is not good. I need to keep my distance from him!

We caught up during dinner, and then reminisced about our college days. We laughed and talked as we ate. At the end of dinner we discussed our plans for tomorrow. We all agreed that we mostly wanted to swim and relax. Maybe go out to dinner and a movie later in the day. Then Rich said, "Hey! It's 9:00 already! I can't believe that we've been sitting here talking for two hours. How about we go for a swim before bedtime and then hit the sack?" 

Dave responded, "Sounds great to me! What about you, Lisette?" 

Since I had resolved earlier to keep my distance, I replied, "You two go ahead. I'm going to clean up the kitchen and get to bed. It's been a long day," 

Both men protested that I needed to join them, but gave in when I insisted. At that, they disappeared to change into their swimsuits.

As I stood at the kitchen window, doing dishes, Rich and Dave laughed and joked with each other as they swam. They both looked so good, with their hot upper bodies on display for me. I have always loved a chiseled, lean upper body on a man and both men fit that description. I imagined being sandwiched between the two gorgeous men, with each of them touching, squeezing and licking me, but quickly brushed that thought aside. Rich. I love Rich. Nothing can ever happen with Dave again. But the thought of it made me wet and horny. I decided I would give Rich a surprise when he came to bed later!

I quickly finished straightening up the kitchen, cracked open the door to the back and shouted to the guys, "I'm off to bed. Have fun!" 

Rich responded, "We're about done here and will be in shortly." 

I went to our bedroom to have a quick shower. I decided to surprise Rich with the red baby-doll teddy that I haven't worn in awhile. I carefully shaved around my pussy and my anus, leaving a landing strip, which I knew he loved. I got out, put lotion all over my body and applied a little bit of makeup. I put my hair up a little, wanting it to look slightly disheveled. Then, as I went into our walk-in closet to put on the red baby-doll lingerie, I heard Rich come in the bedroom and head straight for the bathroom. I quickly shut the closet door so he wouldn't see me. He turned the shower on and got right in, so I quickly went into the bedroom. 

After locking our bedroom door, I pulled the covers down and climbed onto the bed, kneeling in the middle, facing the bathroom doors so Rich would see me as soon as he came out. While waiting for him, I looked around our room. Our bed was a massive, king size sleigh bed. Ten feet from the foot of the bed was a sliding door leading to our own private patio. Because it was isolated and private we didn't feel the need for any window coverings for the sliding door. The patio led to the pool, but I could only see part of the deep end where the diving board was. The guest room had a much better view of the pool and the sliding door from that room was just around the corner from our patio. I could barely see a light shining out into the night from Dave's room. Thinking of Dave made my juices flow again. I came back to reality as Rich opened the bathroom door and walked into the room, with a towel around his hips.

I could see Rich's surprise when he saw me. I patted the bed next to me as I said, "Lay down right here." He quickly dropped his towel and obeyed my request, his cock leading the way. I knelt at his side so he could see my ass through the teddy, which I know he loves. My ass was in the air as I bent forward, softly grabbing his stiff cock, putting my mouth near it.

As I started to stroke the base of his thick cock with my hand, my tongue started to lick the underside. I tried to hold back my smile as his cock twitched and he moaned. I love sucking, licking and stroking Rich's cock. I love the feel of his cock inside my mouth as my tongue plays with it. I love to hear him moan as I bring him to the brink of release, only to stop and hear him plead, "A little more, baby, keep sucking. Please." As I did all these things to Rich, his hands were running through my hair, releasing the pins holding it up. 

I reached down and quickly slid off my thong as I moved up his glorious body, licking and sucking as I went. Finally, I reached his lips. We voraciously open-mouth kissed each other, tongues dueling, as I lay on top of him, feeling his stiff cock between my ass cheeks. I couldn't wait any longer to have him inside me. I needed him there, filling me up. A part of me. 

I broke our kiss and sat up, moving my ass a little higher so I could engulf Rich's cock with my pussy. As his cock slowly slid inside me, I closed my eyes in pleasure, lifting my face to the ceiling as I arched my back. I moaned. It felt so good. As I started to move up and down on his cock, Rich slid his hands under the sheer baby doll teddy and kneaded my hips and ass, encouraging me to move faster. 

As I moved faster, I realized how much I wanted, no, needed him to suck my tits. I pulled the straps down to expose my breasts to Rich's gaze. I leaned forward and he latched on to my left nipple, sucking it into his mouth as his left hand moved from kneading my hip to kneading my right breast. I moaned loudly and sighed, "Oh yeah. Like that. It feels so good." His mouth moved to my right breast as I moved up and down faster on his magnificent cock. I felt him pounding my cervix as I inched closer toward orgasm.

I realized that Dave might be hearing us through the wall, and the thought of that made me move even faster. "Fuck me, Rich. Cum inside me. I need you to fill me with your cum." We both moved even faster as the need built deep inside me. I was so close. As I felt Rich's cock move in and out I imagined watching his cum shoot deep inside me and I tumbled into release. "Oh. OH. OHHHHHHHH YEEEEEESSSSS!!" I shouted as my pussy clenched Rich's cock. I felt him stiffen under me as he thrust his cock even deeper, shouting my name as he drenched my pussy with his seed. I collapsed on top of him in fatigue, feeling the sweat on both our bodies as our hearts beat together in a fast rhythm.

As I got off Rich to go to the bathroom to clean up, I thought I saw movement out on the patio and went to the sliding glass door and peered out. Nope. Nothing there. Not even a light from the guest bedroom. I guess Dave had gone to sleep. I shrugged my shoulders and continued on into the bathroom to clean up.