 I had been at this bar many times, and the guys were always the same. I had the reputation for being untouchable, and every guy would try to touch me. It's not that I would fight them off, break any fingers or anything. It's just, I might dance with them, talk with them, but I would never really do anything with them. So that's what I was. I was a challenge, and that's how most guys spent their nights. Trying to get me. 

It was on one of these nights I sat at the bar, my long legs crossed over each other, black heels dangling off my toes, my little black dress hugging me in all the right ways. When I had walked in that night, I could feel a difference in the air, a difference in the atmosphere. It all felt familiar.

"The guy at the end of the bar would like to buy you another drink," the bartender said to me. I looked down the bar, and saw a cute guy smiling at me. I smiled back at him, and lifted my drink to him in greeting. I looked down at the counter, and I knew he was getting up from his stool, his friends around him wishing him luck, for they all knew my reputation preceded me.

"Hey," He said while leaning against the counter.

"Hi," I said while smiling, "Thank you for the drink."

"Not a problem. I'd rather spend the money on a good looking girl rather than anyone else."

I chuckled a little bit, and shook my head a little in a way he wouldn't see. I'd heard the same line before. Maybe not the same words, but variations of the same one. It got old quick, but I wouldn't let him know that.

"Would you like to dance?" He asked me after a while, motioning towards the dance floor. 

"That's sweet," I said to him, "But I'm not in the mood to dance. It was nice of you to offer." I pause a little, take a drink of my apple martini and say, "But if I want to dance, I'll let you know." And that was his queue to walk away, which, thank god, he did.

I don't particularly like having to tell people to leave me alone, so at times, I just look interested. I'm good friends with the bartender, so if it gets too bad, he'll help me out. But so far on this night, I didn't need his help.

I was sitting at the bar when I felt the atmosphere shift. It all felt familiar, a good familiar. I took a sip of my drink and looked around. Either someone I knew, and wanted, was around, or the alcohol was taking effect. So far, I didn't see anyone, so it must have been the alcohol. I turned back to the bar, and set my glass down on a thick napkin, fingering the edges of the thick paper cloth. 

"Looking for someone?" the bartender, Sam, asked me.

"Not really," I say, shaking my head a little.

"Hmm," Sam said, "You think someone you know is here?"

"Feels like it, but I don't see anyone, so maybe I'm imagining it all." Sam shrugs and walks to the other end of the bar. And then that's when I felt it again. But stronger.

I could feel the hair on the back of my neck stand up. I felt as thought I was being watched, but not in a bad way. In a good way. That way you feel when you're standing across the room from someone, and you look at them, and they look you up and down, and make you feel sexier about yourself. That's how I felt at that moment. And there had only been one man in my life who could do that to me, without me seeing him.

I feel fingers brush my hair off my neck, breath make a tingle go down my spine, and kisses that make my heart beat faster.

"Hello Antonio," I say and look at the back wall over the rim of my drink.

"Hmm, haven't forgotten me, I see," You say into my neck, sending a shiver down my spine.

"Haven't forgotten your touch either," I say, swiveling around on my bar stool and smiling up at him, "It's been a while."

"It has been," you say to me, leaning on the bar.

I can't remember the last time I had been this close to you. You smell so good, like you always did. Your body emanated a warm sensual scent that always made me swoon over you, and still does now. I close my eyes, breathe in deeply and smile.

"How've you been?" You ask me.

"Good," I open my eyes slowly, giving you a look I know shows how much I want you, "How about yourself?"

"Could be better," You say, looking down at me.

"What do you mean?" I ask. I can see the guys at the end of the bar watch you in envy. I can hear them ask themselves, has he gotten the untouchable?

"Well," You say, your fingers softly running down my cheek. You caress my face and slowly run your fingers down my neck then you pull me towards you, "I could make it better right now."

You pull me towards you and my breath catches in my chest. Your lips are then on mine, practically taking my breath away and almost making my heart pound through my chest. The butterflies started in the bottom of my stomach, a rekindling of long lost feelings, but ones never forgotten.

I start to purr as the butterflies rise, and your soft lips leave mine. I slowly open my eyes and look up at you.

"Why'd you stop?" I ask you, and love it as I watch you smile and see you come back down.

I feel your lips on mine again. They're soft, warm, and perfect. First, your kisses are light and tentative, but slowly I feel you lose control and I can tell you're hungry for more than just a kiss. I kiss you hard back, and that's when I can tell and feel that you've lost all your control. You push me away slightly and the look in your eyes burns into me. 

"It's been far too long," You say to me, slowly regaining your composure.

"I agree," I say, and take the last drink of my apple martini. I motion for Sam and ask for a vanilla rum and coke. No less than 30 seconds later, my new drink was in my fingertips, sweating in the heat, making me wish to do the same under your fingertips.

"Are you still working in that hell hole?" You ask me.

"Nope," I take a sip of my drink, drops of water falling off the glass, "I'm a copy editor for the newspaper." You reach up and brush some hair off my face, and tuck extra strands behind my ear.

"Are you still married?" I then ask you.

"Yeah, I am."

"Why? You're not with her anymore. Why are you still married?"

"Well," You say, "This past year an a half I've been a little lonely. I needed someone. She was just convenient I guess."

"Uh huh," I say in disbelief, "You needed someone."

"Well, the someone I had stopped talking to me. But luck's turned around for me. I got to talk to her tonight. And man," You look me up and down, "is she looking better than before."

I roll my eyes at you, but I'm still flattered. You had a way of doing that to me.

"Want to dance?" You ask me, motioning much the same as the other man did earlier that night. But this time, I said yes.

"I'd love to."

You followed me onto the dance floor, your hand on the small of my back. Salsa music had just started playing, some people left the dance floor, but I walked on confidently. I'd taken some classes, and this was one thing I knew you didn't know about me. It was time I surprised you this night.

We got into our places. I let you tell me where to go, so you'd think I didn't know what was going on. We both found the beat at the same time, and you began to lead. The music sped up as did our steps. I was in perfect step, in sync with you ever time. You lead me into more complicated steps and turns, and I'm with you the whole time.

The dance ends and you dip me, your breath is shaky. You didn't think I could move like that. A lot of things have changed in the past year and a half. You lean down and kiss me, I can tell you're about to lose control, and that if we don't get out of here, we might not be allowed back in.

"Come on," I say to you, "Let's get out of here."

We go back to the bar where I grab my purse from behind the bar, down the rest of my rum and coke, and we head out the door.

"How much have you had to drink tonight?" You ask me.

"Two apple martini's and that rum and coke. Why?"

"Because you're not driving anywhere," You say, and with a hand on the small of me back, you direct me towards your car, "And besides, I wanted a reason to drive you to my place."

You opened the passenger door for me, and waited until I climbed in. Before I sat in the seat, I turned around and looked at you expectantly. You chuckle to yourself and lean in and give me a kiss. A hungry kiss. A kiss that made me want you more than I had ever wanted you. A year and a half ago, our liaison was immature, but this time around, we were both older, both more mature, more confident in our abilities.

I sit down in the car seat, and you close the door and walk around the car. I watch you as you walk around, knowing I've had you before, and knowing I'm going to have you again, gets me all excited and anxious to have you again. I can remember running my hands up your chest, your ebony skin contrast with my ivory. I remember the softness of your skin beneath my fingertips, the way you felt inside of me.

I wiggled in my seat, wishing your hands were upon me. But the time wasn't right. Not yet. You climbed in the drivers seat and looked over at me. I could tell just by the fire in your eyes you were thinking the same thing. You were wanting what we had back then.

The drive was quiet and quick. You sped most of the way. Your house was only 15 minutes away. But those 15 minutes felt like a lifetime in anticipation. When you pulled into your driveway, you quickly turned the car off, unbuckled, and reached over, kissing me with lust.

"Lets get inside before I totally lose it," I say to you, unbuckling.

"I second that," You say and open your door.

I walk with you to your front door. It's two in the morning, and no one's outside. I can see my breath in the air, and I'm starting to get cold in my little black dress. But I don't worry about it. Soon enough I'll be warmed up.

You finally get the door unlocked, and you motion me to enter. You quickly walk in behind me, and before I can do or say anything, your lips are on mine, keeping any and all words I had in me. My head is in your hands, and your kiss is full of lust. You wrap your arms around me, your hands touching me in places that only you know can please me.

"God I need you," You say to me breathlessly.

"Then take me," I say back. And like a knight in shining armor, you pick me up, and carry me to your bedroom. 

You kick your shoes off as you walk down the hallway, my heels bounce off my toes and hit the floor with a thud. You set me on your bed and crawled up over me, keeping a slight distance between us. You kissed me hard on the lips, and trailed kisses down my neck, to my shoulders, and to my chest, where my breath was coming in fast. 

You move your hands down my body, caressing me. You push my dress up my legs, your fingers tickling up my thighs. You run your hands down my legs and shake your head.

"I can't believe this," You say.

"Can't believe what?"

"A year and a half ago you looked good. Better than good. Back then, you could look at me and make me want you," You kiss your way up my legs between words, "But now, god, your body is magnificent. Tonight, I could feel you in the bar. I knew you were there. And that made me want you so bad." You kiss the top of my breasts and pull the straps of my dress down so you can kiss the rest of me not covered by the bulk of my dress.

I gently push you off of me, and stand in front of you as you sit on the edge of your bed. I reach behind myself and slowly unzip my dress. It falls off my body and lands around my feet. I step out barefooted in my delicate bra and panties, lacy and black. I can see a shiver of wanting run through your body, and know that I feel the same about you.

I walk towards you, my long legs carrying me slowly across the space. I watch as your eyes travel down my body, from my ample breasts, across my flat stomach and down my long legs. I leaned down and kissed you softly on the lips, my body aching to be yours, but I held myself back. I pushed you back on your bed and straddled you. I unbuttoned your shirt and ran my hands up your chest, loving the feel of your skin beneath my fingertips.

You run your hands up my body and kiss me back, and I can tell you're losing control. I can feel the hunger building in your kisses again, the roughness in your touch while you burn to have me. 

"I can't take this anymore," You say, flipping me over, and towering over me, "I've to have you. Now." You slip your thumbs into my panties and slide them down my body. You toss them behind you and then go for the bra. You make me sit up so you can unclasp it, and when you push me back down, you slip it from my shoulders and away from my body.

You kiss me from head to toe. You nibble my flesh, leaving small marks. You kiss your way down my body, stopping only now and then to make me shiver with pleasure in spots only you know about. You shuck your shirt to the ground, unbutton your pants, and push everything to the floor. Soon, you're in front of me, in all of your bare glory. 

You stand back and allow me to look at you. You look even better than you did before. I look at you through my lashes, and motion for you to come to me. You crawl on top of me, poised at my entrance. I'm giddy with anticipation. My body starts to shiver. I need you inside of me.

"Please," I moan into your ear, "I need you."

I hear you stifle a moan as you push into me, filling me. I pull in a quick breath. It's pure ecstasy. I can't remember the last time I felt like this when I wasn't with you.

You thrust deep into me, making me cry out in pleasure. You pull almost all the way out, and push back into me. Over and over. My back arches, and I can't get enough of you. I hook my legs behind you, keeping you from moving. You fill me entirely, and I love the feeling of you inside of me.

You rock back and forth on top of me, not moving from inside of me, but making every movement intensify the sensations running through my body. Before you can move again, I contract the muscles inside of me, surprising you, making you moan in pleasure.

You rake your teeth across my skin, making my body tingle where ever you touch me. My mind becomes fuzzy, and I can't think, and I can't control my muscles that hold you tight. I release my hold, and you begin thrusting deep into me again, making my body quake. You take your time, making each thrust agonizing pleasure. 

"Please," I am barely able to whisper into your ear, "harder."

You moan as I nibble on your ear. I know how it drives you wild when I whisper in your ear. That's why I did it. I love it when you make your little noises.

You try your best to do as I ask, but I can tell you're close. Your breathing is shallow, ragged. Tremors are running through your body. I bring your face to mine and I kiss you strongly on the lips. I move to whisper into your ear, nipping at your earlobe.

"Cum for me," I whisper.

You moan and push deep into me. I can feel your cum fill me, warming me from the inside out. Pushing me over the edge, I climax with you, my muscles relaxing and contracting, the room fading and the only thing is you.

I hum out of happiness as I kiss your shoulders, neck and chest. I stroke your back as you stay on top of me, still inside of me.

"I've missed that," I say as I begin to caress your shoulders.

"I have too," You say as you pull out of me. You kiss my eyes, nose and both cheeks. You get up and out of bed and head to the bathroom to clean yourself. Taking our old queue, I get up from your bed as well, getting into the routine from years ago. Like it was fresh in my mind, I got up and slid back into my little black dress. I pick up anything that's mine and leave your room for my shoes. I walk back into your room, shoes in hand along with my bra and panties, my little black dress hugging all my naked curves. I see you lying in your bed, the bed I used to compare to heaven.

You give me a thoughtful glance and say, "This bed would be better with you in it," You shrug, "But I guess I've got enough heaven as it is."

I smile at you. A smile that only you know how to bring out. I saunter back over to you and drop everything with a thud. I slip off my little black dress and leave it on the floor. I crawl into your bed and lay in your arms. Pressing my ear to your chest, I did something I had never done before the little black dress. I listened to the steady beat of your heart.