 Two days ago, I had the best experience of my life, all thanks to my dear college friend Sarah. We hadn't hung out in a few days, so I figured it would be a good time to pay a visit. I headed to her place, we had the usual plan—Weed, music, and shooting the shit for the night. We weren't ever involved—she had a boyfriend the whole time I've known her, and she started to become a bit of a sister figure. 

I knew the gate code for her apartment, so I let myself in, as I had many a time before. I took the elevator up, and stumbled onto a fight. 

"Fuck you!" yelled Sarah, just outside her door, tears streaming from her eyes. Her boyfriend—the douche—was walking down the hallway.

"Fuck you too!" he yelled, just as loud. 

"Fuck you!" she yelled again, this time, even louder. A couple of people poked heads out of their doors to see what was going on. Her boyfriend, probably ex by now, simply flipped her off, and slammed into me as he passed, for good measure. We never did like each other. I shrugged, didn't feel like getting into it with a scene already going down, so I just continued down to hall to my friend, who by now had sunk onto the floor, sobbing. I stooped down and put her arm around my shoulder, and ushered her back inside to her apartment. 

Her brown hair was a mess, and her matching eyes were red from crying. She had a gorgeous tan and beautiful full lips. Her makeup was running from the tears. I have to admit, though, even if you painted her in that moment, she'd still be beautiful. 

She continued to sob. And sob. She bawled a bit too. I tossed my backpack to her when she finally took her face out of her hands. She knew where to find my pipe and weed. She put it on the table and sheepishly indicated a joint on the table.

"Smoke," I said, with a smile. "You need it. Wanna talk about it?" I said, moving into the kitchen. A portion of the wall was cut out into something of a frame, so we could continue the conversation as I fished her refrigerator for beer. I pulled out four bottles and returned to the table, opening two. She took a deep drag and sighed, lying down on the couch. I pulled a chair up, and we talked, just casually, nothing heavy. Her good mood finally came back after about three hours, four beers, and however many bowls and joints we managed to smoke in that time.

"So, how was it?" She asked. I'd transitioned to the couch when she sat up a while back.

I could only smile in response. Her face brightened to.

"Yeah? Good?"

"Very. We're going to meet up again."

"Mike! That's great!" She was beaming now. "So, what'd you guys do?"

"Met up Dolores, did the usual stuff there and headed back to my place for pizza."

She gave me a furtive glance.

"She wanted veggie pizza," I shrugged. "We had to bake it, though."

She nodded. "Romantic," she said, with a slight dramatic roll of her eyes. All in fun, though, she was still smiling.

"So... Who's idea was it to go to your place?" she said, now mischevious.

"We had to bake the pizza somehow."

"M-hm." She wasn't impressed. She wanted more story. "And what else did you do?"

"Smoked, drank, ate."

"Ugh, come on Mike! It's killing me, I've been trying for two days to get a story out of her, and she keeps telling me to ask you!"

I blushed a bit. Well, we were both adults, it wasn't like she'd be too shocked.

"Errr... She's a fiery girl," I said, trying to take the high road. 

She got a mischevious gleam in her eye. The teasing begun.

"She work the shaft?" She couldn't finish saying it before giggling. "Jump on the pogo stick, hmm?"

I burst into a gigglefit myself, high, and on the road to drunkenness.

"Jazz the glass? Shoot the pearl?"

"Is that surfing?"

"Plant the seed? Ride the racecar?"

"Racecar? What the fuck, Sarah?" 

We both lost it. Neither of us regained composure for at least ten minutes, tears streaming down both of our faces, sides splitting.

"We didn't... Have sex."

"No?"

"Not an inch of penetration."

"Bullshit!"

"She's a virgin, unless she's lying."

"So... You haven't touched her?"

"Well, kinda."

"Finger her?"

"No."

"Touch her tits?"

I shrugged.

"Ass?"

Again, shrugged.

"No. Well, we held hands?"

"Aww, how adorable," she said, taking a drink from her beer.

"Well, she did suck my cock, though."

She almost spit out her beer, but choked it down.

"Spill. I want all the details."

So I gave them to her. Every single raunchy detail. Even she was blushing after, and had changed positions a few times throughout the story.

"Wow," she said, almost in a whisper.

"Shit, well, I need to get to BART," I said, hearing a bus go by. 

"No you don't," she said, pointing at the clock. It was 1:30 AM. Bart stopped around 12.

"Oh, fuck," I grumbled.

"You can stay here, you know. It's not like I have a boyfriend to complain," she said, obviously still sour.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"Bed time?" She said, standing. I got comfortable on the couch.

"Sure," I said, smiling. She did some quick organizing around the apartment before bidding goodnight and going into her room. I wasn't going to be asleep for a while. I packed another bowl and relaxed on the couch. Halfway through, Sarah came out.

"Hey Mike?"

"What's up? Am I being too noisy?"

"No, no... I was just wondering. Would you be comfortable sleeping in here with me? It's nice to have someone on the other side of the bed, you know?" 

She and her ex had been together for a couple years. I kinda knew what she meant.

"Yeah, sure," I said, rising. 

I walked into her room, and she was already in bed, though she was wearing a sweater. Her place got cold at night.

"Could you take your pants off? I mean, would you be okay with that?"

"What?"

"It just helps keep the sheets clean," she said.

She was a bit of neat freak. Remember what I said about Berkeleyians? Strange.

"I guess," I said. It was dark after all, and I was wearing boxers. I took of my pants and laid them next to the bed, and sat down under the covers, taking another hit. I passed it to her.

"You know," I started. "I feel kinda like an old man."

She blew smoke. "An old man?"

"I'm sitting up, smoking, in my boxers and socks. You should be knitting and maybe wearing a nightgown or something. With blue hair."

"I'm not even blonde!"

We shared a laugh, the slid deeper under the covers, weed taking effect, and fatigue of the day setting in.

"Was she really good?" Asked Sarah.

"Hunh?" I grunted.

"Was she good when blew you?"

"Ummm... Yeah er... Yeah, I guess"

"Hmmm. Wow, though, I'm surprised she's a virgin... How're you gonna handle that?"

"What do you mean?"

"How many people have you had sex with?"

"What?"

"Just answer," she said, her voice was casual. Disarming.

"Umm. 2?"

"Really?" she sat back up.

"Oh, boy."

"No, it's okay, just... How many times?"

"I'm not sure right now, but somewhere between 3 and 5?"

Well, she wasn't giggling. It did sound pathetic hearing it, though. That, with the weed, made the next few moments feel like an eternity.

"Mike?"

"Huh?"

"Come closer?"

She started to lie down again. I slide further into the bed.

"Cuddle? Please?"

I slid in a little closer and put my arm around her. She nestled in and relaxed.

"I guess you're gonna miss cuddling with him?"

"We never did."

"Oh.. I'm sorry."

"It's okay."

Another silence filled the room.

"So, when you did have sex... How was it?"

I thought about it. That was my first mistake. My cock began to slowly writhe to life. I pulled away from her a bit, still with my arm around her. She pushed back, pressing herself into me.

"Ehh... I enjoyed it... It was always kinda rushed. We never had a place to do it then," I said, chuckling.

Sarah giggled and shifted again. Once again, she was pressed against him. She still smelled like candy from perfume she'd put on hours ago. She kept moving, trying to get comfortable. I managed to break away long enough to—And very slickly, might I add—Pull my cock up to the waistband, so I wouldn't be jabbing her in the back. That was my second mistake. When she finally settled, my cock was nestled right between her ass cheeks. She did a lot of yoga, and trust me, I could tell. She pressed into me hard, with all of her body, but her butt made its own special movements. She was grinding now, up and down, slowly, on my cock. Somehow, I managed to tear myself away from her. 

"Um... What about Kelly?"

Sarah turned around. 

"How many times have you seen her?"

"Err. One?"

She giggled softly. "You should probably get a couple more dates under your belt before you declare yourself off-limits. You're not 'going steady' yet, Mike." she said, coming in closer, her hand was moving up and down the side of my body. She reached for the hole in my boxers and pulled my throbbing cock out. She reached over to her nightstand and opened some scented lotion and started working my cock. It wasn't a full-on handjob, it was like gentle stimulation. It was euphoric. 

"What do you like?" She asked.

"Wh-what do you mean?" Damn, her hands were good.

"What really gets you off?"

"Ummm... I... I dunno."

"What were you gonna tell Kelly if she asked?"

Her hand never stopped moving. She could have asked me to sign my life over to her and I'd have said yes.

"I... Dunno."

"Well, we should find out, huh?"

Her fisted hand was at the top of my cock, her thumb spreading precum all over my pulsing head. She began to kiss my neck, and slowly made her way down to my chest. I'd never had a girl suck on my nipples before, but damn, it was good. I groaned as her intensity increased, the bed was getting warmer. She pulled back, only to take off the sweater. Underneath she was wearing a dark bra that barely covered her full breasts. With the illumination from the streetlights outside, he could see the tops of her pale pink nipples just barely peeped over the bra. Soon, her hands were back to my cock, still not a full handjob, just very, very amazing stimulation. She turned around, her back facing me now, she rubbed her butt against my cock. I didn't think she was wearing underwear at all until I felt the material of her thong, right in the middle. She rustled a bit, pulled them to the side. She was wet, and I mean really wet when she put my cock between her legs and began to hump, sliding her hips forward and back. Sure, I wasn't inside her, but her soft thighs, the heat and wetness of her pussy were too much, not to mention I was on the edge from her hands.

"I'm going to cum," I said, softly, as I could feel the orgasm approaching. She opened her legs, and angled herself a little differently. As soon as I felt her hot pussy lips surrounding my cock, it was the end. I came, right there. Despite that, she still impaled herself further on my cock. She moaned softly, reaching back to massage my balls just after I'd unloaded everything I had inside of her. She slowly slid off and stood up, hand under her pussy, headed to her bathroom. I'm sure she was bound to be leaking. She came back a few minutes later, and slid back into bed.

She was a mind reader, I was dead tired after that. The next day would be a bitch.