 It was late again and he was sitting at his desk trying to think what to write next and which way he wanted the story line to go. He wanted to get this one just right. It was a big deal for him, his 200th story.

He needed the proper inspiration and it needed to be great. So he put his headphones on and leaned back in his chair. 

He put his hand through his black hair, rubbing is scalp, then bringing it back down to rub his chin and sigh. He closed his eyes.

That's when he felt her hand rubbing his groin up and down oh so softly through his black boxers. He always preferred to dress with the bare minimum when writing. This helped him relax. It was comfortable and less restricting while sitting in his work chair. 

He wasn't expecting her tonight, of all nights. He was on a deadline and he needed to get this done. He could feel the tension in his muscles and thought "I need to relax. When I'm relaxing, the words just write themselves."

So he decided to welcome the soft touch and his head stayed pressed down on the head rest. The vibrating sound of the cello kept playing in his ears and his eyes stayed closed. He waited.

She was right between his legs, kneeling down, leaning her upper body towards him. She wanted it to be a surprise, so she had been waiting for him underneath his work desk. 

He had been writing nonstop and deserved a little release. He took his writing very seriously. She could tell and she admired that passion and dedication of his.

She wasn't sure if he had felt her touch. It had been gentle and discrete. Slowly, she decided to put more pressure as she kept her hand moving up and down. If he didn't know, he knew now and still he wasn't moving. 

"He's going with it", she said to herself and she couldn't prevent the grin from forming on her mouth. This was going to be so good.

She hadn't tasted his cock in weeks, willing to respect his writing process, but she couldn't stand it anymore. She wanted to see 'it', touch 'it', lick 'it'...oh god she wanted it so bad. 

She could already anticipate the tangy taste of his cum in her mouth. Just thinking about it was making her wet. Would he want to see it on her tongue? Would he want to cum on her breasts? Oh the possibilities.

Her left hand when slowly up his right leg, caressing his calf and moving up his thigh with her finger doing small circular movements. She kept her motion while touching his stomach and lingering on his torso. His aftershave filed her nostrils and a shiver of excitement bolted through her body, tingling her pussy.

Her right hand was still stroking his groin and has her left hand met the right, she gently slip her fingers through the boxers waistband to take them off.

It felt so nice. Here she was surprising him after weeks of letting him work through his story line, neglecting her almost. When she took his boxers off to free his cock, it was already semi-erect. Swollen, it wanted to be tasted, pulled, tugged and sucked on.

He knew what was coming. The thoughts of her mouth on his manhood was sending pure desire right to his cock making it flinch with anticipation. He was breathing faster now, but still he didn't move. 

There 'it' was, finally! She couldn't help licking her lips and in this semi rigid status she could put him completely in her mouth. She knew how much he liked that. 

Her mouth was inches away from his cock and she looked at it while taking in a deep breath, taking the smell of him in. She had missed it so. She took his cock in her right hand and bent her face closer. She stroked it on her cheek and across her nose. God it was soft and she loved the smell.

He felt her hand grab the base of his cock, and her face right on it. He could feel her warm breath and the tip of her tongue slightly flicking the head of his cock, teasing him.

So warm and wet, he gasped when her mouth took more of him in and he knew she could fit it all in. Just the thought made him harder. 

His cock kept swelling up to a full hard-on and drops of pre-cum were already dripping out. She licked it with delight and continued by licking his shaft, moving her head slowly up and down.

He could tell how hungry she was for it. He knew that she was probably moaning and enjoying every inch of him, getting all her panties soaked. She was such a good cock sucker. He imagined the slurping noises she was making as she was sucking him.

As he got even harder, she picked up the pace, alternating her movements between sucking and licking his cock head, while moving her hand faster along the shalt.

He was breathing heavily now. 

He removed the headphones and the sound of the cello was replaced by the sound of her tongue licking his cock head like someone licking an ice cream cone on a hot summer day.

As he opened his eyes and tilted his head forward and downward to take in the view of this fantastic woman taking his 7 inch rod in her mouth, he wondered how he got so lucky.

She looked up at him while he was admiring her cock sucking abilities and their eyes locked. He could see the desire to please him in her eyes and his lush was showing in his. He could savor the sound of her good work.

"Fuck that's good," he said bringing his hand to her curly brown hair. "Oh yeah, take it all in! You're my little cocksucker aren't you." 

He didn't want her to stop and so his hand pressed firmly on her head to encourage her in her task. He didn't need to tell her twice. She shifted her weight forward pushing his big cock further down her mouth and soon he was fucking her face so hard his cock was going deeper down her throat. 

He could feel her opening up for him as she took him deeper and soon the tip of the head was hitting the back of her throat, putting the perfect pressure right on his sensitive spot.

He still had one hand holding her hair and now the other one was holding on to the chair handle. Griping it strongly as if the force of their movements was going to make him leap out of the chair.

"Holy fuck woman!" he shouted. "What are you doing to me?"

She was making his toes curl and the hair on his arms rise up.

"Fuck! Don't stop darling, don't stop!" he moaned.

He was close, she could tell. His body was tensing up and he was thrusting faster. She could see his knuckles turning white and that made her smile.

She was a good cocksucker and she could handle a face fuck. They had done this so often, and she had learned to relax her face and mouth when taking him this way. 

She kept the pressure on his shaft and pick up her movements, bobbing her head, while her other hand started cupping his balls and gently playing with them.

He let out a big grunt.

"I'm going to come! Oh fuck... I.. I..am going to." he shouted.

As she felt his cock pulsating she held her grip and started turning her tongue around his cock head. Soon she felt him go stiff and a violent shot of cum jolted in the back of her throat and then another and another.

She did all she could to swallow and suck every single drop he was giving her and what a load it was.

He was erupting like a volcano, no longer able to contain himself. His initial grunt was now a cry for release he didn't realise he needed until this very second. He just kept on cumming.

When the last drop of his cum was licked clean off his manhood, he was able to focus his eyes again, coming back from what he could only describe as being heaven on earth. His eyes locked back on those perfect blue-gray eyes starting right back at him.

"I needed that" he said. "I know exactly where to go with this story now! How is it you always know what I need, Sofia?" He continued while smiling at her.

"It's my job to know and I do aim to please you Mr. Richard," she answered back.

"And you do it so well, Sofia. You're such a dedicated assistant." He helped her up and sat her on his knees. He held her close and caressed her cheek with his hand. Kissed her softly on her neck right below her ear, where it made her shiver in delight.

This was quite the little cock sucker surprise.

The end