 Who the Hell ever thought a 5'9" 355 pound woman could fall head over heels in love with a 5'5" 135 pound man? Well my name is Connie, and take it from me, it is very possible.

It all started when we were in our company's cafeteria. I was having lunch with my gorgeous female coworker, when I spotted David for the first time. I leaned over to Stacey and whispered, "I think that guy over there is staring at you."

She responded by saying, "Hmm, he's kind of cute. Maybe I will go over and make his day and introduce myself."

She approached David, and leaned over her table showing her ample cleavage and in her most seductive voice said "My friend noticed you were staring at us and I thought you were quite nice looking so I was wondering if you'd like me to join you."

Dave looked a little embarrassed for seeming so obvious, and he said, "I'm sorry, but I was just a little dazzled by your beautiful friend."

"My beautiful friend?! You mean Connie? But she is so....Fat."

David hesitated before rising, picked up his tray and headed in my direction, but on the way planted his whole 135 pounds on Stacey's outstretched foot.

"Oww...You son of a bitch. You did that on purpose."

Dave sloughed off her punch to the back and continued to approach my table with a big smile on his face.

"Hi. You must be Connie. I'm David. Would you mind if I joined you?"

"Not at all. Have a seat."

After David was seated, Connie leaned in and asked, "The truth now; did you really crush her foot on purpose?"

Dave got a smug look on his face as he put the burger to his mouth. "Let's just say we had a little difference of opinion, but I think we understand each other better now. You should really enlarge your circle of friends Connie."

"Hmmm now. Would that expansion include someone like you?"

"Someone exactly like me. Would you allow me to cook dinner for you tonight?"

"Dave, not that I am not extremely flattered by your attention, but I have just one little question...Why me?"

"Why not you? I find you very attractive, and would like to get to know you better."

"Sorry Dave if I am a little skeptical, but I probably have about 3 inches on you, and a good 200 pounds. Don't birds of a feather normally flock together? Isn't there some little petite fluffy blond out there for you?"

"Not for this boy, and I didn't get to be Vice President of Sales by taking "no" for an answer, so dinner at 7:00.... my place?"

Connie was still a little apprehensive, but she was also intrigued, so she accepted and took his business card, with his home address written on the back. Stacy was right. He was kind of a cute little guy.

The rest of the day seemed to drag by, but finally she was off and entered her apartment to feed her Siamese and prepare for the evening. She stepped into the shower and lathered her large body from head to toe. Satisfied that she was properly clean, she toweled off and debated on what to wear as she stared in her closet.

She didn't know what she was hoping for from the evening. It had been six months since she had last had any sex, so she was overdue. Her main fear was they if it should come to that with Dave, she would crush the poor little man.

"Oh the Hell with it. Let's just wear this sexy little black number and let the chips fall where they may."

She found his spacious ranch home in a nice subdivision and pulled into the drive.

"Here goes nothing," and she rang the doorbell.

David answered the door with a big smile on his face as he looked admiringly at her from head to toe.

"You look very lovely Connie. Please come in."

"Thanks David." She could have kicked herself for wearing heels, bringing her height to 5'10". The five inch height differential did not seem to phase David in the least though.

"I'm not much of a chef, so I hope you like spaghetti, garlic bread, wine and salad."

"Sounds great to me."

"Super. Well have a seat in the living room and make yourself comfortable. It will be ready in about ten more minutes."

Connie took in the tastefully decorated living room with manly earth tones and began to sip at the red wine he had brought her.

Dinner was served and Connie truly marveled at the flavor of the spaghetti sauce, but she still found it a little disconcerting how he continued to stare at her. As time wore on, the conversation and the wine were making her relax, and she began to feel a comfort level she hadn't felt with a man in years.

David cleared the dishes, then shocked her by returning, and straddled her lap and sat down facing her. He calmly put his hands around her neck and stared into her eyes with a smile on his face.

"Have I told you recently how beautiful you are?"

Connie was flustered, and tried to look away as she turned bright red, but when she turned back to face him, his lips were closing in on hers and as they met, she felt her blood warm and a spark of desire flare within her.

David leaned back and questioned, "I'm not too heavy am I?"

A little breathless, Connie said, "No not at all."

Dave proceeded to kiss her once again, increasing the hunger within her as he probed her mouth with his tongue. 

Connie broke the kiss, almost gasping for breath. Never had she been kissed like that.

"I can't take it anymore. Where's your bedroom?"

"Third door on the left."

Connie stood and picked Dave up and proceeded down the hall as he continued to bite and lick her neck and ears, sending shivers through her entire body. God, she hoped his talents didn't stop at kissing.

They arrived in his bedroom and she kicked off her heels so the difference was only four inches in their heights. She had never kissed a man shorter that she was, but if all little men kissed like Dave, she inwardly kicked herself for what she had been missing.

Their mouths and tongues once again explored each other as they nearly ripped each others' clothes away and they held each other naked. Connie let her hand move from his chest slowly to his crotch and secretly thought to herself "Shit. I knew it." His hard penis barely broke four inches, and she wondered how he could possibly make love to her with an organ no bigger than a ten year old boy's.

A bit dejected, she allowed David to guide her to the bed, where she lay on her back. He gently lay with his full weight on top of her and began to once again explore her face and throat with his incredible kisses. She thought, "Oh well, I will just have to be satisfied with your mouth, since there is no way you are going to satisfy me with your little organ." She kicked herself for being so mean spirited, and thinking like a bitch, but after all, it had been six months, and she was horny as Hell.

David moved lower with his mouth to alternately take each nipple into his mouth and suck it hungrily. His thigh was firmly between her thick thighs, moving in a slow up and down motion causing her wetness to grow.

He moved still lower and gently teased her navel with his tongue, sending bites and kisses all over her protruding stomach. Ever so slowly he moved lower and licked and bit at her inner thighs, without attempting to enter the thick dark patch of her curls at her center.

The anticipation was killing her, and when he finally licked her warm moist opening, it was as if lightening had struck and she gasped with pleasure. David continued to know how much pressure to apply and just the right spot to hit as he devoured her completely.

God, how she needed a hard cock inside her, and could only wish that David was larger. Nearly out of her mind from his expert oral skills, she felt him stop and move up to her. He spread her legs so they were on his shoulders, then inserted the tip of his small member into the opening of her vagina.

Connie didn't think it was possible, but as he slowly inserted two of his four inches, her body seemed to adjust to him and tighten around him. Her passion and need began to build once again as he lightly teased her with the tip of his penis.

After five minutes of rubbing the head of his dick against her hungering pussy lips and clitoris, she was begging for more, but he continued to hold back until the right moment.

Connie writhed and moaned but still he would not give him all to her until she was just about out of her mind with lust.

"Stop torturing me you bastard and fuck me hard! Pleeeease."

David knew it was time, and plunged his full four inches into her waiting body.

"Oh God! Oh God! Yes! Fuck me hard. Oh yes, faster...harder....Sheeeeiiitt, I'm going to cuuuuummmm!!!!

David pounded into her over and over, placing his little rod at just the right angle to make the pleasure unbearable. Connie exploded in a gusher like she had never known, and clung to his small body as if it was the only life vest in the storm.

"Oh my God, Oh my God" is all she could blurt out as she gasped for breath, and David finally joined her as he shot a huge load into her hungering love hole.

Both lovers were lost in the feelings they had experienced and knew at that moment that they had found the lover which they had been searching for all their lives.