 We were friends all through school and many classes found us sitting near one another. My last name begins with "S", his with "V". Even our lockers were neighbors. He always seemed to be around me – one way or another. I spent most of my high school years fantasizing about him. In those years, once the hormones had kicked in, I wondered what it would have been like to go out with him, to be his girlfriend, to kiss him, to touch him. But I knew I wasn't his "type". He was a jock, incredibly cute and always hung out with the cool girls. I was cute, but wasn't in the same circle of girls. Nevertheless, a crush materialized during 9th grade English class. 

Years later, after graduation, we all went our own ways and I didn't see him again.

I planned our 10 year reunion and he was there along with many of our classmates. He and another friend of mine surprised me and sent flowers as a thank you for all the hard work in planning the party. Yet, I didn't see him after that.

I always looked forward to seeing him at our reunions because he seemed to be a "regular". As a reunion approached, my lust for him would reawaken. I looked forward to the next reunion before we'd said goodbye at the current reunion. I had always hoped that someday the timing would be right and he'd be mine. 

At our 25 year reunion, he made my dreams come true – he kissed me. My biggest, baddest, 16 year old girl fantasy had just become reality, so I decided to let him know he'd made my dreams come true.

"What?" he said after I admitted my crush.

"Don't tell me you never knew I had a crush on you."

"I had no clue." He said as he laughed.

"Well, you're probably the only one who didn't know." I told him.

After a few more dances, hugs and kisses with him and several others at the 25th, I bid them all farewell and as I left, I could have sworn I heard him say "I've loved you all along!" Or did I just imagine that? Instead of stopping and asking him to repeat what he said, I waved, went home and looked forward to seeing him again in five years.

And what a five years it was – 9/11 happened shortly after our reunion and that changed our world. I moved my family into the rehabbed home I'd inherited earlier in the year; I entered into grief counseling; my son and I moved out of our family home into an apartment; I got a divorce; I lost my job; I found a job that was even better than the one I lost; I was alone, but happy. 

I experienced a lot of personal growth during those five years but what remained constant was my lust for him, the desire to touch him, to taste him, to have him. He was on my mind many times over the years.

There were times I'd lie in my bed, alone, and my thoughts would drift, finding a path to him. As my thoughts of him drifted from place to place, my hands would drift along my body. I imagined my hands were his, as my fingertips would glide lightly along my skin, they were his fingertips. My touch, his touch. 

I would imagine his touch as I brushed my palm across my nipple, now hard and tight; his fingers grasped my nipple and pulled gently, twisted slightly. He knew this would get me hotter. My fingers grasped the other nipple and imagined it was his fingertips that now pulled on both nipples. I felt the wetness between my legs and reached down to dip into it; his fingers spread my swollen lips to push into me to find the slickness from inside. Now both hands between my legs, hot pussy lips pulled apart and back to expose my clit. A gentle touch to the naked flesh of my clit with his slick fingertip sent a bolt of electricity through me. My hips rose to meet the touch; begged for more. The fingertips knew exactly what to do, rubbed in small circles, my clit pinched between the two fingers, rubbed between the fingers, the other fingers holding the lips away. The orgasm built inside me and with one more perfect touch, exploded with a force I'd not experienced in a long time. 

I lay there, breath coming in gasps. I licked my juices from my fingers, imagining the feel of his tongue on my fingertip, the thrill of having my finger in his mouth, touching his tongue, his lips.

As the evening of our 30 year reunion drew near, I'd not heard that he'd be there, but I couldn't imagine him not coming to a reunion. Truth was I needed to see him; I needed my five year fix. The lust I felt for him increased tenfold. I imagined his body still lean and strong from the days of track and the rigors of his career as a cop; his eyes still strong and clear; his ass still, without a doubt, the best ass I'd ever come across. 

I had a revelation a few years earlier that he was the one responsible for my desire for the martial artist, wrestler, well built body type – not too tall, lean but not thin, built but not over developed. Anytime I saw someone with that build, I felt my body react and my mind returned to the picture of him held in my memory. 

I had these images frequently; more so as the reunion drew closer. I was relatively certain I'd see him at the party. I was even more certain he'd never be mine. All I would ever have of him would be my fantasies, 16 year old school girl crush and memories of a great guy from school.

The night of the party came and, although it was a very busy day, I took the time needed to look nice for the event. I dressed professionally, yet sexy. I wore a black lace bra and panties, black stockings, black dress, black jacket and black shoes with bows. I curled my hair and felt very pretty. But with a little sexy underneath that no one would know about except me.

I was seated in the lounge talking with a group of friends when one of the others stood up to greet new people behind me. I turned to look and there he was. 

He was more handsome than the day we graduated all those years ago. It had been more than thirty years since that day and he looked as if he'd gained only a few laugh lines where the rest of us had gained pounds and lost hair. I looked at him and smiled. I was sure my smile gave away my lustful thoughts, but hoped for the best.

He came and hugged me as he always did. I hadn't been with anyone in a very long time and I felt my body react to his closeness, his smell. I felt the wetness start between my legs, the heat in my chest and on my face. I was flushed because he was here; I was excited by his touch. I hoped I didn't look as though I was that 16 year old girl with a crush.

Through the evening we talked and mingled, everyone enjoying the reconnection with old friends. There were times I watched him as he talked. My imagination was going to places I was sure reality would never see.

The evening drew to a close and I said my goodbyes. I came to him and we hugged.

"Why didn't you say something at the last reunion when I told you I'd loved you all along?" He asked pointedly as we stood toe to toe, my arms around his neck, his around my waist.

"Wow. You really did say that? I thought for sure it had been my imagination." I replied.

"No, it wasn't your imagination."

"Walk me to my car?" I asked as I broke our embrace.

He said his good byes as well, took my hand in his and we headed to the parking garage. As we walked, we talked.

"You know," I started, "I'm probably going to make a fool of myself by saying this, but what the hell, I'm going to do it anyway. That crush I had on you in school? "

He nodded his head and watched me closely.

"Well, I've never really gotten over it. Here it is 30 years since we graduated and I constantly think of you. You have no idea how much I want you, to touch you, to taste you, to have you. I really only plan these things to see you." I said as I laughed and smiled.

We got to the car, I turned around and leaned against it for support, as I felt my knees would give out at any moment. He didn't say anything, he just looked at me. I'd gone too far - pushed too hard.

"I'm sor..." his mouth covered mine as I tried to apologize. My knees turned to jelly as he kissed me, his tongue tentatively touched my lips, waited for my mouth to open. I returned the kiss and felt as though I melted into the cold steel of the car, the heat rose in me, a flush crept across my chest and cheeks as we kissed, passionately, longingly. I pulled him to me, leaning us on the car with me in the middle. He pulled away just a bit, looking into my eyes. 

"We shouldn't do this, right?" I asked breathlessly, fearing his answer.

"You're right I know, but do you want to stop?" he asked me.

"No," I said as I grabbed the lapels of his leather jacket and pulled him to me, kissed him hard on the mouth. We relaxed into the kiss, our tongues entwined. We continued to kiss as I let go of jacket, put my arms around his waist, pulled him closer still. I brought one hand down and placed it on that perfect ass, pulling him into me. He moaned as I pulled him closer. My mind toyed with the idea of going down on him right there but thought better of it. 

I broke away for just a moment and looked at him. I found myself smiling as I looked at him.

"Ok, what are you smiling about?" he asked with a smile of his own.

"More of those fantasies coming true at this very moment." I said as I moved to kiss him again.

He leaned back a bit, but not too far away, I could still feel the heat from his body, but I couldn't reach his lips.

"A crush, huh? I don't recall you really ever dating anyone. Why didn't you say something about it?" He said.

"I was sure you didn't like me "like that". I knew you liked me – we liked each other – but I never thought that you would have been interested in me like for a girlfriend or something. There's only so much rejection a new hormonal, 16 year old girl can take."

"Ok, so this thing about you'd loved me all along." I said, "What's up with that?"

"Head over heels, really, from about 9th grade. And I was pretty sure you didn't like me like that. Then once we graduated, we went our separate ways. The only time I'd see you was at the reunions. I always looked forward to them for just that reason." He said with a grin. "So what do we do now?"

"I know what I want to do." I said as I placed my hand between us and found his cock hard.

"Yeah," he grinned, pulling me closer, "Me, too."

"Follow me home?" I asked.

"Yes." He said.

We arrived at my apartment about 15 minutes later. We stepped in and I backed him up against the door as soon as it was closed. I feasted on him, my lust barely under control. 

He tasted so good; he felt even better. He had his hands on my back, pulling me into him as far as we could go. He bent to kiss the top of my shoulder then kissed his way up my neck to my earlobe, taking it gently into his mouth, his lips so soft on my ear. I felt his hard cock through the crisp fabric of his pants and rubbed my hand over the area; he moaned as I stroked him.

He turned me, put my back against the door. He moved his hands under my dress, pushed it up my body, both breasts cupped by his hands, his fingers on my hard nipples through the lace of my bra, grasping, pinching, pulling; all the things I loved, but how did he know? As he moved his hand down the front of my body, his fingers pulled the soft material of my dress back down. 

His hand slipped between my legs, a finger slid under the lace of my panties, touching the small, trimmed patch of short hair above my shaved pussy lips. His touch was like a jolt of electricity; I arched my back and pushed my pussy into his hand, wanting his fingers to fuck me.

His middle finger found my slippery slit and parted the lips; he slowly moved his finger up to my clit, pressed it, circled it, pinched it between his finger and thumb. He played with my clit, his other fingers suddenly buried in my pussy, in and out, faster and faster until I came.

He pulled his hand from between my legs, his fingers touched my lips and I tasted the sweet-salty juice I'd created. I licked his fingers clean, enjoying the taste.

"If you don't mind," I said breathlessly as I stepped forward from the door, moving around him, smoothing my dress at the same time, "I, uh, I'm going to take a quick shower. I'm feeling hot and sticky from all the dancing and smoke in the room."

"Just the dancing and the smoke?" he asked with a wicked grin.

"Uh, no." I said, as I breathed heavily, knowing my face was red from the heat we'd generated.

"It's ok, go right ahead – but save me some hot water, if that's ok with you. I think a shower is a great idea."

"Ok, make yourself comfortable and I'll be back soon. There's beer and other refreshments in the frig. Turn on some music or the TV – makes yourself at home." I said as I walked back to my bedroom to get to the shower.

I stripped off the smoky, sweaty clothes and left them in a pile on the bedroom floor. I stepped into the shower, pulled the curtain and turned on the water, letting it spray onto my face, soaking my hair and body. I was lost in the events of the evening so far, reliving them in my head as I washed my hair under the spray.

I didn't realize he'd come into the bathroom until he pulled the shower curtain back, exposing my wet body to the cooler, outside air. 

"Hey, that's cold – shut the door or the curtain, one." I said.

He shut the bathroom door and I watched him as he stripped off his clothes. I had been right – he still had a magnificent body. He stepped into the shower with me and closed the curtain. He moved around me so that he could get wet. I reached around from behind him, put my hands on his chest, the feel of the skin beneath my hands hot, wet, and slick. The feel of his backside against me was almost more than I could take. 

I turned him around, pulled him to me, his face in my hands, and gently kissed him as the water poured over us. He put his arms around me, pulled me closer, kissed me deeper, his tongue explored my mouth gently, sensuously.

I moved to kiss his neck, his chest, working my way down across his stomach, kissing the inside of his thighs as the water sprayed his backside, kissing his muscular legs, going first down one then up the other, never breaking contact with his hot, wet skin. As I kissed up his leg, I knelt in front of him, leaving kisses along the inside of his thigh, the tip of my nose touching his hard cock. 

I grasped his cock in my hand and rubbed it slowly, then used my tongue to get my first taste of him. He gasped as my tongue touched the sensitive underside of his cock. I massaged his cock, with my hand, the head in and out of my mouth, at first slowly but building to a faster speed. I felt him tense up, so I slowed down again. He gasped as I sucked his cock and gently played with his balls in my other hand. I guided him in and out of my mouth, my hand an extension of the wetness and pressure, the head of his cock slipped out of my mouth and into my palm, over and over. I listened closely, his moans growing, his breathing faster. I went faster and faster until I was certain he was right at the edge of an orgasm and then backed off so that he'd come down just a bit, then started again but faster still until he braced himself on the wall, shooting his hot load into my throat, more of it coming as fast as I could swallow it. I continued to suck his cock until the spasms had stopped.

"Oh, My God." He said. "That was fucking amazing." He said as he tried to catch his breath.

I reached around him, turned off the water, climbed out of the tub, and left him breathing heavy and leaning on the wall for support. I wrapped up in a towel and pulled one off the shelf for him, leaving it on the top of the toilet.

"When you've recovered, I'll be out here drying off." I said, laughing my evil little laugh.

"Yeah, right. I'll be recovered sometime next week. Good God, did you know how to do that in high school?" he asked from the bathroom.

From the bedroom, I answered. "No, I didn't know how to do that in high school. Bummer, huh?" I asked.

"No, not at all. Because I was really going to have to kick myself for not asking you out if you'd known how to do this in school!" he chuckled.

I dried off and climbed into the soft, cool sheets on my bed as he walked into the room. I thought to myself again that he was beautiful.

He realized I was watching him again, and asked, "what?"

"Nothing, just more of those fantasies of mine being fulfilled." I said.

"So just what have you fantasized about concerning me?" He asked.

"Hmmm, let's see. When we were kids, that we'd be the only people in English class for some reason, the teacher wasn't there and you'd back me into a corner and kiss me. Or that you'd ask me out and find that I was just the most wonderful person you'd ever met. Or you'd come up from behind and grab me – oh wait, you did do that a few times!" I said.

"Nothing overtly sexual, huh?" he asked.

"Please, the most x-rated thoughts I had back then were being French kissed and felt up! Hell, I was a virgin when I graduated."

"What?! You couldn't have been. You always seemed so "bad". 

"Hey, I was a virgin – not inexperienced in the art of flirtation and teasing."

He sat down next to me, his skin still damp. He reached to push my long auburn hair back from my face, caressed my cheek with his hand with the gentleness of a lover you'd had for years. He trailed his fingertips lightly along my neck, touched my chest ever so softly, giving rise to goose bumps on my neck. He caressed the curve of my breast through the sheet, seemingly taking great care in not touching the hardened nipple.

"I thought I remembered you liked to be touched – I was always coming up to you in school and touching you one way or another. Hell, I touch you at every reunion!" He said as he laughed.

"You remembered right," I purred, "and I've gotten to be more of a touch junkie as I've gotten older."

He leaned down to me, covered my mouth with his, our tongues touched, seeking each other. As we kissed, I put my arms around his neck, arched my back and my chest rose to his. He placed a hand on my breast and pinched my hard nipple through the fabric that covered it. I felt my juices flow as he continued.

He broke away from the kiss, backed away just a bit, and placed his free hand on my other breast then squeezed its nipple as hard as the other. The harder he pinched, the more I moaned and arched into his hands. 

He released his grip and slowly pulled back the sheet that covered me. He leaned down and kissed my neck, leaving cool, wet kisses, then onto my chest, between my breasts, and down my belly. He kissed back up my body, finally taking a nipple into his warm, wet mouth, sucking on it gently. He caught it between his teeth and nipped it slightly. I enjoyed the sensations as he continued to suck on my nipples as his hand slid down my belly and between my legs. 

He changed his position, put himself between my legs, his fingers traced the folds of my pussy lips. They were wet and swollen and became more so as he continued to touch me. 

He lay on his stomach, his head between my legs, his fingers spread my glistening lips apart, pulled back the hood of my clit, exposed it to the cool air in the room. He touched my sensitive clit with the tip of his tongue and I jumped, arched my pelvis to meet his tongue as he lapped at my pussy, licking the wetness from my skin. I moaned as he sucked my clit into his mouth, biting it gently between his teeth, pulling at it ever so slightly. He held the lips apart with one hand while the fingers of his other hand pushed into me easily, his fingertips found my G-spot and I exploded within seconds as I had done when he had me at the front door.

"Oh My God," I said, "that's incredible."

He continued to lick and suck my clit, my body tensed and released as I built to another orgasm, my hands rested on top of his head, pulling on his hair occasionally. He inserted all of his fingers into my incredibly wet pussy, then brought them all out, his index finger back into my pussy, he continued to rub the inside, then put his wet pinky into my ass, causing me to first jump, then moan as he moved his fingers in and out of me in rhythm, now using his thumb to rub my swollen clit.
