 Many years ago, I bought a sizable parcel of land adjacent to a small mountain chain. It has a gorgeous view of the entire range and my land abuts the state park which flanks one end of the chain; literally giving me an 8,800 acre front yard! A few years back, I decided my little weekend cabin wasn't enough, so I decided to build a log home and move there permanently. As I said, the view is worth a million dollars, but I'm at the end of the range, so the weather can sometimes sweep violent thunderstorms right up the valley and over the small ridge I built upon. During the summer this can be a frequent and somewhat annoying occurrence, as warm, moist air is pulled down from the Blue Ridge Mountains and funneled in my direction. It's great for the garden though!

These storms can pop up in only a few minutes, and the temperature can drop by as much as twenty degrees, catching hikers in the nearby park off guard - or as in the case of this story - a new neighbor who was quite unfamiliar with our summer afternoons here in this part of Appalachia. One particular afternoon in early August, I sat on my front porch overlooking the valley and mountains, watching one of these storms build about fifteen miles away. Within ten minutes the sun had disappeared, the sky grew dark and faint rumbles of thunder could be heard in the distance. Soon, the wind began to pick up as the cold downdrafts from the impending storm reached me. I could actually feel the temperature drop as the cold front passed over the ridge, and the winds increased.

The rumbles of thunder drew closer, and the leaves on the hardwoods turned over in the strong gusts. I could see the silvery wall of rain about three miles away, moving steadily toward me across the river valley. The sound of the wind increased as well, and I was surprised to hear what sounded like a faint cry for help over the din. I listened carefully, and after ten seconds or so, it repeated.

"Heeeeelp!" came the sound of a frightened female voice.

It was coming from the lowlands down by the creek behind the house, so it wasn't a lost hiker from the state park. I went to the back door, which is actually on the side of the house, and picked up my brass whistle. I have my cats trained to come to the house for food when I give two blasts, so I keep it on the shelf right by the door.

I stepped outside and gave a long, sharp staccato-like blast on the whistle and listened for a response. It was almost instant. 

"Help me, please! I'm lost!"

I gave three loud blasts on the whistle and headed down the ridge toward the saddle that overlooked the areas I called the Bowl, and the Beaver Meadow, blowing the whistle every ten seconds or so, so whoever it was could follow the sound and meet me. Suddenly, I felt the first few drops of rain; large drops that fell hard and heavy. Within ten seconds, it was on top of me. The trees were swaying in the wind and the thunder was getting very loud as I turned off the saddle and headed down the path through towering tulip poplars.

"I see you!" I heard the woman shout. 

I could see her making her way uphill toward me, so I stuck the whistle in my pocket. 

"Come on!" I urged, as she reached me.

I took her hand and half-led, half-dragged her up the hill behind me.

"This thing is just about on top of us!" I called out over the roaring wind. "Go as fast as you can!"

With that, I felt a familiar - yet very terrifying - sensation. The hair on not only my head stood up, but all over my entire body.

"Crouch down!" I bellowed over the roaring wind. "Balance on the balls of your feet and cover your head!"

No sooner had I said that, when a deafening blast ripped through the forest. A brilliant lavender-purple bolt of lightning struck one of the tulips about one hundred feet away, sending chunks of bark like shards of wooden shrapnel in our direction, striking us painfully, but not seriously. Fortunately, we were far enough away from the blast, that the current didn't reach us through the ground.

"Let's go!" I shouted. "We don't have long before the next bolt strikes!"

We ran as fast as we could up the hill and onto the open ridge, and made a beeline for the house. By the time we got to the back door, the wind was gusting around 45 mph, the rain was blowing almost horizontally, and we were being pelted with pea sized hailstones. I led her through the back door and into the mud room area where I had the washer and dryer, and shut the sturdy door behind us, just as another powerful clap of thunder struck nearby.

"We j-just made it!" I said through chattering teeth. 

Between the wind, rain and drop in temperature, we were soaked to the skin and chilled to the bone.

"Y-y-yessss!" she replied, her teeth chattering even louder than mine.

"Empty your pockets, get your clothes off and throw them in the dryer." I instructed, as I headed for the bathroom that was just past the washer and dryer. "I'll get the water running."

I turned the shower on and set the knobs to a comfortable temperature and rejoined her by the appliances. She already had her pockets emptied and she was taking off her blouse. I quickly removed my keys and wallet, and began undressing as well. I tossed our clothes into the dryer, turned it on and motioned for her to follow me.

"Go ahead and get in." I instructed. "I'm right behind you."

I followed her into the shower and let the hot water cascade over our bodies for a few minutes. We gradually warmed up, and I finally turned to face her.

"What were you doing out there?" I inquired. "And why were you on my property?"

"I didn't mean to trespass." she apologized. "I went for a walk and got a little turned around. Once it got dark and the thunder started, I guess I panicked. I started running, and when it started raining, I started calling for help. Thank goodness you heard me!"

"Lucky for you, I like to sit on the front porch and watch the thunderstorms." I responded. "I heard you calling. Had I been in the house, I'd have never heard you. These log walls are eight inches thick. Even the thunder is muted in here."

"I saw you have a log house." she replied. "I couldn't see much because I was trying to get out of the rain, but I'm sure it's beautiful."

"I'd like to think so." I replied with a chuckle. "But that's most likely because I cut the trees down myself on this property, peeled them, dried them and then stacked them all myself. This literally is the house that Jack built."

"Your name is Jack?" she inquired.

"Yes." I answered.

"My name is Nancy." she responded.

"Well Nancy, it's nice to meet you. Very few people actually meet in the shower you know."

She smiled in reply.

"There's a joke in there somewhere." she retorted. "Probably have something to do with the YMCA or something."

I smiled and took a really good look at her. She had long, blonde hair with green eyes, and she was probably 5'5" or so, and very attractive. Her body was also nothing to sneeze at, and I guessed her for somewhere around 35 or so years of age. She saw me looking and took her turn as well, to size me up.

"I think we both like what we see." she said softly. "Leave it to me, to find my Prince Charming while being lost in the woods. That is, if you're single." she added quickly.

"I am." I said with a smile. "I'm sure my wife would have something to say about us being in the shower together if I were married."

"Girlfriend?"

"Nope. You?"

"No girlfriend." she answered lightly. "No boyfriend either. Didn't plan on meeting one out here either."

"I've not seen you before." I observed. "Where do you live?" 

"In the A-frame." she replied. "I'm renting it. It's got a great view for the most part. I'm a writer, and the view inspires me. Some of it's blocked though. There's a couple of hills in the way."

"That would be right here." I said brightly. "After the weather clears, I'll take you up to the finished attic level and you can look out over the valley. I have my office up there, and the view you wish you had."

"I didn't realize it was your place." she said contritely. "I hope I didn't offend you."

"Not at all!" I replied cheerily. "Makes me all the happier it's belongs to me, and not someone else. Are you warmed up yet?"

"Yes." she answered.

"Good." I responded, as I turned the water off. "Me too. The clothes aren't dry yet, so I'll light a fire in the fireplace. We can enjoy that if you'd like."

"I'd love that!" she exclaimed. "I know it's summer and all, but there's just something about a fire that's so cozy."

"You never know when you might want one." I said, as I pulled the shower curtain back and grabbed a towel. "I keep one built and ready to go. All it needs is a match."

I dried off and reached into the small closet behind the tub for another one for Angie.

"Here you go." I offered.

"Thank you." she replied, as she took it.

I watched as she rubbed her hair vigorously, then dried off. I had a nice view of her bare body now, and it looked even better. Nancy saw me looking at her and smiled.

"See anything you like?" she inquired innocently.

"Oh yes. I see quite a bit that interests me." I said mischievously. "I like this view almost as much as the one out the window."

"Speaking of which," she prodded, "why don't you show me the living room and that incredible view, and light the fire?"

"Sounds good to me." I replied, as I took her by the hand and led her to the living room.

"Oh Jack!" she exclaimed, as she gazed out the wall of insulated glass. "You're right! Your view is so much better!"

"Wait until you see it from the third level." I responded. "It's a clear view over the trees to the left." 

"I can't wait." Nancy said quietly. 

She gazed around the house.

"This is so beautiful Jack." she whispered. "You built all of this yourself?"

"Just about." I replied. "I needed some help getting the logs in place and setting the purlins and all, but I put it all together, finished everything off, and did all the plumbing and electrical myself. Every log and board you see, came off this property, except for the cedar paneling. I'd been collecting that for years."

"It smells great!" Nancy exclaimed. "I smelled it as soon as I came in, but I couldn't quite place it. It smells just like a giant cedar closet!"

"All the interior walls are paneled in it except the closets." I explained. "Every couple of years or so, I take a sander to the walls and bring it out fresh again. It'll last for years, before the oils dissipate."

"It's wonderful, Jack." she breathed. "You are so lucky to have this place."

"I know. Now, I just need someone to share it with." I hinted.

We had just met, but I was feeling a connection unlike any I had experienced before. Maybe it was the whole knight in shining armor thing of rescuing her, but I was really drawn to her. The feeling seemed to be mutual, as Nancy kept smiling at me as though she had known me for a while.

I opened the glass doors covering the large fireplace, and struck a match. I touched it to the newspaper balled up at the base of the neatly-stacked wood, and within a few seconds, flames were licking at the larger sticks. Less than a minute later, a large fire roared inside the stone fireplace.

"Oh, that feels wonderful!" Nancy exclaimed, as she held her hands out. "This is so romantic."

"I suppose it is." I replied, as I stared at her beautiful face. "You should experience it when it's snowing. The fire going, snow falling; it's absolutely gorgeous."

"I'll bet it is." Nancy whispered. "I hope I can see it."

"I hope so too." I said softly, as I leaned toward her. "I'd love to share it with you. There is so much I would love to share with you."

"Me too." she replied, her voice cracking slightly. "Right now, I want to share myself with you."

Our mouths met, and we began kissing passionately. I placed my right hand behind her head and stroked her silky blonde hair, while I placed my left hand on her right shoulder. I slowly slid my hand down until I was cupping her breast in my hand. I squeezed it gently, and she sighed loudly through her nose.

Nancy gently pulled away from our kiss and spoke.

"I love having my breasts played with." she said quietly, as I now fondled them with both hands. "It feels so nice when someone squeezes them. I've really missed that."

"How long has it been?" I inquired, as I leaned forward to begin sucking her pudgy nipples.

"Mmm, that feels nice." she sighed. "Two years. You?"

"A little longer." I admitted. "Fortunately, I have Internet access, and a fondness for masturbation. Ever gone for walks in the woods nude?"

Nancy shook her head.

"No, but it sounds wonderful."

"It is. When we're done here, why don't we go out on the deck? I think you'll like the way it feels. Then if you'd like, we can go for a walk around the yard. You'll love the way the wet grass feels under your feet. You might even want to do it out there too."

"I would love to make love to you outside," she said with a smile, "but right now, I want to make love to you right here, in front of the fire. I want to be so happy with you, Jack. You make me so happy. You're so handsome; so brave for rescuing me like you did. If you hadn't found me when you did, I could have been struck by lightning or be suffering from hypothermia and still be lost. You saved me. All you need is a white horse."

I smiled and embraced her tightly, guiding her down to the couch. I moved in between her legs and placed my throbbing cock against her cunt. I could feel the wetness, and it slid in effortlessly, as I gently pushed.

Once I was inside her, I began a steady rhythm of thrusts. Nancy sighed loudly and our eyes locked. We stared deeply into each others eyes as we enjoyed the most intimate of experiences.

"Oh Jack." she whispered. "It feels so good. Oh God, I'd forgotten just how good a man's dick feels inside of me."

After several minutes, my arms were beginning to tire, and Angie sensed it.

"Let's switch." she suggested. "Let me get on top."

"Okay." I agreed. "That's really the only way I can cum anyway. That and standing. I almost never can cum if I'm on top."

"Aw, you poor thing." Nancy said reassuringly, as we switched positions.

She mounted me and sank her warm, wet cunt down onto my cock, engulfing it once again, in her velvety wetness. She was good; she knew exactly how to move to give me the maximum amount of pleasure with each thrust of her pelvis, and it wasn't long before I knew I was going to have an orgasm inside of her vagina.

"It feels go good!" I whispered. "I'm getting close."

Nancy contracted her vaginal muscles and clamped down hard around my dick, pulling straight up and down, and milking it like a giant cylindrical suction cup. That was it! I groaned loudly, as spurt after spurt of my warm semen filled her cunt.

"Oh Nancy!" I gasped, as my orgasm climaxed. "That felt so good! Oh my god, you were wonderful!"

I dropped my head back against the armrest and exhaled loudly, trying to catch my breath. Nancy smiled, and lifted herself off of me, standing up and moving over to the hearth. My cum dribbled out of her cunt and dripped to the stone with a pleasant sound. I sat up and smiled back at her.

"Let me get you a towel." I said warmly. "I'll be right back."

I returned with a small towel and Nancy cleaned herself up, along with the hearth.

"Before, I was freezing." she laughed. "Now, I'm burning up. Let's go outside, can we?"

I nodded in reply.

"Of course. It'll be nice and cool, now that the storm has passed."

We stepped onto the deck and savored the coolness of the air. It was a rare treat for a southern summer afternoon, made even more special by the fact we were sharing it together."

"You were right." Nancy said quietly. "This is nice. It feels so good to be standing out here without any clothes on. I could go around nude all the time if I lived here."

It was at that moment that we both realized how wonderful that might be.

"Well, why don't you stay for dinner and the night?" I suggested. "We could get a feel for what we could share."

"I'd like that." she replied with a smile. "If it's anything like what we've had so far, I'd love to be with you all the time. My lease expires at the end of December, so if we hit it off, maybe we could take it from there."

"That would be a wonderful Christmas present." I agreed. "And we could supply our own fireworks for New Years Eve too."

I took her hand and tugged it gently.

"Come on." I said, as I led her around the corner and onto the front porch. "Let's go for a walk."

We stepped off the porch onto the soft, wet grass.

"Oh yessss." Nancy bubbled. "This feels great. Most people don't realize just how much our feet play a role in sex and sensuality."

I put my arm around her waist and escorted her across the lawn; down the ridge toward a place where the grass led through the pines for a short distance, before opening up into a high meadow atop one of my hills that was almost five acres in size.

"Oh my gosh!" she exclaimed. "This is awesome! I had no idea it was here."

"The pines block the view." I explained. "This is also part of what's been hiding from your eyes."

"I love it!" Nancy said exuberantly. "I just want to run around like a little kid at the playground."

"Go ahead." I encouraged. "I used to do it when I was a teenager. It would get me so hot! I would always end up jerking off."

Nancy took off in a jog; cavorting about, and leaping into the air like a schoolgirl in gym class. She seemed to really love running around nude, as she kept it up for several minutes. I followed her toward the center of the high meadow, and watched intently as she suddenly dropped to the ground and began rolling around in the wet orchard grass.

"Oh my god, Jack!" she burst out. "I totally love this! I want to cum again! I want to rub my pussy until I cum, and I want to do it in front of you. I want you to watch me. I want you to watch me cum to the sight of you. This is so hot!"

With that, Nancy began playing with herself. She exhibited no inhibitions whatsoever, as she rubbed her clit with one hand, while she slid her fingers into her sopping wet cunt with the other.

"God damn, this feels sooo fucking good!" she cooed, as she continued openly masturbating in front of me. "Mmm, I want to look at you while I cum..."

She tipped her head back and began twisting her feet in circles, as she lay on her back in the cool, wet grass. Suddenly, she looked directly at me and let out a loud groan.

"I'm going to cum, Jack!" she gasped. "I'm going to cum! Oh shit, I'm going to fucking cuuuuum!"

Her back arched and her feet kicked vigorously, as she climaxed in front of me. I wanted to fuck her so badly, but I had already spent my load. This was her turn, and she was really enjoying it. She continued to spasm for a few more seconds before she relaxed. She lay breathless on her back, sucking in gulps of air for several moments, before she was finally able to speak.

"That was wonderful!" she finally said with a deep sigh. "Oh Jack, can we have this all the time? Is this what we could have?"

"It is, and we can." I replied emphatically, as I reached out and helped her to her feet. "If you think rolling around in wet grass is hot, wait until we do it in the mud. It'll get you so fired up that won't believe it!"

"Mmm, in the mud..." Nancy responded dreamily. "That would be awesome! I'd love to masturbate in the mud while I'm rolling around and getting all gooey!"

"I love doing that." I said with a smile. "But even better, imagine being on all fours, with all of that gooey mud around your hands and knees, while I fuck you from behind! I'd cram some of that wet, sticky mud all over your titties and squeezed them like they were rubber balls. Then, after we both cum, we both just relax and settle down into it..."
