 I was 28 or 29 when I met Melanie. I had been visiting a family member on the north side of Phoenix, Arizona. I was driving a small, open air, tiller steered, parade car. The car resembled an antique from the late 19th century. I had made some repairs to the car, and was test-driving it before returning it to its owner.

I saw a small boy and what I thought was his teenaged sister watching me from their yard. Their hair got my attention. They both had the same bright red hair. Every time I passed their home, the boy would jump up and down with excitement. 

I stopped in front of them, introduced myself, and offered them a ride. The little boy didn't wait for his sister to give her OK. His eyes lit up, and he instantly began trying to climb aboard. 

Though it was not very fast, driving this little car took both hands; one to steer with the tiller and the other to operate the spring returned throttle. So, I looked at the excited kid's sister and said, "You come too. You'll need to hold Jr. down."

With a bright smile, she put the boy in the seat between us and climbed aboard. Melanie introduced herself, her son, Bobby, and thanked me for the ride. Though she looked to be about 14, it turned out that Melanie was 22-years-old. Her son, Bobby, was 5. 

When they were safely seated, off we went. We drove around the neighborhood for twenty or thirty minutes. Bobby never stopped talking. He asked a million questions. Most of his questions were good ones. All of which, I answered as best I could to the satisfaction of a five-year-old boy. 

Melanie didn't say much. She just sat there with a wide smile, staring at me, and intently listening to my every word. 

If not for the fact that I was driving, I may have returned the favor and not taken my eyes off of her either. Even though she looked like a young girl, there was just something about her that piqued my interest. 

Melanie was a petite young thing. At 22-years-old, she stood only 4'11" tall and weighed about 85 pounds. Little Mel, as I later came to call her, was as cute as they come. Her rounded, lightly freckled, face was surrounded by an abundance of well kept bright red hair. Bobby had the same hair. They also shared light green eyes. Her eyes were set over a button of a nose and full lips. 

As the ride came to an end, I handed Melanie my card and asked, "May I call you some time? 

Her smile quickly turned to a frown. She lowered her head, and, with a hint of sadness, said, "He's not around much, but I'm married."

"That's too bad." I replied. "If you need anything, or change your mind, give me a call. The number's on the card." When I offered her my hand, she reached out and gently squeezed it. Melanie then turned and led Bobby into their house.

Bobby was a polite kid. Before going into his house, he turned at his door, waved, and yelled, "Thank you." 

Several weeks passed, and I had let the memory of Melanie and her boy fade from my mind. Then, late one afternoon, out of the blue, the phone rang. It was Melanie, and she sounded upset. 

With a voice just above a whisper, she asked, "Can Bobby and I meet you somewhere to talk?" 

Remembering the cute girl and her little boy whom I had given a ride, I quickly agreed to meet with them. "Where would you like to meet?" 

"Some place private and quite, please." With a bit of hesitation, she asked, "Can we, maybe, come to your place?" She softly asked.

"Well, sure, I suppose that'll be OK. Is something wrong?" I asked.

"We just need to get out of here for a while. How do I get to your house?"

I gave her the directions to my home, and told her, "It should only take you about 20 minutes to get here." 

She said, "OK" and hung up.

About 30 minutes later, Melanie and Bobby pulled into my drive. As I approached them, Melanie had her back to me. She was helping Bobby out of his car seat in the back of her car.

With a broad grin, I cheerfully said, "Hi guys. How ya doing?"

As she let Bobby climb out of the car, Melanie stood, turned, and said, "Not too well."

I was shocked! Her cute face looked terrible. She had a blackened left eye, her cheek was bruised, her lower lip was badly swollen, and her eyes were red from crying. 

"What the hell happened to you? Are you alright?" 

She began crying and said, "I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't be here. I hardly know you, but I had no one else I could call. My family is back east and the few friends I have here can't help." 

I put my arm around her shoulders, and told her, "Come inside, tell me what happened, and I'll do what I can to help." I then guided her into my living room, sat her on the couch, and brought her a cup of tea. I then got her an icepack for her bruised face. 

As she sipped the tea, with tears flowing down her cheeks, Melanie went into a story of abuse at the hands of her husband, Rob. Bobby sat quietly beside his mother. 

Melanie told me, "Rob drinks too much. He used to just cuss at me. But, lately, when he'd come home drunk, he'd hit me. Until today, he just slapped my face. Then, after slapping me around, he expected me to make love to him that night. Today, when he came home, drunk as usual, he started hitting me with his fist. Bobby started crying and yelled at Rob to stop hitting me. Rob then slapped Bobby and knocked him down. That's when I knew we had to get out. You're the only one I know that Rob doesn't know. I hid your card the day you gave it to me, and he has no idea who or where you are."

"Damn! No one should take that kind of crap. You and Bobby can stay here for a while, if you like. I have an extra room. Or, I can help you get a room someplace. I have a friend who owns a motel. It's not in the best area, but it'll be safer than your place. But first, have you two had dinner?"

"No. We left as soon as Rob fell asleep." She replied.

"Then you two relax and let me fix you something." About 20 minutes later, I served them cheeseburgers and fries. 

Shortly after dinner, I turned on some TV cartoons for Bobby while Melanie and I talked about her short and long-term options. She said she knew she could never go back to Rob. 

Bobby was soon fast asleep on my living room floor. 

"It looks like Bobby has decided to stay here. How about you?" I asked. 

"I'd like to stay here a little while, if you don't mind." She said.

"You can stay s long as you need to." 

I then gathered the sheets, blankets, and pillows to make them a place to sleep in my spare bedroom. There was no bed in the room, but with several blankets and a carpeted floor under them, Bobby and Melanie soon had a fairly comfortable 'bed' to sleep on. 

Melanie carried Bobby to their room while I moved her car to the back yard. That way, it would not be seen from the street. Melanie didn't want Rob, or any of his friends, spotting it. After moving her car, I brought their small suitcases with me when I went in.

Melanie and I then sat on opposite ends of the couch, sipped tea, and talked for several hours. Her tears had dried, and she was beginning to relax. The stress of her day had taken its toll on her. She was exhausted. She apologized when she started yawning. She agreed when I suggested she take a shower and go to bed. We'd continue our talk in the morning. 

As I cleaned the kitchen, Melanie disappeared into the bathroom. A short time later, she went to her room.

When Melanie left the bathroom, I took a quick shower and went to bed as well. I heard Melanie get up several times that night. I guess the stress she was under wouldn't let her sleep very well. 

The next day, Mel went to the local police station and filed an assault complaint on Rob. Then she went to the courthouse and had a restraining order placed on him. When she returned from court late that afternoon, she found I had made room for her car next to mine in the carport.

I ordered a pizza and popped a cartoon movie into the VCR for Bobby. Melanie and I shared part of a bottle of wine as we ate the pizza. 

Bobby must have been starving. He ate nearly half the pizza. He sure was cute with his face covered in pizza sauce matching his red hair. 

After Melanie gave him a bath, Bobby settled in to finish watching his movie. Like the previous night, he again dozed off on the living room floor. Mel carried him to bed. 

After talking for another hour, or so, Mel and I were getting tired as well. She took her shower and joined Bobby. 

When Melanie got out of the bathroom, I took a shower and went to bed as well. 

Just as I was about to doze off, I heard a soft knock and my bedroom door slowly opened. I looked up to see Melanie standing in the doorway. She was using a long, white, T-shirt as a nightgown. It came down several inches past her hips, so she was well covered. Lucky for me, the hallway light behind her was silhouetting her oh so petite body through her nightshirt. 

"Are you alright?" I asked.

"I've tried, but I can't go to sleep. Would you mind holding me for just a little while?

Without saying a word, I flipped my bed sheet back and held out my arms to her.

Melanie softly walked to my bed and climbed in. Facing me, she cuddled up close, and I firmly, but gently, pulled her to my chest. She put her head on my shoulder and snuggled up to my neck. Her left arm was draped over my chest and her right arm folded between us. 

I placed my left arm under her head and neck and held her close. With my right hand, I caressed the back of her head. 

"Thank you so much. I don't know what we'd have done if you hadn't helped." She then kissed my neck.

"Shhhhhh. It's OK. You're safe here. No one will hurt you. Go to sleep now." I whispered, as I softly kissed her forehead.

Melanie still didn't go to sleep. She quietly sobbed into my shoulder and continued to kiss my neck while she let her left hand come around and begin rubbing my chest. 

I continued stroking the back of her head and gently kissed her bruised eye and cheek. 

Slowly, Mel turned her face up toward mine. Our lips met in the most tender of kisses I have ever enjoyed. As our kiss lingered, it became more and more passionate. When I probed her lips with my tongue, she opened her mouth and sucked it in. Our tongues fought a mock duel. 

I moved my hand that had been stroking her head slowly down her back. I messaged her back while moving my hand lower and lower until I had a hand full of Mel's cute little ass. Given her petite size, my hand nearly covered her entire left cheek. A firm squeeze brought a deep sigh from Melanie.

Melanie let her left hand slide from my chest, down my belly, and tentatively wrapped her fingers around my semi-erect cock. 

I then moved my hand from her ass, up under her shirt, and slowly toward her chest. Melanie tensed, leaned her chest into me, and said, "Please don't! Rob says I don't have any tits."

"That's OK, Mel. I think you're beautiful whether you have tits or not." I told her.

"Really? You really think I'm beautiful? Even if I don't have tits, you think I'm beautiful?" Melanie seemed surprise a man could find her attractive, let alone beautiful.

Holding her firmly to me again, I softly told her, "Mel, you have a great little body. I don't care if you have tits or not. Would you do me a favor?"

"Of course, what do you want?" She asked.

"Get up, take off your shirt and panties, and let me see you." 

With just a brief hesitation, Mel took her hand off my cock, and slowly got out of bed. 

I turned a small bedside light on. I wanted a good look at the sweet little body that had come to my bed. I could tell she was nervous. So, I encouraged her. Quietly, I told her, "It's OK, Honey. Take your time."

Slowly, Mel pushed her silky, white panties off her hips and let them fall to the floor. She was more embarrassed by her extremely small breasts than she was of showing her pussy. She then took the bottom of her shirt and began pulling it up her slender body. She quickly proved the hair on her head was natural. Her pubic hair was just a little darker shade of red than the hair on her head. As she continued to pull her top up, she revealed smoothly rounded hips and a flat belly. Again, she briefly hesitated, before pulling her top completely over her head and throwing it into the corner of the room. Mel looked like a little doll standing before me, completely naked, her arms hanging to her sides. 

Melanie was truly a beautiful girl. It was also true she had very little, if any, in the way of tits. Her breasts were the fried egg variety. Her breasts only created a slight rise above her ribs. She did have an absolutely fantastic set of nipples though. Her areolas were over an inch and a half in diameter, and her nipples stood out from her chest like pencil erasers at least a quarter inch long. 

"Turn for me, Baby." I requested.

She slowly turned completely around. Her ass was small, tight, and very nicely rounded. 

"Wow! Baby, you really are beautiful. I can't wait to suck on those nipples and squeeze that ass." I told her. "Now, get back in here."

Through the pain of her swollen lip, Mel began smiling broadly as she nearly jumped back into my bed. "You really think I'm beautiful?

"Yes, Baby! I sure do. Rob is a blind idiot if he can't see how pretty you are."

Mel scooted tightly up to me and, without the least hesitation, grabbed my cock and started slowly stroking it to a full erection. She carefully kissed my mouth as passionately as she could without hurting her lip. 

I grabbed her ass, squeezed firmly, and pulled her to me. Using her ass as a handle, I pulled Mel up to where I could get my mouth on her left nipple. 

As short as she was, she couldn't continue to reach my cock anymore. So, she used her hands to pull my mouth to her chest. She was moaning as she pulled me tightly to her nipple.

As I sucked harder and harder on her nipple, it grew even longer. In no time, it was nearly half an inch long and hard as a little rock. I rolled her onto her back and divided my attention between her nipples until they were both standing hard and proud. 

Mel was rocking her head back and forth while she held my head to her chest. "Oh yes! Suck my tits. Suck 'em hard." 

I was more than happy to comply with her request.

While sucking one nipple, and pinching the other, I let my free hand slide down her flat belly to her pussy. I gave her pubic bush a few gentle strokes before letting my hand trail down between her slightly spread legs. With my finger, I gave her one slow, pussy-lip parting stroke that stopped with a light touch to her clit. 

Mel's legs practically flew apart. "Oh God!" She gasped. A few more strokes like that, and Mel was beginning to breath rapidly, arching her back, and lifting her ass off the bed. 

I left her nipples and kissed my way down her body. 

She immediately began twisting and pinching her nipples herself. 

I ended my journey down Mel's body when I was laying between her widely spread legs. 

In a short time, I had replaced the finger stroking her pussy with my tongue. A pussy-lip parting lick again brought her hips off the bed again. After several more licks like that, I settled my lips on her clit and began gently licking and sucking that sensitive little morsel. I slowly increased the suction, while watching Mel's face and hands. 

Her head was rolling back and forth. She was pinching her nipples very hard and pulling them outward from her chest. Her pussy was dripping wet. 

I released her clit and inserted my tongue into her love hole as deeply as I could. 

Mel released her nipples, grabbed the back of my head, and pulled my face as tightly as she could into her pussy. As she ground her pussy on my face, she said with a gasp, "Will you please fuck me now?"

"No! I'm not going to fuck you. I'm going to make love to you." I replied.

"Oh Honey, do what ever you want to me." She sounded as if she was near tears again. 

Kissing my way up her little body, I found it somewhat difficult to put my cock into Mel's pussy and still be able to kiss her. I'm not that tall, but she was so tiny. Sucking a nipple while my cock stayed in her pussy was impossible in the male dominant missionary position. 

Wrapping my arms around her, I said, "Come here, Baby." I then rolled us over so she was prone on top of me. I took her under her arms and lifted her to a sitting position over my hips. As I lifted her, Mel folded her legs so her knees were alongside my body. She reached between her legs and held my cock. As I lowered her, she aimed my cock into her pussy. 

Mel then took control. Kneeling over me, she took my hands from her sides and placed them on her little tits. I quickly began pinching, pulling, and rolling her nipples with my thumbs and forefingers. 

After making a few minor adjustments to her position, Mel sat down until she had my cock's head in her tight pussy. 

"Pinch my tits, Honey." She told. 

When I firmly pinched her nipples and squeezed her small breasts, Mel sat down firmly. She had fully impaled her hungry pussy on my cock. She had one of the tightest pussies I'd ever been in. From that point on, I was just along for the ride. She rode me hard and fast. She repeatedly lifted her pussy up and slammed it back down hard on my cock in rapid succession. 

In a short time, I was about ready to cum. Though I knew it was hopeless, I did my best to hold off the inevitable. I wanted Mel to get all she could from our night together. I also wanted to stay in her tight pussy and enjoy the ride as long as I could. 

Damn, that little gal could fuck. 

Then, just as I began to lose control, and felt the undeniable urges of my balls to let go, Mel pitched forward, to lay on my chest, and cried, "I'm cuuummmmmming!" She quickly bounced back to her sitting position, raised up, slammed her pussy down on my cock, and ground her clit onto my pelvis. 

I reached down, grabbed her by her hips, and held her cunt down on my cock as tightly as I could. I told her, "Me too, Baby." Holding her down tightly, I lifted my hips and pumped my load of cum deep into her hungry hole. 

As our orgasms subsided, Mel fell forward onto my chest again. I wrapped my arms around her and held her snugly to me. "Oh Baby, you are one hell of a fuck. You've about worn me out."

"Me too." Mel said breathlessly. " It's been years since I've gotten off like that. I hope we can do that again real soon."

"So do I." 

As Mel lay on my chest, my softening cock still in her pussy, she started to doze off. I asked, "Honey, do you think you ought to go back in with Bobby? We don't want him to wake and wonder where Mommy is."

"It'll be OK." Mel said. "He may have to get used to it. If you don't mind, can we stay here for a while?"

"Mind? Why would I mind having a beautiful girl like you and a cute kid like Bobby staying with me? I have just one question. Do I need to buy a twin or double bed for the spare room?" 

As a broad smile spread over Little Mel's face, she kissed me, hugged me and snuggled close to my neck. She kissed my neck and whispered into my ear, "Just a twin, I think." 

With Mel still laying on my chest, we dozed off to sleep. We slept soundly through the rest of night.

The next day, accompanied by a police officer, Melanie retrieved the rest of her and Bobby's clothes from her old home. As she returned to my place and pulled into the drive. 

I met her with a hug, a kiss, and, "Welcome home, Honey." 

Little Mel smiled broadly and returned the hug and kiss. As Bobby ran into the house, she whispered, "Are you up for another round tonight?"

I pulled her close, discreetly gave a nipple a little tweak, and said, "Silly girl, what do you think?"