 A warm morning and I wake late, the sun on my bed, feeling lazy. I slide a hand down my front, feel my breasts through the cotton night gown, spread my legs a little. I'm horny in a vague way and think about fapping, conscious that I also need to go to the loo. I circle a hand on my belly, feel the pressure inside, slip fingers down over my mound, press there as well, mind drifting back twenty years to another sunny morning...

It's a Saturday in spring and the sun through the curtains warms the bed, wakes us. Leo rolls towards me, spoons, an arm going around my waist, his morning glory against my buttocks. I can feel the heat of his cock through my nightie and he presses, nuzzles sleepily at my neck. In a moment his hand finds my breasts, cups one then the other, tweaks a nipple.

'Someone woke up horny,' I say.

'Yeah, me too,' he says and laughs at his own joke.

He humps against me a little, hugs me closer, bites an ear lobe, mashes a soft breast.

'Ok, ok,' I chuckle. 'But quietly then, don't wanna wake the kids.'

'They're teenagers and it's Saturday,' he says. 'They'll sleep till noon.'

I turn to him and we kiss, his tongue going deep in my mouth, both hands now on my breasts. It's nice and I kiss him back, suck on his tongue, feel for his cock and stroke it lightly, loving its thick pulsing length in my hand, tease the foreskin back and forth.

'How about a blow job, luv,' he asks.

'Sure,' I reply. 'And will you return the favour?'

'You know it,' he says and we both laugh because often enough, once he has cum, he loses interest.

Anyway, I'm happy to blow him and push back the quilt, kneel between his spread legs. He sighs when I take him in my mouth, stretched lips pushing back the foreskin, tongue wiping pre-cum from his slippery knob, teasing the piss slit, and he puts a hand on my shoulder so I slide down the first half of his shaft. I pull back up then keeping lips tight, slide slowly back down, his shaft straining with the pressure, blood pulsing in the thick vein. Halfway down then back up, slowly down. I cup his balls, squeeze a little as I suck up and down.

'Mmmm, that's it babe,' he says, voice tight. 'Suck me deep now.'

I have never been able to take him entirely but go as far as I can, pause there, almost his full length in my mouth, hot and male against my tongue, spongy knob against the back of my throat, then back up. I get into a bit of a rhythm, one hand on his balls, the other firmly holding the bottom half of his shaft, mouth sliding up and down the top half. But being bent over like this is very uncomfortable with a full bladder and suddenly I feel a little wetness on my inner leg.

'Sorry babe,' I say, pulling my face up. 'Gotta go to the loo.'

'Come on luv,' he pleads. 'I'm not far off.'

'Look, I'm already messing the bed,' and I shuffle back so he can see. 'Won't be long,' I assure him and slap his erection so it sways and he flinches. 'Keep it ready for me babe.'

I go in the bathroom, bunch up my nightie and sit on the toilet, relax. I've been holding it in so long that it's a few seconds before a trickle begins, then a steady stream, and I sigh in relief, my bladder beginning to empty.

'Sounds like a real gusher,' says Leo, walking in naked, his cock swaying before him, and stands right up before me. 'You can finish me off as you piss,' he says and holds the side of my face, wipes his cock over my lips.

'Jesus, love! Just hol- fffflllllllllbbbbbb!'

He pushes his cock in my mouth as soon as I start talking and begins to saw back and forth, forcing me to suck him. I try to pull away but he holds me and anyway I can't exactly go anywhere. He senses me giving in and releases my head, smirking as I begin to bob back and forth. I have stopped pissing in all this but now relax again and the sound of my lips on his cock mix with the splashing below making me feel vaguely sexy.

'God your piss stinks,' he says wrinkling his nose. 'Didn't you go during the night?'

'Mmmmpppphhfff!' I say round his cock, shaking my head 'no'.

'Me neither,' he says then reaches for my breasts and squeezes them through the thin cotton, rubs thumbs across my nipples.

Despite myself I immediately feel aroused and he grins when my nubs thicken. I moan a little around his cock and reach between my legs, rub my bush, my glistening gash, fingers getting wet with pee, then rub higher, press on my bud, moan around his cock again.

'Yeah,' he says in a tone that I recognise with a little thrill. 'You are such a slut!' I shudder at the word, moan again, rub faster. 'A real piss slut! Fingering that pissy cunt while you suck my cock!'

How does he know exactly when to say those kinds of things! My pussy spasms and I suck his dick hungrily, use my spare hand to wank the base of his shaft. I suck up and down the top half, my other hand soaked in the stream of urine and pressing on my clit.

'Christ FUCK!' he says and goes up on his toes, his cock pulsing between my lips and a jet of bleachy semen spraying along my tongue. 'FUCK!' another jet. 'Fuuuuccckkkkk!' a last spray and some splashes.

He pants and slumps a little, strokes the side of my head as I nurse his softening penis. I have finished urinating and had a little orgasm of my own. It seems a perfect ending. I'm about to pull away and reach for the toilet paper when Leo's hand tightens, holds me by the hair and he grunts and starts to pee. I try to pull away, startled, but he holds me still, presses forward and pins me with the weight of his belly, salty warm piss filing my mouth. 

I look up at him, eyes wide and pleading, but he has a determined look and his hand is firm in my hair. My mouth is soon full and I let the salty acrid urine leak out the corners, feel distress as it runs down my chin, soaks the front of my nightie.

'Swallow!' he demands and I blink at the intensity in his voice but don't move, pee still running from the corners of my mouth. 'Swallow you fucking piss slut!' he says and slaps a breast.

Those words again! God, the almost instant twinge in my parts. He slaps my breast again - thwack! - the wet nightie clinging to it and I nearly swoon, swallow as he wants, my mouth filling again, his pee dark and strong. He smirks down at me and nods slowly, slaps my breast again and I swallow, eyes tight shut for an instant at the foul taste and the sting of his open palm. 

He sways back a little, hand at his cock now, pulls it from my mouth and guides the stream over my face, then in my hair as I try and twist away, then, laughing, down my front thoroughly soaking my nightie.

'Open those pissy legs, slut,' he orders. 'Yeah,' he says when I obey, 'you're fuckin' loving it you piss whore,' and guides his stream right at my straining clit.

'Ohhhh god!' I say, convulsing a little and cumming immediately, my thighs quivering with the intensity, his thick stream pounding on my nub and running down my gash and into the toilet. 'Yyyuuuurrrrgggghhhh!'

The orgasm is so intense I can't sit upright and slide off the toilet, lie on the floor, hugging my knees. Leo stands over me pissing a few more seconds until he has finished then lies down behind me, hugs me, holds my wet body to him as I gradually come down, nuzzles in my urine soaked hair, murmurs that he loves me.

Now, twenty years later, I slide fingers in and out my vag, squelching not just with my juices but also with a few trickles of urine, and I know I will soon cum. Though not with the same intensity that I did that time I was my husband's piss slut...