 It had been several weeks since Melanie (Little Mel), and her 5-year-old son, Bobby, had left an abusive husband. They had sought refuge with me in my home. I, of course, agreed to let them stay in my spare room.

It was so depressing to see a cute little girl like Mel hurting both physically and mentally. In addition to her face, Mel's husband, Rob, had badly damaged her self-esteem. She told me Rob had repeatedly said to her, "No other man would want a titless little bitch like you!" 

Her black eye, bruised cheek, and swollen lip healed quickly. Mel was soon back to looking like the cute, 4'11", 85 pound, red-haired, little sweetheart I remembered meeting not long ago. 

Her self-esteem took a bit more time and TLC to recover. I frequently reminded Mel how pretty, cute, sweet, and desirable she was. She always giggled when I'd tell her she looked good enough to eat. Occasionally, without warning or reason, I'd take her in my arms and give her an extended her. 

Gradually, Melanie began to show a much happier side of her self. She would greet me as I came in from work by running to me, leaping into the air, and wrapping her arms around my neck. Her feet, dangling nearly a foot off the floor, would be swinging in the air, as she passionately kissed me. 

When I thought she felt safe and comfortable with me, I began gently teasing her about her size. I'd tell her she reminded me of a cute, little, 14-year-old, high school girl. I'd then give her a gentle swat on her round, denim covered, ass. She always wore jeans that snugly hugged her hips. 

Bobby, in the mean time, had settled in nicely. When he wasn't running through the house, he was in the back yard wearing out Dog, my 1-year-old, male, German Shepard. In the past few weeks, Bobby and Dog had bonded to each other. They were nearly inseparable, except when Mel made Bobby come inside to eat or prepare for bed. I guess Dog enjoyed romping with an active 5-year-old more than chasing the sticks I'd throw for him. 

After a while, Mel and I decided to let Dog in at night. He would go to bed when Bobby did and sleep on the floor next to his new friend. It looked like I had lost my dog to Bobby. 

It was also looking like I had acquired an instant family. 

One Friday evening, I had called to let Mel know I'd be working late. It was well past Bobby's bedtime when I got home, and the house was quiet when I came in. 

Instead of running to me and jumping into my arms as she usually did, Little Mel called out to me from the bathroom. She told me, "Make yourself a drink and relax on the couch. I'll be out in a few minutes."

"OK!" I called back. It had been a long, hard, day, and I could use a tall, cold, CC & Coke and a few minutes to unwind. 

I had downed about half my drink when Mel came into the living room. I nearly choked on my drink when I saw her. 

Little Mel didn't just walk in. She came somersaulting into the living room wearing a cheerleader's outfit. Just a couple of feet in front of me, she bounced up to her feet, and held her hands tightly to her sides. Grinning from ear to ear, Mel said, "We'll win tonight!"

I told this little doll standing in front of me, "Turn around slowly so I can admire my little cheerleader." 

Little Mel practically beamed as she rotated in front of me. She had her red hair pulled back into a ponytail. Her knit top was royal blue with a gold "P" on her chest. Mel seldom wore a bra. She didn't need one, and she hadn't worn one that night. Her nipples, however, were making noticeable bumps on either side of the "P". The extra short skirt was also royal blue with gold trim around the waist and hem. From my vantage point on the couch, I could see a pair of gold panties under her little skirt. She wore gold socks that had a blue "P" on the outside of each ankle and white deck shoes.

I was grinning like a high school quarterback who had just thrown the game winning touchdown pass. Although I knew she was twenty-two years old, given her small size, and nearly flat chest, Melanie looked just like a 14-year-old high school cheerleader. I finished my drink and told her, "Little girl, you look good enough to eat." 

"Oh, I sure hope so." She seductively replied. "I'll bet you didn't know I used to be a cheerleader. Did you?"

"Well, hurray for our side! Let the games begin." I said, as I reached out to take her hands. 

Mel said, "Not yet! This is going to be our Friday night date. The ball game is over, and we're going to the dance. When the dance is over, you might get lucky." 

She had already stacked up several of my old classic rock and roll LPs on the player. While she started the music, I made us a drink. 

We danced to tunes from the 50s and 60s. Like a typical high school boy, I copped a feel at every opportunity. Though Mel had tits like fried eggs, her nipples were fantastic and were soon trying to drill holes in her knit top. My caresses and gentle pinching had brought them to life. Little Mel emitted cooing sounds each time I squeezed her ass and pulled her tightly to me. 

Mel, in the mean time, had been stroking the cock growing in my pants. She cooed and groaned each time I nibbled her neck and pinched a nipple. I'm sure our dance floor antics would have caused the principle to throw us out of any high school dance. 

After about half an hour or so of drinking and dancing, I held her tight and whispered in her ear, "Why don't we go some place where I can see if you really are good enough to eat."

"I thought you'd never ask." She replied.

I reached down, grabbed an ass cheek in each hand, and pulled Mel up my body until her head rested on my shoulder. She wrapped her arms around my neck, her legs around my waist, and I carried her by her ass to my bedroom. When we got to the bedroom, she let her legs drop. I lowered her to the floor to stand in front of me. 

"Let me undress you. I've never dated a cheerleader, and I'd like to strip my little girlfriend to see what you've got under there."

"OK, but I want to do something first." 

With that, she dropped to her knees, lowered my zipper, and pulled my rapidly growing cock from my pants. Holding my cock up, Mel started licking my cock's underside and balls. She sucked each ball, in turn, into her mouth and thoroughly swabbed them with her tongue. Then she slowly licked and kissed every inch of my shaft on her way to my cock's head. Little Mel took a brief look at the drop of precum that had seeped out of my cock, quickly lapped it up, and took my cock's head into her mouth.

I couldn't believe the pleasure I felt from watching my cock slowly disappear into the mouth of the most petite and beautiful little gal I had ever been with. Hasn't every guy, at one time or another, wanted a cheerleader on her knees in front of him? 

Mel never let her tongue rest. It constantly danced around my shaft and head as she slid her mouth up and down the length of my cock. She was sucking like she was trying to get the first sip of a thick malt through a small straw. 

It wasn't long before I was ready to cum. I gently cupped her cheeks with my hands, and reluctantly pulled her mouth off my cock. As she looked up with her beautiful green eyes, I told her, "Honey, if you do much more of that, I'm going to cum."

She smiled up at me, and said, "You've tasted me before, now I want to taste you." Mel then went back to work on my cock. In no time, her powerful sucking and rapid tongue action had me on the brink again. I grabbed her ponytail and helped her set a pace that took me over the edge.

As the first surge of cum rushed from my cock, Mel stopped bobbing up and down and held my cock deep in her mouth. She seemed to suck even harder, if that was possible, and swallowed every drop of my cum. Slowly, she slid her mouth off my cock and gently licked me clean. Smiling up at me, she said, "A little salty, but I can get to like it."

"Haven't you ever sucked a cock before?" I asked.

Still on her knees, she said, "I've sucked Rob a few times, but I never let him cum in my mouth. With him, it just seemed disgusting, especially when he tried to push it down my throat. With you, it was nice."

Helping her stand, I hugged her, and said, "Thanks, Baby! That was a great blow-job and a special gift." 

I then reached for the waist line of her top and began pulling it up. "OK, my sweet, young, cheerleader, let's see what you're hiding under that little outfit."

Mel held her arms over her head, and the knit top came off easily. Her nipples were already rather firm. I wasted no time dropping to my knees and sucking one into my mouth. I pinched, pulled, and rolled the other nipple between my thumb and forefinger. Alternating between nipples, I soon had them both rock hard and standing out at least half an inch from her puffy areolas.

Mel was holding the back of my head and pulling my face tightly to her chest. She liked having her tits worked hard, and was moaning her approval. 

Mel had kicked her shoes off as I had helped her stand. As my mouth continued to work on her nipples, I put a thumb in each side of her little skirt and pushed down. As the skirt and gold panties came down together, I kissed my way down her slender body. 

Mel stepped out of her skirt. 

Then, I kissed my way toward Mel's pussy. As I knelt in front of her, I got another surprise. Little Mel, to maintain the young cheerleader fantasy, had shaved her red pubic hair. Her pussy was completely bald and smooth.

"Oh, Baby, that's beautiful. Now, let's see if you're good enough to eat." I grabbed two hands full of Mel's ass and pulled her freshly shaved pussy to my mouth. I kissed her pubic mound, and worked my tongue as far as I could into her slit. 

Mel, still holding the back of my head, began quivering, and said, "Oh shit!"

I stood, and cradled my little cheerleader in my arms. I carried her to the bed and gently placed her on it. I stood beside the bed, admiring little Mel, as I finished undressing. She lay quietly before my gaze with nothing on but her gold socks with the blue "P" at each ankle. The sight of her flat chest, except for those fantastic nipples, slender body, and now bald pussy was the stuff that caused high school boys to have wet dreams.

I dropped my pants and my cock sprang free again. 

With a smile on her lips, Mel gave a mock gasp, and said, "Oh my! I don't know if I can take all of that. I've never done this before, you know." She held her arms out inviting me to join her on the bed. 

"Don't worry, Baby. I'm sure you can handle it." I told her. With a grin covering my face, I climbed into bed next to little Mel.

Continuing our fantasy, I slowly prepared my little cheerleader for what was to come. I very slowly and gently began caressing Mel's chest while nibbling her ears and neck. Though she had very small breasts, she was not completely flat chested. 

Over the past few weeks, I had learned Mel likes having her tits firmly handled. So, as I nuzzled her neck and ears, and she began responding, I used more and more pressure to squeeze her tits. 

Mel was soon moaning and rubbing the back of my head. She guided my head and mouth to her nipples. I again alternated between her tits. I let my free hand wander down her soft, smooth, belly. When I reached her recently shaved pubic mound, I gently stroked the area as if stroking a favorite pet.

I then let my hand slide between Mel's partially open legs. The gap between her legs widened as I stroked a finger up and down her juicy slit. She was already very wet. Her pussy juices were running down toward her asshole. When I inserted a finger into her hole, Mel spread her legs wide and said, "I think you found the right spot."

After a few finger strokes in her pussy, I inserted another finger and began kissing my way down her belly from her tits. Mel kept rubbing the back of my head. When I reached her pussy with my mouth, I, oh so gently, flicked my tongue over her clit. 

Mel seemed to give up on the fantasy of being a young, virginal, cheerleader. Loudly, she cried, "Oh shit! Eat my pussy. Please, suck my clit."

I was only too happy to do as she asked. While I continued to stroke two fingers in her hole, I softly wrapped my lips around her erect clit. 

With Mel holding my head tightly to her pussy, I continued to flick my tongue over and around her clit. When I firmly sucked her clit into my mouth, Mel lost it. She lifted her ass off the bed, raising her pussy up to meet my mouth. I sucked her clit as hard as I could, and she yelled. "Oh shit! Suck me! Suck my pussy hard! Oh God, yes! I'm cuming! Don't stop!"

I had no intention of stopping. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, put her legs over my shoulders, and grabbed her hips. I then attacked her clit and pussy with a fury. My mouth and tongue were all over Mel's drenched cunt. 

As I firmly pulled Mel's pussy toward my hungry mouth, she moved her hands to her tits. She forcefully twisted, pinched, and pulled her nipples. She came several times before lowering her ass back to the bed as she settled down a bit. 

I continued to lick and suck her pussy, but at a more leisurely pace. When Mel began to approach another orgasm, I teased her asshole with a finger. 

Mel gasped, and said, "You can if you want, but I've never taken it in the ass before. Please be careful." 

"We can save that for another night, Baby." I told her. "Tonight I want to wear this pussy out." 

Mel, still breathing hard, said, "I don't know how much more I can take. I've already cum at least four times, and you haven't even put your cock in my pussy yet." 

Still holding Mel's legs over my shoulders, I raised them higher and lined my up cock to enter her pussy. 

As the head of my cock started to enter her pussy, Mel moaned and squeezed her breasts. "Mmmmmm. Give it to me hard and fast, Honey. I want my pussy to feel well-used tonight." 

"Ok, little girl. Here it comes." Without another word, I used her thighs for leverage and slammed my cock fully into Mel's tight, hot, cunt. 

Mel sharply inhaled before letting a long deep groan escape her lips. 

If she wanted it hard and fast tonight, that's how she'd get it. I pounded her cunt as hard as I could until I was about to cum, again. I then dropped her legs from my shoulders and fell on top of her torso.

Mel quickly wrapped her legs around my hips. We tightly hugged as I pumped my load of cum deep into her core.

We cuddled a short time before dozing off to sleep, my slowly softening cock still soaking in Mel's pussy. My last thought, as I drifted off, was of the possibility of fucking little Mel's virgin ass in the near future.