 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



Nobody knew I was going to be in town to attend a training the following week so my goal was to surprise a few old friends that weekend. Among other things, Facebook is a wonderful tool for stalking your friends. I was pleased to see that a girl from my neighborhood growing up was promoting a reunion of sorts at the American Legion hall and that a bunch of people I knew were planning to attend. On Saturday afternoon, after it had been underway for a while, I drove over. As I entered the front door, I saw Sarah heading toward the main hall, leading her young son by the hand. Naturally my eyes went right to her ass, which looked outstanding. She'd been a skinny little thing when we'd been teenagers but she definitely had grown some nice curves since we'd last seen each other in person. We'd fooled around once when we were younger but it hadn't gone very far and had only happened the once. If we hadn't both been married, I certainly would have been interested in trying to pick up where we'd left off.

She paused at the entrance to the main hall and her son took off into the room. As she was standing there watching him, I sidled up to her.

"Is this a private party?" I asked and she turned to look at me, her eyes getting wide.

"Oh my God!" she screamed and jumped into my arms.

Everybody turned to see what Sarah was screaming about but I think most of my face was hidden by her hair at first. I didn't want to let her go as she hugged me tightly and I felt her body against mine but, eventually, she released me.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, "You didn't fly in just for this, did you?"

I explained about the training and wanting to surprise some old friends as she led me into the hall and a bunch of people I knew and some who just looked familiar started toward us. I hugged and shook hands with a lot of people I had not seen in a very long time, including MaryAnn, who I'd had a crush on probably from about fifth grade until sometime in high school. It was great to see everyone and we immediately started to catch up. Pretty soon, it was just like old times and the guys were busting each other's balls while flirting like crazy with the girls. I was coming back from the bathroom at one point later and spotted Sarah sitting alone at the corner of the bar where she appeared to be just finishing up a conversation on her cell phone. I grabbed the stool beside her and she gave me a long looking over.

"It's probably a good thing that you're married," she said finally, "because I think I'd end up jumping you otherwise."

"Despite your own wedding vows and your kid running around here somewhere?" I asked, definitely intrigued.

"Well, maybe I wouldn't jump you right now," she replied, "but I keep thinking about that night and how I had an opportunity that I let slip through my fingers."

"I'll tell you what, Sarah," I said, "if you'd be willing to break your marriage vows for me to take care of some unfinished business, I'd certainly be willing to do the same."

"Seriously?" she asked, "It might take some coordinating and we'd have to be really discreet."

"Can you get away tomorrow afternoon?" I asked, "You can just come over to my hotel."

"I'll text you later with a time frame once I coordinate it," she said, once I'd written down my hotel information for her, "Right now, though, I'd better go find out what my little guy is up to."

She walked away and I watched her ass, which appeared to have a little more swing in it than it had earlier. I was only alone at the bar for a minute or two when MaryAnn joined me, taking Sarah's vacated stool.

"Now what was that all about?" she asked with a mischievous glint in her eye.

"We were just reminiscing," I responded evasively.

"And you're meeting later tonight," she speculated, "to continue reminiscing?"

"No, absolutely not," I replied, "Tomorrow. Haven't got any plans for reminiscing tonight...yet."

"That almost sounds like an invitation," she noted.

"Know anyone who might be interested?" I asked.

"Depends on how you feel about idiots who didn't have the sense to appreciate a good guy when they were young and foolish," she replied.

"If they look as good as you, I'm willing to forget the past," I told her, "but if you have some guilt or regret that you want to work through, that's okay, too. You know, to make up for lost time."

She did look good, too. Like Sarah, she wasn't as thin as she had been back in the day, but her tits were much larger than the ones I'd so desperately wanted to get my hands on back then. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, which is pretty much what I recalled the teenage version of her wearing, too. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail and I could still see the girl I'd had a mad crush on despite the years that had passed. I wrote down my hotel information for her, too, but our plan was to meet up after this reunion broke up. She wanted to run home real quick first, but she was still planning to be at my hotel shortly after I got there.

There was still a lot of life left in the party but, as the afternoon wore on, people had commitments and other plans so the crowd gradually thinned out. I gave out a lot of hugs and handshakes as well as some contact information. I walked Sarah and her son to her car and gave her a big hug once he was strapped in. Though it was tempting to do more, I resisted the urge since I knew I'd have the opportunity the next day. MaryAnn and I didn't want to leave together so, when we were both ready to go, she split a few minutes ahead of me. I said my last goodbyes once she was gone and headed for my rental car. I got a call from MaryAnn shortly after I arrived back at the hotel to let me know that she was on her way. I tried to think if there was anything I needed to do, but all I really needed to do was wait.

When I opened the door to let her in, I was astounded by what she'd accomplished in the short time we'd been apart. She'd traded her jeans and t-shirt for a short sundress and a pair of cowboy boots and had taken the ponytail out of her hair. It also looked like she'd freshened up her makeup just a bit, but the look was very natural.

"Whoa," was all I could say as she entered the room.

"Thank you," she replied, "I know that I took your attention for granted when we were younger so I'm going to totally make it up to you tonight. This is just the beginning."

She took my hand and led me further into the room while I let the door close. At the end of the bed, she faced me and stretched up slightly to kiss me, her arms going around my neck. My hands went to her hips then around to her ass as we made out. I could feel that she had panties on beneath her sundress and was soon feeling the panties as I slipped my hands up under the dress. When she pulled her mouth from mine and stepped back, it was so that she could start to unbutton her sundress. I watched raptly while she smiled at my attentiveness. She didn't take it off once it was unbuttoned, just opened it so that I could see the matching bra and bikini panties she was wearing under it.

"So nice," I said before slipping my hands along her bare waist under the dress and kissing her again. I squeezed her ass through her panties just a bit more before dropping to my knees. I kissed her abdomen and hips before starting to slide the panties down, revealing a trim bush about the same dirty blonde color as the rest of her hair. I had her sit on the end of the bed and slipped the panties over her feet, then pushed her legs apart and kissed my way up along her smooth inner thighs. She leaned back on her elbows so I glanced up beyond her tits to see her look of anticipation before diving into eating her pussy. She moaned as I started lapping her slit, tasting her abundant nectar.

It was hard to believe that, as many times as I'd fantasized about eating MaryAnn's pussy, I was finally doing it. I had every intention of savoring every second of it while, at the same time, making sure that every second was incredibly pleasurable for her. I slipped a finger into her hot, slippery pussy, then followed it with a second while focusing my licking on her clit. She moaned and dropped completely onto her back while reaching down to grip my head. Her hips started to rock as I pumped my fingers in and out while licking and sucking her clit. I could feel her pussy becoming even more engorged and wetter the longer I went down on her and, based on the noises she was making, I surmised that she was approaching an intense orgasm. Even if it wasn't taking as long as I'd hoped, so that I could provide her with pleasure for even longer, I was stoked that she was clearly enjoying it.

I could feel her beginning to tense up, though she was holding my head tightly in place, as if there was someplace else I'd rather be. I kept up what I was doing because it was obviously working and she suddenly let out a louder moan and her entire body started to shake. She didn't let go of my head as she was cumming so I didn't stop eating her pussy. It wasn't until she did let go of my head and went limp on the bed, letting out a long sigh, that I raised my head and slipped my fingers out of her. As I straightened up, I slipped my fingers into my mouth and sucked her juices off of them. Looking over her with her tits still covered by her bra and her sundress open but still on, the next thing I wanted to do was get her naked. Once she'd recovered enough to sit up, I started to slide her arms out of the sleeves of her dress.

I caressed her tits, feeling her hard nipples through her bra, before reaching back to unfasten it. We kissed again as I unhooked her bra then I backed up as I slid it down her arms, revealing her tits. Her areolas were fairly large and her nipples were quite hard, so I leaned down to lick and suck them while caressing her tits.

"You need to get undressed," she moaned as I lavished oral attention on her tits. I reluctantly stopped and stood as I pulled my shirt over my head. She started to unfasten my jeans and worked them and my underwear down enough for my rigid cock to spring out. She immediately took it in her fist and started pumping it as she wrapped her lips around the head. I savored the feeling of her mouth sliding up and down my cock briefly, but figured there'd be plenty of time to indulge in that over the next few hours. When she paused momentarily, my cock out of her mouth, I leaned down and kissed her again.

"Do you want to keep your boots on?" I asked, since that was the only thing she was still wearing.

"Why don't you help me get them off?" she replied but, rather than just lifting her foot as she sat there, she turned and got on all-fours at the edge of the bed, her feet hanging off. I quickly shed my jeans and underwear then ran my hands over her round ass and down her thighs to her boots. While my attention was mostly on her pussy peeking out between her thighs below her ass, I slipped her boots off and let them drop to the floor. Straightening up again, I took my cock in hand and guided it into her hot, wet pussy, pushing until my hips were touching her ass. I took her by the waist and started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her, relishing the pleasurable feeling.

When her knees almost slipped off the end of the bed, I stopped and had her crawl further up then climbed on the bed behind her and slipped back into her pussy. I reached around to cup her swinging tits while one of her hands crept back between her thighs to caress her clit. As enjoyable as it was to finally have my cock inside MaryAnn, I decided that I wanted to be able to see her pretty face at the same time. When I was able to force myself to stop fucking her, I rolled onto my back beside her and invited her to straddle me. She leaned down to kiss me first, then straightened up on her knees and swung a leg over me. She reached down to guide my cock back into her as I started to caress her titties.

With a big smile, she started riding my cock while I just lay there enjoying the way it felt and watching how the big smile made her look even prettier. She tried a couple different motions before she found the one that apparently felt the best and stuck with it. While I appreciated the feel of her hot pussy and her pretty face smiling down at me, I was momentarily fixated on her tits and thoroughly explored the soft, smooth flesh. Eventually, I let my hands travel over her waist and hips and, of course, around to her ass as it moved up and down though my attention remained mostly on her bouncing tits. The harder and faster she rode me, the more they bounced at least until she decided to lean forward, propping herself up with a hand on each side of my head. At that point, her tits were swinging in my face while she rocked up and down on my tool. Taking them in my hands again, I started to lick and suck her hard nipples.

My hands ended up back around on her ass while my lips and tongue worked on her nipples and I was pushing up into her each time she came back onto my cock. She had closed her eyes and her moaning was growing louder and longer as she continued to ride my cock. I could feel her pussy becoming hotter and wetter around my cock and suspected that she was getting very close to cumming again. I was pleased that, not only was I finally fucking somebody who I'd wanted to fuck for a very long time, but I was also successfully pleasing her, which I'm not so sure I'd have been able to do back in the day. I certainly would have put the effort in if I'd been given the chance, however, but she was definitely getting the benefit of a lot more experience.

She let out a gasp and dramatically reduced her pace as shiver passed through her so I just left her in control and rode out her orgasm with her. It seemed to be long and intense, which was just what I was hoping for her. When she finally opened her eyes and started breathing more regularly, she looked down at me kind of dazed before leaning down to kiss me. After we made out for a moment or two, she started to crawl backwards, my cock slipping out of her as she kissed her way down over my chest and stomach. Kneeling between my spread legs, she wrapped her lips around my cock and inhaled it. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed my tool and her lips slid up and down it. I reached back for the pillows and propped myself up so that I could watch as she sucked my cock.

She definitely displayed significant talent as she bobbed her head up and down while pumping the base and caressing my balls. I'd wished so many times for the chance to slip my cock into her mouth, so I was absolutely savoring not only the pleasure I was feeling as a result of her skills, but the visual as well. I did my best to just relax and enjoy though I did run my fingers through her hair while softly encouraging her. It didn't take long to start feeling an orgasm building but she knew how to draw out the pleasure she was providing. She didn't torture me by not letting me cum, but allowed me to experience the bliss of her talented mouth for longer than I'd have thought possible. When I finally exploded into her mouth, it was an orgasm at least as intense as the one she'd experienced. She swallowed my load and nursed my cock until I was completely spent, then let it fall from her mouth and crawled back up to lie with me.

"This was so worth the wait," she said, "but I wouldn't have waited had I know it was going to be so awesome."

"Who knows," I replied, "it might not have been. I say we appreciate what has happened rather than lament what didn't."

"How about what will happen?" she asked.

"Trust me," I said, "I plan to appreciate every moment that you are here with me."

After a bit of time to recover, we were going at it again and made the most of the time that was available before she finally left in the wee hours of the morning. I managed to squeeze in a few hours of sleep before Sarah called to let me know when she'd be arriving, pinpointing the time more than the text that had arrived the previous evening when I'd been otherwise occupied. A long shower and some room service breakfast with a pot of coffee had me recharged prior to her knock on the door, but I suspect that just the anticipation of what was to come would have been sufficient.

To be continued...