 I saw her from halfway across the factory. She was being led to the assembly line by the production supervisor. It was from this very first glimpse of her that I simply knew that I had to have her. She looked like a little doll. She was very petite and had to have been at least two inches shy of five feet tall. She had a mane of flaming red hair, which cascaded down over her shoulders to the middle of her back and contrasted perfectly with her alabaster complexion. She looked just so young! She did not look as though she belonged in a factory. She would have been more suited to be seen walking down the halls of the local high school, but I was completely smitten with her. I wanted her. I had to have her! I needed her!!!

Well, let me take this opportunity to give you folks some background. I have been working at this factory as an electrician for the past six or seven months. After I had been working here about a month, my live-in girlfriend for the past five years and I decided to break up and go our separate ways.

It was not that we were incompatible, either in the emotional or sexual sense, but Hannah and I had been getting into very many arguments near the end of our relationship. These arguments were mostly due to my getting upset about the fact that Hannah was being "led around the nose" by her mother and her closest girlfriend. She did not realize that they were manipulating her to spend our money on things only her mother and closest girlfriend wanted, and that was the downfall of our relationship. 

You see, Hannah was almost seventeen years younger than I was (I'm forty), and I felt obligated to watch over her, almost as a father would. She was just so naive! I just hated to see her being used by those whom she thought loved and adored her for the person she was, but she could not nor would not see that she was being used. 

Well, enough of that...I am not bitter, just hurt by how things turned out. I was left feeling so empty and so alone. I still had my feelings for Hannah, but I knew that I had to move on for my own well being...not to mention the yearnings that I felt so deeply within my loins. Oh, I flirt with some of the younger women throughout the factory; I see and occasionally "hook up" with my ex-girlfriend's sister, Heather, who happens to like women more than men; and even have a "fuck-buddy" arrangement with a certain married co-worker, but I knew I needed to find someone with whom I can have a deeper relationship. I mean, casual sex can get a person through some "hard" times, but I do not find sex quite as enjoyable as it can be when one has deeper feelings for their partner.

As I mentioned before, I am employed here as an electrician; therefore, as long as things are running smoothly and there are no projects scheduled to be completed, I enjoy quite a bit of freedom to roam about the factory and flirt with the women...as long as I help them achieve the set production goals and do not impede them in any way.

* * *

I saw where the production supervisor had assigned my little vision of loveliness, so I thought I had better make my move before anyone else. I ambled my way over to where she was working and began to engage her in some small talk.

Oh my God, from this close distance I could see she was even more beautiful than I had originally thought! She had captivating baby-blue eyes in which I could simply lose myself. She also had a smattering of freckles, which looked so cute against her alabaster complexion and apple cheeks. God, she did not look a day over sixteen! She was wearing a fragrance (which I later found out was Jessica McClintock) that I found just as intoxicating as her beauty.

I found out that her name was Candi, but all her friends just called her "Little Red", or just simply "Red". I told her my name was Jon and that I had been working here about six months as an electrician. I also found out that she was actually twenty years old. Candi also told me something that at first made my heart just drop to the floor...she was married. Great, another married woman! Candi asked me if I were married, so I informed her about my fairly recent breakup with my girlfriend and the reasons behind it. 

As our conversation progressed, Candi conveyed to me how her husband is a drunk, does not like to hold a steady job, and that he is abusive to her. Candi also let me in on the fact that she plans on filing for divorce as soon as she saves up some money from the first couple of paychecks. Hey, maybe things are looking up! After hearing that bit of news, I decided to become flirtatious with our conversation and Candi was responding quite positively. Before long, the two of us were being quite raunchy with our dialogue...such as each other's sexual likes and dislikes, etc.

The next thing I knew it was almost time for lunch. Candi and I had been talking and flirting with each other for almost four hours! It was a good thing that I was wearing a smock, because with all the sexual bantering between the two of us, my cock was hard and throbbing. I could feel the precum leaking from my cock, probably leaving my underwear and pants quite stained and messy. I was sure glad that is was hidden from Candi's view. Since the plant personnel were allowed to leave the premises for lunch, I asked Candi if she wanted to get something to eat at Wendy's which was about three blocks away. She agreed, so we made our way towards the parking lot and we got into my Blazer.

"You know, you don't have to call me Candi. Little Red or Red will do," Candi chided.

"I'm sorry, Red, but I just met you about four hours ago," I responded.

"Yeah, but the way we've been talking to each other, I think you'd better call me Red. Oh, by the way, are you seeing anyone?"

"Well, kind of, but it's really nothing serious," I said not wanting to go into the fact with Red that I was screwing around a bit with a married woman.

"What are you doing Friday and Saturday nights," she asked.

"Well, I sort of had it planned to play and sing at this bar that a buddy of mine owns in my hometown of North Grayford. Why do you ask?"

"My husband, Jerry, is going out partying with his brothers over the weekend, and I know that he'll end up getting drunk and probably picking up some little slut. I am just so fucking sick and tired of being done like this, I just figure two can play at this game. Besides, I'm going to divorce the little cocksucker within the next few weeks anyway."

With that, I was just pulling into the Wendy's and was headed for the drive-through lane, but was directed by Red to pull into a parking space.

"What's it going to be, Jon, do you want to get together with me for the weekend, or what?"

"Well, I'm not in the habit of going out with married women," I lied straight to her face not wanting her to think I was quite the cad I actually was, because I really wanted something different with Red. "But if you are really going to divorce this creep, how can I refuse such an intriguing invitation? I really don't want to go to your house to pick you up though. Where can we meet?"

"You can pick me up at my aunt's house. She lives in Brewersburg...about 15 miles from where you live in North Grayford, but it is 20 miles from where Jerry and I live in Greensville. After I found out about Jerry's plans, I had planned on spending the weekend there anyway, but now I feel as though I have a much better option."

Just as I was getting ready to start up the Blazer to pull into the drive-through, Red grabbed my hand to stop me, and then she leaned into me and placed her lips to mine. Our kiss was tentative at first, but rapidly became more intense and passionate. Her soft lips tasted like candy (pardon the pun). Our darting tongues danced against one another as we both embraced each other. I was totally turned on and I just wanted to take Red right then and there. I didn't give a tinker's damn that it was broad daylight and we were in the parking lot at Wendy's! I really must admit the fact that Red was literally half my age did nothing to squelch my passion for her. I could feel my cock throbbing painfully as Red's hand came into contact with it.

"Oh my God, it's so fucking hard! It is just so damn big," Red said as she gave my erect member a gentle squeeze. "Good thing it is Wednesday, and Friday night is just a little more than two days away. Do you think you can hold out for that long, big boy? I know it is going to be just as hard for me!"

"Well, I guess we are going to have to, because there is nothing we can do about it right now unless we want to get arrested for public indecency. Besides, lunch is almost over and we really must be getting back," I responded as I started the truck.

* * *

We made it back to the factory with only two minutes to spare. Red went to her workstation, and as soon as the production supervisor saw me walking down the large aisle of the production floor, he notified me that there was a problem with the brazing ovens. I immediately grabbed my tool bag and made my way to the brazing ovens since a breakdown there for any length of time can bring production for the biggest part of the factory to a screeching halt.

As I went through my troubleshooting procedures, I found it extremely difficult to remain focused on the task. My thoughts kept drifting to Red and her sexy beauty. I was finally able to pull myself together and diagnose the problem. I was fortunate that the problem with the brazing oven was only a motion sensor, and I was able to get the line "up and running" in only 20 minutes. It had seemed like hours though, because I had been so distracted in my thoughts.

The rest of Wednesday passed by tortuously; Thursday and Friday were not much better. Oh, it was good to see and talk to Red every time I had the opportunity (which, sometimes, did not happen very often due to the sporadic workload of an industrial maintenance electrician), but the anticipation of what was to happen had my cock in a perpetual state of erection. In addition, Red would call me up in the evenings at home on my cell phone number whenever her husband would leave the house. We would engage in a little phone sex. Well, at least I could relieve myself in the privacy of my own home. 

When quitting time (2:30 pm) on Friday afternoon rolled around, I was frantic. Red had already given me written directions to her Aunt Mandy's house, and she asked me to pick her up at 6:00 pm. I hurriedly drove the 38 miles, which separated work from home, and I was quite surprised that I made it without getting a speeding ticket. As soon as I walked through the door, I started to make a tour through the house to make sure everything was clean and in order. This was just in case that I got lucky enough for her to want to come to my place. After I had ensured everything was up to par, I settled down on the sofa and rolled four joints from my stash of some killer "Purple Kush" indica bud that I had grown last year. I smoked less than half a joint and immediately started to feel a little more relaxed over this evening's upcoming events. Thank God for the gift of sinsemilla as my nervousness had completely disappeared! 

I decided it was time to get myself ready. I quickly shaved, showered, and shampooed. I applied little dabs of Davidoff's "Cool Water" cologne strategically to myself as I wanted to smell as sexy I could for my little vision of loveliness. Being the middle of summer, I decided to dress myself in khaki cargo shorts, white polo shirt, and a pair of "topsiders" deck shoes. I checked myself out in the mirror and thought I looked as good as I could as I possibly could. Grabbing my keys, cell phone, and the three-and-a-half joints I had rolled, I headed out on my way to pick up my little "babydoll". 

I studied the directions after I got into my blazer and once I thought I had a good grasp of where I was going, I started the engine and drove away towards my quest. Once I was underway, feelings of apprehension, or should I more accurately state excitement, were setting in again, so I decided to smoke what was left of the joint I had smoked on before my shower. I didn't really want to get really "blazed", but I just wanted to take off the edge.

* * *

I found Red's Aunt Mandy's house without any problems, which was amazing to me since I had already smoked a joint, and her aunt's house was way out in the boonies. As I drove down the long, graveled driveway, I could see Red's Nissan Sentra parked in the driveway. I parked behind her car, and before I could even get out of the truck to go up to the door, I could see Red leaving the house and almost running to my truck. As I quickly opened the door for her to get in, I could see how hot my little babydoll looked.

God, Red was a walking wet dream! She had her flaming red hair tied back in a long braid, which reached down the middle of her back. She was wearing a white tube top, which displayed her unfettered boobs and her perfectly flat stomach exquisitely. I could see her nipples threatening to poke through the cotton fabric. I later found out that Red's measurements were 32B-18-30, which went perfectly with her 4'10" stature. Red had on the shortest and tightest "Daisy Duke" faded denim shorts that I had ever seen anyone wear in public! I just knew she was wearing either a thong or nothing at all beneath them, because I could see her "camel toe" on display and no panty lines showing on the most perfect ass that I had seen to date. Red had accessorized her ensemble with a pair of white, spaghetti-strapped sandals.

Once inside the truck and before I could even start the engine, Red leaned into me, grabbed the back of my head with both her hands, and started French-kissing me very passionately. She damn near sucked my entire tongue completely outside of my head! Red's lips tasted like strawberries and I could smell the intoxicating scent of her Jessica McClintock perfume. My head was swimming and my cock was stirring with the excitement that was rapidly building throughout my body. I started feeling Red's perfect breasts, gently squeezing them, and I could feel her hardened nipples pressing into my palm. Red dropped her hand into my crotch and gently squeezed my cock, which was now hard as a diamond. Even though I really did not want to stop, I knew that if I hadn't have we would have soon been screwing each other in her Aunt Mandy's driveway! Reluctantly, we both finally ceased groping one another and broke our kiss.

"So, how would you like to start out the evening," I inquired somewhat breathlessly. "I mean, where do you want to go and what would you like to do?"

"I want to go straight to your house and have you fuck me until we can't take it anymore. Then I want to suck your cock until there is absolutely no sperm left in your balls," Red stated quite matter-of-factly. God, how I do love a woman who knows what she wants! 

"Sounds like one hell of a great plan to me," I answered while hurriedly starting the engine.

On the way home, we smoked one of the joints that I had rolled previously. I could tell that Red was really feeling the effects of the killer weed. I could feel Red squeezing my cock with her left hand and I could see her stroking her pussy with her right hand through those tiny faded denim shorts. They literally were molded to her ultra-fine body like a second skin. Red started to unzip my shorts because she said she wanted to suck on my cock, but I told her I would rather we waited until we got home. It's not as if I have never had my cock sucked while I was driving before, but I was so sexually excited, I was having a difficult time driving as it was. I sure as hell didn't want to kill us both in an accident before I got the chance to enjoy all aspects of Red's nubile body.

* * *

After what seemed an eternity, we finally pulled into my driveway. I leapt out of the truck and rushed around to open Red's door for her. We both impatiently ran to my front door and I frantically tried to unlock it, but couldn't. I could sense that Red was as horny as I was (maybe more), because she was getting rather frustrated that we were not inside yet. When I finally figured out that I was trying to use the back door key to unlock the front door, we were inside in a flash. Well, so much for trying to appear as "Mr. Smooth Operator"!

Once we were inside, I barely had time to shut the door before Red grabbed both of my hands and led me to the large leather sectional sofa in the living room. When we reached the sofa, Red shoved me backwards onto the sofa, knelt between my legs, and began removing my shoes. With all the quickness and skill of a magician, she had me stripped of my cargo shorts and underwear before I knew it. My prick was as hard as an iron pipe and flying at full mast. Boy, Red sure wasn't wasting any time at all, but who was I to complain?

Precum was flowing freely from the head of my cock as Red grabbed my manhood at the base with one hand while gently massaging my heavy nuts with the other. I could feel Red's hot breath on my purple warrior as she lowered her head towards my tumescent meat stick in an excruciatingly slow manner. Just when I thought I couldn't stand the wait any longer, and was about to force her mouth down onto my turgid rod, Red wrapped her soft, luscious lips around my cockhead while gently flicking the underside with her tongue. 

Suddenly and without any warning, Red began rapidly bobbing her head up and down the length of my shaft while vigorously sucking my precum out of my throbbing prick on the upstrokes as if it were a straw. I could feel my load building rapidly, but I didn't want to blow it right away because Red's hot, wet mouth felt so soft and wonderful. I thought I was in Heaven. When Red sensed that I was nearing my orgasm, she took my entire eight-inch length into her mouth until I could feel my bulging cockhead hit her tonsils and her nose rest against my abdomen. She started humming around my buried prick while bouncing my heavy balls in her tiny hand. Red took her other hand and slid in beneath my polo shirt to pinch and pull on my nipples alternately. I could feel her drool flowing around my steel-like rod as it ran down towards my bouncing scrotum. I was fast approaching my breaking point and I began moaning loudly, increasing in volume as I struggled to control my orgasm. Red ceased bouncing my testicles, stiffened two of her fingers, and began jabbing them firmly and rapidly at the area between the bottom end of my scrotum and the beginning of my asshole (much like someone rapidly and repeatedly pushing a doorbell). The volume and intensity of her humming increased greatly, and I could hold back no longer.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, ohhhh fuck, I'm gonna come! I'M COMMMIIINNNGGG," I screamed at the top of my lungs as I grabbed Red by the head with both hands in a faint attempt to pull her sucking mouth free of my spasming cock. 

Red wasn't going have any of that, she held herself onto my meat stick by grabbing me behind the thighs with both of her tiny hands. I could feel the sperm boiling deep within my gonads as my load erupted like Mt. St. Helen's, spewing jet after jet of my hot man lava straight down Red's hungry throat. I could feel her throat muscles contracting around my cockhead as she continued to greedily swallow my load. The sensations felt fantastic, as I seemed to keep coming and coming. When I finally stopped shooting, Red continued to lick and suck on my prick until no traces of my seed were left behind.

"So, how'd you like that, baby? I've wanted to do that for the last two days," Red said, still trying to catch her breath.

"Oh God, babydoll, that was fantastic! Where did you learn that little trick when you were jabbing me with your fingers under my balls?"
