 Once upon a time there was a gorgeous eighteen-year-old girl, loved by everyone. By the women and girls because she was so kind and polite to everyone and never lost her temper, by the men because she was absolutely beautiful, with shoulder length dark brown hair, amazing green eyes, a fantastic petite body and large tits, and by the boys because of the above plus the fact that she was very friendly to the point of being fairly easy. But most of all she was loved by her Grandmother, who had a much better idea of what made her happy than her parents, and was the one person the girl could really trust. Once she gave her a little cap of red velvet, which suited her so well that she always wore it. So she was called 'Little Red-Cap'.

One day her mother said to her "Come, Little Red-Cap, here is a piece of cake and a bottle of wine. Take them to your Grandmother, she is ill and weak, and they will do her good. Set out before it gets hot, and when you are going, walk nicely and quietly and do not run off the path, or you may fall and break the bottle, and then your grandmother will get nothing."

"I will take great care," said Little Red-Cap to her mother, and went up to her room to change. She liked to wear red as it complemented her green eyes, so she put on a new short red tartan plaid skirt which she wanted to show her Grandmother and as it was summer a short sleeved white blouse, unbuttoned down as far as her cleavage. Putting the cake and wine in her satchel (red, of course), she added her new high heeled red sandals, slipped into her trainers, and last but by no means least, plaited her hair into two thick braids on either side of her head going down to her shoulders, and put on her red cap. 

The Grandmother lived out in the wood, four miles from the village, and just as Little Red-Cap entered the wood, a big, swarthy man, with long, dirty fingernails, dark sideburns that accentuated his unusually large ears that ended in points partly from nature and partly as a result of previous fights, a long nose made crooked from being broken a number of times, and arm hair that stuck out from the sleeves of the ragged shirt he wore met her. He was vicious criminal, just escaped from prison, known to his brethren and authorities alike as "the Wolf" as much for his appearance as his violence. Red-Cap did not know what a wicked creature he was, and was not at all afraid of him.

"Good-day, Little Red-Cap," said he.

"Thank you kindly, sir. As you know my name, why not tell me yours?"

"I am known hereabouts as the Wolf. Whither away so early, Little Red-Cap?"

"To my grandmother's, Mr. Wolf sir."

"What have you got in your satchel?"

"Cake and wine. Yesterday was baking-day, so poor sick Grandmother is to have something good, to make her stronger."

"Where does your Grandmother live, Little Red-Cap?"

"A good two miles farther on in the wood. Her house stands under the three large oak-trees, the nut-trees are just below. You surely must know it," replied Little Red-Cap.

The Wolf thought to himself, what a tender young creature. What a tasty bit of pussy, her sexy white legs bare from the top third of the thigh down, red lips, bare white arms and a great pair of tits in that tight light blouse, she will be better to fuck than the old woman. I must act craftily, so as to catch both. So he walked for a short time by the side of Little Red-Cap, and then he said, "see Little Red-Cap, how pretty the flowers are about here. Why do you not look round? I believe, too, that you do not hear how sweetly the little birds are singing. You walk gravely along as if you were going to school, while everything else out here in the wood is merry."

Little Red-Cap raised her eyes, and when she saw the sunbeams dancing here and there through the trees, and pretty flowers growing everywhere, she thought, suppose I take Grandmother a fresh nosegay. That would please her too. It is so early in the day that I shall still get there in good time. And so she ran from the path into the wood to look for flowers. And whenever she had picked one, she fancied that she saw a still prettier one farther on, and ran after it, and so got deeper and deeper into the wood.

Meanwhile the Wolf ran straight to the Grandmother's house and knocked at the door.

"Who is there?"

"Little Red-Cap," replied the Wolf. "I am bringing cake and wine. Open the door."

"Lift the latch," called out the Grandmother, "I am too weak, and cannot get up."

The Wolf lifted the latch, the door sprang open, and without saying a word he went straight to the Grandmother's bed, gagged and bound her, tied her up and rolled her under the bed. Then he put on her clothes, dressed himself in her cap and nightie, laid himself in bed and drew the curtains.

Little Red-Cap, however, had been running about picking flowers, until she found a beautiful little spot in the dappled shade next to a tinkling stream. Realising how far she had walked, she sat down on the moss for a rest. The moss was so comfortable that she could not resist the temptation to lie back on it, and she was soon daydreaming. Her thoughts wandered around to the boy she currently fancied, three years older than her but who had shown some interest in her. She imagined them kissing, his hands exploring her body, and as she did so her hands went where she imagined his would, brushing her stomach and then the sides of her breasts. Her hands cupped her large tits and squeezed them gently, pinching the hardening nipples through the fabric of her bra and blouse between her thumb and forefinger. 

Feeling quite randy now, and enjoying this whilst outside, a little breeze cooling her down and speckles of sun falling through the leaves to warm her up rather than in her room or the bathroom, she slowly undid the top of her skirt. Keeping her left hand on her breast, she slid her right hand under the waistband of her briefs, through the thin bush of pubic hair to her moist vagina. Placing her third and fore fingers on either side of her clitoris to pull back the hood, she began slowly tapping it with her middle finger, fantasizing that it was the boy doing it with his tongue. 

Sighing contentedly, Little Red-Cap speeded up her tapping, moaning with the pleasure shooting from her crotch, and then, dipping her fingers in her now sopping wet hole, used her pussy juice as lubrication as she began rubbing her clit in gentle circles. Arching her back, Little Red-Cap groaned loudly, startling a nearby bird, and stuck her left hand down her panties as well. Applying extra pressure to her rubbing, she soon brought herself to a gasping climax. 

For a few minutes Little Red-Cap lay in a post-orgasmic daze, licking the juice from her fingers, when with a start she remembered her Grandmother. Quickly, she adjusted her damp knickers, fastened up her skirt, wiping her fingers dry on it, stood up, tucked her blouse in, picked up her cap and basket and set out on the way to her Grandmother.

Before she turned the final bend, she paused to swap her trainers for the high-heeled sandals in her satchel, wanting to look her best for her Grandmother. She was surprised to find the cottage-door standing open, and when she went into the room, she had such a strange feeling that she said to herself, oh dear, how uneasy I feel today, and at other times I like being with Grandmother so much, and she told me about masturbation, so I've no need to be embarrassed. She called out, "Good morning," but received no answer. So she went to the bed and drew back the curtains. There lay her Grandmother with her cap pulled far over her face, and looking very strange.

"Hello Grandmother, here's some cake and wine to help you feel better." She took them out of her satchel and placed them on the table. "And see my new shoes? Aren't they gorgeous?" Her Grandmother did not reply, so she looked closer. "Oh, Grandmother," she said, "what big ears you have."

"All the better to hear you with, my child," was the reply. "Now I've a surprise for you."

"Oh, what is it, another dress?"

"It's a surprise, my dear. Now just undress for your Grandmother will you?"

She did so, not thinking it at all strange, as her Grandmother liked to give her clothes and enjoyed seeing Little Red-Cap try them on. So she let her red tartan skirt fall to the floor, unbuttoned her blouse and let it join her skirt, then stepped out of the pile of clothes in her high-heels, red cap and white underwear. She stepped closer to the bed, peering at her Grandmother, half blinded by the sunlight.

"But, Grandmother, what a big nose you have,"

"All the better to smell you with, my child," came the reply. "And I can smell that you've been a naughty girl in the woods!"

"Oh grandmother, it was only a little one," she giggled, "it is such a lovely day I couldn't resist."

"Yes, well now you can take those damp knickers off, and that bra as well."

Still embarrassed at her Grandmother's deduction, Little Red-Cap unthinkingly took off her panties and bra, her large pert breasts bouncing as they were freed, and threw them over with her other clothes. Standing naked now except for her red cap and red high-heeled sandals, the straps wrapped around her ankles, she took another step towards her Grandmother.

"But, Grandmother, what big eyes you have," she said.

"The better to see you with, my dear. Now turn around please."

Puzzled, she did so, and felt her Grandmother stroke her back and squeeze her buttocks.

"But, Grandmother, what large hands you have."

"The better to hug you with. I think that it is time you learnt what to expect of young men. Come and sit up here on the headboard, my child, I am too weak to get out of bed."

Becoming more and more confused, as her Grandmother had long ago told her about boys, and was the only member of her family she had told of losing her virginity, but not wanting to upset her Grandmother, Little Red-Cap clambered up on the bed in her high heels and positioned herself as instructed. The Grandmother rolled on to her front, her head between Little Red-Cap's legs.

"Oh, but, grandmother, what a big mouth and tongue you have."

"The better to eat you out with." And to the girl's great surprise, her Grandmother began lapping at her pussy like a dog tucking into a meal. The tongue lapped at her vulva, darting up her slit and then over her clit, flicking back and forth incredibly fast, complements by the surprisingly rough and prickly lips. She was a simple girl, so though at first she felt a bit strange about this kind of attention from her Grandmother, she didn't question it, as after all she did love her and gave her kisses all the time, why not down there? There being nothing she could do about it, Little Red-Cap just closed her eyes and leant back against the wall to enjoy it. Hot damp breath was all over her crotch and muff, big hands reaching up to squeeze her breasts. In no time at all, she was moaning and thrusting, as the big head between her legs brought her to orgasm.

"Now get off the bed and kneel up on the floor."

Little Red-Cap did so, her head muzzy from the orgasm. Kneeling up by the bed she was amazed to see the bed covers thrown back and a body rise from it. What she thought had been her Grandmother pulled the nightie off.

"Oh, Grandmother, what a terribly big ... cock you have! Hey, you're not -"

"All the better to fuck you with my dear!"

"Oh!" Little Red-Cap was so surprised to find the Wolf in her Grandmother's clothes that she could think of nothing else to say. Once the initial shock had subsided, she couldn't take her eyes of the cock - after all, she thought, he had seemed nice earlier, and I love sex so it couldn't hurt, could it? Maybe he was a friend of Grandmother's she had invited to surprise her. And I am very horny from the licking. "OK, you can fuck me."

The Wolf growled back "First you must suck it!"

And scarcely had the Wolf said this, than he had grabbed Red-Cap's head and pulled her to his groin. Hardly able to do anything else, she took the huge monster in her mouth. It was much bigger than what she was used to, at least two inches thick, over ten long, and dark throbbing purple at the end. Still the Wolf seemed to respond in the same way when she sucked on the tip and then licked down the entire length of the shaft, breathing in his animal-like smell, and then back up to suck on the end again. 

Dribbling down her chin, she scooped up some saliva in her hand and began masturbating the cock, both her hands around the shaft with a gap between them and still able to fit her mouth on the end. Clenching her hands tight and rubbing up and down whilst sucking on as much cock as would fit in her mouth, she found herself quite turned on by this bizarre situation, looking up at the Wolf, no longer wearing her grandmother's cap. However, the Wolf was in no mood for sensuality, and told her to speed up. Little Red-Cap sucked harder, bobbing her head and hands up and down the dick as fast as she could until she felt a pulsing. 

The Wolf held her in position, instruction her to keep masturbating him, the tip of his cock resting on her tongue just inside her mouth, while she occasionally sucked and licked at the underside. Suddenly, with a groan from the Wolf, the girl found herself with a mouthful of cum, covering her tongue with a strange, bitter taste, some dribbling out the corner of her mouth. As she could not move her head, she tried to swallow, but could not get rid of much as the phallus prevented her from closing her mouth, and soon more joined it, overflowing to cascade down her chin. More hit her upper lip and dribbled out in a thick gooey stream down her chin and into her cleavage. The Wolf grabbed his cock from her, holding her in position by her braid with one hand, knocking her cap sideways, and sprayed the remainder of his load over her cheeks and nose, a few drops splattering on to her other braid, sticking in her dark brown hair.

Little Red-Cap, thinking this was it when the Wolf let go and sat on the bed, turned away and started to crawl away. But to her surprise there was a growl behind her and he pounced on her back, his limbs easily forming a cage around her, and he growled, "I'm not finished yet, my child" in her ear. She could feel the ten-inch pole slap against her inner thighs, and prepared herself eagerly for what she knew would happen. However, she still screamed partly in shock and the sting it gave her, but also strangely in pleasure, as two inches of meat forced open her cunt and slammed all the way in. 

His chest hair pressed against her bare skin, and despite her eyes being clenched tightly shut, she could feel his hot breath in her ear, and his muscular, hairy legs banged into her ass as her fucked her harder and faster than anyone she'd ever experienced, making her scream and moan, at first incoherently, but then for more as she allowed herself to enjoy the monster cock screwing her tight twat. The Wolf was going at her pussy like a pneumatic drill, but as he'd already cum it was taking him a while to do so again. Little Red-Cap on the other hand was orgasming after three minutes, her elbows giving way as she sobbed in ecstasy, her braided hair forming a cushion, and reached back to rub her clit. So turned on was she, that when the Wolf ejaculated the second time, this time in her pussy, it set her off again, crying out for more.

To her amazement, the Wolf obliged. Pulling back with his dirty hands on her back, withdrawing with a sucking sound mid-orgasm, he sprayed her anus with semen, running down to mix with the stream of cum already emerging from her still-widened vagina on to the floor and into her black pubic hair. Thankfully, she was relaxed, otherwise what happened next would have been more painful. The Wolf thrust deep into her arse, about eight inches of cock two inches thick appearing where no cock had gone before, the eighteen year old held down by the Wolf's hands on her shoulders screaming in shock. Little Red-Cap had never heard of anal sex, let alone contemplated it, but soon she was wishing she had, and wishing other guys had this endurance. 

A minute later and the Wolf was fucking her arse as he had her vagina, using the spunk from his previous orgasm as lubrication. She moaned and cried out in pleasure, rubbing her clit frantically with one hand and shoving her fingers of her other hand in her twat at the same time. An entirely new orgasm was building up inside her, and she called out to the Wolf to go faster, as he pounded her sphincter. Three minutes into her first buggering, Little Red-Cap came noisily, screaming thanks to the Wolf and thrusting her hips back at him. He came almost straight away afterwards, filling the third of her orifices that day, and then spraying the rest over her back and hair, narrowly missing her beloved cap, dripping down her clean braid which hung by her cheek, and then wiped the rest on her face.

At that moment, the Woodcutter, who had heard Little Red-Cap's cries, and who also happened to be the father of the boy she fancied, burst in. What he must have thought at seeing the eighteen year old lying collapsed on the floor covered in cum with a huge hairy man covered in tattoos dangling its penis in her face with clothes strewn about the room, we don't know. However, the Wolf bolted straight past him, and he was left to deal with the little girl.

He sat her on the bed, and soon found the Grandmother under the bed, and Little Red-Cap realised that she must have seen and heard everything. Red-Cap was washed and dressed, and then described what had happened, leaving out the bits about enjoying herself, pretending to be traumatised rather than aroused, and hoping her Grandmother would keep quiet until the Woodcutter was gone. The Woodcutter was suitably shocked, and the Grandmother acted similarly, though Little Red-Cap noticed a twinkle in her eyes, and so the Woodcutter promised to come back and walk her home later, and left them. The Grandmother ate the cake and together they drank the wine, giggling about the bits the Woodcutter didn't know about, Red-Cap getting quite tipsy by the time the Woodcutter came back. She said goodbye to her Grandmother and set off home, still in her high heels.

A mile or so away, and she was already feeling tired because of walking in the high heels, and realised she'd left her trainers at her Grandmother's. So they sat on the verge. Red-Cap noticed that the Woodcutter had an erection, and so she knew why he had been walking a little behind her, he'd been looking at her legs and arse. As they talked, she checked him out. He wasn't bad looking, brown hair and beard, very tall and muscular, about fifty years old. Finally, deciding her day couldn't get any weirder so it didn't matter what else she did, she unzipped his flies and in a lightning move had his dick out and was knelt between his legs.

"My, what a big cock you've got," she exclaimed, looking at the semi-erect sheathed cock she'd pulled out, "it's almost as big as the Wolf's!" I hope your son takes after you, she added to herself.

"Wh-what are you doing Little Red-Cap?" he stuttered, more amazed at his luck than shocked at her readiness for sex so soon after, as he thought, being raped by a notorious criminal, for his wife was long dead, and the women of the village were either faithful or not worth the effort in his opinion.

"Just my special way of saying thank you," she replied, and sucked the stiffening cock into her mouth. As it hardened she found that it was not much smaller than the one she'd enjoyed a few hours before. Looking up at the Woodcutter's ginger, bearded face, she swirled her tongue around the head, under the sheath of the foreskin, feeling it grow as she did so. Popping it out of her mouth she licked all the way down his shaft and sucked on his big hairy balls, then allowed her tongue to wander back up to the tip and she stopped.
