 "Hey Bill, are you coming out to the concert this weekend?" Dave, my best friend, asked over the phone.

"I don't know, Dave. I'm pretty down still and don't think I'll be good company." Truth to tell, I hadn't left my apartment much in the past week other than to go to work.

"Shit, don't tell me this is still about Lisa? I never did like that bitch." 

"Yeah, well, here's your chance to say 'Told you so.'" 

"Told you so. Anyway, now that the bitch is gone, it's time to get back out in the world."

"Gee. Great. Nothing like a quick rebound to make you feel better, right?" I might have tried harder to keep the sarcasm out of my voice, but couldn't find the energy to make the effort. "Besides, taking advice from you regarding love is like asking Attila the Hun for advice regarding peace negotiations."

"Look, I'm not saying find someone new to date. But Christ, at least get out of the house. You still have the concert tickets right?"

"Yep." In fact, the pair of tickets were sitting in my wallet. I'd been planning to invite Lisa, right up until the point where'd she dumped me. 

"Oh good. I was worried you'd done something stupid like sell them or give them away."

"Not yet, though that might be a good idea. I could always use the extra cash."

"Don't be an idiot. Remember how excited you were when we first got those tickets?"

"Yeah, I remember."

"Come on, we've been talking about this for weeks now. You've got to come out. If nothing else, we'll get a few beers into you, you'll get into the pit, and you can forget all about Lisa for a few hours. All right?"

"Yeah, fine all right." I couldn't help but smile. Somehow, some way, Dave always found a way to pull me out of my rut. 

"Awesome. So I'll meet you there tomorrow night? Doors open at seven, all right?"

"All right, all right," I replied. "I'll see you there."

'Doors' was a bit of a misnomer, seeing as how the concert venue was at a park, with an open air stage. Still, the line to get in was down the block and around the corner, with plenty of people. Most of them were in their teens and twenties, but I caught a few older folks in there as well, some with kids in tow. It was an all-ages show, but it always amazed me how many people came out for punk shows in suburbia. 

I'd decided to go pretty casual in a plain t-shirt and my "air-conditioned" jeans. They were almost at the point where there were more holes than fabric, but fuck it, they were comfortable and I liked them. For me, they were veteran concert wear having seen me through more than one crowd surfing adventure. 

Dave was waiting to one side of the line, bouncing up on the balls of his feet. Catching sight of me, his face broke out into a huge grin that lit up his entire face. "Dude! You came! I was getting worried there."

Dave had decided to go all out tonight. He'd done his hair up in a liberty spike mohawk (green), a sleeveless denim jacket so covered in patches and pins you couldn't see the denim anymore, and black and red plaid pants that had no business being anywhere near anyone. He rounded out his look with what I thought was a dog collar, a chain wallet. 

"How'd you get your hair to do that?" I reached out and tapped one of the spikes, and it didn't move. "You could put someone's eyes out with one of those."

"Wood glue," Dave answered with a smile.

"Seriously?"

Dave gave a shrug and a smile. "Sure, why not?"

I laughed and punched him in the arm. Truth to tell, it was good to see him and I felt a touch of the funk I'd fallen into starting to lift. 

"Anyway, if this can't get your mind off Linda I don't know what will."

"Lisa."

"Yeah, whatever. Have you checked out the local attractions?" Dave grabbed my shoulders and turned me toward the line. Specifically, he turned me toward a group of girls who were standing all clustered together. They were definitely cute, but they seemed to be trying too hard to act as if they were part of the scene. The warm weather meant more skin was on display than might have otherwise been showing, but something seemed a bit off about them.

"Ten bucks says they're all wearing shit from Hot Topic," I said.

Dave shook his head. "I don't get you at all. You're a free man, my brother. Go out, hunt, kill."

"Kill?"

"Well, mount anyway." He gave me a lewd wink. "Oh, hey, lines moving."

"You are a sick bastard."

"Yep."

The line was moving though, so we made our way to the back of it and took our place. I got my wallet out, then realized I still had two tickets. "Shit, you think anyone is going to be looking to buy?"

Dave peered around and shrugged. "No idea. Can't hurt to look though. Chances are you stay in this line someone will come by looking to buy."

"Good point."

We were standing behind a group of what I figured were high school kids. Could have been middle schoolers though, for all I knew. It was a mixed group of girls and boys, and one of the boys had his arm around the waist of a girl. I felt a sour taste building up in my mouth and forced myself to look someplace else. I knew it was because I was still getting over Lisa, but the wound was still a bit too fresh for me to enjoy someone elses' happiness.

"Hey, where's your girl?" I asked Dave.

"Huh? Karen? Shit, she can't stand these kind of things."

"I thought she liked punk."

Dave smiled. "Oh, she doesn't mind the music. It's all the people she can't stand."

"Huh. All right, I guess."

"Hey, do you have any tickets?" a voice from behind me asked.

I looked over, and then down. The girl asking was short, couldn't have come up higher than my chest, and that was in the platform boots she was wearing. The second thing I noticed were the piercing blue eyes gazing into mine. Admittedly, the third thing I noticed as the low cut pleather dress that acted like a gravitational well for my eyes, drawing me down into the massive amount of cleavage she had on display.

"Huh?" A smooth mover I have never been.

"Tickets. Do you have any extra?" The way she spoke made me think she thought I didn't understand English.

"What, yeah. Wait. Maybe. Why?" I stepped to one side as Dave tried to jab me with his elbow.

"Look, I was supposed to meet my friends here. Only they just called and told me their car broke down. Fifty miles away." She pouted up at me with lips a bright, fire engine red. She sported multiple piercings in both ears, and had a ring through her nose and another through her eyebrow.

"So?" 

"Sooo... they've got the tickets to get in, and the show is sold out."

"Ouch."

"Bill here has an extra ticket," Dave volunteered. 

"Is that so?" The look she gave me reminded me the way a cat looks at a wounded bird. 

"Uhm, yeah. I do."

"What happened, girlfriend couldn't make it?"

"Actually-"

"His girlfriend broke up with him," Dave volunteered. "But, it's all to the good. She was a bitch."

The girl arched an eyebrow at Dave. "That so? Well then. Seems you have an extra ticket. And here I am ticketless. Think we can work out a deal?"

Dave leered at her. "I'm sure something could be worked out."

"Don't be an asshole, Dave. Here," I said. Pulling out my wallet, I also pulled out the condom I'd left in my pocket and forgotten about out. "Not like I was going to need it anyway."

"Are you sure?" Her question didn't stop her from tucking the ticket between her breasts. "I mean you never know." 

"Uhm..." I could feel the heat rushing to my cheeks.

"I meant about the ticket."

I hastily stuck the condom back in my pocket."Oh, right. And for a pretty smile like that? Sure."

She lips turned up in a mischievous half-smile. "And they say chivalry is dead. Maybe I'll see you inside?"

"I'd like that," I replied.

"So would I," Dave added, but the girl ignored him, heading toward the back of the line.

"Dude, you could have at least got her number."

I shrugged. "Yeah, maybe. Maybe not. It wasn't as if I was using the ticket anyway. Someone might as well get some enjoyment out of it."

Shaking his head, Dave pointed toward the gates. "Looks like they're finally open. Let's go."

Now that the gates were open, the line did move pretty quick. The guys scanning the tickets looked bored, idly scanning the barcodes on the tickets, checking bags, and generally making sure no one was too drunk coming into the show. 

"I'm going to grab a drink," Dave said. "You want anything?" 

"Yeah, grab me a beer. I'll grab us a spot." Once the music started, there was no way I wanted to be holding a drink. It was a given I'd be wearing it before too long. 

I pushed myself through the crowd, grabbing a spot near the stage. Bleachers had been set up surrounding the stage, so people not inclined to enter the mosh pit could sit and see the stage. To be sure, there were some nights where that's all I wanted. Given the mood I was in, front and center at the stage was I wanted to be.

About five minutes later, I saw Dave maneuvering his way through the crowd, two plastic cups filled with amber liquid sloshing in his hands. 

"Here you go. Most of it is still in the cup, too."

I took a sip and wrinkled my nose. "Bud?"

Dave shrugged. "There weren't many choices. It's wet and alcoholic, that's all I cared about."

"Uh-huh." I took another sip, then almost jumped out of my skin when I felt a hand grab my ass.

"Hey there." It was the girl from the line. 

"Oh, hey." I tried keeping it casual, but I could feel the blood rushing to my cheeks.

"Glad I caught up with you. Ooh, is that for me?" she asked, pointing in the general direction of my groin. 

"Uhm..."

"I mean the beer." She giggled, looking up at me from beneath the longest lashes I think I've ever seen.

"Oh, sure. Here."

She took a sip, then wrinkled her nose. "Bud, really?" 

I fell a little further in love, or at least lust with her at that point. 

"They don't have a great selection, unfortunately," Dave piped in.

"Oh well." She took another sip. "Beggars can't be choosers, huh?" She handed the cup back to me, now smudged with her lipstick. "So is this where you guys are going to be?"

"Yeah, I think so. What about you?"

She pointed back toward the bleachers. "My friends are being pussies and are staying up in the bleachers. This though, this is where to see a fucking show." She slipped past me, putting herself between me and the stage. That's when I noticed the back of her dress. Instead of having a standard zipper, she'd ripped it out, replacing it with a series of safety pins. 

"Neat dress," I said. 

She twisted her head and smiled at me, pushing her ass back against me. "Thanks. Did the work myself. I can't remember the last concert I didn't wear it to."

"Well it definitely makes you stick out."

"That's the whole point." She pushed back a bit more, and I swore she ground against me some more. I could feel my cock swelling, and had to guess she could feel it to. "Here, give me another drink, would you?" 

"Sure." Given how short she was, I couldn't help but look down over her shoulder where her breasts were straining against her dress. He tilted her head back as she drank, and gave me a wink when she caught me staring. 

I started to ask her name, but then the MC was on stage announcing the band, and the crowd was shouting, us along with them. The girl downed the rest of the beer and threw the cup onto the ground. Bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet, she raised her arm up in the air, but her other hand was in between her ass and me, closing around my semi-hard cock and giving me a squeeze.

The entire crowd was surging and pushing around us at that point. Dave tapped me on the shoulder and pointed back at the crowd, giving me a big thumbs up. With the girl's hand on my dick, I wasn't going anywhere. I did place my hands against the barricade between us and the stage, bracing my arms as the pit surged into my back. 

"You okay?" I asked, leaning down to yell in her ear.

Her response was to grab me by the back of her head, pushing her lips against mine, and slipping her tongue into my mouth.

"Ask a stupid question..." I muttered once she came up for air. That's when I felt her hand inside my pants. When she'd been kissing me, she'd unzipped my pants, and now her hand was snaking inside my boxers. I was rock hard at this point, and she took her time, rubbing the thumb lightly over the head, and raking her nails down the shaft of my cock. Luckily for me, everyone was focused on the stage and not on the fact that this cute little rude girl was giving me a very public handjob.

She grabbed the back of my neck and pulled my head down to her again. "I am so fucking wet right now. Go on, have a feel."

The band had shifted to a slightly slower song, so the crowd had eased up some. I ran a hand down her back, cupping her ass, before I lifted her dress up a bit. She bent over, spreading her legs a bit. The dirty little slut wasn't wearing any panties, so it was easy for me get a feel of her shaved pussy. She wasn't lying either, her pussy soaking wet, the juices dripping down her leg. Maybe against my better judgement, I slid a finger into her. I saw her bite her lip and close her eyes as I fingered her. I pushed my finger deeper into her, curling it up inside of her. She let go of my cock as I worked my finger in and out, bracing herself against the barricade. Her pussy squeezed around my finger and I heard her moan low as I eased it out of her. My fingers found her clit, and I rubbed it in a slow, tight circle. I could hear her grunting even over the music, and the way she ground her hips as I teased her told me she was enjoying what I was doing.

Without warning, her body tensed up, and then was bucking against me. She made a high pitch squealing sound, and I caught a look from Dave who saw what I was up to. His smile stretched from ear to ear, and he gave me two big thumbs up.

The girl spun around, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling me into a hot kiss. Her tongue plunged into my mouth, and my hands drifted down to cup her bare ass. Breaking her mouth from mine, she nibbled on my ear and whispered, "I need your cock in me."

"Here?"

She shook her head. Working deftly, she maneuvered my raging hard on back into my pants. "Still got that condom?"

"Yeah."

"Great. Try to keep up."

She plunged into the crowd, ducking and weaving through the pressed mass of bodies like they weren't even there. I had a decidedly harder time making my way through, and almost caught a boot from a crowdsurfer across the face. Lucky for me, I saw it in time and ducked to avoid, though by the time I was able to look up again, I'd lost sight of my little cock tease. 

"Shit, shit, shit." I pushed to the edge of the crowd, bounced up on the balls of my feet, looking for her. I caught sight of something out of the corner of my eye. She was standing by the bleachers, peering up. I guess looking for me. I practically skipped over to her.

"I was beginning to think you lost your nerve," she said, that same mischievous smirk on her face as before.

"Who me?" I took her hand and pressed it against my dick, just barely constrained by my jeans.

"Guess not," she laughed, giving me a squeeze. "Come on."

I followed her under the bleachers. The sun was down at that point, but there was still plenty of illumination from the stage lights. She sank to her knees on the grass and pulled at my jeans, tugging the zipper down and freeing my dick.

"I have to have a taste," she murmured, rubbing her lips against my cock head. Her tongue flicked out, dancing across the head of my dick. I groaned, my hands gripping her short hair as she teased me. She suckled on the head, then bobbed her head and down. She worked one hand up and down the shaft, spreading her saliva around it. I'm pretty sure her other hand was busy between her legs, especially with the way she was moaning as she sucked me.

She let the head of my cock escape her mouth with an audible pop. "Come here and lie down."

I wasn't about to argue, so did as I was told. In no time at all, she was straddling me. She placed one hand on my chest, and the other grabbed my dick. She slowly slid my cock back and forth against her smooth pussy lips, letting me feel exactly how wet she is. 

"You want this, don't you?" she said, biting her lip as she looked down at me.

"Uh-huh."

"Condom, remember?"

I hastily dug into my pants and produced it. She let go of me long enough to open it and slid it down over my rock hard cock. 

She grabbed my dick and didn't waste any more time, sliding her pussy down over it.

"Ohhh fuck, that feels good." She ground her hips in a slow circle, her nails digging into my chest as she rode me. "Uh, uh, uh. Oh I needed this."

I wasn't in a position to disagree, grabbing her perfect ass in my hands and squeezing it as she rode me. Any thought I had of Lisa disappeared as she worked her body on my cock, and it was long before her entire body stiffened and she was bucking up and down against me. She collapsed on top of me, her breathing hard and shallow. 

"Ohh fuck. I could so fall in lust with your dick," she murmured into my ear. "You come yet, baby?"

"Not yet," I said, but I also knew it wouldn't be long before I did.

"Good." She slid up and off of me, then got on her hands and knees.

"Well," she asked, looking at me from over her shoulder, "what are you waiting for?"

I grabbed her hips and pushed into her. She gave out a small scream, and for a brief moment I was worried I'd hurt her. Then she was pushing back against me, her head down as she met each of my thrusts. 

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Love your dick in me." She twisted around, smiling at me as we fucked, her eyes glazed over in lust. I slid my hands to her ass, squeezing it, pulling her back to my cock. 

"I want you to cum, baby," she said. "Go on, I want to feel you explode." She reached underneath her, her fingers playing with my dick as I pounded into her. That was enough to send me over the edge, my whole body shuddering, jerking as I came. I collapsed on to her back, breathing heavily, my lips trailing the bare skin of her shoulder.

"Mmmm. I think we both needed that," she said as I pulled my cock out. I slipped the condom off, filled with my cum. "Thanks for scratching that itch."

"Good thing you had that condom." She winked at me as she stood up, wobbling slightly on her boots. "Otherwise I'd have that dripping down my legs the rest of the night."

In the distance, I could hear the band wrapping up. "Shit, Dave's probably looking for me."

"Is that your friend?" She straightened out her dress and pulled out a compact from her clutch. Evidently satisfied that I hadn't mussed her makeup too badly, she made it disappear again. "He'd be all right if he didn't try so hard."

"I'll be sure to tell him that. What about me?"

"What about you?"

"Am I all right?"

Her half-smirk reappeared on her face as she sashayed toward me. "Baby, you are more than all right." She stood up on her toes and brushed her lips against mine. "But I don't live anywhere near here, and this was a one-time thing. I had an itch I needed scratched, and you were cute. Lucky for me, you also knew how to fuck. But this isn't love, okay?"

"Okay." I'd be lying if I didn't feel a sting of disappointment at that, but then, what was I supposed to expect? We'd just met, and we'd hardly exchanged more than a few words before we go physical.

She shook her head. "Look, you want a real relationship? Don't jump in bed with the first girl you meet who'll spread her legs for you. But if what you want is a hot, nasty fuck, well, that's okay too."

She turned away and ducked down under the bleachers, disappearing into the crowd. 

It was then I realized I'd never even gotten her name.