 Lorie woke up, and stretched, warm and cozy, a smile flitting across her face. In her dream, the Wolf took long, languorous laps with his tongue across her sensitive nipples. As consciousness slowly broke over her, she touched her breasts and found that indeed, her nipples were hard. I'm so horny, she thought; I wonder what the Wolf is doing today?

Still basking in the afterglow of her dream, she let her fingers wander between her legs. Damp. Oh yeah, she thought, dreaming of the Wolf makes me wet. She imagined him licking her, burying his tongue in the soft folds of her labia, peeling aside her lips to eat her cunt. Her fingers found her clit, a turgid little bullet of pleasure. She rubbed herself as she pictured him sucking her. She wanted to come and between pulling on her nipples, fingering her wet pussy, and the visions of the Wolf with his head between her legs, she soon did.

And though the orgasm felt great, she knew that today, it wasn't enough. She wanted the Wolf. This fantasy had to be lived out. She looked over at the clock on her bedside table. 8:17. Would he be awake? Fuck him, she thought. I'll give him a reason to get up. She picked up the phone and punched his number. She listened to the rings, and counted them off silently. Three. If it goes past four, I'll get the machine. Four.

"Hello?" came a groggy voice through the ear piece.

"It's Red," Lorie said. "Whatcha up to?"

"Sleeping," said the Wolf. "What time is it?"

"Time for you to get up," she teased. "If I have anything to do with it."

Still half asleep, the Wolf didn't understand her joke. "But it's Sunday," he said, "isn't it?"

"I'll be over in an hour. Go have a shower."

"What's up?" he continued.

"You'd better be," she laughed. "If not, I'll have to take matters into my own hands." She hung up the phone, and hopped out of bed. Minutes later, Lorie let the hot water cascade over her body. As she soaped her breasts the water dribble off the short red tufts of pubic hair on her mons. Better shave, she thought. She did her legs and underarms, then lathered up the fine stubble between her legs. As the sharp steel of the razor glided over her lips, she once again felt a stirring there, and when she'd finished, her fingers again found their way inside her. Just a little, she thought, just enough. She pinched her nipples and played briefly with the bars piercing them, feeling a jolt of electricity stretch to her crotch. That's it, that's it, I want to be ready for the Wolf.

Lorie stepped out of the shower and dried her long red curls. Strutting through the rooms of her house, she toweled off and thought about what to wear. It was fairly warm out, and she wanted to ride her bike. She loved the freedom and power of her bike. She took a Granny Smith from the refrigerator, and returned to her bedroom, to get out her clothes. She had already decided to wear the new red thong she'd bought the day before. Jeans, of course, but what top? Bra or no? Slipping the tiny thong over her hips, she adjusted the fabric so that it was taunt against her pussy. It felt good. Leaning over her sock drawer, her hair rained across her breasts, caressing them. She knew she'd have the same sensation when she leaned over the Wolf's hard cock to suck him, and again she felt the dampness in her crotch. Lorie picked out some plain white crew socks, to go under her motorcycle boots. She pulled on the socks, then her jeans, finally the boots, and put her hands on her hips while she decided on a top.

No bra today. Keep it simple. Just a plain white a-shirt--a 'wife beater'--to go under her leather jacket. Classic. She smoothed the thin ribbed fabric over her breasts and admired the impression her pierced nipples made against the cloth. Yep, the 'girls' were at attention. Gathering her flowing curls in one hand, she slipped the knot of hair through the clasp of a ball cap, and donned her sunglasses. "You look fucking hot," she said out loud, admiring herself in the mirror. Lorie took a final bite of the apple and tossed the core in the basket, grabbed her keys and strode out the door. The warm Spring morning air engulfed her as she swung her leg over the saddle of the bike and started it. She gunned the engine, adjusted the choke, clicked the lever into first, and pulled out her driveway into traffic, heading east into the sun, towards the Wolf's house.

The Wolf fixed himself a cup of coffee and took it to the shower. As the previous night's cobwebs were lifted, he realize what Red's "wake up call" meant. She was horny, and he was going to be the beneficiary. He stepped into the shower, and washed his hair. Soaping his body, he felt the stubble on his balls and around the base of his cock. He knew Red would suck him, and began to grow stiff as he lathered up. The Wolf too thought he should shave, and stretched his dangling sack taunt under the blade of the razor. By the time he'd finished "tidying up" the Wolf was fully erect, and droplets of pre-come mixed with the soapy water. Pulling a few times on his prick, he imagined fucking Red's come-hungry mouth, but it felt too good, and he didn't want to waste a load. The Wolf rubbed the bar of soap over his butt-hole, and inserted a lubed finger in to the first knuckle. Nice and clean, he thought, all the better to have you tongue it, my dear.

While the Wolf dried off, Lorie was sitting at a traffic light, gently revving her engine, feeling the throb of the motor between her legs. Her pussy was damp and nipples stiff as her mind raced ahead to the events before her. She wanted to fuck the Wolf in every possible way. Lorie imagined his fat cock in her mouth and cunt and ass; she was on top, she was on her knees, she was on her back. Imagining his hard prick sliding between her breasts, Lorie didn't notice the light change, and when she heard a horn blow behind her, her reverie was broken. She flipped her middle finger to the driver behind, insouciantly, and chirped her tire pulling away.

The Wolf slipped on an old terry robe, and without doing the sash went back to the kitchen for a second cup of coffee. As he poured some cream into the cup, he heard the rumble of an engine outside, and glanced out the window to see Red switching off the bike and setting the kickstand. Hot, he thought, she's very hot. By the time Lorie walked to the front door, he was there on the other side, opening it for her.

"Hi," he said, "I..."

"Shhsh, don't say anything, just fuck me," she said, closing the door behind her.

He pulled her to him, and kissed her deeply, his tongue invading her mouth. Her hands stroked his powerful chest, lingering in his nipples, and she tugged gently on his ring. Sliding lower over his taunt belly, she felt his stiffening cock press against the crotch of her jeans, and she ground her pelvis against it. The Wolf slid Lorie's jacket from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor, and pushed the ball cap off her head. He gathered a fistful of hair, and pulled her head back, breaking their kiss.

"On you knees, bitch," he commanded. "Suck it."

Lorie crouched before him, wrapping her fingers around his cock. She admired it's length and girth, and squeezed a drop of pre-come from the slit. Almost involuntarily, her tongue darted out to catch the salty liquid. She looked up at the Wolf's face, his eyes glazed over with lust. Though he had commanded her, she knew she had a powerful hold on him, and reveled in the paradox. He lips parted and she engulfed his hard-on with her hot wet mouth.

The Wolf's hands held Lorie's head gently as her rocked his hips slightly, thrusting into her face. She was a talented fellatrix--shit, she was a come-lovin' cocksucker. No one could give such a slutty blowjob like Red, he thought. The Wolf's cock swelled even more as her tongue extended to lick at his heavy balls. Letting the rock hard rod slip from her lips, Lorie sucked his scrotum into her mouth as she kept one hand wrapped around his shaft. Her other hand was now in her pants; she had undone the button of her jeans and eased down the zipper while she sucked him, and now her fingers slid around her wet pussy.

Lorie released her grip, and reached around to grab his ass, his cock flopping against the side of her face. She looked up again, and the Wolf's eyes were locked on hers. She let his balls slip from her mouth.

"My, what large eyes you have," she giggled.

"All the better to watch you blow me," he responded. "No one can suck like you do, Red. I love fucking your face."

Lorie again took his cock into her mouth and then ran the index finger of her free hand between his butt cheeks. She was bringing herself to orgasm, and knew that when she felt his steamy sticky come splash down her throat, it would send her over the edge. She gathered a dribble of saliva that dripped from his ball-sack and swabbed his puckered opening, then slid her finger inside the tight hole. The Wolf's reaction was immediate. He held her head tighter, and thrust his hips faster, plunging his cock deep into her mouth. His balls slapped against her chin and he felt his come rising. He closed his eyes and tossed his head back as her finger slid in and out of his ass. Lorie's other hand continued to diddle her clit.

"I'm coming, babe. I'm going to fill your mouth with my come," he grunted. A low guttural moan escaped his lips as his ass muscles clenched and his cock spasmed shooting a jet of hot sticky spunk into Lorie's mouth. As she'd anticipated, she did come when she felt his semen hit the back of her throat. She swallowed the first eruption and sucked harder, coaxing his come into her mouth. A few more squirts, and he was done, and he relaxed his grip on her head.

"Fucking awesome, Red," he panted. "Damn, that was good."

She released his withering cock from her lips and he helped her to her feet. They kissed again and he could taste his come in her mouth. Sliding his hands down her sides, the Wolf found her undone jeans, and he let one hand slip inside her pants to caress her soaking thong.

"Your turn now," he said, disarmingly. "I'm going to eat you up."

The Wolf led her to a big overstuffed chair and sat her down. Kneeling before her, he undid the clasps on her boots and slipped them off along with her socks. Stoking his hair as he worked, Lorie's other hand casually, almost thoughtlessly, caressed her nipples through the fabric of her tank. The Wolf's hands grabbed the open waistband of her jeans, and slid them down to the hips.

"Lift up," he ordered, and Lorie raised her ass off the edge of the chair as the Wolf lowered her jeans past her hips and thighs, trailing his thumbs across the soft white flesh of her legs. He tossed the jeans to the side.

Reaching for her, he pulled the waistband of her thong high up her sides, allowing the taunt fabric to show the outline of her labia clearly. Except for the waistband and a tiny triangle of fabric directly beneath it, not a thread of the red thong was dry. The Wolf leaned in and sniffed first the heady aroma of her cunt. Then he lowered his head and began to lick her pussy through the sodden fabric. Lorie pinched her pierced nipples as the Wolf pierced her pussy with his tongue, forcing the material between her lips.

"My, what a powerful tongue you have," she moaned, looking down towards his bobbing head, feeling it spread her apart.

The Wolf stopped and looked up into her eyes. "All the better to lick you with, you bitch."

The Wolf went back to lapping at her cunt, tauntingly avoiding contact with her clit. With his elbows he pushed her knees far apart, resting them on the arms of the chair, and then, with powerful fingers, slipped the thing wet fabric to one side and bit down gently on her swollen, fleshy lips. Lorie's back arched, then flexed, forcing her cunt to his mouth. The Wolf's fingers pealed her labia apart as he rolled his tongue and inserted it between her inner lips, fucking her hole with it in short, strident strokes. Lorie moaned when his upper lip grazed her clit, and sensing this, the Wolf finally attacked it, laving it slowly with his tongue. She was now open to him, her pink slit totally exposed for his use. As he lashed her clit with repeated jabs of his tongue, his chin ground into her hairless twat, becoming coated in her juice.

He reached a hand up to fondle her breast, and found hers there, pinching her nipples through the thin fabric of the shirt. The Wolf reached his other hand up to the neckline, ripping the cloth and exposing both breasts. Lorie lunged her pelvis forward and began humping his face, but the Wolf hung on, sucking her hard distended clip between his lips as if it were a little cock. His hands roughly mauled her tits, pulling them, tweaking the nipples, fingering the bars that pierced them. Lorie was now out of control, the orgasm deep within her cresting, about to break like a wave over them both. Her ass was barely on the chair when the Wolf moved lower, past her dripping opening and began to rim her ass-hole. Lorie came and came again as he fucked her ass with his tongue, fucked her cunt with his nose, pulled her nipples with strong callused fingers. She screeched as she came, more than moans, less than screams, and though the Wolf didn't let up his assault on her ass, she slumped back, finished.

The Wolf pulled his face away; it was drenched. He rose on his knees, his cock once again hard, and he pressed himself on her. He let the length of his shaft glide though the slickness of her pussy, over her clit and toward her naval as he lowered his mouth to hers. Lorie tasted her own juice on his face, and their mouths ate hungrily at each other.

"Fuck me," she gasped, "fill me."

The Wolf needed no coaxing. He reached down and grabbed his hard cock in his right hand and stroked the tip against her clit. Lorie loved the feeling.

"My, what a big cock you have," she teased.

"All the better to fuck you with, baby."

Trailing lower, he found the velvet vice of her cunt and plunged in. Lorie screamed this time, and orgasm overwhelming her on the first penetration. The Wolf began a deep, steady rhythm, pounding into her dripping snatch, grinding his pelvis against her clit. She came again. And again. With his hands on her shoulders, he lowered his mouth to her right nipple and sucked it between his lips, feeling the metal bar on his teeth. Lorie moaned again and ran her fingernails up and down his spine and he moved to the other breast. The fabric of her little red thong grazed his cock with every thrust, adding friction and lube at the same time. The Wolf moved one hand to the back of the chair to steady himself and reached the other beneath them to tickle her ass-hole. Lorie came again.

"You like it when I play with your ass, don't you?" he hissed breathily in her ear.

"Yes," she whimpered.

"You want me to fuck your ass, don't you?"

"Oh god, yes. Please fuck my ass, Wolf."

Pushing her legs up so that they almost touched her shoulders, the Wolf exposed the puckered pink hole. He pulled his drenched cock from her pussy and slid it across her butt. The Wolf inserted two fingers into her cunt to gather their co-mingled juices and slowly painted her ass-hole with the mixture, then he slid his middle finger deep inside her ass, as far as it would go, stroking steadily. He massaged her clit with his thumb simultaneously.

"Are you ready, baby?"

"Yes," she gasped, "please."

"'Please" what, baby?"

"Please fuck my ass."

The Wolf withdrew his finger and kneeled upright again, placing his cock at the opening of her brown hole. He leaned slowly into her as she relaxed and allowed him entry. Lorie moaned as she felt herself being torn apart by his tool, inch by agonizing inch.

"Oh, fuck," she gasped, "oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh my fucking-god, fuck..."

Once in to the hilt, the Wolf slowly began to withdraw. She was so tight, so wet. He knew he'd fill her ass with his come, and the thought made him more aroused if that were possible. He fought back his urge to orgasm as he stroked in again. She was such a hot little come-slut, and he was going to fill her ass-hole with come. He pumped in and out with an increasingly rapid rhythm.

Lorie reached up and grabbed her ankles. She was no one now. Nothing, just his vessel, a repository for his come. She orgasmed again. He was taking her ass as he'd taken her cunt as he'd taken her mouth. She wanted to feel him shoot in her ass. Lorie came again.

"Fill me," she panted, "Fill my ass-hole with your come."

With a lupine howl. the Wolf plunged in one last time and exploded in her ass. He wanted to pull out and shoot his wad on her white cheeks, but he couldn't move. Spurt after spurt emptied into her dark hole. He collapsed on her and felt her shudder beneath him. Lorie had come again.

As his cock went limp, he eased it out of her. A dribble of his spunk oozed out of her ass and dropped onto the floor. Slowly, they regained their breath, their heart-rates returned to normal. He leaned up and kissed her.

"You are one sexy fucking bitch, Red."

"You're not so bad yourself, sugar. But I think I need another shower."

"Yeah, I burned a few calories myself."

"Let's go get wet," she teased. "It might be a long day."

"You want more?"

"I'm just getting warmed up, lover boy."