 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't already, read A Reunion of Sorts I, which is the prequel to this story.



"I wanted to dress sexier for you," Sarah stated apologetically as I looked her over in a pair of capris and a casual shirt, "but it might have raised some questions based on where I'm supposed to be right now."

"Don't worry about it," I told her, "because whatever you'd worn would've ended up in a heap on the floor anyway. Maybe you can send me some photos."

I closed and locked my hotel room door and followed her into the room, checking out her ass and knowing I'd have my hands all over it soon enough. I didn't hesitate and just took her in my arms at the foot of the bed, my hands going from her waist down to her ass, squeezing it while pulling her against my growing tool. We made out passionately as if making up for lost time and missed opportunities before Sarah finally broke away.

"I've been thinking about fucking you since yesterday," she said.

"Then let's get to it," I replied and started to lift her shirt up. She raised her arms and allowed me to remove it before reaching for my shirt and raising it. Rather than going for her bra next, I worked on opening her capris while she did the same with my jeans. Her capris dropped to her ankles leaving her in just bra and panties and causing my cock to grow even harder as I looked her over.

"I'm going to suck your cock this time, too," she said as she extracted it from my jeans after discovering that I was not wearing any underwear.

"And I'm going to let you suck my cock," I replied, savoring the feel of her hand on my rigid tool, "but I'm also going to eat your pussy since you denied me that last time, too."

"Okay," she agreed, "but fucking first, right?"

"Absolutely," I replied as I stepped out of my jeans while she still stroked my cock. I reached out to caress her tits through her bra before reaching behind her to unfasten it. She released my cock as I slid her bra down her arms, my gaze fixed on her freckled chest and her nipples and areolas. I dropped her bra to the floor and my hands went back to her tits, caressing the soft, smooth flesh and her hard nipples. She moaned softly and reached for my cock again. I was still kind of amazed that the skinny girl with little more than a couple of mosquito bites on her chest that night we'd fooled around now had such a curvaceous body and a succulent pair of tits. I had every intention of squeezing my cock between them before she left my hotel room later that day.

I lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples, requiring her to release my tool again, and my hands gradually moved down to her ass then to the sides of her panties as I started to slide them down. I dropped to my knees to admire her trim bush as I helped her step out of them then kissed her abdomen before standing again. I kissed her lips then turned and climbed onto the bed, lying on my back in the middle of it. She crawled onto the bed, her tits swinging, but paused to wrap her lips around my throbbing tool, not necessarily to prove to me that she was willing to do it now, but more likely because she was anxious to do it. She sucked my cock very briefly, but long enough to let me know that I was absolutely going to enjoy it, then moved up far enough to straddle my hips.

As I reached up to fondle her tits again, she guided my cock to her pussy and lowered herself onto it. We both moaned as her hot, slippery pussy engulfed my tool and she started to slowly ride it. As I played with her tits, I was still taking in her naked body looming over me, appreciating both the body and the naked. Her pussy felt amazing and it was clear that she had been pretty worked up before she'd even arrived. I was glad we had a few hours ahead of us because I was immediately thinking that it was not going to take her very long to cum. Her slow riding gradually became a lot harder and faster and, though I was thoroughly enjoying having my cock slipping in and out of her hot pussy, I wasn't feeling the stirrings of my own orgasm yet.

Just as MaryAnn had hours before, Sarah ended up leaning forward, supporting herself on her arms planted next to my head, while continuing to ride up and down on my cock. I went back to licking and sucking her nipples while caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits before my hands moved around to squeeze her ass. I started pushing up into her each time she came down, penetrating her as deeply as I could, as her moans became louder and more insistent. When her pace suddenly dropped dramatically, her entire body quivered as she came. I continued to lick and suck her nipples while caressing and squeezing her ass until she straightened up again and, slowly bouncing, smiled down at me.

"I want to suck your cock and swallow your cum now," she stated as I stared at her bouncing boobs.

"Why don't you swing around and straddle my head," I suggested, "so I can taste you at the same time."

She rode me slowly for another minute or two before moving off of my cock and repositioning herself over me in a sixty-nine. As I was gazing up at her trim, brown bush, she gripped my cock with one hand and wrapped her lips around it. I moaned as she slid her mouth down engulfing my tool then immediately slid it back up again. I relished her cocksucking for a minute or so before running my tongue along her slit and tasting her pungent juices. I lapped at her pussy, slurping up her copious nectar, as she bobbed her head up and down on my tool. She'd had an aversion to cocksucking when we'd been younger, calling it "gross" if memory served, but I was glad to see that she'd not only gotten over her distaste for it, but had apparently embraced it based on the skill she was demonstrating. Likewise on that one night long ago, she didn't want me to go down on her because she similarly did not find the idea appealing. I was grateful to finally have the opportunity to do something I'd wanted to do back then. I think we were definitely going to have some level of closure on an event that had always felt unfinished.

I was relishing the feel of her mouth sliding up and down my tool as well as the taste of her pussy. I slipped a couple of fingers into her hot, slippery pussy and pumped them in and out while licking and sucking her clit. She paused for a moment to moan a few times before going back to sucking my cock and causing me to moan again. She sucked my cock with a renewed vigor, even though she'd been sucking it with enthusiasm already. I don't know if she was intent on providing pleasure that she had once refused to or if she was relishing a second chance at something she'd since discovered she enjoyed. Either way, I was enjoying her efforts and was certainly planning to give her a mouthful of cum for her efforts.

My free hand was roaming over her ass and occasionally slipping down to cup and caress her dangling tits. I wondered as I was pumping my fingers in and out of her pussy whether there were other sexual things that she'd discovered that actually enjoyed and debated whether to try to find out. Finally I just figured she'd stop me if she wasn't into it, so I slipped my fingers from her pussy, well lubricated and coated with her juices. I slipped two fingers from my other hand into her pussy in their place while spreading her natural lubrication over her asshole. It felt like a shiver immediately passed through her and, as I was spreading it around preparing to penetrate her, she suddenly started to shake violently and raise her head from my cock to let out a passionate moan.

At that point, I didn't even bother pushing my finger into her ass since she was cumming so intensely. I continued to massage her asshole with my slippery fingertip while pumping my fingers in and out of her pussy and licking her clit at least until she stopped shaking and moaning and had gone back to sucking my cock. I dropped my head back and slipped the fingers from her pussy into my mouth while focusing my attention on the amazing job she was doing with her mouth. I did briefly consider the potential for fucking her ass over the next couple of hours but was quickly distracted by the pleasure I was feeling. For somebody who was once so adamantly against cocksucking, she gave a hell of a blowjob now.

I relished my building orgasm and the feel of her hot, wet mouth while trying to just remain relaxed as I got closer and closer to cumming. I did go back to running my hands over her smooth ass and reaching down to fondle her tits as my orgasm got closer and closer but my focus was more on how amazing her mouth felt. She didn't seem to be trying to draw out my pleasure as MaryAnn had which was fine with me because I was feeling about ready to blow my load. When I finally exploded into her mouth she made a noise like she was caught off guard, but continued to suck me off while swallowing my load. I spurted repeatedly into her mouth and she downed it all, stopping only once I was completely spent and was starting to soften. She repositioned herself to lie beside me and we just held onto each other for a couple of minutes.

"I can't tell you how happy I am to have a second chance after letting that first one slip through my fingers," she said as she snuggled up next to me.

"It will be nice to no longer think of that night and wonder 'what if?'" I replied.

"By the time I leave here," she promised, "you won't have anything left to wonder about."

As we lay there talking, I had one arm around her and the other soon found its way back to her tits. She indulgently let me caress both of her tits while we talked and was soon gently toying with my cock, which was quickly showing signs of life again. I rolled toward her and we started making out as I played with her tits and she played with my cock. Eventually, I started to kiss my way down to her tits so that I could lick and suck her nipples. She could no longer fondle my growing cock, but I slipped a hand between her legs to caress her wet pussy. My cock got stiffer even without her assistance as I alternately pumped a finger in and out of her pussy and lightly caressed her clit.

I kissed my way down from her tits over her stomach and was soon lying on my stomach between her spread legs with my tongue running up her pussy. I slipped my two fingers back into her and pumped them while licking and sucking her clit. She was moaning and gripping my head while her hips gyrated in rhythm with my licking and fingering. Glancing up, I was pleased to see beyond her tits, aimed toward the ceiling due to her arms squeezing them together, that she had a huge smile on her face. If she was distracted or overly-focused earlier for whatever reason, she was certainly in the moment at this point. In addition to her moaning, she was throwing out the occasional "oh yeah" and "oh God" as she clearly was feeling the pleasure that I was intending for her.

As for me, I'd tried to put myself in this position once before and she'd have none of it, so I was relishing the opportunity to be between her legs looking up along her naked body. Tasting her and making her cum were really the point of being down there, but finally being granted access was just as important to me. The longer I devoured her pussy, the louder she was getting and the faster her hips were moving. By this point, my cock was fully rigid again and I'd had to adjust my position to give it some room. As I felt her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged with her impending orgasm, I was thinking about how incredible it was going to feel to slip back into her again. When she let out a cry and started to tremble, I continued eating her with a smile on my face.

Once she'd gone still and had let out a sigh, I raised my head and slipped my fingers free. I kissed my way back up over her abdomen and stomach to her tits, where I licked and sucked her nipples again before guiding my throbbing cock into her pussy. We both moaned as I embedded my cock in her then went back to making out as I slowly slid it in and out with long, full strokes. Her arms were around me and her hands were running up and down my back or squeezing my ass while I repeatedly thrust in and out of her. With her legs spread and her knees bent, she was able to raise her hips to meet my incoming thrusts and, with her pussy as hot and wet as it was, it didn't take long before I started to feel the stirrings of an orgasm.

I was supporting myself over her on my forearms but I could still feel her smooth skin against mine and particularly her tits against my chest. As my orgasm continued to build while we made love, I decided to take advantage of the substantial boobs that she sprouted since the last time I'd had my hands on them. Before I got too close to cumming, I slipped out of her and crawled up to lay my cock between her tits. I squeezed them together around it while brushing my thumbs over her hard nipples. She watched my cock as I started sliding it between her titties while reaching around to grip my ass. The soft, smooth flesh of her cleavage felt incredible even though I had just pulled out of her hot, wet pussy. Having them in my hands at the same time they were wrapped around my cock was extremely stimulating and my orgasm continued to build. I savored the pleasurable feelings I was experiencing as well as the attention my cock was getting from Sarah as I got closer to cumming.

Before I reached the point of no return, I moved forward and slipped my cock into Sarah's hot mouth, moaning as she engulfed my shaft. I slowly slid my tool in and out as she brought a hand around to pump the base while the other caressed my balls. If I'd had to decide at gunpoint whether fucking her pussy, her tits or her mouth felt the best, I still would have had trouble deciding. Since I doubted I'd have another opportunity beyond that afternoon to compare the three, it was good that I wouldn't have to make that decision. Instead, I just planned to relish the opportunity to enjoy each one and knew I would be reliving this afternoon mentally with a great deal of satisfaction just as I'd relived that one night long ago so many times while imagining a different ending.

My orgasm was imminent and my cock was swelling even more but Sarah continued inhaling it enthusiastically. I was gripping the headboard as I looked down at my cock disappearing between her lips. The level of pleasure was intense and would have loved to fuck her mouth for longer, but instead I grunted as I started to spew down her throat. She swallowed my load and continued to suck me off until I was completely spent, then I moved off of her and lay beside her.

"Are your evenings booked up while you're in town this week?" she asked after a bit.

"No," I replied, "do you think you can get away?"

"Whatever it takes," she said, "though I can probably only get away with one."

"Do you have to leave already?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "In fact, I suspect I will be hanging around here longer than I had initially planned, but even then I know I will be anxious to see you again as soon as I am out the door. Just trying to be proactive."

"I'll work around your schedule then," I told her, "but don't get yourself in trouble. When I head back to Colorado, I don't want this to be over."

"Oh, it won't be," she assured me, "We may not be able to physically get together, but we'll still be getting each other off."