  This is a fun story about a girl I knew in college. It's been embellished of course, but Jessie's character and her love of oral sex was real. I hope you like. 

Little White Lies

Chapter 1

Dexter

Dexter Reynolds couldn't believe his luck. She'd said yes! Jessie Marks had said yes to him when he'd asked her out! He'd been thinking about it so much, he could barely focus on his workout. The bars seemed almost lighter, and it felt like he could do a hundred reps.

He grinned excitedly for the hundredth time. Jessica Marks was the object of his desire, and was known as Jessie to those he'd asked about her. He knew little about her, except what he could physically see. He knew that she was from the area, that she had gone to a different high school than him and that she was there going to the same University he was. 

She also seemed to be the type of girl that was simply too beautiful to be approached by normal folks, or that people assumed had a boyfriend. Half of the people he questioned about her said as much, though he never saw her with a guy more than once. 

She looked like a walking wet dream, in his opinion. She had shoulder length brown hair, a wonderful sense of humor, she was intelligent and had an absolutely incredible body that men, old or young, would kill for. She had a habit of wearing short skirts that showed her sexy legs, and seldom seemed to wear a bra. He knew that she was in many a young man's spank bank. While she didn't have huge breasts that most of the guys he knew liked, she did have perky ones that were very demanding of attention, with obvious nipples that tended to stay erect whether she wore sweaters or tank tops.

She just seemed to radiate sex. It oozed from her with every move she made. It was like the slime trail a slug would leave, only less disgusting. The only problem that she seemed to have was that she appeared unapproachable because she was so hot. He did see guys talk to her, and she wasn't rude with them. On the contrary, they seemed to always get her number. He'd see her the next day and the guy wouldn't be paying attention to her anymore.

There was a quiet wistfulness about her, a sense of vulnerability that he found alluring. Whenever she smiled at him in class, his heart started beating faster and faster. He'd wanted to ask her out for a long time, but was intimidated by her. Still, he knew that the worst she could say was no, so he'd finally decided that he would go for it.

After class, he decided he was going to approach her. She was talking to a couple of guys about the homework, so he waited patiently. As she started to walk to her car, he took a deep breath and caught up with her.

"Jessie, right?" he asked.

She turned and smiled at him, and everything stopped. He felt his heart pounding in his chest as she saw him and beamed a beautiful smile his way. Momentarily forgetting what he was going to say, he shook himself from silence.

"Yes," she said. "Dexter, right?"

He nodded. "OH MY GOD SHE KNOWS MY NAME!" his brain was screaming. 

"I uh...," he started, but had to clear his throat. "Excuse me," he said. "I wanted to know if you wanted to get dinner sometime this week?"

She smiled widely. "Oh, my! That's so sweet!" she said.

He'd heard that part before, and frowned, sensing the coming denial.

"I'd love to," she said, smiling sweetly.

He nodded and turned. "I understand," he said. Stopping, he turned back and looked up. "Wait, you said yes!"

She giggled and nodded. "I was wondering if you were ever gonna work up the courage to ask me out. You stare at me like... all the time," she said, rolling her eyes playfully.

He blushed deeply and nodded. "Yeah," he said. "I guess I do."

"I get it," she said. "I'm pretty awesome."

He laughed.

"Give me your phone," she said, holding out her hand. He smiled and unlocked it. He'd have given her his left hand if she'd asked for it.

She clicked a few buttons and then started entering her information. He looked at it and smiled. It said Jessie "Dreamgirl" for the contact name.

"You've got that right," he said, grinning.

"Flattery will get you far," she said smiling. "Text me when you wanna take me out and spend all your money on me!" she joked.

He nodded. "I mean, I have to play it cool and wait like 3 months right?"

She nodded. "Dude, if I get a message from you before then, it's over."

He laughed. 

"I better hear from you today," she said. "You've kept me waiting all semester."

He smiled widely. This was going better than he could possibly have hoped!

He'd wracked his brain all week trying to think of a great date to take her on, wanting to knock her socks off. He knew that she'd been on a few, but it seemed like none of them had stuck or that the guy just wasn't right for her. He finally decided on a nice, romantic Italian restaurant, and then he'd offer to take her dancing, or they could go look at the stars by the lake.

Still smiling, he finished his workout and showered before heading home. He got cleaned up and dressed in a nice set of clothes and drove to pick her up. Walking up the flight of steps to her apartment, he tried to calm his nerves. After closing his eyes and breathing deeply for a few seconds, he finally stepped up and knocked on the door.

A few padded footsteps emanated from behind the door, followed by a lock turning. The door swung wide and he saw a different person than he was expecting.

"You must be Dexter," the girl said. She smiled but didn't look up at him long. Turning, she beckoned him in. "Jessie will be out in a few. Make yourself at home. I'm Donna."

"Nice to meet you," he said, smiling. She'd turned though and was headed back to sit on the couch. She picked up a book and started reading as he entered.

She was mildly attractive, from what he could tell since she was wearing a hoodie and long lounging pants. He could see dark brown hair peeking out from around the hood, and must have a large chest as her hoodie was bulging in that area. She glanced up as he stared and smiled, tucking her feet under her lap.

A few awkward seconds of silence passed, and the bathroom door opened. Momentarily losing his train of thought, Dexter couldn't help but smile. Jessie was wearing an incredibly sexy outfit and looked stunning. It was a sexy white dress that was short to accentuate her gorgeous legs and low-cut enough to be enticing yet still maintain some tastefulness.

"Wow," he said, grinning like an idiot.

Jesse smiled and came forwards, twirling for him. "Well, I like that reaction!"

He smiled wider, unable to take his eyes off of her.

"Are you ready?" she asked, walking up and putting an arm through his.

"Absolutely," he answered. "It was nice to meet you," he said, glancing over at Donna. She waved, but didn't look up.

"Bye," Jessie called.

"Have fun," Donna said, "Call me if he misbehaves!"

Jessie rolled her eyes and shook her head, pulling him out the door. Closing it behind her, she glanced over and smiled. "I'm sorry about my roommate. She's such a kidder sometimes."

Dexter smiled and shook his head. "She was fine. A bit quiet, but she was polite when I came in."

Jessie smirked. "She's a bit of a couch potato, but she's been my best friend for a long time," she said.

He chuckled. "Is that a fact?" he asked.

The two engaged in idle conversation, getting to know each other and talking about school. He learned that she was a sophomore just like he was, and that she loved the town they lived in and the college they both attended. She was 20, just like him, and had an older brother, just like him.

She didn't quite know what she wanted to study, but was leaning towards nursing. He'd told her all about himself but left out the part about his mom passing away. They talked about work and how he didn't know what he was going to study either. It was a wonderful meal, and she really seemed to enjoy it. As they walked out, she leaned in close to him and put her arm in his. Looking up at him, she smiled and looked at him curiously.

Suddenly realizing that she wanted to kiss him, he stopped and faced her. Her eyes seemed to sparkle as he caressed her cheek. Leaning down, he saw her close her eyes and followed her lead, her lips softly pressing against his.

Breaking the kiss a second later, she smiled widely and clutched at him tighter.

As he smiled and started to walk again, she turned and asked him, "So, where are we going now?"

He smiled. "Well, I have two ideas. I'm hoping that you can give me a little input on which you'd like to do. I figured giving you a choice might be a good idea."

"Oh, I like this! Whatcha got?" she said excitedly. He loved how affectionate she was being with him. She was still holding his arm as he walked up to the door of his truck and opened it for her. She ran her hand down his arm as she hopped in and then clasped his hand when he got in on his side. He felt like a little bit of a hornball, but noticed when she was walking that her breast was pushed up against his arm, and he keenly felt her nipple brush back and forth across it a few times as they walked. She seemed almost unaware of how far her breasts protruded, and was nonplussed when they were squished up against him, not that he minded in the least.

"Well, I know some girls like to go dancing," he started to say, but she frowned and shook her head immediately, "Or," he chuckled, continuing, "We can go to the lake and look at the stars. I've got a blanket and some pillows."

She grinned and clapped excitedly. "Lake!" she said, practically vibrating with excitement. "I haven't been stargazing in a long time! Usually guys just want one thing and that doesn't make for a long date!"

He smiled. He'd been hoping that she'd choose stargazing. Turning out of the parking lot, he pulled out onto the road and drove until they found a relatively dark spot where they could see the stars and hear the gentle lapping of the waves. He spent a few minutes getting the four or five blankets in place in his truck bed, along with a few pillows, and then the two of them climbed in back.

Sighing happily, he slid in and got comfortable, making room for her to the side. She surprised him by sliding underneath his arm and laying in the crook, her hand moving to gently caressing his chest.

"I've really enjoyed our date," she said. "Most guys just want one thing," she said. She turned and glanced at him, tossing her hair over her shoulder. "I'm glad you're not like the others I've gone out with."

He chuckled. "Don't go thinking too highly of me. I'd still be happy to have sex with you, but I just know that it takes time."

She snickered at him and sighed happily.

"Does this mean I get a second date?" he asked.

She shrugged. "I guess you'll have to ask me and find out."

"I'll put that on my list of things to do," he joked.

She sighed a few seconds later and turned, drawing his attention. "You should know something about me."

"Okay," he replied. "Boyfriend?"

She shook her head, smirking. 

"You're actually a man?" he joked.

She rolled her eyes. "No! Hush and let me tell you!"

He made a zipping motion with his fingers across his lips and smiled.

She idly tickled his chest and sat quietly for a moment as if gathering her thoughts. Finally, she cleared her throat, and looked up at him. "Dexter, I'm a virgin. I don't plan on losing my virginity until the time is right."

He lay there quietly, waiting for her to finish.

"I understand if you want to take me home," she said, turning over to face him some more. He sighed happily as her tits pushed into his side, relishing their plump softness.

"Jessie... why would I want to take you home?" he asked, genuinely baffled that she'd feel that.

"Well, most guys run for the hills when I tell them that," she said. "That's the main reason I don't get a second date!"

"I've only been with one other girl," he admitted. "I don't mind that you're a virgin. I never sealed the deal with her."

She smiled. "So we could potentially be each other's first?"

He smiled widely, floored at how well the date was going. "When the time is right. I mean, you're putting a lot of pressure on me!"

She giggled and lay back down on his arm.

"If we start dating, I won't pressure you," he said. "In fact, you can surprise me with it when you're ready."

The proximity of her wonderfully alluring tits pressing into his chest and side, the soft ministrations of her fingers across his skin, and the enticing way she smelled all served to give him a massive erection. He doubted that she could see it from how she was laying, but he couldn't be sure. He desperately needed to adjust it though.

"You don't know how happy that makes me," she said. "You're definitely getting a second date."

He chuckled. "Are your other dates that bad?"

"God," she said, rolling her eyes. "You have no idea! Most guys don't make it through dinner without propositioning me or asking for a blowjob."

He smirked. "No patience," he said, shaking his head.

"I mean, I love giving head as much as any girl, but at least let me finish my dinner!" she said.

His heart and his erection both leapt at the notion of her giving a blowjob, and he had a flash of her crawling under the table at the restaurant and taking his cock in her mouth.

"Does that bother you," she asked, "knowing that I like giving blowjobs?"

He smiled. "I don't hold people's past against them. Besides, if we start dating, I'll be the one benefiting of your blowjob experience."

She giggled. "Very true!" She turned, sliding on top of him. He was keenly aware of her obvious cleavage and the way she was draped across him, his erection pinned between them.

"Wow," she said, wiggling across his crotch with her hips. "That feels pretty damn big."

He smiled and blushed.

"I have to say," she said, tickling his chest. "I really, really like giving blowjobs. Like... a lot. Maybe I'll tell you how it all started one day, but for now just know that I've sucked a few cocks. Take the amount that you think I like to give blowjobs that you have in your head right now, and triple it."

He groaned, involuntarily thrusting his hips upwards.

"Ohh," she said, feeling his thrust. "Someone likes hearing about me sucking cock?"

He grinned and nodded.

"Is it because I'm so sweet and innocent looking?" she asked, causing him to nod again. She glanced down between them, but he knew she couldn't see anything in the dim light.

"I know this makes it seem like I'm a tramp," she said, "but would it be okay if I gave you a blowjob?"

He couldn't believe what he was hearing. She was actually asking him for permission to suck his dick!

"I uh... sure," he stammered. "I mean... hell yes! As long as I get a second date!" 

She snickered. "I already told you that you were, goofy."

He sighed happily. "Then by all means," he said. "My cock is yours."

She giggled excitedly. "I'm sorry, I just have to see how big you are!"

He smiled and looked down. "Sure," he repeated.

"Sometimes I'd see you walking in school and I'd see this sizable bulge in your pants and wonder if you were really big, or just big," she said excitedly.

Sliding down his body, she began to unbutton and unzip his pants, sliding them down until he was able to kick them off. Reaching down, she slid her hands into his boxers and grinned up at him.

"Wow," she whispered. "You're so big and hard!"

He'd been hoping for a goodnight kiss at the end of the evening, but here he was, half naked with the girl of his dreams getting situated to suck his cock, and she was praising his size! He couldn't believe his luck!

"So did you like the idea of me sucking cock?" she asked, scooting down and looking up at him. "Did you want me to suck you off during dinner?"

He smiled and nodded. 

She moved lower, lifting his shirt with her free hand and kissing his chest as she traveled lower. Smiling, he propped both arms underneath him and exhaled contentedly.

"Naughty boy," she said. "You didn't even know if I liked to do that sort of thing and you wanted me to suck your cock in public!"

He groaned, feeling his cock grow even more erect. He could feel the dampness of her panties on his thigh as she slid lower, and he loved how soft and squishy it felt. She reached his crotch by then and pulled his erection free, staring at it in the pale light.

"God," she said smiling up at him. "I love the size of your cock," she gushed. She looked up at him and adopted an innocent look. "Can I give you a blowjob?" she asked playfully. "Please, please, please!"

He smiled and nodded. "If you don't, I'm liable to explode right here."

She giggled and turned, bringing his shaft up to her lips. Leaning forwards, she pushed both lips to the tip, kissing it. Pre-cum oozed from the tip and she snaked her tongue out to catch it and spread it over the rest of the head. Moaning softly as her eyes rolled back briefly, she slid her lips over the tip and down.

"I love that," she said, licking her lips.

"God," he groaned, arching his back in pleasure. "You're really fucking good at that!"

She snickered and pulled off of him. "That's definitely a compliment," she said, sucking his cock back in. She began to slide down, her lips tight around the shaft as she sucked, lower and lower until she'd reached her limit.

"God," she said, pulling off. "I can't get it all the way, you're just too big!" She took him back in for a second before pulling off again. "Yet," she added, causing him to grin widely.

She wrapped one hand around his base and was pumping rhythmically, her lips wrapped snugly around the head of his cock. She wasn't fooling around now, he realized. She was sucking and stroking him with a purpose. She wanted his load.

He groaned, unable to hold back any longer. "God, Jessie," he groaned. "You're gonna make me cum..."

She smiled and made the sound every man wants to hear in this position. "Mmmhmm," she said, stroking and sucking. She didn't slow at all as he began to cum, his cock-head bursting into her mouth. Small whimpers of what sounded like pleasure were coming from her lips as she stroked. He could feel and hear her swallowing his seed, moaning and whimpering all the while.

Eventually, he stopped filling her mouth and she went about sucking and licking the remnants from his shaft. Groaning in pleasure, he lay there for a few minutes and enjoyed her efforts at his cock.

"God," she said. "You're still so hard! Are you always like this?" she asked, looking up.

He chuckled. "Yeah. I can cum several times before it ever goes away. It certainly made puberty interesting. "

She giggled and sat up, letting him pull his pants back on.

"So," he said. "Would you like me to return the favor?" he asked.

She smiled but shook her head. "I'm okay."

He cocked his head and looked at her. "I'm not expert at it, but I'm certainly happy to give it my best."

She smiled. "Save it for our second date, sexy," she said.

He finished getting dressed and then settled in to the bed of the truck to hold her.

"Can I ask you something?" she asked.

He nodded and glanced over.

She bit her lip nervously before speaking. "Does it bother you knowing that I like sucking cock?"

He chuckled and thought about it. "Honestly, no, it doesn't. I'm not really the jealous type."

She exhaled then, breathing easier. "So it's okay that I usually ended my dates with a blowjob?"

He looked at her surprised but then smiled. "Like I said, who am I to hold your past against you."

She sighed happily and snuggled closer to him. "This is the best first date ever," she said.

He chuckled. "I think I'm the one that's supposed to say that. I just got the best blowjob ever given."

She giggled. "If you think that's good, wait until I get you in a bed." She slid her hand idly across his and clasped it. "I'm looking forwards to hearing from you tomorrow," she said. "That's the real test."
