 Chapter 3

Jessie

After being dropped off, Jessie kissed her boyfriend goodbye, said an "I love you," and headed inside. Saying a quick hello to Donna, she went and showered and then went to bed, briefly stopping to chat with her roommate.

"I'm good," she assured her, after Donna had asked her if everything was okay. "I've just been having sex a lot today."

Donna smiled and kissed her on the cheek. "Get some rest baby," she said.

She did just that, climbing into bed and falling asleep quickly. The next morning, she pulled herself out of bed around 8 a.m. and yawned, stretching and looking around. Not bothering to dress beyond a simple pair of panties, she quickly went to the bathroom and relieved herself. After finishing, she headed to the kitchen to make herself some breakfast. 

Her boss had scheduled her to come in at 10 a.m. that morning, so she had enough time to eat breakfast and relax for a little bit before going in to work. Reaching into the refrigerator, she pulled out eggs and some bacon. Hearing Donna's door open, she turned and smiled, seeing John come into the kitchen.

"Morning, darlin'," he said, coming over to her.

"Want some bacon and eggs?" she asked.

He nodded. "Sounds great," he replied. "OJ?" he asked, reaching into the fridge.

She nodded and began to pull out several strips of bacon, laid them on the platter and started cooking them in the microwave. 

"Is Donna gonna want some?" she asked.

He shook his head as he poured both of them a glass from the carton. "She's workin'," he said.

She nodded in response as she turned back to the counter top.

"So y'all are getting pretty close?" he asked, handing her a glass as she began to crack the two of them some eggs in a bowl.

She giggled. "Yeah, John. I mean... we had sex and everything!" she said sarcastically.

He laughed easily. "You know what I mean," he said, coming up behind and looking over her shoulder. "You're really in love with him?"

She smiled and nodded, turning and glancing at him. "I really am. He's a great guy and he loves me too."

He smiled. "I'm so happy for you," he said.

"Thanks hun. Can you hand me the salt and pepper?" she asked, reaching into the fridge for a little milk to pour into the eggs.

He did as she asked and slid them to her. After she added salt and pepper to her egg and milk mixture, she began to whip them up with a fork. He came back around behind her, sliding his hands easily to her hips and pressing up against her. Leaning down, he gently kissed the nape of her neck causing her to sigh in quiet pleasure.

"You think he'll ever get used to Donna and me?" he asked, lifting his head up and laying his chin on her shoulder.

Jessie giggled. "I'm sure he will sweetie," she said, glancing at him and placing a quick peck on his cheek.

"I definitely wouldn't want to scare him off," he said. "You seem happy and I know Donna likes him."

Jessie shook her head. "I don't think this one is going anywhere," she said. "Besides being in love with me, he gets oral sex all the time, and he gets to fuck me and your girlfriend."

John chuckled, kissing her earlobe for a second. "Who wouldn't want to keep doing that?" he asked.

Finishing up with the mixing, she turned, causing him to back up a little so she could move. Grabbing butter from the fridge, she rubbed some on the pan after turning on the burner. He returned to his position behind her, his hands sliding easily to her hips again. His left stayed on her hipbone, but he slowly moved his right upward to her stomach, and then even further, to one breast and then the other.

"He's just not used to your sexual proclivities like I am," she said, sighing in pleasure as he reached up and gently pulled at one of her nipples. His fingers were warm as he rubbed and squeezed the flesh of her breasts. She reached over to the counter and grabbed the bowl of eggs and poured them into the pan, then reached for a wooden spoon.

Behind her, John was nibbling at her neck again. It was a relatively common thing with him, whether Donna was there or not, he was always very affectionate. She'd grown used to his playfulness long before she had even met Dex. In fact, one of John's favorite activities in the morning was kissing and fondling her. She figured that it was all pretty innocent.

She glanced over her shoulder, a look of playful dismay on her face. "Now don't make me burn the eggs," she warned.

He grinned and spun her to the side so he was able to get access to her front, and lowered his face, sucking her nipple into his mouth as she swatted him away.

"You focus on your job," he said. "Let me have my fun."

She sighed. "Yes, sir," she said, giggling.

Sliding his left hand down, he pushed at the edge of her panties with his fingers, fumbling to get inside them as she snickered and stirred the eggs. Eventually the cusp of her pink panties lifted enough as his fingers tickled the soft skin above her pubic hair, and then slid inside as she turned back around to the stove and continued to slowly stir the eggs. Her mother had taught her to cook them slowly for a better result and less chance of burning.

John's fingers pushed lower, gently sliding through her pubic hair and then lower still; a single finger pushing across her clitoris and eliciting a moan.

"You're always so horny in the mornings," she said, whimpering as he bit into her shoulder. His digit slid across her button again and again, and she felt herself quickly getting wet. Behind her, she felt his erection poking her in the butt as he continued to gently rub his finger across her clit.

"You're always so damn naked," he replied. "I'm a red-blooded man and I get horny when I see naked women."

She giggled. "Your fingers are so rough, too" she said. "You should use lotion."

He chuckled, looking at his free hand. "I'm sorry," he said. "Am I hurting you?"

She shook her head as he continued to strum a single finger across her clit. "No, but if you keep that up, you're going to make me have an orgasm."

He nibbled at her neck again. Moving his hand lower, he pushed his middle finger through her folds and then inside, curling it up and slowly rubbing. "That's the general idea," he said, grinning at her.

She snickered again and moaned, leaning forward.

"Don't burn my eggs, bitch," he said, pulling her back upright and kissing her earlobe. She giggled and forced herself to focus.

"Your damn rough hands are always so distracting, so don't blame me if you get a burned breakfast every once in a while," she countered.

He pulled his finger out of her pussy and brought it up, forcing it past her lips and into her mouth. He loved to make her suck her own juices, and it was a relatively common thing when he was being all flirty with her. She slurped at his rough digit, then whimpered as he slid it back inside her panties, and then inside her.

Forcing herself to focus, she continued stirring the eggs as he worked up a steady rhythm of pumping his finger gently in and out of her.

"God, John," she groaned, feeling an orgasm stirring deep within her.

He grinned and slid to the ground behind her, pulling her panties down as he went. Pushing her forward over the stove, he ran his outstretched tongue across her asshole a few times as he moved his other hand upward, his finger sliding into her pussy again.

"You know," she said, "I really like how you pay me back for making breakfast," she said, giggling.

He grinned, then continued to run his tongue across her ass, even going so far as to push at it with the warm, wet organ. She whimpered, slapping the counter top as she began to cum, leaning forward, dangerously close to the stove for a moment before she recovered.

He slid backwards as she moved, his hand and face retreating from her lower regions. She leaned forward and gripped the counter as he stood, taking over and plating the eggs as her orgasm continued to course through her.

"Fuck," she whimpered, grasping at the counter as her pussy contracted down hard on nothing. She turned and glanced down, drawn to the bulge still sticking out from his shorts and fought to keep herself from dropping to her knees and taking his cock into her mouth.

Eventually, she recovered from her powerful early morning orgasm enough to turn and pull John to her for a kiss, her lips pushing against his as his tongue found hers. Stepping back just as suddenly, she smiled and shook her head.

"Thank you," she sighed, still breathing heavily. "That was really intense."

John grinned and nodded, handing her a plate with bacon and eggs on it.

"Can I make you some toast to go with it?" she asked, grabbing the plate.

He shook his head. "I'm good like this," he said, grabbing a fork and heading to the kitchen table.

She smiled and then turned as her phone began to buzz. She picked it up and answered it, half-expecting Dexter to be calling.

"Dex?" she asked.

"Nope," Donna answered. "What the fuck is my boyfriend doing that he can't answer my calls?" she asked.

Jessie giggled. "He had his tongue in my ass and his fingers in my pussy again," she said.

Donna snickered on the other end of the phone. "Well, I guess that's a good enough reason," she said. "Kind of an odd way to pay you back for making breakfast though, isn't it?" she asked.

Jessie giggled and sat down across from him. "I think he's just wanting another blowjob like the other two I gave him."

John grinned and nodded emphatically, even going so far as to stand and unzip his shorts, pulling out his still-hard cock and move over to her.

She giggled and briefly took it in her mouth before pushing him away.

"I heard that," Donna said. "Don't be teasing my man," she said.

Jessie giggled again. "I'll think about finishing him off after I have my breakfast," she said.

"As long as Dex doesn't get upset by it," John said. "You can suck me off whenever you like, sugar tits."

She rolled her eyes. "Why would he be?" she asked. "I already sucked you off twice now, remember?"

He grinned, reaching for her phone. "I definitely remember," he said, still standing in front of her.

She sighed, giggling as she handed him the phone and leaned forward, taking his cock into her mouth. Looking up, she shook her head, briefly taking him out to speak. "Just make it quick," she said. "I don't like cold eggs." She quickly took his cock back in and began to make short work of it, her lips tightly squeezing it as she sucked, the modest organ sliding all the way into her mouth as he lifted the phone to his ear. Looking up at him, she pursed her lips and pressed them to the head of his cock, kissing it and then blossoming her lips over the mushroom head and sucking for a moment, then sliding him into her mouth, still sucking. She moaned, feeling her pussy getting wetter as she sucked his cock, thoroughly enjoying what she was doing.

"Hey baby," he said. "Yeah, I'm shoving my cock into the little slut's mouth right now."

Jessie giggled at how demeaning he was being. She knew he was only kidding. They were close enough for her to know that he didn't really think she was a slut; he just liked to call her that. Her lips slid over his shaft faster, desperately trying to get him to cum. Cold eggs really weren't all that appetizing, and they got cold so quickly too!

"Yeah," he said, "lunch sounds great. Okay... I'll see you then." He grunted once and Jessie grew excited as he dumped a warm load of cum into her mouth. Swallowing quickly, she was rewarded with another, and then another, both of which she swallowed down with an audible gulp, relishing the taste and letting some of it slide around in her mouth for a moment as she whimpered and moaned. She took a second for herself, enjoying his cum before sliding her lips along his cock and sucking hard as she pursed her lips around the head, then sucked and swallowed down any remaining cum that she could find. 

Then, just as suddenly as it started, John leaned down and kissed her lips, his tongue briefly darting in before he stood and put his dick away, quietly whispering a thank you. She slid into her own seat and began to eat her lukewarm eggs, now slightly saltier due to the cum remaining in her mouth.

She smiled to herself, thinking about how much she wanted to suck off her boyfriend again. She had a sudden thought about sucking off Dex and John at the same time and giggled quietly.

After she finished, she took John's empty plate and put it in the sink, rinsing it off and then heading off to get dressed for work. She pulled on one of her shorter skirts and a loose fitting top with an appropriate bra and then headed to the bathroom to put on her makeup.

A little later, she headed to work and headed in to where she sat at her desk. There was a note from Mr. Murphy there. Picking it up, she smirked, figuring that she knew what he wanted.

"Miss Marks, please come see me in my office when you get in," it said. It was signed, "Mr. Murphy."

She sighed and turned, heading for his office. Knocking quietly, she waited until she heard him say, "Enter," before turning the handle and stepping inside.

"Good morning," he said.

She smiled sweetly at him and came over. "Where's Taylor?" she asked. Taylor was his normal secretary.

"She's on vacation this whole week," he said. "It's just you and me." He smiled and gestured to the chair in front of his desk. "Have a seat," he said, looking nervous.

She briefly thought he might be about to fire her, but quickly brushed the notion aside.

"Miss Marks," he began.

"Mr. Murphy, you're the boss. You can call me Jessie," she reminded him.

He smiled. "Jessie," he said, correcting himself. "I just want to apologize for my behavior on Saturday," he said. "I promise you it won't happen again."

She cocked her head curiously at him. "Why in heavens would you apologize?" she asked, genuinely surprised that he would verbally acknowledge what had transpired.

He stammered then, suddenly unsure.

"Mr. Murphy," she started. "I think it's pretty clear that I'm an exhibitionist. I like when people look at me. I like being objectified," she said. "Being nude is liberating and it makes me happy, so when people look at me and like... enjoy it... I get chills. It's very exciting!" She briefly thought about mentioning how much she liked to suck cock, but figured that it didn't pertain to the conversation as much.

He didn't say anything, so she continued.

"I know that you like peeking at my panties, or looking down my shirt, and I've tried to figure out a way to let you know that I don't mind," she said, "that I even like it."

He smiled. "I just... I didn't want..."

She grinned. "I'd never go and tell anyone on you, sir," she said. "I'm not sure about a few things, though," she said.

He looked at her inquisitively then.

"Is it me pretending that I don't know you are looking that you like?" she asked. "Or is it just the act of looking."

He nervously cleared his throat. "Well... I... I've never actually told anyone this..." he said. "I'm a little unsure how to respond."

She giggled and quickly stood and lifted up her shirt, slipping it off and then unclipping her bra as his eyes widened in surprise.

"I'm the one that did that," she said. "You aren't forcing me to do anything I don't want. Now," she said, sitting back down, "answer me if you will."

He smiled widely. "I... I just like the idea that I'm doing something I'm not supposed to, you know?"

She grinned and nodded.

"I like when you're working and you don't know I'm looking. It really turns me on," he admitted. "I liked Saturday, where I was able to jerk off in front of you and you were still working. You're so sexy."

"Aww," she said, smiling at the sweet sentiment. "What's your favorite part of me?" she asked, standing and coming over to him. "Do you like my tits?" she asked, leaning down so he could get a good look. A few seconds passed as he stared wide-eyed again before she turned and lifted her skirt. "Or is it my butt that you prefer?"

He smiled widely, reaching out to caress her rear. "I really like a bubble-butt like yours, though your breasts are dynamite, too," he admitted.

She smiled. "Well then," she said. "Now that we've got that out of the way; please don't apologize for liking to look at me. I'm an exhibitionist and you're doing me a favor."

He nodded. "I won't apologize then, if you promise to tell me if I cross the line."

"Deal," she said.

A sudden idea struck her then, and she smiled. "I'll tell you what. You draw up a private contract stating what you expect of your office assistant position, and I'll sign it. No questions asked," she added.

His smile widened.

"And by the way," she said. "Unless you just absolutely have to, you don't have to go and hide in the bathroom to jerk off. Do it like you did on Saturday," she told him. "I promise, it doesn't bother me."

He shook his head in amazement. "I can't believe this is happening," he said. "I just can't believe that you're really telling me that all of this is okay. I mean, I've had sexy secretaries in the past but none of them have ever been even remotely okay with any of this."

She giggled and shrugged. "Well, I'm definitely not like other girls," she said. "I like being objectified, remember?" she asked. "Draw up our new agreement and I'll sign it," she said. "Promise."

Turning, she reached for her shirt, but stopped. "Would you like me to put on my clothes again?" she asked.

He smiled and nodded. She turned and slid her bra and then blouse back on, then waved playfully as she headed to her desk.

The rest of the day was actually pretty normal for Jessie. She spent most of it at her desk doing paperwork, and then the last few hours, Mr. Murphy had her come in to his office and go through some more of the giant stack of boxes while he stood behind her. At one point, he pulled his zipper down and started jerking off. She did as he'd specified, though, which was to keep working no matter what he was doing. After a short and slightly uncomfortable session of bending over, knees straight, he grunted and finished on the floor again, hurrying to clean it up before it made a stain.

After that, she went back to her desk and dug back into the paperwork, heading to her car a little before 5. She drove over to Dex's house, but neither of them were home, so she quickly straightened up the house and took the dirty clothes from their bedrooms and bathrooms to the wash. She loaded the dirty dishes in the dishwasher, and then finished the current load of laundry. After folding it, she got ready to leave. She figured she might see Dex that night and would be back, but decided that she better leave the next load of laundry for Saturday when she could be here longer and there would be more to wash. Satisfied that the house was clean, she headed for her own place.

When she went in, Donna was sitting on the couch leaning against John. "Hey guys!" she called cheerfully.

Donna smiled, but Jessie could tell she was sad. John must be leaving for work again. He worked in the oil field and could be gone for a month at a time with all the traveling. He had a single large bag packed.

"John about to head out to work?" she asked.

Donna nodded and turned, kissing him.

"K, I'll leave you guys alone," she said, winking. Donna smiled at her again and turned back, whispering to him.

"Jessie!" John called out. She'd just been about to enter her room when she heard him, and turned around.

"Yeah?" she asked, standing at the edge of the hallway. 

"I need you to record your boyfriend fucking Donna once or twice for me," he said. "You'd be doing me a favor."

Jessie grinned. "Of course!" she said. "Want me to use a video camera or just my phone?"

He smiled. "Whichever you think. I want to show it to my boys out on the job," he said. "Show them what a little slut I've got waiting back at home for me."
