 It was Friday night, and I headed out by myself to a local club to get a drink and unwind from the week. I had just started a new job, in a new city and the change was more stressful than I had imagined. But even though I had only been here two weeks, I had fallen in love with LA.

I arrived at the club. It was a fairly large dance club, but not too big. I had been there the previous week and found it to be a great place. The music was loud, but not too loud. It was crowded, but not too crowded. Plus, the women were gorgeous. While I had never had problems meeting women back where I grew up, in two weeks in LA, I had already had three one-nighters. In fact, two of them had proven to be two-nighters and the other a three-nighter. I had been in LA only thirteen days and had mind-blowing sex seven of those nights with three of the hottest women I had ever met. My new roommate, who seemed to be something of a ladies man himself, had complimented me on my quick adaptation to LA women.

I got a double scotch at the bar and find my way to a table next to a railing that allowed me to overlook the dance floor. I looked over the crowd, which was about half of its normal size because it was still only 10:00, saw a very large number of hot ladies that were showing a lot of skin. I had plenty of confidence that I would be celebrating my two-week anniversary of living in LA by fucking my fourth hot chick since the move.

After I finished my first drink, I ordered another from the very cute blonde waitress with large tits and a tight ass that was in charge of the tables where I was sitting. When she returned with my drink, I tipped her $20 for her to make sure no one took my table. I made way toward the dance floor. On my way there, I stopped and asked a blonde girl that I had been eyeing if she wanted to dance. She agreed and I finished my way to the dance floor with her.

She wore a royal blue bikini top/bra that pushed her c-cup fake tits up. Her very tight skirt matched her top and was nothing more than a cover for a patch of skin from the lower portion of her hipbone to about three inches lower than where her legs began. I knew she wore a white g-string because the side strings had crept up just above the top of her skirt.

Once we found a spot, she immediate began dancing with me very closely. She gyrated her hips along my left leg as I held her hips. As she leaned back, she gave a perfect view of her stomach and her navel ring that matched her outfit. When she pulled herself back up, her face was only inches from mine as we dirty danced to the music. 

Before I could kiss her, she turned around and drove her ass into my crotch, which was starting to stir. I put my hands on her stomach and pulled her into me. We danced like this for a few minutes and when the next song started, she bent over and grabbed her knees and she continued to gyrate her hips into my crotch as well as any stripper had ever done for me. I saw in plain view the butterfly tattoo she had on her lower back as well as her g-string, which had become exposed as her skirt rode up when she bent over.

Before I knew it, the song ended and we headed off the dance floor. She gave me a peck on the cheek and told me to look her up later in the evening. I got back to my table, took a drink and began to look for my next dancing partner. 

And then I saw her.

She had come into to the bar when I was dancing with the blonde, but she was standing at the bar.  I do not know what it was about her, but she was the most beautiful, seductive, hot sex kitten that I had ever seen in my life. She wore a brown halter-top that draped over her perfectly round, surgically enhanced tits before wrapping around her waist. She had on an ivory skirt with lots of little red flowers on it that flared out and effortlessly draped over hips before stopping well above her mid-thigh. Her heeled sandals matched her skirt and had a 5-6 inch stiletto heel and wrapped around her legs three times each from her ankles to her mid-calves. She had her black hair pulled back from the sides and clipped almost in a pony-tail fashion.

I immediately made it my goal to make this girl my two-week anniversary conquest. I developed my plan. It turned out to be easier than I thought.

When the waitress came back by, I asked her to fix the young lady in the brown halter another drink on me, which looked to be some type of martini.

I watched my new center of attention as the waitress ordered the drink and then took it over to her. I smiled and tipped my drink to her when the waitress pointed her out to me. She immediately began to walk in my direction.

"Does one drink buy me one dance," I asked before she could say anything.

"Yeah, that sound about fucking right," she replied, putting her new drink on my table.

As I stood, she grabbed my hand and led me out to the dance floor. I walked a step behind her and watched the bottom of her skirt bounce slightly higher exposing more of the back of her upper thigh as she stepped.

We danced close to each other, not as close as I had with the blonde from earlier, but close enough to really see the details of her face. She bright blue eye shadow, a very thick black line of eyeliner, a heavy amount of black mascara, the perfect amount of blush and lips that had just a touch of gloss on them.

My luck increased when the song ended and the DJ started a slow number. Making sure the dance did not end, I grabbed her hips and pulled her into me. She responded by putting her arms around my neck, which pulled me closer to her. Our bodies pressed against each other as we swayed to the song. I could feel her firm tits press against my chest and I was sure she could feel my reawakening cock against her pelvis.

Once we got into rhythm, she pulled her hands of my neck. She pushed them between my arms and under my shirt. She moved her hands up my abdomen until she began to massage my chest before she let them drift to my back. As she began to move her hands down my back, I dropped my right hand across her ass cheek and let it rest on the bare skin of the side of her upper thigh.

I felt a small shutter ripple through her body and a small sigh escape her mouth when I touched her. Seizing the moment, I moved my left hand to the back of her head and positioned her mouth in front of mine. Our lips met and immediately our tongues began their own dance. I moved my right hand up her thigh and cupped her ass cheek, exposing part of her backside to anyone watching.

As I did this, she backed away from me a little. She did not break the kiss, nor did she remove my hand from her ass. I was worried that I had somehow gone too far, too fast, but my fear was quickly removed from my mind when her right hand left my back and moved directly down inside the front of my pants as she grabbed my cock.

She began to squeeze and release my cock to the beat of the song. Not needing a further invitation, my right hand became more active as she played with my cock. I started by tracing the line of her thong/g-string type of panty to the middle of her ass crack, which pretty much exposed her ass to the crowd, but I noticed everyone else on the dance floor was locked into some type of embrace of their own.

I shifted gears and retraced her panty line back to the front, coming to rest on her hot and wet pussy, which I stroked through her panties. My hand on her pussy, her hand on my cock and our tongues in each other's mouth all moved to the rhythm. As we moved in sync, my left hand moved down and began to caress the other ass cheek.

Suddenly, the song came to an end. We removed our tongues from each other's mouth and our hands from each other's body. She led me back to the table as I tried my best to cover my hard-on. We reached the table. We grabbed our seats and took a drink before saying anything.

"You want to fuck me don't you," she said first, surprising me with her boldness.

"Yeah, me and every other guy in the bar," I said, deciding to match her boldness. "Besides, I thought you said one drink only bought one dance. But if you want to make it one dance and a fuck, then who am I to argue."

"That was before I found out you have such a nice dick. I think I want you to fuck me with it before too much longer. Is it a deal?"

"So let's go back to my place."

"No, I need you now. You got a condom on you?"

"No, there at my apartment."

"That's okay, I've got one in my purse, but it's behind the bar. Tell you what...see the exit sign behind the DJ," she asked and I nodded. "Meet me there in five minutes."

I could not believe my ears as she got up and walked away. I watched her saunter toward the bar. I finished my drink and got up. I was thankful that I had decided to keep my spandex briefs on because it helped, along with my untucked shirt, hide what was now a raging hard-on.

I quickly walked to the exit sign and found that she was already there. Without saying a word, she just opened the door and walked out. I followed. We walked into an alleyway that was home to three or four dumpsters for the club and surrounding businesses. She led to me next to one of the dumpsters, where one of the businesses in the next building and a small flight of stairs leading to their backdoor. My sex goddess handed me the condom in her hand, grabbed the stair rail, bent over and stuck her ass out.

"Put that on your fucking dick and stick it in me...hard," she said. "That's right as hard as you fucking can. You make me cum and we'll go back to you place so we can use your condoms."

"Wow, you really are a fucking slut, aren't you," I said, grabbing her hair and giving it a little tug. 

I had already unbuckled my belt and undid my pants. As I pulled on her hair, I pushed my hips hard into hers, which she met with her own push back, my cock separated from her pussy by only two thin pieces of fabric. My left land slid under her shirt and grabbed her nipples. I tweaked it gently at first, but her hand soon covered my hand and she pushed my fingers together much harder and with a strong twist.

"Are you gonna fuck me, or am I going to have to go back in find someone else?"

I needed no further enticement. Quickly I moved my briefs to the side, freeing my cock and wrapped the condom around it. As I did this, she moved her thong strap to the side. I moved directly behind her, placed my cock at the opening of her pussy and easily slid in.

Without worrying to ease in, I pushed my entire length into her with one quick thrust, which she accommodated rather easily. By the second thrust, I began to pound my lower pelvis into her ass cheeks as hard as I could. Wanting to see me thrust in and out of her, I unbuttoned my shirt and let it drape to the side.

"Ooooohhhh yeeeaahhh," she screamed out. "Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...Holy shit your dick feels so good...yeah...ooohhhh...I'm gonna cum fast...yeahhh."

She was screaming loud enough for anyone walking on the sidewalk at the end of the alleyway to hear easily. Excited about getting my first ever screamer, I continued to pound away. I reached both hands under her blouse and grabbed both nipples. Not being gently lick before, I began twist and squeeze them like I had never done with another woman before.

"You like my tits, huh," she loudly said. "You like 'em don't you? You make me cum, you can fuck my titties later."

This girl was a fucking maniac. She continued to scream her pleasure and get off on my rough treatment of her tits. I decided to reach back as I fucked her and smack her ass cheek as hard as I could. She screamed louder than ever as I did it again and again. I smacked both cheeks several times as they got very red. She seemed to love each slap more and more.

Finally, she began to shudder as an orgasm began to rip through her body. I had no idea how I had managed to last as long as I had, but I managed to hold on until she had completely orgasmed before I shot my load into the condom. There was no way that I was going to miss out getting to fuck this slut some more.

I pulled out of her, slipped off the condom, threw in the dumpster and put my clothes back in order. She was back in order much quicker than I was.

"Not too bad sailor," she said, a little short of breath but obviously not out of steam. "Let's go back in so that I can get my purse. Then to your place."

This time I led us back through the bar, stopping to get her purse and then to my car. Before I had even put the car into gear, she was back to work. By the time I had backed out of the parking space, she had already had my cock free and furiously was trying to stroke it back to life, to which it quickly responded.

As we pulled out of the parking lot, she moved in her seat in order to put her head in my lap. I was a quarter-mile away from the club and she now had my entire length, now hard, in her mouth. She was pushing down her throat and her gagging forced her throat to spasm, which heavily massaged the top quarter of my cock.

This was the best blowjob I had ever had. As she gagged, I could feel her throat trying to suck the cum out of my balls. I knew I would cum before I got back to my place, so I pulled into a parking lot that had no cars in it. When she sensed we had stopped, she lifted up slightly and pulled my pants to my ankles.

She began to massage my balls as she continued to gag my cock down her throat. 

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum," I screamed.

"Yeah, baby cum for me," she said to me as she gorged her mouth back onto my cock.

A few seconds later, I shot my second load of the night down her throat as she kept my entire length in her mouth and swallowed me completely.

After I recovered, I began to pull my pants up, but she stopped me.

"No, keep them down," she ordered. "You need to get that dick ready to fuck me again...Real fucking soon."

Realizing that I could not drive with my pants around my ankles, I kicked off my sandals and removed my pants and briefs. As I backed the car back out of the space, I noticed she was in the process of removing her thong. Immediately after that, she removed her skirt. Both of us were now naked from the waist down as we continued to my apartment.

I had a hard time keeping my eyes on the road as I got my first glimpse of the pussy I had fucked earlier. She was bald except for a small landing strip of closely shaven pubic hair. At least, I could see that as her hand moved back and forth since she was now fingering herself in my passenger seat.

"Oh my god, I need to two fingers in me to match the size of that cock that fucked me earlier," she said, obviously trying to massage my ego, which worked. As she said this, her left hand moved back to my lap and began to stroke my cock, which was still about half-hard and coming back to life yet again as I watched her finger fuck herself.

I was completely hard again when we pulled into a parking spot directly in front of my apartment.

"We're here," I managed to say.

"I need you right now," she said with more lust than any girl had ever said to me before. "You got a condom in here?"

"No, there inside."

"That's too long to wait. I've got another one in my purse."

She reached into it and pulled out another condom. Quickly, she wrapped it around me and moved over to my lap in the driver's seat.

"You seem prepared for tonight," I said as she plunged her pussy onto my cock.

"I had only one goal tonight," she said, beginning to rotate her hips so that her pussy moved along my length. "That was to get fucked. You should be as prepared."

Soon she was riding in a solid rhythm. At one point, she took my hand off her hip and moved it to her mouth. After sucking on my middle finger, she moved it to her ass and pushed it in. My brain immediately registered the strong likelihood of getting to fuck a woman in the ass for the second time in my life.

After a few minutes, she increased her pace and I noticed the windows fogging up. 

"We should go inside," I whispered into her ear.

"Okay, but if you take that cock out of me, then there is no chance in hell that you get to fuck my ass like you think you might get to."

Taking her challenge, I took the keys out and opened the door. Somehow, with her help probably, I managed to get out of the car and stand while I held her onto my cock. I got the car door shut and managed to remember to lock it since my wallet and her purse were on the floorboard. 

I walked with her impaling herself on my cock across the walkway. Anyone looking out their window would great a show. The exhibitionist in her took over as she began to shove her tongue down my throat. Her mouth was warmer than before, and I could faintly taste the cum that I had deposited in her mouth about fifteen minutes earlier. Finally, I got to the door, found the right key and was able to open the door.

As I walked us in, I noticed my roommate, Doug, sitting on the couch watching TV.

"Hey Doug," I said, walking across the living with her still attached to my cock.

"Hey, Mike," he said, his eyes wide open.

"Doug, meet...." I trailed off, looking her in the eyes. "I never got your name."

"Doug, I'm Anne," she said. "I'd love to stay and chit-chat, but we're a little busy. I hope you don't mind."

I did not even wait for Doug's reply as I took her into my room. I collapsed onto the bed, miraculously not letting my cock fall out of her. 

Now on top of her, I began to bang her furiously. She undid my shirt and I pulled her blouse over her head. The only thing either of us had on now was her in the heels. 

On my third time of the night, I knew that I would have plenty of stamina and I banged away at her pussy, bringing her to a couple of orgasms. Knowing that she had a listening audience, she seemed to get louder with each orgasm.

After about fifteen minutes of hardcore, raw animal fucking, we were both covered in sweat and I was still nowhere near cumming. 

"You want my cock in your fucking ass," I asked sternly after she had recovered from another orgasm.

"Yeah, fuck me in the ass," she whimpered out, still out-of-breath from her orgasm.

"Tell me you want my cock to fuck your ass," I demanded, loud enough I'm sure Doug heard me. I guess I had some voyeurism in me also.

"I want your cock in my fucking ass," she said again.

"I can't hear you. What do you want."

"I WANT YOUR FUCKING COCK TO FUCK MY LITTLE ASSHOLE," she screamed loud enough for the neighbors to probably hear also.

"Better," I replied with the same edge.

I grabbed her shoulder and forcefully turned her over to her stomach. Pressing down on the small of her back, she raised her hips slightly and I positioned my condom-covered cock at the opening of her ass.

With a little force, I easily slid passed her sphincter muscle. The ease at which I slid in told me that she had been fucked in the ass rather recently. After a few thrusts, I was halfway in her ass and began to work back and forth from there.

"You love it in the ass, don't you," I said as she screamed and moaned loudly in pain and pleasure.

"Yeah, I love it in the ass," she replied for me and everyone else listening to hear.

"Tell me how big of a slut you are," I said, picking up the pace of my thrusts into her ass, now three-quarters deep on my cock.

"I'm a big fucking slut."

"What, I can't hear you again," I said, this time slapping her ass, still red from before, as hard as I could. "Tell me how you love to pick up strangers at the bar and let them fuck your ass."

"I'm such a fucking slut....."

"Louder, I can't hear you," I interrupted her and smacked her hard on the ass again. As I smacked her, I realized I now had my entire length in her ass and my pelvis bone was smacking her ass cheeks. "I'M A FUCKING SLUT WHO LET'S STRANGERS I MEET IN A BAR FUCK MY ASSHOLE....OOOOOOHHHHHHH GOOOOOOOD, FUUCCCKKK MYYY ASSSSS....FUUUUCCKKKK IT......FUCK....FUCK....YEAH....OH SHIT, YOU FUCK MY ASS GOOD....I'M CUMMING AGAIN....YEAAAHAAHHHHHHH..........."
