 Chapter 14

It was difficult for Jenny to get a lot of work done the following morning. She couldn't stop thinking about what had happened at Michael's house last night. She was tired from the lovemaking but very satisfied. Strangely, she felt no guilt. In fact, she got that sweet little tingling between her legs every time she thought of Michael. However, it wasn't only the sex. What Michael had said at lunch had really helped her. It was all starting to make sense for her. However, she still wasn't sure if she had become perverse or was just becoming comfortable with her sexuality. Either way, it didn't bother her anymore. She had called Michael and thanked her for a wonderful evening and her sage advice. Michael said that it was her pleasure... and she meant it literally.

Jenny was gazing out her small window in a daydream when the phone rang. She yawned and picked up the phone. "Hello."

"Jenny, it's Bob."

Jenny paused, wondering who Bob was.

"Bob Davenport."

"Oh God, I'm sorry," Jenny said as her face turned red.

"Gee, I'm gone for two weeks and already you've forgotten me," he said factiously.

"Uh... no... no... I just didn't recognize your voice," Jenny said, truly embarrassed. However, a lot had happened in her life in the past two weeks. Besides, she never expected him to call her again.

"It's okay... I'll forgive you this time. I just wanted to let you know that I'm still in Europe, but I'll be home Friday evening. I was wondering if you would be interested in going out with me Saturday to a wonderful art museum that I discovered a few months ago? It has some rare paintings that I know that you would love to see."

"Uh... well," Jenny stuttered. She didn't have anything to do on Saturday but his invitation was so unexpected that she didn't know how to react.

He took her confusion as a negative. "It's okay," he said in a disappointed voice. "I'm sure you have other things to do."

"Oh no," Jenny said quickly. "It's just so sudden. Truthfully, I didn't think you would call me. I would love to go."

"I said I would call and I always keep my promises," he said with a smile in his voice. "Can you be ready by 9 A.M. Saturday?"

"Sure."

"Good, I'll pick you up. I want to catch up on how things have gone since your promotion but I have to run to a meeting. We'll talk when I see you Saturday morning."

"I'll be ready."

The phone went dead and Jenny sat there stunned, holding the receiver in her hand. She couldn't believe that he had actually called. She felt butterflies in her stomach as the reality began to set in. She was going to go out with the president of the company again. A smile came to her face and she sat back in her chair. Suddenly she squealed in excitement. Then she put her hand over her mouth, hoping that no one heard her.

Jenny had no idea what to wear for her date Saturday night. She had worried about it all day until finally she called Michael and asked her to help. She invited her down to her store to pick out a dress.

"Oh, that looks great on you," Michael said after Jenny had tried on several dresses. The dress was a simple floral print with a modestly low cut top and straps holding up the bodice. It hugged her breasts and flowed smoothly down her waist and flared at the hips. It was a lightweight material with a pleated skirt. 

Michael found her a new pocket book and they picked out a matching pair of shoes. 

When Jenny looked at the price tag, she almost choked... $650.

"Uh... Michael, this is a little too expensive for me."

"No it's not," Michael said. "Let's just say its on loan to you. Someone might see it and you can tell them where you got it."

"Michael, I can't do that."

"Model's do it all the time. You can be my model," Michael said and leaned over and kissed her quickly on the lips. 

Jenny barely slept that night. It almost felt like she was going on a first date with Bob again. She was up at five-thirty, dressed and ready to go by seven. It was a long two-hour wait after that.

When the doorbell finally rang, Jenny was relieved. She hurried to the door and opened it to find Bob's smiling face. Her heart did a little flutter. He was wearing a light blue Oxford shirt, a blue blazer, and gray slacks. He looked very handsome. 

"Hi," he said. "God you look prettier than I even remember."

"I was thinking the same thing about you," Jenny said and blushed at her own words. Then she said "Thanks."

"Ready to go?"

"Yes." Jenny didn't tell him she had been ready for two hours. "So where's the museum?" Jenny asked as they walked out of her apartment. "I've been to all of them in this area I think."

"It's in San Francisco."

Jenny stopped in her tracks. "San Francisco?" she said excitedly. "That's halfway across the country."

"I know, but we can be there in two hours. Now hurry, my jet's waiting."

Fifteen minutes later Jenny was sitting in the seat of an eight passenger Gulfstream Jet with Bob beside her. She looked out the window as the sleek and modern jet rushed down the runway. "I can't believe this," she said to herself.

Bob smiled and reached over to buckle her seat. Then he said, "You're going to love this museum."

"I'm sure I will," she answered and relaxed back into the seat.

As soon as the Jet had leveled off at cruising altitude, a hostess appeared from the back of the plane with two glasses of wine.

"Thank you Sara," Bob said to the hostess as he took one for him and the other for Jenny. "Here's to a fun day," he said and tapped his glass to Jenny's.

For the next hour, Jenny filled him in on her week at work. Obviously she left out any reference to her sexual activity. 

Bob listened with interest, asking some questions and nodding his head.

When Jenny was done, she realized that she had been talking almost constantly for the past hour. "I'm sorry... sometimes I can just go on and on."

"No problem. I love to watch you talk," he said with his handsome smile and twinkling blue eyes. "Did anyone every tell you that you have very kissable lips?"

"Uh... no," Jenny answered. Then she held her breath as he leaned over and kissed her. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When she felt his tongue on her lips, she opened her mouth and let it in. The second their tongues touched, she felt tingling between her legs. Stop it! she told herself. 

After Bob pulled away the hostess came up with two more glasses of wine. 

For the rest of the trip, Jenny and Bob talked about art and history. The only interruption was when Bob would point out some landmark that they could see from the window of the airplane.

As Bob had promised, they landed two hours later at a small airport on the outskirts of San Francisco. There was a limo waiting to pick them up, and after a short drive they arrived at the museum.

Jenny loved the museum. It was a private but well stocked with famous paintings from the Renaissance period of Europe. Some were on loan, while many others belonged to the wealthy owners of the museum (of which Bob was now one). The two of them spent several hours touring the museum before they left for lunch across the bay in Sausalito. They ate at a waterside caf‚ and then walked around the quaint town. Finally, they took a tour boat around the bay and San Quentin.

By late afternoon, Jenny was tired but at the same time excited. Her feet hurt because she didn't know they would be doing so much walking and she had worn heels. She bought a pair of cheap sandals in a novelty shop and that had helped. Other than that, it had been a wonderful day and Bob had been a perfect host... and gentleman. He touched her often but never in an inappropriate way. However, each touch made Jenny tingle in a very private place. 

"So do you have to get back or can I take you to dinner in town tonight?"

"I'm yours until the pumpkin comes to take me home," Jenny said with a bright smile, holding up her high heels like a modern-day Cinderella.

"That must mean that I'm the Prince."

"Definitely."

"I don't think I've ever been called that," he laughed. "I have an apartment downtown where you can freshen up and take a hot bath and soak your sore feet if you want. I have to meet with some business associates for an hour or two. Then we can go to dinner."

"Sounds wonderful."

The limo dropped the two of them off at a large high rise in the center of San Francisco. 

"Good afternoon Mr. Davenport," the doorman said as he held the door open for Jenny and Bob. "I didn't know you were in town."

"Just briefly Roger. I'm heading for China on Monday."

"Always good to see you," the doorman said.

"You're going to China Monday," Jenny asked with undisguised disappointment in her voice as they walked across the fancy lobby to the elevators.

"Just for a week or so. I'll be back the following Tuesday," Bob said as he pressed the elevator button.

"I don't know how you can travel so much," Jenny said.

"It gets hard sometimes. But it helps when you have your own plane."

"I guess it does."

Bob stepped onto the elevator with Jenny. He pulled a key from his pocket and placed it into a lock below the "P" button on the elevator. "The elevator takes you directly into my apartment. You should find everything you need there. I'll go to my meeting and be back in no more than two hours." Then he reached over and pressed the elevator door "open" button and held the door. With his other hand he pulled Jenny close to him. He bent forward and kissed her.

Jenny moaned and pressed her body to the sexy man. She had been waiting for this kiss all day. Her knees grew weak as the kiss continued, their tongues dueling for possession of each other's mouth. Jenny could feel Bob getting excited.

Bob pulled away and took a deep breath. I had better get going. It wouldn't be good to show up at the meeting with an erection," he said with a smile.

"Uh... no it wouldn't," Jenny said, trying to regain her composure.

"See you," Bob said and stepped off the elevator.

Jenny saw him wave as the door closed. Then the elevator started toward the penthouse. She watched the numbers until the elevator stopped at the 72nd floor. The doors opened and Jenny gasped. Suddenly she was staring out of the elevator at a giant living room with windows on three sides, overlooking the entire city. The condo must have been the tallest building in the area. She walked into the living room in a daze. She had never seen anything so pretty. The windows were floor-to-ceiling and it looked as if one could walk out over the city. The sun was sitting low in the sky and reflecting off the water of the bay, giving it a silver sheen.

Jenny took her heels off and walked over to the window almost hesitantly. While she wasn't afraid of heights, the lack of anything between her and the city gave her a feeling of vertigo. She turned around and looked behind her and saw that the apartment had a loft area with a spiral staircase to what appeared to be a bedroom. She stood at the window staring at the city for a minute or two and then walked over to the stairs leading to the loft. When she reached the top, she saw a large bedroom with king sized bed in the middle. She sat down on the bed and saw that she had the same view of the city as the one she had downstairs. A sigh came from her lips and she shook her head to make sure that she wasn't dreaming.

After a bit of searching Jenny found the bathroom. It also had floor-to-ceiling windows, looking over the city. It was as luxurious as the rest of the apartment with a giant whirlpool tub and a large glassed-in shower. She ran the water and added some bubble bath. She found that there was a bottle of chilled wine already in the bathroom. She realized that everything had been planned. It was apparent that Bob left nothing to chance.

A few minutes later Jenny was lying back in the warm water, still wondering if she were dreaming. When she closed her eyes, she suddenly had a vision of a movie... "Pretty Woman." She almost laughed out loud. If she were a hooker it would be perfect. She wondered facetiously if Bob were going to offer her any money. Then she remembered that he was already paying her salary. 

Chapter 15

After her long bath, Jenny sat down on the sofa in a white terry cloth bathrobe to watch the lights of the city twinkle on. Before she knew it, she had fallen asleep. It was some time later when she heard the elevator. She wasn't sure how long she had been asleep and she awoke feeling disoriented. Suddenly, the doors opened. She stood up quickly and turned around to see Bob on the elevator... her face turned red with embarrassment.

"Hi," he said. "Looks like you got comfortable."

There was no since in denying it. "Sorry, I must have fallen asleep."

"I do it all the time here. It's so relaxing to watch the sun go down and the city lights come on. Unfortunately, half the time I doze off and miss them."

"I'm afraid that's what I did," Jenny said looking out at the now fully lit city. She turned back to Bob. "How did your meeting go?"

"Not as well as I had hoped. But I'm glad it's over." 

Bob appeared tired to Jenny. "Can I get you a drink?" Jenny asked.

"That would be great," he said as he sat down on the sofa with a relaxing sigh. "A whiskey and water will do."

"I can fix that," Jenny answered with a smile as she walked over to the bar.

Bob put his head back and closed his eyes.

When Jenny came back, she saw that he had dozed off. She wasn't sure if she should wake him. Instead, she sat the drink down and went into the bathroom and began to run another tub of water. When she came back out she saw that Bob had awaken and was staring out at the city.

"I started a bath for you if you're interested."

"Sounds wonderful. Join me for a minute," he said, patting the sofa beside him.

Jenny sat down, close to Bob. "You look tired," she said. 

"Jet lag I guess. It takes a few days to recover from a long trip. And, it gets harder as you get old."

Jenny looked at his face and said, "You're no old."

"Thanks, but sometimes I feel like I'm a hundred. I guess it's all the travel."

"Then why do you do it so much?"

"It makes me forget..." Bob said before he could stop himself. Then he glanced away from Jenny and out the window with a sad look.

Jenny suddenly knew that he was talking about his deceased wife. She wasn't sure she should discuss the topic but before she could stop herself she said, "You had a good marriage then?"

"The best," he said without looking at her. Then he looked back at Jenny and said, "But that's a long time ago." 

It was obvious to Jenny that he didn't want to talk about it. 

He reached out and pulled her to him and their lips met.

Jenny moaned and melted into him, her arms going around his neck. As the kisses grew more passionate, Jenny felt Bob's hand at the opening of her robe. She moved back to give him access. A gasp escaped her lips when his hand slipped inside and cupped her large breast. 

Bob moaned as well as he began to knead her soft flesh. His fingers found her nipple and he began to pinch it.

Jenny pulled her lips from him and gasped, "Oh God!!!"

The older man began to kiss down her neck as he pushed her robe open, exposing one breast. He looked at her two large orbs and whispered "Beautiful." His head dropped and his mouth opened. "Mmm," he moaned when his lips found the nipple. 

Jenny was doing everything she could to keep her hips still... but it was impossible. Soon she had spread her legs, letting Bob's wandering hand find the soft, warm skin inside her thighs. Suddenly Jenny remembered that she had the bathtub water running. "Oh goodness!" she exclaimed and pulled herself from Bob.

He looked at her in shock... as if he had gone too far.

"The bathtub," she gasped and rushed into the bathroom. Fortunately the tub was very large and the water was not over the top yet. She turned off the tap and hurried back to Bob.

Bob had a smile on his face when he saw Jenny's embarrassed look. "We didn't flood the flat downstairs did we?"

"No, but almost." Relieved, but still excited, Jenny reached her hand out to Bob and said, "Now, we don't want the water to get cold. Stand up."

Bob smiled curiously but did as Jenny asked. 

Jenny pushed Bob's sports jacket from his shoulders and then began to unbutton his shirt. She tried to steady her fingers as she opened his shirt all the way down the front and then pulled it from his slacks. "Very nice," she said when she saw his chest. He had a mat of dark hair across his chest. Jenny didn't normally like hairy men but he had just enough to make him look very sexy. She bent forward and gently kissed his chest before working her lips to his nipple. As she did she reached down and began to unbuckle his pants. When she had the snap at his waist opened, she moved down, kneeling in front of him.

Bob already had an erection and it was tenting his pants.

Jenny's eyes were filled with lust as she pulled his zipper down and then pulled his pants to his ankles. "Mmm," she whispered when she saw the substantial bulge in his shorts. Slowly, teasing herself as much as him, she pulled the elastic of his shorts away from his waist and began to move them down. The shorts clung to the head of his penis, pulling it down with the shorts. Then the long shaft suddenly sprang free, flying up to slap his stomach.

Jenny gasped again. His penis was quite large, larger than any of her lovers yet. However, the most interesting thing was that he was uncircumcised. She had never seen an uncircumcised penis.

Bob noticed her surprised look and said, "I was born in Europe and they don't routinely circumcise babies. It's medically unnecessary and only done in the US because it makes money for doctors."

Jenny didn't know any of that but more importantly she didn't care... she was fascinated with his penis. The head was large but covered with a sheath of skin. She wrapped her trembling hand around the shaft and pulled the skin down. A giggle escaped her lips when the large, purple head was revealed. As if hypnotized she pulled his shaft down close to her face. She moved her hand up and down and watched in as the skin covered and then uncovered the large head. Then she pulled the skin down and tight until it was stretched as far as it could go. 

"Ohhhh!!!" Bob gasped as she circled the super-sensitive head with her tongue. 

Then Jenny pumped the shaft several times again and watched a large bubble of clear juice trickle from the slit in the head. She licked the bubble off the tip and swallowed it. She had learned to love the almost sweet pre-cum juice that came from an excited penis. She had also learned that pre-cum only appeared when a man was truly excited. A tremor of excitement ran through her and she pumped the shaft again with the same results. Then, unable to wait any longer, she opened her mouth and took the swollen head inside. It filled her mouth and stretched her lips wide. 

Bob's hips began to move back and forth, forcing more of his long shaft into her mouth.

When Bob's hands reached for Jenny's head she pulled away. With a naughty smile she looked up at him and said, "You're bath is getting cold." Then she reached down and quickly pulled his shoes and socks off and then his pants. When she stood back up, Bob was standing in front of her entirely naked. She looked at the window and gasped. Then she realized that they were in the tallest building around, so no one could see them. "This is a wonderful apartment for exhibitionists," she laughed.

"Would you like to put on a show?" Bob said as he pulled Jenny close.

"Maybe later." She didn't relinquish her grasp on his penis as their lips came together. Then she pulled away and led the older man by his long penis into the bathroom.

The tub was filled to almost overflow with water and bubbles.
