 I had one of those dreams last night. You know, where you have sex with someone and it gets you all horny and needy, but then you can't remember the details in the morning. I knew that I had fucked someone in my dreams, but I couldn't remember. But I was worked up by morning. My cock was throbbing. I must have been fucking against the mattress because I felt like it was going to explode.

Ok, here's the stuff about me, so we can get it out of the way. 47, 6-2, 180, blue eyes, graying hair, nice smile. I work out and stay in shape, women give me a second look, but I have never done anything about it. Married to my childhood sweetheart, two grown kids, happy in work and home. The perfect life. 

But today was going to be a tough one. I had meetings all day and my balls were aching. I needed to cum in the worst way, and I was going to have no time to take care of it before bed tonight. And Eleanor and I wouldn't have sex tonight because, well, it's Tuesday and we don't have sex on Tuesdays.

Compounding the problem is that I'm going to be in a couple of meetings with some very good looking women, and I don't know that I'll be able to focus on work. Just thinking about those legs and those boobs has me going again. Shit. Focus, man, focus.

I love my work and I have lots of people counting on me for their livelihood, so I'm going to stay on top of my game. But there's also going to be this vague ache in my balls until I can take care of it. Damn, I wish I could figure out who the woman was in that dream. That would make it easier. It wasn't my wife or any of my family. It wasn't anyone at work, or at least no one that I could remember. I was sure it was a woman, though. At least I knew that.

Once I got moving, though, the day went well. It became just like a lot of other days. Lots of meetings, money made, money spent. Hopefully we made more than we spent, but you never know. 

And yes, those women were just as beautiful as I remembered. And one of them was wearing a blouse that showed me a lot of cleavage. She should have sold advertising because all the men were looking. 

On the drive home, I was still thinking about her boobs and trying to imagine how they would feel in my hands. The ache started all over again, and I gave my cock and balls a sympathetic squeeze. Maybe I could beg for a hand job tonight. I'm not above begging at this point.

Nearly home, and my phone rang. It was Eleanor. "Honey, I'm so sorry but Mom's sick and I need to go over there. I am going to spend the night if you don't mind. She sounds terrible."

Well, at least I could jack off in peace. "That's fine. Is everything all right? Do you need me to go with you?"

She said, "It's fine, she just some sort of stomach thing and needs some tender care. Oh, speaking of tender care, I asked Amy to come over and make dinner. Ed is out of town again and she wanted to help. I hope you don't mind."

And all of a sudden, it hit me. It was Amy in my dreams. But Amy is my wife's best friend, and she has always been like family to us. Still, I couldn't help but think about how hot she was in my dream. I was getting hard already, just thinking about it all over again. 

I had dreamt of Amy in a nice, tight pair of shorts and a blouse that was too small for her round, full breasts. But mostly I remember grabbing her and pulling her for a hot kiss, then cut to us fucking, her on top, screaming my name, my cock so big inside her, until she came, hard and loud. And then there was something about a pickup truck and a dragon, but I'm not sure how that fits in. 

But now I had that same picture in my mind, Amy in tight yellow shorts that were shorter than I had ever seen her wear, so short that her ass cheeks were showing. And that white shirt, filled with those beautiful, creamy tits. I can almost feel them in my hands right now. Man, I better get calmed down. If she's already at the house, she would see more of me than she imagined. 

Ok, thinking of baseball now. And a nice, cold beer. Ah. I need to meet my son for a game sometime. That would be fun. Yeah.

Pull into the garage, and Eleanor's car is not there, which makes sense. Amy's car is in the driveway, though, and my thoughts start to stir again. No, you have to calm down. You cannot go there again. It was just a dream. Get control of yourself. It has not basis in reality.

Ok, deep breath, then into the house. I come in the back way, to the kitchen, and I see Amy there, at the stove, stirring a pan of some sauce, probably spaghetti. The good news is that she's not wearing yellow shorts and a white blouse. No, she's wearing tight black leggings and a short gray t-shirt. Hair pulled back, she must have just come from working out.

Her body is sleek. Well, she's a woman in her mid-40s so, you know. But she has womanly curves that perfectly fit her. Nice high tits, a gentle round ass and hips that aren't too big or too small. I shake my head. Get it together, boy.

She turns and sees me. "Oh, hey, John, you're just in time. Dinner will on the table in just a few minutes, so if you'd like to change into something more comfortable, we can go ahead and eat, ok?" She goes back to checking the sauce.

I nod, dumbly, words failing me as I stand there. She looks back at me again and says, "Are you ok? Eleanor told you that I was coming, right? I don't want to be in the way if you would rather eat alone."

I shake the cobwebs from my head again, and finally blurt out, "Hey, Amy. No, Eleanor told me that you would be cooking for me. There's no sense in the two of us eating alone, and we never really get to talk much, just you and me. I'd love the company. I'll be right back.", and I try to hold my backpack in front of my pants so she won't see what's happening in there.

In our bedroom, I quickly change into shorts and a t-shirt, and I'm back out to the kitchen where Amy has set the breakfast table, and was pouring wine into glasses. She said, "I hope you don't mind, but I thought that wine would be a nice complement to the pasta. You do like pasta, right?" She gave me a quick smile and put the second wine glass down at my plate. 

The food looked and smelled amazing. It was not spaghetti but some other kind of noodle, covered with a nice red meaty sauce. In the middle of the table there was a basket of hot bread that was steaming hot. I suddenly realized how hungry I was, and I went over to sit and we started eating. "Wow. I can't believe you went to all this trouble for me. Thank you, Amy, you didn't have to do all of this."

I really do love my wife, and she's a great wife, but she cannot cook. Nothing like this, at least. There was a fucking salad. A salad! Eleanor's idea of a big meal is two helpings of tuna casserole. Yeah, we eat out a lot. 

Amy's dinner was even more delicious than I imagined. The sauce was rich and it tasted so good. And we ate and we drank and talked and laughed and just enjoyed the evening. I had almost forgotten the dream when suddenly, in quick succession, Amy spilled her wine onto her shirt and lap. She squealed, jumped up and tried to dab it with her napkin. I stood up as well and, without thinking, took my napkin and starting wiping the front of her shirt. 

And I swear that it was completely innocent. I swear that I was trying to help. Until I realized that I was dabbing her shirt on her chest, and with every movement I could feel those luscious tits, resisting slightly as I dabbed. They felt so fucking good. 

And when I realized what I was doing, Amy did too. I pulled my hand back like she was on fire. "Shit! Fuck! I am so sorry! I was just trying to help, I swear! Oh God, Amy, I am so sorry!"

Amy laughed and said, "Relax, John, I know you didn't mean to grab my boobs. It's fine, we're both grown ups. Besides, Eleanor's boobs are much bigger than mine. You probably didn't even notice mine." She gave me a smile and I knew everything was ok. 

But then I said the dumbest thing I could ever say. "No, Amy, your tits are great. They felt so good. Eleanor is big but yours are, well," And I stood there, shocked at what I was saying. I'm really a fucking idiot sometimes. 

She laughed again. "Well, I'm glad you liked them. At least someone is enjoying them." And she went off to the kitchen. 

I grabbed the dishes and took a pile back to the sink to wash. Amy said, "Thank you, John. Do you mind loading the dishwasher? I want to go find a shirt of Eleanor's to change into so that I can toss these in the wash." I nodded, dumbly, and off she went, back to the bedroom to find something clean. 

I loaded the dishwasher and got it started. It's a little bit loud and I didn't hear Amy come back until she said, "That's better. Let me just go toss these in the washer. I'll be right back." And when I turned to see her, I saw this gorgeous, radiant woman walking away from me, wearing one of my t-shirts. And it looked like she had nothing else on. 

I'm pretty tall, as I said, and Amy's petite. She's probably 5-1 or 5-2, no more than that. I tease her about it, and she comes right back at me with something snide. 

But in this moment, I wished that I didn't wear such a big fucking t-shirt. I watched her ass sway from side to side, covered almost to mid-thigh with my white fucking t-shirt. God, it was even better than my dream. I could have cum in my pants right then and there. 

And then I could hear her in the laundry room, messing with dials and opening and closing machines. She called out, "Hey, it's early, do you want to watch a movie or something?"

I called back. "Sure, I'll go get Netflix going." I wanted, needed to get sat down and get my crotch covered. I was pointing straight out, and close to leaking through my shorts. 

I sat down on the couch, grabbed a pillow and got it strategically placed, then I grabbed the remotes and started looking for a movie. I knew that I wouldn't be concentrating on the show, so I decided to pick something that she might like. 

I heard her coming, and I turned to watch her come in. Fuck, she was gorgeous. How had I not noticed this before? That t-shirt was concealing anything, and I watched her tits bounce and sway as she came in, her nipples starting to poke out. I thought I could see her areola as well, but that was just my imagination, I'm sure. 

What I didn't see at all was panty lines. 

When she got in, I said, "Hey, before you sit down, are you sure you don't want something else to wear? Could you not find anything of Eleanor's?" 

She came and sat on the couch, sort of at the other end and sort of turned towards me. She smiled and said, "No, I'm fine. I'm still warm from that hot kitchen, so I'll be fine. Thank you, though." 

I couldn't look her in the eyes because my laser focus was on the perfect tits, swaying as she moved, breathed, laughed, anything. She knew I was staring, I knew, but I could not help it. It was just too much of a temptation. 

After a little bit of silence, she whispered, "Besides, I thought you might like to see more of me since you've already felt me up." 

Well, my jaw dropped. I sat there, too stunned to say anything. And she let out a roaring laugh, leaned over and slapped my arm and said, "I'm never going to let you live that down. That was the funniest thing you've ever done!"

She moved back to her spot on the couch. I laughed, nervously, feeling my cock throbbing with every breath, watching her tits jiggle and wiggle, and I tried to concentrate on getting a movie started. 

I said, "I'm thinking light comedy, ok?" And she said, "Sure, anything is fine. Say, should I make some popcorn? Do you want some wine? I might still have some between my boobs! Do you want to check?" She laughed again, and I tried to focus. 

I said no to popcorn and found a movie, and we started watching. It wasn't great, honestly, but it was noise and something to distract me. 

After about 10 minutes, Amy said, "Hey, hand me that pillow. I need something behind my back.", and before I could say anything, she reached over and pulled the pillow off of my lap. 

My cock had softened but still wasn't in hiding, and it was really obvious that I was aroused. She stared. Now it was her turn to be speechless. I said, "Amy, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, it just, well, you know. First I grabbed you, and then you come out looking so hot. And then, of course, there was the dream..." Shit. 

She stopped staring and said, "Dream? You didn't say anything about a dream. What does that mean, anyway?" 

I stammered and tried to explain, but it wasn't working. "Oh, well, you know, I had a dream last night and it was pretty, you know, hot, and well, you were in it. I'm so sorry, this is just a mess that I'm making."

Amy was quiet for a while, just looking at me, and then said, "Was I hot? Did we have sex, or did you just imagine me naked, or what?" 

My cock started stiffening again, just from hearing her say "sex". I said, "Well, yeah, we had sex and yeah you were hot, and, well, yeah. Listen, I'm really sorry. I'll just stay over here and let's just finish the movie."

She said, "Alright, let's just finish the movie."

And we went back to watching. Well, it was on but I'm not sure that either of us was really paying attention. I could tell that she wanted to know more but I wasn't about to say anything else about it.

It was only five minutes later that she said, "You know, it's not really fair. You haven't been very fair, John. I'm a little hurt by that."\

I paused the movie. "What do you mean by that? I haven't done anything!"

And she moved to me, almost crawling towards me on the couch. "You got to feel my boobs, but I didn't get to feel you. That's not very fair." And she reached into my lap and put her hand on my cock. 

I was too stunned to move. "Amy!" I moved back into the corner of the couch, trying to put distance between us. She kept her hand right on my cock, curling around it as it already started to stiffen once more. 

"Wow, you're not even hard yet, but you feel huge. How big is that thing anyway?" She squeezed it gently through my shorts. I just sat there. I should have pushed her away, but I was too stunned to move. 

She purred, "You feel so much bigger than Ed. Wow, Eleanor is a lucky girl." And then she let go of me, and I tried to calm down. 

But she didn't move back. No, she stayed right there, and just looked at me. I could smell her shampoo, flowery. Wonderful. God, this is such a mess.

But Amy just sat there, turned to me, looking at me but not focused. Her mind was somewhere else. She finally said, "Oh fuck it.", and she reached down and pulled her shirt off.

Yep, she was naked alright. And she was more delicious than I had ever dreamed. Her tits were full and round with small red nipples. Her stomach was flat, and I could see that she had no pubic hair. No tan lines either. 

As if this night couldn't get any stranger, here was my dream, right in front of me, and I could do whatever I wanted. 

She leaned in again, put her hand back in my crotch and moved to kiss me. It was soft and sweet and I was caught. I moved towards her and she straddled my lap, her tits right in front of me. Then she closed the gap again and kissed me, hard, her tongue finding its way in, her tits smashed against me. I reached for one, and I put my other hand around her and tried to pull her even closer. I wanted to grind my cock into her and let her know what she had really done. 

We kissed for a minute or two, and then she pulled back, gasping for breath and reaching for my shirt, trying to pull it over my head. I said, "Don't worry about that.", and I grabbed her and picked her up in my arms, standing at the same time so that I could take her to bed. 

"Oh, Johnny, I've wanted you for so long. You have no idea how much I wanted you." In the bedroom, I moved to the bed, laid her on it and then stood up to take off my clothes while she moved back to make room for me. My clothes were off in record time, and she groaned when I pulled off my boxers and revealed my stiff, 7 inch cock that was already dripping in anticipation. 

I crawled onto the bed towards her, and she grabbed me and pulled me down, kissing me deeply. "Fuck me, Johnny, I need to feel you inside me. Don't tease me, just fuck me."

She laid back and opened her legs, her pussy thick and wet, opening for me. She held her arms out to me again, and I moved between her legs, positioning myself above her to enter her. 

My cock moved right into position, and I moved my hips forward and slid into her, all the way in one stroke. She gasped and groaned. "Oh, fuck. Oh you are so fucking big." But I moved back out again, holding my cock just above her pussy. I wanted this to last as long as it could. 

But then I slid back into her again, and she groaned. I was enveloped in her hot tight cave, being squeezed and drawn forward. But I pulled out again and then slid in again, fully, deeply.

She groaned again and said, "Oh fuck Johnny, you feel so good. Come on, give it to me." 

And then I slid inside again, holding it there, my hips against hers, my bone grinding against her clit. I held my torso above her so that I wasn't putting all of my weight on her. As I held there, deep inside her, I looked down at this woman and drank in the vision. Her breasts were just as beautiful as I had imagined, sitting high on her chest. God, I wanted to suck on those tits so bad, but I needed to fuck. I have to fuck. 

And then I started my assault on her pussy. Slowly, teasingly slow strokes, holding it a couple of seconds when I was inside, then sliding away again, only the head inside. She wasn't a vocal partner, but she made it very clear that she was enjoying it. 

I sped up a little, a little harder, a little faster, a little grind against her clit with every thrust. She was moaning hard now, and I thought she might be close to cumming. Her pussy was squeezing me and she was so wet that I could feel it on my balls.

And then she came, a loud grunt, "Oh, yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.", and her pussy spasmed on my cock. I rode her through it, trying to make it last. When she calmed down a little bit, I moved my lips to hers and she kissed me, trying to devour me. 

I kept pumping away, faster now. I had held on long enough, and I needed some satisfaction. So I fucked her harder and harder. She groaned again and I felt her cum a couple of more times. She looked like she couldn't handle much more, so I focused on making myself cum. Hard fast strokes, pushing my cock head against her so that it increased the sensations. I could feel it coming from deep inside me, and I knew it was going to be an explosion. I was growing even larger, even harder. 

And then I came. An explosion of cum deep inside her womb. My seed planted into her, finding its way to heaven. I shot 3 or 4 big squirts, and then it started to slow down, but I kept thrusting slowly to try and make it last as long as I could. 

Oh fuck. I've never, and I mean never, cum so hard in my life. I collapsed on to her and then wrapped my arms around her and rolled over so that she was on top of me. She couldn't have weighed more than 130 pounds, tops. 

She leaned in and I kissed her this time, devouring her. I nibbled on her lips and sucked her tongue into my mouth. She pushed up and said, "If you keep that up, you'll be starting Round Two pretty soon." 

I took her tit in my hand and brought it to my lips, kissing it gently and grazing my tongue over the nipple. "I'm ok with that."

She groaned and sat up, my cock shrinking but still inside her. "That was absolutely amazing. I had no idea that this would ever happen. You are everything I fantasized. God, that was hot. I'm so glad you went after my tits tonight. That was a lucky break."

Just then, my phone rang. It was Eleanor. Fuck. 

Amy rolled off of me and went into the bathroom. I answered, trying to calm my voice. "Eleanor, how is your mother? Is everything ok?"
