 Chapter 18

When Jenny arrived at work the following morning she made a quick phone call to Sean. She found him more than eager to go out with she and Erica. He indicated that Jack would be happy to escort Erica. 

Jenny sighed and sat back in her chair. It was going to be an interesting evening.



"You had better not bend over in that skirt," Jenny said when the saw the tiny mini-skirt that Erica was wearing. 

They were going to meet Sean and Jack at eight at the club. 

"Why not? Are you afraid someone will see my panties?" Erica said. Before Jenny could respond, she added, "Well, don't worry, I'm not wearing any." She laughed loudly. For a top, she had on a blouse, covered by a denim jacket. Under her blouse, she didn't have a bra on and if she took off her jacket, the silver nipple ring could be plainly seen. Her hair was nicely styled and her makeup perfect. 

"I can't believe how much you've changed," Jenny exclaimed as she looked at her pretty friend. She was never ugly... but now she was gorgeous.

"You've changed quite a bit too."

"For the better I hope," Jenny said, twirling around and letting Erica see her outfit. 

"Very nice... and sexy," Erica smiled. 

Jenny was wearing a pleated skirt that was modestly short and a tank top with a blouse over it. She was wearing panties... although very tiny thongs. However, she too had forgone a bra since the tank top supported her and she had covered it with the blouse.

"Ready to go?" Jenny asked.

"More than ready," Erica said as Jenny led her out the door. "I'm taking you're word that Jack is a good fuck."

"It depends on what you mean by a 'good fuck'. Actually, I've never been with just him... as you know," she said with a smile.

"Oh that's right, you did them both at the same time," Erica said cryptically. 

Although she knew that Erica was joking, Jenny felt a little twinge of embarrassment.

They walked outside and hailed a cab to take them to the club. When they arrived, Sean and Jack were waiting at the door. Jenny did the introductions and they went inside. 

The club was already crowded and the band was playing. The four of them found a table in the loft and ordered drinks. It didn't take long for Sean and Jack to get the two ladies onto the dance floor. 

It was some time later when they came back to the table. 

Jenny had been watching Erica and Jack's interaction and it appeared that they were getting along very well. They were physically a good match (Jack's 5' 9" frame against Erica's 5' 1"), and they seemed to be compatible from a personality standpoint. They had danced every dance together and appeared to be whispering to each other at times.

As the evening wore on and the alcohol flowed, the atmosphere seemed to become more intimate. Jenny saw Jack's hand disappear under the table several times. He seemed to be taking even more liberties on the dance floor. Sean had also become more attentive while at the table. Jenny had to remove his hand from her breast and from between her legs on several occasions, but not because she didn't like it. On the contrary, her panties were soaked. It was just that she was a little embarrassed to be so intimate in front of Erica.

However, Erica didn't appear to have the same reservations. She was openly kissing Jack and allowing his hands to take all the liberties that he desired.

It wasn't long before Jack suggested that they go back to their place. 

Jenny agreed but she was a little concerned about what the guys had planned. She knew that they had separate bedrooms so they could pair off in private if it went that far. However, after her weekend with Bob, she had a bit of reluctance at being with another man. She was certain that Bob wasn't idle and he seemed to be okay with her dating others. Still, she had always been a one-man woman and in her few relationships, she had been exclusive with the one she was dating. While she knew that many women, and men, juggled multiple relationships, it was new to her and created no small amount of emotional turmoil.  

Before they left the club, Jenny and Erica went to the ladies room to fix their makeup.

"So you and Jack seem to be getting along well," Jenny stated as stood next to Erica as they stood in front of the mirror.

Erica smiled and her eyes filled with lust. "He's a winner. Just what the doctor ordered, I think." 

"Should I invite Sean back to my place so the two of you can have their apartment?"

"Not necessary. Jack told me that they have separate bedrooms, so it shouldn't be a problem.  Besides, I would rather we stay together if it's okay with you?"

"That's fine," Jenny said. 

When the two ladies returned to the table, the four of them left the club. A few minutes later they were sitting in Sean and Jack's apartment. Jenny was on a loveseat and Erica was on the sofa. The guys were fixing drinks. 

"So what do we do now, play spin the bottle?" Sean asked with a laugh as he and Jack returned with drinks in their hands and sat beside the ladies.

"I don't think you guys need that to get us to kiss you," Erica said and leaned toward Jack. A second later their lips were locked together in a passionate kiss.

Sean pulled Jenny into his arms and kissed her. 

Jenny moaned and squeezed her legs together. She could feel that her sex lips were already swollen. When Sean's hand slipped inside her blouse to cup her covered breast, she opened her eyes to glance at Jack and Erica. They weren't paying attention to them. Jack had Erica pressed to the back of the love seat and his hand was under her skirt. 

Jenny gasped as she saw her friend spread her legs, allowing Jack's hand free access to her pussy. At the same time, Sean slipped his hand between her legs. 

Soon the room was ripe with passion and the moans of all four of them. 

When Jenny felt Sean reach under her skirt to pull her panties down, she automatically lifted up. Again, she looked over and saw that Jack and Erica were not paying attention. Jack now had Erica's blouse open and was sucking on her breast.  Jenny's eyes hooded over in passion as she secretly watched the lovers across from her. She spread her legs, allowing Sean's finger to slip into her very wet hole. Her eyes had to close as pleasure coursed through her.

Erica reached for the bulge in Jack's pants and wrapped her hand around it. "Mmmm," she moaned when she felt his thick penis under his slacks. With experienced fingers she reached down and quickly opened the zipper. Then, as she continued to kiss him, she reached inside and pulled his hard shaft out. She pried her lips from his and gasped as she saw the fat penis in her fist. Slowly she lowered her head, holding his penis up as her mouth opened.

"Ohhhh!" Jack gasped.

The moan from across the room made Jenny open her eyes again. When she did, she joined Jack's gasp. She saw Erica's lips stretched wide and to take half his penis into her mouth. Although she felt guilty, she watched as her friend moved her head down until his entire shaft had disappeared down her throat. At that moment, she realized that her friend had another surprise for her... she could deep throat.  Jenny watched in fascination as Erica moved up, freeing the now saliva wet penis. When she got to the head, she held the shaft tight and sucked. Then she took him deep again. She kept this up for some time before beginning to bob her head up and down more rapidly. Jenny felt like she could climax just from watching the two lovers on the sofa across from her. She had never seen anything so exciting. However, she had never actually witnessed sex before. 

Jenny barely noticed that Sean had pulled her top up. However, she gasped when he started to suck her nipple. She still continued to stare over his head at her friend and Jack. While it felt wrong to be watching, she found that she couldn't pull her eyes away. Her excitement was growing rapidly and when Sean began to kiss down her stomach, she didn't stop him. A second later, he had gotten to his knees and was pushing her skirt up. He began to kiss her thighs, pushing them further apart as he went. A moan escaped her lips when he lifted her thighs to his shoulders. "Oh Jesus," she cried when his mouth covered her swollen sex.

The gasp made Erica look up from her sucking. She smiled as she caught Jenny's eyes. Then she stood up and pushed Jack back on the loveseat. With a glance over her shoulder at Jenny, she pulled her tiny skirt up and straddled Jack. Then she reached behind her and found his wet and throbbing tool. Her eyes held Jenny's stare as she centered the swollen head between her lips. "Ahhhh!!!" she gasped as the head pierced her vagina. 

Jenny almost climaxed at the combination of the site of her friend taking Jack's penis into her and Sean's tongue on her clit. She grabbed his head and pulled it to her, fighting to keep her eyes open. She watched as Erica began to bounce up and down, her head thrown back in pleasure. Jenny couldn't believe that she was actually watching someone having sex. In spite the feeling that she was intruding on a very intimate act, it was fascinating. It was a bit embarrassing to be watching but then she figured that if Erica wanted to put on a show, she would enjoy it.

After a few minutes, Erica turned around with her back to Jack. Slowly she raised her skirt, exposing her swollen sex and the silver ring above her clit. She closed her eyes as she slipped his penis into her. When she had him all the way inside her, she lifted her legs until her feet were resting on his knees. Her diminutive size made it easy for her to sit on Jack's lap. His fat penis kept her from falling to the side like an anchor. She began to lift herself with her legs, slowly letting the shaft slip out. She plunged back down and moaned. Then she did it again and again until she was bouncing up and down freely. 

Jenny saw Erica looking at her and a wave of voyeuristic excitement rushed through her. She pulled Sean's mouth from her sex and whispered loud enough for Erica to hear "Fuck me." 

Sean rushed to comply. He quickly stripped off his shirt and pants and knelt in front of her. A smile crossed his lips as he glanced back over his shoulder at Jack and Erica. Then he turned back and reached for his throbbing penis. He lifted Jenny's legs to his shoulder and moved forward until the tip of his penis was at her waiting hole.

"Ahhhheeee!!!" Jenny screamed as Sean's penis slipped deep into her.

When she heard Jenny's scream, Erica stopped her movement for a second. She could plainly see Sean's strong and bare ass moving up and down. A moan of excitement escaped her lips and she began to move faster on her lover.  

Now the room was filled with the cries of pleasure and the grunts of the two couples. Wet slapping sounds echoed from the walls of the apartment.  

It seemed that the two women were in a race to see who would climax first. Erica won. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she gasped as her body convulsed in orgasm. 

Jack wasn't far behind and screamed that he was cumming. 

Jenny's eyes could barely focus as her own climax consumed her. She felt Sean's penis expand in her hole and began to fill her with his cream.

As if planned, both women were receiving the ejaculations of their lovers at the same moment. 



It was almost one A.M. when Jenny and Erica called a cab to take them home. Both Jack and Sean wanted them to stay the night. However, Jenny turned them down. It somehow seemed too intimate to sleep with their casual sex partners. She felt that that was something she could reserve for Bob. Fortunately Erica didn't want to stay the night either. The consolation to the guys for the ladies not sleeping over was that they let them fuck them again. This time they lay on the floor, Erica and Jenny side by side with their hips touching, while the two men fucked them. The second round lasted quite a bit longer than the first. Sometimes during the coupling, Erica and Jenny began kissing each other. That brought on the guy's climax soon afterward. 

As the two satisfied women rode home in the taxi, they leaned against each other in exhaustion.

"Well, was it a good fuck?" Jenny whispered with a smile.

"Yes, I'm going to be satisfied for a week..." Erica answered and stopped. "Well, for a day or two anyway."

Jenny laughed and hugged her friend. "They're good guys... not too bright but good in the sack. I kind of feel bad about having sex and then just leaving," she said and looked at Erica.

"Me too," Erica responded factiously.

They burst out laughing.

"It's great to be a liberated lady, isn't it?" Jenny added rhetorically through fits of laughter.   

They paid the cab and walked up the three flights of steps to Jenny's place.

"I wish I'd worn panties," Erica said as they reached Jenny's floor.

"Why?" Jenny said but then realized that Erica was talking about the fact Jack's sperm was leaking out of her. The guys had cum inside them twice each and the quantity of sperm seemed to indicate that they had been building up their load for a week. "You can get in the shower first," Jenny answered as she opened the door to her apartment.

"I was thinking of a better way to clean up," Erica said and grabbed Jenny's hand.

Jenny resisted for a second, wondering what Erica had in mind. Suddenly it dawned on her. With a smile she followed her friend into the bedroom.

They didn't get to sleep until well after three in the morning.

Chapter 19

Jenny was very tired when she arrived at work the following morning. She sat at her desk with her second cup of coffee, gazing out the window pensively. She had barely had three hours of sleep. Additionally, she had conflicting emotions. It still nagged her that she was somehow being unfaithful to Bob. No matter how many times she told herself that he seemed to be okay with it, she still felt guilty. However, on the other hand, she felt very satisfied sexually. The liaison with the boys and then Erica seemed to satisfy her almost constantly raging hormones... at least for a little while. 

The ringing of her phone startled Jenny out of her daydream. She saw from the display that it was Tom. It took her a minute to decide to answer it because she wasn't sure that the call was going to be about business. She wasn't in the mood for what she figured he had in mind.

"Hi Tom," she said.

"Uh... Jenny, can you come to my office for a moment... uh I have something I need you to do."

Jenny sighed, almost telling him no. But he was her boss. "All right, I'll be over in a minute," she said.

When Jenny entered his office, Tom was on the telephone. She walked over and stood on his side of the desk. Then, without a word, she squatted and reached for his pants.

Tom's eyes opened wide in shock. He stuttered for a moment to whomever he was talking too but quickly regained his composure. A smile came to his lips as Jenny pulled his zipper down.

Jenny reached into Tom's pants and found his still soft penis. As she wrapped her hand around it and pulled it out, it began to grow. A second later it was standing tall. In spite of last night, Jenny felt a chill of excitement rush through her as she began to pump her fist up and down. She watched as the head pulsed and began to leak his juice. 

Tom began to squirm in his seat as Jenny's fist moved up and down his shaft. It was obvious that he was having a difficult time continuing his conversation.

Jenny smiled at his discomfort and moved her fist faster. From Tom's movements, she knew that if she continued this that he would climax. A giggle escaped her lips at the thought. But then she realized that he would mess up his slacks if she masturbated him. Quickly she stood up and stripped off her thong panties. Squatting again, she draped the wet crotch over the head of Tom's penis and began to stroke him again.

Tom's eyes opened wide and he suppressed a moan when the wet and soft gusset of her panties covered his swollen penis head. His hips began to move up and down in time with Jenny's hand. He put his hand over the telephone, leaned his head back and moaned.

Suddenly Jenny saw the gusset of her panties growing dark and she could feel his sperm shooting up the shaft. She suppressed a giggle as she stroked him rapidly, pumping his juice into her panties. A few seconds later, his penis began to wilt in her hand. Jenny squeezed his penis, milking out the last drops into her panties. Then she stood up and tossed the panties onto her boss's desk. With a smile, she walked out of his office.



When Jenny got back to her office, there was a message from Erica saying that Jack had called and wanted to go out tonight. She wanted to know if it was okay with her. She smiled and thought that those two had a little more in common than she thought. However, maybe it was just the sex.

A second later her phone rang.

"Jenny Crawford," she said.

"Jenny, its Bob."

Her face lit up. "Hi Bob," she answered with a bright smile. "Are you back in town?"

"No. I just wanted to call and say hi."

"That's sweet. Thank you."

"I've missed you," he said with sincerity in his voice.

"I've missed you too," Jenny answered.

"Listen, I'll be coming back late Friday night. I was wondering if you might like to go to the beach with me for a couple of days?"

"The beach. There are no beaches around here," Jenny laughed.

"I have a little place in the Florida Keys. We can be down there in a couple of hours."

"Well... I... uh," Jenny stuttered. She remembered that Tim was supposed to come over Saturday night. She knew that he would be very disappointed if she cancelled. Yet, she wasn't going to give up a weekend with Bob for Tim.

"That's okay, I know it's short notice," Bob said. "You probably have a hot date Saturday night."

"No... well, yes I do have a date, but I can cancel that."

"No, I won't hear of that. We can do it another time."

"Listen, I can move it to Friday night," she said. She was supposed to go out with Michael on Friday night. But it was just to talk about her business ideas again and since Erica was leaving Friday afternoon it might work out.

"Are you sure?" Bob said hopefully.

"I'm sure."

"Great! Pack an overnight bag and a bathing suit."

"Okay."

"I'll pick you up at 7 am Saturday morning. Now don't wear yourself out on Friday night," he said with a laugh.

Jenny felt her face flush at his words. "I won't," she answered.

"See you then," Bob said.

"See you."

When Jenny hung up, she almost screamed in excitement. She couldn't believe that he had called her from China. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she picked up the phone again to call Michael. When she told her that she was going to cancel because of moving Tim to Friday night, she sounded disappointed. 

"So you're dumping me for Tim," Michael said with a pout in her voice.

"Don't put it that way. We were just going to talk business... weren't we?"

"Well... I was hoping you could come back to my place."

Jenny sighed, not knowing what to do. She guessed that she would have to keep her date with Michael and disappoint Tim.

"Wait a minute," Michael said. "Why don't you both come over to my place Friday night?"

"Both of us?" Jenny asked.

Michael lowered her voice and said, "Yes... I'd like to meet Tim. Unless, you're not willing to share."

Suddenly Jenny's mood brightened. It was perfect. "Well, I'll have to ask Tim."

"Don't ask him. Tell him. From what you've told me, it would seem that he likes women to take charge."

"What have you got in mind," Jenny laughed.

"Nothing that you wouldn't do," she returned with excitement in her voice.

"All right, I'll let you know. Oh, and by the way, do you have any bathing suits my size? I don't have anything that is nice enough for the weekend."

"I'm sure that we can find something. Why don't you stop by tonight."
