 The next morning after coffee and a shower we found ourselves in bed watching some TV. I was rubbing my hands all over my wife's legs, her skin is so unbelievably soft. I could tell she was getting turned on again. I slowly worked by hand up her thigh and started to play with her pussy a little bit. Gently brushing my fingers over her pussy lips, I gave her clit a quick flick with my finger and I could feel her whole body shutter.

We started to kiss passionately and I continued to rub the outside of her dampening pussy and clit. Her hips began to rock slightly as she ground her body into mine. I slipped down between her legs and began to eat her pussy. I started with long licks over her entire pussy using the flat of my tongue. Then I slipped my tongue into her glistening hole. Her pussy was now flowing with sweet nectar that I couldn't lap up fast enough. Once I had my fill of her tangy pussy juice, began to concentrate on flicking her clit with my tongue. After a minute or so I could feel her hips begin to rock in time with my tongues motions, and she was subtly pressing herself into my face trying to increase the pressure. 

"Alright, that's enough of that" she said.

I felt her hands pressing light against my head, pushing me away from the lip lock I had on her swollen clit. I was both surprised and confused at the same time. But I complied and moved back a bit on the bed. 

"I think you should play with my ass some more. I really don't think your thick cock is going to fit in there, unless you get it ready" she said with a wry smile. 

She pulled her legs up to her chest, exposing her pink asshole to my view. My heart skipped a beat at the sight before me. The thick clear fluid leaking from her pussy as started to drip down onto her perfect little asshole. I just love it when she does this, such an amazing sexy view to see her so exposed.

She did have a point, her asshole is super tight. When I play with her ass while I'm fingering her pussy or sometimes when fucking her, I can hardly manager to get one finger inside her sung hole. I happily took up the challenge of getting my thick cock to fit inside her backdoor. I moved in and gave her holes a long lick, cleaning up the pussy juice that was leaking down. I took aim at her wrinkled hole and slowly plunged my tongue in as far as it would go. 

"Ummm...I don't think that's what I had in mind" she scolded me. 

I guess this caught her a bit off guard and she jerked away from me. She flipped over onto her stomach presenting her wonderful brown bottom to me. 

"I think this would be a bit more productive?" she said very coyly looking back over she shoulder. 

My cock grew an extra inch as she reached out for the bottle of lube on the night stand. She handed me the bottle and reached back with both hands and spread her cheeks wide, exposing her succulent pink asshole for my viewing once again. I squirted a generous amount of lube right onto her hole. She gave a low moan as I worked a bit of the lube into her tight ass with my index finger. While she was relaxed and it had received a lot of attention the previous night, her rear entrance was still super tight and I had to work my finger in and out to open it up.

My finger began to slowly slide deeper and deeper into her snug passage as she began to relax. She responded by gently pushing back trying to get my finger to enter her even deeper. After a few minutes of this, I had a finger buried as far as it would go. She was rocking her hips back and forth and grinding her clit into the bed. I reached down to rub her clit and give her some much needed relief. Her pussy was so wet it was leaking its thick slippery juice down over her clit and on the bed. I pressed against her swollen clit and let her grind against me. I slowly worked my other finger in and out of her now relaxed asshole. I marveled at how tight the muscle gripped my finger as I pulled it out and then lunged it back inside. I imagined replacing my finger with my engorged cock. 

Her eyes were closed, lost in the unique pleasure was experiencing. She continued to grind her clit hard against my other hand. I felt her body tense up as her orgasm took hold of her. Her asshole began to spasm around my finger as she the waves of pleasure pass through her body. I've felt her cum many times with a finger pressed against her asshole, but rarely has my finger been inside her. The feeling was unbelievable, I needed to have my cock inside her tight ass and feel her cum.

After her orgasm had subsided, I laid next to her stroking her body helping her comedown. She turned on her side and put her leg over mine and we began to gently kiss. I turned slightly and began to rub on her smooth bottom as our kissing began to intensify. I could feel how wet she still was between her ass cheeks from the combination of the lube and her leaking pussy. I pulled her cheeks apart a bit and began to message her asshole again. She surprised me by adjusting herself, giving me better access to play with her asshole while be made out. It was still relaxed and I quickly had my finger buried inside her again. 

My raging hard-on was pressed against her thigh and was leaking pre-cum all over. She started to stroke me and we made out and I fingered her slippery asshole. What an incredible turn on, my heart was racing a mile a minute. I could hardly contain myself from shooting my load all over her thigh right then. 

"Are you going to cum?" She asked and stopped rubbing my cock. 

"If you keep that up I will." I responded

"I think it might be best for you not to cum right now, save it for my ass later. You do want that, don't you? To cum in my ass?" she said with a grin. She was tickling my balls, teasing me. 

"Yes, I do want to do that, but I think I can cum now and later in your ass." I was pretty much begging. 

She continued to tickle my balls and give my throbbing cock a stroke or two as she contemplated her next move.

"I think it would be fun to tease you all day, make you want me, beg me to let you cum." She said with an evil grin. 

"Wow...look at your cock! It's so hard, it's throbbing and purple. Maybe that would just be cruel." She said while continuing to stroke my cock. 

She stopped stroking me, I thought for a second that she was going to leave me like that all day. But I was relieved as she make her move and climbed on top of me. She positioned my cock at the entrance of her pussy and began to lower herself on to me.

"You'll have to promise to fill my ass with cum later today, or I'm going to be very upset." She said once I was buried all the way inside her warm wet pussy. 

She began to slowly bounce up and down coating my cock with her juices. Her pussy felt better than it ever has before, I was in heaven. She arched her back, showing me her wonderful plump tits. I grabbed onto them with both hands as she picked up her bouncing speed. 

It was all too much for me and I emptied my built up load deep inside her. It was one of the strongest orgasms I've ever had. I must have squirted fifteen ribbons of hot semen into her hungry pussy. She didn't stop bouncing until my cock had stopped twitching. I had filled her pussy so full, my cum had started to seep out around my cock and drip down to my balls. 

"Wow! I hope you have some cum left for my ass this afternoon." She winked at me.