 As the sun rose on the last day of their trip, Ella woke up wrapped in Greg's arms. She breathed in deeply, taking in the warm natural smell of his skin and the musty smell of the tent. The trip had been a mix of emotions and she still wasn't completely sure what was going to happen next. Normally, being awake early would mean a run for Ella, but this morning she decided to stay wrapped in Greg's arms.

She lay there quietly, listening to the distant roll of the waves, watching Greg's face as he slept on beside her. Ella closed her eyes, feeling sleep call to her as her breathing settled in time with his.

Greg's stirring woke Ella. He stretched his arms out, rolling on to his back to stretch out properly. "Hey," Greg mumbled. "Hey yourself..." yawned Ella, rolling on to her side to look at him. Greg stroked her face gently, before putting his glasses on. "I guess you and I have some things to talk about today?" He said, brushing her face again. 

"Not right now, ok?" Ella frowned, snuggling back into his arms and closing her eyes, trying to prolong this moment for as long as possible. 

He pulled her tight towards his chest, breathing in deeply. Ella smelt of the sea and the beach, a light, salted scent that reminded him of summer. Soon the smell of bacon cooking wafted into the tent, coaxing them to get dressed and join the others for breakfast. 

Everyone seemed quiet over breakfast. Maybe it was because their trip was coming to an end? The plan had been to spend another day on the beach relaxing. Before packing up late afternoon for the drive home. 

As the others got their things ready for the beach, Greg reached for Ella's hand, rubbing his thumb across the back of her hand. It was a strange sensation, a subtle shift from friendship to something more. A gesture showing their feelings for each other publicly. "We're going to catch you up later," Greg called to the others, "We want to explore more of the area." 

"Aye, aye!" Called Mitchel, wolf whistling as he walked towards the beach. Greg rolled his eyes and stood, pulling Ella to her feet. 

Expecting him to let go, she was surprised to find Greg still holding her hand as they started following the path into the forest. They walked quietly hand in hand, following the same path Ella had run the previous morning.

"So," Ella asked finally, "What do we do now?" Greg stopped and pulled her towards him, placing a kiss on her forehead. "Whatever we want sweetheart." Ella looked up at him, "You know what I mean." He kissed her forehead again.

"I want to be with you. For the rest of my life- or for as long as you'll have me." He smiled down at her. Ella smiled back, her heart full. "What about work?" Greg's smile slipped slightly. "I fly back out on Friday. I'll call my boss tomorrow and hand in my resignation. I'll need to work out my notice, but as soon as I can, I'll be back. I promise."

He leaned down to kiss her softly, as if to confirm his promise to her. Greg slid his arm around her waist as they carried on walking. 

"Things have been intense this weekend. I was thinking, when I'm back, we should slow down. Not rush into things." Greg said, turning to face Ella. 

"No." She replied.

"No!" He chuckled, surprised by her response. He thought she would appreciate it; taking their time, easing into a relationship after being friends for so long.

"No." Ella repeated, "You already know me better than anyone else. We've wasted the last two years and I don't want to waste anymore of our time."

Greg looked at her, "Do you have any idea how long I've loved you?" Now it was Ella's turn to feel surprised. "I don't want to be without you ever again. I just thought if we went too fast too soon, it might burn out." Greg explained.

"I know, I just want to know that this is serious. If we're jumping straight in, there can't be any doubt." Ella replied, looking him in the eye. Greg held her gaze. He cupped her face in his hands. "I love you. I'm moving back across the world to be with you. I don't think I could be any more serious?" 

"So this is it then?" Ella whispered, "It's official?"

"It's official." Greg whispered back, softly placing a kiss on her lips. Ella kissed him back, opening her lips slightly, inviting him to slip in his tongue. They kissed deeply, taking their time. Their first 'official' kiss as a couple. Ella pulled back, smiling. He smiled back. "Do you want to carry on our walk?"

"Actually, I do. The view at the end is incredible." Ella called back, walking ahead, reaching back to take his hand again. They walked the last mile or so in silence again; both smiling, fingers intertwined.

As the trees thinned, leading out onto the cliff top, Greg gasped. "Holy shit!" 

Ella chuckled, "Told you it was worth the walk." Greg stopped walking to take in the view. Miles of ocean spread out before them, the people on the beach just dots on the sand. Greg pulled Ella towards him and kissed her. "It's like we're on top of the world!" He laughed. "And we're definitely alone..." Ella winked, slipping her hands into the back pockets of his shorts. 

Greg gave her a knowing smile, surprised at her suggestion. "Unless you still want to slow things down?" Ella breathed into his ear. His cock stirred. She leaned back, taking her time to unbutton her top, slowly exposing more and more bare skin. Ella slid the top off her shoulders, letting it fall onto the grass. Greg's eyes fell to her breasts, the tan lines from days at the beach visible across her shoulders. 

He reached one strong arm around her back, keeping the other free to stroke her breasts. Ella's nipples hardened at his touch. The breeze blowing across her bare skin, made her shudder slightly. 

Greg knelt down, running his hands down her sides, leaving them on her hips. He kissed each breast in turn. Taking his time to suck on each nipple, making Ella moan softly. The sound hardened his cock, making him suck a little harder on her nipple. 

Ella ran her hands through his hair as he tugged off her shorts. Greg pulled her down to the ground with him. Softly, he kissed the spot between her breasts, starting a trail of kisses that led down her stomach. As he got closer to the top of her pubic hair, Ella put her hand on his shoulder to stop him. 

Greg looked up, Ella's face flushed. "Don't... it's just..." She sighed, embarrassed. "I don't like that. You know... down there..." 

Greg paused, "Really!?" 

Ella blushed again, wriggling uncomfortably beneath him. His mouth still a bit close to her clit for her liking. "It just makes me uncomfortable." 

Greg didn't think he'd ever been turned down for trying to give oral sex before! Instead, he trailed his tongue back up her stomach lazily, stopping to kiss all the sensitive parts of her neck.

Ella reached down to pull his t-shirt off. She was starting to feel vulnerable being the only one naked. As he moved up to kiss her properly, he slipped his shorts off, keen to feel her body against his.

They lay on the grass, kissing slowly, their hands exploring each other lightly and the sea breeze blew over them, cooling their beads of excited sweat. 

In one move, Greg straddled her and slipped inside. They lay there, looking at each other in the eye as Greg moved slowly inside her. He wasn't sure if he should laugh or cry. He couldn't believe how things had turned out. 

Greg had been desperate to come home and see Ella, but was terrified of telling her how he felt, in case she rejected him; or worse, told him she was with someone else. But here they were, together, after all the nights he'd gotten drunk alone, trying to dull his feelings. After all the times he'd cried after they'd spoken on Skype. Seeing her beautiful face on the screen, but not being able to touch her was torture. 

He felt happy about the future for the first time in ages. 

Later, once they'd rejoined their friends on the beach, Hannah pulled Ella aside. "So??" She beamed expectantly. Ella blushed and nodded. Hannah squealed excitedly. "I'm so happy for you two! Let's be honest, it's been a long time coming!" Hannah raised an eyebrow at Ella. 

Ella sighed, clearly everyone else had seen what she and Greg hadn't. "He's coming home, for good." Ella smiled. Hannah hugged her, as Ella cast a glance at Greg; sat with the guys on the beach. He smiled back at her. A genuine warm smile, that was just for her.