 Let me introduce myself. I am a super hero. My name is "Orgasmic Girl". My super power is the ability to have orgasm after orgasm after orgasm.

There are some things I want you to do tonight...in private...with yourself!

Tonight when it is time to go to bed I want you to go into your bedroom and close the door. You had better lock it as well. I want you to stand in front of the mirror and look at yourself. Stare at yourself straight in the eyes. Tell yourself how sexy you are. Take yourself in...drink in your yumminess. 

It is now time to take off your shirt—do it S-L-O-W-L-Y! Grasp your shirt at the bottom and slowly raise it over your head. Throw it on the floor. Look at yourself. Take in a deep breath, close your eyes and slowly move your hands over your chest. Caress yourself. Notice the sensation. Look at yourself in the mirror again. Do you feel a little stirring in your pants? Is your cock getting hard? I hope so!!

Now it is time to take off your jeans and release your cock from its tight restraint. Unbutton your jeans. Slowly slide down your zipper—passing your hand softly over your fast growing cock. Hook your thumbs in the sides of your jeans and slowly push them down. Now you should be standing in just your shorts. I wonder?? Boxers or briefs?? Stand in front of the mirror and look at yourself. Take your hand and rub your cock through your shorts. How does that feel? Does it feel good when your touch yourself?

Now it is time to completely release your big hard cock. Pull down those shorts—fast and hard. Let your cock spring to attention! Look at it, feel it, take it in your hand and stroke it—nice and slow!! Move those hips in a nice slow circle. Ravish yourself. Let all your inhibitions go...enjoy it...it's just your—love yourself! Pleasure yourself! It's OK—it's natural—let the feeling take you away...far away!!

Now it is time to get into bed...I think I will join you. Lay back. Close your eyes and take a nice deep breath. I will be there in just a moment. Let your hands wander all over your body...your chest, your neck, your inner thighs...your cock. You naughty boy—you had better wait for me! Tonight is all about you!

I climb onto your bed...your eyes are still closed but you feel the movement of the bed. I spread your legs and come up between them. I explore your thighs with my mouth...getting closer and closer to those swollen balls and big hard cock. I take your cock in my mouth. I take as much of it as I can. I can taste your pre cum. I remember that taste from long ago-it brings back memories. I tease you a bit—sucking the head of your cock and running my tongue up and down the shaft. I feel it pulsate with anticipation.

I slowly move my way up your body—rubbing your chest. I feel my pussy getting wet. I shiver with the anticipation of your touch. I move my mouth all over your chest—licking and sucking on your nipples—they are so hard...it turns me on!

I kiss my way up to your neck. I am moaning with pleasure. My pussy aches. I want your cock inside me. I need your cock inside me. I feel like I am ready to explode! I move up to your lips. I give you a deep, hard kiss running my fingers through your hair...pulling your head into me. I have to have it...I can't wait any longer. I am so wet. I am on the verge of cumming!! I need it! I need it bad!!

I sit up-straddling your hips. I lift myself up then slowly lower myself down on your hard waiting cock! Oh God does it feel good. You fill me up deeper than ever before. You start rubbing my tits. I ride your cock-slowly at first then faster and faster. You grab my ass to help with the motion. You start to moan with pleasure! You are so deep in my pussy. I can't wait any longer...I want to cum!! I need to cum! I feel my climax building. My breathing is getting harder and faster...then I explode!! I'm cumming!! I moan, arch my back—I look you straight in the eyes. I want it bad—I feel my pussy clench around your cock with each pulse of my orgasm. I grind my pelvis into you...I want to prolong the feeling. I lean forward and lay on you...humping you...slowing down the motion. It is not time for you to cum. I release your cock. It is wet with my juices. I lay still just for a minute. I catch my breath!!

My mouth moves back down your body. I taste my own juices. Your cock is still hard. It feels wonderful in my mouth. I give you a break to recharge. We lay facing each other...exploring each other's body with our hands and mouths. I put my leg over your hip—inviting your cock back into my wet tight pussy. We fuck—slow at first then faster and faster, harder and harder. You have hold of my ass pulling it toward you with each thrust. Your finger enters my ass. It feels good. We lay still like that for what seems like forever. As we are still, I feel another orgasm building. You are working my ass with your finger. I tell you not to move. My orgasm is building. Then WOW! I cum. The feeling is incredible. My pussy clenches and releases your cock over and over and over again!

You pull out and lay me on my stomach. You put pillows under my hips. The anticipation is killing me. I automatically start grinding my pelvis into the pillows. I know what is coming and I can't wait!! You spread my legs and enter me from behind. You are in control now. I close my eyes and fully enjoy the sensation of you moving in and out of me. You tease me-putting just the head of your cock in my pussy! I am begging. I want you to slam your cock in me nice and hard. I want it and I want it bad!! I reach around and grab your ass. I try to push you deep into me. I can't stand it. I beg you but you pull out. You ask me how bad I want it—"Really bad". You ask me what I want you to do—"Slam that big cock of yours in my pussy". You ask me if I want to cum—"Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me NOW"!! You slide in me and fuck me like there is not tomorrow. I cum three times. I am screaming in ecstasy!!

After my third orgasm in that position I move to my hands and knees with you still inside me. I tell you to fuck my good and I give you permission to cum. You grab hold of my hips and move me with each thrust. You are getting louder and louder. I can tell you are about to cum. You slow down. Then it happens. No...you don't cum...you pull out and place your dripping wet cock at the entrance to my asshole. I am tight like a virgin so you take it slow. You slowly move your cock into my ass and then you fuck me. Your fingers move to my clit and into my pussy. You work your magic. You want me to cum while you are fucking me in the ass. I cum and as I cum I feel you getting close. You let out a guttural moan and tell me you are cumming. I feel your cock pulsating in my ass. I feel the warmth of your cum release inside me. You stay in me as your cock softens. You pull out and ask me if I want one more. Of course I do—after all I AM Orgasmic Girl! You lay me on my back and spread my legs. Your tongue works my clit—you taste your own cum dripping down into my pussy. It feels amazing. It doesn't take long for me to cum.

I'm exhausted, you're exhausted. We lay in post orgasmic bliss for a while and then it is time for me to leave—after all no strings just a good time. The naughtiness of it...the secrets...just make it all the more sexy. Please...don't give away my secret identity. You know who I really am...but to the world I am "Orgasmic Girl" master of orgasms!!