 (authors note: I was toying with using this as a mini anecdote in either Magnificent Bastard or as a sequel story to the Mix & Match crew. I had different ideas of bedtime stories being told by Jess or Olivia or Rachel while they cuddled with their lover, but in the end I thought it would be a fun exercise to make this anonymous and just a snippet in its own right. Feel free to imagine any of them in this role, or your own favorite slut)

*****

This was a few years ago, when I was living in a small two bedroom apartment that I was splitting with my friend, Alison. It was so dumb. But also ... kind of fun. 

It was a weekday in a summer. I was home. I had just taken a couple of days off because I needed it, but I was too broke to go anywhere. It's super hot, and humid, and Alison had gone to work. So I was kind of just hanging out in the kitchen in this really light robe and nothing else on, eating a banana for breakfast. Feeling bored and frustrated, like I'd want to go to the beach, but my car's been acting up and I didn't trust it to make it all the way there. Alison went on this cruise with her parents last winter, so she gets all of these catalogs for trips that neither of us can afford. So, instead of going to the beach, I was just sitting in the dumbass kitchen of my dumbass apartment, paging through cruise pictures and consoling myself with fantasies of the beach. Lame, I know.

I remember that the garbage was super stinky. Like, I think I had just finished my banana and dumped it in there and was all, whoa, hot day and week old garbage do not mix. So as I was taking the garbage out, I was still dreaming of beaches in Indonesia, which is why I got to the dumpsters out behind the apartment building and only then realized that I'm still wearing a robe with no pockets. I don't have my keys and, yup, I just locked myself out of the building. 

So fucking dumb, right? In fairness, Alison and I would walk out without our keys all of the time, but there's usually enough people coming and going from this apartment building that it's not a big deal and someone's always going to let you come back in.

Anyway, I spent the next 30 minutes walking around the apartment, looking for a way in. The lobby with the mailboxes was open, but you need a key to go from the lobby to the rest of the building, and another key to get into our apartment. Our apartment's on the second floor and there's a little fire escape that we use as a smoking porch, but the ladder for the fire escape was raised up so that I have to jump to grab it and I'm just not tall enough. I walked around for a bit, trying to see if any of my neighbors were in, but it looked like everyone else was out at work too.

So, I was back to sitting on the front stoop of the apartment, thinking like this is the shittiest way to spend a staycation, and I'm probably going to have to wait until Alison comes back from work. Then I heard this rumble coming down the street, and I saw a fire truck roll by. Siren's off. I remembered that there's a fire station a block away. The truck's got a bunch of guys in it, and there's this one dude sitting in the back passenger area who just lazily looked over then fixed me with this super intense stare.

Then I remembered what I was almost naked and probably flashing myself at him. So I blush and got up and went into the entraceway and off the street.

A few minutes go by, and I was still pretty angry at myself and thinking of myself as this colossal fuckup when I see something out of the corner of my eye. I looked over and I saw that firefighter guy sauntering by, wearing a t-shirt and jeans. Backpack slung over his shoulder. He's got suspenders on like it's some kind of firefighter uniform. I saw him looking over at the apartment building, and I don't know if he can see me through the glass, but I decided to go outside anyway.

His walk slowed down and he just looked at me and asked, "you need some help?"

I walked up to him, arms crossed in front of me, taking small steps. Suddenly feeling really vulnerable and exposed, but he's my only choice right now. "Yeah, umm, I feel really dumb in saying this, but I locked myself out. I don't suppose you could, umm ..."

He just shrugged and said, "show me." I can still remember how his dark eyes fixed on mine. So intense. But also caring. Like he genuinely wanted to help. I walked him around, pointing out where my apartment was and then the open kitchen window, and the fire-escape, and its raised ladder. He set his backpack down and placed his hands on his hips and just said, "yeah, that's interesting, but I think we can do this."

He took a few steps back and then ran, jumped, and missed the ladder. He tried again. It took a couple tries, but finally he managed to grab the bottom rung, and at first I'm excited something happen, but ... now what? Then this dude just does, like, a pull up and then reaches up and climbs up the ladder basically doing the equivalent of one arm pull ups all the way to my fire escape. Motherfucker was jacked.

Anyway he got to the top and looked down at me with this big sweaty smile like he can't believe he just did that, but I still point at the raised ladder and he nodded, pushed the sweaty hair back from his eyes and then just lifted the catch on the ladder and lowered it down to me. 

I remember feeling giddy as I climbed up and then happy and relieved when I finally got back into my apartment. I heard the ladder slide back up as the firefighter brought it back off the street, and then he climbed from the fire escape into the kitchen and said, "hope you don't mind if I just head out through your front door."

"oh, no, not at all. Here have a drink. You look like you worked up a sweat. Water, soda, juice?"

"Soda's fine."

I had bent over to look in the fridge as I pulled out a bottle and poured it into a glass, but then I realized what sort of show I was putting on. I turned around and saw that he had been staring at me in my short robe the entire time. I knew this because now, he's sporting a pretty decent boner and isn't doing anything to hide it. I glanced at that bulge and could feel myself getting flush and horny. I handed him the soda.

"Here."

"Thanks."

He just kind of half-smirked. This smug thing, and a part of me looked at that smirk and thought, "hey, why not?"

I leaned back against the kitchen counter and said, "you know, this was turning out to be a really shitty day, and I was feeling really sorry for myself."

"well, I'm glad to help." and again he stared directly at my eyes. So intent. So strong. "Do you ... need anything else?"

"Yes."

And he just went up to me and looked at me. Daring me. I hooked his suspenders with my fingers. Dare accepted.

He smelled of sweat and his lips still had some of that soft drink sweetness. I felt his arms slip around my waist like coils of iron, and then press me against him. His lips on my jaw and neck. The tie on my robe was coming open. His callused hands on my sensitive breasts. And in the center of it all was him, his hardness, his urgency. His thigh pressed forward, like ship's prow, parting my legs. I sigh and moan as his lips and tongue graze my nipples. I shoved his suspenders out of the way and tugged up his shirt, revealing his smooth back and muscles for days. Then there's his face as he pulls the shirt off completely - his hungry look, his eager grin. 

I hooked my fingers in my panties, and let them fall to the floor, then shrugged the rest of my robe off, so I'm standing naked before him. He took a step back, and it's like he licks my entire body with his eyes. Then slowly, he unbuttoned his jeans and opened the fly. The front of the jeans parted like petals and then his cock fell forward, heavy, engorged, like the meaty stamen of some weird denim flower, and thinking about it now still makes me giggle. I think I giggled then too.

I remember that he didn't care and just came forward again. He cupped my jaw with his hand as he kissed me hungrily, his stubble on my chin and cheek. And I felt his shaft on my belly, the warmth of it matching the heat building inside me. I felt his thigh again rubbing up against my pussy and I slid myself over it, shivering at the contact, getting so wet for him.

His hands came down and cupped my ass, lifting me up. I could feel the tip of his cock sliding towards my entrance, and a small panic hit me as I realized that this is going to happen. "Wait," I said. I placed my hand on his face to pause the moment and just said, "not like this. I've got condoms in the bedroom."

"Ok," he grunted. He's still holding me, but slid me to one side, so I'm resting my groin against his waist and hip, and one hand was steadying me at my waist, while the other was cupped below my ass to take the rest of my weight. 

"which way?"

I pointed to the door of my bedroom. I placed my arms around his shoulder and felt like I'm four and I'm being carried to bedtime by my dad. He carried me easily, and then tossed me onto my bed. I reached over to my night table and fished around in the mess in there. I felt the mattress shift as he sat down, shucked off his jeans and ditched his socks.

Finally, I found the string of condom packets that I had tucked away in a drawer. It's been a while. I wasn't sure when I'd need this again, but hope springs eternal. I turned back and I saw him lying on his side, looking at me, his hand gliding over his cock, keeping it ready for me. 

I smiled and leaned forward to kiss him, but he leans in too, and pushed me back on to the mattress, kissing my face, my cheeks, my neck, my chest ... his fingers were busy too, strong, intent, and curious. They grazed past my swollen vagina and I see another one of his smug smirks as he felt how wet I am. I moan as two callused fingers enter me, testing, playing. He primes me like this for a while, but it doesn't take much and soon I'm moaning as his fingers find a new crook and a welcome corner. Then I feel them leave and feel him reaching down to his cock again, lubing himself in my juices.

He took the condom from my fingers and then straddled me, his cock proud and glistening. He tore the foil open and slowly rolled the latex over himself. There's a quiet creaking as the rubber stretched itself from its long slumber. The sound reminded me of a balloon and of being six years old at a carnival. Then, he kissed me again and I felt his shaft tracing along my belly to between my legs. I began to spread myself in anticipation.

It had been a while and I almost forgot what it feels like to have a new man enter you. Stretching around a fresh dick. Knowing the unique way it fills you, touches you, sets you off ... oh god, he felt good. This was exactly what I needed.

He started a bit slowly at first, just taking me in, dragging himself in and out as his body pressed down on me like a blanket of muscle and flesh. Then he raised himself up and hooked one of my legs on his bicep, spreading me wider, as he started to go at me with some gusto. I started swirling my hips in a clockwise motion, letting his shaft juice my pussy with each stroke and thrust. 

I let myself moan as I felt my orgasm building up. I remembered that Alison wasn't around and the neighbors were all gone, so I could finally be as loud as I wanted. I could just give myself over to all of the sex. There were no feelings to this. No worries about our future or what we meant to each other. Just fucking, and two horny people who looked fucking hot together. I could hear his breath coming in ragged, and saw sweat beading on his forehead as he really picked up steam. His thrusts went from long and hard to short and fast, jackhammer, oh yeah, just like that.

I felt the fire in my belly building up. I clenched my eyes. And gripped my sheets. I must have been wailing so loud now. So close. So close. 

"Motherfucker, don't let me down ... I'm so close ... Don't."

I raised my hips to get the angle that I needed so he'd hit my g-spot and the inside wall of my clit. He took the hint and grabbed my ass as he sat back, raising me up so he was sitting back on his haunches, and me in his lap. I leaned backwards as far as I could and just ground myself against his cock. And I got it. That spot. Ooh, yeah, that lovely spot.

"Oh, God, yes. That's - AAH! AAH! OH! FUCK!"

The room faded. The firefighter faded. All I could think of was this piece of rubber flesh, hard and insistent, setting me off with every swirl of my hips. In time, the peak faded and I was left dazed in his embrace. He had pressed me to himself, his strong arms encasing me in a cocoon of warmth. The piston of his cock slowing down but still insistent, now like a warm buzz of pleasure deep inside myself.

I let myself collapse like jelly into his arms, and gave no resistance as he picked me up again and spun me around, lifting one leg over his shoulder as he rotated me to face away. Then he set me down again on the bed, on all fours, doggy style. Then that's when he let himself rip. I found myself burying my face into a pillow as he pounded me mercilessly from behind, driving me into the mattress. In that frenzy, I could feel my climax building once more, and above me was his ragged breath and his own groaning. 

I knew that sound, the familiar rumble of man wanting to cum. I wasn't far either. I was so close. His cock was so warm. So hot. Almost there. Almost.

"Oh ... YES. Fuck! OH!"

"Yeaaaaaaah."

I felt the condom swell, and a wet, soothing warmth washed over my pussy. The firefighter collapsed beside me, his cock slipping out, softening like a Sunday dream on a Monday morning.

Then we both saw it: the tear in the condom, the sticky mess that trailed from it, across my inner thigh. However, we were both just so high on sex and lust that we just shook our heads and laughed. He rolled onto his back and peeled off the latex, and just mumbled, "Sorry about that".

"No worries. Those were a bit stale anyway. I should've thrown them out, but you never know right?"

He just chuckled and said, "nope, you never do."

"So," I kissed his chest. "now that the horse has left that barn." I kissed his abdomen, "let's say you fuck me again." I kissed his waist, "... and not worry about the condom."

I looked up and there was that smirk again, not cocky this time. Just dopey and happy.

As I said, it was pretty dumb ... but also kind of fun.

He took his time. He didn't stay for lunch. I never got his name. He never came over again, but sometimes I'd be in living room, facing the street, and I'd see a fire truck roll by and a fireman sitting in the back, staring at the apartment building.