 *Note- This follows on from 'A Reunion to Remember', but four months have passed.*

*****

Ella's leg jiggled nervously, as she sat in Costa, sipping on a latte. The airport was full of people, as she sat watching the arrivals board.

Greg's plane was due to land in half an hour. It had been three months since they'd got together at the beach. Well, three months, two days and seven hours- to be precise. It had taken time for Greg to work out his notice period, pack up all his belongings and finally move back to the UK; back to Ella.

They hadn't seen each other during that time, but spoke on Skype everyday. Now, the day was finally here! Ella was due to collect him from the airport and take him back to hers for the weekend, before he moved back in with his parents.

She checked her watch again. Twenty five minutes until his plane landed. She was so nervous! She got her phone from her pocket, flicking through the news app to pass the time.

Fifteen minutes to go... 

She checked the arrivals board again. She'd waited more than three months, but this last half hour was torture. 

Finally, it was time for her to walk down to the arrivals gate to meet him. She stood impatiently, shifting her weight from foot to foot, drumming her fingers nervously against her leg. Groups of people started passing through the automatic doors, pulling their cases along behind them.

Ella scanned the crowd, but there was no sign of him. More people came through the doors, but Ella didn't pay attention to any of them.

Ten minutes had passed. Ella thought about asking someone if this was the right plane, when suddenly, a mop of untidy dark hair caught her eye. Her breath caught in her throat as he spotted her through the crowd, smiling straight at her. 

Greg's pace quickened, weaving between people to get to her quicker. She ran towards him, wrapping their arms around each other, Greg lifting her off the ground slightly. Their lips pressed together hungrily and Ella found she was crying, tears silently falling down her cheeks. 

Greg pulled back, brushing the tears from her cheeks with his thumbs, kissing the salty trails they left on her skin. "It's ok. No more waiting, I'm home now." He whispered into her hair, wrapping her tightly in his arms.

Ella didn't know how long they stayed like that, wrapped up in each other, crowds of people walking around them to get into the arrivals lounge.

She pulled away, smiling at him lovingly. "Shall we go?" He smiled back, taking her hand in his and pulling his case along with the other.

***

The drive to Ella's went quickly as they chatted about his journey. Once they reached Ella's house, Greg unloaded his case from the boot while Ella unlocked the front door. She let out a deep breath, terrified of this next step they were taking in their relationship. Suddenly Greg was behind her in the hallway, wrapping his arms around her from behind and nuzzling his face into the side of her neck. 

Ella relaxed against him, turning in his arms to face him. She cupped his face in her hands and pulled him towards her for a kiss. Greg kicked the front door closed with his foot, kissing her hungrily. He slipped one hand up the back of her top, desperate to feel her after their time apart.

Ella hurriedly unzipped his jacket, pushing it down off his arms and on to the floor. "I want you right here, right now..." Ella breathed against his lips. Wordlessly he started pulling her clothes off, kissing her hard, leaving a trail of discarded clothes along the hallway. 

They were naked before they even reached the staircase. Greg couldn't wait any longer, pushing her back against the stairs, grasping her hips and entering her roughly. Ella gasped, using her hand on the back of his neck to pull him into another kiss.

Their tongues met, both trying to fill each other's mouth. Neither of them lasted long. Their primal urges quickly driving them both over the edge. They were panting with exhaustion, their bodies slick with each other's sweat. Greg took Ella's hand and pulled her up on her feet.

"Hey you.." Greg smiled, stroking the side of her face gently. "Hey yourself." Ella smiled back. 

"I think, I should probably have a shower." Chuckled Greg, "I still feel grubby from the plane." "Sure, you remember where it is yeah?" Ella replied, gesturing up the stairs. Greg nodded, trailing his fingers along her waist as he passed her. Ella shivered at his light touch, watching him climb the stairs.

She scooped their clothes up from the hallway floor and took them upstairs, putting them in the dirty laundry basket. Then she went back downstairs to bring Greg's suitcase up. She sat on the edge of her bed and used an app on her phone to order a pizza, as it was gone 8pm and she could use a shower too.

Ella pushed the bathroom door open, just as Greg was stepping out of the shower. "Leave it running," Ella smiled, as she passed him to stand under the jet of hot water. 

Greg stood in the bathroom towelling himself off, as he watched Ella shower. He still couldn't believe this was really happening, after all this time! He watched the soap bubbles run down the curves of her body. Ella turned to find him watching her. A quick glance at the towel he had wrapped around his waist, told her he clearly liked what he saw! 

Smiling seductively, she ran her hands slowly over her soapy breasts, slipping one down further between her legs. 

"Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?" Greg murmured, his eyes never leaving her body. "Not today you haven't..." she smiled, turning under the water of the shower, to rinse the soap off. Ella switched the shower off and Greg handed her a towel.

He placed a kiss gently on her lips. "You are beautiful." He breathed against her, kissing her again. Ella smiled, playfully slapping his bum. "Get dressed Mr. One of us needs to be dressed when the pizza arrives! Your case is in my room." 

Greg chuckled, walking back to her bedroom to find some clean clothes in his case. Ella quickly dried herself off and followed him in. Pulling a clean T-shirt and leggings from one of her drawers, just as the doorbell rang. 

Greg went down to answer it, already dressed in dark grey jeans and a hoodie Ella recognised from their camping trip. 

She dressed and headed downstairs. "Plates or straight from the box?" Greg asked. Ella shrugged, "Box. No washing up then." She gestured to the sofa in the living room, before heading into the kitchen for the beers. When she came back, Greg was flicking through the TV channels; clearly forgetting about the slice of pizza he had halfway to his mouth. Ella felt a warm glow spread through her as she sat on the other side of the pizza box, taking the slice from his hand and devouring it hungrily.

"Hey!" Greg laughed, pretending to pout at her. Ella licked her fingers clean and passed him a beer. They both settled back into the sofa, enjoying the beer and pizza, watching some run of the mill rom-com on the TV.

As the film ended, Ella glanced over to see Greg had fallen asleep. She turned the TV off, put the pizza box and empty bottles in the kitchen and went back to the sofa. She nudged his shoulder, gently calling his name to wake him up.

Greg stirred, stretching his arms up above his head. "Urgh, sorry hun, I didn't realise I was so tired!"

Ella smiled, "I'm going to bed, are you coming?"

Greg stood up and stretched again, flicking the lights off as he followed her up.

Greg undressed, leaving just his boxers on and looked awkwardly at Ella. She raised her eyebrows questioningly.

"Which side is mine?" Greg asked, nodding towards the bed. "Oh!" Ella replied, "um, I normally sleep closest to the window, so I guess you're by the door?" They both slipped under the covers, laying there in an awkward silence.

"This is weird, sorry!" Ella laughed, "I've never shared a bed with you before!" Greg rolled on to his side, facing her, reaching out to touch her in the darkness. "I've been waiting for this for a long time."

Ella blushed, even though he couldn't see her face. "I can sleep in the spare room if you want..." Greg suggested. 

Ella reached out to place her hand on his hip, "Hell no!" She chuckled, "I just can't believe this is actually happening." 

Greg leaned forward in the darkness and kissed her nose. He tried again, this time finding her lips with his. "I love you." He whispered between soft kisses, "I love you, to the end of the world and back again." 

Ella melted at his words, returning his kisses with her own.

Ella felt the bulge of his cock against her leg, her skin tingling at the light caress of his hands over her body. It was slow and gentle and they were soon naked again. Sex against the stairs had relieved their lust, leaving them free to enjoy each other slowly; exploring each other, with no one around to disturb them.

Ella reached over to turn the lamp on, wanting to look at him as they caressed each other. He blinked in the light, sliding down to place a loving kiss on each of her nipples. Ella gasped quietly as he placed a trail of light kisses down her bare stomach. He felt her squirm as he got too close to her clit. He chuckled to himself as he remembered the last time he'd tried to go down on her. He felt her relax as he made his way back up, lazily taking his time to tease her nipples with his tongue.

Ella ran her fingers through his hair, breathing deeply as her nipples hardened with all the attention they were getting. He looked her in the eye. Ella loved the way his eyes crinkled slightly when he didn't have his glasses on. "Kiss me," she smiled at him. He pulled himself up, placing a kiss on her forehead. "Here?" He asked. Ella shook her head. He placed another kiss on her nose. Ella shook her head again. Before he could tease her any further, she tilted her head back, brushing their lips together.  

Ella opened her mouth to his tongue and pulled him closer. She had never felt so connected to anyone before. Greg was straddling her now, the tip of his hard on slick with pre- cum as he nestled it between her legs. They both moaned as he slowly slipped inside her.

They were hardly moving, kissing over and over, his cock burrowed deep inside her. Greg started moving gently, slowly rocking within her. 

Ella had never known pleasure like it, as wave after wave rolled through her. "I love you." She breathed into his ear, "Don't leave me again."

"Never." He whispered, covering her with kisses. "You're mine."

***

Greg woke first, his hand groping around on the bedside table for his glasses. Once he had them on, he checked the time. It was almost 9am. Ella was still asleep, her mouth open slightly as she breathed deeply.

Silently, Greg slipped out of bed, pulling his hoodie back on from yesterday. He crept down to the kitchen, hoping to surprise her with breakfast. He flicked the kettle on, rummaging around to find what he was looking for.

Shortly after, he made his way back upstairs carrying a tray. He'd managed to put together toast, with scrambled eggs, orange juice and coffee. Ella was awake when he got to the bedroom, a surprised look crossed her face when she saw what he was carrying. 

She laughed happily, taking the tray from him as he got back into bed. "Wow! I could get used to this!" Ella chuckled, nibbling on a piece of toast.

"Only the best for you my love!" Greg smiled, stirring his coffee.

They ate happily in silence, enjoying the quiet morning.

***

They spent the day together, doing normal things that couples do. They went for a walk, hand in hand around the lake; stopping half way around to get a hot drink and warm up. 

In the afternoon they went to the cinema, sitting in the back row like a couple of teenagers; barely watching the film.

In the evening they cooked dinner together, before a lazy evening on the sofa in front of the TV. Tomorrow, Ella was taking Greg back to his parents' house - about an hour drive away- where he was going to live for the time being. 

***

On Monday morning, after breakfast, Greg sorted his belongings out, repacking his case to go back in the car. Ella was sad that the weekend had gone so fast, trying to stall their departure.

The hour long drive flew by and soon they were pulling up outside his parents house. 

Ella popped in with him to say hi to his parents. She had met them a couple of times before, but it felt right calling in to see them again, now that she and Greg were a couple. She stayed for a coffee, before kissing Greg goodbye and driving home.

***

Back at home her house felt quiet and empty. She washed the dishes in the sink, did a load of laundry, but there was a nagging feeling in the back of her mind. She couldn't settle down to anything; she tried reading, but she couldn't concentrate and kept rereading the same part; she tried watching the TV, but had no idea what was going on. 

At dinner time, Ella rummaged around in the kitchen looking for inspiration. She spotted Greg's well worn hoodie, draped over the back of one of the kitchen chairs and pulled it on. She breathed deeply, inhaling the familiar scent of him. She felt even worse now. She decided against dinner, choosing instead to drown her sorrows in a bottle of wine.

Her phone pinged with a text from Greg;

'Missing you already x'

Ella replied;

'Me too. Love you xx'

Greg was quick to respond, as if he'd been waiting for her reply; 

'Love you too x' 

Ella didn't realise how lonely she was, living on her own. She missed having another person around to talk to, share a joke with. Greg had only been there one weekend, but it had felt so natural that suddenly, she felt out of place home alone.

Why did things need to be so complicated? She was supposed to feel great now he was back, so why didn't she??

She finished the last of the wine and turned off the TV. She headed to bed, keeping Greg's hoodie on.

***

Ella stared groggily at her bedside clock, trying to focus on the number and figure out what had woken her up. The clock showed 2.45am. Ella groaned, rolled over and tried to go back to sleep.

Then she heard it again, knocking on a door. No, knocking on her door! She frowned, reluctant to answer the door at this time of night. Her phone flashed with an incoming call. She glanced at it annoyed, picking it up to see who was calling. 

It was Greg. It stopped ringing before she could answer it, leaving her phone screen showing numerous missed calls and messages from him; the most recently simply read;

'I'm here'

Ella's mind slowly clicked into place and she jumped out of bed. In the darkness, she raced down the stairs, fumbling with her keys to unlock the door.

She pulled it open to find Greg on her doorstep, rucksack at his feet.

"What are you..." Ella started, but Greg kissed her before she could finish.

"I can't do it." He rambled, "That weekend was perfect. I can't go from that, to living with my folks again. All I've thought about since you left, is you. I can't concentrate on anything! I travelled around the world to be with you, not to sit miserably in my old bedroom!"

Ella stood in the doorway, mouth open in shock, trying to process what was happening.

"I called, but you didn't answer. I didn't want to wait until morning. I called a taxi to bring me here..." This time Ella cut him off with a kiss of her own. She pulled him in through the door, locking it behind him.

"Stay with me." She whispered, "Forever."

He pulled her into his arms, holding her tightly. 

Greg pulled back suddenly, looking into her eyes, "Marry me Ella?" 

"What?" Ella laughed nervously.

"I mean it. I've never wanted to be with anyone, as much as I want to be with you. I don't have the words to tell you how much I love you. Marry me?" Greg explained, holding her face in his hands.

Ella could feel his hands trembling slightly against her skin. She was still standing there with her mouth open in surprise.

"Well?" Greg half smiled nervously. Ella blinked at him.

"Yes!" She gasped. "Of course I will!" Greg laughed with surprise, kissing her over and over with happiness. They were both laughing, kissing each other, holding each other close.

"Has anyone ever told you how hot you look in my hoodie?" He winked, pulling her close again.

Exhausted, Ella led him upstairs and climbed back into bed. Greg stripped down to his boxers and climbed in next to her. Ella fell asleep quickly, curled up against his chest.

***

Ella woke up at the sound of Greg's voice downstairs. She wondered if he'd called his parents to let them know where he was! When he came back upstairs, he had a mug of coffee for her. "Ok?" Ella asked, sitting up to take the mug from him. Greg crawled back under the duvet, "Yeah, just thought I should let mum and dad know what was happening."

"What did they say?" Ella asked, blowing gently on her coffee to cook it down.

Greg laughed, "Well, mums planning grandkids already!"

Ella almost spat out her coffee in surprise. Greg laughed again, "Don't worry, I told her to slow down a bit! But they're happy that we're happy. They said I could leave my stuff at theirs for now if I want and sort it out when we are ready."

Ella smiled at him as he drank his coffee. She really did love him, more than she ever thought possible. The prospect of being with him forever and becoming his wife, filled her heart with joy.