 I

Lois sat reading at her desk, taking advantage of the fact that it was quiet in the house. Nick wasn't at home and the kids were still at school. At least once a week she tried to have at least two hours with nothing scheduled so that she could read. What most people would have been surprised at, especially her family, is what she read and how she read it. About six months ago one of her girlfriends had mentioned to her that she had read a very good erotic story on the Internet. Without trying to seem too interested, Lois had asked, "My God! Do you mean that they have dirty stories on the Internet?" Within the next few weeks Lois found out that not only were there stories on the Internet, there was also everything else that you can possibly imagine. And, of course, she got the address of the site that her friend used (and quite cleverly, she thought to herself).

So here she sat, at her desk, reading through the few stories that seemed interesting enough to help her increase her sexual excitement. Over the past few months she had developed a pattern. As soon as she had the majority of her morning chores completed and had showered, she dressed in a shortie robe and slippers, grabbed her last cup of coffee, and made herself comfortable at her desk. After she brought up EarthLink, she went out to Laurel's erotic story archive as the beginning point of her browsing. Although not a computer guru, Lois had nevertheless picked up a few tricks.

If she had simply typed www.Literotica.com to get into Laurel's site, she knew it would leave a permanent record in the computer that her husband or the kids could easily find. So to avoid that, she clicked on File and then Open Page, entering the address she wanted there. That way Netscape would not record where she had been on the Location bar. Another of the tricks that Lois had learned is not to read directly off of the sites, but to copy and paste the stories that interested her into Word Pad for later reading. In that way she didn't risk losing any of the momentum that she wanted to slowly build while reading the stories until she had her orgasm. Too often in the past she had been right at a critical spot in her rise to ecstasy only to run out of story. And, of course, by the time she could find another story, some of the mood had been lost.

She did, however, use this research time to good advantage. Since she had to read enough of the story she found to decide if it was one she wanted to keep for a while, it was easy enough to stroke herself while she read. Her arms, especially the insides of her upper arms and the insides of her elbows, got increasingly sensitive as arousal grew. And to mold her breasts through her robe, and try to tweak her nipples through the cloth, built up the expectation of how it would feel when she actually reached inside the robe eventually. Lois knew she had nice breasts.

She had seen ample numbers of breasts on her friends at aerobics, and of course there were her high school experiences. While only a B cup, she had very prominent nipples, quite dark brown, that would stiffen up with little or no encouragement. When she lay on her back her breasts stayed on top of her chest. Of course during sex, she was on her back a lot, because Nick was pretty much a missionary position lover. Mind you, he was a pretty good lover as far as she could tell, but she could only base that on what she heard from other girlfriends. Lois had never had sex with any man except Nick; that is, she never had intercourse with any man except Nick. Sad to say, that what she missed the most with Nick was mutual oral sex.

One of her boyfriends in high school had introduced her to oral sex. Wow! She had screamed out her orgasm that first-time so loudly that she was afraid people two blocks away would have heard her. Feelings that emanated from her pussy, radiating out to every part of her body, including her toes and finger tips, would be a cherished memory until the day she died. When she realized what her boyfriend was trying to do to her, she tried to stop him. They had been sitting in the back of the car kissing and running their hands over each other for at least an hour. Her blouse was unbuttoned. The front clasp on her bra was open. Her nipples were stiff and wet from his mouth.

Her skirt was bunched up at her waist, exposing the front of her very wet panties. Danny had not yet had his hands inside her panties, but his hands were responsible for her nectar being smeared all over her dark brown pubic hair and the insides of her panties. His shirt was open. His belt buckle was undone. His zipper was down. And his hot, stiff cock was still sticking up a little bit over the waistband of his shorts. So young Lois had not been exactly idle all of that time.

But now Danny was sort of on his knees on the floor of his car, had forced her right leg fully up on to the back seat to his left, leaving her left leg on the floor to the right of him, and was planting little wet kisses all over her legs and lower tummy. She had closed her eyes and leaned her head back in order to more fully enjoy the feeling of his hot lips touching her skin. At one point in her sensual reverie, Lois felt Danny slide his hands under her ass and pull her more toward him on the seat.

Since Danny wasn't all that much bigger than she, it was very thrilling to her to realize that she so excited him that he was able to "manhandle" her with such ease. But then, still with her eyes closed and her head tilted back in rapture, she felt him push his face firmly into the center of her blossoming womanhood. Lois was so shocked that at first she just looked down at him as he rubbed his face against her soaking wet panties. She could clearly hear him inhaling her arousal. Of course it was so wildly erotic, so disgustingly tantalizing, so shockingly worshipful, that she almost came immediately. But then her turmoil cleared up enough that she started to reach down and push his face away from her crotch.

By then, Danny was already pulling aside the very wet material of her panties, exposing the swollen lips of her overheated sex. At about the time when her hands were close enough to his forehead to push him away, his tongue was making its first contact with her clit. The instantaneous effect of those two small pieces of flesh coming together caused her hands, all of their own volition, to continue on around to the back of his head and force him to maintain that intimate, sensual, orgasm producing, contact. Lois doesn't remember pumping her groin up-and-down, up-and-down, against Danny's mouth and nose, nor did she remember anything she did or said for the next minute or two, but she does remember hearing someone screaming.

Just remembering those events had now gotten her excited and wet. Nick had no trouble accepting blow jobs from her but was unwilling to put his mouth to her womanhood and nurse on her. She knew she tasted good when she was clean. One of the very erotic parts of these reading sessions was tasting her own juices as her excitement grew. And she would never enter into lovemaking with Nick without making sure that she was clean and sweet tasting. She had been trying, not for the first time, for months now to think of a way to get Nick to be more inventive in their lovemaking.

She wanted to feed him her nipples repeatedly during the course of their sex together, not just have them sucked for a minute or two before intercourse.

She wanted him to tell her to lay flat on her stomach on the bed and then pick up her hips in his strong hands, so he could fuck her from behind.

She wanted to be open and vulnerable to his attack on her little pussy.

She needed to be able to turn her head and look back at him, her man, exercising his will on her, his woman.

She needed those things once in awhile. The people in the stories did these things. In the stories written by her favorite author, the guy would go around behind his lover, put his hands on her naked hips, bend down low, push his face in between her hot thighs, and lick her from her clitoris all the way up to her ass hole before imbedding his rampant cock in her hot cunt.

She wanted Nick to come up behind her while she was at the sink, periodically, push his groin into her ass, reach around her to grab some tit in his left hand, feel up her pussy with his right hand, and spread little kisses all up and down her neck and across her shoulders.

She wanted to wake up in the morning once in awhile and find Nick nursing on her nipples ... or wait, better yet, nibbling at her sleepy pussy lips. Yes! That would be so erotic. Of course, she would show him her gratitude by sucking him dry until the day after tomorrow.

Those were the kinds of things she wanted and needed. Not all of the time, necessarily. But she couldn't imagine going through the rest of their life together with so little variety in their sex life. She should get him to read some of the stories that got her off. Especially that one author, G Williams. Boy, did he write great stories! He really seemed to work hard at knowing what a woman needs, both emotionally and physically, and his male characters turned their women every way but loose. They would take control or yield control depending on how their woman felt. They would relinquish control at any sign that that was what the woman wanted. They would hold back and hold back until their woman was rung out completely before letting themselves orgasm. They would slow down the pace, or speed up the pace, or change positions, anything, as long as it kept the woman excited and allowed the guys to pace themselves. And although Williams doesn't directly say it in his stories, the reader gets the impression that the very act of holding back his orgasm makes it a tremendous one when the guy finally let's go. You can bet that's true.

Lois had now found two or three stories to read as preludes to the William's story she had been holding back for herself. All of her thoughts about William's male characters had gotten her more excited than she usually was by this point. Shifting her trim ass more to the edge of her chair she reached down to check how wet she was with a probing finger. Her thatch of dark, curly pubic hair already felt damp. Bringing her fingers to her nose, she inhaled her familiar, aroused scent. She had to taste her honey. A couple of times, actually. And then stroke her rampant mound with its thick growth of soft hair. Nick loved the fact that her pubic hair went down each side of her vagina in thick array. He didn't like to nuzzle in it, but he did like to look at it.

She kept it neatly trimmed in an attractive triangle, but never thinned or shortened her muff, and the only time her bush had ever been shaved was during the birth of each of her kids. Anyway, now that she had her stories captured she could exit from the Internet. While leaning forward to execute the mechanics of closing Netscape, she paid enough attention to background sounds to realize that a commercial on the radio was advertising for the free e-mail services of Hotmail. The announcer was stating that one could use any name with Hotmail and be completely anonymous. At just that moment the germ of an idea crept around behind the forehead of our sweet Lois. But, first things first. She had another great Williams story to read and another great orgasm to give herself.

II

Lois became Stella Teller, or StellaTeller@Hotmail.com. First she sent herself an e-mail to make sure that their IP address didn't show in Netscape and give away the fact that Lois was sending the stuff herself. It didn't. So, as Stella, Lois created a businesslike letter explaining that the recipient had been selected to receive occasional stories. She explained that a reply with the subject line "Remove" would insure that the recipient would be dropped from the mailing list. She further explained that each story was specially selected to be of high quality and in line with general sexual mores. She signed it, "Your new reading pal, Stella". Then she attached one of Williams five stories to the e-mail and sent it to the e-mail address that she and her husband shared. Now all Lois had to do was wait for her plan to hatch.

The kids came home from school, Nick came home from work, Lois was already showered and dinner was ready when he got there, and after finishing their homework the kids watched TV for awhile. Lois got Nick to help her with the dishes, thereby continuing to keep him occupied until they would both have time to sit down and check their e-mail. Finally the kids were off showering and getting ready for bed. Nick sat down at the desk, killed the screen saver, and started to bring up EarthLink. Since Lois did not want to seem overly eager, or too out of character, she busied herself around the front room until he had brought up Netscape mail. Not knowing how many e-mail messages there would be and which one was from Stella, Lois casually passed by the desk slowly enough to spot the one she cared about. After that, she just kept an eye on his progress through the first 8 messages. Finely, when Stella's was the next one after the one Nick was reading at the moment, Lois went over and stood beside him at the desk, putting her arm around his shoulder.

"What the hell is this?" expounded Nick after opening the e-mail and realizing they had received an erotic story.

As he moved the mouse up to the delete button, Lois said, "Wait a minute honey, let's see what it looks like. "

"You want a read an erotic story?"

"Well, yeah. I like a good erotic story. Don't you?" Lois had a mischievous twinkle in her eye as she asked that. "Why don't you print it out and we'll sit on the couch and read it together."

Giving his wife an incredulous look Nick replied, "Okay, Mrs. Pious Pornographer. You go check on the kids."

Nick was on the couch with the printed pages sitting in his lap when Lois returned. She snuggled up next to him on the couch with her feet up and her knees bent toward him. "The kids are already asleep and I shut their door. How about if we each read every other page out loud?"

Now looking even more dumbfounded Nick asked, "What is this, Lois, some kind of a game?"

"Oh, come on, Nick. It'll make it more fun. I'll start. " And with that, she picked up the first page and began reading. She knew this story well, having read it a number of times. The first sexy part occurred in the 4th paragraph of the second chapter. Even though that part occurred at the bottom of her page, and continued a little bit on the second page, she read to the end of the paragraph. She placed her warm right hand on his thigh as she read the final words, "... more difficult for Jeff to hide his very prominent erection from this beautiful woman standing before him in nothing but a towel. "

Even after she handed Nick page 2 for him to continue, it took the little cajoling before he started reading self-consciously. By the end of page 2 the sexual tension in the story was really increasing; and that was true also for Lois. She had begun rubbing her hand up-and-down his thigh as he read. It wasn't the story that was getting to her, although that was part of her excitement, it was wondering if there would be any differences in their lovemaking later. Probably it was too soon to hope for that. But Williams wrote extremely woman-friendly stories. It was always possible that Nick would feel no need to change his style. If that happened, it would be up to her to communicate to him that she wanted to try some of the stuff they would be reading. But in the meantime she was going to hope for the best.

As it turned out, the first time the story talked about eating pussy she was doing the reading again. She made sure to let her voice indicate her heightened excitement, and removed her right hand from Nick's thigh long enough to press it against her own heated crotch. Nick didn't say anything, but she knew he noticed. She put her hand back on his thigh. By the end of her third page of reading the woman in the story had already had one orgasm from the guys hands and tongue. The towel was no longer anywhere near her and she was lying on the kitchen table, ass conveniently at the edge, and the guy was sitting on the chair between her soft thighs, lapping at her post-orgasmic pussy slowly and softly. Now it was Nick's turn to read page 4.

"Repositioning Carol to stand by the table, bent over it, with her arms and chest on the table and her delicious ass pointing toward him, he knelt down behind her, placing kisses on her upper thighs and the cheeks of her ass. His hands were roaming all over her body as he bestowed his kisses. When he felt that he had paid enough tribute to this glorious present he was receiving, he pushed his face into her center. After licking up-and-down her shaved slit of few times with a very wet tongue, he proceeded to lick all the way up her ass ending at the small of her back." Nick paused for a moment, then said, "This guy really writes about that a lot!"

Lois, all innocence, asked, "Writes of lot about what?"

"All this licking stuff. He makes it sound like everybody does it. Well, everybody doesn't."

"But honey, would you feel the same way if she was licking him? Using her lips and tongue on the end of his big, hard cock? Stroking him with her hot hands. Cupping his swollen balls and massaging them. Sucking him into the back of her throat? Waiting for him to start spurting his come for her to swallow?" Now her hand was slowly rubbing up-and-down his cock, which was clearly responding.

"That's different, Lois."

"Why is it different?" Lois asked in a quiet voice.

"Well, it just is."

"Is it because there's something wrong with our vaginas? Or is it because it's right next to our rectums?"

"It's just different, Lois, that's all."

Feeling that she had pushed enough for one night, Lois dropped the subject and urged Nick to continue reading. By the end of his page the girl had had another orgasm, the guy was lying on the floor, she had impaled herself on his still stiff cock, and was holding his head up to her left breast while she rotated her ass in circles, driving him crazy. As soon as Nick handed her page 5, which was the last page, he put his left arm around her shoulders and with his right hand began massaging her right breast and nipple. By the end of her page his right hand was up under her dress, doing a nice job of massaging her pussy through her now wet panties. When they finally went to bed, the lovemaking was better than usual but Lois attributed that primarily to the excitement built up by reading together.

It was two more days, Thursday, to be exact, before "Stella" sent them a second erotic story by the same author. Again they read it aloud to each other. Nick wasn't quite so hesitant about the reading this time. In this story, Williams had the woman give the guy a blow job until he came in her mouth. It didn't take long because the guy was extremely excited. She knew that, and knew he couldn't last very long the first time.

She was fingering herself while sucking on his 'good-sized hunk of man meat,' so she was quite wet. As soon as he finished coming in her warm mouth she immediately got down on her hands and knees, facing away from him, lowered her head and shoulders to the floor, arched her ass up at him as only a woman can do, and told a her eager stud to fuck her cunt. Being young, he had no trouble staying hard. She was rubbing her clit with one hand while he was glorying in the site of his cock sliding in and out of her hot pussy, and the ripples her ass made each time he banged into her.

Pulling off of him after her second orgasm she led him into the front room and had him lay down on the couch; glistening cock still stiff and pointing up. She got on the couch on top of him and immediately took his cock, slick with her tasty juices, into her mouth. Then she slowly lowered her still-smoldering cunt down over his mouth. He could feel the heat emanating from her and smell her excitement. He stuck his tongue out and stiffened it so that when her pussy lowered the last few inches, his tongue went right up her hole like a little cock. When Nick, who was reading at the time, got to this part he said, "You know, they never mention all these people washing!"
