 Scott Logan was standing in the crush of people at the bar when he felt somebody shove something into his back pocket. He turned around to see who it was, but it could have been any one of about eleven people. Just then the bartender asked him what he wanted to drink. With a cold beer in hand Logan went back to the corner table he and his friends had staked out. As he sat down he remembered to check out what had been shoved into his pocket. He reached back and pulled out a pair of panties. They were black, lacey and a bit damp. "Damn," he thought, "where did these come from?"

"Jeez, Logan you weren't gone that long! Where did you get those?"

"They were handing them out at the bar."

"Fess up, which bridesmaid did you screw?"

"Bridesmaid? Hell, it was the bride!"

While his friends continued the conversation Logan scanned the crowd again. It could have been a bridesmaid. He kind of hoped it was.

The band started another set and couples filled the dance floor. The guests mingled and eventually Logan found himself at a table between two bridesmaids; Mattie and Laura. He directed his attention to Laura, but it was obvious she was interested in the guy on her other side, so he turned to Mattie. She sat patiently watching him with one eyebrow raised in question and a hint of a smile. Logan had known Mattie a couple of years, and he really liked her, but he had doubted he was her type. She was well into her drink and she was listing a bit towards him.

"Do you want to dance?"

"I was hoping I wouldn't have to ask you!"

As he followed her to the dance floor Logan admired the way Mattie's ass moved as she walked. She had lovely long legs too, which the short skirt on her strapless dress did nothing to hide. As he moved her across the floor, Logan was surprised at how light on her feet Mattie was-even while tipsy.

After the song, they returned to the table and began catching up. At one point Mattie leaned forward to tell Logan a story and her dress gaped enough to give Logan an excellent view of her cleavage. When the situation in Logan's pants became uncomfortable he suggested, "Want to go get some fresh air?"

"Mmmhmm."

She followed him out the door and they ambled across the fairgrounds to a grassy spot on the far side of one of the buildings where they sat down. She closed her eyes and lifted her chin, letting the moonlight shine on her face and her bare shoulders. They sat close together but not quite touching. Logan could feel electricity between them. While they visited, Logan admired Mattie's toenail polish, idly wondering if he should make a move or wait for her; she had to be feeling the electricity too. Mattie drained the rest of her drink then turned to look at him. Logan met her gaze and they looked at each other for a minute or more. It was kind of weird, more personal than he would have thought, but it was comfortable. Then she raised her eyebrow. That was all the invitation it took.

Logan leaned in to kiss her. She smelled like roses and sunshine; fresh. When their kiss broke, she leaned over and stuck her nose into his collarbone and inhaled a ragged breath. "Mmm," she sighed, "earthy, with a hint of horse sweat underneath."

They kissed again, this time with more urgency. He put his left arm around her and tangled his fingers in her hair, pulling her close to him. He held her face gently with his right hand. Mattie removed his cowboy hat, setting it out of the way on its crown. Her hands slid down to his hips, pulling him closer to her. She shifted so she was sitting across his lap and began to unbutton his shirt, moving her kisses downward as she got each button undone. When she got to the third button she pushed him down so he was lying on his back. She straddled him and continued down his chest and stomach until she got to his pants where she fumbled with his belt buckle and the snap on his Wranglers. Logan spent this time admiring Mattie's cleavage as she moved down his body.              She slid his jeans and boxers down his thighs and nuzzled her face next to his penis then she helped him kick out of his boots and jeans. She licked the end of his penis then drew it into her mouth swirling her tongue around the head. Her hands stroked him below while her tongue teased above.

Logan absently ran his hand up and down Mattie's leg under her skirt while he enjoyed her attentions. She shifted and got tangled up in her skirts. "I've got to get out of this damn dress!"

He obliged by sliding the zipper down and watching her bare breasts fall from the strapless dress. As she wiggled out of the dress Logan was relieved to see she wasn't wearing panties either. He had the right woman! She bent over his face and he took one of her nipples in his mouth, gently biting her. She moaned. He bit harder, she gasped. "You like that?" 

"Oh, yeah," she said.

Logan slid a hand down her side to her ass then he reached around front and plunged his fingers into her, eliciting another gasp then a moan as he pulled them forward across her G-spot and through her labia. When he found her clit he lingered and teased it with his fingers. Mattie trembled and squirmed but he still had her nipple in his mouth so she couldn't do anything about it.

"I want to stand you on your head and eat you like a snow-cone," Logan hissed in her ear. He rolled her onto her back. Mattie shivered as he worked his way down her body and proceeded to use his tongue and teeth to bring her to a climax. She came explosively in Logan's mouth.

"Damn, woman!"

"Sorry, that happens when I am really turned on."

"Don't be sorry, that was amazing."

"I need you inside me." Mattie rolled Logan onto his back again.

Mattie kissed him as she slid her body down on him, catching her breath as he entered her. They moved together in rhythm, her breasts dangling in front of his face. He reached up to capture them in his hands. With a few quick movements Mattie inhaled sharply and cried out. Logan enjoyed the sensation of her body contracting around his, and then he straightened one of her legs and rolled himself on top of her.

As she hooked her heels around his hips he slid his hands up her arms, moving them above her head. Logan held her wrists, putting his weight on them so she was effectively trapped under him. Mattie arched her back clearly enjoying the sensation of powerlessness. Logan pumped into her and she moved with him. He could feel his balls slap her ass in the night air. With a handful of powerful thrusts he climaxed too. He released her hands as he collapsed on her. She reached around and ran her fingernails gently up and down his back while he regained his breath. 

Mattie curled up in Logan's arms enjoying the afterglow. "What are you thinking?" he whispered.

"I bet I have grass stains on my ass."

"It's dark, nobody will notice."

When the breeze turned cool they began collecting their things. Logan zipped Mattie into her dress then she retrieved his hat while he dressed himself.

"Your hair is completely wrecked."

"Yours is too, Princess," said Logan as he gently pulled some grass out of her curls.

Mattie fluffed her hair with one hand, "How do I look?"

Logan regarded her carefully, "Like someone just fucked your brains out."

She laughed, "That's going to be hard to disguise."

Logan backed her up against the building and kissed her again. Mattie hooked a leg up around his hip and he ran his hand up under her skirt.

"Hey! You guys don't have time to do that again, they're waiting on the bridesmaid so they can finish taking pictures," came a deep voice from the dark.

Mattie and Logan turned at the same time to look into the dark then at each other and busted out laughing.

Mattie looked great in the pictures even if her hair was a bit askew; you could almost say her skin glowed, and her smile? Completely genuine.