 If you enter my office, the first thing you are bound to notice is my secretary Laxmi. She sits right outside my cabin facing the main door and has been refusing to be moved from there.

You will notice her not just because she is out there in the front, but because she has a personality and body which no one can ignore. She is petite and very fair, has large black eyes and jet black hair. She can say so many things with her eyes, just looking at you. That is why a shy person like me... But wait, let me not get ahead of the story.

The next thing(s) which you are bound to notice depends on whether she is standing or sitting, and whether she is facing you or has turned around. You know what I mean. Well, now let's move on...

One Sunday afternoon, I was alone in the office. I had been away on tour for almost a week and had returned only the previous evening. Usually, when I work on a holiday - which I often do - I lock the outer office door and work in my cabin. I have a rather large couch in the inner area of my cabin to rest when I feel tired. 

But that day I had left the outer door open on purpose for I was waiting for my secretary. The previous evening, when she was leaving, I had requested her to come on Sunday to attend to some urgent work. 

As I sat there, going through the pile of papers on my table, I saw a shadow on my table and looked up to see my secretary Laxmi, peerping through the cabin door. As I looked at her she said, "May I come in, sir?"

"Please come in, Laxmi," I said, "I have called you for some personal work today." I said. 

What I did not say aloud was that she was welcome any time. She was a watcher's delight and, every day as she sat in the outer office, I watch her beautiful behind whole day through the one way glass of my cabin. I get to see the front view, only when she comes in :). Her presence always excites me sexually. I had sensed that she felt the same in my presence. However, matters had not progressed beyond flirting when our fingertips touched during the course of work, sending electrifying waves to my brain, which my wife says, is located in my groin:) When this incident happened, Laxmi had been with me for six months, minus the 1 month leave she had taken recently and had joined only a week back.

Now as she entered my cabin, her pallu slipped a few inches down from one shoulder. I realized that she was wearing a beautifully embroidered bra under her semitransparent white silk blouse. The edges of the bra and spaghetti thin elastic straps formed a beautiful pattern, and were visible through the thin transluscent blouse material. 

"I learnt from the office staff that you often come alone to office on Sundays." Laxmi said. "You wanted to meet me alone?"

"Yes. Please lock the door, so that we are not disturbed and then take a seat." I invited her. She turned the key in the lock without a question and came and sat in front of me, resting her elbows on my tabletop and joining her fingers under her chin. This way I had a closer view of her white-clad boobs - one was partially hidden under the pallu but the beautiful pattern on the other one was now clearly visible at close range. 

She saw where I was looking, and her eyes quickly looked down at her own bosom. But without making any move to lift the pallu back in its position she looked back with smouldering eyes straight in my eyes. She knew I was watching her breasts and she was clearly challenging me to squeeze them. With that glance, that moment I knew that she and I were going to be fulfledged lovers before we left office that afternoon. This immediately set things rolling.

"Laxmi," I began, and surprisingly my voice had become a little hoarse, "You remember what you had said when you had come to me to ask for the month's leave?"

"Ofcourse, I do. I rember how I blurted out to you the real reason for the leave. I had come when all the staff had left and you were sitting alone in your cabin that evening too." answered Laxmi. Her eyes flashed electric sparks, and the silky smooth pallu slid further down her shoulder. This way, I had visual access to the pattern on the other round beauty too. "those days I was getting frequently pregnant, almost every time I had unprotected ...." She left the phrase unuttered "I wanted to get tubectomy done and wanted leave from the office."

"That is exactly what I want to discuss with you today. I want my wife Pam to undergo the same operation, but I have some apprehensions. I want to know some facts about a woman's sex life after the operation. Since I do not know any one who can give me first hand experience, I thought of you. Do you mind discussing?" I began. For a second, I thought she might tell me to consult a gynec.

"With you I am willing to discuss every thing about it. I myself had some apprehensions, and had discussions with my ...partners." I noticed the use of plural in the last word.

"I need information on some very intimate topics..." I said, feeling happy that she had not outright rejected the discussion.

"Sir, with you I am ready to share intimate matters." My secretary's answer was more than encouraging.

"Laxmi, thanks again. I feel very comfortable discussing my sex life with you. To start with, my wife too gets pregnant every time I have unprotected ... intercourse with her." I used the word she had left unuttered. Color started rising in her cheeks and I could feel the discussion was exciting her as much as it was exciting me. 

"So do I." she dropped her voice to a confidential whisper. But her cheeks were now a rosy pink and her eyes were sparkling with excitement. "I enjoy the direct contact of ..." again she left the word unuttered again.

She announced in the conspiratorial tone again. "There is nothing more pleasurable than the direct feel of ..." she again left the words unuttered but the meaning was not unsaid.

"There were times when I used condoms with Pam many times when we were young college-going students..." I was saying, but Laxmi had caught on to the real meaning of my sentence. She interruped with,

"Oh, so just like I did, your wife too had started before marriage?" she seemed to be excited by the idea.

"Yes, but it was only with me." I said. A look of obvious disbelief came over Laxmi's face. 

I continued, "But the same can't be said of me; she wasn't the only one I had before marriage. I had other women much before I started with her. My first one was with a matured lady, when I was only fourteen years of age. Before that I had regularly explored our anatomy with a couple of boys."

"Like you, I too started in teen-age" she volunteered. "But," she then asked, "how can you be sure that Pam did not have her urge taken care of by some one before you?"

"I just know it." I replied. 

"How did it happen?"

"I want to ask you some questions about your sex life before and after the operation." I interrupted, avoiding to bring my wife further in to this discussion, any more than was absolutely essential.

"Please do ask me what you want to ask."

"Laxmi, I can guess that you had a very strong sex urge right from your young age, and you yourself told me you were having it before marriage; now has your sex urge decreased due to the operation? Because, that is one thing I do not want to happen to Pam. I need her every night at least once." I said.

"Oh, no sir, my sexual urge has not at all decreased, on the other hand it has increased several fold. Because now I can have it any time, any where, with any one, without fear of getting pregnant. And I don't miss a single opportunity." Laxmi declared.

"Laxmi, tell me," I noticed the words 'any one'. I decided it was high time to take the initiative that in most cases, even a sexually aroused female wants the male to take. All of a sudden I leaned forward across the table and inserted my index and middle finger underneath her blouse and bra; I felt the soft yet taut, fair surface of her boob, but withdrew my hand quickly before she could react. Although my movements were a surprise to her, her body had reacted involuntarily and thrust her breast forward in anticipation. As I quickly withdrew my hand a gasp escaped her half-parted lips, it seemed more out of disappointment than surprise.

"I think an insect, most probably an ant, has entered your bra. But it moved deeper, before I could catch it."

"My god!" she exclaimed, "what will I do now? What if the ant bites my soft breasts. You must have felt how soft I am there." It was obvious that she was responding to my ploy positively.

"We will have to look deeper under your bra to catch it." I said.

"Please look whereever you think it is necessary to look - but please remove the insect, please." she begged and inserting her hand under her blouse bra began searching. 

I got up from my chair and walked over so that I was behind her chair. She leaned backwards and looked at me with her head thrown back. I held her small but firm boobs in my palms and started feeling under the fabric.

"I will check both your breasts simultaneously," I said, "so that it should not run from one to the other as I try to catch it."

"This is a very good idea," said Laxmi, "please take both of them and check thoroughly."

I cupped both her boobs in my palms and started rubbing them gently. However, I did not touch the area of her nipples directly.

"Did you catch it?" she asked, "please catch it as early as possible."

"I think the fabric is coming in the way..." I said.

"Then remove it forthwith," she gave me full permission. 

Standing close to her, and with her face turned up towards me, I noticed a tiny mole on her upper lip. Her lips were half parted and her breathing had become faster. My own breathing had become rather heavy in anticipation of the promise of the wonderful afternoon of sex awaiting me.

Suddenly I placed my lips on hers and put only a slight pressure on them. This again was not anticipated by her. In the brief second she realized that I was kissing her, her lips had already started reacting involuntarily by pressing back against my lips. The moment I felt the pressure of her responding lips I removed my lips, once again leaving her panting with desire.

"Sorry, Laxmi," I said, "I mistook the mole for the ant. I thought the ant had realized that it had left your sweet lips untouched before proceeding in to your bra, and realizing its mistake had come back to taste the wonderful honey on your lips."

"And how did you know my lips were sweet?" asked the darling fluttering her eye lashes.

"I just tasted them." I said smiling.

"And how did you know what the ant wanted?" she asked again in a low husky voice.

"I think it is a male ant, judging from its eagerness to get into your bra," I replied, "and I know what a male, any male would think about your body... exactly what I myself as a male would love to do with your body..."

"Then tell me what would be your... I mean the male ant's... next move?" Laxmi invited me into further action. Without a word, I instantly moved my hands to her pallu and removing it out of my way, undid all the buttons on her blouse. My action was so quick, she was left gasping. Then slowly and deliberately, I pushed the two open front pieces of her blouse aside, and pushing them a few inches off her beautiful round shoulders, started examining her bra-clad breasts methodically. 

An exotic perfume filled my nostrils. She must have applied it under her arms. I touched the skin between her clevage tentatively with my fingers and then moved them all over her bra as if feeling for the wandering insect. Blood rushed to her cheeks. I bent forward to get a better view and my cheek almost touched hers. A few stray curls of her hair which had come loose from her braid brushed against my cheek. Very tenderly I squeezed her boobs.

"Please check them thoroughly," she whispered, "I am really scared of insects."

Without warning, I caught hold of her blouse fronts and quickly and roughly pushed them back and down. She responded with a small yelp of excitement, saying,

"How violent you were after all the tender squeezing, I felt as if some one was undressing me to rape me..." But the manner in which she said it would have encouraged any prospective rapist! She raised herself from the chair, so that I could slide the blouse down her arms. In doing so her boobs jutted forward and outward. I took off her blouse it had the exhilirating mixture of the scent of the sweat from her armpits and the scent she had applied.

I caught her upturned chin and once again placed my lips on hers. This time her response was quick and complete. Before I had time to pull back, she started a very wet and passionate kiss. Losing control, I too started kissing back with equal fervour. Our lips curled against each other and tiny sounds escaped at intervals from our moist mouths. I started moving my palms over her shoulders, which were now naked except for the bra straps. I traced the straps down to the bra cups. Her boobs were not as large and as full as my wife Pam's, but they were much more perky and hard. It has always surprised me that hard boobs have very soft skin. I moved my hands all around them and then squeezed them again. She let go a sigh of desire and slumped back against me.

I moved my hands down towards her flat belly and started circling her navel in a slow gentle motion.

She abruptly shifted away from me disengaging our kiss.

"Did you get what you wanted form my lips ... the ant?" she asked with a smile.

"No, not yet," I replied, "I think after tasting your lips, it must have gone deeper to lick your tongue."

"It's possible, but I have another idea. Supposing it was not a male ant, but a female one then...?" Laxmi's eyes were twinkling as she too started contributing to this overt sex-play with me. "Then it could have jumped on you when you came close...now I am in a position to predict what any female would want to do with your body."

"And what would you, I mean the female ant like to do to my body?" I asked encouragingly.

"If I were the female ant, I would have jumped on to your chest, when you held me so tightly from behind after taking off my blouse." she replied, then added, "Now I will take off your shirt and see that she is not heading to nibble your nipples, for that is what I would certainly do if given a chance."

With this she moved out of the chair, with a flurry of her dropped pallu showing me her beautiful slim feminine figure. Her behind was flared slightly at the hips. I had a full erection by this time, and she glanced directly at my trouser front while closing in with me.

After she had unbuttoned a couple of my shirt buttons, she inserted her palm inside and started caressing my chest, whilst she murmured, "The female ant must have got excited in the shrubbery here." Now it was my turn to gasp with excitement as she lightly touched the auriola around my nipples. Her own lips twisted with anticipation as her fingers reached one nipple. I reached down and put my hand over her exposed waist and started caressing it. 

At this she looked up at me; her light brown eyes were filled with a simple, pure, unashamed but innocent desire for sex with me; it may sound strange to call the desire for sex 'innocent' but that is the only word I can think of for what I saw in her eyes. As she confessed truthfully, she had a more than average sexual urge and she did not find anything amoral in having it satisfied from another woman's husband in the office, or from 'any one and any where', as she put it, for that matter. On my part I too was just like her and whole-heartedly had sexual union with any sex partner who was willing.

"I don't want to let the ant, if it is a male, enter your sari, while you are busy checking my chest." I explained.

Distracted, she let go of my nipple and completed unbuttoning my shirt.

"Do you think it will enter my sari?" she asked, when the last button was off.

"You don't know how very attractive your sexy waist is for a male." I countered as my hand went further ahead into the folds of her sari. She responded by thursting both her hands on my chest and gripping each of my nipple between the forefinger and thumb of each of her hand. As she did this she raised her face and looked up at me longingly. The next moment we were kissing like mad. This time she opened her mouth and my tongue went into it tasting the salty taste of her mouth. Our tongues met hungrily, twisting and coiling against each other like two snakes making love.

I moved my hands holding her just above the buns and held her tightly pressing her crotch against mine. She too moved closer and pressed her crotch and moved it against my erection. I responded by dipping my hands under her sari at the back and top of her panties and felt the rising slope of her buns.

She disentangled quickly at that. 

"Could it have reached there?" she asked with mock fear.

"I must remove your sari to know that." I answered.

"Then what are you waiting for?" she asked.

"Well, if you were my wife, I would have had you fully naked by now. But is it not better to take permission, before undressing another man's wife?" I said.

"Not when your intention is to catch an ant offending her modesty and on such an occasion you can make her totally naked." she replied, smiling in that innocent way of hers.

With this I brought my hand to the front of her waist and pulled out the end of sari that was tucked under her petticoat. She twisted around so that I could unwind her sari from her torso. Soon it was lying in a heap on my table.

I ran my hands all around her and checked for the 'ant'. Lastly, I cupped her buns in my palms and started caressing them.

"What if the female has entered your trousers...?" she asked. And without my permission, put her hand on my trouser belt.

"Hey, you are going ahead of me. That is not fair." I said.

"How do you mean ahead?" she asked.

"See my chest is already bare, if you remove my trousers, I shall have only my shorts on me. Whereas you still have bra on and a petticoat above your panties."

"Okay, then don't waste time. Otherwise the ant will accomplish what it wants before you even reach there." she said smiling naughtily.

I started reaching for the cords of her petticoat, but she held my hand and said, "First make me like you... bare-chested and check it all."

"Fair enough." I said and turning her around reached for the clasp at the back of her bra. But at the last minute I changed my mind and hugging her from behind placed my hands on the cords of her peticoat again and said,

"Laxmi, a sexy woman usually matches her bra with the panty, should they not be viewed together? Let me open your peticoat first." I had started feeling her thighs with my hands as I said this. I could feel the smooth skin all over the front and back of her thighs through the thin silk fabric of her peticoat. But I was unable to trace the edge of her panty through the fabric! Was she not wearing a panty? Hurriedly I felt all over again, but no panty inside.

"Now I realize you are the expert in undressing females, only a man with lots of experience with women will know how we dress underneath" she surrendered, "do as you think fit; but catch the insect before it finds my p..."

"Actually, I think I shall change my mind and go for the bra clasp first..." I started saying, but she interrupted with a short laugh and said,

"What you are thinking is wrong, do open my petticoat first, you will get a surprise."

Now I did not want to see her lower half naked before taking off her bra. I enjoy foreplay and wanted to arouse her before making her nude for a full-fledged session. But since she had guessed my thoughts and still wanted me to go ahead, I decided to do it her way. After all she was as much, if not more, experienced in these matters as I was.
