 It was a Sunday afternoon. I was in my office with my secretary Laxmi. We had just finished a really wonderful 69, and now lay naked side by side caressing each others bodies.

"Boss," she said as she lazily ran her finger in circles around my nipple, "You said that your wife Pam had sex before marriage..."

"Only with me..." I corrected her.

"That is exactly what I want to know. When a girl born and brought up in a decent family lets her boy-friend fuck her before marriage, the conclusion is that she has a strong sexual urge. Like you and I have. And we did not stop at one person, now did we?" Laxmi reasoned. "You may not be aware of the other men in her life. How can you trust her word?"

"You see it is not a question of trust at all, it is a question of love." I tried to explain her. "She let me do it to her before marriage, because she loves me so much. She has never told me - she had no need to tell me - that she had not slept with any one."

"This is beyond me..." admitted Laxmi.

"And then will it confuse you more if I tell you that she has had sex with one more person other than me..." I had started saying, when Laxmi interjected with-

"See you admit it..."

"Not only admit it, but I made it happen." I said non-chalantly.

"You, what?" Laxmi was incredulous.

"Ok, let me start from the beginning." I said. "On our tenth wedding anniversary we decided to go for a 'honey-moon.' We had not gone on a vacation for a long time. We went to this fabulous beach resort. It is located on a small hill, a modern multi-storeyed building with all facilities. But the beach was close by, and it was clean.

"We arrived there towards evening. While we were checking in, another couple arrived - a six and a half feet tall Sikh with his equally impressive wife. The moment they entered, my eyes went to the wife and I found her looking at me with interest. I looked at the Sikh and found him looking directly at Pam. And when I looked at Pam, I found her blushing and looking at the floor.

"We were taken to the our suite on the twelfth floor. While the bell boy was showing us our room, the Sikhs followed us in another lift and another bell boy ushered them in to a room right next to ours.

"We washed and changed and went to the pool side restaurant on the ground floor, only to find the Sikhs already sitting at a table. As luck would have it all other tables were taken, the only unoccupied table being right next to them, we went and occupied it.

"While we ordered and the soup arrived, I was looking at the Sardaran, the Sardar was looking at Pam and the Sardaran was looing at me and Pam was looking at her soup!

"All of a sudden Pam gave a small yelp. She had dropped a spoonful of hot soup on her dress. She immediately stood up. It was a brand new white dress and she was horrified at the red stain on the thigh of her dress. She excused herself saying she had to go and immediately change. She couldn't bear the thought of such a beautiful dress ruined. She hurriedly went towards the lift bank.

"She had hardly taken a few steps when the Sardar got up and saying something to his wife, left towards the lift too.

"I turned my attention to the Sardaran, who was now openly giving me the 'come hither' look. So I went over to her table and said, 'We are from Bangalore.' 

" 'We are from Delhi.' She smiled. Her full dark pink lips parted to show perfect white teeth.

" 'We are on the same floor as you.' I continued.

" 'In adjacent suites.' she flashed her bewitching smile once again. '...and the Sardar goes for a jog for atleast one hour every morning at six o'clock.' she added.

" 'I will be there.' I ventured smiling at her and returned to my table well before Pam arrived. When Pam came, she looked all pink and excited. The moment she sat down, she said, " 'You know what happened now?' she asked, 'that Sardar tried to catch me in the lift.'

" 'What?' I exclaimed. 'What happened exactly?'

" 'I had just entered the lift and he too came in after me. We were both alone in the lift. To avoid his lusty gaze, I half-turned my face away from him. As soon as the doors closed and the lift started moving, he simply embraced me from behind.' she said breathlessly. But I sensed more of excitement on her face than anger or fear.

" 'He is very, very strong. The way he held me I could not move a muscle. He held me so tight.' Pam said.

" 'Why didn't you kick or scream?' I asked.

" 'I was so shocked. I never imagined any one doing such a thing to me.' Pam said, 'he was so rough, he... he...' she paused and then said, 'he felt me all over, front, back, down, everywhere. If the lift had not stopped at 5th floor, and a waiter come in with a trolley, he would certainly have done something with me.' Color was again rising in her cheeks and she looked very, very attractive. Only sexually aroused women look as attractive.

" 'Shall I tell the management, call the police? Such people must be punished.' I offered, myself aroused by her arousal coupled with the excitement caused by the invitation from the Sardar's wife.

" 'No, don't.' she said hurriedly. 'why spoil our entire vacation. After all he could not do much to me.' Pam forced herself to smile. It appeared, asking me not to call the police made her seem awkward.

We quickly finished our meal. The Sardar had not arrived to the table till we had left.

While returning to our suite we were alone in the lift. I found her rather excited, so I held her close to me and she responded immediately. Her excitement really turned me on. She was blushing and her whole body had come live. The Sardar's hand had touched her everywhere, she had said. I pictured the Sardar holding her boobs in one hand and forcing his other hand in her sari. Thinking about how he must have held her, I did the same and she responded by kissing me. Luckily no one entered the lift and when we got to our floor, the corridor was empty. We crossed it with our arms around each other and giving and taking small quick kisses and touching each other's bodies.

The moment we were in our suite, I lifted her and carried her to the bed. I raised her sari and petticoat together and pulled down her panties. I slid down my trousers to my knees.She had already spread herself and guided the tip of my cock in herself quickly. The Sardar's touch had done the job of foreplay and she was totally wet. I was quite rough and humped her as if I was raping her. She obviously loved the roughness of my touch and instead of the normal loving murmur in my ear she cried out loud and scratched my back.

Afterwards we undressed each other completely and later she got on top of me and fucked me with abandon, uttering filthy things rather loudly in a husky voice. Exhausted by all this we slept like two babies in each others arms. 

I was woken by the soft ping of my wrist watch. It was semidark. Faint light was streaming in through the large french windows which opened on the terrace outside.

Gently I extricated myself from Pam's entangled arms and legs. She just grunted and fell asleep again. By constitution I was an early bird and she was a late owl.

Silently, I showered and put on a track suit and exactly at five minutes past six, entered the corridor pulling the door quietly behind me.

With a thumping heart I knocked lightly on the adjoining door. I heard a slight movement on the other side. Almost instantly the door opened partly and the Sardaran asked me to quickly come in. She was dressed in a transparent negligee. The moment I entered she shut the door and we embraced.

" 'How long does the Sardar take his jog?' I asked.

" 'Oh don't worry, he is not gone for a jog.'

" 'What do you mean? Is he here?'

" 'No, not here. He has gone into your suite via the balcony as soon as we heard you come out in the corridor.'

" 'In my suite...' I was incredulous.

" 'Yeah, he wants to rape your wife.'

I was speechless. She took my hand and led me out on to the wide balcony which was just next to the balcony outside our suite. It was still relatively dark outside.

She started climbing the low balustrade and her gown rode all the way up. In the climbing movement her pussy had opened wide and was glistening in the semi-darkness. I put my hand forward and felt her pussy. She giggled. Her pussy was all sticky. I automatically smelt my hand, it was a man's - the Sardar's - ample cum. 

" 'He fucked me just before six o'clock.' she said. 'But come let us see what he does to your wife.' With this she climbed and jumped lightly in our section of the balcony. I followed suit.

We reached the wide french windows. Last night I had moved the curtains and opened the window to let in fresh air and in the dim light we could make out the form of the Sardar standing in the centre of the room.

He was not wearing his turban but had tied his hair on top of his head in a bunch with a ribbon. He had also removed the net and his beard was now free. He had already removed his loin cloth and thrown it on the floor. He was stark naked. He stood to his full six and a half feet height and his huge dong, easily a foot long, stood out quite clearly against the backdrop of the pale colored wall beyond.

Pam was sleeping curled up on her side. She too was naked after out night's love-making. Her pale skin glowed in the increasing light filtering in from the window.

" 'He always takes the woman he wants.' the Sardaran whispered in my ear. She touched my crotch and felt my excitement. She moved the zipper and released my cock from the shackling garments. 'A woman may resist him in the beginning but simply loves it when he has finished with her.' she informed me.

The Sardar moved with the stealth and speed of a tiger. He sat down on the bed beside Pam and turned her on her back. Pam woke up and half sat up with a start after seeing it was not me but the Sardar. But he placed a huge paw on her mouth and with the other hand, forced her back on the bed. Then with equal ease he pried open her thighs with the free hand. She tried to struggle but was like putty in his hands. He moved over the bed, the muscles could be felt than seen in his massive haunches. He positioned himself in between in her thighs, one palm still on her mouth. His buttocks tightened as he raised his back. The huge penis was angled at her wide open crotch. He guided it with his hand and with a mighty thurst forced his entire cock in her tiny little pussy right up to its hilt.

Pam writhed on the bed and a muffled long cry escaped her mouth. He held her down with ease by his weight. He lay motionless on top of her for a while. She had earlier put her hands involuntarily on his shoulders to push him away. Now slowly as the shock weared off and she felt the Sardar's massive cock filling her inside, her fingers relaxed and she placed her palms on his shoulders as if in caress.

The Sardar started moving, he took one or two slow swings and then he started moving with great power and speed. He pulled his dong out to the maximum possible extent without letting the tip slip outside and went on like the rod of a steam engine.

Outside on the balcony the Sardaran pulled up her gown and bent over resting herself on a chair which was on the balcony in such a manner that she was facing the window. Without a word I entered her pussy doggystyle which was all slippery with the Sardars's cum. This way we could watch the action inside while fucking ourselves. My attention was still on the Sardar rape-fucking my wife and I was moving my cock rather slowly in the Sardaran's pussy.

Once the Sardar felt that Pam now wanted him, he removed the palm covering her mouth. She started moaning loudly. The Sardar continued pumping her steadily. Pam's moans grew louder and louder with each of his thrusts. Her hands clasped him tightly. Her whole body started shaking violently as she came loudly.

I started moving with greater speed inside the Sardaran now. She also started moaning.

Light was growing now. I could clearly see my wife being wildly fucked on the bed where I had fucked her only last night. Her climaxing had no effect on the Sardar at all. The Sardar had not slowed down even a bit. He kept on steadily thumping her. Slick, slurpy sounds started emanating from their frenzied organs.

Outside, we were in a frenzy too. I came inside the Sardaran's already fucked pussy. She too came quickly this being her second time within half an hour.

Pam's moaning started all over again, only this time it was louder. Her nails scratched deeply leaving bloody trails down the Sardar's back.

The Sardar continued his thrusts unabated.

I and the Sardaran disengaged and stood outside the window watching the spectacle.

Pam started on her third climax. Her legs started drumming the bed. She bit the Sardar on his shoulder. Her moaning grew into cries. The Sardar's bulk too started shuddering, and after many low grunts he lay still on top of her. Her hands held him fast to her. She circled the legs around his torso and held him into her.

The dawn was breaking outside. The Sardaran signalled to me. Silently we climbed back and went to her room.

I was really thrilled to see my wife being raped. I tidied up my clothes and planting a thank you kiss on the Sardaran's lips moved out. I sauntered to the lobby of the hotel to allow the Sardar time to get back to his room. I returned to our suite in fifteen minutes time.

When I entered the room. Pam was sleeping contentedly. I undressed and joined her on the bed. The movement woke her. She lazily put her arms around me. She seemed so contented and happy. I kissed her gently. A strong odour of semen mixed with her own cum was emanating from her. I moved my hand to her crotch. Her pussylips were swollenas I had never seen before. My fingers slipped in her vagina. I moved them back and forth for a while. The caressing movement evoked a response from Pam. I slid down and brought my mouth to her pussy. This excited her no end. She held my head in her thighs, while I started nibbling on her clit. I smeared my fingers in the juices in her pussy and inserted them in her anus. She let out sounds which excited me too. I put my mouth on her pussy and started drawing out the fresh cum lodged there by the Sardar. When I had drawn enough, I moved up and started kissing her on the mouth. Her tongue flickered in my mouth and she drew a blob of the Sardar's semen into hers, disengaging only to swallow it down."

"My god, what an adventure!" exclained Laxmi as I came to the end of my story. "and your wife never told you that she was fucked by the Sardar?" 

"No, but I know that he is the only other man she has had apart from me." I replied.

"You are incredible," she said "I wish every woman had a husband like you."