 She was beautiful in my bed, spread naked in front of me. As much as I wanted to take her and fuck her and satisfy her, bring out her wildness and longing and belonging, I waited a moment, just to look. Her half-closed eyes. The round of her belly and breasts. Her thick and lovely thighs. Her capable hands, one laying open on the pillow next her face, one already rubbing over her clit, shiny with moisture.

"You are so fucking gorgeous," I murmured, climbing onto the bed, parting her legs. On top of her, on my hands and knees above her, I kissed her lightly and teasingly. Her skin was warm, soft. I loved the smell of her, cigarettes and cocoa butter and woman. "I am going to take my time with you."

She smirked, meeting me with slow kisses of her own. "Don't take too long." She cupped my face with one hand, trailing the other down my back. My skin sang wherever she touched.

I stroked a hand over her belly, moving down toward her core, stopping each time just before the tuft of her hair. Humming low, she kissed me. I ran a hand up her side, leisurely, framing the side of her breast, letting my body press lightly down on hers. She made a small sound of want as I traced around her nipple with my fingers, not quite touching the areola. When I finally strummed my thumb over her nipple, she arched up into me. "Mmmmm."

Kissing her cheek on the way down, I lowered my head to take her nipple in my mouth, settling between her legs and propping myself up on my arms. My beard brushed against her chest. The moment my lips met her nipple, she inhaled, reflexively opening her legs wider. I licked and sucked her nipple, stroking the other nipple with my fingers, holding my weight on one arm. "How we doing?" I asked playfully, nipping her breast with my teeth as she moaned.

"So far, so good," she breathed. "Get back up here for a minute." As I lifted up, she held my head in both hands, guiding me in for a deep kiss. Her mouth opened, her tongue pushing into my mouth, her hips rising and falling beneath me, moving against me. She moaned into my mouth as I gently pinched her nipple. "Oh, fuck."

I moved my hand slowly, firmly down her side, smoothing my palm against her skin. She whimpered a little, grabbing the back of my head and leaning my forehead against hers. "Oh, fuck," she repeated breathlessly, grinding her crotch up into me. "Don't make me wait. I need you. I need you inside me."

"Yeah?" I asked, licking and sucking lightly at her neck while my fingers continued to work her nipple. I felt her moving under me, her hips rolling, her breath speeding up. "You want my dick?"

She moaned, reaching down, trying to guide me in. I felt her hand tugging at my dick, electricity building at the base of my spine. "Oh, fuck, come on. Come on," she growled, "I need you." She kissed me hard. "I need your dick."

I kissed her, moved my hand down her belly to her pussy. I cupped her protectively, and she shuddered, locking her eyes to mine. I met her gaze, her dark and luminous eyes, and gently opened her lower lips. She closed her eyes and bucked up into me, kissing me hard again as I began to finger her, tracing my fingers around her clit, enjoying her wetness. "I don't know if you're ready yet," I teased.

Groaning in frustration, she smacked my ass. I grinned. "You might need me to eat you out a couple times first," I pointed out.

A quiet laugh. "Or you might just need to do what you're told." She pulled me in for a hungry kiss. Something in my belly ignited as she deepened it. We were really going to do this. I moved off her, grabbed the lube, and slicked up my dick.

"Oh, shit, that's hot," she exclaimed, watching me. "Jerk it a little more for me."

I circled my dick with my hand, thrusting into it. She kept watching me. Looked like she was enjoying the show. She was rubbing her clit, eyes locked on me. "It's going to feel so good to fuck you," I said quietly. "Stretch you open with my hard dick."

She shivered, her hand speeding up. I leaned back down to her, lining myself up at her entrance. She grabbed my head, kissing me fiercely, spreading her legs wide. Slowly, I eased my dick into her, letting her take me an inch at a time.

She breathed out, her back arching. "Oh, fuck. You're big. Give me a minute to get used to you."

I held still, watching her face, as she moved ever so faintly up and down on my dick. Her eyes were closed, her head tipped back, her mouth slightly open. "You're so sexy," I breathed.

"Wait till I start fucking you," she grinned, moving her hips experimentally to push me deeper. "Oh, shit, that's good." She lifted up again, taking more and more of my dick. "Oh, shit. Yeah, come on, fuck me. Slow at first."

Easing my dick back a few inches, I pinched her nipple again. I kissed her as I slid gently back inside, bottoming out. It felt so good to be joined with her, to feel her breath quickening, to know I could give her pleasure. She smiled at me, pulled me in for another kiss.

Building up little by little, I started to speed up and fuck her harder. She was pushing up into me with every thrust, our rhythm accelerating, the bedsprings starting to squeak. Before long, I was pounding her into the mattress, spurred on my her hands on my ass, her moans of pleasure.

"Oh, fuck yes," she groaned, raking her fingernails down my back. "Fuck yes! Fuck! Harder!"

I powered into over and over and over, increasing the force of my thrusts. Her arousal was intoxicating, feeding mine. I wanted to spend the rest of my life just like this, my dick buried in this beautiful woman, my senses flooded with her. I wanted to fuck her in every possible position, every possible way, the sweet earthy scent of her pussy and the tang of her sweat in the air. I wanted to feel her body against mine, taste her mouth, watch her face, listen to her breathing and groaning and dirty-talking forever. "I cannot get enough of you," I breathed, meeting her eyes.

She grabbed my chin and kissed my mouth as I continued to fuck her. Her other hand twisted into the bedsheets. She arched her back, getting louder, and broke our kiss to exclaim "Oh, fuck, I'm getting close, you're going to make me cum!"

I slammed into her steadily, fucking her hard and fast. "Yeah? You want to cum on my dick?"

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh, fuck," she gasped. "Oh, fuck, I'm about to cum, I'm about to-"

With a final deep thrust and a loud cry, she let go, her legs clamped around me. I felt her spasming against me, and moved gently in and out of her, fucking her through the orgasm, prolonging her waves. Finally, she took a deep breath and sighed. "Mmm. Wow."

I kissed her deeply, then pulled out. I sat between her legs, massaging her thighs and belly, watching her aftershocks. She was so gorgeous I could almost forget about my own arousal. Almost.

"Come here," she invited sleepily. "Come snuggle."

Laying down next to her, I pulled her close. She put her leg over me, her thigh grazing my cock.

"Oh, wow," she laughed, noticing the smear of my fluid across her leg. "Looks like you might be ready for some relief." Her hand traveled south, her breath on my shoulder, her fingers running through my pubes.

30 seconds later, she was asleep.