 This story I'm sharing is following my last trip to London when I met Abi and she blew my mind and my cock. Abi is an incredibly sexy girlfriend of one of my London team. She's 27, brunette shoulder length hair, fantastic body and gorgeous 36C tits. I was in London in December 2009 doing an annual review of the London team where meeting Abi for the first time in a bar, once alone, she had pulled her top down showing her tits to me and knelt under the table and sucked me off swallowing my cock and cum as it shot into her mouth.

Abi had made some very naughty promises last time but I had to fly out so December 2010 was the first time for the team's annual reviews again. We hadn't been in contact over the year so I had no idea upon arrival if I would even see her, never mind have some fun. I was in London for the week of the 13th staying at Savoy on The Strand, central London close to bars and restaurants. The team's reviews had been okay for 2009, Abi's boyfriend Nick hadn't been great but all the team had kept their jobs. I was taken out by the team lead on Wednesday night, dull evening but on Thursday, Nick came in to my office asking if he could have a one to one; I thought, ohh shit he knows about his girlfriend sucking me off last year. I kept my cool and responded,

"Sure, end of the day"

We came to the end of the day, Nick came in and it was clear early on, he wasn't here to talk about Abi but instead, his performance and what he could do to improve. I was impressed by his attitude and as we talked, it got to 7pm and liking the guy, suggested a drink while we keep talking. We went to the same bar as last year's misbehaviour with his girlfriend; I couldn't help but laugh to myself.

We were half way through our beer when Abi turned up unannounced, I have to admit, I got immediately excited. Abi was wearing black tights, a black skirt just above the knee, silk white shirt and a small black jacket. She looked sexy, she looked very fuckable and remembering her promises, that was exactly what I wanted to do.

"Welcome back"

She smiled a welcoming smile; it still felt like she was sucking me off with her eyes. She bent down, kissed Nick and turned to me. Her hot British accent was husky and felt like poured honey in my ears.

"Has it been a year already? I hope you're staying longer to enjoy some more of London this time?"

I responded that I was here until Sunday morning, hoping to catch some sights on Saturday. I smiled at her, desperately trying not to wink or smirk like a horny teenager. Abi turned to Nick,

"Babe, aren't you meeting the guys?"

She turned to me, in my mind's eye, striping immediately, trying to hide a wry smile

"Nick is off to Prague for a stag weekend, starts tonight"

Nick replied to me, checking his watch and not noticing what I'm sure was physical delight at the prospect of getting to screw his girlfriend.

"Afraid we'll have to call it night, I'm late already. Thanks for your time, have a safe flight back."

We shook hands goodbye, Nick picked up his bag that I hadn't noticed that he'd brought and kissed Abi goodbye. Abi, without invitation sat down where Nick had been sitting. She smiled seductively and unbuttoned one button on her shirt, I noticed immediately that she wasn't wearing a bra again. Almost reading my mind,

"I took it off in the ladies; I knew my jacket would cover me enough. So sweetie, a repeat performance or perhaps somewhere more discrete?"

My cock was now already hard just at the memory of her sucking me off in this bar almost a year ago. I knew that this was going to go the way I hoped; I thought I might tease her back.

"That depends on how naughty you're feeling!"

Abi was better however; she leaned across the table and looking me straight in the eyes, discretely unbuttoned all her buttons on her shirt so that only I could see her perfect tits,

"You're welcome to look and touch them if you would like......"

My heard skipped a beat, she kept talking

"I recall a promise I made to you, you haven't fucked me yet and for sure, you haven't owned my arse with your cock!"

It had been less than 3 minutes since Nick had left, my cock was aching it was so hard and we were 5 minutes walk from my hotel.

"Shall I do these buttons up and grab a taxi?"

There was no need for the taxi and Abi only did two 'essential' buttons. She grabbed her laptop bag and we walked the five minutes and despite the temperature, I think we were both so horny that we didn't notice! We entered the room and we were ripping each other's clothes off within seconds. We hadn't moved more than 2 metres into the room and Abi's shirt was open, her skirt was hitched up around her tight, perfect arse. She was wearing suspenders, I had got the tights wrong but she wasn't wearing any knickers. In between kissing and groping each other, she realised that I had made the connection,

"Well stud, what do you think of your English slut now? knicker-less, bra-less and desperate for your cock."

"Perfect" I replied, running my hands over her body, fondling her fantastic, naked tits, feeling her erect nipples between my fingers. I could feel how hot she was, how her hips kept pressing into my erect cock

"Perfect slut....... I love it!"

Abi, simultaneously, undid my belt and trousers. She turned facing the wall, hands pressed up above her head up against the wall, her legs spread,

"Fuck me stud, fuck me now, fuck my tight, hot, wet pussy! God I want you.....!"

It was maybe 15 minutes since she had sat down in front of me! I took my hard cock in my hand, with my other hand I took her hip and guided myself inside her pussy. We both simultaneously felt the lust and desire as I thrust as deep inside her as possible. Abi was still wearing her suspenders, skirt and her open shirt. Because of our height differences, I was slightly lifting her off the ground with my cock as I was screwing her pussy and body. With my now free hand I pulled her shirt off and now held her shoulder down to give her more cock. I kept fucking her for two or three minutes like this and Abi was a filthy talker while being fucked,

"TAKE ME STUD, FUCK YOUR SLUT!"

I had a momentary concern that other guests might hear and complain, it was momentary however......

"God I love your cock, my pussy loves your cock, keep fucking me! YES!"

After the two or three minutes, I turned Abi to our right and bend her over the table beside the door. I was now deeper inside her pussy, taking my cock all the way, Abi kept taking me beautifully

"YES! ohhh god, take me, I'm close to cumming! Keep going, keep doing me"

I held Abi's hips as she held the table edge. I was driving my cock into her wet pussy as she pushed back against me. I was thrusting my hard erect cock into her, taking her again and again until I felt her push back, her body tightening against me,

"Keep fucking me, yes, fuck me, fuck me, ohhhh god, that's it; I'm cumming for your cock! cum with me!!!"

As Abi started coming, I shot my cum deep inside her.

"Ohh my god yes, cum inside me, fill my pussy with your cum........YEEESSSSS"

After a minute I pulled out of Abi's cummed filled pussy and she turned around, still looking hot, flushed, her naked tits still looked fantastic,

"That was amazing lover, god, just how I've imagined you........ Hope you get your strength back quickly stud ........ Shower?"

Abi turned towards the bathroom and walking away, slipped off her dress and suspenders, totally naked, turned to me with a sexy and very naughty look,

"Joining me stud?"

I gave her a minute and entered the bathroom. Abi was in the shower soaping her body and walking into the shower naked with her. Abi took my semi-erect cock in her hand,

"God that has been all I've been thinking about since I knew you were coming back. I've got my whole weekend free if you want me?"

Looking back it's unbelievable, at the time it was amazing, a beautiful, sexy, self-proclaimed slut gently stroking my cock telling me that she was at my whim.

"Besides, I've got a bit of an imagination and some plans for you"

My cock was already starting to get hard again which was a timeframe I haven't experienced for a good 10 years.

"Can I ask what you have in mind before I give you my final answer?"

I knew already that we were unlikely to leave the bedroom after tomorrow evening and she knew that as well but I loved hearing her talk dirty.

"Well, I have promised you my arse and no one else gets that"

I was now fully erect at such clear slutty desire, she continued,

"I have one or two outfits that you might like in my bag"

Abi was now facing me; back up against the shower glass, pulling my cock towards her pussy which I now realised was completely shaved. I was back inside her immediately as she wrapped her arms around my shoulders to lift herself fully and deeply back inside her undoubtedly still cum filled pussy.

"Anything else I asked"

My cock now fully inside her, I was gently screwing her against the glass, filling her pussy with my cock again.

"Well I want to do the trinity, suck you, fuck my pussy and then fuck my arse in one session"

If I hadn't come only two minutes earlier, I would probably have cum again at the time!

"I've also brought a video camera if you want a memento of a dirty weekend in London with me? I have two encryption USB cards so we're careful not to be caught"

She lifted her leg around my thigh and kissed me deeply as I thought through the possibilities of getting caught by my wife, with my cock inside Abi, it felt worth it. I bounced her on my cock, drawing my cock slightly out of her and then immediately dropping her pussy back onto it,

"ummmm, I have a toy to play with, you could watch me? Would you like that? What would you naughtiest thing you want to do with me? Tell me!"

I started to more firmly screw her against the wall so she could appreciate my cock while she listened to my dirty talk,

"I want to set up the camera to watch you playing with yourself, and then while you're playing with yourself, you're going to suck my cock. When I'm ready, I'm going to sit facing the camera and you are going to lower your arse onto my cock while your toy is still in your pussy!"

"Lover, you have a promise"

Abi was driving her hips back into my thrusting cock, warm water from the shower was pouring over our bodies, her arms wrapped around as she was now screwing me back. I could feel her pussy tightening around my cock,

"I'm cumming again, keep screwing me baby, god I love your cock, fuck me, fuck me!"

Abi regained herself after a moment, my cock slipping out of her wet pussy. I still had a hard cock as hadn't cum yet. Abi looked down, taking my cock in her hand, gently playing with it

"Well we need to do something about that....."

Abi got onto her knees and took me into her mouth. She started teasing the head of my cock with her lips and tongue and gradually began taking me more and more into her mouth. I remembered she sucked cock excellently from last year and she was still as good. She was teasing my balls at the same time as sucking my cock almost all the way into her mouth. She looked unbelievably hot sucking me off. She took me out of her mouth,

"Do you want to cum in my mouth or on my tits?"

"In your mouth" I replied

"Am I still being your perfect slut?"

Before I could reply, my cock was being expertly sucked again and as she kept teasing me, licking the length of my cock it wasn't long until I was tensing to cum. Abi felt it and took me deep in her mouth again as my cum shot into her mouth.

We finished showering which was more of a fondle and play time for us both and as we got out of the shower, I looked at the clock, it was barely 9pm! I asked,

"Food or champagne?" 

"Champagne! I've always wanted to suck cock with champagne in my mouth"

That and the rest of the weekend I will compile into another story. It turned into a long weekend because of the snow and airport closures, Abi was a very naughty girl!