 Woo woo woo ...

Jenny groaned as she caught sight of the flashing blue lights in her rearview mirror. The motorcycle cop gestured, his meaning unmistakable -- YOU, pull over!

"Damn, that is the last thing I needed first thing this morning," she muttered, turning on her blinker to signal her intention to pull over to the shoulder of the road.

She rolled her window down as he approached the driver's door.

"Good morning, Officer...Gregory," she said, smiling winningly as she read his name tag. "Was I speeding?"

"No, ma'am. I pulled you over because your inspection sticker is expired." He didn't return her smile.

Jenny fought the urge to slap herself across the forehead. 

"Oh, no! How could I have been such a ditz?! It came in Friday's mail and I tossed it on the counter intending to put it on over the weekend. Then my dog got sick and had to go to the emergency vet and my kitchen refrigerator died and my mother called and needed..." she trailed off. She realized she was babbling, probably due to blue-light-induced adrenaline. 

Smiling again, ruefully this time, she continued, "But that's no excuse for breaking the law. I'm sorry."

He still didn't smile. 

"I'm going to have to write you up, ma'am."

Jen nodded bravely, trying not to think of more points going against her license. She had enough already, thanks to her new convertible and her lead foot.

"But," he finished, "if you can show me the sticker by end of shift today, I won't turn the paperwork in."

She beamed at him, "Oh thank you, thank you so much!"

She finally saw him smile a bit at her ebullience. And she was pretty sure he stole an appreciative glance at the silky gold lingerie-style top that peeked out from under her suit jacket. The adrenaline haze had cleared slightly and she noticed he had a nice smile and even white teeth. She also couldn't help admiring his great build which showed to advantage in his blue shirt and well-fitting motorcycle pants. She'd always been a sucker for a man in uniform.

He gave her the ticket and instructions on where and when to find him that afternoon, then touched the visor of his helmet.

"You have a nice day, ma'am."

She couldn't resist twisting in her seat to get a look at his butt as he strode back to his bike.

"Lord, woman, get hold of yourself. Jonesing on a stranger like that, even if he is a police officer." Brief self-scolding complete, she eased back into the flow of traffic.

The episode made her late for work and she played catch-up the rest of the day. Even so, she did find herself thinking about the handsome officer a couple of times. What color were his eyes behind the dark sunglasses? His hair? And what did he look like under that starched uniform?

She wrapped up one last phone call, told her boss she was leaving early, then ran by her apartment to grab the inspection decal. As she headed for the police station she realized she was actually looking forward to seeing him again.

As she headed into the station she was glad she'd worn her new shoes that morning. They were pointy-toed, stiletto-heeled, and made her feet hurt like hell, but they did amazing things for her long legs in the short black skirt.

She caught him just as he was signing out for the day.

"Well, hello Ms. Headley," he greeted her.

She waved the decal triumphantly.

"I had a feeling you'd be here so I didn't enter this." He tore up the ticket and handed her the pieces.

"Thank you so much! You just made my day."

He smiled, a real one this time, and it was lethal. The vivid blue eyes, tanned skin and close-cropped dark hair combined to make him even more attractive than she'd thought.

"I'll walk you out and make sure this is affixed properly before you take to the streets again," he said. She slid him a sideways glance, trying to gauge his meaning. Was he just being nice or did he actually want to prolong the encounter?

As they reached her car, she said, "I really appreciate your giving me another chance. I, uh, can't really afford any more tickets right now."

He looked at her shiny new Corvette and said wryly, "I can imagine."

"I'm only twenty-six. I'm having my mid-life crisis while I'm still young enough to enjoy it," she quipped.

Jennifer had a lively curiosity about people, plus she instinctively liked Officer Gregory. And it didn't hurt that he wasn't wearing a wedding ring.

"What's your first name? Are you a native? How long have you been a police officer? Do you like it?"

"Tim, yes, two years and yes, very much," he responded. "I'm like what I'm doing now but my real goal is to make Detective. Things are going pretty well for me and I hope that will happen in the next couple of years."

They chatted amiably for awhile, discovering several things in common. They'd actually attended the same school several years apart and had a few mutual friends. They both came from large families, loved baseball and admitted to being secretly addicted to reality TV.

Finally she glanced at her watch.

"Omigosh, I've kept you for thirty minutes. My mom always said I could talk the ears off a mule."

"No problem," he said easily. "I've enjoyed it. I was about to go get some dinner. Would you like to join me?"

She glowed up at him. "I'd love to." They agreed on a nearby restaurant and he followed her in his big silver pickup truck. He was amused at her exaggerated adherence to the speed limit and careful use of turn signals.

As she preceded him into the casual eatery she glanced over her shoulder. He was definitely checking her out. Which was good, she mused, since she'd been doing plenty of checking of her own.

Over dinner the conversation turned more flirty and intimate. After her third glass of wine she was astonished to hear herself confide, "I have such a thing for men in uniform. Especially motorcycle cops. When I pass one I always get a little tingle imagining," her voice dropped to a whisper, "doing it on the seat of that big bike."

Tim grinned devilishly, "Well, that's one fantasy I might be able to make come true."

Jen gulped and her eyes widened. "Oh no, uh, that is...I didn't mean..." she flushed and continued weakly, "um, I think that was the wine talking."

He laughed at her discomfiture and let her off the hook, at least for the moment. "I was just teasing. You're cute when you blush." 

Her brows came together in a mock scowl. "Don't call me cute! I've been "cute" all my life. I want to be sexy, mysterious, exotic...anything but CUTE."

"You're all that," he said equably. "But you're cute, too."

She'd fought this battle all her life. With her blond curls, wide green eyes and freckle-dusted nose, she WAS cute. Even after her figure finally developed, way too late in life to suit her, men still persisted in treating her like the girl next door.

Shaking her finger threateningly, she said "Call me that again and I'll make you pay dearly."

Laughing, he assured her he could take anything she dished out

After a brief squabble over the check, which she graciously allowed him to win, they walked out into the cool night air.

"Thanks for dinner," she said, and kissed him. It started as a friendly gesture but quickly flared out of control at the first touch of their lips. He drew her against him, kissing her expertly. His lips danced lightly over hers and his hands caressed her back. His tongue slipped into her mouth, probing delicately. The kiss deepened and he moved his hand to the back of her head, running his fingers through her soft curls. She could feel him already hard against her belly and fought the urge to rub against him like a cat.

Reluctantly she broke the kiss, putting a couple of inches between them although she was still loosely wrapped in his arms. She shook her head to clear it and looked up at him.

"I'd better go. This is too soon...I don't usually...that is..."

He smiled, "I understand. I'd like to see you again, though." His expression turned playful. "I'll be on patrol out on River Road tomorrow morning. Why don't you come by and check out my big...bike?"

"Oh no," she began to demur but he continued mischievously.

"Unless, of course, you're chicken?"

She straightened to her full height -- a not so impressive 5 ft 2 in -- and glared in mock indignation.

"Oh, now you've done it! I have five brothers. They taught me never to turn down a dare."

"Well, it's your call," he said. "But you did say you wanted to be sexy and adventurous." 

She rolled her eyes at his mockingly transparent attempt to trap her with her earlier statement.

"We'll see," she said saucily, giving him another quick kiss, prudently on the cheek this time, and hopped in her car. She made the short trip home reliving that single, powerful kiss.

Jenny slept badly. Even if her mind forgot Tim's strong form pressed against her, her body didn't. She flipped and flopped, sighed and cursed. Her lips tingled and her body throbbed. Her mind was consumed with fantasies of him. Finally in desperation she opened the toy drawer and removed her trusty Rabbit vibrator. 

Laying flat on her back, she closed her eyes and pictured Tim's rugged face, his muscular body. Applying some lube to the fingers of one hand, she used it to stroke her nipple. The slippery friction was delicious and she alternated between nipples for several minutes, letting the heat build between her thighs.

When she could stand it no longer she lubed up the Rabbit and turned it on low speed. Moaning in pleasure, she slid it inside her and positioned the ears to stimulate her aching clit. One hand went back to caress a stiff nipple while the other manipulated the Rabbit, bringing herself to one, two, three orgasms in rapid succession. She shuddered and bit her lip. Not bad, certainly, but not as good as a real live man. Sighing deeply, she rolled over and finally drifted off to sleep.

The next morning she was still debating on whether to accept Tim's little challenge. "What the hell," she thought. It was Saturday, she didn't have anything much to do. And she trusted him to let her set the pace. Moreover, she wanted him. Desperately.

Bouncing out of bed, she showered and dressed. She debated over her clothing, finally choosing a casual red tank top, short denim skirt and thong sandals trimmed with playful scarlet silk flowers. She thought about going commando, then smiled wickedly. He wanted adventurous? She could do adventurous. Rummaging through her lingerie drawer, she pulled out the pair of "pearl panties" she'd gotten last Christmas from a girlfriend who'd heard them mentioned on Sex and the City and, not being brave enough to wear them herself, nominated Jen as guinea pig. They consisted of a waistband of red lace and a string of pearls running from front to back. She wiggled into them, adjusting the pearls so they rubbed gently against her clit with every movement.

Hopping into her convertible, she put the top down and set out for the outskirts of town. Traffic was non-existent this early. As she turned onto River Road she punched the accelerator, reveling in the feel of the wind blowing through her ponytail.

"Woo woo...," she heard. Déjà vu all over again. She grinned as she spotted Officer Gregory, face stern, in her rearview mirror.

"Ma'am, I clocked you at 73 mph in a 45 mph zone."

She gave him an innocent smile. "I'm sorry, Officer. I can't afford a ticket right now. Isn't there some way we can ... work this out?"

Opening the driver's side door, she stepped onto the shoulder of the road and looked up at him.

"Do you ... uh ... need to search for concealed weapons or something?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am, can't take chances with lawbreakers like you," he answered seriously.

He placed his hands on her shoulders and ran them gently down her bare, tanned arms. Reaching behind her he caressed her back, then moved down her hips, stroking her shapely butt. Moving around front, he investigated her belly, paying special attention to the strip of silky skin between top and skirt. Her breath quickened as he cupped her full breasts. She pressed herself to him, loving the feel of his palms against her stiffening nipples.

Working his way down, he explored each leg, causing her to shiver when his warm hand lightly brushed her inner thighs. As she put her hands on his shoulders for balance, he grinned up at her, "Just one more place to check."

Slowly, tantalizingly, he ran his hands up the backs for her thighs, reaching under her skirt and caressing her bare ass cheeks. When he felt the string of pearls running between them his eyebrows shot up in pleased surprise.

"Hmmm...I think I've found something. This is bound to be illegal in some states."

Jenny laughed breathlessly. After assuring himself she was concealing nothing more lethal than the pearl panties his hands moved around front to stroke her already damp pussy. His fingers danced over her lightly, following the pearls, rubbing her swollen outer lips. He tugged on the strand, making it bump against her aroused clit.

Suddenly a car whooshed by. Tim rose and dropped a playful kiss on the end of her nose.

"Follow me," he said. He wheeled his motorcycle into the woods on the side of the road. To her surprise, there was an overgrown dirt road which led to a small clearing beside the river. He set the kickstand and turned to face her.

"Now, about that citation."

She batted her eyelashes in exaggerated feminine distress. "Oh no, Officer, please don't give me a ticket. Isn't there anything I can do to change your mind?"

"Ma'am, are you attempting to bribe an officer of the law?" he questioned sternly.

"Would it work?" she asked, moving closer and looking up at him seductively.

"Why don't you take your best shot and we'll find out."

Jenny took a deep breath, put her hands on his shoulders, and kissed him. As before, sparks flew instantly. His lips were warm and firm. Her hand investigated the skin of his cheek which was freshly shaven and smelled faintly of cologne. She used her other hand to stroke his shoulder and muscular bicep. Tim's hands rested lightly on the curve of her waist. She appreciated him letting her take the lead and it made her bolder.

She slipped her tongue in his mouth, teasing his erotically. She nipped at his lower lip and he growled and pulled her close enough so she could feel his erection rubbing against her stomach. Unconsciously she rubbed against him. Pulling her closer still he ran his big hands over her butt, kneading and squeezing. She could feel the pearls as he rubbed, stimulating her pussy and ass. 

Their mouths were still fused together, the kiss going on and on. Finally she tore her mouth away and kissed her way down his neck. She unbuttoned his uniform shirt, making small circles on his chest, exploring the sinewy flesh through the thin cotton of his t-shirt. She scraped her nails lightly over his nipples, smiling at his hiss of surprise and arousal. Moving lower still, her restless hands encountered his gun belt. With his help she removed it and draped it across the handlebars of his cycle.

Hands trembling with desire undid his pants and delved beneath the fabric of his boxers. She found his distended flesh and wrapped her fingers around it. He braced himself against the bike as she nudged his thighs apart and lowered his pants. Kneeling, she worked on him with both hands, sometimes moving in the same direction, sometimes opposite. Then she stroked with one hand while gently cupping his balls with the other. Her hands moved patiently over him, learning his shape and texture.

"That feels so good," he murmured.

"Then you should really like this," she responded as she applied her mouth to him. He looked down, transfixed at the sight of her glistening red lips engulfing his throbbing cock. She licked him daintily; small strokes up one side and down the other. Then she moved back to pay special attention to the tip. Her appreciative moans added to the eroticism of the moment as she expertly sucked him. Circling the base with one hand she used the other to run her fingertips over his muscular butt.

"Ahhh," he groaned. She sucked him enthusiastically, her head bobbing up and down before him. He captured her head with his hands, urging her to take him deeper. She fucked him with her mouth, swirling her tongue around his turgid shaft.

Suddenly his hands tightened, stopping her. She drew back, looking up at him quizzically.

"I want to be inside you," he said simply.

He helped her up and lifted her onto the seat of the bike. Leaning her back against the gas tank he spread her legs and pushed her skirt up out of the way. He gazed admiringly at her pussy, the strand of pearls buried between lips swollen with desire. Lowering his head, he put his mouth on her, licking and making her even wetter. He moved the pearls aside and slid the tip of his tongue inside, making her arch against him. 

His nose ground lightly against her clit. Rising slightly, he licked his way up to the aroused nub, first circling it, then flicking across it with the flat of his tongue. One hand moved up her body under her top to mold her breast, rolling a distended nipple between two fingers.

It was his turn to make expert love to her. He kissed and sucked, licked and nibbled until she was panting. He teased her by taking almost taking her where she wanted to go, then changing pace. He deliberately played her body, taking her higher and higher. She was on fire, moaning for him.

"Oh god, please don't stop." Then she was wordless, writhing against the hands holding firmly to her hips. She arched against him and begged, "Please, oh please, Tim!"

He stopped and looked up at her. "Please what?"

"Don't tease me anymore. Please make me come."

He did as she asked, tonguing her until her body trembled around him. She bucked and squirmed as her orgasm rippled through her.

Without giving her time to recover, he lifted her, setting her briefly on shaking legs as he straddled the wide leather seat. Picking her up again he positioned her across his lap and helped her brace her legs against the foot pedals. Using her hands on his shoulders for leverage, she rose slightly, then slid down his stiff cock. They were face to face, joined in the most intimate way possible.

"Come on, ride me," he urged, hands on her sweetly curved ass. The pearls rubbed against her clit as she bounced up and down on his rigid cock. She felt another orgasm building and she began moving faster, rising up and sliding down to impale herself on him. His jaw was clenched, cords standing out on his neck as they fucked, thrusting upward to meet her hot wet pussy. 

Waves of pleasure began rolling through her and she unconsciously sank her teeth into his shoulder as the spasms rocked her world. She bounced wildly on him, his hands lifting her so her feet left the pedals. Wrapping her arms tightly around his neck she flexed her hips and ground against him, harder, faster.

His cry echoed through the woods as he erupted inside her. She rode him, slowing as he continued to throb within her. Head dropping to his shoulder again, she let out a shaky breath.

"Wow. Just wow."

"Yeah," he agreed and they shared a weak laugh at the inadequacy of the words. Finally he helped her dismount, holding her tight until her legs would support her. When they were both somewhat recovered he maneuvered the motorcycle back over to her car.

"So, are you going to give me that ticket?"

"Ah, no ma'am. I think you managed to satisfy the ... uh ... long arm of the law."

She giggled and kissed him lightly.

"I really have to get home."

"Want to have dinner tonight? I'll call you."

"I'd love to," she replied.

He escorted her to her car, fastening her seatbelt snugly around her and teasingly admonishing her to watch her speed since the next cop she encountered might not be so understanding. She agreed demurely and they shared one last lingering kiss.
