 It was hot, too hot for the end of October. I entered my only slightly cooler house to escape from the blazing sun. I flopped down in my favorite easy chair and closed my eyes for a few minutes. After all the yard work, I was in dire need of a shower. I then heard the shower upstairs running. Who the hell was in my shower? I got up out of my chair and headed up stairs. When I got to my bedroom, I quietly entered. I moved to the bathroom door and peered through the slight opening left by my mysterious intruder. I could see through the glass walls of the shower that it was a woman, standing with her back to me, a woman with a sexy body and wearing a black body stocking. Now that is different, I thought to myself, what a novel way to wash a piece of lingerie. 

Wait, who is she and why is she in my shower? I wanted to go in and confront her but part of me wanted to just stand there and watch. She turned slowly, letting the water flow down her incredible curves. I could feel my cock swelling in my shorts. Her hands moved over her body, stimulating her erect nipples, squeezing her breasts, gliding over her flat stomach and down to her pussy. Her eyes were closed and she placed her back against the tiled wall and slid down until her lovely ass touched one of the shower benches. Reaching to her right she changed from the standard shower nozzle to the overhead rain shower head. Her legs spread wide as the fingers of her left hand entered her pussy while her right hand fondled her breasts.

I stood there, mouth a gape and my cock soaking the front of my shorts. What do I do? My hand seemed to know as it found its way to my dick and started to pump away. I pulled off my sweat soaked t-shirt and managed to get my shorts down to my ankles. I stepped out of my old tennis shoes and stroked my cock to the incredible woman masturbating in my shower. I could hear her moan over the hiss of the shower nozzle as she continued to pleasure herself. I couldn't take it any longer. I pushed open the bathroom door and walked to the shower. She didn't seem to notice me or didn't care. I opened the glass shower door and stepped in, closing it behind me.

"Mmmmmmm...I was wondering when you were going to join me," she said in a sultry voice. She opened her eyes, and beaconed me closer with the curling of one of her manicured fingers.

"How did you get here?" I asked more than a little confused.

"I need you to help me," she said as I moved closed. She took my hand from my cock and pulled me down to my knees in front of her. She placed my hand on her warm wet nylon encased thigh, putting her hand on my head and pulling me forward to her open pussy. 

I just went with it, placing my other hand on her opposite thigh. I pulled her to me until her ass was at the edge of the bench. I then spread her legs wide and placed them over my shoulders. The water cascading down on us made her body stocking look extra slick. Her pussy lips were open and I could see her swollen clit throbbing before my eyes. These erotic images were making my cock even more painfully hard. I kissed her pussy softly at first then more firmly. I moved my kisses down along her pulsing pussy lips. She rocked her hips up exposing her whole over heated sex to my attentions. I flattened my tongue and ran it back up to her hard clit. Sucking it into my mouth, my tongue flicked lightly over her sensitive bud. Her body shook as my assault on her clit continued.

"Oh my god baby...That feels wonderful...don't stop...Aaaahhhh...mmmmm..." she moaned and squirmed as I devoured her pussy. 

My hands ran over her stomach and thighs, feeling the firmness of her muscles through her silky body stocking. It was an addictive feeling, soft, luxurious, and absolutely sexy! I released her clit and licked my way back down to her wet opening, stabbing my tongue deep inside her.

"Aaaaahhhhh..." she cried as her body arched up, lifting her ass off the tiled bench. 

I tried to bury more of my tongue even deeper into her grasping hole. My mouth was being flooded with her juices mixed with the water flowing over her body, and I was drinking it all in. I returned to her clit and replaced my tongue in her pussy with the middle finger of my right hand. I curled my finger circling the tip inside her. I sucked hard on her clit and nipped it with my teeth then flicked it with my tongue. I added a second finger and I felt the convulsions in her pussy begin. Her breathing was coming in short gasps and her thighs were quivering. 

"Yes...yes...yes...that's it baby, I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum...YES!" she screamed and her thighs clamped tightly around my head.

I held my breath and didn't stop what I was doing. Her hips thrust into my face as if she was going to force me inside her. I wasn't about to let up, giving her pleasure became my mission. As her orgasm crashed over her, my lungs were burning from the lack of air but I ignored it as best I could. My fingers were being crushed by the clenching muscles of her love tunnel. Her tremors began to subside and she released my head from the death grip of her silken thighs. 

She placed her hands on my cheeks as I gently licked her pussy while she came down from her orgasmic high. Every time my tongue touched her sensitive clit, her body shook uncontrollably. When she couldn't take any more, she pulled me up to her face and kissed me hard on the lips. Her legs came up and wrapped around my waist, squeezing tightly. I pressed my hips forward and felt my cock touch her dripping pussy. With a bit of effort I managed to sink the head of my cock into her well lubed pussy.

"Mmmmmmmm..." she moaned as we maintained our passionate kiss. 

I picked her up, impaling her completely on my rigid dick. I turned around and sat on the bench. She grunted and moaned and thrust her hips like an animal in heat. I could tell she was cumming again. My cock was being squeezed and pulled in the most incredible ways. I couldn't take much more as I felt my balls begin to tighten. I thrust up to meet her moves and she went wild.

"Fuck me...fuck me...yes...yes...Oh god...oh god...fuck me!"

"Aaaaaahhhhh...I'm cumming!" I shouted as the first shot of my cum fired into her steamy pussy.

My eyes flew open as I shuddered. I saw my cock had tented my shorts as a large wet spot formed. It took a second to get my bearings as my cum drenched me in my clothes. I sat up straight and realized I was sitting in my chair.

"Shit!" I exclaimed as I sank back into my recliner. 

I closed my eyes again trying to calm my breathing. What the hell just happened? I can't believe I just had a wet dream. I laughed and thought to myself that I really needed to take a shower now. My eyes opened again. What is that I'm hearing? It sounds like my shower!