 He was used to calling the shots. He liked his women pliant and submissive... manipulable. It made the sex hotter and his orgasms more powerful when he took charge of the action...directing her to pleasure him in those particularly special ways he liked.

He was very partial to holding her down roughly and ramming his cock home... whether it was her mouth, her pussy or her arse, didn't much matter to him as long as he could ram it in and ram it in hard!

Sometimes it surprised him a little that she would take this treatment from him. But he wasn't really bothered as long as she came back for more.

And she kept coming back. It seemed she wasn't averse to this rough handling; and while she kept coming, he would keep taking. He didn't feel the need to look elsewhere as her visits were frequent enough to keep him satisfied.

A mate suggested to him one night that he might meet someone they knew for a drink or two as she was in the area and could do with some company after working in a strange town all day. 

Reluctantly he agreed to go off and meet this virtual stranger...after all what's a couple of drinks? It's not that much of a hassle and a bit of a chat with a new face might not be all that bad.

A quick phone call to the number his friend had provided to set up a time and place...she sounded quite interesting. Calm and almost business like, but with a soft undertone in her voice that tickled at the back of his mind. 

What sort of woman was it that gave him, a complete stranger, her hotel address and room number? He was fascinated before he even laid eyes on her. "This is just a meet for a couple of drinks," he firmly reminded himself!

"Keep her waiting a bit," he thought, "Make her wonder what she's getting into." He knocked on her door about 20 minutes after their appointed meeting time. There was no answer. He stood there puzzled, caught unawares that his ploy hadn't worked.

Her voice came from behind him, startling him a little. "I'm sorry I wasn't here when you arrived, I hope you haven't been waiting long?" He turned to see just what this woman looked like. The overwhelming first impression was breasts. "My god" he thought, "They're huge!"

She laughed throatily. She knew damn well where his eyes had first rested on her. Extending her hand, she introduced herself.

"It so nice of you to keep a girl company when she's away from home; I'm Sue, nice to meet you, David." He took her hand and shook it, responding to her firm assured grip. She smiled warmly at him.

"Come in and I'll get that bottle opened. I am really looking forward to a glass in someone's company for a change. It's been a long day and the chance to unwind with a friend that has nothing to do with work will be great."

"Come in? She means for us to have drinks in her hotel room?" Thoughts were rushing through his mind that he was having trouble keeping up with. Surely she meant for them to go somewhere public? After all, he could be an "undesirable" who would take advantage of a woman alone in her hotel room! His cock stiffened slightly at the thought.

He followed her in and was surprised that she shut the door firmly behind him and turned the key in the lock. She saw the look flash across his face. "Oh, I don't mean to lock you in, just force of habit when you're in strange places on your own all the time. I'll unlock it again if you'd be more comfortable?"

"It's fine. Shall I get that bottle for you?" She was peeling away the foil on a bottle of Shiraz; two glasses stood on the bedside table and there was a waiter's friend to hand.

"I'm ok with this, have to be, given I drink on my own most nights!" Sue replied with a grin, "They are even my glasses and opener. Never leave home without them." Her level of self assurance was even more apparent as she deftly removed the cork and poured them each a glass.

He sat in the chair she indicated and took a sip of the wine. Before he was aware, the bottle was empty. Their talk had ranged widely, comfortably. She was articulate and funny, listened with what appeared to be genuine interest no matter the topic. When she reached over and touched his hand at one point an electric thrill pulsed through him.

She looked at her watch and then at the empty bottle.

"Do you think it's too late to open another? Or do you have to be somewhere else tonight?" He had thought he would have been with her for perhaps an hour, maybe an hour and a half and had planned to get something to eat after he had left her.

"Rather than another bottle, what about something to eat? I'm starved; it's been a long time since lunch. We could pop down to the hotel restaurant if you would like?" 

She smiled at him and reached for the phone, opening up the room service directory. She ordered a light meal for them both and asked for it be sent up straight away. Her efficiency, her decisiveness, the fact she had not consulted him as to his preference; it confounded him. He was so used to being the one to do this, it was a little unnerving yet strangely thrilling to him.

"Now, can I interest you in more wine?" Sue asked as the cork popped out of a second bottle. He nodded, thinking he would have to start watching how much he was drinking otherwise he wouldn't be able to drive home.

A knock at the door indicated their meals had arrived. Sue signed for the meals, took the tray and closed and relocked the door behind the attendant. "I hope a steak and salad is okay?" she asked. 

"How did you know?" He smiled at her. Their talk slowed as they ate their dinners, but the silences were comfortable and he found himself thinking about what this woman would be like in bed. 

It was a big bed and it had been sitting there, a silent invitation all the way through their evening together. Her jacket was tossed carelessly over its foot, spread pulled back to reveal a couple of pillows it appeared she had rested against sometime before his arrival.

Their plates emptied, they both pushed back their chairs from the small hotel table. He stretched out his legs and accidentally brushed against her. She made no move to break the touch, just took another sip from her glass looking at him over its rim.  

"I'm not keeping you from anything else, am I?" she asked, a slight smile curling at the corners of her mouth.

"Not at all," he replied. "I'm just a little surprised I'm still here. I wasn't expecting dinner as well."

"What were you expecting?" A wicked grin flashed at him, her tongue resting provocatively on her lips.

"I don't know really" there was a trace of uncertainty in his voice. This woman unnerved him, she seemed to be able to get under his skin, catch him unawares. "I guess it wasn't this." He indicated the room, the empty plates, the discarded bottle. 

"I won't bite, you know." She giggled softly "not unless you ask me too!"

He couldn't believe what he had just heard! The pressure on his leg increased slightly. She was definitely coming on to him. No, this was definitely NOT what he was expecting. He took another mouthful of his drink, trying rapidly to collect his thoughts. 

There was no doubt he wanted to explore what was hidden under that shirt... her breasts were begging for his attention all night, but he had tried to see past them. He was trying to remind himself that he was here doing a mate a favour when suddenly she stood up.

"I hope this doesn't make you uncomfortable, but I can't sit in those terrible chairs any longer. I have to lie down." She kicked off her shoes sat on the edge of the bed, placing her glass on the bedside table. She swung her legs up, fluffed up the pillows behind her head and lay back. She looked across at him, patted the bed beside her, and said "You can join me if you like."

"I would like" he said, just a trifle shakily. He shed his shoes at the end of the bed, took off his jacket and together with hers, draped them over the nearby chair. He lay down beside her. "This is not the way I would usually spend the first time I meet someone; lying beside her on her bed in a hotel room."

"How would you usually spend your first time with someone then? " The provocative tone in her voice and the mischievous gleam in her eye belied the innocence of her question. 

"Well to start off with, I think we'd be under the covers and out of our clothes!" He hoped she would not take offence at that remark. 

Her throaty laugh suggested that she was not in the least perturbed. She leaned nearer to him and gave him a quick kiss on the tip of nose and at the same time, a playful slap to his cheek.

"You're a cheeky lad, but you're probably right!" She leaned back against the pillows, her breasts jutting towards him inviting him to touch. "Think you should start by taking the top layer off."

What? 

Shocked by the suddenness of her request, it took him a second or two to process the idea she was telling him to remove her clothes. He fumbled a little with the buttons on her shirt, all thumbs at the thought of what the shirt concealed. The last button undone, he folded her shirt back to reveal her breasts, her cream bra, the smooth skin of her stomach.

A small sigh escaped her lips. "David?" she whispered

"Yes?" His gaze was drawn to the soft rise and fall of her mounds as she breathed his name.

"I want you to take my bra off...I want to feel your mouth on my nipples. " 

His breath caught in his throat as he reached behind her to unclasp her bra. He slid it and her shirt off her shoulders to reveal her full luscious mounds, pink nipples standing hard. 

"Now, David, suck them now!" The tone of demand in her voice sent a shiver down his spine. Obediently he sucked first one, then the other into his mouth. Her back arched up forcing her breast against his mouth and small moan of pleasure escaped her lips.

His tongue flicked and swirled around her hard nipple as she pressed harder against him.

"Harder, David! Suck them harder!" Her fingers curled into his hair holding him tight against her chest. "Oh my god! They're aching so much, pinch the other one, David. Pinch it!"

He reached out to take her left nipple between his fingers...rolling it and twisting it a little as he continued to suck and nibble on her right. She was writhing and squirming under his attentions, the pleasure clearly visible on her face.

"Ooooohhh, I needed that so much. Keep sucking, babe, it feels so good...make it hard. Don't be frightened of hurting me." He felt her hands reach for his belt, and struggle with the unfamiliar buckle. He moved to help her but a low growl told him he should not stop his suckling and nipping of her breasts. 

Finally she had the buckle open, followed quickly by the top button of his jeans and then the zipper slid open. He felt her fingertips brush against his hardened cock tip smearing the drip of precum that had oozed forth. 

"Time for more clothes off, I think." She whispered as she drew his lips away from her breasts and kissed him hungrily. "Take them off a piece at a time."

He took her hand and drew her up from the bed onto her feet. He took the clasp from her hair and allowed it to fall about her shoulders, glinting red in the lamplight. He ran his hands slowly and gently down her chest, pausing momentarily to pinch her nipples firmly as she had asked.

Next at the waistband of her suit, he found the button and zipper and undid them both, sliding the garment over her hips and allowing it to fall in a puddle around her ankles. She stood before him just clad in her black panties.

Abruptly she took a step back, a teasing look on her face. "I want you to take off my panties without using your hands. Use your teeth." His already stiff cock throbbed at the thought as her knelt at her feet. The smell of her moist pussy was so close, so tantalising, as he steadied her hips, his teeth finding the edge of her lacy knickers. 

Fighting the urge to press his face into her sweet folds, he slowly dragged her knickers down her legs with his teeth, his lips brushing her silky skin. He released them and she stepped daintily out of them, brushing against his kneeling form. 

He moved as if to stand but her hand on his shoulder brought him up short. He looked up at her thinking to himself, "what am I waiting for, why don't I just get on with it?" He wanted to hear what she wanted him to do next, it was almost like he craved her dominance, her orders. All he wanted was to please her. This feeling was very foreign to him.

She shifted a little, spreading her legs apart. He glimpsed a shiny wetness, the scent of her juicy pussy teasing at him.

"Finger me... slide your fingers into me." He didn't need to be asked twice! One hand around her backside, drawing her towards him, he slid the other between her legs into her crack. Gliding over her folds gently, exploring, seeking out all her essential points; his fingers wet from her juices.

She rocked forward to meet him as he skimmed her opening, pressing gently up into her. Almost impatiently, she pressed against him. "More. Give me more fingers not just one." Spreading her a little wider, he slid two fingers into her hot canal. She sighed and ground against the heel of his hand. 

Suddenly she stepped back from him and laid herself back on the bed, her knees wide. 

"I said I wanted more...I won't break. Try four." 

Four? He had never shoved his hand into anyone like that. None of the women he had been with would cope without pain with anything more than three of his thick fingers. 

His cock was rock hard, he had to shed his jeans before he strangled! Standing quickly, he divested himself of the rest of his clothes. His cock throbbed, head red with lust, eye gleaming with beads of precum.

He knelt on the bed between her opened legs, her pussy inviting his invasion. Stroking her inner thighs, he slid his fingers up and down her folds, brushing her clit, bringing shivers from her. Her need was obvious as she pressed and arched up against his hand as her teased at her opening. 

He pushed two fingers into her, curling against her and pressing the heel of his hand against her clit. She shuddered and arched again. Pumping in and out of her he slid a third finger into her, eliciting a growl of pleasure.

"Give me four, babe. I want your hand shoved hard into me!"

Four fingers slamming into her... it was so intense, watching her react and thrust against his hand, he almost came himself. His cock was dripping, his balls throbbing, his breath rasping, as he pumped his hand into her.

He was unprepared to hear her ask him to finger her rosebud as well...his cock jerked as he pressed a finger against her puckered hole. She relaxed to allow his finger to enter her.

Feeling his own hand pumping her pussy rubbing against his finger, he felt her tighten as a massive orgasm surged through her, her breath sobbing as she jerked against him. 

"Oh god, babe, fuck me...fuck me hard now."

As he buried himself in her to the hilt in one stroke, a fleeting thought crossed his mind. Perhaps it wasn't all that bad, not being the boss all the time.

© 2005 Australwind

This story is a gift for a friend...and was "tweaked" with the help of another. Thank you both for your input!