 I haven't seen you in a few months… I guess that's to be expected when we live so far apart right now. I had always sort of scoffed when people would say that absence makes the heart grow fonder. I wish now that I didn't understand it so well.

I'm convinced that the train is running as slowly as it can, and it feels like days have passed since I boarded. I know we're running at least an hour late, so I phone you to break the news.

One ring… two… three… and your voice mail picks up. "Hey, it's me," I say. "We're running at least an hour late… just thought I'd give you a heads up." I close my phone and stare out the window.

* * * * *

I awaken as I realize the train is coming to a stop. "Finally," I think to myself. I glance at my phone to check the time and notice that I have new voicemail. Since the train is underground, no point in trying to check it now.

I grab my bag from overhead and join the line waiting to depart the train. We inch forward, and finally I step off and make my way inside the station. Once inside, I get distracted looking for signs to my next train.

"May I help you with your bag, miss?" I head, accompanied by a hand at my elbow.

"Oh, no thanks," I say hurriedly. "But do you know where I can find the Metra gates?"

"Well, I think I can help you with that. But I do need you to look at me first."

I turn slowly as I realize that the person I thought was a friendly station attendant is actually you. I drop my bag at our feet as a smile finds my lips.

"Er, sorry about that," I say, grinning. "I, uh, didn't expect to see you here!"

"Must not have gotten my message then, eh?" you laugh. "That's ok. I rather enjoyed your reaction this way. But, we do need to go catch our next train."

Picking up my bag, you lead the way through the maze, and soon we're on the next train, traveling back to your place. We ride in silence for a short while.

"Good trip out?" you ask, eager to break the silence.

"Yeah… we moved along pretty well. No major problems. Did you take off work to do this?" I ask.

"Sort of. No big deal. I wasn't going to get anything done waiting around anyway. Hey, how does a day at the coast tomorrow with some of my friends sound?"

"That's ... ok by me," I say, hoping the disappointment isn't too obvious. I'd sort of hoped to have you all to myself, but apparently that's not part of the plan.

"Hey," you say softly, resting your hand on my knee. "I have every intention of making this weekend spectacular and spending every minute alone with you that I can. It's just that my friends really want to meet you. I thought this might be a good compromise."

"It's ok," I say. "I'm just being selfish."

You reach to take my hand in yours, and we ride the rest of the way in silence.

"This is our stop," you say as you stand up. I follow you off the train and out to your car.

It's only a short drive to your house, and for some reason, my nervousness is all too apparent. I take a deep breath and try to calm down. 

I follow you inside, and you show me to my room. Dropping my stuff, I sit on the edge of the bed and look up at you.

"I can't take this anymore," you say, closing the door to the room. You push me backwards into the bed and straddle my hips. You kiss my deeply, your hands grasping my shoulders and pushing me further into the bed.

My hands slide under your shirt and across your chest, forcing your shirt over your head and tossing it off to the side.

You pull back and slide my shirt up past my breasts. You lick the "v" of my cleavage, and use your hands to push my breasts together. You rub my nipples through the satin fabric, and squeeze each breast firmly.

I arch my back to allow you to unfasten my bra. You gently slide my shirt over my head, and then pull my bra off my shoulders. You lean down to suck one nipple, as you pinch the other, motions which cause me to gasp for breath.

You move to stand at the edge of the bed, and unzip your pants. As they fall to the floor, you stand in front of me, and assist me in removing mine. You direct me to move so my hips are at the edge of the bed, directly in front of you.

Your cock is already hard. And you rub yourself against me. I spread my legs and give you a completely clear view of my waiting pussy.

You plunge inside me, pushing in deep. You reach up to grasp my breasts, and move your hips to slowly inch out of me. You enter again, and my pussy tightens around you.

Fucking me slowly, you continue to grasp my breasts and you bury your face in my chest. My fingers tangle in your hair, and I moan as you push deeply into my cunt.

You quicken your pace, and you are fucking me hard and deep now. You nip at my nipple, and waves of pleasure course through my body. I feel my orgasm building as your cock slams into me.

Gripping my breasts, your muscles tighten and I feel you cumming inside me. As your orgasm subsides, mine bubbles over, and my pussy clenches around your cock.

You collapse on top of me, and kiss my neck softly. After a moment's rest, you move to lay beside me. You turn my head to look at you.

"I've missed you," you say quietly.

"I've missed you more," I smile.

We pause in silence for a few minutes before you stand up to redress. "Dinner in an hour?" you ask. "Gives us both time to shower and change and such. You're welcome to go first – I've got a few things I need to do."

Nodding my agreement, I stand up to gather my shower stuff and clothes for the evening. You leave the room, and I head to the shower.

* * * * *

I find my way back to the living room and take a seat on the couch. I must have dozed off, because you're touching my arm and saying, "April …"

I open my eyes and you say, "We can stay in tonight if you'd rather … you're obviously tired."

"How early are we starting tomorrow?" I ask.

"I just said I'd call whenever we got up and that we'd go from there."

"Then tonight's fine – we'll just sleep a little later tomorrow, that's all," I say. "Are you ready and just waiting on me?"

Nodding, you grab your keys and I follow you back out to the car. "Nothing fancy," you say as you open my door. "Just thought it'd be nice to enjoy the company and let someone else do the cooking and clean up tonight."

"Fine by me," I say lightly. "I'll take it and run."

* * * * *

Dinner was nice – very relaxed. Easy conversation, and catching up on the everyday stuff we tend to lose track of. Soon we're finished, although it seems like we'd just arrived. We drive back to your place, or so I thought. The road is different this time, though, I think. You bring the car to a stop, and I realize we are at a ledge overlooking the coast. The sky is clear, so the stars are shining brightly over the ocean.

We get out of the car and lean back against the hood. You point out several constellations, none of which I'd ever been able to see before. As you turn my attention north, I see a falling star.

I turn to ask if you saw it, but you're already looking at me. "You saw it too?" you ask.

"Yeah … I haven't seen one in a really long time."

We stare out at the stars and sea for a bit, and then you lean in to kiss my neck.

"Let's head back … we both need some rest," you whisper.

We get back, and I head into my room to change. You come in to kiss me goodnight, but I stop you before you can leave.

"Stay tonight," I request.

"We both need to sleep … I'm not sure we will if I stay," you protest.

"Oh … I'll sleep. I guarantee that," I laugh. "What you do is completely up to you."

"You're sure?" you ask.

"Quite."

* * * * *

I feel like I'm being watched, I think to myself. I lean over to check the clock, and realize that you're still beside me. 

"Good morning," you say. "I was wondering if I should get up or just lie here and watch you sleep."

"Well, I'm partially awake now anyway," I pull you over to kiss your forehead, and my hand traces circles on your thigh.

"Hey now," you say, laying your hand over mine. "That's a good way to delay the start of our day."

"Oh … really?" I grin, and my left hand finds your thigh, brushing against your cock. My fingertips brush your balls, and you groan as you lay back into the bed.

I move to straddle your legs, and I take you in my hand and stroke you steadily. I feel you growing hard in my grasp. I bend my head to flick my tongue across your head.

As I stroke up with my hand, I move my head lower to lick up your shaft. 

I replace my hand with my mouth and suck you in gently. You prop yourself up on your elbows to watch me suck you.

I am slow and deliberate for the moment, making sure you feel every moment of my tongue. I take you fully in and ever so slowly suck as I come up. I swallow you again quickly, and come up slowly once more.

Your hips move to force you back inside my mouth. Taking the hint, I pick up my pace, pausing to tease and suck your head before swallowing you again.

I feel your muscles tense, and I know you are about to come. I take you back into my mouth, and my eyes rise to meet yours. I keep my eyes locked on yours as you cum, and I swallow all of your hot liquid before releasing you from my mouth.

I lick around your cock again before moving to lie beside you. You kiss my forehead, my neck, and the swell of my breast before laying your head back.

I turn to look at the clock and realize that we must have dozed off, because it's almost 11 o'clock. I wake you to tell you the time, and you reach for the phone to call your friends. As I gather stuff to jump in the shower, you tell them we'll meet them in an hour.

You hang up, and I look at you. "Are we showering together? 'Cause I'm not sure we'll both be ready in an hour otherwise."

"Do you promise to behave?" you ask, raising an eyebrow.

"Only because I must."

* * * * *

We're ready to go with a few minutes to spare, and decide to head out.

We meet your friends at a tiny diner right by the beach. They seem nice … My mind keeps drifting back to yesterday… to the last time I saw you … to the first time I met you. Everywhere but here.

I snap out of it in time to realize that I've just agreed to go out and toss around a Frisbee. We head out, and play for an hour or so. Someone suggests heading to a different area on the beach to grab some drinks and sit and talk a while.

You jog over to walk beside me. "You ok?" you ask, concerned.

"Yeah …"

"We can go, if you want," you suggest.

"No, I'm fine. This will be fun, and I don't want to bail on your friends," I say.

We reach a quiet spot on the beach, not far from a bar. The guys go get drinks while the girls stay at the blanket now spread out on the sand.

We sit and talk for a couple hours before deciding to call it a night. We say out goodbyes, and head to our cars.

The ride is silent for a few moments before you break in to say, "You've been really quiet today…"

"Yeah," I say absently.

You pull off onto a beachside road and stop. Turning to face me, you bring a hand to my face to trace my cheekbone.

"I miss you more than I have words for. I hate being apart from you. But I have to maintain some sense of normalcy out here or I'll go out of my mind! These guys hear about you all the time. I think they thought I was making you up. I had to show you off today – show them who I've been babbling about. I thought … I guess I just thought you'd be okay with it."

Biting my lip, I look up at you. "I know. I am. And I understand, and I'm thrilled that you wanted your friends to meet me. I just … get jealous, I guess. I don't know how long I can go, only seeing you every couple of weeks, or even longer in between.

"It's nothing either of us can change right now. It's just the way it is. I'm sorry I was grumpy and less than sociable today. I hope your friends don't hate me."

"Far from it," you laugh. "In fact, Jeff mentioned that he was a bit jealous!!"

You start the car and we finish the drive to your house. We go inside and I start to head to my room. You stop me, though, and tell me to wait. I wait, patiently, or at least as patiently as I can. You return and sit next to me. 

"I … I'm sorry," I say hesitantly.

"For what?" you ask. "Being honest about how you feel? I wouldn't want it any other way. That's what I love about you. Well, one of the things I love … Anyway, I should have talked to you first – at least not sprung that on you the second you got here. I'm sorry for that."

I take a deep breath and look up at you. You slide an arm behind my shoulders and the other around my neck and pull me in close. You kiss the top of my head.

"Hey," I hear you whisper in my ear. "It's gotten late. Let's go to bed."

* * * * *

It's early when I wake up, and I gingerly get out of bed, trying not to wake you. I throw on my t-shirt and head down to the living room.

I'm writing in my journal when I hear your voice. "You're up early."

You come up behind me, and run your hands along my collarbone. You kiss my earlobe, then my neck. I turn my head and your lips brush my jawbone. "Come back to bed," you whisper.

I follow you back to your bedroom, which has been almost transformed. Red satin sheets now cover your bed, and you've lit candles all over the room. 

You sit at the edge of the bed. I push you back to sit further toward the center, and straddle your legs to push your head back to the pillows.

"Oh, no you don't," you chuckle. "Today is my turn." You move out from beneath me and turn the tables. Next thing I know, I'm the one pinned to the bed, looking up at you and wondering how in the world that happened.

You kiss my nose, my cheek, my forehead. You kiss my lips, pulling yourself into me. I rest my hand on your chest, and I can feel your heartbeat.

You move a bit, and turn to take my nipple in your mouth. The cloth of my shirt provides the perfect buffer against your teeth. Your hands slide beneath it, though, and after massaging my breasts for a moment, you slide the shirt over my head.

Tossing it to the side, you return your mouth to my breast for a quick nibble. You straddle my chest, and reach for the bottle of lube by the bed. You look questioningly at me, and when I nod, you open it to squeeze some onto my breasts and your cock. I rest my elbows on your knees and push my breasts together. You slip your cock between them, and move your hips to fuck my tits.

I tilt my head to meet the tip of your cock as you slide into my breasts. You keep growing harder, and I press my breasts to tighten around you.

You push through my breasts and your cock is just inches above my mouth. I lean up and lick your balls as you squeeze my breasts with your hands. I kiss your throbbing shaft and you groan as you grip me tightly. 

I raise a little to take you in my mouth. You lean back and brace yourself on my thighs. I rest my hands on your hips and lower my mouth over your cock. I take you in slowly, and push back against your hips when you try to force me to take you in completely.

When I finally have you all in me, I slide my hands in toward you and cup your balls in my hand. I such hard on your cock as I gently knead you. You groan and pull out abruptly.

"Not yet," you whisper hoarsely. "I don't know how, but you made this about me again!"

You lean down to kiss me and then kiss down my body, sliding your finger through my now wet slit. Your thumb finds my clit and you rub me lightly.

Pressing my leg out, you lick your finger before slipping it inside me. Stroking me gently, you spread my lips and lean in to flick your tongue across my clit. I gasp, and you increase the pressure on my clit.

My body shakes with the intensity of my orgasm. My pussy tightens around your finger, and you continue fingering me to prolong my pleasure.

Suddenly, you withdraw your finger and quickly replace it with your hot, throbbing cock. You thrust into me, groaning as your crotch rubs against my pussy. 

You barely pull out before grinding into me again. You reach up to grab the headboard to pull yourself into me. When you are inside me as far as you can possibly be, you lean down to kiss me. Your hands find my nipples and you pinch me hard. I moan and arch my hips into you.

You pull out, about halfway, before slamming back into me. You maintain your grip on your nipples, knowing that drives me wild.

You barely pull out before grinding into me again. You reach up to grab the headboard to pull yourself into me. When you are inside me as far as you can possibly be, you lean down to kiss me. Your hands find my nipples and you pinch me hard. I moan and arch my hips into you.

You pull out, about halfway, before slamming back into me. You maintain your grip on my nipples, knowing that drives me wild.

Again and again you slam into me, and I grasp your arms in my hands. You pull out suddenly, and I feel your cum land on my stomach. You release my nipples and lean down to kiss my neck before collapsing next to me.

"Well, now what? I can't exactly move now … " I laugh quietly.

You chuckle, then reach over and stroke my cheek. "You don't need to go anyway, right? No train home… just stay. Here."

"You know I wish I could. And you know I would in a heartbeat if it was at all possible," I say wistfully.

"I know."

"I, um, should shower, I guess," I sigh, getting up.

I shower quickly, then get dressed. I throw my stuff in my bag and head downstairs. You've been busy while I was getting ready, as breakfast is ready when I get there. After grabbing a quick bite, we load my stuff into your car and we're off to the train station.

My train is actually on time when we get there, and we've got just enough time for a kiss goodbye. I promise to call as soon as I get home, and join the growing line to get on the train. You stand by the window to watch as my train leaves.

When the station is no longer visible, I get up to get my book from my bag. My cell is ringing, and I pull it from my purse. It's a text message, from you, that says simply, "I <3 You."