 "Where are you?" She asked me. She had a sweet voice; just listening to it would put me at ease. But tonight I had one thing on my mind. And it was quite a naughty thing to have on one's mind. But what can you do?

"Driving home from a dinner with some friends," I lied. I was actually a good ten minutes away from her house, driving towards it. Aiming to surprise her; I had been driving for a day practically. I was dead tired halfway through, so I decided to take a nap at a hotel during the meantime. I'd need my energy.

"How was it?" She inquired in that sweet voice that just made me weak.

"Good. Couldn't stop thinking about you though. You have no idea how badly I want you," I mumbled in my deeper sort of phone voice, knowing she liked it. She let out one of those subconscious moans she does, letting me know I was on the right track.

The next ten minutes went by all too fast. My driving hand alternated between rubbing my crotch and holding the steering wheel. I couldn't help it. I was fired up, and with a destination finally. I stopped a good hundred yards from her house and closed the door as lightly as I could. I tended to slam doors, and I wasn't risking on ruining the surprise. Inevitably the conversation had slipped into one of our bouts of quasi phone sex, and we were having a more than lovely time turning each other on to unimaginable levels. I crouched down around the side of her house, no small feat considering my size, and lowered my voice. I didn't want her or anyone to hear or see my sneaking up.

"You know I love you, darling... I'd give anything to see you right now," I told her as I crouched outside her window, a grin on my face. I knew I could probably get arrested for this, if some neighbor spotted me, but oh well. She was worth it.

"I would too... I wish you were here."

"You know I'm coming to visit you, right?"

She practically squealed, but then remembered the others in the house. She stammered out a, "When?!" as fast as she could, and I chuckled and tapped lightly on the window.

"What's that?" I asked her, feigning that I had heard it through the phone. I might have, actually, had I not been the one doing it.

"I asked you when," she insisted again, not understanding me.

"No, what's that sound?" I knocked again, waiting.

"I don't know... probably a bird or something."

"Go check," I told her, and I tapped again, almost rhythmically.

She grumbled and sighed, walking over and crouching down to look through the window, "It looks like... a person?" 

She would very likely have been rendered into a screaming fit at this would be burglar, but I then raised my voice and said, "Boo," so that she could hear me both through the phone and the window. She dropped the phone and clapped her hands over her mouth to conceal the huge grin her face was taking on. She reached over with both hands to open the window, and in her fervor it practically looked like she was trying to rip it off. She eventually did open it and succeeded in dragging my all too large ass into the room. I fell onto her floor with a thud, only to be tackled by her.

"Baby!" she squealed, trying to keep her voice low, as she flung all four of her limbs around me and squeezed me tight, "How'd you get here?!"

"Um... car," I murmured in reply, and then was about to say something else, but her hands cupped both sides of my face and dragged my lips up to hers. I was all too happy to oblige. That first kiss was quite the passionate one; it seemed to last for days. At the end of it we were both panting from a lack of breath, "Damn girl, easy there, I'm not going anywhere."

With that little bit of knowledge, she more gingerly leaned down again to give me a most ever soft, loving kiss. That omnipresent grin on her face slid away every time her lips puckered to brush and nibble mine, only to return once they moved away. It felt like forever and a day, but that forever was a very happy forever, and that day was... incredible. After our rather long and leisurely session of making out, my hands had inevitably been exploring. One of my hands was clutching on to dear life upon her ass while my other had firmly buried itself underneath her loose shirt, kneading the soft muscle of one of her breasts. She grinned, probably not realizing she was unconsciously grinding down on my crotch, kissed me on the nose, and came to a stand. 

I laid there on the ground; relaxing, staring up at her. She turned around, after giving me a quick wink, and scurried off to go lock the door. I too got a rather wide grin as I heard that sweet 'click' of a lock and I scrambled backward to hop up on her bed. Both of my hands flew out behind me to prop myself up against the mattress, with my legs just slightly spread. I stared at her bare feet and allowed my gaze to travel upward along her supple legs. Soft and pale, the occasional small bruise from her work or slight imperfection marred the landscape that would otherwise be known as only heavenly. My eyes reached her ass. Those beautiful orbs of flesh were concealed just barely by the fabric of a pair of boxers, far too loose then to reveal what I wanted to get at. 

And then she turned around, causing my ever-searching eyes to land upon her breasts. A darting tongue instinctively wet my lips as my eyes drank up that gorgeous sight. Two heaving breasts barely contained by the flimsy cotton of a small baby t-shirt were staring me in the face with two tautly drawn nipples. And then my eyes reached her face. I was all at once startled and extremely aroused by the look on her face. A Cheshire Cat grin lay a few inches below the most piercing, erotic eyes I'd ever seen. She looked like a hungry lioness on the prowl.

"Mmm. You like what you see, baby?" She asked me then tucked her bottom lip into her mouth cutely. It seemed like I was being drawn into her face, but I soon realized that she was walking toward me, her hands on the hem of her shirt. But only for a moment; that shirt was thrown at me, and I chuckled and grinned as I caught it, before throwing it off to the side.

Where before I was gazing at her face, now I was gazing at her breasts. Bared and jiggling slightly from side to side, she made it a point to shimmy her shoulders so her bosom would swing either way as she walked toward me. I scooted forward on the bed so only a bare few inches of my caboose was teetering on the edge of that bed. She came to stand between my legs, her taut nipples hanging a mere inch or two from my mouth. And so I drank. I lifted both of my hands up to cup the sides of her breasts, as my mouth latched down upon that proffered nipple. Her moan hit my ears like music as my tongue bathed over the fleshy muscle. After loving that breast for a few moments I left a trail of kisses over her panting breasts toward her second nipple. And so I too sucked upon that one, causing her to gasp in sweet agony and her knees to wobble slightly.

"Stop, baby," she mumbled, smiling down at me as I pulled away from her sweet breasts with a confused look on my face. I soon caught the idea of what she was getting at, as her shaky legs buckled at the knees and she dropped down. Her hands rested upon my thighs, but only for a moment. Sliding her palms up my legs, she gripped her small fingers upon my zipper and pulled it down. I lifted my hips so I could help her pull my bottoms off, and in a moment she had my shaft free in the night air. I wasn't a porn star or anything, I mean I was all right, but the way she looked at my cock made me harder than I'd ever been. When she licked her lips and moaned softly I practically came right there, but I held off.

Tentatively reaching out, she wrapped her hand around the base of it. She had a reverent look on her face, almost as if she both loved, and was scared of what she held. With the smoothest of grace she leaned down and pressed her pursed lips against the head of it, kissing it gently like a knight might kiss a hand. Emboldened by the yearning twitch my shaft gave, she responded with a small lick upon it, and then another larger one all along its base. 

I was in heaven. I felt her mouth engulf my hard-on and I leaned back to prop myself lazily up on the bed. One of my hands reached out to gently sweep the hair out of her face and tuck it behind her ear, so I could watch her as she went down on me. It seemed she had decided she wanted to watch me too, because he eyes were locked on mine. Filled with loving and passion, those blissful eyes that gazed up at me made me melt in due time into a gibbering, groaning lunatic.

Flexing fingers of mine gripped the bed sheets as one of her hands stroked over the base of my cock while the other gently passed my balls through her fingertips. Her mouth was working some kind of crazy magic on my shaft. I probably couldn't tell you how long this went on. Hell, at the time I couldn't even tell you my middle name. I was so close to coming, but I didn't want to since I had other plans for her. But just as I was thinking that, her mouth opened wide and she sank even deeper onto my lap, until her lips touched base. My hips bucked involuntarily, and I was thrown into the hardest orgasm of my life, spilling into her mouth with jets of salty liquid.

Once my eyes opened again I stared at her with wide eyes. I couldn't believe she'd just deep throated me, it seemed like something only hookers and porn stars knew how to do. But there she was kneeling between my legs, the head of my softening shaft resting slightly on her lower lip. She had a grin that was very belying of the cat who ate the canary, and she let out a moan of satisfaction.

"You taste so good, you know," she said sheepishly and then blushed at what she had just said. Placing her hands on the band of her boxers she came to a stand, leaving her boxers on the floor. Standing naked before me, my eyes roved over her. I was all too ready to go again, this goddess of mine standing nude before me revitalized my libido. I stood up and put on a strip show for her, and she sat down on the bedspread legged as her quivering pussy pouted and oozed with sweet liquid. 

Flinging my clothes haphazardly off to the side, I dropped to my knees. Hoping to return the favor my lover had given me, my mouth descended upon her hot sex. I inserted one finger teasingly into her hole to test her reaction, which was a most joyous one. Her stifled moans rang out of her throat, and I slipped two more fingers inside of her.

Her hips flexed and writhed as I pumped three digits up into her, groping a few inches inward for her g-spot. I then pressed my tongue flatly into her clit and ground up into that small rigid place, causing her back to arch as she squealed out in ecstasy. Time came to a standstill as all that became of my world was two thighs wrapped around my head, and a whimpering pussy lying before me. I suddenly felt a hand grip the back of my head and pull me off of my lover's mound. I was vaguely aware of the several times she came, punctuating my time spent partaking of her by the tightening and the bucking of her hips, but I was otherwise unaware of how long or what had passed.

"Honey, wait," she commanded me, causing me to look up at her in a puzzled way, "I need it. Please. Just stick it in. Fuck me," she whimpered. But she didn't stop there. Not even waiting for me to answer, she begged again, "Please, fuck me. Please." Oh how she knew I loved to be begged.

To exercise her point, she reached out and grabbed my shoulders, trying to pull me atop her. I was a big guy compared to her, and there wasn't anyway she was manhandling me like that but for the sake of her sanity I followed along.

I placed my hands on either side of her waist and nestled my hips firmly between her thighs. My lips met hers in a fevered, hungry kiss, and her hand snaked between us to grab me by the cock. I was at her mercy, but I wasn't going to struggle as she pulled me into her awaiting lips. Digging her heels into my ass, she drove me into her. I slid rock bottom into her with a slippery pop, and an extraordinary squishing sound. Man, was she wet.

I loved the sound of our sexes gently pressing back and forth against each other. Her eyes closed and her face contorted in painful ecstasy, but still I continued on. I made it a point to steady my breathing, and keep my gaze upon her. I knew she didn't need me to hold off to come, she had always been quick to come, but I wished to savor this most lovely of sensations. Her hands clawed at my back, gripping for some purchase upon the vast musculature of my back, as her feet dug deep into my rear, barely allowing me to draw my hips back before pulling them forward again.

Her eyes snapped open then, and she looked into my eyes. Those eyes, those gorgeous color-changing eyes began to widen and she started to stare through me rather than at me. Her mouth made an orgasmic O as her moans became more high pitched and uncontrolled. She always made a point of keeping quiet at night, but she was radically losing control.

I gripped my fingertips into her thick hips and ground my hips back and forth as she tensed up in orgasm, hips bucking up against mine as she let out a squeal of agony. And then she fell back panting, chest heaving as she stared up at the ceiling in the afterglow of her climax. I wasn't about to relent, however; I kept sliding my hips back and forth into her warmth, feeling the wonderful friction encasing my shaft. Soon enough she was back into the action too, moaning softly and clutching at my back.

"Come for me baby. Come in me," she whined softly into my ear as she clasped her hand around the back of my neck, pulling me into her for a fierce kiss. That did it; I was pounding into her swiftly now, looking only for release. She goaded me on by whispering dirty words and calling out my name into my ear.

With one last forceful push, I let out a strangled groan and buried myself into her with spasmodic thrusts. Her name passed my lips as my face fell into her throat. A smile was on my face as I kissed gently on her throat, and the most delightful little giggling sound came out from her shuddering form. I shared in that soft laughter as I pulled one of her sheets over the both of us, and we both soon found ourselves in delightful slumber.