 We had been talking on ICQ for over a year. I learned a lot about her. Her husband, her kids, her life, the business they were trying to sell, her plans to emigrate. At a little while she seemed interested in playing on line but then something changed. Her husband knew she was talking to men online and wasn't real happy about it. As we got more and more sexual on line I think she realized that what we were getting closer to doing would be considered cheating by most everyone including herself. By this time we had become good friends so when she told me we couldn't keep on playing in a sexual way, I accepted it and we simply kept developing our friendship. Every now and then, we would still tease each other, but she didn't want things to go very far so we always stopped before doing anything she would be ashamed of.

This went on for a year or so. During this, she and her husband has sold their business, her son and his family had emigrated and were living in L.A. and she had moved in with them. Her husband was planning on coming over later after finishing up some other business. She had been lived with her son and his family for about 4 months when I got sent to L.A. on business.

We had half joked about meeting for lunch if I was ever in town, never really thought it would happen and we weren't sure it was a good idea. We had found each other to be very appealing as we talked over the past year plus. She was not happy with her sex life, feeling her husband wasn't adventurous enough in that part of their life. She knew that wouldn't be a problem with me.

So despite the danger, she agreed to meet me for lunch at a beach-side restaurant in Venice Beach. In the days leading up to my trip, we joked about the naughty things we could buy, the things we shouldn't do when we met. At some point I told her not to wear panties or a bra, she just laughed. We agreed that lunch would be nice, but that we would have to behave. Neither of us wanted to do anything she would regret later, nothing that would endanger her marriage. That was the agreement and I was prepared to stick to it. Really I was.

I arrived at the appointed restaurant a little early, dressed for L.A. Shorts, a collared shirt and sandals. I went ahead and got a table on the patio. It was a beautiful day. We had exchanged many pics (including some nudes of me) so we knew who we were looking for. I saw her walking up the sidewalk. I was stunned. Based on what we had discussed, I expected her to be dressed somewhat conservatively. I was wrong. She was wearing a short skirt, and a tight blouse. It was clear as I watched her walk that she didn't have on a bra. She saw me looking at her and waved. She joined me at our table. I stood up to greet her, planning on a handshake or maybe a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She came to me, took my hand and brought her lips to mine. Not a big kiss. But a kiss anyway.

She sat down as I held her chair. As I moved back to my seat, I just ran my hand down her arm. We ordered drinks and just looked at each other for a while. Then we laughed. It was a little weird. I was having a debate with myself. I found her to be very attractive and the way she was dressed, the kiss, the little touches had me horny and wanting to bend her over the table and fuck her right there in the restaurant. But I had promised that I would behave. The good side and the evil side would continue this debate throughout lunch. Eventually one side would have to win.

We had a nice lunch. I had some seafood linguini and she had a Caesar salad. We spent the time eating and talking and laughing, occasionally touching hands, or feet. Every contact was noticed. It was like a little spark of electricity. Raising the tension. Meanwhile my internal battle continued. As she laughed, I could she her nipples jiggling against her blouse. For dessert, we shared a piece of cheese cake covered with strawberries. All in a all a wonderful meal.

Once the cheesecake was all gone and the bill settled, we decided to go for a walk on the boardwalk. As we left the restaurant my hand found hers. More sparks. I knew we would get along well, that was clear from our on-line chats. We were just totally at ease with each other. We continued to talk and laugh and smile and enjoy the view. We walked out onto the boardwalk leading out to the pier. We stopped into one of those shops selling tourist trinkets. I bought her a little stuffed bear. We saw one of those photo booth and stepped in to get our picture taken.

Four pictures. The first picture was just a sort of standard picture, us cheek to cheek grinning at the camera. In the next picture I was giving her a peck on the cheek. Picture three she gave me a peck in the cheek. Nothing real intense yet. Then picture four.

Picture four changed everything. After her peck on the cheek, I turned to look at her. Something in her eyes said kiss me, so I did. I leaned forward bringing our lips closer together, so did she. Our lips met, my mouth opened, her mouth opened and our tongues me in the middle. I didn't expect this. The whole lunch date had changed in a brief electric instant. The camera flashed, the little strip of pictures slid into the tray, but the kiss didn't stop. I felt her hands on my shoulders then her arms around me. We moved closer together bodies molding into each other. Then, as if she had just come out of a dream, she pulled away from me. She had this look. Lust, and fear, and confusion all at the same time. This was much more than she had planned on doing, this date or any other date with me.

But I think she liked it. She just smiled a little and took my hand. I grabbed that little strip of pictures and we left the booth, me holding the strip of picture, her carrying the little stuffed bear. As we left the shop, I put my arm around her and she moved closer to me. We walked along the boardwalk and out onto the pier. My arm around her shoulder, and her arm around my waist. We walked to the edge of the pier, and stopped to look out at the Pacific Ocean. She turned and leaned against the railing, I moved in behind her, wrapping my arms around her. Not exactly fondling her breasts, but rubbing them with my arms, she pushed back against me, molding her body against mine again. I could feel my cock starting to harden, I assumed she could as well. We stood like that, my body molded against her back, her leaning against the railing. We just talked and laughed and smiled.

I felt her pushing back from the railing so I moved back to give her some room. She turned to face me and moved closer to me. Her face turned up to mine and we kissed again. Our mouths opened, our tongues met and danced their own wonderful dance. I felt her arms wrap around my neck as her body to mine. I could feel her hard nipples pressing against my chest. She pushed her hips forward and I know she could feel my erection pushing on her belly. The kiss got more intense, more sexual. I reached up and started to fondle her breast. She pulled me closer, harder into the, her mouth almost attacking mine. After a kiss that seemed to last forever, she relaxed her grip on me and we ended our kiss.

But we were still holding each other. My hand fell away from her breast, we smiled. I took her hand and we started walking back up the pier. We didn't talk much as we walked. I was hoping my hard on didn't show too much, I didn't know what would happen next. We got back to the restaurant where we should have gone our separate ways. We didn't. I took her in my arms. We should have been saying good bye. We weren't. I should have kissed her on the cheek, maybe a hug, but I didn't.

I kissed her. She kissed back. My arms wrapped around her, my hands found her ass. I pulled her close to me, and she grabbed me harder. We kissed and then we kissed some more. People were having to walk around us on the sidewalk. Diners were watching us. My hand wandered up to her breast. I could feel her nipples under my fingers, getting harder. Her breathing got quicker. She molded herself closer to me. We should have gone to our separate cars, but we went to mine. It was not a spoken decision, we just moved that way. When we broke from our kiss, I just put my arm around her and we walked to my car. I opened the door for her and she just got in. I watched her slide into the seat, watched her legs, hoping to see a flash of panty. I looked at her breasts with her nipples poking against the soft material of her blouse. I closed her door and moved to my side.

As I opened my car door and got into the car I just looked over at her. It took a second for me to recognize what had changed. I then realized what it was, she had opened another button on her blouse. Just looking over I could see her nipple. I had felt it and knew it was large. I had seen its outline through the blouse and knew it was long. Now I could see it and it was magnificent. The color of chocolate, thick as my little finger and about very long. I leaned over to kiss her and my hand found its way into her blouse. Feeling her nipple, rolling it between my fingers. I pulled back to my seat, and put on my seat belt. I got the car started and headed away from the pier. I was excited and anxious and nervous and a little confused. I laid my hand on her thigh, feeling her bare skin and pushing her skirt up.

But I had to stop. I had made a promise and hard as it was, I was going to keep it. At least that was my intention. I pulled off the road, into a strip mall parking lot. I looked at her and asked her if this was what she really wanted. I was very fond of her and didn't want to get laid only to lose my friend from a massive case of the "Oh No's". So I stopped in front of 'El Rodeo Family Mexican Restaurant' and asked her. "Maria, what is happening here? We had agreed that we would remain friends, that becoming lovers would violate your vows. I agreed to respect that. Now it seems as if you are willing to go where we had agreed not to go." I took her hand and put it between my legs where she could feel my hard on. "Clearly I want you, but I don't want to do anything you will regret later."

She kept her hand on my hard on, and leaned over to kiss me. I turned to her and we started to kiss hard, out tongues mixing and mingling. She broke away from the kiss and settled back into her seat. She just looked at me and said, "Shut up and take me to your room."

So I did.

It was a short drive to my hotel, and my hand was on her thigh the whole time. We got to the hotel garage. I parked between two huge SUV's, something I would not normally do, but it gave us a little privacy in the garage. I un-hooked my seatbelt, then hers and leaned over to kiss her while reaching into her blouse to play with her nipples. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me with a passion and intensity that took my breath away. She then pushed me back into my seat, and leaned over my crotch. She unzipped my pants and pulled my erection out. It felt so good in her hand, so small and warm. Then she took me in her mouth. I was in heaven. She sucked me for a few minutes, reaching into my pants to play with my balls. I was close to coming when she sat back up, buttoned up her blouse and started to get out of the car. I zipped up as quick and I could and got out as well.

We walked, hand in hand to the elevator. Once in the elevator we started to kiss again. I reached down and started to rub her pussy through her panties. Then I kneeled down and pulled them off her. As the elevator took us up to my floor, I started to lick and blow on her luscious snatch. The bell rang in the elevator as it slowed at my floor. I stood up and draped my arm around her shoulders, my left hand resting on her hard nipple. As the door opened, an older couple was waiting to get in. The could see where my hand was. We just smiled and headed off to my room.

As we walked down the hallway to my room, she put her arm around me and started to play with my ass. I got my key card out and opened the door. The door opened in and we almost fell into the room. We started to kiss again, with my hand on her breasts, pinching and rolling her nipples between my fingers. She broke from the kiss and pushed me back. She went to the TV and turned on the jazz radio station. Kenny G was on playing one of his many love songs. She closed her eyes and started dancing to the music. As she danced, she started to open the remaining buttons on her blouse. She opened her blouse and let it fall to the floor. I had seen her breasts, but never this openly. They were beautiful. Dark chocolate brown nipples on absolutely perfect breasts, dark and perfectly shaped. Still dancing slowly she unzipped the side of skirt and let it fall to the floor. Wonderful. Light brown skin, black hair, brown eyes, toned dancers legs, neatly trimmed pussy hair. Absolutely Wonderful.

I stood there transfixed, staring at absolute beauty. She walked towards me and started to unbutton my shirt. She removed my shirt and then started to open my pants. I could do little but stand there as she slowly undressed me. My pants fell to my ankles, and I stepped out of my sandals and pants. I was almost in a trance, then she touched my cock. I had been hard since the pier and it was so hard it almost hurt. I picked her up and carried her to the bed. I moved between her legs and started to attack her pussy with my lips and tongue and teeth and fingers.

She lay back and started moaning. The first time I slid a finger into her juicy wetness she flinched but then she spread her legs as I felt her hand on the back of my head, pushing my mouth onto her lips. She started to buck her hips, pushing herself into my face. I would take my tongue from the little place between her ass and her lips and lick all the way to her clit, sliding it as deeply as possible into her. Then I would suck her clit between my lips and just run the tip of my tongue back and forth over her little nub.

She started to moan, her legs closed around my head, her hand pushed me even harder onto her sex. I was licking and nibbling and sucking and she was bucking and moaning louder and louder. As she approached her orgasm, she started bucking and thrashing around the bed like a woman possessed. Her legs were squeezing my head, her hips were pulsing, she was moaning louder and louder. Then the dam broke. She went rigid, squeezing my head even harder, and her juices just flooded from an already drenched pussy. I was licking as best I could, trying to lap up all the juice she was giving me.

I slowed down on her pussy as she began to relax, her legs let go of my head. I looked up and started to move up beside her, she pulled my face to hers. We kissed deep and hard then she started to lick her pussy juices from my mouth and chin. We started kissing again and then she pushed me onto my back.

She moved over me and took my cock into her hand.

She lowered herself onto my cock, engulfing me in warmth and moisture and pleasure.

Her hips met mine.

She just stayed there for a minute. I could feel her pussy gripping my cock. Then she lifted herself up until I was barely in her. She dropped herself down on me again and started to ride my cock

It was like nothing I had ever felt before. She was squatting on me, resting on the balls of her feet, not on her knees. As she moved up and down her pussy was grabbing me. She threw her head back and closed her eyes, lost in the sensation of our union. I reached up and started to play with her wonderful breasts. Pinching and rolling her nipples between my fingers. Taking her whole breast in my hand and squeezing. And she continued to slide up and down on my cock. It was the most incredible feeling, her pussy grabbing my cock, the walls of her pussy rubbing along its head. I had been hard a long time and wouldn't last long. I told her so and she just kept going, her strokes getting longer and longer, my cock almost coming out of her pussy before she would lower herself back down until she had my cock buried deep in her pussy. I could feel it coming. This orgasm started in my toes. My whole body started to twitch. I was moaning and cursing and grunting. I had no control over anything and then the gates opened. She pushed her pussy down on me hard and leaned over to kiss me. I could feel my cock twitching and squirting and twitching and squirting again. I don't think I ever came so much or so long or so hard. And all the time she is kissing me and pinching my nipples. One last pulse through my cock and I was done. My cock started to soften and my whole body went limp. I couldn't move, couldn't think, couldn't talk. She started to slowly stroke up and down on my cock as it went soft until my cock popped out of her pussy and fell on my thigh.

"That was even better than I imagined" she said. I didn't really understand. We had had very little foreplay and it wasn't clear to me that she had cum, but she seemed very happy.

"I'm glad you had a good time" I said, "but I am hoping that we have more time."

"I have all afternoon." she told me as she lay next to me.

I was reaching the point where I could move again and I started to stroke her face, brushing gently across her cheek and dragging my fingernails lightly across her forehead. She closed her eyes and relaxed. I rolled towards her and started to kiss her face. Her eyes, her cheeks, her chin and her forehead. Kissing her and there and the other place. Then I started kissing my way down. Nibbling on her ears, kissing and biting her neck licking her chest. Then I reached her breasts. I was having a religious experience. I was worshiping at the body of a goddess. I kissed and licked all around her breasts, but I only "accidentally" brushed he nipples and I explored the most magnificent breasts I had ever seen. Her eyes were closed and her skin was flushed. I could feel her raising herself to get closer to my mouth.

I gently took her left nipple into my mouth. I heard her take a deep breath as my tongue and lips and teeth started to tease and play with her nipple. I started to roll her other nipple between my fingers. I played with her nipple, rolling my tongue around it, flicking it with the tip of my tongue, blowing it dry, biting it gently, then harder. As I bit down, she grabbed my head and pulled it onto her breast. I opened my mouth and took as much of her breast into my mouth as I could. Flicking her nipple with my tongue and dragging my teeth on her skin until my teeth closed around her nipple once again. She was starting to moan don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop. Almost whispering, almost whimpering, lifting herself up to push her breast towards me and then she started to rock her hips. Her body went rigid as her orgasm hit. He face was almost contorted and blissful at the same time. She was breathing short and fast breathes. I lifted my mouth off of her nipple and just flicked it with my tongue, then pulled away and blew on it until it was dry. Her body started to relax as I lay next to her. I reached for her right nipple to keep playing with it and she pushed my hand away. My hand made its way down towards her pussy and she pushed it away again. "Don't" she said, "Let me recover" and then she pushed me back on the bed and lay her head on my chest, on hand on tweaking my nipple and one leg thrown over mine. I wrapped my arms around her and gave her a gentle hug.

Her breathing changed, her hand stopped moving and it seemed she was asleep. I don't know if I have ever been as content as I was at that moment. I was in bed with an incredible and beautiful woman, we had shared pleasure the likes of which I had never known, and she was sleeping on me. Nothing in the world outside mattered at that moment and everything in the room was perfect. She woke with a little bit of a start and looked into my eyes. A smile, almost evil, incredibly blissful came to her face. "I think I fell asleep."
