 I was having one of those days at work dealing with customer and employee problems. Nothing different than any other day I have had over the last month. I walked around the office wondering what I should do first, and decided that this was a good time to just say the hell with it, and decided today was going to be a good day because I was leaving for the day. 

I looked over at my co-worker and let her know I would not be available unless it was really important, then I grabbed my keys and headed out the door. I really didn’t know where I was going or where I would end up, I just knew it wasn’t going to be at work. 

As I drove around for an hour headed for nowhere, I decided to stop downtown and drop in on a friend who worked in an office building downtown. I walked into his office and spent the better part of the morning chatting and we headed out to lunch together. As we left his office his cell phone rang and he told me he got bad news and couldn’t go to lunch. I was thinking shit, what am I going to do now. I headed down the elevator to another floor where I do some business, and after a short visit there I headed for the main lobby. I was shocked when the doors opened to see someone I had not seen for years. 

Erin was a little more than half my age, but she always did something for me. From the day I met her, I was attracted to her, but I never said anything to her because someone this hot, must have guys all over her every day, throwing her every line in the book. Erin was warm and fun to be around and I won’t lie and tell you I wasn’t checking her out every chance I had. 

When Erin and I saw each other we both smiled and she came over and gave me a hug. I could feel her breasts pressing against my chest and how good it felt to be holding her. We talked for a little while and then I figured it was probably a good idea to leave before I came out and said something stupid like “Can I hug you again, because I really like feeling your tits against me!” 

A couple of days later I had to do business in the same building and I was hoping I would see Erin in the building again. When I got to the building I was disappointed to see someone else working behind her desk. I found myself asking the person when she worked and found out she only worked part time and would be in the next afternoon. Of course the next afternoon I found myself back downtown and in that same building again. I said hello to her and want and did the things I had to do. (I really did have work to do in the building… really!) When I was done I went downstairs and saw Erin and quickly we both started chatting. I asked her several questions about what she was up to these days and if she had a boyfriend. Erin told me she was in a long distance relationship that was very difficult and frustrating. I ended up spending much more time than I had in the building that day and all I could think about after I left was Erin. 

That night I found myself laying in bed thinking about Erin and about the hug. I couldn’t stop thinking about the feeling of her breasts pressing against me, and the more I thought about it, the more turned on I got. I ended up touching myself while I lay there and the next thing I knew I was jerking off with an image of Erin in my head, and squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples. I wondered what her nipples looked like and how hard they would get if I pinched and pulled them. I thought about sucking them and squeezing them, and then what they would look like with my cum on them. The instant that image came into my head I was ready to cum. I tried to slow down and enjoy the feeling a little longer, but as soon as I pictured my cum on her tits, I was done. 

Shortly after I finished cleaning up I was thinking how odd it was that I was so captured with this girl that I would fantasize about her after only seeing her a couple of times, this was so outside my normal routine. Almost all the time I have to resort to an old time fantasy and it takes a long time to get it just right to the point it could drive me over the edge. Why was Erin affecting me this way? I knew I was in trouble because since I’m a question person, I knew I would question this over and over until I came up with an answer. 

Over the next couple of weeks I found myself rearranging my schedule when I could so I would “run into” Erin during my day. It was always great to see her smile and unreal beautiful eyes always made me feel welcome. One day I got downtown a little later than normal and found Erin preparing to leave for the day. I asked her if she wanted a ride home, not having any idea where she lived and she said sure. This would be a day to remember. 

The ride home would take about 45 minutes. The first 15 minutes of the ride was filled with chat about the weather and things like that. The next 15 minutes of the ride was focused around relationships and frustration for her and her long distance relationship. Not long after the conversation turned to sex and almost instantly I found myself getting turned on, and awkward because of the fantasy’s I had been using to jerk off with Erin as the focus. For some reason it was really easy to open up to Erin, and her honesty and her willingness to answer very personal questions had me getting more turned on by the minute. Once we arrived at Erin’s place we exchanged email and chat addresses and left her and headed home. I didn’t see Erin the rest of that week, but every time I jerked off she was my focus and I wondered if she was feeling anything about our chat in the car. 

Saturday night had me sitting in front of my computer surfing and reading porn stories when all of a sudden I got an instant message from Erin asking if I was there. I quickly answered the message and we got to chatting about sex almost right away. We teased each other a little and then started sharing fantasies with each other. Erin told me about her fantasy about being taken by a cop on his desk, and a second cop walking in, and I shared one of my fantasies about Cumming on a girl after I fucked her, and then going down on her… wait a minute… did I just share that with someone? I had never told anyone that fantasy before. Erin didn’t seem to be offended by it, and she didn’t miss a beat and we kept talking about other scenarios and my fetish for women’s panties. After chatting for about an hour we both figured out we had cams and we could see each other. I can’t even explain how I felt when I saw her sitting in front of me on the computer screen. Erin and I kept talking about Sex and she asked if I wanted to see some lingerie she had just purchased. Like I was going to say no. Erin sent me some erotic pics that were tastefully done of her in different sets of panties and one of her in a camisole and panties. I was so hard looking at these pictures that I thought I might even cum without touching myself. Erin started telling me about a new bra she had that she really liked and I asked her if I could see that too. She said sure and much to my surprise she slipped off her t-shirt and she was wearing it. There in front of me were the tits I had been fantasizing to in a sexy bra on my computer screen. Erin sat in front of the computer while we chatted for about 15 minutes then she slipped a sweat shirt on. I wish I had asked her to please let me look a little longer, but I didn’t want to seem so desperate. Erin and I chatted for another half hour or so, and then we both had to get to bed. Needless to say I had something I had to do before I feel asleep.

Over the next couple of weeks I didn’t have a chance to get into see Erin because my work schedule wouldn’t allow it, but I thought about her almost every day, until one day I finished early and stopped by to offer her a ride. 

Erin said she would love a ride and we headed off towards her place. I had decided to make an effort to talk to her about things other than sex so she wouldn’t think I was just another perv trying to make it with her. Erin didn’t give me that chance. Shortly after getting in the car we were teasing each other and talking about fantasy and I would start asking her questions about things she liked and didn’t like in bed. 

After a long conversation about giving and getting head I decided to try and put my hand on Erin’s leg. Erin didn’t stop me, so I left it there and moved it around a little to see how she would respond. Erin left my hand there and just kept talking. I asked her if I could move my hand up her leg more to see how she would respond. She asked how far I wanted to move it, and I told her I wanted to move it as far as she would let me. There was a long pause and Erin tried to change the subject. I asked again, and again Erin tried to change the subject. I then pointed out that she was changing the subject and she laughed. After a short period I moved my hand away and laughed and asked if I could at least feel her tits. This caused us both to laugh, and I told Erin that I was feeling the effects of our conversation. Her response was “Good, then I’m not the only one.” 

This was what I was looking for. Now I knew we were in the same place with all the teasing going on. We were just pulling into the parking lot at Erin’s place and I asked her again if I could touch her. Erin responded by asking me where and turning toward me. I held the back of my hand out towards her breast and noticed she was blushing. Erin looked me in the eye and slowly turned her breast towards my hand brushing it ever so slightly. The contact was only for a fraction of a second, however because it was done so tactfully I was instantly hard.

We looked at each other and I asked if I could walk her to the door. Erin said “Yes, let’s go now.” I got out of the car and followed her up to her door. When we got to the door she turned around and looked at me. We stared at each other and smiled for a few seconds but it felt like minutes. Erin slowly turned and unlocked the door, looked at me, then opened the door and walked in without losing eye contact. I walked in behind her and closed the door, and while Erin turned to drop her purse on the steps inside her place, I stepped up behind her and put both arms around her and pulled her back into me. Erin put her arms on mine and I felt her pushing her back into me no doubt feeling my hardness against her ass. I kissed her neck and was running my hands across her tummy and up and down her sides making sure I only teased her. Then I grabbed her arms and put them up against the wall above her head like she was about to be frisked. What a coincidence… she was about to be frisked. 

Erin was pushing her ass against me as I started slowly running my hands down her arms to her shoulders then down her sides brushing the edge of her breasts. Up and down the side of her torso, but never really touching her breasts. Erin was breathing heavier now, and I started rubbing her hips and sides of her legs. After moving my hands up and down her sides from her hips to her shoulders I then went lower and along the backs of her legs. I could still her Erin taking each breath and when my hands came up along the back of her legs to her ass I heard her take a short breath, I knew I was turning her on. 

I had my legs bent down so I was kissing her back just above her ass, and running my hands on the inside of her legs above her knees. Erin was holding her breath waiting for my hands to slowly get higher and higher, but they didn’t, I stopped, stood up, grabbed her hips, and pushed myself against her ass. She pushed back. 

I then started rubbing my hands on her back and sides again, moving them around to her tummy and up higher until my index fingers and thumbs were circling the bottom of her breasts. I could feel the under wire of her bra against my thumbs and index fingers. This made my cock jump and get harder, and I knew Erin could feel it too. I slowly slide my hands over her tits and squeezed firmly. I thought I heard Erin moan a little and I kept squeezing and started pinching her nipples as I had in my fantasy so many times before. 

Erin was grinding her ass against my cock and I kept running my hands all over her torso and chest and slowly worked her top up above her bra. I instantly recognized the bra as the one I had seen on the web cam and before I knew it I had my hands underneath it and was pinching her nipples. Her nipples were hard and felt so good I got carried away and pinched a little too hard. Erin moaned and I lightened up a little, but kept pressure on them. As I slide my left hand down her tummy I put my right hand on her left breast. Erin was still grinding against my cock and I knew I could cum in a minute if I let myself, but I also knew I wanted to make this last. 

My left hand touched the waist band of Erin’s pants and slide in a little. Erin moaned and was still grinding against me. I could feel the waist band of her panties and I asked her if they matched the bra. She said yes. I squeezed her left breast and moved my hand to her right breast long enough to pull the bottom of her bra across her nipple and left it there, then moved my hand back to her right breast. My left hand kept moving around the waist band of her pants and panties until I undid the button on her pants and then the zipper. I then let my hand slide down over her pants to her pussy and grabbed it firmly and pulled her into me by her pussy and breast. Erin was moaning and I could feel her heat in my hand. 

I turned Erin around and started kissed her deep I could feel her tongue with mine and kissed her for a long time while rubbing her ass with my right hand, and rubbing her breast under her shirt and over her bra with my left hand. Erin had her arms around my neck and I lifted her shirt over her head. While we were removing her shirt the movements caused her pants to slowly fall down around her knees. I bent down to my knees and pulled her pants, shoes and socks off so she was left only in her bra and panties. 

I stood up and pushed Erin back a few steps so I could look at her. She looked so unbelievably hot standing there looking at me and letting me take in the whole scene. 

I could see her hardened nipples through her bra and walked up to her and kissed her again. Erin was kissing me back and I could feel her breasts rubbing against me. After a very long passionate kiss I undid her bra and pulled it off of her letting it drop to the floor. I let my left hand go down to her panties and told her I wanted to find out if she shaved, she let me. 

I slowly put my hand into her panties and found only a small patch of hair and a little further down I felt how wet she was. I teased her by only touching her very lightly and could feel her trying to push her pussy closer to my hand. I stopped kissing her and looked at her and told her we were going to have to remove that hair because I preferred it bald. Erin was about to say something and I kissed her before she could, then told her “It wasn’t a request, I was just information about one of the things I am going to do to you.” 

Erin seemed surprised by this, and just as she was about to respond I bent over a little to take her left breast into my mouth, while at the same time I hooked my fingers on each side of her panties and started to pull them down. I could feel Erin’s hands on the back of my head pulling me closer to her breast, and I let my right arm go around her and grab her ass while my left hand started rubbing her pussy lips softly. I could feel Erin getting more excited as my mouth jumped back and forth from nipple to nipple as I sucked and was lightly biting them, meanwhile my hands touching her more forcefully. 

I was running my finger between her pussy lips from top to bottom and used my fingers on the other hand to push against her ass. Erin seemed to be enjoying the digital assault and I could tell this by how wet she got and how she moaned when I pushed a finger into her ass and with the other hand pushed a finger into her pussy. I didn’t push either finger in very far, and I continued to push them in and out making sure I had a little pressure from the base of my finger on her clit. The entire time I did this I was sucking her nipples, and then I stopped everything and stood up. 

Erin looked at me and tried to kiss me, but I stopped her and told her to take me to her room. She grabbed my hand and led me up the stairs to her room. I told her to get a wet cloth, some soap, and her razor because it was time. Erin looked at me and smiled, then went down the hall while I stepped into her bed room. I walked up to her dresser and opened a couple of drawers until I found her panties. I went through them one at a time while waiting for her to return. A minute or two later Erin walked into the room holding the things I sent her to get. 

Erin walked up to me and kissed me and I walked her to her bed then got her to sit on the edge of the bed and then lay back. I parted her legs enough so I had a full view and easy access to anything I wanted to do. Erin trusted me. I took the wet cloth and started rubbing the small patch of hair on her pussy, and once I softened it up a little, I took some shaving cream and rubbed it into her pubic hair. I lifted the razor and looked at her and asked if she was ready. Erin nodded her head and then told me to be careful. I slowly went to work removing the patch of hair from her pussy, letting my fingers roam and touch her while I was doing it. 

When all the hair was gone I cleaned up what was left of the shaving cream with the wet cloth, then bent down and kissed her pussy lips. This action took Erin by surprise, however she reacted by spreading her legs wider. 

I then down on her and started licking, sucking and softly biting her pussy lips. I could taste Erin and she tasted good. I used my tongue to part her pussy lips and started licking her slit from top to bottom over and over, then inserted my tongue into her. I could feel Erin tense up and heard her moan a little. I kept darting my tongue in and out of her, and flicked it across her clit every so often. 

As I looked up at Erin’s face I could see that she had her hands on her breasts and was squeezing them and pulling at her nipples. I then stuck two fingers in Erin with my palm upwards, while I licked and sucked her clit. Erin’s breathing was much louder and forced now and the more I licked and fingered her the quicker it got. I kept this up until I saw that Erin was now holding her breath and then I pulled my fingers out and stopped. 

Erin just looked at me with hungry eyes that were asking me why I stopped. I looked at her and told her it wasn’t time for her yet. She just lay back and muttered something. Erin was laying on the edge of the bed naked, nipples slightly hardened, and with her legs slightly spread you could see her wet pussy lips. Erin had her eyes closed and she looked so beautiful and relaxed laying there. 

I asked her to touch herself because I wanted to watch her. Erin paused for a few seconds, and then without opening her eyes, she moved her hands to her breasts and started touching them. After a few moments she slid one hand down to her pussy and stopped where the hair had just recently been removed. Erin rubbed her hand over the area that once had pubic hair then lowered it and continued to rub her pussy lips. She softly rubbed them for a little while and ever so slightly slipped a finger down lower and onto her clit, but only for a moment. Erin stopped, lifting her head and opened her eyes. She said if she kept going she would make herself cum. 

I asked her to keep going. 

Erin looked at me for a few seconds, and then closed her eyes, lay her head back down and put her fingers back and started rubbing her clit with much more urgency then before. I watched her closely as her facial expression changed and she body started to react to the pleasure she was getting by rubbing her clit. The whole scene was so erotic, me standing a few feet away fully dressed, and this beautiful naked woman masturbating in front of me, so involved with what she was doing it was almost like she forgot I was there. I looked at her breasts and her hard nipples then at her fingers moving so rapidly. 
