 "Carrie!"

Carrie turned around at the sound of her name and looked into the crowd at the airport. She couldn't see anyone she recognised and continued walking towards the passport control.

"Carrie Eldon!"

The male voice was closer now, but Carrie still couldn't see anyone she recognised. Suddenly a man walked up to her, put his arm on her shoulder and grinned.

"Carrie Eldon, it IS you! It must be at least 15 years since we last saw each other."

Carrie searched through her memory to see if she could possibly place this man's face somewhere in her past. He obviously knew who she was.

"You don't remember me, do you?" he chuckled knowingly.

"I'm sorry," she admitted. "I'm usually really good with names, but I can't seem to place your face."

"That's probably because the last time you saw me I had the long, curly rocker hairdo, a la Jon Bon Jovi," he grinned and tapped his closely shaved head, the hair style favoured by so many balding 30-somethings. "I'm Les Dean, from high school."

"Les? I don't believe it!" Carrie was visibly shocked. "It's so good to see you! What are you doing here? What are you doing these days?"

"Well, I was sent here to negotiate a deal on behalf of a client of mine. I'm a lawyer now and I seem to be spending most of my time flying around the world negotiating corporate takeovers and mergers. Please, don't ask any more because I'll only put you to sleep. How about you?"

"Business as well," Carrie smiled back. "I'm a jewellery designer and I'm here to discuss a new line of jewellery that I'm going to design exclusively for a high-end chain of department stores."

They moved through passport control and baggage reclaim, talking about their jobs and the trip they were currently on. When they got outside the rain was pouring down and there was only one taxi. It turned out they had been booked into the same hotel so they decided to share the cab.

"So do you still live back in the old backwater where we grew up?" Les asked.

"No, I took a job with a silversmith right out of school and lived out of a suitcase for five years. Then I got married to a TV producer and divided my time between a few different locations. Since I established my own company I never seem to be in the same place two months in a row, it's a very nomadic lifestyle."

"It didn't occur to me that you would be married. You're obviously not Carrie Eldon anymore."

"Well, I'm divorced now, but I kept my ex-husband's surname since that's the name I had when I got established as a designer. My passport says Eldon again, but these days most people know me as Caroline Charles."

"You're Caroline Charles? I wish I'd known," he sighed. "I bought my ex-wife a very expensive, but beautiful, necklace by you as a five year anniversary present. Two weeks later I found out that she'd been having an affair and she wanted a divorce."

"I'm sorry," Carrie shook her head. "Guess neither one of us was lucky in marriage. My husband decided that I was too old for him after 10 years and traded me in for a younger model."

"Ouch!"

"Yeah, it's been a year now and it would seem that at 35 I'm over the hill."

"You're hardly over the hill, Carrie. You don't look a day over 30, and you're much more beautiful now than you were in high school, and you were a real beauty then."

"You flatterer, but do go on, my confidence does need a boost."

"All the guys were wild about you in school. You were really sexy then and you've filled out very nicely since then. Unfortunately so have I."

"Don't be silly," she laughed. "I seem to remember that you were little more than a skeleton with a huge mop of hair back then. There's certainly more meat on your bones now, but it's not like you're twice the size of your teenage self like Doug McKenzie. Have you seen him lately?"

"Oh yeah, we were best friends in school. I try to drop in on him every time I go visit my parents. He's a car salesman and he's adopted a, how can I put it, very comfortable lifestyle since we were teenagers."

The two laughed and spent the rest of the ride to the hotel getting each other up to date with what their old friends were doing. At the hotel they each checked in and in the lift on their way to their respective rooms Les turned to Carrie.

"Listen, I'm not meeting anyone until tomorrow and I need dinner. Are you free tonight?"

"Sure," Carrie agreed. "I just want to freshen up a bit. How about we meet in the lobby in an hour?"

They agreed to meet an hour later and then they reached Carrie's floor and she went to her room. She lay on her bed and smiled. Imagine meeting Les Dean here. He'd always been one of the nicest guys in her school and they'd had a few classes together, but they'd never moved in the same circles. He had grown into his 6'3" frame though. The gangly boy had turned into a broad shouldered and strong looking man. So what if he did carry a few extra pounds? She only had to look at the 36D bras and support panties that she wore to keep her stomach looking as flat as it was 10 years ago.

She had a quick shower and examined the image in the mirror. Her hips were definitely more feminine, as was her chest, but her waist was very pronounced and her thighs still looked good in jeans. She used to wear her chestnut hair long, but nowadays she let it curl up in a short hairdo that elegantly framed her face. She didn't know where Les intended to eat tonight so she dressed in an elegant, but understated, maroon dress that accentuated her generous bosom and feminine curves. She also put on her highest heels so that she wouldn't feel so short next to Les with her 5'5".

Les turned and smiled at Carrie as she exited the lift. She walked up to him and angled her face to receive the obligatory kiss on the cheek. His brown eyes swept across her body, taking in the soft curves that the dress clung so seductively to. Carrie smiled appreciatively at his appearance. He was wearing a grey suit with a navy and white striped shirt. He wore no tie and the shirt was open enough to show off some chest curls. Carrie had to fight a sudden impulse to run her finger through the hair on his chest.

"I've been here before and I know that they have wonderful food in the hotel restaurant," Les said. "Would you be happy to eat here?"

"It sounds great," Carrie smiled and let Les take her arm and lead her towards the restaurant.

The meal was fabulous, but Carrie didn't taste it. They talked, but Carrie couldn't remember what about. Nothing had been said, but they both knew where they were headed. The dinner simply added a little bit of respectability to the lust. Their desire for each other was obvious. His eyes kept focusing on her cleavage. Her legs stretched under the table and touched his. His hand kept touching her hand on the table. They simultaneously turned down the waiter's offer to show them the dessert menu and Les showed him his room key card and quickly signed for the meal.

They crossed the lobby and got into the lift. Carrie pressed the button for her floor and Les stood next to her. When Carrie exited, he followed and as soon as she'd opened the door to her room he swept her inside and pushed her against the wall. His mouth descended on hers and he kissed her deeply, his tongue invading her mouth and she received him with fervour.

As their tongues battled Les's hands found their way around Carrie's back where he slowly unzipped her dress. It fell to the floor and when he finally tore his lips off hers she stood before him, wearing only a black lace bra and matching panties and her high heeled shoes.

They were both grasping for air when Carrie cupped Les's cock through his trousers and squeezed lightly. His reaction made her smile and she caressed his suit jacket off, followed by a quick unbuttoning of his shirt. The curls on his broad chest disappeared into a V-shape into the waist of his trousers. She tugged at his belt and soon his trousers fell to the floor. He kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his trousers. With his eyes locked on hers, he took off his socks and then finally his boxers. He was naked before her and she couldn't help looking at his hard cock. She measured it to be a generous 7 inches and shining with pre-cum.

Without a word, Carrie dropped to her knees and wrapped her pink lips around his throbbing shaft. He felt so good in her mouth. The silky smooth hot rod slid effortlessly across her lips and deep into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. Her gagging reflexes kicked in, but she kept him there, much to his pleasure, if the deep groans were anything to go by. She finally let him out of her mouth and moved to lick his balls, slowly taking time to suck each of them into her mouth, massaging them lightly with her tongue. She then teased the entire length of his shaft with her tongue before swallowing him. 

Soon her head was bobbing back and forth along his cock, helped only slightly by her fingers that were wrapped around the base. His guttural moans grew ever more intense and suddenly his hands rested in her hair, holding her head in place as he fucked her mouth. Then he came. A great groan of relief exited his mouth as he shot his cum into her mouth. She tried to swallow, but some invariably escaped her lips and ran down her chin. 

When he stopped shooting his load in her mouth he pulled out and pulled Carrie back on her feet. He kissed her deeply, sharing the cum that was still in her mouth. As he kissed her, he reached around her back and unhooked her bra. Her full breasts were soft and silky against his chest. He leaned forward to suck on one of her nipples as he let one hand knead the other tit. Soon his hands moved downwards and pulled her panties down. He knelt to let her step out of her panties and placed a soft kiss on the small triangle of silky hair pointing at her pussy.

He picked her up and carried her to the king-size bed. He lay her down and took her shoes off. They were now both naked. He smiled at her as he parted her legs and opened her pussy like a dewy rose. He pushed her legs upwards to make her bend her knees and open herself even wider. She could feel the air-conditioned chill on her wet pussy as he started placing feather light kisses along the insides of her thighs.

The feeling was exquisite. She could feel her pussy juices flowing as he got closer to her wet folds. The roughness of his stubble against the soft skin of her thighs added friction that made the whole experience even more erotic for her. Then he finally placed his lips on her pussy and kissed her deeply, letting his tongue feel its way into her cunt, lapping up the generous supply of juices. He started flicking his tongue in and out of her warm hole and she found she had to bite her lip to stop herself from cumming straight away.

His lips then homed in on her clit, teasing the sensitive bud with the rougher texture of his tongue. He then slid one, followed by two, and finally three fingers into her cunt and slowly started finger fucking her. His fingers searched around in her cunt, massaging that magical spot as they slid in and out. He sucked her clit harder and moved his hand faster. She wrapped her legs around him and bucked her hips to feel more of him. Then she surrendered. With a cry of joy she came violently, her whole body shaking with pleasure and satisfaction.

He crawled up and took her in his arms, gently caressing her as he shared her sweet juices in an intimate kiss. She'd only just cum, but she could feel the tingles from the pit of her stomach straight to her pussy. She wanted more. She needed more. She felt with joy that his cock was hard again. She reached down and wrapped her hand around his silky shaft and he moaned with delight.

His hand massaged her pussy and when he felt it getting wetter he rolled on top of her, supporting his weight with his arms and kissing her nipples with gusto. He sucked and bit her nipples as she reached down for his hard cock. She parted her legs wide and rubbed her slit with his pre-cum covered cock head. As he moved to kiss her lips again his cock was pressed against her cunt opening. He reached down and adjusted his position and all of a sudden he was inside her.

They both moaned with pleasure as he penetrated her wet hole and burrowed deep inside her warm cavity. She wrapped her legs around him and moved her hips upwards to meet his thrusts. His strokes were long and hard, making sure she felt every inch of his cock. They panted hard as they focused on the pleasure of their union. The room was silent but for their heavy breathing and the unmistakable sound of fucking. Carrie moaned louder every time she felt Les grinding his pubic bone against her sensitive clit. His cock filled her perfectly. Every time he withdrew her hips moved with him, not wanting to let him go. Then she welcomed every thrust back inside her like a long awaited homecoming.

She started kneading her tits and squeezing them upwards to feed her nipples to Les's hungry mouth. The warm feeling in the pit of her stomach started spreading and soon she was tingling all over. She knew she couldn't hold back any longer.

"I'm cumming!" she panted and Les kissed her deeply as her body convulsed under his, squeezing his cock tight as he held himself still, deep in her cunt.

When Carrie's orgasm subsided he pulled out and she got on her hands and knees before him. Her pussy was glistening in the light from the table lamp next to the bed and her cunt opening was gaping at Les. He quickly moved up behind her and pressed forward, penetrating her with one long stroke, not stopping until he was balls deep in her throbbing hole. He quickly picked up his pace, fucking her hard and fast.

Carrie's tits bounced at every thrust and she reached for her clit to massage it. Les reached down for her tits and cupped them, then slowly lifting her up towards him while still fucking her furiously from behind. Carrie kept teasing her clit and Les kneaded her tits while kissing her neck. His cock possessed her now. Ever so often while playing with her clit she reached down and felt his hard shaft impaling her cunt.

Les's breathing got heavier and more laboured. He fucked her as hard as he could. She could tell that he didn't have far to go when he started groaning. She rubbed her clit harder. He let go of her tits and grabbed her hips tight, grinding his cock into her wet cunt. She made herself cum and her cunt convulsions around his cock sent him over the edge and he came with a loud groan. Her cumming cunt milked his cock dry of his huge load.

Soon afterwards he pulled his cock out and they collapsed in each other's arms. Les kissed her deeply and caressed her tits.

"That was amazing," he smiled at her. "I can't remember the last time I enjoyed sex that much."

"I wish I'd known how good a lover you'd turn out to be when we were in high school," she replied and kissed him. "I would never have looked at another boy."

"It was probably a good thing," Les got serious and returned her kiss, deeply. "I don't think we would have realised how good fucking each other was if we hadn't experienced other lovers."

"You're probably right. But now I know that I can't wait for the next time I get to feel your cock inside me."

"Then let's not make you wait," Les muzzled against her breast, sucking and nibbling at her nipple while tweaking the other one between his fingers. His hand soon moved down to her wet pussy lips and he softly massaged them, lighting another fire inside her.

With her hand wrapped around his shaft she softly brought it back to life. She wriggled herself out of his embrace and sucked his balls for a little while. Then she wrapped her lips around his cock as he watched himself disappear into her mouth with an appreciative gaze. Soon she pulled off and straddled across his hips. He reached down and aimed his cock as she slowly lowered her hips, impaling herself on his hard shaft.

They both sighed out loud as he was once more buried balls deep inside her. He reached up and started playing with her tits, kissing and sucking them as well as kneading them, while she started rocking her hips. He moved his own hips in unison with hers, making sure that he got as deep inside her as fast and as hard as possible with each stroke. Her generous supply of pussy juice trickled down his shaft and onto his balls as her pace increased. After a while she reached down and started teasing her clit while riding him. He looked down, overawed by the sight of his cock being fucked by that deliciously wet cunt. Their eyes met and he nodded. She massaged her clit a little more and then she finally let herself go, crying out as she gripped him hard, sending him into orgasmic delight with her tight squeezing convulsions.

He took care to hold her against his chest as he lay them down on their sides, facing each other, with his cock still buried in her cunt. They kissed deeply and slowly drifted off to sleep.

That night Carrie dreamt of being back at school and having sex with Les Dean. When she woke up she was spooned in 35-year old Les's arms, with one of his hands cupping her breast and his cock hard against her ass. She remembered the previous night's activities and smiled. Les must have noticed that she was awake, because he started kissing her neck and then sliding his cock into her welcoming cunt. That morning they made love slowly, taking time to enjoy their union. When the sun started rising they came with satisfied sighs.

They called room service for breakfast and then they went to the bathroom for a shower. They took their time soaping each other up, discovering each other's body once more. Carrie's back got intimately acquainted with the shower tiles as Les hoisted her up by her legs and fucked her with the water pouring over their bodies. They'd only just cum again when they heard the knock on the door. Les grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his hips to open for room service while Carrie finished her shower.

"This has been unbelievable," Les said as they were having breakfast. "I have a meeting tonight, but if you don't mind, I'd like to come back and sleep with you again."

"Why don't we move you into this room?" Carrie suggested. "I'm also busy with meetings, but if we have the same room then we can make the most of our time off."

"That sounds good, but I have to warn you, I'm not looking for a relationship. I might do at a later stage, but right now I can only commit to being your lover."

"Me too. I loved what we shared last night, but I'm enjoying my freedom too much to make ours a permanent arrangement. Maybe one day we'll both be ready for marriage again, and if we still enjoy each other in bed at that time, then I think we might be very compatible. But for now, let's just focus our energy on having amazing sex."

They couldn't keep their hands off each other and fucked once more on the breakfast table before Carrie got dressed and Les picked up his things and changed for the day. They had a magical week together and ended up extending their visit over the weekend. They strolled in the parks and did some sightseeing and fucked in some very naughty locations, rounded off my long, sweet love making every night.

They flew off in different directions the next week, but kept in regular email contact where they tried to synchronise their schedules in a way that they met up at least once a month. Four months after their first sexual encounter they found themselves on the same transatlantic flight. It had been 3 weeks since they last fucked and the sight of Les had created a puddle in Carrie's silky panties. When the light in the business class cabin was dimmed for people to get some rest she got out of her seat and walked past Les. She caressed his arm and smiled at him as she headed for the toilet.

Les waited a little and went to the toilet at the back of the cabin. He knocked lightly and Carrie opened the door and let him inside the cramped space. They kissed passionately and Les quickly unbuttoned Carrie's blouse and unhooked her bra so that he could kiss her luscious tits again. Carrie undid his belt and pulled his trousers down. His cock was already hard for her. He then pulled her skirt up, only to find that she'd taken her panties off already. With a stroke of her slit, he confirmed that she was ready for him.
