 Shannon and I have been friends for many years. She’s a cute little redhead with blue eyes and the cutest little ass. We have been flirting for years although we never managed to hook up. We have each wanted to but , somehow, nothing ever came of it. Now we are the best of friends and she is one of the few people on earth I completely trust. It would be pretty safe to say that I love her.

Shannon trusts me as much as I trust her, often confiding intimate details of her life to me. You know, relationship stuff, family troubles etc. We rarely spoke about sex, though, except in regards to her relationships. Never in detail about what goes on behind closed doors. One evening that changed.

We were sitting on her couch, sipping some wine, just chatting. I don’t recall how the subject came up but she began telling me about an incident with a recent boyfriend. Shannon had been seeing a guy and one evening as they were about to make love he asked her for anal sex. He had never had butt sex, he said, and really wanted to try it. Shannon had never successfully engaged in that type of sex and told him so, but he persisted and she agreed to try. To make a long story short he made a clumsy attempt to butt-fuck her, resulting in a sore ass, an argument and a broken relationship.

I listened to this story while trying to hide my erection. Picturing Shannon with her cute little ass in the air waiting to be sodomized brought back my sexual feelings for her in a flood. Still, I managed to control myself and made a joke about how I should call the poor guy to give him some lessons. Then the subject changed and we said nothing more about it.

A couple of weeks later she was visiting me at home. I have to admit that the idea of her taking it up the ass was still vivid in my mind and I had jacked off a few times imagining having her like that. As we talked that night the previous subject came up again. She asked me what I meant when I said that I could give her ex lessons. I let her know that I consider myself something of an expert in the area of anal sex. Then things got interesting.

“You got hard when I told you that story, didn’t you?” she asked with a smirk.

“Yeah, I did.” I agreed. “You know I’ve always been attracted to you. We’ve just never done anything about it.”

Shannon regarded me intently, saying nothing. I don’t think she was expecting me to respond like that. Then she leaned in and kissed me, softly at first and then with greater passion. We broke the kiss and she said : “Maybe it’s time now.”

I took her by the hand and led her to my bedroom. We kissed feverishly, touching each other, caressing each other. We both had been waiting too long for this, to be together. I kissed each tender patch of flesh as I exposed it. She moaned and pulled me tighter. I kissed her small, perfect breasts and teased her nipples to rock hard peaks. We writhed against one another, luxuriating in our nakedness, the feel of our bare flesh against each other. I took her face gently in my hands and looked deeply into her eyes. We kissed and then she sank to her knees before me and slowly, lovingly, took my rigid cock in her mouth.

I gasped and moaned. My knees nearly buckled. I was overwhelmed by physical and emotional sensations. I looked down at Shannon as she worked her oral magic on me. She looked up at me watching her. The sight of this woman who I had cared for for so long sucking my cock pushed me over the edge. I wrapped my fingers in her beautiful red hair and pulled her face tight to my crotch and came, filling her mouth to overflowing. She swallowed it all and smiled.

I knelt, still breathing hard. I picked her up and lay her on my bed. She looked at me, nervously, not know yet what I was feeling, unsure whether or not she had just made a big mistake. I touched her gently, caressing her face. I trace my way to her breasts, down her flat belly to her crotch. She spread her legs, offering her shaved pussy to me. I didn’t refuse. She trembled as I brought my face to her sex. Shannon’s hips twitched as my tongue grazed her lips. She moaned when I licked her slit from clit to anus. I spread her wide and licked her as deeply as I could. She bucked against my face when I began to suck her clit, pushing her closer to orgasm. I could feel her beginning to come and, remembering our earlier conversation, I slid a finger into her tight asshole. Shannon gasped, not expecting that. Then she arched her back in orgasm.Shannon opened her mouth in a silent scream as the intense sensations overtook her. Finally she relaxed quivering with tears in her eyes.

Laying next to her I brushed a tear from her cheek. “Are you OK?” I asked.

“I’ve been wanting this to happen for so long and didn’t even know it.” she said. Looking down at my erect penis she said: “I guess you have too, huh?” She stroked my tool with her soft hand. We looked into each other’s eyes. We smiled, then laughed. I moved over her and kissed her again as she positioned my cock at the opening to her sex. I pushed into her with a single smooth motion. Shannon moaned and pulled me into her. As I began to fuck her she ground her crotch against me. Lovemaking went out the window as years of denied desire swept over us. We fucked each other like animals, a look of pure lust on Shannon’s face. She rolled us over so that she was on top and began gyrating her hips, her cunt squeezing me like a fist. Her ass was a blur as she impaled herself upon me again and again. I was delirious with pleasure when she came yet again.

Shannon stopped and leaned over me. Nose to nose, eye to eye. “Do you remember what we spoke about before? You said that... anal sex... requires a lot of trust in your partner. I want it to be you. Please, I want you to be the first.”

She rolled off of me and positioned herself on her knees. Her perfect smooth ass was spread before me. Pussy juice glistened on her lips and her asshole twitched in anticipation. I grasped her cheeks and buried my face between them, tonguing her hole. Shannon didn’t expect that! She squirmed when my tongue slid up her butt. I rubbed her clit as I rimmed her. Her ass pushed back against me as she came again. While she was still recovering from her orgasm I placed my cock against her vulnerable back hole and slipped it in.

Shannon grunted when the head of my dick popped past her sphincter. She was expecting pain but, because my timing was good, there was none. When she became accustomed to my presence in her ass I pushed in deeper. 

“Oh, yes!” she gasped. “Oh, my god! You’re in my ass!”

I began to fuck her sweet ass. She lowered her head to the mattress so that I could penetrate her deeper. Shannon moaned in ecstacy as I fucked into her harder. Her ass was heaven to me and I gave her the best ass fucking I could. I could feel her fingering her clit as I pounded her tender butthole. Finally I grabbed her hips and buried myself deep in her as my sperm pumped into her bowels.

Shaking and exhausted we lay together. That was our first time. It wasn’t our last.