 We stayed out on beach for a couple of hours, occasionally venturing into the surf. I made sure that our sunscreen was kept fresh. I loved the way her skin glistened in the sun. The older couple gathered their towels and headed back towards the hotel. It was hot and I was feeling sticky from the saltwater. I suggested we move to the pool.

“That’s sounds like a good idea,” said V. “I don’t want to overdo it the first day and ruin our honeymoon.” She started to put on her top.

“Leave it,” I said. 

She looked up at me pleadingly. “You want me to parade around naked?”

“We’re at a nudist resort. Relax, you look great in the nude.”

“You want everyone to see me?”

“Sure, why not? It’s no big deal. You’re beautiful V and I’m proud that you’re my wife.” 

We gathered our towels, swimsuits and supplies and headed to the pool. V clutched her towel to her breast as she self-consciously walked through the beach crowd. We found a couple of vacant lounger chairs and stowed our stuff. Then I led her to the outdoor shower to rinse off the sand and salt. I could tell she was very uneasy at being so openly exposed to the eyes of every man and woman who cared to look her way.

We dove into the pool. It felt great. Cool but not cold. We paddled around for a while checking out the fabulous pool. It was quite large and irregular shaped. The diving boards were perched on a rock formation (man made but well done). There were several other rock formations scattered around the perimeter. One had a water slide, snaking down to the pool. All had waterfalls. 

Swimming behind one of the waterfalls, I discovered an underwater cave. I ducked under the water and swam through the entrance to a room, dimly lit by small openings to the outside. I turned to check out the ‘cave’ and was startled to see two couples, probably in their forties, up on a wide ledge at the rear of the cave. One woman sat watching.  The other woman was on all fours, sucking off one guy while the other fucked her from behind. The guys looked at me and continued the pummel the woman, sawing into her from both ends at once. I decided it probably wasn’t a good idea to stick around and it certainly wouldn’t be a good idea to bring V inside. I ducked back through the entrance and came up behind the waterfall. V was waiting for me.

“Where did you go?”

“I was checking out a cave.”

“Where?”

“Through here,” I said pointing to the dark hole in the side of the pool.

“I want to see.”

“I don’t think so. It’s occupied.”

“Occupied?”

“Yeah, occupied. We really shouldn’t intrude.”  

“Oh, I see,” she said, raising her eyebrows and twisting her mouth knowingly. I knew what she was thinking and I didn’t attempt to dissuade her of the notion of a single romantically engaged couple. But ten minutes later when the two couples emerged, her eyes got wide. I knew the cave was now vacant and I asked her if she wanted to go inside. 

“I know what your thinking.”

“You’re my wife.”

“I’m not screwing you in there where anyone could drop in on us.”

“C’mon, let’s just go take a look.” I ducked under the waterfall and swam into the cave. Inside, I stood about dumbly for minute before I realized she wasn’t coming. I swam back out to where I had left her. She hadn’t budged. “What’s the matter? You don’t trust me?”

“I trusted you and look where I wound up.”

“In the pool?”

“No, at fancy nudist camp.”

“Look, I won’t mess with you. Promise.”

She glared at me for a moment before finally giving in and following me into the cave. The cave layout was a little different than I first surmised. Instead of a single room, there were three alcoves, each with a ledge along the back. We sat up on the ledge of the center alcove. I broke my promise and began groping her.

“I knew you were lying,” she said with a giggle. About that time the water broke and two guys and girl appeared. They headed off for a side alcove. Vanessa turned to me and said, “Take me out of here, right now.”

We slipped into the water and swam out into the sunlight. I was getting a bit thirsty and suggested we go check out the swim-up pool bar that was apparently just opening. It was built into the pool with several stools just below the waterline. The bar was in a dry well, staffed by a girl who was occupied resupplying the bar and getting ready for a busy day.

I sat up on a stool and was joined by Vanessa. “Miss!” I said to attract her attention. She turned, displaying her brown skinned jugs with their large dark aureoles and big thick nipples. I recognized her as Angelina, the pretty girl who had brought us breakfast this morning. She was some sexy Mex, with a dynamite figure. Damn, I started getting hard again, my pecker rising from the water like some curious porpoise. 

“Angelina, isn’t it?”

“Si, Senor,” she replied smiling broadly.

“How about two Pina Coladas.”

“Si!” She turned, removed her sarong from around her waist, and began fixing our drinks. She had a beautifully full, rounded ass. I supposed that in a few years that that beautiful butt would spread and her tits would grow to a ponderous size like many Mexican women of Indian decent, but right then she was exotic, voluptuous and inviting. I immediately began wondering how much she charged for an hour.

By the time she served our drinks, another couple had swam up for refreshments and Angelina turned her attentions to them. More and more people gathered at the bar. I had just ordered another round when a bleached blonde with short hair sat in the stool next to me. She was in her late twenties. I couldn’t help but stare at her. She was well muscled in a feminine way, no doubt a body builder. But what got my attention were her tits, taut and rounded spherical globes. Must have been 40DD’s on her otherwise slim frame, and obviously silicon enhanced. But what really got me were her nipples, long thick nipples, pierced with rings. My cock shot out the water like a nuclear sub on an emergency blow to the surface.

A big, muscle bound dude squeezed in between us. This guy had muscles on top of muscles and sported a ponytail, a regular Samson. He looked at my dick and said, “Hi, I’m Karl. I see you like my Wanda.”

“Uh, I’m David and this is my…”

“She’s very pretty! I like her and so does my friend,” he said with a grin. 

I glanced down. The guy was getting an enormous hard on. V didn’t miss it and was transfixed as his cock grew to monstrous proportions. I mean, this guy was well over 12 inches and nearly as big around as a beer can.

“We just got in,” he continued. “Great place, isn’t it? We come here three or four times a year.” The stool next to Vanessa was now available. Karl turned to Wanda and said, “How about if you go sit by the pretty lady and get acquainted, while I talk things over with David.”

“Sure Hon,” she said with a smile. As she slid off the stool, my eyes were fixed to her tits. I was sorry he had her move, but then again, I don’t think I would have liked him sitting next to and ogling V. Karl sat down and began small talk, while Wanda and Vanessa exchanged pleasantries. 

After a few minutes we were talking about music. He suddenly asked, “Are you a swinger?” 

I must admit I was pretty naive. I’d never heard the term before and thought he was asking if I was a cool kind of guy. You know, someone to share a smoke with. I didn’t dare try to bring weed through Mexican customs. If he had some dope, I would be glad to share it with him later on. “Yeah,” I answered with confidence.

“Good. We saw you by the cave. You two are best looking couple we’ve seen so far. I know Wanda likes you. You’ve got a nice cock and she loves nice cocks. What’s your lady friend’s name?”

I was dumb struck and carelessly uttered, “Vanessa.”

“Vanessa! She’s a good-looking slut! I’ll be blunt, I’d love to fuck her.”

“Uh, excuse me,” I finally said. “I think you misunderstood me, or rather I misunderstood you. We’re not into that sort of thing. We’re here on our honeymoon.”

“Honeymoon?” Karl looked a bit perplexed, like he just stepped in a pile of dog mess. “Look, sorry dude, I didn’t mean to offend.” He stood and hastily pulled Wanda away. 

As the two hurried away, Vanessa looked at me open jawed. Her shock was apparent. “Do you know what they want?” she asked incredulously. “They want to swap!”

“Yeah, I know. I told him we weren’t into that sort of thing.”

“You think they’ll come back?”

“I don’t know,” I said. Suddenly I was feeling somewhat apprehensive. This was perhaps a little more than I had bargained for. 

We finished off our second Pina Colada and V suggested that we eat lunch. We swam to the side near our stuff. I hauled myself out of the water. V needed some help as she was feeling the alcohol. I started towards the chase loungers to retrieve our beach towels as body wraps. I turned to say something to Vanessa, but she wasn’t there. I glanced towards the hotel and there she was, strutting proudly in the nude towards the restaurant patio, completely at ease. I grabbed the towels and ran after her.

“Hey V,” I said as I caught up with her, “you want your towel to wrap up in?”

“No,” she said petulantly, “you want me nude, so I’m going to stay nude.”

“Sure babe, that’s fine with me.” Actually I was surprised as hell. Then I realized the two drinks probably had a lot to do with her sudden liberation. The old axiom that alcohol lowers inhibitions and greases the wheels of sexuality was certainly true. She picked out a table situated so that everyone entering the patio from the pool or beach area would pass by. I gave her a towel to sit on. She sat and arched her back as if to stretch, thrusting her tits up and out, running her hands across her breasts until her nipples were hard and erect. Jesus! 

I wasn’t the only one watching her either. For one, the waiter appeared and enjoyed the show at close range. V opened her eyes, looking up into the smiling face of the black-eyed waiter.

“Nice Senora, very nice. May I be of any assistance?”

“Uh, just the menu, por favor,” I said using up my Spanish vocabulary.

“Certainly, Senor,” he replied as he handed out today’s luncheon menu. “May I get you something to drink from the bar?”

“No thank you.” I was feeling the effect of the rum drinks too. “Just bring us two iced teas.”

“Si, Senor.”

We had nice lunch of grilled shrimp. It really felt weird sitting there naked, eating lunch, but then again, everyone else was naked too, except of course the wait staff and they were only partially dressed. We had finished eating and were sipping on our third glass of tea when the short Italian guy from the beach walked up to us.

“Mind if I join you for a minute?” he said with a friendly smile.

“No, please join us.”

“Thanks. Marc Marcello,” he said thrusting his hand out in greetings.

He was Italian. I wondered if he was any relationship to that Mafia guy in New Orleans. “David Allen, and this is my wife Vanessa.”

“Pleased to meet you Vanessa,” he said while ogling her bare body. “Say, I don’t want to take up your time, but Candy and I are having an open house this afternoon in the Village.”

“Village?”

“Yeah, the thatched roofed bungalows. We would love to have you come over. Room 12.”

“What time?” I asked. I was interested in seeing what those units looked like. The next time we came, maybe we might stay in one.

“Any time after two until about dinner time.”

“Okay, we might stop by Marc.”

“Great! Well, nice meeting you.” He was off as suddenly as he had appeared, going over to another table, presumably to invite them over too.

I paid the check. “Well babe, what’s your pleasure, the beach or the pool?”

She leaned forward and said in a sultry voice, “Let’s go upstairs. I want to suck your cock.”

Why did she have to say it like that? My growing cock got caught under the lip of the table as I stood up. Springing free it bobbed up and down, waving at all the people, going to full attention. I felt my face burn as it flushed red. I grabbed my towel and tried to be nonchalant about hiding my stiff pecker. Truth is, I really don’t think anyone noticed or if they did, gave a damn.

We got back upstairs to our room. There in a neat pile on the pub table were our swimsuits and lotions. I guess the staff didn’t have much problem figuring out to whom they belonged, as I hadn’t seen anyone else all morning wearing so much as a thong. 

We caught a quick shower to rinse off the chlorine. V didn’t waste any time, immediately going down on me in the spray. Lucky me, she really wanted it bad! My cock grew quickly to full stature in her loving mouth. She sucked and orally caressed my appreciative cock.  Grabbing her by the ears, I fucked her face, pulling her into me with each thrust into her willing mouth. I felt her gag a little as my cock head hit the back of her throat before sliding down her gullet. She was getting pretty good at this. Swallowing, her throat would contract around my cock. The sensation of a good deep throat was incredible as always. 

I felt my orgasm rising in my groin. I pulled my cock from her marvelous throat so that just my glans was between her sweet lips. No need for me to hold back. I gave her what she really wanted, a mouthful of my manly emissions. It’s hard to tell who likes me cumming in her mouth more, her or me. Ever since I shot off in V’s mouth the first time, she had developed a taste, no, make that a craving, for the taste of my semen. It was really hard for me to believe that she hadn’t let a guy cum in mouth before I started fucking her, but she insisted that it was true. She had always thought that it was disgusting or something, but once she tried it, she loved it.

She stood, letting my depleted cock slip from her mouth still dripping, and planted a sloppy kiss on my lips, sharing my own cum with her. She wasn’t the only one who had developed a taste for my spunk, though I really preferred sucking it out of her pussy. Must be the additional flavorings of her cunt juices.

We finished our shower, making sure every nook and cranny was properly clean. We toweled off. I wandered off to the bed while she primped her hair. I must have dozed off for several minutes. 

I woke to her squirming around, moaning gutturally. I looked up into the mirror to see her beside me, her legs lewdly splayed as she worked herself over with a buzzing pink vibrator. In fascination I watched her cum. I had always been right on top of her when she came, and I only saw what was happening immediately before me. This was a little different. The mirror gave me a full view of her body, as if I were a few feet away. It was so erotic watching her pleasure herself. My cock was rested and ready, and as soon as she pulled the vibrator away from her cunt, I rammed it into her. I fucked her hard and fast, like she was one of the bare breasted hotel maids. She came again.

I pulled out of her clutching twat hole. It was time. I rolled her over and forced her up on her knees. I started licking her feet, working my way up her calves and thighs to nibble at the flesh of her firm shapely buttocks. I spread her lovely ass cheeks to reveal her tight puckered little brown star. Nestling my face in her butt I flicked my tongue lightly across her anus. I did the alphabet with my tongue, tracing out each capital letter across that sweet butt hole. With all the squirming and thrusting her ass into my face, I knew that she was enjoying it. After I formed the letter ‘Z’, I began stabbing my tongue into her hole, just a little ways, not so deep that I got into anything really nasty or dangerous.

“Oh, fuck baby! That feels good!” she moaned. “Oh, yeah, I like it. I like it.”

I reached for the bed stand to retrieve a tube of KY Jelly from the complementary basket of goodies. I licked up her ass crease a few more times as I fumbled with the screw on top. 

She was begging, “Do it baby, do it.” I lubed up her asshole and the fingers of my right hand, spreading her cheeks with my left hand. She grunted and groaned as I ran my middle finger up her ass. “Oh god!” she hoarsely whispered as I fingered fucked her. “That feels good baby.”

I took my time, working her rectum, stretching the tight sphincter muscle, relaxing it for more to come. I worked in another finger and gradually loosened her up more and more, until both fingers slipped effortlessly in and out of her anus. All the while she moaned and groaned, softly cursing as she experienced serious anal play for the first time. I pulled my fingers out and picked up her vibrator, slipping it into her. I fucked her with it a few minutes before flipping the switch. Bzzzzzzzzzzz! 

“Oh, Jesus!” she cried out. She tried to crawl away from her buzzing love toy, but I wrapped my arm around her waist and held her in place. 

“You like that baby?” I hissed. “You like being naughty? You do don’t you? You are a naughty girl, letting me play with your ass. You’ve been naughty all day, parading around outside naked like a slut, letting every man and woman here see your pretty tits, see your fine ass, some even saw the lips of your pussy! Naughty sluts like you deserve to be used. Used as a cock slot. Yeah, your mouth, your pussy, and your ass, are mine to use. I’m going to fuck your ass girl. That’s right, I’m going to fuck you like the slut we both know you are.”

Once I finished my pillow talk, I pulled the vibrator out and pressed the purplish head of my greased cock to her ass. “Here baby, here’s my dick! Now reach back and spread your ass checks for me. That’s it, that’s a good little fuck slut. Now relax baby, relax your asshole and let me in. Push down like you’re trying to damn. That’s it, that’s it.”

“Ahhhhhhh!” she grunted as my cock head slipped past her sphincter and into her virgin ass. “Oh, god, it burns! It burns,” she whimpered.

“Relax baby, the burning will stop in a minute. Stay with me baby,” I soothingl cooed.

“You’re too big!”

“You’ll be okay baby, trust me, trust me my love.”

‘Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh,” she sobbed. I held perfectly still, letting her ass adjust to my thick cock. Soon the sobbing and whimpering faded. I began thrusting into her with short strokes of no more than a half an inch for about thirty strokes, then I penetrated her another half inch, fucking her with the short strokes, giving her ass plenty of time to stretch out and accommodate my cock. Deeper and deeper, I gradually worked into her rectum until I ran out cock to run up her butt. I paused to savor the feel of her tight ass clutching my swollen penis. I began trusting again with the short strokes as I slowly withdrew.

“Oh god, that feels wonderful baby,” she said. “Oh yes, I like it, I like it.” 

I worked back in and out several times, always using the short strokes. It was becoming easier and easier. I had withdrawn my cock head almost completely when I felt her tight anal ring suddenly relax. I drove my cock deep into her and then completely withdrew. 

“Don’t stop,” she gasped. “I want you in me.”

My cock effortless slid back into her ass. I pulled out several times to be sure she was completely relaxed. I rolled her onto her back and stuffed a pillow under her butt to lift it off the bed. Pushing her legs up towards her head, her ass rotated up. I leaned forward to lick at the line of perspiration had formed between her breast. Then I wiggled into position, my thighs spread and flat on the bed until I worked my cock once again into her ass hole. She gazed up into the mirror slack jawed, mauling her tits, as my dick sank into her hot rectum. I took it slow, fucking her with deep full strokes. She could look down to see my cock disappearing into her ass or look up and watch her debasement overhead.

My clean left hand was free to toy with her now easily accessible clit. My fingers slipped into her sopping slit to add clitoral stimulation to my lovemaking. She was incredibly wet. Her clit was clearly visible, poking out from its protective hood. I stroked her hard nubbin along the sides and around the base. After a few minutes, I watched as her breasts flushed a ruddy shade. With an animalistic howl she came and came hard. If anyone was in the next room, I’m sure that they heard her. Her tiny clit suddenly withdrew like a startled prairie dog disappearing into its den. The sight and feel of her in orgasmic bliss nearly pushed me over the top. I stopped fucking and fingering her to allow her and myself a chance to recover a little before I resumed sodomizing her.
