 It was late as Joe and Liz left the store, Joe locking the door behind them. They had been working together for several months, friends for years, and tonight they planned to eat together at Joe's apartment before Liz went home. They arrived a few minutes later, tacos in tow, and Joe turned on a dim lamp as they ate. When they finished, Joe went to his computer and began checking his mail.

"This bra is bugging me," Liz said suddenly, sparking Joe's interest. "I'm going to take it off."

Moments later, Liz had slid the bra from under her shirt, and Joe couldn't help but glance at her large, perky breasts straining against her tight t-shirt. Liz moved around the table and sat in a chair next to him, somewhat oblivious to his glances. She leaned in, her left breast brushing against his arm slightly. He felt his cock stirring in his pants and glanced at her sideways. She looked at him, curious.

"I'm sorry," he said, "but I just can't stop looking at your breasts knowing that you don't have a bra on."

Liz smiled and tilted her head down a little, looking at her friend through her eyelashes. 

"Well, in that case..."

Liz rose and slowly slid her shirt over her head. Her tits bounced a little as the fabric pulled away from them. Joe spun his chair to face her and pulled her to him by her hips.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time," he muttered as he ran his tongue over one of her erect pink nipples. Liz groaned and ran her fingers through his hair for a moment before sliding her hands down to unbutton her jeans. She slid them down her legs until she was standing in front of Joe in nothing but a lacy green thong and a pair of rainbow-striped knee-high socks. Joe moaned a little against her nipples, wondering if she had planned this. She knew how much those socks turned him on.

Liz leaned down flicked her tongue over her friend's ear, moaning as he bit her nipple gently, his other hand moving to rub her clit through her thong. "I want you to eat my pussy," she whispered in a sultry tone.

Joe wasted no time and slid her soaked thong off of her, leaving the socks on. He didn't move his mouth from her breasts, licking all around them, moving between nipples now as he cleared the table's contents to the floor and picked her up by her ass.

He laid a now writing Liz on his table and kissed his way down her stomach. He spread her legs far apart and placed the tip of his tongue against her clit, and she moaned more loudly. She didn't care if his neighbors heard; she wanted them to hear how well he was pleasing her. He hungrily began licking and sucking on her clit, sucking the juices off the folds of her lips. She gasped and put her hands on his head, squirming under him and whimpering slightly. He laughed a little bit, and she smiled slightly, knowing how much he loved eating pussy. She brought her hips up, fucking his face while he slid his tongue in and out of her tight cunt, then sliding his tongue up to lick tight circles around her clit, sucking gently. She pushed his head deeper into her cunt and screamed as she climaxed for the first time, her pussy cover Joe's lips and chin with her cum. 

After she came down, she pushed him away slowly, slid off the table, and said seductively, "My turn. I've always wanted to show you how awesome I am at giving head."

She slowly unbuttoned his shirt and undid his belt, one hand rubbing his throbbing cock through his slacks. She slid his pants and underwear down, freeing his thick, hard cock. She admired it for a moment, fingertips tracing up and down the shaft gently, before sliding it all the way to the back of her throat, her one hand at the very base of the shaft as the other played with his balls. He moaned deeply and put his hands on the back of her head, gently thrusting his hips against her hot mouth.

Liz removed her hand from his balls and brought it down to rub her swollen clit as she sucked hard on his cock. The feeling of his dick in her mouth was better than she had ever imagined, and she had imagined it many times over the years. She slid her mouth up and down the long shaft, sweeping her tongue around the head, sliding her mouth off and jerking him with one hand while she licked and sucked his balls, taking one and then the other into her mouth and sucking gently. She stroked him faster, matching the pace she kept with her clit. After a moment she pulled her mouth from his balls and licked up the underside of his dick, sucking gently where the head met the shaft, and slid him down her throat again as she brought herself to climax.

"Oh, fuck, Liz, I'm so close," Joe said, tilting his head back as she fucked him with her mouth. Hearing those words, Liz pulled away and grinned at him. 

"Not yet," she said softly. "I have something special in mind first."

She stood up and led him by his hand to the bedroom. She pushed him roughly onto the bed and climbed on top of him, facing away from him as she slowly lowered her dripping pussy down his pulsing cock. They both moaned loudly as he entered her, and she continued playing with her clit as she started bouncing up and down on top of him. His moans increased as she began screaming his name as she came multiple times, her cum running down his dick as she rode him hard and fast. Just as Joe thought he was going to cum, Liz suddenly stopped and slid off of him.

"Now I want you to fuck me," she told him, directing him to switch places with her. He scrambled up and she lay down, putting her legs together and bending so that her feet were over her head.

Joe placed the head of his cock against her dripping cunt, teasingly putting the head in her tight hole and then pulling back out, doing this a few times until she was begging to have his dick inside of her. He slammed into her with such force that she came once more, screaming and grabbing at the sheets. He slid his cock hard in and out of her hot, tight cunt, and she constantly screamed, begging him to go harder and deeper until he was buried to his balls in her dripping pussy. Once again, he could feel his orgasm mounting, but she stopped him once more.

"Fuck me in the ass," she whispered. He nearly came at just that, but he looked at her with concern.

"Are you sure?" He asked. He knew she had never done it before, just as she knew he loved it. She nodded.

"I want you in my tight little ass," she whispered. "But don't cum. When you're ready to cum, I want you to jerk yourself until you cum on my tits."

Joe's eyes widened as he ran a finger around her tight asshole, eliciting a small moan from Liz. He had no idea she was so into sex. He had known, of course, that she enjoyed it, but not like this.

Her pussy was so wet that its cum had completely covered her ass, and Joe's cock was still dripping with it, leaving her ass nice and wet and ready to take his cock inside of it. He went slowly, inch by inch, gauging her reaction as he inserted more and more of his dick into her. Her ass was so fucking tight, squeezing his dick hard, and he could barely contain herself. She began to moan, and he reached one hand between her legs to rub her clit as he started thrusting gently. 

"Do you like it?" He asked gruffly, wanting desperately to fuck her tight ass even harder. She moaned in response.

"Fuck, Joe, I love it. Fuck my ass, oh fuck yes," she whimpered, her clit swelling against his fingers.

Joe began moving his dick faster, and Liz began moaning harder, screaming at him to fuck her hot little ass. His fingers moved fast against her clit, and soon she arched her back slightly and came against his hand. The muscles in her ass contracted, and Joe had to pull out quickly to keep from cumming. 

Liz whimpered at the loss of his cock, but he quickly pulled her to her knees. She squeezed her tits together, looking at him hungrily, and said, 

"Oh, fuck, Joe, cum on my tits. Shoot your hot, sticky load all over me."

Joe stroked his cock quickly, but it took only a few seconds before tremors wracked his body and his cum shot hard from his dick, covering Liz's perfect breasts. She moaned and clearly came at the feeling, and Joe felt himself cum even harder at the sight. He milked his cock as the cum kept flowing, giving him the most intense orgasm he could remember. After what seemed like forever, he gasped and collapsed on the bed. Liz lay down next to him, idly tracing her fingers through the cum on her tits, occasionally bringing a finger to her mouth and licking it clean.

"Worth the wait," she said breathlessly as they both fell asleep.