 The next morning, the day of the wedding I wasn't going to attend, Eleanor Kaminski was waiting for me at her back door at 9 a.m. She was wearing a man's white broadcloth shirt, a little frayed at the collar, and nothing else, like some model in a Swedish pipe tobacco commercial. She unbuttoned it as she led me through her kitchen, and when we reached the hallway she stopped and turned, dropped the shirt to the floor, and knelt in front of me, completely naked.

"I can't think about anything else but doing this," she said, yanking at the button on my jeans and pulling down my zipper. She slid my pants and underwear halfway down my thighs and looked at my cock.

"Like a lollipop, you said, right?" She cradled my balls in the palm of her hand, lifting the whole package, then kissed the head of my dick.

"First like an ice cream cone," I said, "and then like a lollipop."

She licked around the head, then under it, and I started to stiffen.

"If I do something wrong, tell me," she said. "Tell me how to do this."

"Suck it, but softly," I said, reaching for one of her big breasts. "Try not to scrape your teeth over it too much."

She held the head of my cock between her lips and sucked at it.

"Take in more of it," I said, brushing back her hair. "Move your lips back and forth over it, like you're fucking it."

"Mmm-hmm, mmm-hmm," she began to move her head.

"That feels good," I said, looking down. There was almost a kittenish quality about her, a combination of innocence and unselfconscious sensuality, sucking a cock for the first time because she wanted to, because it was turning her on to do it. I fondled her heavy, delicious tits and watched my cock slide in and out of her mouth, her hands gripping my thighs, and it was one of the most heartbreakingly sexy things I'd ever seen.

"Now use your hand, too," I said, and moved her right hand to my shaft. She looked up at me then, and I made a ring of my own fingers and thumb, held it to my lips, and mimed the motion, back and forth, with a little twist of the hand on the downstroke. She closed her eyes and returned to her cocksucking, trying to do it the way I showed her.

She was a quick study.

"Oh, shit," I breathed.

She stopped. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," I said. "Mrs. Kaminski, you're going to make me come doing that."

"I want you to come," she said. "In my mouth."

She took control of my cock again with her lips and hand, moving a little faster now that she knew that I was close. I held both of her breasts, my legs trembling.

"Oh, fuck, I'm going to shoot my load in your mouth," I said, more to myself than to her, and began spurting jets of semen.

She was moving so quickly now that she accidently came all the way off my cock, and a shot of thick cum hit her cheek.

"Shit!" she said and hurriedly took my pulsing dick back in her mouth, receiving the rest of my load.

She was still sucking and pumping my cock even after I'd finished ejaculating, and I finally had to stop her, my body jerking involuntarily.

"Too sensitive, it's too sensitive now," I said. "Stop for a minute."

She wiped her cheek, looked at the cum on her fingers, and ate it.

"Was that good?" she said.

I lowered myself shakily to my knees and kissed her.

"Mrs. Kaminski, you taste like my hot cum," I said.

"You should call me El," she said.

I ate out Mrs. K. on her carpeted hallway floor. I knew she was turned on by the blowjob she just gave me because she came fast, the pump being already well primed, as it were. Her pussy was a sopping, pulsing, fragrant mess, and I stayed at it, gently kissing and licking her clit and cunt lips long past the grand tumult of her orgasm while she stroked my head.

"I can't believe this," she said.

"Me either," I said. That was true enough.

"I can't believe how much you make me come," she said.

"You're so sexy," I said. "I've been coming all summer because of you."

"And your girlfriend."

"She's not really my girlfriend," I said. "When we're doing things, I think of you."

"Really?"

"Yes," I said.

"You shouldn't," she said. "You shouldn't think of me."

"I can't help it."

"It's wrong," she said.

"Thinking is not wrong," I said. "You wanted me to think of you."

"I didn't."

"Yes, you did," I teased, kissing at her clit. "Every Wednesday I came to cut your grass, you came out looking sexier than the week before. You came out pulling weeds in your tank top, showing me your beautiful breasts."

"And my ass," she said. "My big Polish ass."

"I love your big Polish ass."

Her breathing was starting to change, like she was beginning to get aroused again. After a pause, she said:

"Do you think about fucking me up the ass?"

I was surprised but kept licking. Truth is, I hadn't thought about fucking anyone's ass. Like I said before, I was clueless that straight people did that until Suzie Bowen and I read a few anal stories in her magazines. That Eleanor Kaminski knew of such a thing, given her admitted lack of experience, was a bit of a shock.

I told her the truth, that I'd read people did that, but I hadn't really thought about doing it to her. "I think about fucking you from behind," I said.

"Sometimes, when my husband would fuck me when he was drunk, he would tell me he was going to fuck me up the ass," she said.

"Did he ever do it?" I said. I slid two fingers into her pussy.

"No..." she finally managed between little groans as I picked up the pace. "I think... uuhh... saying it... helped make him... ooohhh... come."

"Have you thought about me fucking your ass," I said, pumping my fingers more quickly in and out of her, tonguing her clitoris.

"I have," she whispered. She moved her hips up and down.

I withdrew my fingers, took both her thighs in my hands, and gently pressed them back toward her, raising her ass slightly, continuing to lick her. I extended the path I was tracing with my tongue over the skin of her perineum. I may have never thought about it before, but the idea was now turning me on, imagining Eleanor Kaminski masturbating to thoughts of me fucking her in the ass. I pulled back a bit to look at the wrinkly brown pucker of her asshole. It was dry and clean. I touched it lightly with the tip of my tongue and Eleanor Kaminski gasped with pleasure.

She hooked her own arms behind her knees and pulled her legs back, relieving me of the burden, and making it clear, I thought, what she wanted. I slipped two fingers back inside her cunt and started finger fucking her as I worked my tongue-tip vigorously against the dilating pucker of her asshole, tentatively at first, but then more vigorously once I found I didn't mind licking her there.

"Oh... fuck... oh... fuck..." she chanted in two-four time.

My cock was pressed uncomfortably beneath me against the bristly carpeting, and I hitched up on my knees a bit to give it some relief and space. Eleanor Kaminski was pulling powerfully back on her legs, opening herself to me as much as she could, rocking back and forth on the floor. I fucked my fingers in and out of her fast. The tip of my tongue was penetrating her asshole ever so slightly.

"Oh, yeah," I said between licks. "I think you want me to fuck this sweet Polish ass."

"Fuck," she breathed.

"You want my cock in it," I said. "You want to feel me fucking it. You want to feel me fill it with my hot cum."

"Oh shit..." she gasped.

I licked the middle finger of my other hand and pressed it into her asshole, slowly, slowly, up to the first knuckle.

She started coming, thrusting her ass up and slamming it back down.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck me! FUCK ME!" she was shouting, hammering her ass against the floor, the hallway booming with the impact.

I lurched forward and hurriedly replaced the fingers I'd been pumping in and out of her pussy with my hard cock and began fucking her as fast as I could, my one arm bent awkwardly behind me as I tried to keep a finger in her ass. But I couldn't manage it for very long in that position and finally gave up trying to keep a finger in her ass and just fucked her. The whole episode had me so turned on that I just needed to get my cock in her and drop my load.

"Fuck, I'm gonna fill you," I said through gritted teeth.

"Gimme it... gimme it," she bent her head forward and looked down between the great valley of her breasts and over the rolls of her stomach to watch my cock sliding in and out of her, my hips thwapping against the backs of her thighs.

"Here it comes," I said. "Fuck... oh, fuck. Take it. Fucking take it."

I bottomed out in her slippery cunt and began spurting my cumload, withdrew and rammed her again, still spurting, pulsing out seed, dripping sweat. She grabbed the back of my neck and pulled my head down to kiss me. My cock continued to spasm.

"That's it..." she whispered into my mouth between kisses. "That's it... Give it to me. Give me all that thick sperm. Mmm..."

.:.

I didn't know if it had been Eleanor Kaminski's plan to have sex in the hallway off the kitchen. It may have been that her eagerness to suck me, and the subsequent momentum of things, was too great to pause so we might move to a more comfortable location. I can't say that I was much concerned about where we did it, apart from the obvious risk of having no warning should Big Ed return unexpectedly from his fishing trip and come through the kitchen door to the sight of my bare ass and swinging balls as I pumped away atop his naked wife on the floor. Now, in the narrow space, only just wide enough for us to lay side by side, we caught our breath and gingerly assessed our respective rug burns. She rolled slightly onto her side and touched her fingers to the small of her back.

"It doesn't feel too bad," she said. "If I dab a little Vaseline on it, it should be fine."

"Sorry if I went too rough on you."

"Mmm, no, that's the way I wanted it. The way you made me come with... you know, the way you made me come, it was so intense, I just felt like... I just wanted it really hard. I felt a little out of control."

"Me too," I said. "When you started shouting for me to fuck you, I just... I had to do it."

"Mmm..." she said. "I don't think I've ever felt as good as I feel right now." She was on her side, her head resting on her outstretched arm. One of her big, soft breasts was draped over my bicep. With her other hand, she very lightly raked the hair on my chest with the ends of her nails.

"That's good," I said. "That's... that's nice to hear."

"I don't mean just this exact moment," she said, sighing. "I mean in general. This summer. This has been... interesting."

She smoothed her hand down my stomach. My balls and soft cock were cool and more than a little sticky from all we'd just completed, and her hand as she cupped them felt warm. I made a little murmur and closed my eyes. I hoped, however, that she wasn't expecting me to get it up again and go at it one more time. There was no chance I was going to manage that before I had to leave for my shift at the A&P. She was thinking of something else, though. Or, I should say, she was thinking that I was thinking something else.

"Oh, don't worry," she whispered in my ear. "I'm not going to divorce my husband and ask you if we could run away together. I know how this works."

"I wasn't thinking that," I said. In the back of my mind, though, since the day she invited me back after the first time I'd fucked her, I had worried about the possibilities of some emotional component to what we were doing that might complicate things.

"Good," she said. "Because I would hate to scare you away before you had the chance to make me come as much as possible before we have to stop."

"Really?" I said. "Is that...is that what you want?"

She laughed a little.

"You were going to say 'Is that all I want.' Yeah, that's what I want. Is that all I want? No, probably not. But that's all you can give me. And that's okay. No, it's more than okay. I'll figure out the rest of it later." She was massaging my balls gently now and my cock began to stir. I wondered what she meant by "the rest of it," but didn't ask.

"Mrs... El," I said. "I don't think I can go again right now. I don't know if I have enough time." What she was doing felt good, though.

"That's okay, I know," she murmured. "I'm just playing." I looked at her. Her head still rested on her arm. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing through her slightly parted lips. Finally, she stopped her gentle kneading and sighed, a sharp exhale of finality, and opened her eyes.

"You can come back tonight, you know," she said. "Anytime you want. It doesn't matter if it's late. I know it's a Saturday and you probably have to do your girlfriend. But I'm just going to be here by myself. Probably naked. Wet." She smiled.

I sat up and looked around for my shirt, handed Mrs. Kaminski hers. She didn't put it on but held it over her breasts as she sat up.

"When does Victoria come home from summer camp?" I said.

"We pick her up next Sunday."

"I can come back later tonight," I said. "It won't be too late."