 The quotidian fuckfest that was the Suzie Bowen Experience continued apace. Unfortunately, the time we spent together that didn't involve sex seemed more pointless than ever. Not that there was a lot of it. Her affinity for orgasms at someone's hand other than her own was probably equal to mine.

Often we had to limit ourselves to quick blowjobs, handjobs, and finger fucks. One night, while her mother sat in the living room watching a "Hawaii Five-O" rerun, Suzie made us grilled cheese sandwiches in the tiny Bowen kitchen. Sitting at the square Formica kitchen table, she scooted her chair up close to the corner and said "Take it out." I unzipped and pulled out my cock under the table. She took it in her hand and started jerking it, eating her half of grilled cheese sandwich with the other hand, looking past me over my shoulder toward the kitchen doorway.

"You need to give me your load. I'm really horny," she said. "Feed it to me."

"Then get ready," I breathed.

She put down her sandwich, ducked her head under the table, took my cockhead between her lips, and sucked me. I pressed the heels of both hands onto the seat of my kitchen chair, raised my hips, and started pumping cum into her mouth.

After she swallowed it down and I repacked my half-hard dick in my pants, she sat on my lap so I could put my hand inside the leg of her shorts and slide two fingers inside her.

"What if she comes in?" I whispered.

"Just take your fingers out." She was already panting lightly. "But she won't."

I finger-fucked her through the leg of her shorts until she hunched forward, grabbed the edge of the table, and came.

When I removed my hand, my fingers painted a glistening red trail along the skin of her thigh.

"Oh, damn," she said. She grabbed a paper towel to wipe her leg, then jammed it down the front of her shorts and hurried off to the bathroom. I washed up at the kitchen sink and sat back down to finish my sandwich. Soon I heard the voices of Suzie Bowen and her mother in the other room, but I couldn't understand what they were saying, their words swept up in the murky wash of music and noise from the TV.

I was pressing my pinky finger into the few sharp sandwich crumbs on my plate, one by one, when Suzie Bowen came back into the kitchen wearing a different pair of shorts. She sat down and took a bite of her cold sandwich.

"Guess the pool is closed for a few days," she said.

 .:.