 Even though we waited online at the snack bar for ten minutes, it turned out neither one of us was hungry. I bought a large soda for us to share. As soon as we got back to the car, Suzie Bowen put the soda on the floor, got up on her knees on the bench seat, and stripped off her polo shirt again. She leaned forward and kissed me, then went once more for the button on my jeans.

"Can you pull these down some?" she said, and I lifted my ass and yanked my jeans and underwear halfway down my thighs. She pulled up my t-shirt a bit and I finished peeling it off. She leaned forward and kissed me again, her warm bare breast pressing against my upper arm, her hand going down between my legs and wrapping around my erection. We French kissed while I fondled her tit and she stroked me. Then she pulled away, scooted back a bit on the seat, and lowered her head into my lap. I watched her as she closed her eyes and parted her lips. Then, for the first time, I felt the silkiest imaginable warmth envelop the swollen head of my cock.

I imagined her reflecting on the books that she'd been reading as her lips firmly but gently caressed the head and shaft of my hard cock. As if the words, the narratives about sucking off a swollen dick, were going through her mind. She didn't bob frantically up and down. I never felt a hint of teeth graze the skin. She twisted her head carefully from side to side. I held one of her dangling breasts while she sucked me.

She paused and breathed onto the head of my dick, "Do you like this?"

"Yes," I panted.

"What do you like?" slowly stroking up and down my length with her hand.

"What you're doing. I like what you're doing."

"Say what I'm doing," taking my cock between her lips again.

"You're blowing me." She made pleasurable murmurs as she continued to fuck my dick with her mouth.

"I'm sucking you," she said.

"Yeah, you're sucking me."

"You know the rule, right?" she said, pausing.

"I'll tell you when I'm about to come," I said.

"The woman in the book said when I'm ready to take your load, I should use both my hand and my mouth together. Give a little twist with the hand, all the way up to the head." She brought her hand into play and started doing just that. The increase of stimulation and sensation on my cock was immediate and considerable. "She said you should talk, too."

"Me?"

"No, me," she said. She stopped again, took her mouth from me, and squeezed my shaft, making my cockhead swell. "Are you close?"

"A little more of what you were just doing and I'm going to come."

"Good," she said. "I want to feel your cum shoot in my mouth. I'm going to swallow it."

She went back to stroking and sucking me, but her words did as much to hasten me along as her actions, and my orgasm was barreling down on me.

"Oh, shit, you're going to make me come," I said emphatically.

"Mmm-hmm, mmm-hmmm," she sucked and twisted.

"Here it comes," I grunted. "Take it."

She kept murmuring and moving my cock in and out of her mouth as it pulsed and pumped what felt like a copious quantity of semen. I swore I could feel the force of the stream coursing all the way from the base of my dick. I watched the fine muscles of her throat rippling as she swallowed my sperm. I was getting blown. Sucked off. I was coming in a girl's mouth and she was swallowing it, she was eating my cum. The hottest thing that had ever happened to me was also the hottest thing I'd ever seen.

She sat back on her heels on the bench seat. I could see she was sweating, her bare tits gleaming in the half light. She retrieved the soda from the floor and sucked some through the straw.

"Cum and Coke," she deadpanned.

"I'm glad I did that."

"I'm glad you did that, too," I said.

"No, I mean, I'm glad I wanted to do it."

I didn't repeat myself; it wasn't necessary. In fact, I was conscious of a need to tread carefully, and weigh my words and actions. This might be a dream, or she might have been under some kind of spell, and I didn't want to do or say anything that would snap her out of it. I was even worried that saying "Take it" when I started shooting in her mouth—it just came out; I hadn't meant to say it—was maybe, I don't know, too aggressive or something, the kind of thing that could piss her off.

"I'm afraid I'm going to become a sex fiend," she said, sipping Coke. She was still topless, reclining against the passenger door.

"Naw," I said. Yessss, I thought. "You're just, you know, experimenting."

I felt like I should anonymously send her mother candy and flowers for creating the Sex Box.

I was still almost naked as well, my jeans and shorts yanked down past my knees. My cock was mostly soft and resting against my bare thigh. When I saw her staring at it, I felt it begin to twitch back to life.

She said, "It was really exciting when you said you were going to come and told me to take it."

"It just came out. It was really exciting for me when you said you wanted to swallow my cum."

"I think it's still exciting for you," watching my cock continue to stiffen.

"Certain words," I said, twisting to face her more, opening my legs a bit. "Hearing certain words can really be kind of hot. Like when you said about taking my load."

"I know," she said. "I like when the characters say raunchy things to each other while they're having sex. A lot of descriptions are good, too, but I get most turned on when they say certain things, like you said."

"What other things?" I said. But she looked down and shook her head.

"Don't be embarrassed," I said. "We're sitting here, the both of us practically naked."

She looked up again, focusing on my lower half, my fully erect dick and balls on display for her now, an arm's length away.

"You're bad," she breathed.

"I want to see your pussy again," I said. She looked me in the eye and held my gaze as she undid her shorts and slid them down, removed one leg from them completely. She mirrored how I was sitting, one bent knee up on the car seat, the other foot on the floor.

"There it is," she said. "You're certainly getting to see a lot of it tonight."

"I guess you don't mind."

"I guess not."

I knelt on the seat and started running my hand up her leg.

"When you came in my mouth it still seemed like a lot," she said. "If I hadn't already made you come, I don't know if I could have swallowed it all."

"It was your first time," I said. "Mine too." I didn't tell her that that was actually my third pop of the day, not the second. The idea of saving up a couple days' worth of jizz to put her new cum swallowing skills to a real test turned me on enormously.

"What are you planning on doing?" She was watching my hand stroking higher and higher up her thigh. I put my index and middle fingers in my mouth to moisten them with my spit, then ran them over her slit.

"I want to put my fingers in you again," I said.

She slouched down further on the seat until her head was propped against the armrest. Slowly, I began to work the tips of my two fingers between her folds. She grunted softly as I moved them deeper into her hole. I was close enough that she could reach my cock. She took in her palm, underhanded, and started to lightly tug it.

"Deeper," she said, so I went deeper. I could feel her insides opening around my fingers, and I began to pump them in and out, but slowly.

"Keep fucking it," she whispered.

My urge was to go fast but I restrained myself, trying to build up the speed slowly.

"I want to make you come again," I said. "I want you to come all over my hand like you came all over my mouth."

"Oh yeah," she breathed. "Finger me. Finger me."

She was still performing an underhanded jacking of my cock. It was kind of erratic; she pumped it fast and then would stop, concentrating on what was going on between her legs. But it felt good nonetheless, and I was okay with that. I thought there was a better than even chance that she might suck it again tonight.

"Finger me," she repeated. "Yeah... yeah... finger my..." she paused, then said, almost inaudibly, like she was trying it out, "cunt."

"Take it," I said. "Take it." I figured, hey, she liked hearing that before. Why not?

"Yeah, yeah, that's it." Her voice was strained, pitched higher. "Finger that cunt... finger that horny cunt... my cunt... fuck my cunt..."

"Oh, fuck," I cried, and suddenly shot my load, a single forceful stream that painted a line up the inside of her thigh. I practically didn't feel it coming until it did, but her words and the sound of her voice pulled me over the edge, and it caught me completely by surprise.

"Uhhhnnnnn," she moaned and bucked, looking down at the cumshot stretched along her leg, her bare ass thumping up and down hard on the seat. I continued to spasm but the rest of my load just oozed out over her wrist. She grabbed the hand I was using to fuck her and held it fast, staying my thrusting but keeping my fingers buried inside her as her orgasm wound down.

She used up all the napkins in the glove box to clean herself. We lowered the windows to defog and air out the car, and both sat in silence watching the last twenty minutes of Moonraker.

"This seems kind of dumb," she said at one point.

"It does," I said. "We might have to come back and not watch it again."

She didn't say anything, just sat there and sucked down the last of the Coke.

I dropped her off and drove home. I stripped, put on a pair of loose gym shorts, and flopped down atop the sheets. Air conditioning was a luxury back in those days, so whatever air wafted through the screens in my bedroom window was the only relief. The night was close and insect-loud. I thought about jerking off; the recollection of Suzie Bowen swallowing my cum and telling me to fuck her cunt would have been enough to get me off one more time, but I knew it would still probably take a while, and result in me soaking the bedding with sweat and shooting blanks. I remember thinking that finally, after all these months, maybe The Imbecile and I had forged a mutual interest.

.:.

Suzie Bowen called me early the next morning. I was awake, but still in bed, casually sanding down the edges of my morning wood, thinking about her swallowing my cum (and in half-disbelief that it actually happened) when my mother yelled up the steps to come down and get the phone. I pulled on shorts and a t-shirt. My mother was frowning at the bottom of the steps.

"Why is she calling so early?" she said. "Didn't you just see her last night?" My mother didn't like Suzie's mother, Stella, and so by association didn't like Suzie.

"I don't know," I said. "She must want something."

Suzie said, "Were you still sleeping?"

"No, I was awake. Just up in my room."

"Were you masturbating?"

"What? No."

"You're lying."

"No, I'm not," I lied. "I was thinking about it, but... yesterday was a, um, very busy day. So I wasn't feeling a strong need at the moment."

"You need to come over here," she said.

"Now?"

"Yes, now. My mother's gone, there's no one here."

"Okay, but, I've got to work today. My shift at the grocery starts at 10."

"It's only 8. So come over here first and then go there."

"I'll be done by six," I said. "I can come over then."

"And my mother will be home at 6, and for the rest of the night. Would you rather masturbate in the shower this morning, or have me suck you off and swallow your load?"

Suzie Bowen answered the door wearing a short satin robe, loosely belted, and looked as sexy as hell. She bolted and chained the front door behind me, then led me into her bedroom and locked that door as well. The Bowens house was even smaller than ours, a sort of quasi-ranch, everything on one floor over a finished basement. Her bedroom was tiny, cramped. I'd only been in it a few times. There were a couple of Penthouse Letters booklets in the tangle of sheets on her bed. Suzie had already shed her robe and gotten down on her knees while I was still giving the place the once-over. She yanked me toward her by my belt, then started undoing it while I pulled off my shirt.

I looked down her, completely naked on her knees, as she cradled my balls and took the head of my flaccid cock between her lips and began to suckle it. I thickened into a meaty hardness in less than a minute, and she immediately began that technique from the previous night, using her mouth and hand in tandem. She only stopped sucking occasionally to speak.

"Don't hold back," she said. "I've been thinking about eating your cum all morning."

Her tits looked amazing, with those big, dark areolas tipped with stiff nipples. I took both in my hands and played with them while she sucked me.

"Shit, you're going to make me come," I said. My legs started shaking. I put my hands on her shoulders to try to steady myself.

"Give it to me," she said, pumping my dick. "Make me take it. Shoot your hot cream in my mouth. Fill it."

That was it for me.

"Oh, fuck," I said. "Here it comes. Take it. Take my cum. Take that hot... fucking... cum..."

The first spasm felt strong and the force of it caught her off guard. She choked, then coughed, and cum sprayed out around the cock still in her mouth and splattered my lower abdomen. But she kept sucking and pumping as I continued spurting jizz into her mouth.

When I'd finished, she let my cock drop from between her lips. She brought her hand up to her mouth, bent her head, and let a generous load of semen spill from her lips into the palm of her hand. Then she started coughing, trying to clear her throat.

"Sorry," she said between coughs, "first shot went down the wrong pipe."

I stayed where I was, my spent dick dangling before her face, and looked around her bedroom for some tissues.

But she didn't need them. After she'd coughed it out and cleared whatever semen she'd aspirated, she bent to her cupped palm and tipped her head back, letting my cumload slide into her mouth like she was eating an oyster, and swallowed it.

I can safely say that, over the years, I've had a satisfying variety of women eat a great quantity of my cum. Some have jacked me off into their open mouths, letting me see my jizz coat their tongues before gulping it down. Some have scooped it from their tits or bellies and fed it to themselves. One was particularly good at swallowing my entire cock at the critical moment and taking my cumshots straight down her throat. But no one has ever swallowed my load quite like that again.

I dropped to my knees and kissed her deeply, gratefully.

After that, I got Suzie to lie crosswise on her bed, and I knelt between her legs and ate her out, licking her and finger-fucking her like I did the night before. She seemed to be struggling a bit with her orgasm until I starting giving her some verbal encouragement. When I told her that if she didn't come all over my mouth soon, I was going to have to shove my thick, hard cock into her horny little cunt and fuck it, she went off like a Roman candle.

We were both soaked, covered in sweat by this time. I imagined that her stuffy little bedroom must have smelled like cunt, but then my face was well bathed in her juices and that may have been what filled me senses. We lay next to each other, still crosswise on the bed, but not touching.

"Can I take a fast shower before I go?" I asked her.

She craned her neck and looked at the clock on her bedside table.

"If you take a shower, there won't be enough time for us to fuck."

I propped myself up on my elbows and looked down at her.

"You want to have... you want to fuck?"

"Don't you?"

"Well, yeah, but... I don't have any rubbers. I mean, I had one, but it was in my wallet for so long that I finally got rid of it. I was afraid it wasn't going to be any good anymore."

"You don't need one. I'm on the pill."

"Since when?"

"Wintertime. My doctor put me on it to regulate my periods."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Why should I tell you?" she said. "So you could pressure me into having sex?"

"I wouldn't have done that," I said.

"Yeah, right."

"Okay, well, it doesn't matter now," I said. "But why didn't we just do it first, as soon as I got here?"

"I told you, I've been thinking all morning about eating your cum. Besides, I figured if I blew you first that you'd last longer. That you wouldn't start shooting off as soon as you put it in me."

"You're such a romantic," I said. She shrugged. "Well, after last night and this morning, I don't think there's much chance of that. 'Shooting off' as soon as I 'put it in you,' I mean. In fact, I'm just not sure I can get hard again right now."

"Oh, you'll get hard again," she said sitting up, leaning over my dick, and taking it in her mouth.

I reached the timeclock in the A&P breakroom at 9:59, still panting from my bolt across the parking lot. Sally Speaker, my co-worker, another non-union shit-work grocery bagger like me, was just punching her card.

"Oh, good, you made it," she said. "I was debating on whether I should punch your card or not when it hit 10. I didn't want you to get docked, but I wasn't sure you were coming. No one said anything about you calling off."

"Thanks," I said. "But you shouldn't do that, even if you know I'm going to be here. They'll fire you in a minute. I'll just get docked."

She shrugged. "I don't give a shit. It's not like I can't get another minimum wage job."

Sally was cool. I dug her. She was my age, a petite brunette, and thinner than mountain air, couldn't have weighed a hundred pounds. In summer, she always wore a tube top underneath her A&P jacket—we had to wear these stupid, oversized red-and-white striped jackets, like some bad barbershop quartet costume—and unbelievably tight jeans. And I mean tight, as in pronounced camel-toe tight. Her breasts were only just large enough to disqualify her as flat-chested.

And I thought she was sexy, in a mildly loose, slutty kind of way. She was the only girl in our teenaged bagging crew, and she liked me the best, mostly because all the other guys were always hitting on her or just out-and-out propositioning her. I never did because, well, I really wasn't much good at hitting on girls. I found it kind of embarrassing. And, as I think I came to learn in the situation there with Sally, it didn't really work. I was the only one she was friendly with, and it wasn't because I was better looking than everyone else. I just didn't act like a dick.

I also thought that, if I'd asked, she'd have gone out with me. But I didn't. Mostly because I wasn't sure how to pull it off. For one thing, she lived up north of Warren: not an especially convenient location for someone who didn't have his own car. Also, between my other jobs and my "girlfriend," it might have been difficult to arrange a date.

Also, I was a little intimidated by her. We were the same age, but to me she seemed older than her years, more mature. She had a savviness about her, and a clear, no-bullshit kind of certainty. I felt like, if we would ever actually go on a date, I'd be a bundle of nerves, tripping over myself and my words, while she would just fix me with her gimlet eye and ask herself what in the hell was she doing with this young boy.

Sometimes, if we were working the closing shift together, we'd sneak a cigarette in the large trash room at the very rear of the store, during our clean-up chores. No one ever went back there except us grunts who were responsible for dealing with store garbage; we called it The Shithole. Don't think I never fantasized coming up behind her on those brief rendezvous and wrapping my arms around her waist, running my hands up under her jacket, and pressing my hardon against her tightly clad denim ass, because I did, a lot. But I never did it. We just talked instead. Most of the time she talked about her various disappointing situations with men. She seemed to go out with a lot of different guys, many of them much older. Sometimes she asked questions about me and The Imbecile but I didn't like to talk much about that.
