 The headlights of the bus flashed brightly, cutting through the darkness of the inner city. It swerved around the corner, lights slicing through the falling rain. 

Pandora sat at the back of the bus gazing through the lashings of water descending from the vast expanse of black that was the sky that night, a void broken only occasionally by flashes of blue forked lightning ripping through the sky. The bus pulled into the dimly lit station and she eagerly looked out and scanned the sparsely populated building for her love. She had been apart from Dorian for what felt like an eternity and all she desired was to feel his breath on her neck and his hand stroking her long blonde hair. 

Her heart sank and pulled with it the feeling of brewing tears in her throat as she found no one. Not a single familiar face among the smattering of people. 

She stood, her head low as she dragged herself from the fabric of the broken and slightly soiled bus seating. She walked quickly off the bus, her dress catching the air and billowing around her sleek, lightly toned legs. 

She stepped outside and briefly inhaled the cool night air as the screen of glass slid open before her. She looked around again, scanning the station for the one that would complete her, the missing piece of her heart for which she had been aching for the past fortnight. Again her search came up with nothing and she stepped forward around the barrier. Before she could register it he was upon her. It was a sudden shock but his smell registered with her before she registered the look of the casually suited man before her. 

A smile started to creep across her face but was stopped as he captured her lips in a searing kiss, expressing all of the longing he felt for her, the extent of his affection. She melted into his strong arms as she wound hers around his neck, entwining her fingers in his hair and pulling him down to her. His tongue darted out from between his lips begging her mouth for entrance. As her lips opened slowly he slid his tongue over hers, intimately reacquainting himself with her. 

As they broke apart she opened her eyes slowly as he pulled her flush against his chest, holding her in his arms and breathing in her scent. She relaxed into him again, her love for him comforting her, an extra subconscious blanket protecting her from the evils of the world. 

They broke apart from each other and he smiled down at her, touching his forehead to hers. He took her by the hand and they walked from the shelter of the bus station out into the darkness of the night. 

The rain splashed down upon them pasting Dorian's hair to his face as Pandora cowered into him in an attempt to keep dry. They raced across the city nightlife, the rainy streets deserted and silent except for their footsteps. 

They arrived at their sanctuary, the place in the city where they had shared their first kiss, that first declaration of their love and where they hid from the world. Slowing their pace, they reached the cover of the great stone structure. Pandora walked ahead slightly as she shook her hair out of her face, taking her first step onto the broken tiles of the stairs. 

Dorian walked behind her as they ascended the stairs to their covered balcony. He watched her as her hips swayed, the vague outline of her perfect curves showing through the fabric. She turned to face him as he brushed his wavy brown hair from his eye. 

He stepped towards her and cupped her cheek while pulling her towards him with his other hand on her hip. He kissed her again and, softly pulling her closer to him, deepened the kiss pouring pure love, passion and need into her soul. 

Pandora ran her hands up her arms and pushed his jacket off his shoulders, letting it drop to the floor. He released her to let it fall before wrapping his arms around her to once again draw her against him. Her slender hands crept up his torso, progressively opening the blood red silk of his shirt to reveal the lightly tanned skin of his torso. 

She wrapped her arms around him feeling the warmth of his skin under her fingers, pulling him towards her, rubbing the material of her dress against his bare chest. His hand moved up from her hip to gently stroke the luxuriously soft skin of her shoulder, pushing the shoulder straps of her dress down her arms. The black lace tumbled and bunched around her hips revealing her ivory skin and soft, pert breasts. 

The moonlight illuminated the two as they remained locked together in their passion, whispering their soft declarations of love between kisses. Dorian lightly stroked down from her shoulder and gently massaged her left breast, lowering his mouth to her right nipple sucking gently at the already hard pink nub, drawing moans of pleasure from Pandora's full red lips. His tongue whipped lightly over her nipple before he gave his attention to the other, breathy moans signalling his partner's bliss.

He ran his hand lower, stroking his lover's stomach through the dress before dropping his hand to her knee and running it gently back up her inner thigh. He teased her lightly before rubbing his fingertips over the black lace of her panties sending jolts of pleasure shooting through her. The French lace flexed aside at his lightest urging and his fingertips eagerly found their way to her aching clit, touching it lightly eliciting hisses of pleasure and anticipation from Pandora. 

Her knees were starting to buckle, the anticipation and pleasure too much for her. She wrapped her arms around his neck to support her as he slipped two of his fingers into her folds and started to circle her clit with his thumb. He thrust his fingers into her wetness, slowly at first, gradually gaining speed, pleasure now coursing through her. Her muscles clenched around his fingers as she got ever closer, her hips jerking roughly on the coarse but gentle skin his hand as she finally reached her climax. 

She pulled herself closer to his face, kissing him deeply as he lay her down on the cold marble of the balcony. He laid his hand spread on her thigh as he pushed the material of her dress up, baring her to him. She reached down from his neck and quickly popped open the button of his trousers, pulling open the zip and pushing them down to reveal his throbbing erection. She held it in her cool hand for a moment before gently pulling him towards her and positioning him above her opening. 

She wrapped her legs around his hips and kissed him, hissing as he slowly thrust into her, allowing her time to adjust to the feel of him before he slowly started to move within her. She leant her head on his neck, peppering it with gentle kisses as she moaned into his ear, her muscles clenching around him, pulling him further into her as she held him there with her legs. Pandora slowly shifted her hips against him, grinding against him. 

They found the all too familiar rhythm to which they had come to crave as he thrust inside her. Her movements became more and more frenzied along with his as they got closer to climax, her release triggering him to spasm inside her, jerking repeatedly as he released all of his tensions which had been building while they were apart. 

They lay there, holding each other as the moon once again disappeared behind the now forgotten rainclouds, the only illumination coming now from the lightning forking its way through the sky.