 It had been a long day. I was tired and running out of time. My girlfriend's birthday was tomorrow and I needed a present. The mall would be closed soon and I was still empty-handed. I had already tried the jewelry stores, but with a bank account like mine, there wasn't much hope there. Out of desperation, I walked into the nearly empty lingerie store. Surely I could find something there that I -she- would like.

As I walked in through the front door, I felt the familiar twinge of guilt. Walking through the places with the prominent displays of lingerie on provocatively posed mannequins always made me feel like a little bit of a pervert.

"Can I help you sir?" asked a bouncy feminine voice.

I turned to see a gorgeous sales girl smiling at me. Her long brown hair framed a pretty oval face with beautiful green eyes with long lashes. Her full lips and red lipstick highlighted her playful smile. She had the typical retail sales uniform but with a dash more excitement. Her white blouse was unbuttoned just a little further than most, teasing me with a hint of cleavage and a suggestion of lacy bra. Her short skirt hugged the curve of her hips and highlighted her long legs, further accentuated by the high heels she wore.

"No thanks. At the minute I'm just looking." I finally stammered.

"Okay sir. Please keep in mind that we are closing soon. Let me know if I can help you at all." She smiled at me, turned and walked over to a nearby rack rearranging the silky merchandise. I couldn't take my eyes off her gorgeous ass as she walked away from me.

Tearing my eyes away from her, I walked through the rest of the store. "You'll never get done if you don't get started," I muttered to myself. I headed for the sleepwear area knowing that my girlfriend usually wore a pair of men's shorts and a tee shirt to bed. I was going to try to change that. As I looked through the rack of teddies and baby doll nighties, I couldn't help but look up from time to time to check on the sexy sales girl. As she worked she'd also look up occasionally catching my eye, and smiling sweetly each time. Once as she bent over to retrieve some merchandise from the floor, I caught a quick glimpse of the smooth mounds of her breasts as her blouse fell open. The sight caught my attention and I could feel my cock start to swell.

Even with all the distraction, I still managed to pick out two contenders for my birthday present, but then could not decide which one to buy. My choices were a pale blue baby doll nightie with a sheer fabric draped over a slightly more substantial bottom and a hot red teddy with a thong bottom and an extremely low cut top. Priced similarly, I couldn't make up my mind which I liked better or which my girlfriend might prefer.

"Sir, are you almost done? I have to close now," the sales girl said as she walked over to me.

"I've narrowed it down to just these two," I said holding my two choices in my hands. "But I don't know how to pick between the two." With that, the proverbial light bulb went on. "Say, do you think maybe you could help me?" I asked. "You have about the same build as my girlfriend, and I think it would really help me make up my mind if, you know, I could maybe get a live demonstration."

Her eyebrows furrowed for a moment as her smile gave way to a frown. Looking at me she shook her head saying, "Really sir, I'm just supposed to sell the clothes. I don't get paid to model them. I'm afraid you'll have to make up your mind, or come back tomorrow."

"I'll make you a deal," I said. "It's closing time, so why don't you lock the door and then take just a few minutes to help me out. I'll make it worth your while. I promise," I lied, hoping she would agree without having to see the cash up front. 

She looked nervously at the door, bit her lower lip and seemed to consider my offer. "I could use some extra cash," she said. "Sales so far this month have been miserable, and I've got the same bills to pay." With that she walked over to the front door, closed it and, pulling the loop of keys from around her wrist, locked the door leaving the keys hanging from the lock. She walked back up to me. "Let's make this quick so I can get out of here."

I handed her both outfits and followed her as she walked over towards the dressing room. In her haste she failed to latch the door behind her and I noticed that it swung open ever so slightly as she stepped into the tiny changing area. As I waited outside, I could see her inside the stall reaching down to slip out of her shoes. As she worked I noticed her oblivion to the just barely open door. I stepped a little closer peering through the tiny door opening. She stood with her back to me although the mirror on the front wall afforded me a view of her front half as well. As I edged closer to peek in, I could see her unbuttoning her blouse. As each button went free, the blouse fell open to expose more and more of her bra and breasts.

I sucked in my breath as the loose blouse gave up its secrets. Her breasts were bigger than the looked at first glance. As her blouse fell away, I could make out more of her figure, her flat stomach, her slender waist. As she took the blouse off and hung it on the wall, I could see her nipples, small and dark, pressing against the light fabric of her bra. My cock started to pulse and twitch in my pants.

I continued watching as her hands moved behind her and unzipped her skirt. As the skirt came open I was treated the sight of her firm ass with a thin strip of her thong underwear disappearing between her legs. "That's why no panty lines", I thought. As she leaned forward to step out of her skirt, I imagined I could see the thong covered outlines of her pussy between her legs. At this thought, my cock started growing rapidly and straining against my pants.

"Since I'm not buying this, I'll have to leave my underwear on, okay?" she called out to the door. As she called out, she glanced at the door in the mirror. I pulled back hoping that she couldn't see me through the tiny space between the door and the frame.

"Yeah, okay", I said trying to sound normal. Even though I moved away from the door, I could still hear cloth rustling as she changed into one of the nighties I had selected. With my courage returning, I leaned back towards the opening in the door. Just as I could see back in the narrow opening, she was slipping the baby doll nightie down over her head and shoulders. I sighed as I caught just a glimpse of her naked pert breasts as they disappeared under the loose gauzy material of the nightie. As she studied her appearance in the mirror, I retreated from the door anticipating that she would soon be coming out.

"Are you ready?" she asked as the door swung open. She stepped out wearing the light blue baby doll nightie. The low but loose cut of the top showed just a hint of cleavage, but did nothing to hide the gentle sway of her breasts as she walked towards me. The delicate fabric rubbing against her nipples must have excited her because I could see her small erect nipples pressed up against the nightie. The gauzy fabric could not hide the darker outlines of her panties and I could see the small triangle of material covering her pussy and the curve of the thongs up over her hips. She stopped, then looking at me with her face flushed and lips gently parted asked if I liked the selection.

"Ah, turn around for me, will you?" With that, she turned away from me, yet maintained eye contact, looking back at me over her shoulder. Her long straight hair fell halfway down her back. The nightie extended just a little further, barely covering her ass. As she shifted her weight from side to side, I could see the curve of her ass just barely visible below the loose flowing hem of the nightie. My cock was uncomfortably hard now in my pants, and I was hoping that she was too self-conscious to notice.

"I think you like this one," she laughed as her gaze slid down my body coming to rest on the bulge at the front of my pants. Running her finger along her lower lip, she looked up at me through her long lashes and pouted, "It makes me sexy doesn't it?" I could only nod, not daring to speak. "And it's so soft and silky," she purred as she ran her hands down her sides letting them come to rest on her hips, pulling the material tight across her ass. Looking back at me with a gleam in her smoldering green eyes, she asked, "What do you think of the length? Do you like it here.....or here?" As she asked the question, she slowly pulled the nightie up over her hips exposing her firm ass and dark thong to me again. Leaning forward just a little, she arched her back pushing her ass and pussy out towards me, hands behind her holding the nightie up out of the way.

With that I moaned and quickly moved to her. Standing behind her, I grabbed her hips and pulled her back against me, grinding her ass against my swollen cock. She moaned as my hands slid up under the nightie pulling it higher as I started caressing her breasts. She tilted her head back against my shoulder, slowly rotating her hips and ass against my hard cock. Her hands guided mine to her nipples, squeezing her breasts together, gently pinching her nipples in between our fingers. She moaned, a low sensual sound. I continued to squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples as her hands slid down her body, detouring briefly into the front of her panties and then finally working behind her and between us as she squeezed and stroked my ever-hardening cock. Just as I lowered my head to kiss her neck, she spun around to face me, leaning back with her lower body pressed firmly up against mine. Smiling lustily at me, she began to work at my belt and zipper as she lowered herself to her knees. I ran my fingers through her hair as I felt her opening my pants, reaching in and freeing my rock-hard cock.

"Mmmmm, so nice," she moaned as she rubbed her smooth hand over the length of my shaft. Leaning forward, her tongue darted out and quickly swirled over my swollen cock head. Parting her lips she gently sucked me into her warm, wet, mouth as her tongue continued to caress the sensitive head. Looking down at her, I could see she had dropped one hand between her spread legs where it disappeared into her dark panties. She looked up at me through those long dark lashes as she slowly bobbed her head up and down on my cock. Her red lips were stretched around me while her free hand slowly massaged the base of my cock and my balls. I closed my eyes and gently held her shoulders as I enjoyed the sensation of her hot mouth engulfing my aching cock. I could hear her -- and feel her -- moaning as she played with herself while giving me the blowjob of my life. As I could just start to feel my balls churning, she stopped, stood up and took my hand. "Let's go see how the other one looks."

She led me back into the dressing room and pulled my pants down, telling me to sit down on the bench. I complied with my cock pointing up at the ceiling and my pants in a heap around my ankles. She stood before me, pulled up the nightie and wiggled her thong down over her hips and legs, dropping it to the floor. As she stepped out of it, I could see her neatly trimmed pussy glistening with her juices. The sharp smell of her arousal filled the small dressing room. Stepping around my legs, she straddled my body with her pussy positioned at my upright cock. Reaching down she grabbed my shaft and slowly guided me into her waiting pussy. We moaned in unison as I penetrated her hot, tight pussy. She continued to lower herself onto me until she came to a rest on my legs with my cock buried completely in her. The nightie billowed out from her body hiding our bodies where they were now completely joined. My hands gripped the edge of the bench as I fought the urge to start thrusting deep inside her. She sat that way for a few seconds, adjusting to the feel of my filling her body. Then she slowly started rocking her pussy back and forth against me. Her hands were on my shoulders as her head leaned forward. Her hair fell forward around her face, hiding her from me as she continued to grind her pussy and clit against my cock. Her breathing became more quick and shallow as she quickened her pace and started to lift herself on and off my cock. I reached up to caress her breasts, first through the thin silky nightie, and then I started pulling at the shoulder. She shrugged first one shoulder, then the other and slipped both arms out of the nightie. I pushed it down her body again exposing her firm perky breasts. They swayed and shook in time to the thrusts of her lower body as she continued to increase the tempo of her fucking. Her nipples were small, only about the size of pencil erasers, but defiantly erect. I lowered my head and began to lick and suck on them as she closed her eyes and threw her head back.

"Mmmmmmm, ahhhhhhh yessss," she moaned as she ground her body against me. "Oh yes, your cock feels so good in me. Ohhhh, fuck yeah."

Hearing her moan as she fucked me only turned me on even more. Gripping the narrow bench, I started thrusting my hips against her, burying my cock deep in her body with each stroke. She gasped, then holding my shoulders lifted herself off of me, held her body still as I thrust my rock solid cock in and out of her dripping wet slick pussy. I continued to lick and suck on her erect nipples as my cock slid in and out of her pussy.

She moaned again and then lifted her body off mine, leaving my cock to thrust into the cold air. I started to protest, but she placed her finger on my lips. Smiling at me, she turned around and bent over leaning on the dressing room bench. She raised one knee to the bench behind her, opening her legs and exposing her ass and wet pussy to me. Looking over her shoulder at me she smiled, "Don't stop now."

I stood up and moved behind her. I gently stroked my cock as I reached between her legs, fondling her wet pussy. She was so wet my fingers were immediately coated in her juices. She moaned and leaned back against my hand, trying to take it more deeply into her wet pussy. I pulled my hand away and replaced it with my hard cock. I groaned in pleasure as my cock slid into her now familiar pussy.

"Ohhh God! Yess! Mmmmmmm, yeah, fuck me hard" she panted as I started fucking her deeply from behind. My cock slipped easily in and out of her wet pussy as I grabbed her hips and pulled her against me. I thrust deeply into her, fucking her hard, burying my cock on every stroke. Starting from her hands, she slowly lowered to her elbows, then to her chest, raising her ass in the air allowing me to penetrate her even more deeply. Her hands reached back, spreading her cheeks open, as my cock continued stroking in and out of her wet pussy.

Her breathing became more and more ragged as I felt her pussy start to tighten around my cock. "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, ohhhhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, ohhhhhhhhhh" she panted. I could feel her pussy rhythmically clenching my cock as her pleasure built. Sensing her climax nearing, I reached around her hips, feeling for her clit. Finding it, I started to rub furiously as I continued to slide in and out of her tightening grip. That sent her over the edge and she started to thrash against me wildly as her orgasm exploded within her. Feeling her tight pussy spasming on my cock exhausted my control and I began to cum, shooting hot ropes of semen deep into her pussy. I strained against her as my cock exploded, over and over, filling her with my hot sticky cum. As my orgasm subsided, I pulled away from her, spent.

She stood, turned to face me, and smiled. "Mmmmmm baby, have you decided which one you want?"