 **Author's Note: What you are about to read almost happened. This is one of those little moments in life where we look back on and say "what if?" What if my friend hadn't brought her girlfriend home? What if I had gotten a ride back to college with another friend? What if I didn't have a girlfriend at the time? The characters portrayed herein are not only based upon actual people, they *are* actual people. The names have been changed to protect everyone involved, innocent, guilty, and by-stander alike. Read and enjoy, but don't forget to vote!

I'd also like to thank destinie21 for editing this for me. I highly recommend her stories if you're looking for a good, hot read.** 

It was my second year at State. I had come home over the weekend to meet up with a bunch of other friends who had gone off to college but were all coordinating a visit. It was harder and harder to see each other, mostly because of the miles we had to drive to get back to anywhere close to each other, but also because of our schedules. The weekend was fun, we screwed around, terrorized what we considered to be "our" town and we drank a little. We were Good mid-western kids having good mid-western fun.

But, the weekend was over; the clothes had been washed, some spending money had been gifted from the parents, and food had been scavenged from their house. One weekend-at-home ritual folded into another and it came to Sunday afternoon and the long drive back to the dorms. I was waiting for my ride to show up and she was late, as usual. Teri was habitually late, but most of us were, and predictably so. We all knew that 2pm meant 2:20 in the afternoon, and probably closer to 2:30. 

"Are you sure she's coming?" my mother asked as I started moving bags of groceries and cases of clothes from the living room to the porch. I didn't go back in the house, preferring the sunny, lazy, late fall afternoon to the feel of the semi-conditioned air of the house.

"Yeah, she'll be here. Just have to give her a few minutes. She brought her 'friend' Jane home for the weekend so they may be a minute or two yet," I said, setting a heavy bag down on the front porch.

"'Friend,' huh?" mom chuckled. "Friend like you and Jenny, or friend like you and Bill?" 

"No mom, Bill's a dude and I don't swing that way; and come to think of it, neither does he. Think more along the lines of a friend like Jenn."

"Ever meet this girlfriend of Teri's?" Mom asked in that 'concerned parent' tone.

"Nope, but I've been told a few things about her," I said flatly. I could see Teri's car cutting across the back roads, leaving a high trail of dust in her wake on the oddly windless day.

"Anything you can tell your mother?" she asked, a twinkle in her eye.

"Not really anything you would probably want to know," I said and picked up 80 pounds of luggage and food and lumbered into the driveway. 

"Be safe on the way down!" Mom shouted as Teri's tiny little Chevy pulled into the way. She popped the hatch and I set my things gingerly on top of hers. I waved to Mom and she waved back. "Call when you get there!" she shouted again.

"Yeah yeah," I said, waved to her, and moved to the passenger door. Someone who could only have been Janet opened it and all but bounced out the door at me and gave me a hug.

"Hi," she said in an almost small but energetic voice. She was about 5'1" and she didn't even come up to my shoulders. She seemed a little surprised that I was as big as I was; I don't think she was expecting me to be 6'4" and 220 pounds

Her eyes were a sparkling blue, deeper blue than I had seen on anyone in a long time, and they had a wicked gleam veneered by a cherubic innocence. Her smile was broad and her white teeth behind her pink lips were very white and very straight. She couldn't have weighed more than 120 pounds and her waist was smaller around than my thigh. I noted from the hug that her chest was probably the only thing not small about her, and while I couldn't guess how large her breasts were from looking at her in that brown sweat shirt, I could say that they were well over a handful each, even for my big hands. 

"You must be Janet," I said after she loosened her arms from my waist. She only giggled in response.

"Call me Jane, it's what Teri moans," she said laughingly and licked her lips. This was going to be a hell of a three-hour trip.

"Would you quit flirting and get your tall ass in my car?" hollered Teri from inside her tiny little vehicle. I laughed and Jane went to get in the back. I grabbed her shoulder and shook my head. 

"It's all right, you sit up front with her," I said and folded myself around the front seat and into the back. I've found that I'm extremely flexible, or perhaps foldable is a better term, after a few weightlifting mishaps and a few recreational injuries. It's freakish to see, or so I've been told, but it comes in handy, like when I ride in the back of a car to let my long-time friend Teri ride next to her girlfriend instead of making her sit in the back. After cramming myself in there and pulling the seat back for Jane, she got in, we all waved to my mother who was still on the porch and we backed out onto the road. It wasn't long before the conversation started.

"So we were with Jenn last night," Teri said after a moment of silence. We had just gotten back on the back roads heading for the nearest big town so she could get some gas.

"Yeah, I know, that's why I wasn't with her," I said. "Girls night, out, right?"

"You could have come along with us," Jane said, her eyes looking into mine in the rearview mirror. I slid to the center of the rear seat so I could get a better look at her and so I could hear both of them better. 

"Wouldn't have been a girl's night out then, would it? Besides, she misses Teri here almost as much as she misses me," I said and sat back a little bit. "So whatcha do?"

"Just cruised around town, played Cat-and-Mouse, you know, normal shit. Talked a lot, too," Teri said.

"Anything good and juicy?" I asked. I always like to hear rumors about me. Not that Jenn was apt to spread them, but it's always good to get another perspective of one's self.

"Nope, pretty typical stuff just the. . ." Teri began.

"She said you have a huge dick," Jane blurted out. I looked at the blue eyes in the rear view mirror. They were still shining, but the angelic first appearance had lost out to the devil inside. They were still glittering, but it was all mischief in those azure pools of radiance. I cleared my throat to break the silence that had settled in the car for a second. Teri had turned about three shades of red, and I was starting to blush, though I wasn't embarrassed, just shocked.

"Yeah, I suppose so. I wouldn't go so far as huge, but it's a lot better than average sized," I said honestly.

"She said huge," Jane said, turning to look at me.

"You're not so small yourself," I said waving toward her chest. "How big are those things?" 

Jane giggled before turning in her seat and pushing at the sides of both of her breasts, lifting and bouncing them softly. "They're a little too big for a 48 DD bra, but not quite big enough for the next size," she said, the tip of her tongue wetting her lips sub-consciously. I cocked an eyebrow.\par

"48 inch chest! Jesus woman, that's the same size as mine!" I exclaimed softly in the car. Both the girls laughed and Jane sat back in her seat. "But what's the next size bra up?" I asked quietly.

"I don't remember, I can never find it, so I have to settle for the DD."

"I bet that's uncomfortable," I said scooting forward, resting my forearms on the back of both seats. Jane sighed heavily and Teri turned her car onto the main road.

"Yeah, it kinda hurts. Messes up my shoulders, too," she said, rubbing her left shoulder and pouting. That pout was so cute, so pleading, and yet almost demanding all at once. "Jenn said you were really good at giving shoulder rubs, too," she said, batting her eyes. "It would make me feel a lot better and make this thing hurt less," she said moving her hand down to her left breast and lifting and caressing it a little. My eyes looked down and stared for a brief second and then the flashed to Teri's eyes in the mirror. She was smiling and adjusted herself to be a little more comfortable in the seat.

"If it hurts, take it off," I said, rattling off my old adage. I sat back let the comment drop, and expected her too as well, but it seems that Jane had other plans.

"Okay," she giggled and reached up the front of her sweatshirt, exposing a taught row of firm, creamy abs. Her fingers worked against her flesh and she popped the hooks on her front clasped bra. She pulled the straps off one arm and then the other and she tossed the bra into the seat beside me, and giggled. I stole a glance at her chest and her nipples were beginning to make little bumps on her sweatshirt and her breasts had sagged, but just barely. She was undoubtedly the most well-endowed women I had ever met. I knew girls with bigger tits, but they tended to sag, where as Jane's stood defiantly against the forces of gravity. I licked my lips and adjusted in my seat.

"So what else did you talk about besides my cock?" I asked bluntly. They both giggled and looked at me in the most lustful manner I've ever been looked at by two lesbians. I could almost feel the heat rolling off their gazes. I knew that Teri was only playing. But Jane I wasn't so sure about. "Ooh, that sounds good. Come on, tell, tell!"

"Once Jane here found out that you were Jenn's boyfriend and that. . ." 

"You had a huge cock," Jane interjected. Her head shot around, her dirty-blonde short hair shifting with her movement. Her tits jiggled as well, and her nipples grew more pronounced against her sweatshirt.

"You seem to be pretty hung up on that," I said smiling.

"Sounds like you're the one that's hung," she shot back. I laughed a little.

"For being a lesbian, you sure seem to be interested in what I'm packin'."

"I am the only lesbian in the car thank you very fucking much," Teri half shouted. I cocked an eyebrow and I turned slowly to Jane. She was smiling broadly and that devilish little glint in her eye was now almost a glow. 

"And you?" I asked quietly.

"Yeah, my last four have been all girls, but just because the guys I was dating before were assholes. It's not like the girls I dated before college weren't bitches either, but at least they didn't go out of their way to physically hurt me," she said, some of the twinkle leaving her eyes. "Or mentally," she added quietly and some of the smile faded. Her eyes dipped down for an instant and then came back up to mine. "But just because I went all woman, doesn't mean I don't appreciate a good man," she said and winked.

"Just what were you girls talking about?" I asked quietly. Teri and Jane looked at each other and giggled a malicious little giggle. A crooked smile crossed my face and I sat back, undoubtedly my face was blushing, but my mind was racing.

"Jenn said that you were absolutely amaaaazing with your hands," Jane said, arching her back and pushing her chest out, rubbing her nipples against her sweatshirt as she did so. 

"So I've been told," I said leaning forward against the two front seats again. "Hoping for a demonstration were you?" I breathed into her ear. She shivered and broke out in a rash of goose bumps. It was her turn to blush now, something that 10 seconds earlier I didn't think would happen.

"Hoping to give me one, stud?" she asked and licked her lips seductively as she arched her back toward me. From that point on I was known as "Stud" to Teri's girlfriend. Another grin curled my lip and I sat back.

"Sorry, taken already," I said, sighing deeply. I was madly in love with Jenn, but I wanted this tight little creature like nothing else, but I had my girl and she had me, and we had one simple rule; no cheating.

"You're a good man," Jane said. "It takes a lot to resist me," she said licking her lips and lifting her sweatshirt up, exposing a fair amount of creamy flesh and toned muscle, but little else. She looked down at my crotch and saw a bulge starting to form. She smiled and bit playfully at the air between us. My grin became wider, showing some of my teeth.

"You're hard to resist," I said truthfully. "And I'm not gonna lie to you, I'd take you and have my way with you here in the car if I wasn't dating Jenn."

"You'd rape me here in front of my girlfriend?" she said, faking shock.

"Can't rape the willing," I said with a wave of my hand. "Besides, if I'm not mistaken," I said pointing my index and middle fingers at her nipples, "you're more than willing right now." Her eyes followed my fingers and she giggled.

"I'd say at least willing," she said, nodding at my crotch.

"Hey, damnit you two, dump some hormones. We're almost to town and I don't want you two getting me arrested for fucking in public."

Teri slowed down as we entered the outskirts of town.

"Sooo, what are you going to school for?" I asked.

"Well, besides the sex?" she asked innocently.

"Yeah, besides that."

"I'm going to school for nursing, actually. I have about a year or so left," she said happily. I laughed. "What's so funny?" she asked, the smile still on her face.

"I've never met a nursing student that wasn't just drop-dead sexy," I said, still chuckling a little. Both of the girls started giggling. 

"We don't let the other ones outside," she said still giggling. We all laughed for a minute and Teri turned on to the main road through town.

"I'm gonna stop and get some gas. We're not stopping until we get back to college," she said and pulled into the gas station. I got out of the car and stretched. It was going to be a long ride down there with me being balled up in the back of the car. Jane went inside the station and I was about to follow suit and pick up some caffeine. "Hey, come here a second," Teri said as she put the nozzle in the car to fill it up. I walked back over to the car with my hands in my pockets and leaned against it. The gas pump started clicking and the display numbers started climbing.

"So how did you..." I started. Nothing against my friend Teri, but she's not the most attractive girl in the world. She's not ugly by any means, but she's fairly average looking and about 60 pounds or better overweight. Jane, quite to the contrary, looked to be about 130 and barely broke 5 feet tall. her baggy clothes made it hard to get a look at the rest of her body, but the amount of energy she had was insane. On top of that she was (and still is) one of the sexiest women, if not the sexiest woman I have ever met. Teri shook her head and cut me off.

"I have no idea. We were leaving one of our campus meetings and she started mauling me in the parking lot. What the fuck was I suppose to do?" she added, a breathless, horny confusion still washing over her from that moment. I shrugged.

"Hopefully everything that I'd have done," I added. "But what the fuck did you three girls talk about last night?"

Teri looked at the pump and sighed. "Jane saw a picture of you and started asking questions. We had had a few beers and we both started telling stories about you. All of it true, but the more we talked, the hornier Jane got." I nodded in response.

"So she found about my," I started and cleared my throat suggestively.

"Yeah. That was kinda my fault. I told her some of the things that Erin had told me about your," she said and cleared her throat loudly and suggestively. "Anyway, Janet asked Jenn if she could fuck you," she added hurriedly. I about choked.

"And what did Jenn do or say?" I asked quickly. Teri hung up the gas nozzle and looked me dead in the eyes.

"She said yes. I say yes. And the only reason you're getting two yeses is because she's my girlfriend, she's in love with me, and she just wants to feel that slab of Irish tube steak rocking in and out of her. It's like masturbation using a living vibrator."

My cock went rock hard. For one of the few times in my entire life, I was at a complete loss of words. "Um. Okay. Thanks, I think," I slowly stammered out.

"One thing though," she said. "You get her pregnant and I will personally sew your balls to your tongue." I only nodded. I wasn't capable of much else for the moment. "I'll get you a soda, I don't think you should probably go in the store like that," she pointed at my almost 9 inches trying to rip a hole through my jeans. "I'll get you a Dew or something, okay?"

"Sounds like you already got me something to do," I said and wiggled back into the car.

"I said 'A' dew, jack ass," she said and went inside the store. It felt like about three days passed as I waited They both came out what was probably only a minute later, holding hands and almost skipping to the car. I had to laugh. They both piled in, Teri put the car into gear, and we were off. 

"Shoulders still bothering you?" I asked Janet. She nodded. "Okay, I'll give you a back rub. Wait until we're a good ways out of town and put your seat back down, just lean back toward me and we'll do it that way."

"Okay!' she chirped happily. The talk was pretty boring for a way until we were almost out of town. Then Jane started wiggling in her seat a little. She looked back at me in the mirror and I nodded to her with a puzzled look on my face. "These damn jeans are itchy," she said, still wiggling. 

"If it's bothering you. . ." I started and let my sentence drift off with a smile. She smiled devilishly back at me and reached into her pocket. The skimpiest red thong I have ever seen in my life landed next to me, and I noted happily that the crotch was a little darker than the rest. My eyes followed it to its landing on top of the bra in the back seat.

"I thought it was the thong, but there's still something that. . ." she started.

"You just can't quite reach?" I finished for her. She nodded. I moved my knees to either side of the seat and pushed the release button with my toes. I softly brought the seat back and she fell back with it. My hands started rubbing her belly very softly with her shirt between our flesh.

"Nope, that's not quite right yet," she said. I pawed at the shirt and pulled the hem up to her breasts. My hands started caressing her soft skin under that, playing along her sides, softly tickling her. She let out a deep sigh and shifted in her seat.


"Warmer," she cooed. 

My hands moved further down, pressing and stroking along the crests of her hips, my fingers traced and danced along the tendons between her muscles with just enough pressure to make her twitch in her seat, but not enough to start laughing from it tickling. My fingertips began to play along the hem of her jeans and she arched her back and sucked in her stomach as much as she could. Still, I remained on her belly and along the tops of her hips with my fingers.

"Warmer," she moaned.

I looked over to Teri. Her eyes were shifting between the road and her lithe girlfriend stretched out on the seat next to her. Her cheeks were flush and her forehead was sweating, a few random strands of her pale blonde hair were glued down by the gathering perspiration. Jane wiggled back toward me sensuously and started nuzzling my crotch with her head, what she could reach of it with the seat in the way. She was doing her best to drive straight, and I mentally gave her some credit for not driving into a ditch. I know I probably would have. 

I looked back down to Jane and saw her hands snake along the sides of her seat and start moving for my knees. I inched my hands lower, the tips just into the top of her jeans. A low growling moan escaped her throat as I began to tease her further, rubbing, pressing, and tempting her flesh. My fingers snaked down a little further and I found that she had a neatly timed, short, thick bush that had been trimmed into a tight triangle to fit under her thong. I stroked softly along the sides of her fur, teasing out to her pelvis and up along the bone ridges. 
