 They were meeting for the first time. They had originally made contact via an internet personal ad service and as simple as getting two adults together might seem, it had proven more difficult to get comfortable with each other and arrange a suitable meeting time and place. Thus both were a little nervous and anxious. Nonetheless, they were now together in a room, the real world locked outside and, they both hoped, nothing but pleasure ahead. 

Lori was sitting in one of the chairs in the room and he on the end of the bed. The small talk had been going on for about ten minutes but that faded into an uncomfortable silence. Both were clearly nervous, but she voiced her feeling first. 

"God, I am nervous!" she exclaimed with a smile. 

"Well, I am too," he admitted quickly "But I think I have a solution." 

"And what would that be?" she questioned, expecting him to ask her to get undressed with him. 

"Well," he said as he arose from the bed and walked to stand behind her chair, "I usually find that a good massage helps relieve tension." 

And with that he began to rub her shoulders and neck…His strong hands carefully, yet thoroughly began working the tension out of her body. At first she tensed at the sensation of his hands on her body, but it quickly became evident that he was in no hurry. He continued to rub and massage her shoulders and she slowly relaxed to enjoy his touch. 

"Okay," he said as he continued to knead her muscles, "I'm going to begin to move my hands around a bit. You tell me if anything makes your uncomfortable or nervous." 

"Okay," She said nodding her agreement, yet realizing that this was quite pleasurable and if he continued at this pace doing what he was doing she wouldn't stop him under any circumstances. At this realization, she relaxed fully and gave herself over to the sensations of the massage. 

His hands roamed around the front and back of her shoulders, slowly inching onto different parts of her upper torso, only to return to where they started and slowly she began to feel the tension of arousal begin to build in her clit and nipples. When he sensed that she had relaxed, he reached around to the buttons on her blouse and pausing said, "Why don't we get your blouse off? A massage fells better with no fabric to interfere." 

She nodded her head and said, "That would be nice!" and soon she was sitting in her bra as he continued to rub her back and shoulders. Gradually, his hands roamed over her shoulders and onto the soft, upper surfaces of her breasts. She groaned a small groan of pleasure as his fingers worked closer and closer to the now erect nubs of her nipples. Again he paused and she felt his fingers at the clasp of her bra. 

"Okay if I take this off?" he questioned, already knowing the answer. 

"Please do" she whispered as her pulse pounded and her excitement grew. 

She felt the bra loosen as he opened the clasp and closed her eyes as his hands continued to smooth across the skin of her shoulders and upper breasts. 

Gradually, his hand moved down on her breasts and she gasped as they covered the erect nubs of her nipples, first lightly brushing over them then taking them between his thumb and forefinger and light rolling them. 

"N-n-n-n-g-g-g-g! Y-yes, t-that feels so g-good!" she stammered as he increased the pressure of his pinching and lifted her nipples so that the weight of her breasts added to the stimulation. 

She laid her head back on the chair back and slid her hips forward in the seat, her legs falling open as the sensations he was creating raced from her nipples to her spine the to her pussy, rocketing directly to her clit. 

Although he continued to move his hands about, his focus of stimulation returned again and again to her breasts and nipples until she was panting with lust and need. 

"Okay," he whispered, "Here's what we're going to do. You've told me you like nipple stimulation, so I'm going to concentrate on your nipples until you cum…Think you can do that?" 

"O-oh y-yes!" she stammered as she felt the pressure of his fingers on her nipples increase and the tortuous rolling between his fingers begin again. 

It didn't take long…She had kicked her shoes off and was moving her feet back and forth across the carpet, stammering and stuttering as he continued unabated to play with her nipples, teasing and pinching until suddenly she gasped in recognition of her impending orgasm. 

"Unh! O-oh g-god b-baby!" she gasped as she felt the pressure building in her pussy. 

"O-oh, y-yes-s-s-s-s!" she hissed as the first wave washed over her. She grasped the arms of the chair and lifted her hips as if offering her pussy while he continued to apply unrelenting stimulation to her throbbing nipples. 

He watch, eyes glowing in lust, penis hard in his trousers as her hips jerked and her head thrashed back and forth on the chair back. Resisting the desire to run his hands between her legs and stroke her pussy, he watched as her orgasm subsided and when her breathing slowed, then he released her nipples. 

Stepping in front of her, he took her hands and pulled her into a standing position. 

"Time to get you on the bed for the rest of your massage," he said. 

"O-okay," she stammered, still reeling from the intensity of her orgasm. 

"Mind if I take the rest of your clothing off?" he questioned. 

"No, please do!" she giggled, now fully relaxed and ready for more. 

Soon she was standing nude in front of him and watching as he stepped out of his trousers, his cock rigid, standing up and out from his body. …The head glowing a dull plum color, precum beginning to seep from the tip. 

"Okay," he grinned at her as he stripped the covers off the bed, "Get in and lay on your belly." 

She scrambled onto the bed and settled into the cool sheets and closed her eyes as she felt his hands on her legs. 

Again he began the strong kneading, working first on her feet and then her calf muscles. This time there was no need for her to relax and soon she was hoping his hands would wander further up her legs….As if reading her thoughts he spread her legs and began massaging his way up her thighs…She could feel the cool air conditioned air brush her pussy and knew he could see her excitement spread pink and open, inviting his touch. 

Yet he continued to focus on her thighs, moving upward only small increments at the time until finally he was grasping the large tendons at the top of each thigh and massaging them with a rolling motion that caused his hands to brush, but not really contact the open lips of her pussy. The only sign she had indicating his excitement was the fact that occasionally she would feel the weight of his cock brush against one leg of another and then feel the slick wetness of his precum drip on her leg…He was indeed ready, yet being quite patient. 

By this time she was frantic to cum again, moaning and thrusting her ass into the air begging, "P-please, touch me….Please m-make me c-cum" as he continued his slow manipulation of her body… 

"S-h-h-h-h!" he shushed her, chuckling at her need to cum again, "You're in too big a hurry!" 

"B-but, I-I'm s-so horny!" she gasped as his knuckles brushed against the slick lips of her pussy for what seemed like the hundredth time without going further. 

"Oh?" he responded as he shifted his hand so that his first and third finger rested on the lips of her pussy while his middle finger slipped slightly between them. 

"A-ah! O-oh g-g-god, y-yes" she stammered as she lifted her hips off the bed hoping that he would take advantage of this invitation to run his finger into her pussy. 

Yet again he was in no hurry and merely let his fingers trace the edges of the lips of her pussy while his middle finger just rested on the hot pink opening….Slowly, he rubbed his hand back and forth and she bucked in frustration, her knees now up under her so that her ass was high in the air…The invitation to enter her unmistakable…Yet he continued his slow stroking…Letting her need build to the point of exploding again. 

Just as she began to sob in frustration she felt the pressure of his middle finger increase and groaned in thankfulness as the finger slipped between her pussy lips and began to rub across her throbbing clit. 

"W-h-h-h-a-a-a-! Y-e-e-e-c-c-h-h!" she screeched as his finger began to trace a circular pattern around her clit, pressing and releasing until once again she was on the verge of cumming. 

She was on her hands and knees, staring blindly straight ahead as the sensation built inexorably, and just as she thought things could get no more intense, he reached up with his free hand and cupped one of her breast, his thumb and forefinger again finding the nub of her flinty nipple and softly pinching… 

"W-h-h-h-h-o-o-o! Ohmygod, p-p-please! O-oh-ho y-yes!" she moaned as her orgasm crashed over her body, causing her to buck and thrust her hips in unbridled lust and want to be filled with the hard flesh of his rigid dripping cock. 

"Tell you what," he said after she settled back down and her ass stopped its frenzied orgasm induced bucking, "Let me get on my back and you get on top." 

"Oh, god yes!" she gasped scrambling to move aside as he got onto the bed. She stared at his rigid cock as it rested on his stomach while he moved to the center of the bed…Again, his need was unmistakable as his movements cause the head to slide around leaving a trail of precum on his belly. 

"Okay," he grinned at her, "Climb on." 

She scrambled to straddle him and was soon on all fours over him, her breasts hanging down, nipples still rigid and pink for his stimulation. She reached to put him inside her but he shifted his hips out of her reach… 

"Ah, ah, ah…" he said shaking his head, 'We're not putting it in yet. I have some more nipple play I want to do." And with those words he lifted his head and sucked one nipple into his mouth while pinching the other with a free hand.

"Oh, p-please f-fuck me," she gasped as the hot, wet sensations of his mouth on her nipple crashed through her body. 

"Not yet," he stated simply as he moved from one nipple to the other, "If you want to cum, you can rub your clit on my cock, but I'm not putting it inside you just yet. 

"A-a-h-h-h, p-please!" she gasped as he sucked her nipple back into his mouth, "P-please p-put it inside me!" 

"Not yet," he said grinning up at her as he flexed his sphincter muscle and his cock raised up and touched her widespread pussy lips grazing her clit in the process. 

"A-a-a-h-h-h-h! G-god, p-please," she begged. 

But seeing that he was not about to give in she lowered her pussy onto the firm tube of his cock flesh and slowly began the fucking motion that would rub her clit on the rigid meat she so desperately wanted inside her. 

Soon she was humping furiously in quest of another orgasm. Her pussy had dripped her juices onto his cock and that combined with his precum had made for a hard, yet slick surface for her to rub her clit on. At the same time he continued to suck one then the other nipple into his greedy lips while his fingers agitated the other … 

"N-n-n-n-g-g-g-g!" she gritted as she felt her orgasm building yet again. The movement of her hips increased and the intensity of his sucking doubled as she, blind to anything other than this passion moved her hips back and forth hoping beyond hope that he would plunge his cock into her…Then she gasped and threw her head back jutting her nipples forward for him to punish with his hands and teeth as her pussy vibrated ceaselessly on his slick wet cock. 

This orgasm was the longest yet, seeming to take forever to end, yet as it subsided she knew that it was incomplete…Just at that second he shifted and drove his cock in her pussy to the hairs, forcing her pussy lips to spread around the base of his root, punishing her clit against the hairs of his pubis and pounding the throbbing head into her G-spot. 

Her eyes wide open in surprise and pleasure…"O-h-h-h-h, y-y-e-e-s-s-s-!" she babbled as she bent forward and began to hump onto his cock as if there was no tomorrow. 

Before long she was panting in yet another orgasm…Her pussy clenching around the hardness of his cock as he thrust up into here even as she was frozen still in the throes of her orgasmic pleasure. As her orgasm subsided, she leaned forward, mashing her breasts into his chest … 

"P-please," she panted, "L- let me rest just a min- A-h-h-h-h! G-god!" 

Again he began to thrust up into her dripping pussy, each thrust pounding his pelvis into her clit in an unrelenting rhythm until she was sobbing in orgasm yet again…. 

Then he slowed and let her relax…. 

"How about let's finishing this with a little doggy style fucking?" he suggested. 

She could only nod her head in agreement and groan in disappointment as he slid his still rigid cock out of her pussy. 

It took only a second for her to get on her hands and knees, her ass in the air again…There was no pausing this time…As soon as she offered herself to him his head was between her legs… 

She gasped as she felt his tongue rasp across her upturned ass and dip between the widespread cheeks...The warm wetness traced between the cheeks and she squealed as it ran over and around her anus, twirling about the crinkled opening she so loved to have penetrated...Then down further between her slick pussy lips, lashing around her clit until she was gasping on the verge of cumming...Again another groan of disappointment as he stopped, then a squeal of delight and passion as his turgid penis popped between her pussy lips and his pelvis was slamming into her upturned ass....She knew immediately that this was going to be no gentle session...She was being fucked, almost ruthlessly.....She babbled in passionate abandon as one orgasm was followed by another and another...Just when she settled into his rhythm he changed it and reached around her to pinch her nipples between his grasping fingers...Orgasm followed orgasm and she knelt, hands scrabbling across the bed clenching the sheets, ass held jutting and upturned so that he attained maximum penetration, along with his balls crashing into her clit was all she felt. 

Then to her dismay he pulled his cock from her pussy… 

He took one last look, grasped his penis between thumb and forefinger, took careful aim at her anus, and pressed the head into the slick, crinkled opening. 

"O-oh, n-no!" she protested, "P-please put it back..Ah-n-n-n-n-g-g-g! G-god y-yes, I-in m-my ass! Y-yes!" and she thrust back jutting her ass back to accommodate the rigid tube of flesh now sliding into her anus…. 

He pressed forward until the head disappeared and then he stopped. Her anus was distended around his cock like the mouth of a suckling child. He held his hips still until her panting slowed, then he pulled back slightly looking with fascination as her anus gripped the head of his cock as it retreated from her ass…He could actually see the point at which the brown skin on the exterior met the bright pink of the interior. 

"W-w-h-h-h-o-o-o-e-e-e-e-e! Y-y-a-a-a-h-h-h!" she squealed as he pressed forward again, slowly but steadily running half of his rigid, throbbing penis into her ass. 

Again he held still as she groaned and panted, sweat covering her body. He reached around and found to his delight that her pussy was dripping…She was squealing, but she was liking it. 

Again he withdrew and this time in one long stroke, ran his cock in until his belly pressed against her ass. 

"A-r-r-r-g-g-h-h-h-h! O-o-o-o-h-h-w-w-e-e-e-!" she squealed again as the rigidity of his penis distended her anus to the maximum stretch. 

With that, he pulled back and began stroking in and out of her in earnest…It was not violent, just slow and steady. He stared mesmerized at how her anus seemed to suck his penis in as he stroked into her and how it grasped greedily onto the fleshy stem on each out stroke. Her pussy dripped, then ran juice at the sensation of him fucking her ass. She could only babble and gurgle as her assfucking continued. 

Suddenly, she felt his rhythm change again and the head of his penis begin to swell...His fucking was at a maniacal pace and he grunted with every thrust in...No longer capable of making sounds other than gasps and squeals, she thrust back against him with each stroke, the sound of flesh slapping flesh echoing through the woods. She panted as in desperation as his swelling penis filled her grasping asshole...Then he let out a primitive growl and pulling her ass hard against his hips, grunted again and again as he spurted into her....Her only vocalization was a high pitched keening as her asshole grasped around his rigid, spurting penis and her pussy vibrated with her almost continuous orgasm. 

Slowly their breathing returned to normal and he, still rigid, withdrew from her...She groaned in disappointment and sagged to lay on the bed….He lay down beside her spoon style and slid his still erect penis back into her pussy…She gasp in one final tiny orgasm and then stole a glance at the clock on the bedside table…"My god," she thought "We've only been here forty-five minutes!"