 Dear Readers: Thank you all for being so patient. On top of work and school, I've also been in and out of the doctor's office. My immune system has been crap ever since I had surgery. This may or may not be the end to Lori and Jonah. I hope you enjoy it, and thanks again to my loyal readers.

--- 

Jonah started texting Lori all the time. She could tell he wasn't that good at it; he spelled everything out and it took him forever to reply. At least it showed that he was willing to try. Lori was finally starting to let him get close to her again.

At the moment she was snuggled up next to Jonah. Well, as close as you could snuggle in a movie theater. At least the arm rests went up, she thought. They had driven the forty-five minutes to the mall in Mitchell in hopes that they wouldn't be recognized together. 

The pair was watching an action movie with a few steamy scenes in it. Watching the rugged hero fuck the damsel in distress was really turning Lori on, and if the bulge in his pants was any indication, Jonah was enjoying it too. Her pink tongue darted out to lick her lips. Over the past couple weeks Lori had discovered she loved having that cock in her mouth. She loved it even more when it was stretching her tight, wet pussy. Jonah didn't seem to mind giving her as much as she wanted either. 

Lori felt a warm palm slide over her thigh, just an inch away from her wet heat. Biting her cheek, she tried to hold in a moan. His hand slid back and forth over the bare skin, teasing at the edge of her white skirt. She couldn't quite keep her hips still. Jonah had an uncanny ability to take her from hot to volcanic in mere seconds. 

"You're a naughty boy," Lori whispered into his ear. Her damp breath fanned over his ear and it was his turn to swallow a moan. His hand slid up under her skirt. Feminine hips arched into him as he stroked her through her panties. Letting Jonah touch her in public made her feel even naughtier. If anyone looked close enough, they would be able to see his hand up her skirt. 

Jonah captured her whimper with his mouth as he slid his hand under her panties. God she was so fucking hot, he thought. He never stopped wanting her. Thinking back, Jonah couldn't remember how he had ever gone without his little siren. Now he realized that trying to resist her call was useless. 

Oh fuck, she was already so wet for him. His cock hardened painfully as he felt her slippery cum on his fingertips. Her pussy would be ready enough for him to slide his dick right in. Jonah thrust his tongue more forcefully into her mouth. The taste of her was addictive. Not to be outdone, Lori shoved her tongue past his lips. It felt like they were fighting over who got to swallow the other whole. Lori squealed into his mouth when he slid two fingers deep into her. Fingertips flicked over the spot that drove Lori crazy. Jonah continued tormenting her until she could feel her body tighten like a spring. As his fingers slid roughly in and out of her sopping pussy, his thumb flicked her clit. It was enough to send Lori hurtling over the edge. Her vision blurred and her eyes went blurry. A vicious orgasm had her bucking against his touch as she drenched his hand. 

Jonah muttered a curse. Standing, he grabbed her hand and pulled her swiftly to her feet. She looked startled, still suffering from the aftermath of her wicked orgasm. He pulled her behind him out of the theater. Lori blinked her eyes.

"Jonah?" she asked. He turned to give her a smoldering look.

"I'm taking you home so I can fuck you with more than my fingers."

Lori was still turned on, so there was no way in hell she was going to object. She couldn't even remember what the movie was about anyway. Inside of Jonah's car, she thought about all the people who had been watching the movie with them. Her cheeks turned rosy pink; anyone in there could have seen what they were doing. It was probably a good thing that they had left before somebody caught them.

The ride back to Jonah's house was made in record time. Lori had tortured him by fondling and stroking his cock the entire way. Feeling power over him went to her head like a drug. It was shocking that a little female like her could bring a man like Jonah to his knees. 

Once they were home, Jonah wasted no time getting her into her bed. He tore off her clothes with surprising speed. His cock was straining against his jeans and he was more than ready to give his siren the fucking her body was asking for. Once Lori was naked, he practically stumbled out of his own clothes. Together they tumbled onto the bed. Although Jonah was more than ready to take her, he needed to taste her sweet pussy first. The musky scent of her arousal was calling to him. Sliding down her body, he inhaled deeply. She smiled like rich honey. 

The first slide of his tongue along her lower lips caused her to jump beneath him. Jonah took her hips in his strong hands to hold her still. Like a starving man, he dove into her pussy and feasted. His tongue thrust wildly into her pussy, lapping up her delicious honey. She tasted so fucking good, he couldn't get enough. Jonah kissed her pussy and slid his tongue up to her swollen clit. Her tight body was getting ready to cum again, he could feel it. Holding her hips up to his mouth, he latched onto her clit. Lori let out a scream as her body fought the painful pleasure, but Jonah's grip didn't loosen. He thrashed at the little red button with his tongue, nibbling every now and again. Jonah sucked harder, but he stopped right before she could cum for him.  

Lori groaned in frustration. That bastard! She had been so fucking close, one more lick and she would've flown right over that edge into ecstasy. How dare he!

Jonah saw her angry glare and grinned. That was just how he wanted her, nice and feisty. She reached out to claw his chest but he was too quick. Grabbing her wrists, he held them above her head as he ground his bare cock against her pussy lips. Jonah could tell she was enjoying it even if she didn't want to. Her hips rose up into his, rocking against his erection. 

Taking both wrists in one hand, he used the other to guide his hard cock into her drenched cunt. In one thrust, Jonah rammed his entire length into her. Lori couldn't hold back a groan. He may be a bastard, she thought, but she still loved his yummy cock. A shiver rippled through Jonah. Her tight walls were clenching his cock. It was one of the most exquisite feelings ever. Forgetting that she was probably still angry, Jonah released her hands.

Sharp nails raked down his back. A satisfied smile curved his little vixen's lips as he growled. Jonah was pretty sure there was a little blood mixed in with those scratches. 

"You're being very bad, Lori. Bad girls need to learn their lesson. I guess I'll have to be the one to teach you," he told her huskily. Her smug smile faltered a little and her eyes widened slightly, even as her pussy got wetter. "Teachers have to punish naughty girls," he told her as he slid his cock out of her. "On your hands and knees Ms. O' Reilly."

Lori obeyed the demanding tone. Something within her thrilled at being dominated. She turned so that her rounded ass was facing Mr. Blackbrook and spread her knees so he had a good view of her pink pussy.

"I've been very naughty Mr. Blackbrook. Punish me. Make me take your yummy cock."

Hearing her talk dirty excited him even more. Needing no further encouragement, he slid his dick into her wet folds from behind. Lori whimpered like a bitch in heat. She loved being mounted. His thick cock felt so good when he went deep enough to bump her cervix. 

"I'm going to fuck you until you scream. Good students don't try to look sexy for their teachers. Only a bad girl would tease me and make me want to cum in their pussy. You're a bad girl, aren't you Lori?"

"Mmmmmm, fuck, I'm sooo naughty Mr. Blackbrook. Fuck me nice and harrrd so I learn my lesson."

Jonah didn't hesitate. She was driving him insane. Wrapping one hand around her waist, he pulled her back onto his cock. He shoved his dick into her as hard as he could until she was screaming her pleasure. With his other hand, Jonah smacked her luscious ass. Over and over again the head of his cock hit her cervix. Lori couldn't take anymore. Shoving back onto his cock, Lori let her orgasm ripple through her. She shouted Jonah's name as her cum squirted all over his cock. Her pussy muscles clamped around his cock like a vise. Jonah's control was slipping. Soon he was thrusting like a madman. With a guttural moan, he came with her, still thrusting even when stream after stream of his hot cum splashed against the wall of her pussy. It seemed like he would keep cumming forever.

When they finally collapsed onto the bed, Jonah covered them with a blanket and pulled her into his arms. He could already hear her even breathing, telling him that she had drifted off into sleep.

"I love you," he whispered to his sleeping beauty.

--- 

The next morning, Lori woke up to her annoying phone alarm. She drove home and snuck back inside before her mom woke up. It really was a pain, but she wasn't ready to explain Jonah to her mother yet. She was supposed to go over to his house for dinner later and spend the night. Her mom would be out of town on business so she wouldn't have to worry about sneaking home in the morning. 

Right now Lori was hanging out with Cody. They were in his living room watching a Julia Roberts movie. What girl wouldn't love a story about a hooker ending up with a hot rich guy in Hollywood? Lori was surprised that Cody didn't mind watching a chick flick with her. He was such a nice guy.

"Do you want to go get something to eat in a little bit?" Cody asked.

Lori wanted to, but she already had plans. Jonah wanted her over at his house as soon as possible. She was probably going to head over there as soon as the movie was over. 

"I would, but I already have plans. I'm sorry Cody."

He didn't look happy about that. As Lori had been getting closer to Jonah, she had been drifting away from Cody. They still spent time together, but they weren't as close.

"You're going to see him, aren't you?" he asked.

"So what if I am? I'm allowed Cody."

Without warning, Cody leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. He nibbled at her lips and shoved his tongue past her lips. When she tried to pull away he held her close for another moment. Finally she used both palms to push him. She brought her fingertips to her lips. Her lips felt swollen from his kiss. 

Though he had just kissed her with such passion, he looked angry. Lori had never seen him upset, not really. She didn't want to hurt him, but she loved Jonah. Lori wanted everything to work out between her and Jonah; she was carrying his baby. 

"He hurt you and treated you like shit Lori. You deserve better than that. What are you going to do when he stomps all over your heart again?"

"I'm being careful, and he's not going to. I'm pregnant Cody, and I don't want to have this baby by myself." Her eyes pleaded with him to understand, but he still wasn't going to back down.

"You wouldn't have to have the baby alone Lori. I would be there for you. Haven't I been here for everything so far? Doesn't that count for anything?" he demanded to know.

"What are you saying Cody?"

"I've been here for you, falling for you when he tossed you to the side. He calls you once, and now you're running back to him?"

"I love him Cody, otherwise I wouldn't be in this mess in the first place," she responded vehemently. 

"I love you Lori. Stay with me, don't go back to him. I'll marry you and help you raise the baby."

His offer was touching, and a week ago she might have considered it. Now Lori knew that she couldn't. She did have feelings for Cody; how could she not? But she still loved Jonah more. It broke her heart to hurt Cody, but she had to put herself and her baby first.

"I'm sorry Cody. You mean so much to me, but I love him. I can't be with you when I love the father of my baby."

The look on his face tore at her. She could see the hurt in his eyes, and it was mixed with anger. Lori knew the anger wasn't directed at her, it was more directed at Jonah and their predicament. 

"Fine Lori. When he uses you and throws you away again don't come running to me."

"Cody, what has gotten into you?"

"Nothing. I just don't understand why girls go back to guys that treat them like shit. Maybe you would want to be with me if I was an asshole."

Lori couldn't believe what he was saying. Cody had never been anything but nice to her, how could he say those things? It was definitely time for her to leave, especially since she could feel tears spilling down her cheeks. She grabbed her phone and her purse and dashed outside without another word. 

Lori fumbled to get her keys out of her purse and nearly dropped them trying to start her car. She pulled out of his driveway and didn't look back. She couldn't believe that Cody had snapped like that.

Thunder rumbled in the dark outside. The weather seemed to match Lori's mood. Sure enough, rain began to fall. Lori cried as she drove, trying to forget about Cody. She felt like she was getting too emotional; Lori blamed it on the hormones. From the cup holder she heard her cell phone vibrate. Cody was calling her. Well that was just too bad, Lori decided. If his goal had been to act like an ass, he had succeeded. She didn't feel like talking right now. 

He called four more times, one right after the other. The next time it rang, she answered it.

"What do you want Cody?" she snapped.

"I'm sorry, Lori. I never meant to yell at you. I'm sorry. Can we just forget I ever said anything?"

"I don't know Cody."

Lori was dividing her attention between talking and driving. She was about to pass through an intersection with a green light before she heard squealing tires. Lori looked to the right just in time to see a semi heading straight for her; the driver looked like he was searching for something in the passenger seat. There was no trailer behind the truck but the cab still looked enormous. Lori came to a screeching halt in its path and shifted into reverse but she knew she wouldn't have enough time. The driver of the semi looked up; the look on his face said that he knew it too. 

"Oh my God!" Lori cried. She could vaguely hear Cody on the other end.

"Lori? LORI?"

The sick sound of metal colliding could be heard over the phone. Lori shrieked as the semi made contact with her car. Her SUV spun into a telephone pole on the side of the street. Metal crunched and the air bag deployed, knocking her head back and making her dizzy. She was out of it for a few minutes before her awareness came back to her. Lori looked around as the sound of a horn's constant blaring battered her eardrums. The truck had made contact with the rear end of her car; luckily that was where most of the damage was. 

Her phone? Where was her phone? she wondered. Slowly she fumbled around until she saw it near her feet. It hurt to stretch down, but she did it quickly, like ripping off a bandaid. Lori couldn't quite swallow her scream. She slowly put the phone to her ear to see if Cody was still on the other end. Pain radiated throughout her body.

"Cody?" she croaked out.

"Lori!! What happened? What's going on?"

"I got in an... accident. A semi... hit my car."

"Are you hurt?? Where are you??"

"My head hurts, and it feels like I hurt all over." Lori looked around with blurry vision, trying to recognize her surroundings. "Corner of Lake and... Parkview."

"I'm on my way there. I'm going to call 911 real quick. I'm just going to put you on hold. Don't hang up Lori, and don't fall asleep."

"I can't, have to call Jonah, have to tell him I'll be late," she mumbled. She hung up the phone and struggled to find Jonah's number. She knew she was slipping into unconsciousness, but she had to call him. She heard it ringing and waited to hear his voice.

"Hello Beautiful, are you on your way?" he asked.

"Jonah? Jonah, I'm going to be late..." The sound of sirens could be heard from a distance.

"Lori, are you okay?" He sounded worried. Lori knew she should be paying more attention to him, but she was getting so sleepy.

"Got hit," she murmured. "Cody said he called 911. So sorry, goin' to be late. Jonah...."

"Lori? Baby?? LORI?"

Over and over, he called her name. Jonah got no response. 

--- 

When Lori woke up there was a nurse puttering around her room. Cody was in the chair next to her bed holding her hand. Lori made a feeble attempt at a smile and Cody smiled back. When the nurse noticed she was awake she walked over.

"Nice to see you're awake sleepy head." She gave Lori a beaming smile. "How are you feeling?"

"Sore, it's like everything hurts. And I feel really thirsty." Her throat felt like the Sahara. 

"I'll be right back with some ice chips for you Honey."

The nurse disappeared and she slid my hand from Cody's so that she could evaluate the damage.

"Lori?" she heard from the doorway. Lori turned to see a disheveled Jonah in the doorway. What was he doing here? How did he find her?

"Jonah?" she asked in a puzzled voice. He rushed into the room and over to the hospital bed. His eyes scanned her frame, trying to asses her injuries. He brushed his hand gently over her hair, glad that she was okay. Panic had nearly choked him the entire way to St. Peters Hospital. A minute later Jonah looked up and noticed Cody, who was sizing him up. Lori looked from Cody to Jonah and back. It looked like the cat was out of the bag now. Cody looked extremely unhappy.

"Nice to finally meet you, Jonah." All the emphasis was put on Jonah's name. A muscle in their teacher's jaw flexed, but he didn't rise to the bait.

"Nice to see you again, Cody." 

The two men engaged in a stare-down; in the end Jonah won out. It wasn't surprising. A doctor coming into the room dissolved some of the tension, or at least put it on hold. 

"Lori, how are you feeling?" the doctor asked.

"Really sore, but I think I'll be okay."

"That's good. You have a few cracked ribs and you had a concussion, but overall you were pretty lucky young lady."

Oh my God, Lori thought. Her hand flew down to her stomach and she remembered the baby. She looked up with frantic eyes at the doctor. Nothing else mattered if her baby wasn't okay. Lori had to ask and she didn't care who heard.

"My baby?" she asked. The doctor smiled at her.

"The baby is fine. Your pregnancy seems to be progressing normally."

Relief flooded through Lori. She didn't want anything bad to happen to the little life growing inside her tummy.

"Have you seen an obstetrician yet?" the doctor questioned her.

"No, not yet," Lori replied ruefully. The doctor took a notepad from his pocket and wrote a name and phone number on it. He left the note on the bedside table.

"Dr. Lewis is great at what she does and her offices are located right here in the hospital."

The doctor looked at his audience and even he could feel the tension.

"Well, I think I will leave you all to talk. The nurse should be back soon. If you need anything just let her know or use your call button. "

When the three of them were left alone again they all felt uncomfortable. 

"You're pregnant?" Jonah asked. His face was like a mask. Lori had no idea what he was thinking. She hadn't wanted him to find out yet, and definitely not the way he had. Still, she was still too happy to find out that her baby was okay.

"Yes, I'm pregnant," she said defiantly.

"Is it mine?" 

"What if it isn't?" Cody asked him. 

"I would still want you Lori." Jonah ignored him and kept his eyes trained on Lori. "But I do want to know if it's mine. Please," he begged.

"Yes," she confessed. 

"Why didn't you tell me?"
