 Lori lay gasping for breath, her pussy still throbbing with that incredible sensation that follows a thorough fucking. Her nipples were still erect…Wet from the attention of his mouth, they stood at attention in the relative coolness of the room. 

He was still between her legs…Still inside her... Still hard. She groaned in disappointment as he slowly withdrew from her. She could do nothing about it because she was tied….Rope coiled around her upper thighs…Hands and legs tied at her hips…Blindfolded. He had tied her this way before and it had become her favorite position. She felt so vulnerable, so open, initially her heart always pounded as the ropes tightened and bound her…Helpless, completely at his mercy. 

She felt him move onto the bed and knee-walk up to her. His hands caressed her nipples and moved to her face…His lips were on hers searching, seeking, then demanding. She mewed her pleasure as he ran his hands over her body, then again he pulled away. Without a word her turned her head to the side and she felt a jolt of joy as the slick head of his penis brushed her lips. 

She gasped and groaned in pleasure as he slid the rigid stem of his penis into her mouth. She wanted so badly to hold his balls with her hands, to run her fingers behind him and in his ass, to make him gasp in pleasure at the sensations she could produce with just one finger and her mouth. 

He settled into a smooth fucking motion slipping his penis into the wet warmth of her mouth and then back out. He was gentle with her, yet there was no question he intended to cum in her mouth. She gave up on her wish to hold him and relaxed. He slowed his stroking until he was barely moving in and out. His penis throbbed with the racing of his heart as his orgasm began to build. 

He gasped at the recognition of the tightening in his balls that always preceded his orgasm and slowed even more. Wanting the sensation to last for him as long as possible, she slackened the grip of her lips on his penis until it barely brushed her lips as he moved in and out of her. 

Turning slightly, he reached between her legs and lightly brushed his finger over the erect nub of her clit. She gasped around his thickening penis…Not realizing it until he touched her, she was on the verge of cumming again. The he was there…She felt the head of his penis expand and he held it still in her mouth. Carefully, but surely, she closed her lips around the firm, slick head and he grunted in pleasure as he began spurting into her mouth….

"God," she thought as the hot cum bubbled out of her lips and ran down her chin, "He did save up for me!" 

Slowly the spasms subsided and he move carefully to lay down so that she could hold him in her mouth as he softened…"If she only knew what was going to happen next," he thought as he stroked her nipples.