  This is the second part of a story, I really suggest reading the first in order to enjoy this story even more.

*****

Still trying to catch my breath from the mind-blowing orgasm I just had, a fact that was even more exciting since it was my first ever, I glanced over at the Greek god responsible. Brian was the sexiest guy I had ever met. Six foot three, tan, with long, lean muscle all over his body, dark blue eyes that complimented his adorably curly blonde hair. He also had just enough of a happy trail and chest hair, which, along with his toned stomach, was perfect for me to rub my hand up and down as I slowly came back to the real world.

He smiled at me. "How do you feel?"

I was still breathing heavily, but I never miss an opportunity to flirt or be sarcastic. If I can manage it, I like to do both. "It's so cute that you think there are words to describe this."

He moved some dangling strands of hair from my face and then his long fingers made their way down between my breasts and continued on to graze over my stomach. "No regrets? Still want to go further?"

If I thought he was sexy before, this show of chivalry only made my desire for him to take my virginity stronger. "Absolutely no regrets. I can't imagine doing this with anyone else," his face was even more beautiful as it relaxed into relief. "But, I might need a little break if you're going to wear me out so much," I said with a grin.

"Well, I did invite you to come over for breakfast, how about I explore the kitchen?" I replied with a nod, biting my lip to keep my smile from overtaking my face. As he walked away, still wearing his semi-wet bathing suit from his morning laps at the pond, I redid my ponytail, trying to smooth my long brown hair into something other than a rat's nest and tried to make myself look sexy for when he came back.

A minute later, he returned, looking bashful. "I, um, don't have any food here," he said. He paused for a second and then, coming up onto the bed next to me, he asked, "how about I change, go to the market and grab some breakfast sandwiches, and you stay here and take a shower?" His eyes started out by scanning my face, checking for any offense or annoyance, but they slowly traveled down the rest of my body, taking their time as they explored. 

Woah, I thought, he made me wet just by looking at me. I hoped he didn't notice that I was dripping. I could feel my breathing getting heavy again, but I managed to accept his proposal, and then listen to his instructions about the shower and towels, I was successfully acting like a normal person. And then he took off his shorts to change. 

I stared for a moment, stunned. Here I was, sitting on this gorgeous man's bed, naked, and I hadn't even seen his cock until this moment. It was probably seven inches long, pretty thick, and had some groomed pubic hair surrounding it. 

I got off the bed and stood up. "Hey," I said quietly. "Maybe the breakfast sandwiches and shower could wait a little while longer." As the words came out of my mouth, all I could focus on was the suddenly very loud sound of my heartbeat and the spreading warmth through my pussy. 

He didn't understand immediately what I wanted, so I got down on my knees in front of him. Then he smiled and I could tell he was excited. I slowly licked up and down the shaft a few times before gently wrapping my hand around the base. He was so hard and I could feel his cock flex involuntarily under my grip. I stroked him a few times before finally bringing my lips to the head, which was glistening with pre-cum. I slowly looked up at him as I slid my mouth over the first 4 inches. I went slow for a little while, looking up at him the whole time until I couldn't take it anymore. Then, I quickly went down to the very base of his nice long cock until I could feel his pubic hair tickling my nose. Just before I could gag, I went back almost to the head and started to suck him faster. Brian started thrusting and really fucked my face. Every few strokes I would reach forward and gently massage his balls. I was so wet, and I wanted him so badly. Soon, I could tell he was going to cum so I deep-throated his gorgeous cock one more time and almost immediately I felt bursts of his warm cum shooting into me. I couldn't take all of it in my mouth and I ended up with a few streaks of cum across my face and naked body. I licked up and down his shaft one more time until he was soft and watched as he sat his amazing body down on the bed to catch his breath. 

After a minute or two, he gave me a wicked grin and said, "Are you really hungry after all that? Because I think we should skip breakfast and go straight to the shower." As he said this he stood up, taking me with him and began rubbing some of his cum into my breast. I bit my lip and managed a nod as I followed him into the bathroom. 

He had one of those bathrooms that was completely tiled so the shower was only contained by one wall of glass to protect water from getting through the door. He pulled the hair tie out my ponytail and brought my long brown locks down around my face. As we waited for the water to heat up, he pulled me into a passionate kiss. I felt my naked skin shiver but I couldn't tell if it was from the cold tile that he backed me into or from the fact that I was about to lose my virginity to my former coach who was probably breaking laws by being so sexy. 

He pulled me under the warm water, still kissing me with a fire that I thought would burn me up. He pulled a centimeter away and gave my lower lip three small little bites. I could have cum right then. He grabbed some body wash and began rubbing and cleaning me. It felt amazing, and by the time he reached my mound I was ready to melt. He cleaned my small triangle of soft hair before lifting his hand to the water to rinse off the soap. With one hand already cupping my ass cheek, he took his hand and lifted one of my legs up by the crook of the knee. I was back up against the tile wall again and there was a stream of water running between our two naked bodies. 

He leaned in and brought his mouth close to my ear and whispered, "Are you ready?"

I'm surprised he even heard me as I replied with my soft but desperate, "Please," but right then he lined up his once again hard cock with my virgin hole and entered me in one quick stroke. I cried out as he broke my hymen, but it didn't hurt nearly as much as I expected it to. 

He stayed there for a long moment so I could adjust to the pain and feeling so full, once I nodded for him to keep going. He slowly pulled his cock out until just the head was inside me. He gave my ass a quick squeeze and dove himself back into me. He started a rhythm: fast in, slow out. I could feel the pressure building inside of me as this gorgeous man continually hit my g-spot with his steely-hard cock. I could feel my legs begin to shake and the pressure continued to build. I cried out his name and squeezed his strong arms with my fingers. Then I exploded. I was in pure ecstasy, the pleasure was almost to much to handle. he continued pounding his long, hard cock into me, extending the orgasm. Before I could come down from my high all the way, my spasming pussy must have pushed him over the edge. With one hard, deep stroke, he burst into me, shooting his cum into my cunt. 

We slowly began to recover as the we caught our breath and the warm water ran over our tired bodies. "You really go the extra mile for your rowers, don't you Coach," I joked breathlessly.