 It was a hot sticky afternoon and as I left the office to attempt the hour-long drive home I could feel my head starting to throb. It had been an awful day; my boss in marketing was on my back about deadlines which resulted in me having to work overtime for the last three weeks to complete things.

I work for a company that sells health products and regularly have to work overtime to make up my lousy wages. Somehow the last week was really getting to me, I made my way across the car park to where my beaten out old fiesta was standing on its own, the light was beginning to fade and some of the street lights had already come on.

I turned the key in the lock and climbed into Fi Fi, my reliable but old motor, as I swung my legs in, I caught my tights on the edge of the door. “Bugger” I swore to myself now I’m going to have to stop at the shop to get some tights for tomorrow, all the others were waiting to be washed and seeing as I didn’t have much time for anything else these days, that’s probably where they will stay until the weekend

The motor turned over a couple of times before life kicked into the rusty old machine and then we were on our way home, I turned up the radio as loud as the speakers would allow me to with ought them blowing up in a spectacular display of black smoke. I sang loudly to George Michael as he belted out the lyrics to Freedom.

While I was driving, I had my mind on what I would cook for tea, thinking to myself that I might like some pasta tonight.  I decided that I would stop and get some tights and pasta sauce as soon as I got into town, I’m sure the little seven eleven would have both the items I needed and carried on singing.

George faded into the background and the disc clicked to number two two, a soft tune started humming out of the disc player. The song reminded me of my ex boyfriend, we had split up just a month earlier and I missed him dreadfully, as the song played on I felt increasingly turned on thinking about all the things we had done together, all the times we had made love in unusual places. 

I must admit that I am a bit of an exhibitionist and love to show off in front of people, I have a lovely body or so I’m told, long dark hair and I’m quite short which makes my 36d breasts look even bigger and firmer than they are.
My ex used to love putting on shows in public taking it as far as we dare, and as I thought about his strong hands caressing my body I began to feel a tingle between my legs, a tingle I could not ignore!

I slowed my driving and started to slowly creep my hand down onto my thigh and underneath my skirt. I was on a dual carriageway, so knew I would be ok, no one would look at me and I wouldn’t have to change gear or anything for about another 10 miles or so. I crept my hand up towards where my pussy was waiting for some attention, I slowly eased my legs apart and started tracing the outline of my pussy lips gently with one finger.

As my finger made its way down to my bum I stroked around the entrance a few times before making my way up and quickly stroking over the top of my clit. As I did so a slight moan escaped my lips, and I had to lean back hard into the seat. My pussy had not had a male touch for over a month now and I was desperate for sex. I moved my finger back over the sensitive bud a few times and felt the electricity build inside me, I tried hard to concentrate on the road before me, I knew what I was doing was dangerous, but I didn’t care, I was so turned on that I had to finish what I started.

I gently eased a finger inside of me and stroked my inner walls, gripping my finger tightly with the muscles inside of me, pretending that it was a huge cock inside of me and not my finger. My thumb was working on my clit, rubbing it hard in time with the stroking inside of me. Slipping another finger inside of me I moaned loudly and almost swerved onto the other lane of the carriageway, I regained composure enough to drive the car back into the right hand lane whilst still working furiously between my legs.

The songs blasted out of the disc player as I neared orgasm, the tingles inside of me deep in my belly told me it would not be long before I coated my fingers in the sweet cum that oozed out of my hot delicious pussy. My rubbing and thrusting got furious as I neared my ultimate goal and my fingers were a blur beneath my skirt.  Finally my inner muscles clamped down on my fingers not wanting to let them go. My body shook in a violent manner as wave after wave of pure pleasure racked through my body, from my pussy to the top of my head then down to my toes.

I pulled my fingers out of my pussy and put them to my lips tasting the sweet nectar that was coated all over them. As I had finished sucking my fingers clean I noticed that the roundabout was approaching, I had just driven the last 10 miles totally unaware of anything else that was going on around me.

As I glanced to the right of me I saw a man watching me, he had a huge smile on his face and I couldn’t disguise what I had just been doing.  I had only just pulled my fingers from my mouth, and I could tell I was hot and flustered, I could feel the heat burning on my cheeks and he just sat there in his car and smiled a huge grin from ear to bloody ear.

He pulled away before me as a space came in the flow of traffic around the roundabout; I followed him down the main high street hoping that he would turn off soon. We drove through the street and out of town, “shit” I swore to myself, I had been so embarrassed by having been caught by the man in the car I had forgotten to stop for tights and pasta sauce.

The man was still in front of me as we rounded the corner, which took us down a small country lane. I lived about 4 miles down this road and so hoped he would not see where I had turned off, I glanced into my rear view mirror to quickly fix my hair and make sure my make up was not in too much of a mess when, THUMP. He had stopped and I had driven straight into the back of him. I was shaking like mad and my neck hurt a little, although we were not going very fast, the impact had been enough to make a huge dent in my little Fi FI and a not so big dent in his bumper.

I saw him look in his mirror before he leapt out of his car, he looked mad, and I was scared what he was going to do, I was all on my own and it was down to my pure stupidity that I had driven up the back of his brand new BMW.  I just sat there shaking, holding my neck and as he approached me although he looked mad I couldn’t help but notice how good looking he was and how firm his body was, he was wearing a tight fitting t shirt and black cargo’s.  I would have put him at about 28 years old and he had a very tight and firm body.

He knocked on the window of my car and I slowly opened the door still holding my neck, it was painful but I could not keep my eyes off of this handsome man that was standing in front of me.
All I could manage to spurt out of my mouth was a garbled excuse of an apology. I’m sure it didn’t make any sense what so ever as he just stood there looking not mad now, but slightly amused at something.

I realised quickly that my skirt was still up round my waist from when I had had my fingers deep inside of me, I pulled it down and looked up with a smile on my face. Trying to cover up what he had seen I simply said,
“It must have rode up as I hit you.” He laughed out loud before I had even had chance to finish what I was saying. 
“ I saw what you were doing, I saw you on the carriageway, you looked like you were enjoying yourself” 
I gasped out loud and felt my cheeks burn up and tears sprang up in my eyes, blinking back the tears I apologised for hitting his car and offered to pay for the damage.

He smiled a gorgeous smile at me and told me not to bother as it was a company car and they would fix it, it was no big deal he said. I was still clutching my neck and he could see I was in some pain as I sat back down in the driver’s seat of my car. He knelt beside me and asked me if I was ok to drive home, I nodded, not looking up at him. I could feel his eyes resting on my breasts, surveying every curve and detail of my body as I at there in front of him.

I was still shaking slightly as I looked up at him to ask if he wanted my address anyway just in case the company would not fix the car. He smiled that gorgeous smile at me and I just melted, his hand crept forward and rested on my thigh just above the hem of my skirt. I quickly averted my eyes and looked down as he moved closer to me and leaned forward until his face was inches from mine. His other hand gently lifted my chin up so I had to look at him and I think he said something about not worrying about the cars, he would fix everything. I’m not quite sure what was said but as he leaned in to kiss me I felt a whole bolt of lust shoot through my body and relight the passion that had been inside me moments earlier.

I responded to his lips on mine, his tongue danced inside my mouth, playing with mine, gently scraping his teeth across my lips as he expertly sucked my tongue I moved in even closer to him, he smelt fantastic, very fresh and clean. I wrapped my arms around the back of his neck and let him engulf me in his passionate embrace. I could feel my pussy tingle once more, and I longed to feel him inside me, I wanted him so badly I couldn’t bear the thought of him leaving me here with ought me having a taste of his huge hard cock.

As he kissed me, I felt his hand gently creep up my thigh to the top of where my lace pants where innocently covering my hot wet sex. I could feel his finger inches away from the treasure between my legs; I involuntary let out a small whimper as he moved closer up my thighs. His embrace was forceful and passionate at the same time. Just as I was about to pull away from him, he swiftly picked me up in his strong arms and carried me over to his car, opened the back door and laid me down on the back seat. “Perfect!” I cried, “blacked out windows” 
He closed the door behind him and as I felt his body gently climb on top of mine I could hear the whirr of he central locking going off.

I lay back and surrender myself to this man, this stranger who stirred up so much excitement inside of me, this man who I had met about 10 minutes ago this man who I had crashed into the back of his car, had me here in his back seat. He moved up my body, his hands following every curve of my body, across my stomach and up to my breasts.

I could feel the hardness from within his trousers pressing into my side as he gently bent down to free my big firm breasts from the bra that was keeping them so well contained. A small gasp came from him as he saw my juicy breasts in all their glory. I felt him lower his head to my left nipple just at the same time his hands found their way under the little black lace thong. The feel of him on my pussy made me buck my hips up slightly to allow him greater access to my hot pussy beneath him.

His breathe on my neck made me shiver in excitement, his hands were stroking my pussy lips slowly, his mouth was on my nipple, I was in heaven, I needed this man so much it was amazing.
I moaned as he pushed a finger deep inside of me, his thumb rested on my clit and made small movements in time with his sucking on my nipple.
I needed to taste this man, I needed to stroke and hold the hot cock that was throbbing against my side.  I wriggled free and pushed him down on the seat, I smiled wickedly as I started to unbutton his cargo’s and slid my hand inside his boxers to get my first touch of his cock.

I was not disappointed as I took hold of the hard tool that was throbbing to be touched. It leapt upwards as I grasped it in my small hand, pulling the foreskin back as far as it would go then stroking my hand down the shaft and back up the head again. It was a lovely big hard cock with lots of big purple veins and as I leaned down to take him in my mouth I felt his mouth on my pussy, his lips sucked in the sweet juice that was leaking from my wet hole. The feeling was fantastic, I swallowed his mighty cock deep into my throat and held it there for some time just feeling him in my mouth, moaning loudly against the shaft, his tongue worked on my pussy, probing my hole with it, exploring my wetness and tasting the sweet scent of me. Shivers of orgasm were building inside of me and I started to move my mouth on his shaft, sliding my tongue up and down the length of his hot cock.
I reached for his balls and started to stroke playfully, as I felt him rubbing my clit I knew it wouldn’t be long before I had my second orgasm of the day. I could feel his balls begin to tighten and pulled away from him, I had to have him inside of me, and I wanted to feel the size of him as he eased himself into my tight wet hole.

He needed no further encouragement and stopped sucking on my clit and roughly turned me around so I was facing away from him. I felt him pull my panties to one side and move up behind me. The first feel of his huge cock head on my pussy lips was enough to almost make me come right away. He could obviously feel the shudder run through my body and held my hips tight as he rammed himself up inside of me, he was huge and stretched me wide, I felt him fill me up and his hairy balls rest against my pussy.

I wiggled impatiently as he stayed still inside me, he started to stroke my arse with his hands, not saying anything or moving inside of me, just stroking my arse.
He moved his fingers to my opening and traced small circles around it, slowly he started to move inside of me, stroking long slow strokes with his cock, my pussy gripped him tightly milking him with every movement, His fingers still playing with my hole. Gently he pushed one finger into my opening, I moaned loud and long and pushed back towards him to encourage him to fuck me harder, he complied, pushing his hips harder and faster, his balls slapping against my pussy, his finger working its way up inside of me.

Moans of pleasure were coming from both of us as we were lost in a fucking frenzy, him swinging his hips into me, his cock ramming up inside of me with each thrust. The finger in my arse was working miracles and brought me to a shattering orgasm right at the same time he pumped a huge load of hot cum deep into my hot slimy pussy. The waves of orgasm racked through me and I screamed in pleasure as the last load of hot come shot up inside of me. We both collapsed on the back seat in a crumpled heap gasping for breathe.

After what seemed like an eternity he spoke up “maybe I will take your address, not for the insurance company, for myself” I smiled as I sat up and tried to straighten my clothes “ not a problem” I replied. “I’m sure you’re going to need it!”