 Hello?" Kathy's sleepy inquiry croaked thickly through the receiver. "Who is this?"

"Ah…it's me…Andrew" I started, suddenly very aware my impulsive action.

"Andrew…Andrew?" Kathy murmured in her half sleep "What time is it…why are you calling me at this time?"

"I…I just had to talk with you."

"Couldn't it wait."

"Well…Ah no…it couldn't I guess…I just needed…" My voice trailed off as I became aware of just how lame I must have sounded. "Well it like this…I've been awake for hours…just thinking of you…and…and"

"God Andrew…you called me just to tell me that?"

"No…no, there's more." My heart pounded and my voice became edgy. "You see I've been thinking about you…and me…you know, together."

"Andrew…."

"No…no let me finish…I've been lying awake for hours…just thinking of you and me…I just couldn't get you out of my mind." 

My heart was beating heavily. I was aglow with a mixture of sweat, lust and apprehension 

My sheets had long since formed a tangled heap at my feet as I lay on my back in the dark. Slowly the floodgates of my lurid imaginings eased open and began to flow. "I just couldn't sleep, tossing and turning…with a hard on you wouldn't believe."

"What were you thinking?" Kathy whispered coyly, her sultry laugh rippling down the line. "Are you still hard?" 

"What?…oh yeah, anyway, the more I thought about you…and me…the more I wanted to talk to you…to hear your voice."

"Are you stroking yourself?"

"No…no why… I don't…"

"I want you to…for me, please. Tell me you're touching yourself, I want to hear you're touching yourself."

A lewd self-satisfied smile crossed my face as I had succeeded in drawing Kathy into my fantasy world. Our horizons had shortened and the atmosphere had noticeably thickened. Taking my rampant cock into my hand, we were in that moment, together. Alone to explore, encourage and to exhort. 

"Have you got a hold of your cock?" Kathy husky inquiry emphasised "cock", drawing it out and injecting it with so much meaning.

"Yeah…yeah, I have only it's not the same…it would be better if…if it were you"

"Mmmm…really?…tell me more."

"Well…I don't know…it must be my time of the month and…and I'm as horny as hell…and …and I just started thinking of you…and I could get you out of my mind."

"What were you thinking?"

"God" I groaned "everything…everything"

"Tell me."

"Well it's all so random" I started "So fluid, you know how thoughts are. My imagination…I just wanted…I was just…"

"Jesus, Andrew." Kathy's laughter interrupted "You wake me up for this? It's not the time to be romantic…it's sex pure and simple and you're going to have to do better…were we fucking and was I enjoying myself?"

It was my turn to laugh; Kathy was always direct. It's what made her stand apart from all the others and the reason why I had lain awake for so long and why I was now on my back with my cock in my hand.

"Well I don't know about you Kathy but I sure as hell was."

Are you still playing with yourself…playing with that hot, hard cock of yours?"

"Mmm What?…yes!"

"So what were we doing?"

"Well…well the best part was…was when we were out in a field…by a stream…out of sight…and…and I was …we were going down…me on you…you on me…you know, together?"

"A sixty-nine?"

Ah yeah…how did…"

"Oooo, I like that…Mmm I love having my pussy licked…a sixty-nine…was I on top or underneath…I prefer on top."

"Ahh yeah…you were on top…naked" I paused with the memory "God it was so vivid I…I could almost smell you."

"And… was I… sucking… you? By the sound of her question I sensed Kathy was now deeply involved in my fantasy.

"Oh yeah…you were…you were really going for it…like never before."

"Well it hasn't been that often" Kathy scoffed "two or three times at the most."

"True…but it is my fantasy…and you always seemed to enjoy giving head."

Kathy grunted in acknowledgement as I continued " anyway you were lying on top of me with those wonderful thighs of yours on either side of my head. My hands we running all around that nice firm round ass of yours, you were going crazy.

"What else…were you doing" Kathy interrupted her soft sultry purr rippled down the line sending shivers down my spine. "I hope you were doing other things."

"Sure…sure I was."

"Were you licking my pussy…you know I like having my pussy licked." A sense of urgency had crept into Kathy's voice.

"Oh yeah…but no right away…I wanted to make you so hot…I wanted you to beg for it…I wanted you to suffer as I have been for the last few hours, with a hard-on that's all because of you."

"What do you mean, because of me?" Kathy's muffled laughter spurred me on.

"I was licking and sucking everywhere…all over…saving the best bit for last…you were moaning trying to direct your pussy to my lips." 

"Jesus1" Kathy huffed unable to conceal her frustration "That's so typical of you…always beating around the bush, never getting to the point."

"Beating round the bush…that sounds about right" I chuckled at her unintended pun "Anyway I kept getting closer and closer…and then slipping away…Jesus you were wet, your pussy lips were really pouting…" 

I could hear Kathy's heavy breathing and I imagined her playing with herself. "When I finally kissed you, a deep wet kiss right on your pussy… you went wild. You really started bucking when I tugged at your sweet lips, sucking them into my mouth… I had to wrap my arms around your waist to hold you still…you were really going for it…"

"Did…did I cum?"

"I don't know…I guess so…It's just that the fantasy changed."

"Changed! Why?" Kathy wailed in frustration, barely able to conceal her disappointment. Changed…changed to what?"

"Well you were face down with your ass in the air…your knees were spread and your…your. God you look great in that position, I can see you now…Your lovely tight round ass up in the air like that…Jeez."

"What were…were you doing?

"Well I…I was on my knees behind you."

"Were you naked…I want to know?"

"Yeah sure…sure I was naked… I had my cock in my hand and you were just begging for it… wagging you ass so slowly the way that you do…making those soft groaning noises"

"Well if I was as hot as I am now" Kathy hissed "I'm not surprised I was begging for it."

"Anyway…you looked so great I...I just wanted the moment to last forever…steadying your ass I pressed my cock against you…you know along the crease of you ass…and just started sliding back and forth… you were making so much noise I thought somebody would hear us."

"Did you… did we fuck?"

Ignoring her I continued " My cock was so hard…and the head so bloated…God it was so red…and the veins"

"Jesus, Andrew shut up about the veins…did you fuck me?"

"My balls…my balls were pressed tight up against you pussy, wet with your juices."

"Oh god." Kathy groaned with exasperation, whispering softly. "Please, please tell me you slid that cock of yours deep into me and that you… fucked me"

"Kathy you were so tight…I could only just get my head in between you pussy lips…you needed to relax...I've never felt you so tight"

"At fucking last." Kathy scoffed "I doubt that I'd have been tight"

"Anyway…there we were...you on your knees with my cock head twitching between your crinkled pussy lips…your ass was rotating all around and you were pressing yourself back…trying to take me in."

"And…and did I, we…? Kathy's voice tensed "you'd better not find another fantasy I…that would really piss me off."

"God It look great Kathy…your ass working your pussy onto my cock…God I almost came just thinking about it…" Kathy said nothing all I could hear was her ragged breath. "Gradually your pussy lips spread to flow over that thick ridge of my cock…You were so hot. Gradually I could feel you relaxing, preparing yourself to take more…You felt so tight…I could feel your pussy muscles gripping me."

For a moment we both fell silent as were swept along by the erotic imagery of our fulfilment. A deep aching want gripped my balls. My cock pulsated heavily. I gasped with its intensity.

"Andrew…Andrew?" Kathy's quavering voice inquired "Are you still there?"

"Yeah…yeah I'm here…so's my cock…yuck…"

"What's happening?"

"Nothing…just some stick pre-cum just slid down over my hand… God I need to fuck you so bad."

"Keep talking to me…tell me what happened…I want you… to tell me… how you …fucked me."

The image quickly flooded back into my mind, the memory of her sex once again gripping around me, her sweet ass flexing as she widened to take me further.

"Jesus Kathy…you couldn't keep still…you were so wet…it was like you just sucked me in…I mean it all of a sudden… became so easy…my cock just slipped right inside…a couple of pushes and I was in, right up to my balls "

"Oomph" I could here Kathy grunt "God I can… almost feel …feel you…inside me"

Kathy's voice trailed off, from the sound of her breathing she was on the verge of cumming.

"Hey…Kathy…you'd better wait for me."

Fuck you…Andrew" She hissed. "It's my turn now…I can feel your cock…sliding slowly in and out of my pussy…its so big…it feels so hot so alive…I want more…give it to me."

"Kathy…I… a…"

"Fuck me…" Kathy demanded "just fuck me… give me more…I want you to cum…cum with me…God I love you cock…so good…so…." Kathy's exhortations were cut short with a sudden intake of breath followed by a long drawn out sigh and then, then silence.

Many moments passed as I lay in the darkness languidly stroking waiting for Kathy to resurface.

"Are you still there?" She whispered. "Did you cum?"

"No…not yet."

"Why…why not? I wanted you to."

"Well that's just it I wanted to…but it was only a fantasy…and … and I want the real thing."

"What…what you want to fuck me…now?

"More than ever…I need to live the fantasy…to feel my hot cock deep, deep inside you…sliding in and out of your pussy until I can't stand it any more…to feel your…your"

"How long will it take you to get here?" Kathy interrupted my flight of fancy. "You're getting me horny again…how soon can you get here?" 

"What…Ah…ah " I stammered "Fifteen minutes… Ten if I hurry."

"Make it ten and I'll meet you outside…I don't want to disturb the folks."