 To my readers: My apologies for being away so long. Work has me by the shorthairs and I just haven't had the time.

I still owe you a few more installments on a couple of storylines and I haven't forgotten them. I hope to jump back on them shortly.

In the meantime I finally put this story to pen. 

I still have the scar on my elbow and, unfortunately, Laura used our liaison as a way to get back at her husband, rather than as a long term relationship. Still it brings back some fond memories and makes a hell of a story.

Hope you enjoy and would love to hear from you if you do.

Thinking of you!

Don

*

I think it is most important for my readers to understand that I had no intention of hitting the son-of-a-bitch. I had planned on simply speaking with him and expressing my displeasure with how he had spoken about his wife.

I'm getting ahead of myself though so, before you determine whether I'm a bad guy or not, I'd better tell you the whole story.

I was attending my 30th high school reunion. Not normally my kind of thing but I'd skipped the twentieth, and the tenth was still way too clique-ish for my taste.

So here I was nursing a CC and soda, while Jenny Waters babbled on incessantly about how much money her husband made when he sold their last house. Of course only after she had painted the rooms and redone the drapes. Sponge-on, sponge-off, twin roll, texture paint, blocking, stitching, sewing, blah, blah, blah, drone, drone, drone, and so forth.

It's not that I wasn't happy for Jenny and her husband. It's just that I didn't have a clue who she was. Hell, I'd gone to school with Jake Waters, and if we exchanged three words in four years of high school it was three too many. Jake was a jock and I was in the silent majority.

I was seriously thinking of excusing myself and heading for the bar when SHE walked in.

Laura Clark was my fantasy dream date throughout high school. Problem was I never could muster the courage to ask her out. Like so many high school kids I never understood that "no" wasn't going to kill me and, if I'd only taken the chance, the answer probably would have been "yes".

The other guys didn't see her the way I did. They would snicker over her glasses, or the way she dressed. They would make stupid remarks about her weight. In gym class she was always the last to be picked. She sat at lunch with a couple of girlfriends, never any guys. She wasn't at the prom. (I know because I went alone hoping she would show up.)

Laura was not an ugly girl. By her senior year she was responsible for every wet dream I had, and though the other guys didn't admit it, I'm sure she was responsible for a fair share of theirs too.

After school we both ended up at the same local college and I started to realize that if I didn't ask her out I would miss my chance. So just about the time I started to realize that I had "balls" and that I could muster the courage to ask her out, she meets John Carter.

Whirlwind romance, marriage, and three kids later she's about to walk back into my life. What a friggin' waste of my life I think to myself. If I hadn't been sitting down I'd have kicked my ass from one side of the room to the other.

Fortunately, Jim Thompson, my best friend from high school, was on the reunion committee and made arrangements for Laura and her husband to sit at my table. I couldn't have been happier as I watched her walk towards me.

My happiness was shortlived though when I saw that she was extremely upset and had, in fact, been crying recently.

I had gotten up to hug her and couldn't help but notice how warmly she reciprocated.

"Are you okay Laura?" I asked, genuinely concerned.

"I'm fine Don", she said, still hitching at her breath. "I just need a couple of moments".

I realized that we were still holding each other closely, and briefly, mentally, kicked my ass again for losing her.

We broke apart and I pulled a seat out for her.

"Would you like something to drink?" I asked.

"Just a glass of white wine, thank you", she sighed heavily.

I noticed the look of annoyance from Jenny as I headed towards the bar without asking Jake or her if they wanted anything. (Jenny. If you're reading this. Sorry.)

I was back to the table in record time with two glasses of wine.

"Here you go", I said with as much gallantry as I could summon. "Are you feeling better?"

Laura sipped at her wine.

"I'll be fine Don", she said with the definite tone of resignation in her voice. "I'll be fine. It's not something you need to be concerned about. Same shit. Different day."

Sad or not, just looking at Laura brought back every good and bad memory I ever had of her in a sudden, jarring jolt. She was still her voluptuous beautiful self and I felt like a high school kid all over again.

The change in Laura's face was almost miraculous. A beautiful smile broke through and caught me by surprise.

"You used to look at me like that in high school", she laughed. "It feels good to be looked at like that."

I know I blushed crimson as I could feel the heat in my face.

"I'm sorry", I murmured. "It's just that I was thinking about... about... ummmm... high school."

"That's what I said" she continued to laugh. "You used to look at me like that in high school. What we're you thinking?"

I know I blushed even harder as I had a pretty good idea that she knew what I was thinking. I never got a chance to answer though because at that moment her husband, John, came up to the table and sat down next to her.

He looked over at me and then to the drink in Laura's hand.

"What did you get me?" he asked Laura with a hint of contempt in his voice.

"I'm sorry", I said. "I got her a drink when she came in."

"I don't remember asking you what you did or didn't do", Jake said in an aggravated tone. "I was speaking to my wife. Now are you going to get me something or not?"

I could see the dark cloud forming on Laura's face.

"I'm not", she said calmly. "I'm not the waitress. If you want a drink you can order one at the bar."

For a moment I thought he was going to hit her. From the look on Laura's face, and the way she quickly glanced over at him and then away again, I could tell she thought so too.

"Fucking pig", John seethed, as he got up so quickly that he knocked his chair over.

"Fucking pig", he said again as he stormed off to the bar.

I was shocked at how quickly such a simple issue had escalated. I looked over at Laura and saw that she was shaking uncontrollably.

I leaned over and took her face in my hands.

"Laura", I said quietly and calmly. "Shhhh. Look at me. Calm down."

It took a minute or two but Laura finally started to regain her composure. The shaking subsided but tears were streaming down her face.

"I just can't believe he talks to me like that", she sobbed.

I didn't know what to say. I was taken aback and I certainly didn't want to get into the middle of some argument I knew nothing about. Still, there's just some things that don't get said, no matter what.

"Excuse me a minute", I said to Laura.

I didn't need to say anything to Jake or Jenny. Jake was in full conversation with a guy at the other table reminiscing about their glory days, and Jenny was reiterating the paint/drape/sell house epic to another couple behind her. They either didn't hear, or didn't care, about our conversation.

I walked up to the bar where John was busily explaining to another couple of guys how his wife doesn't "tell him shit".

Though my temper was starting to get the better of me, I decided to approach the issue at hand calmly, and cooly.

"John", I said in as soft as tone as I could marshal. "I really think you should talk to Laura. She's pretty upset."

John turned and looked at me the way an exterminator looks at a termite mound.

"Who gives a flying fuck what that fat bitch is doing?" John spat out with as much venom as a viper.

A wide variety of thoughts flew through my head. Laura was by no means fat. If anything she had lost a few pounds since high school. Typical prick who didn't have a clue what he had. She was a beautiful woman who did not deserve a nut case like him. I even pictured arguing with him but realized I'd be arguing with dead wood.

I turned to leave.

"Tell the bitch that I'll be home after I find a real woman to fuck", John laughed cruelly.

I honestly had no intention of hitting him. I honestly just wanted to express my displeasure at how he was speaking about his wife. The problem is that as I turned, I saw him laughing at the words he just spoken about a woman I'd loved since high school.

I distinctly remember my elbow connecting with his face just below his nose. I felt his upper front teeth dig into the skin of my elbow and then fold backwards. I was surprised by how much blood covered my arm, the bar, and the two other guys who were standing there in amazement.

John hit the floor like a ton of bricks. For a moment I thought I killed him. I was truly relieved to hear him moaning and grabbing his face trying to retain what few upper teeth he had left.

The local police department was swift to arrive. I got to reenact one of my favorite movie scenes where the criminal is handcuffed and tossed into the back of the squad car.

A quick trip to the station house. Fingerprinting. Photographs. Then a quick trip to the local magistrate where my bond was set at $1000 secured.

As the magistrate would not accept checks I was looking forward to a weekend with the local riff-raff at the city lock-up.

The police we're just about to take me away from the courtroom when the judge received word that someone was there to pay my bail.

I was surprised (albeit quite happy) to see Laura with cash in hand.

Shortly thereafter we were walking across the magistrate building parking lot.

"Laura", I began with a conciliatory tone. "I'm so sorry. I don't know what came over me. I hope John will be alright."

Laura didn't say a thing. I could see her running several possible replies through her mind. I don't think any of them were supportive of her husband. Finally she spoke up.

"Do you need a ride?" She asked.

"Yes I do", I answered. "My car is still back at The Riverfront".

Laura led me to her minivan.

"I have to stop and change before we go there", Laura told me. "I've got blood on my dress and I want to get some stain remover on it before it sets in. I hope you don't mind."

"No. No. Absolutely", I replied. "I'm on your dollar."

We drove along in silence and I had the opportunity to really take a good look at Laura. She may have been thirty years older but she still was as beautiful as I remembered. Her hair was cut much shorter than she wore it in high school, but it framed her face perfectly. The Irish in her made her cheeks rosy and her eyes twinkle when she smiled.

I found myself staring at the seatbelt crossing her chest and thinking about how much I'd like to be her car seat.

I snapped out of my reverie when I realized that I was thinking about a married woman whose husband I had just physically attacked. I was kicking myself some more.

"You know you're doing it again", Laura spoke up.

"Excuse me", I said.

"You're looking at me the way you did in high school", Laura turned and smiled at me. "No one has ever looked at me the way you do."

I didn't know what to say. I knew what I wanted to say but I figured this was definitely the wrong place and the wrong time.

I was trying to think of what to say when Laura pulled up in front of a modest two-story brick house.

"Home sweet home", Laura said wryly. "Come on in. We'll just be a minute".

Laura gave me the 50 cent tour of the first floor. Vestibule. Stairs leading to the second floor. Kitchen. Dining room. Living room. Master bedroom and master bath. She obviously prided herself on keeping the place clean and orderly.

"Can I fix you a cup of coffee?" Laura asked.

"Sure. Coffee would be great", I answered.

Laura bade me sit down in a large wing chair just off of the hallway leading to the master bedroom. She then headed into the kitchen to fix the coffee.

A short while later I could smell the aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafting from the kitchen. I was able to relax for perhaps the first time since I showed up at the restaurant for the reunion.

Laura came from the kitchen with a large mug of steaming coffee and set a hotpad on the end table next to me.

"I'll just be a minute", she said as she headed down the hallway towards the bedroom.

I watched her go and practically gagged on my coffee as I found myself thinking about how much I'd like to be following her into that room. I found I needed to adjust an unexpected hard-on.

"How's the coffee?" I heard Laura calling to me from the bedroom.

"It's good", I said as I almost gagged again.

When I turned in the direction of her voice I could see the bedroom door framed in the hallway mirror. Laura had removed her dress and was standing in her room in bra and panties.

I remembered how many times I had whacked off to just such a fantasy in my high school years and here it was, happening for real.

"You still haven't told me why you look at me the way you do", Laura said as she removed her bra exposing her luscious tits to me.

"I.... I... I...", was all I could voice.

"Did I ever tell you how much I wanted to date you in high school?" Laura said as her panties dropped to the floor.

I could hardly breathe as I watched her strip before me in the mirror.

Laura started to walk out of her room and walk down the hallway.

"You used to stare at me in every class we had", Laura said as she continued walking. "It used to make me so hot knowing that you wanted me."

Laura stepped out into the living room and smiled at me seductively.

"You did want me didn't you?" She asked with a cat that ate the canary smile.

"I...I...I...", was all I could manage. I was hoping my conversational acumen was not being tested.

Laura knelt down in front of me and began to undo my belt.

"There was nothing you could have asked of me that I wouldn't have done for you back then", Laura said as I raised my ass out of the chair, and she pulled my pants onto the floor.

"You looked at me then, the same way you looked at me tonight", Laura said in a lustful tone. "And I don't want to miss that look ever again".

Laura's head dipped into my lap and I felt her soft wet lips engulf my cock; her tongue delicately washing its length, and gently exploring the tip.

I sat back in the chair and ran my fingers through her hair urging her to continue.

Laura's mouth was as hot and wonderful as I had imagined. No, that's not fair. It was far better than I imagined. I started to buck in the chair.

Laura was fondling my balls and sucking me harder and deeper, urging me to cum. She fed on me and fed on my lust for her.

"Oh god I'm gonna cum in your mouth", I told her.

Laura's response was to slide her tongue up and down my rockhard shaft as her lips sucked relentlessly at my cocktip. I could feel my balls clenching, and I could almost hear the trigger cock back, as my semen prepared to launch. My hands grasped her hair tighter, pulling her down onto my rod, driving it even deeper.

Laura's right hand continued to fondle my balls but I could feel her left hand sliding under my ass to cup my right buttock. 

She began to knead my buttock in time to her sucking motions. I was in seventh heaven.

And there was no holding back. Thirty years of pent-up frustration. Thirty years of unrequited lust. And as the first volley of cum flew the length of my cock, I realized, thirty years of love, needed to be released. 

I think the first blast of sperm laden jizz took her by surprise. The volume and force made her pull back momentarily, causing one jet of cum to strike her on the bridge of her nose and upper lip, but she quickly recovered and attempted to swallow every drop she could.

Continuous blasts of thick, creamy spunk jetted out of my cocktip across her waiting tongue, but she did not release me until the last drop oozed from my, still hard, prick.

Laura laid back onto her living room carpet, splayed out for me; exposing herself like I had dreamed of thousands of times.

"Fuck me Don", she whispered. "Cum in me. Fill me".

I'll never forget the sensation of my cock sliding deep inside of her. Her pussy was everything I'd dreamed of. Hot, slippery, silky; the walls of her vagina massaged my prick, urging it to go deeper.

"You don't know how many times I thought of you fucking me", she whispered in my ear. "There wasn't a classroom. Gym class. I spent prom night dreaming of you fucking me like this. Please fuck me. Fuck me hard."

I had no intention of disappointing her so I drove harder and deeper. The feeling was indescribable.

"I always wanted to Laura I just couldn't", I said sadly. 

My feelings of remorse caused me to slow down and soften a bit.

Laura was having none of that. She placed her hands on either side of my face and made me look directly into her eyes.

"None of that", she said sweetly. "We have too much time to make up for, to be wasting it on what could have been. Now fuck me like you've always wanted to." And I did. Driving a stake deep into the center of her soul and staking my territory.

I pounded my cock into her as if this was going to be my one and only time. I could feel her body convulsing each time my shaft slid across her clit. Her fingernails buried themselves in my back egging me to drive harder.

When I came it was a monumental release of frustration, guilt, and cum. The frustration and guilt washed away, but the cum splashed deep inside of her, painting her cervix and vaginal walls in a volcanic eruption of white-hot spunk.

Laura's orgasm coincided with mine and made me shudder in pure enjoyment with her. She bit down hard on my shoulder as she shuddered and shook beneath me. I could feel the intoxicating warmth of her vaginal juices mingled with my cum, squishing and dripping from her. I was finally starting to soften but I knew that it wouldn't be long before I was ready to have her again.

Laura divorced John a short time later and since that day has gone out of her way to make my life everything it should have been over the past thirty years.