 While Chris was visiting me, the sex was practically non-stop. We did it on the front porch numerous times, the kitchen counter, the back patio, in the laundry room, and at least once in every room of the house, not counting the bedroom, where to count how often would be impossible. We could not get enough of each other. We were consumed with passion, and even when we were sore and tired from all the sex, we would do it again. 

In between those times, Chris and I talked about everything except where this relationship would go. Aside from words whispered during sex the first time, when he arrived, there was no more discussion of the matter, though I could tell that like me, Chris was thinking about it. 

In the most subtle manner I could, I tried to sell him on Louisiana. I took him into New Orleans, showed him all the sights, the bars, and briefed him on the history of this great state. I had him drinking mint juleps, eating real Cajun food, and learning how to understand the accents. 

Despite all the fun we had, however, the questions loomed over us like a dark shadow. At night, when we would finally go to sleep, we would hold each other with an intensity almost comparable to sex, each of us wanting to say something, but giving in to the silence. It became a source of deep frustration for me, and I knew that at some point before he left, we would sit down and have a serious talk. 

I had no idea that it would come about the way that it had.

It was early morning, and I had just called in for a substitute to cover my classes for the next three days, for Chris had four days left in Lousiana. We were still in bed, cuddling quietly, and my fingers were tracing over the skin of his thigh, teasing him into a hard-on. I had risen that day with a need to have him in my mouth, feeling his cock throb as he came down my throat. 

My fingers brushed over his heavy balls, producing a shudder from us both, and he leaned his head over to kiss me - one of those deep, wet kisses that could melt a glacier. I took hold of his cock, feeling it stiffen in my hand, squirming a little as the arousal built up within me. "I'm going to suck your dick," I told him in a soft whisper, licking and nibbling away from his lips, down his throat. 

He moaned low, stretching to allow me to kiss my way down his tattooed body. I was stroking his cock to full erection, the feel of it in my hands a pleasure in and of itself that made me a little crazy. 

The phone began to ring as I let my tongue linger over one of his nipples. "Ignore it," I whispered, letting my breath wisp over the rigid nipple. Chris quivered. 

I stroke more intensely, my grip tightening around the thick, rigid cock as the answering machine clicked on. The male voice was familiar, and though I tried to ignore it, it was sickening to me.

"Darlin', I need to talk to you. Meet with me this Saturday? It's important. I miss you." 

I felt the grip of strong hands on my shoulders as Chris pulled me up, and I lost my grip on him as his eyes bored into mine. "That's the ex boyfriend?"

I nodded, hating the ex boyfriend for ruining the mood. "Jeff's been trying to get me back since we broke up. That's his monthly call."

"Do you ever hook up with him anymore?" There was fear in Chris' expression. 

"We have lunch once in a while, but it doesn't go beyond that." I gave him a puzzled look. "You aren't worried, are you?"

He held me tightly to him for a long moment, kissing my neck lightly before he replied. "Of course, I am worried. I trust you, but considering how long it's been since you broke up, the idea of his still trying to get you back bothers me."

I raised my head, meeting his eyes. "He won't get me back, Chris, whether you are in the picture or not." I paused, sighing as I blurted. "What's going to happen once you are gone, Chris? What are we going to do about us?"

"Come to California," he replied, leaving a trail of kisses down the side of my face. "Come out and I swear you won't regret it. I just want to be with you. You make me happy. I want you to be happy with me."

My eyes filled with tears. "I have a career here. Five years in the school system. Why don't you transfer your credits to LSU. There's plenty of places you can work..." I stopped, my bottom lip starting to tremble. 

"My family. My mom has cancer..." he trailed off. "You can teach in California, can't you?"

"I'll think about it," I told him, meaning each word. "I don't want to be without you."

He nodded, his own eyes wet. "Do something for me, though, until that decision is made?"

"Anything."

"Let me have the peace of mind of knowing that you won't see your ex anymore-for any reason." He looked almost ashamed to ask it of me. "I'm not the jealous type normally, but I can't stand this, not when I'll be so far away."

Part of me was ready to agree. I had no desire to see him. Another part of me raged. "You don't trust me." It wasn't a question.

Two fingers pressed lightly to my lips, and he choked on his words, a tear escaping. "I love you. I've never felt this way for anyone, and it scares me because I don't think I can handle losing you. I look at you and my heart leaps. I touch you and it drives me crazy. Talking to you is easy, and you are so smart, so pretty, so perfect, that anything standing between us in any way is a perceived threat to the one thing I want and need most in the world right now. I know it's insecure. I know that it seems I don't trust you, but I wouldn't love you if I didn't trust you. Believe that if nothing else."

"You really love me?" I had to smile, and though all he said to me was touching, that he admitted his love for me was something I felt I could live on for the rest of my days. 

"Yes, I do. Don't think that I am not considering a move down here, either. It's just something we have to play by ear, I think. But not for too long." He kissed my lips gently. 

"I do love you, Chris," I told him. "And if it truly makes you feel at ease, I won't see him this weekend, though I would have said differently in any other situation."

"I want you all for me. He gets off on seeing you. He gets off on you. Anyone that persistent is capable of more, and I don't want anything to happen to you."

Chris hit a nerve. He was right. The ex had always been a little erratic in the stability department, but I did not confirm that fear. "I'm yours, no matter what," I said, silencing any response with a deep kiss, my hand slipping between his legs once more. He was hard again, and I wanted him in my mouth now.

I pulled away from the kiss, sliding myself on top of him in a classic 69 position. His tongue was between my legs immediately, and I took him into my mouth as deeply as I could, suckling his cock as though it were the last Pepsi in the desert. His hands slid up the backs of my thighs, pulling my ass cheeks apart even as his tongue stabbed into my pussy. 

I felt the shudder start deep from within. His tongue flickered in and out of my pussy with lightning speed, delving as deep as it could and then sliding slick along my swollen lips. I took him hungrily, jacking him off as I sucked, moaning around his cock and spitting on it, making it as slick as I was. 

We were in heaven. His thumb slipped into my ass as I came, and I never broke my own stride as I rode his face, the tickle of his morning stubble sending the release to new and different heights. My moans seemed to vibrate around his cock, and he tensed beneath me only a second before his seed shot into my mouth. I swallowed every last bit of it. 

But we weren't done. 

Chris very suddenly flipped me over on my back, looming over me as his fingers stabbed into my still sensitive pussy. "That ass is mine and I'm going to have it right now," he growled. "I want you to remember this every time that guy calls you."

His fingers slipped out, covered in my juices, and there was no tenderness involved when he swung my legs up onto his shoulders, leaning close enough to slip those same fingers deep into my ass. I cried out, the move unexpected, unable to help the squirming.

Never had I taken a cock up my ass, though the fantasy was there, and I could think of no one better to fulfill it than my sweet Chris. I watched with wide eyes as his cock worked itself into a semi-hard state, his other hand slapping lightly at my pussy, rubbing teasingly over my clit. 

"Have you ever taken it up the ass?" He asked me, looking briefly as though he might fear the answer.

"No," I breathed, the fear and anticipation in my expression cluing him in to the fact that I was being utterly truthful.

He finger fucked my ass with two fingers, slow at first, but building up speed. "Good, because it's mine to fuck. It's mine to tease. I love your ass."

I writhed, desire taking over any fears I had. He was rigid now, and when his fingers moved from my ass and his cock pressed forward, I knew that I could take it. "Go slow," I begged. 

He smiled down at me, pushing in slowly. The pain was almost too much. I started to beg him to stop, changing my mind four times before any words came out, but even those words were lost as the thick head of his cock slipped in. I screamed, squirming as he took me. I don't know that he would have stopped had I protested. It didn't matter. Once he was in, fucking me for all he was worth, I was loving it.

"Play with your clit for me," he gasped, slamming his cock into me mercilessly. "Touch those lovely tits while I fuck your ass."

I obeyed, the loss of control stimulating for me, sending electric shivers throughout my squirming little self. My fingers slid as they touched my pussy I was so wet, and as I began to rub fiercely at my engorged clit, my other hand cupping a breast, pinching at a nipple, I managed to gasp, "Like that?"

"Just. Like. That." The pain mingled with intense pleasure, and I loved it.

"Fuck me harder," I begged. "Hard as you can."

He complied, his cock sliding almost completely out and pounding into my ass roughly. My pussy was as wet as I had ever felt it, and I fixed my eyes on his. "Come with me. I want to feel you come in my ass while I am coming." I was so close now, and his eyes widened at my words. We had come together before, and my demanding it of him was all he needed to synchronize with me.

Hot sperm jetted into my ass as we both came. He never slowed his pace, and I never slowed mine. I was nearly hanging from his shoulders as I writhed through the most intense orgasm I had experienced to date. He was kissing the insides of my calves, licking and biting, whimpering as he finally slowed down, leaving himself lodged inside. 

"Mine," he whispered, breath hot on my leg. 

"Always." I breathed, smiling up at him.