 There was no backing out now. I was already on the freeway, headed for Orange County, my nerves wrought though I did not fully understand the reason. After all, I had never dated Chris in high school when I knew him. We had been nothing more than good friends thrown together because our parents were friends. At the time, I was taller than the cute little surfer boy, I had a boyfriend, and even if I hadn't had one, I doubt that Chris would have ever made a pass at me. 

Ten years later, our parents had arranged for us to hook up at a bar when I came to visit from out of state. It had been a pleasant surprise, for I had always liked Chris and gotten along with him, but now, I was having second thoughts about all of this, and I felt inexplicably nervous about the way I looked.

Not that I had changed all that much since high school. A tad plumper, a little more matured, but for the most part, I was still the same girl he knew. Clad now in black skin tight pants, a top to match, and a simple gray sweater jacket thrown over the ensemble, I knew that I looked good, but in the back of my mind, I wondered if he would think I had become a heifer.

Why I should have cared was lost on me. Chris and I had never considered romance, and with one day left in town, I was not about to start considering it, even if both of us were unattached and from all I had heard, he had grown up nice.

I found the parking garage all too quickly, and checking my hair in the rear view of the yellow PT Cruiser, I got out and hurried toward the bar. 

He was waiting for me outside.

Taller than me now, and more filled out, Chris looked good. He was dressed in a hooded sweatshirt that hid most of the sleeve tattoos, jeans, and a cap on his closely cropped brown hair, he still had the sweet smile and the cute little face that I remembered so well. His greeting hug was tight and warm, and I found myself giggling as we immediately began to talk about old times.

The bar was almost empty at this hour, for it was a week night, and we sat near the entrance, ordering a couple of beers as we began to catch up. 

I was immediately happy that I showed up. It was as though we had never missed a beat, when in fact we had missed a decade. We talked of old times, what we did after high school, and how we were doing now, discovering along the way that we still had a whole lot in common. We were through our second beer when he suddenly paused mid-sentence and stared at me in a manner that can only be described as appreciative.

"You really look great," he finally said, adding quickly, "I have run into girls from high school here and there, and it seems that they all let themselves go. What's your secret?"

I laughed, going a little red. "Thanks. I think the key is to pretend you are still eighteen. Obviously, you're doing the same."

He smirked, shrugging at the compliment, looking unsure of how he should respond. "I don't know about that, though I am pretty sure that I haven't grown up yet."

"Do we really ever?" I asked him. "Neither of us married or had kids. We're hanging out in a bar on a week night, and we're still trying to figure out whether or not our parents were smoking weed together."

He laughed. "I don't think that they were."

"They sent us outside way too often for me to be convinced," I replied. 

"I have a good nose for it. I never once smelled it in the house," he insisted, his eyes warm as he gave me a discreet looking over that I would not have noticed had I been a little more buzzed. I had not eaten much earlier, due to nerves, and now two beers had me feeling a tad tipsier than I normally might have, though I was by no means, drunk.

"I'm still not convinced. They were too stuck in the 60s at the time."

Chris finished his beer, ordering us both another round. "So you are leaving tomorrow?" He changed the subject knowing we would never agree on that fine point regarding our parents. 

I nodded. "I wish I had more time, but I have to get back to the daily grind in three days," I told him. "Too bad we didn't hook up on your day off. You look beat."

He nodded. "I am. I pulled twelve hours today, and I have to do it all over again tomorrow. Such is life."

"Well, I won't keep you, even though I told my parents that I might not return with their car until tomorrow," I winked, not sure if that would be construed as outright flirting or not. "I'll let you go home after this beer."

"You'll let me? How generous."

"I'm nice that way sometimes," I replied with a little grin.

And so we worked through the last beer, chatting away about the dumb little things that people talk about when they haven't seen one another in a decade. I did not want to leave, but I knew that Chris needed to make it an early night.

The three beers seemed to wash away enough of my initial worry about his thinking I was bovine, and though I was not drunk, I had imbibed just enough to let loose a bit and allow my confidence to show through. I don't know if it was purposeful or not, but when I rose to go to the ladies' room right before we left, I made sure he saw me strut in a way that I knew would get his attention. I was giggling to myself in the bathroom as I told myself that Chris had grown up all too nice, and that it was unfair that I should have to leave tomorrow without having a chance to see him again.

We continued to chat casually as we walked out into the parking garage. As a gentleman would, he accompanied me to my car, which by now, was alone on this level save for his own vehicle, four spots away. I unlocked the door.

"Chris, I can't tell you how glad I am to have seen you. Thank you." I gave him a tight hug.

He did not let go as he squeezed back, his lips near my ear. "I just wish we'd had more time," he replied quietly. 

"Me too," came my reply, nearly a whisper.

How that led to a kiss, I don't know. His lips were soft on mine, and the kiss was brief, but it did not seem to be enough for either of us. The next thing I knew, we were making out sloppily, my back pressed against the Cruiser. 

"Hope security doesn't drive by," he murmured as his hands slipped under my jacket, sliding up my sides as he peppered my face and neck with little wet kisses. 

"As long as they keep going," I replied, feeling my arousal keenly as my underwear grew damp.

"Mm-hmm," he agreed, reaching a hand to open the car door. He pushed me gently into the driver's seat, moving it back as he dropped to his knees on the concrete. 

Our eyes met for a brief moment, communicating all that I needed or wanted to know as my face flushed hot. He wanted me, and I wanted him. Nothing was going to stop us right now.

His hands slid up my thighs, undoing my pants and dragging them down around my knees. Roughly, he pushed aside the crotch of the lacy, black thong, plunging his face between my legs with little ado. 

I moaned, his tongue like fire as it swept through the folds of my wet pussy and locked on my clit, suckling at it so that I had to balance myself with a hand on the steering wheel or risk melting into a pile of nothingness. His low murmur, unintelligible, served to send a warm vibration through the area, even as he worked two fingers into the soaked opening. I whimpered, helpless, my other hand reaching around to the back of his head, knocking away the cap and pressing him against me.

I knew that the orgasm would come quick. His tongue worked over my clit in a flittering motion that made coherent thought impossible, and his fingers pumped into me with all the patience that his tongue lacked. The contrast in speed was more than I could take, and I felt myself throb around his fingers as I came, panting, near tears, and breathlessly telling him, "Get into this car right now so I can fuck you..."

Chris pulled his face away, smiling up at me as I clamored to get into the back seat. He was in right after me, slamming the door shut behind him.

The windows were already fogged by the time I got us out of our pants. His cock was rigid as I prepared to mount him, my hand sliding along its length as I straddled him, pressing myself teasingly against the thick head. Oh, I had to have that.

Caught up in another deep kiss, tasting myself on his lips and tongue, he grabbed me by the hips and slammed me down onto him, the explosion of heat and pleasure as he filled me almost causing another orgasm. Pumping his hips up in a swift motion, I could not resist but to ride him as hard as I could move my hips, clit rubbing against his dark, soft pubic hair. 

Our breaths came quick, shallow, and his face was beaded with sweat as I took his cock and made it my own. I was grinding against him hard, hands gripping his strong shoulders, our mouths meeting wetly for panting kisses. 

His hands took hold of each ass cheek as he moved me on his cock, each grinding thrust harder than the last, my eyes widening and looking deeply into his own as I felt the next orgasm rip through me. He kissed me to muffle my cries as I lost myself in the oblivion that only such an intense orgasm can bring, making him shudder as muscle contracted around his fat cock.

He was moaning against my mouth, still thrusting his cock as far as it would go when I felt the second orgasm, a finger teasing, but never entering my ass. 

"You're going to come in my mouth, Chris," I managed to say. "I need you in my mouth. I need to taste that cock."

He smiled through the mixture of extreme pleasure and surprise at my words. "Then you'd better start sucking it now because this is making me crazy and I am about to blow."

I slowly pulled myself off of him, his cock wet in my hand as I positioned myself in the backseat to take him into my mouth. I ended up behind the passenger seat, on my knees, draped over one of his legs. My tongue slid upward from his ample balls, teasing over the head of his cock. I could taste myself on him, and it only made me want to feel him spurt in my mouth more.

He was trembling as I devoured him. With my head in his hands, he fucked my face, meeting my every downward bob roughly. I took him to the back of my throat, nearly gagging, but each time wanting to feel him there again. "You can't leave town tomorrow..." he was whispering. "It's not fair...oh, dear God..." 

Chris tensed sharply, and I took him all the way back, my eyes turned to his as his expression became almost startled. I fondled his balls as the first hot spurts of come fired into my mouth, and I swallowed hard, relishing in the taste of him and his writhing beneath me. I languidly licked him clean when he was done, his head tilted back in the seat as he worked to catch his breath.

Sweating, hot, and not caring, we kissed, and he held me for what seemed a long time, though we never spoke. 

Our farewell was a quiet, almost shy one, and we promised to keep in touch, exchanging emails and phone numbers. 

I was sorry to go. 

As I drove home that night, I wished I had noticed him in high school. Chris had turned out to be a good person, and in all spheres of being, he had grown up nice. Really nice. I wished that I did not have to go so soon. I wished I could have him one more time, if never again.

Perhaps that is what made the encounter so magical, though. Knowing that we might not see one another for ten years brought something out in each of us that might not have come out otherwise.

I may never know, and it was too much to ponder as the first song I heard on the radio upon reaching the freeway was Led Zeppelin's "Ten Years Gone."