 Sometimes it was so hard not to stare.

Staring is not cool -- especially when the person staring is the boss. But, sometimes, Brad couldn't help it. He was the Director of Marketing for a large medical center in Southern California. Kate was his assistant, and Kate looked amazing.

Brad met Kate almost two years ago after meeting her at a health policy conference. They were sitting in the back of a stuffy conference room in an overpriced Marriott near the White House, listening to an Assistant Secretary of HHS explain why hospitals were creating their own fiscal problems through their inefficiencies. Brad was rolling his eyes and looking down at his Blackberry when the lady seated next to him leaned over and remarked, "I remember Henry Kissinger saying that the best thing about being famous was that when you bored people at dinner parties they thought it was their fault." 

He smiled, looked up, and was momentarily stunned by the most dazzling pair of blue eyes he had ever seen. "Uh, so, are you feeling guilty?"

"Definitely. In fact, I was thinking of going to terrace bar for therapy. Interested?"

"Well, I know it's certainly no fun to think alone. I'm in."

For the next three hours, they talked, laughed, shared war stories, and solved most of the world's problems. He loved how her jet black hair fell across her face when she laughed and how her face ignited when she talked about writing. Aside from steamed crab and cold Pinot Grigio, writing was her greatest passion.

"Listen, I know this probably sounds crazy, but how would you like to come to California and go to work for a humble but brilliant hospital marketing executive who could use a passionate writer to help him reshape the image of a skilled medial center, surrounded by corporate behemoths?"

Kate cocked her head to the side, smiled impishly, and answered, "Maybe I should buy you a drink."

"If it's all the same to you," Brad deadpanned, "I'd rather have the cash."

Kate burst out laughing, and a team was born.

Over the years, they created a strategy for Bayshore Medical Center that positioned it as the hospital of choice for family-center care. The results were impressive. Admissions were up, the finances were turning around, and the people in the surrounding community began viewing Bayshore as an old family friend.

Now, they were on their way to another policy conference, but the experience would be bittersweet for Brad. The notoriety from their awards brought in a horde of job offers. Finally, Kate succumbed and accepted the position of corporate policy director for a hospital system in San Francisco.

"Who's the genius who scheduled the policy conference in Aspen in January?" asked an annoyed and shivering Brad.

"I know. You have cold weather," Kate replied. "But, look how beautiful everything is covered in white. It's like living in a snow globe."

Brad wrinkled his brow, "What happened to you? Have a few too many sugarplums for breakfast?"

"Don't be such a Grinch. I think it's exhilarating!"

"Let's just get to our rooms and try to thaw out," he said blowing into his cold hands.

"Checking in for the conference?" asked the desk clerk at the Lodge.

"Yes. Brad Griffin and Kate Morrissey," Brad replied.

The clerk started typing into the computer, and Kate walked around the lobby taking in the views of the majestic Rockies.

"Um, excuse me, what were the names again?"

"Brad Griffin and Kate Morrissey. Why? Is there a problem?"

"Well ... I see the reservation for Ms. Morrissey. I just don't have anything for a Brad Griffin."

"You've got to be kidding me," stated an exasperated Brad. "We made the reservations over a month ago."

"Yes, sir. I see that," replied the clerk. "I don't know what happened, but I simply have no reservation for you. To make matters worse, every room in Aspen is booked."

"What?!"

"The combination of the conference and the snow has made this a popular place this week."

"So, what am I supposed to do ... sleep in a cab?"

"What's the problem?" asked Kate after she clued into some sort of problem at the desk.

"They lost my reservation!" exclaimed Brad. "They have your reservation, but I'll be the one mushing in on a dog sled from the nearest igloo!"

The clerk was clearly uncomfortable because of the situation and his complete lack of any way to solve the problem.

"Listen ... don't worry about it. You can stay in my room," suggested Kate.

Brad looked at her in her in her light blue, form-fitting sweater, tight black pants and brilliant blue eyes; cleared his throat; and said, "But, we work together. That wouldn't be appropriate."

"Lighten up," she replied. "It's not like we have a lot of choice. What's wrong? Never been to a slumber problem?"

She then turned to the nervous clerk and instructed, "Give us two keys and please have our bags brought up to the room."

The clerk eagerly completed the check-in and handed over the keys.

"Come on, roomie," Kate said with a smirk.

The two of them took the elevator to the 6th floor and found their room. Upon entering, Kate broke into a wide smile when she saw the view and the balcony with a small gas fire pit in the corner.

Brad's eyes went immediately to the single king bed in the room. He swallowed hard. Kate turned and saw the look on his face as he stared at the bed.

"Hey, look. We're both adults. It's not like we planned this. We'll just have to make the best of the situation. Don't worry so much. Let's go exploring!"

She grabbed Brad's hand, and they went back to the lobby. The lodge had a complete spa with an outdoor Jacuzzi plus a eucalyptus sauna and massage services.

"This is what you need, mister. Let's sign up for a massage and meet outside at the Jacuzzi. That should relax you for dinner."

"But, I don't have trunks," Brad answered.

"Guess you need to visit the Spa store, then," Kate replied. "I'll get massage appointments for us."

The massage turned out to be a good idea. Brad opted for a hot stone massage, and the therapist remarked about how tense his upper body muscles were. For one thing, the treatment finally got rid of his chills. 

Kate opted for a herbal body wrap and came out to the Jacuzzi glowing from the combination of the wrap and the heated oil massage. When she laid down her robe before climbing into the Jacuzzi, Brad almost choked. It wasn't a secret that Kate had a great body, but Brad has only seen her in work clothes. Now, suddenly seeing her in her bikini left him speechless.

In college, Kate had been a champion tennis player, and she still played several times a week. Her long, slim legs rose up to athletic hips. Her calves were toned and firm. Her thighs were sinewy and smooth. Her B-cup breasts sat high above firm, flat abs. and her nipples strained against the thin material of her bikini top as the frigid Aspen air called them to attention.

"What?" asked Kate when she noticed Brad staring at her with his mouth hanging slightly open. "Did something spill on me?"

"Uhm, no," said Brad. "I was just thinking about something at work."

"That's a million miles away, Brad. Give it a rest. Oh, this feels great!" she exclaimed as she stepped slowly into the swirling soup.

Kate sank into the bubbling water and nestled down for a long soothing soak. When her leg brushed against his, he jumped.

"What's wrong with you today? You're like a kid on too much Kool-Aid."

"Yeah, I know. I'll try to relax. It's just, you know, the reservation screw-up, you leaving, having no replacement. There's a lot on my mind."

She smiled sympathetically. "Remember, I can still call and tell them you need some more recruitment time."

"No. That's not fair to them. You'd be a tough act to follow even if I had a year to recruit."

"You sure know how to make a girl feel good." She reached over and gave him a hug. He tried to return the hug in a normal manner, but he was turned his hips away so his long, stiff member wouldn't jump up to greet her.

They laid there for about 45 minutes just listening to the quiet before getting out to shower and change for dinner. Since they were both starving, Brad used the shower in the spa and told Kate he would meet her in the bar.

Dinner was fun. The lodge hired a guitarist and singer who played acoustic sets of Beatles music and songs from the classic days of rock. Kate even got Brad out on the dance floor. Once they got the ball rolling, other couples joined.

"You know, dear, it is so nice to see a young couple like you enjoying yourselves. Your husband looks at you the way Albert used to look at me," said a grandmother reading by the fire while her grandkids and daughter were out night skiing.

"Oh, we're not-" Kate started to explain.

"I still remember getting butterflies in my stomach when I'd walk into a room and see how he looked at me. It made me feel like a princess."

Kate smiled at her. "I'm sure it did. Is he still around?"

"Yes. In here," she answered, pointing to her heart.

"He must have been very special," Kate said.

"Nobody could ever make a woman feel more like a woman than Albert. But, I have to say, you didn't do so bad yourself."

Kate smiled and looked over at Brad. "No. No I didn't."

"Have a nice evening, dear."

"Thanks. You do the same."

Kate returned to the table distracted by what the woman had observed. It's not like she had never though about being with Brad. He had rugged good looks, similar to a young Robert Redford. He didn't go to the gym. Brad grew up on a ranch in New Mexico. He roped cattle, rode horses and worked hard every day keeping the ranch going.

These days, he kept up his skills by working as a ranch hand on a ranch about an hour and a half east of L.A. His blond hair was always just a little bit shaggy and unkempt, but in a good way. His broad shoulders, tanned arms and strong hands told you a lot about his passion for hard outdoor work. He had a quick wit and a tender, caring way about him. Whenever Kate was with him, she felt safe. 

She had to admit, she was more than a little impressed as she watched him dry off outside the Jacuzzi. But, Brad has always been the consummate professional. Always respectful; always appropriate. So, her thoughts remained just that ... thoughts.

"I'd like to thank everybody for coming out tonight. It's been a pleasure playing for you. I'm gonna end with my favorite Lennon/McCartney song," said the young troubadour, as he sang a soulful version of "Blackbird."

Kate pulled Brad onto the dance floor one last time. This time, however, something was different. He couldn't put his finger on it, but she seemed more resolute. She held him close and looked deep into his eyes. He tried to pull away before she felt his penis growing again. She wouldn't let him.

They didn't say a word during the dance or after the song ended. Brad simply signed the check, and they headed for the room.

"Listen, Kate, I need to tell you something a little embarrassing," Brad said. "I, uh, well, I don't have pajamas. I mean, I didn't expect to be sleeping in the same room, much less the same bed. I-"

Kate slowly walked over to him and put a finger against his lips. She didn't say a word. She just went into the bathroom. Brad wasn't sure what that meant. He heard water running as she brushed her teeth, washed her face, and got ready for bed.

When she opened the door, his mouth literally fell open. Kate was standing in the doorway completely naked. In his whole life, he had never seen anyone so beautiful. His eyes traveled down her long neck to her perfect breasts. He was mesmerized by the smooth curve and dark, rich nipples that reached out to him. As she walked toward him, his hand moved toward them as if it were a reflex.

His eyes moved down to her sensuous body. Her public hair was also black, and she had trimmed it close. It was shaved, but it was close. In the silhouette created by the bathroom light, he could see that her pussy lips were already starting to blossom and split. He watched as her ass swayed slightly as she walked to the side of the bed and started pulling back the covers. He watched as she bent down and followed the soft points of her breasts.

Kate looked up and smiled at the pronounced bulge in his jeans. "Bathroom's free."

The sound of her voice broke his trance. He swallowed and went to the bathroom to brush his teeth and throw a little cold water on his face. He sighed and walked out of the bathroom.

"Hmm ... Those boxers are gonna have to hit the dusty trail, cowboy." Then she laughed and added, "Besides they aren't doing a whole lot of good." Brad looked down and saw his very hard dick sticking out of the vent. "Off," she said as she raised one eyebrow and stared into his eyes. Brad stepped out of the boxers and tossed them on the dresser. He turned, and Kate saw him fully for the first time.

She stared at his 8 or 9 inches of thick, hard cock jutting out from his rock hard body. She wondered if he even had any body fat. She loved the way his heavy balls clung to his body and his penis throbbed to the beat of his heart. Brad didn't have a lot of chest hair, but the blond hair on his gorgeous legs was fairly thick.

"God you are beautiful," she said as much to herself as to him. "It's getting might lonely over here, cowboy. Why don't you mosey over?" She threw back the covers and patted the mattress beside her.

"Kate, are you sure—"

"I have never been surer of anything in my life. You are the sexiest man I have ever met. I think I fell in love with you that first afternoon when we left that gasbag in the conference. I just never imagined I'd ever have a chance to do anything about it."

Brad climbed in beside this goddess, took her face in his hand and slowly kissed her. As the kiss continued, he moved beside her and drew her close to him. She put her hand around his cock and pulled closer. They kissed for a long, long time. Deep, soulful kisses. Their tongues seemed to devour each other.

"You feel so good and big and hard," she said.

"I don't remember ever feeling this excited -- about anything!" He kissed her more passionately, pushing her down on the pillows and moving on top of her.

He held her breasts and gingerly pinched her nipples. Then, he broke off the kissed and engulfed her right breast. He licked her breast and ran his tongue roughly around her nipple, drawing it into his mouth and sucking, while the tip of his tongue ran up and down the underside.

"Oh, god, that feel good," she moaned. 

He kissed her again, harder and more urgently and moved his hand down to her silky, wet thighs.

"I have loved you for so long. That's why I could never keep a relationship going. Every other woman I met seemed boring and empty compared to you." She put her arms around his neck and pulled him into hot, wet kiss and held him there for a long time. It was the first time her hand left his penis.

When she finally broke for air, he looked at her and smiled ... a big, happy, content smile. He moved down her body to get a close-up view of her delicious pussy. He gently parted the lips and took a deep breath of her scent.

"If you smell this good, I can't wait to taste you."

Then, he laid the broad side of his tongue on her soaking pussy and ran it up the entire length. Kate stiffened and breathed deeply as his tongue moved along her clit. For a few minutes, he just immersed his senses in her sex. Her taste, her smell, her feel, her look. As his tongue continued to explore her ravishing vagina, he glanced up at the look of sheer ecstasy on her face. Her eyes were closed, and she bit her lower lip. Her breathing was rapid and came in bursts.

As he started to concentrate on her inviting clit, he stuck one, then two fingers into her tunnel. He reached up and rubbed her G-spot as he ran his tongue rapidly around her engorged clit.

"Oh, Jesus, please don't stop. Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh fuck, that feels amazing."

He smiled to himself and used the very tip of his tongue to quickly flick the edge of her clit. Then, he went in for the kill and took her clit into his mouth and tenderly sucked it.

"Oh, Jesus!!" She screamed, as her body began writhing and shaking. Her orgasm seemed to last forever. When the tension finally started to drain out of her, he lightly released her clit and pulled his soaking finger out of her pussy.

"Oh -- my -- fucking -- God!" she said as she tried to catch her breath. "That was amazing. I don't know where you learned all of that, but I want to enroll in the course."

Brad smiled widely as he looked at her beautiful, sweat-covered face. "I'll put in a good word with the dean for you."

"I appreciate that, but first, I need to take my qualifying test." As she got up to move to Brad throbbing cock, she had to stop briefly to regain her composure.

"I'll be honest, I may not last very long. I feel like my dick is going to explode."

Kate grinned. "We'll see."

She moved over his cock and started spreading saliva all over it. She began tenderly rubbing his balls while she ran her tongue up his length. His dick was beautiful. His shaft was absolutely straight and smooth with small veins hugging it in all directions. The head of his dick was a perfect crown. She was amazed at its girth, since it didn't have curves or bulges. Her fingers could just barely touch when they were wrapped it. She was already leaking at the thought of how it was going to feel inside her.

Since the head was relatively small, Kate was able to get most of his cock in her mouth as she started moving her tongue up and down.

"Kate, Kate, Katie, Kate ... I'm not going to last long," Brad managed to blurt out. Kate took the clue and started sucking fiercely while she rubbed his balls. The sound of her lips and tongue moving hurriedly up and down his hot, hard shaft was also driving him crazy. Everything about this woman was perfect.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck me!!" Kate felt his body stiffen and his balls draw even tighter as she prepared herself for the onslaught. The first, hot, salty blast hit her throat with a vengeance. She swallowed quickly and prepared for the next burst.

Brad felt like his entire inside were exploding out. Wave after wave of pleasure surged over him. He came so hard and fast, that Kate was overwhelmed and let his cum spill out of her mouth and down her chin. Finally, his body went limp, and he let out a deep sigh.

"Well?" she asked.

"Well, what?" he asked behind closed eyes and heavy pants.

"Do I qualify, silly?"

"Oh, yeah. You'll be on a full ride."

Brad slowly opened his eyes and looked at her grinning, cum-covered chin. "Do you always cum this much, cowboy?"

"I don't think I've cum this much in my whole life put together."

"Hmmm ... then how are we gonna get you ready to get back in the saddle, 'cause my pussy's ready to eat that handsome dick of yours for a long, long time."

"Believe me, I won't need much time to recover for you."

Brad sat up and shook his head to get the blood flowing to something other than his cock. He then retrieved a warm wash cloth and cleaned Kate's face.

"I hope I didn't gag you."

"I managed. I've just never seen anyone cum that much."

"Ms. Morrissey, I'm just getting warmed up."

Brad pushed her back up on the bed and began a series of sweet, rich kisses that had Kate leaking pussy juice all over the bed. It didn't take long for Brad dick to regain it's full attention.

He stopped kissing her and moved his cock to her pussy and ran his head up and down her slick opening.

"Ready for your entrance exam, miss?"

Kate just smiled and bit her lower lip. Brad kept staring right in her eyes as his stone penis began its charge. He moved slowly be steadily as he let her pussy adjust to him. He never broke eye contact, both to deepen their connection and to watch for any sign of discomfort.
