 The full moon spilling its glow through the large window was the only light in the room. The only noise the rush of the cars on the road. And there she stood leaning with her side against wall looking down to the street below. Her long white satin slip hugged body. The moonlight cast shadows framing the curves of her hips and breasts. She looked lost standing there, almost sad. Watching the city move below her, as if waiting for something or someone. 

Absorbed in her thoughts she didn't hear the door knob rattle. He entered quietly the vision of her standing in the moonlight stopped him dead in his tracks. She looked incredible, sexual energy exuded from her without any effort. He wished she knew how amazing she looked.

A small moan escaped his lips as his body started to react, she turned and looked at him. A smile appeared on her face when his presence was realized. She loved the way he looked standing on the other side of the room, jeans and a t-shirt, his well toned body obvious through is clothing. She could feel the heat start to rise.

He walked over to her; still no words had been spoken. Taking her face into his hands he looked into her green eyes, seeing her lust for him, but deeper he saw her sadness. He knew he could make her forget, even just for a short time. He lowered his mouth and tasted her sweet lips. 

The kiss gentle, soft turned into wanting, greed and lust. Her body melted, pushing herself hard against him. He moved his hands to her shoulders and slid the thin straps of her slip off her milky skin. The satin floated to the floor leaving her bare for him.

She trembled as the air rushed over her naked skin, as his mouth searched out her tongue. Tongues dancing in the heat of their mouths. Their hands now caressing each others body. She took hold of the bottom of his t-shirt, breaking their kiss she lifted it over his head. Smiling at her as she took hold of his jeans, undoing them with very little effort as she had done many times before.

Letting them fall to the floor he stepped out of them, kicking them out the way. Pulling her into him once more, the flesh of their naked bodies melding into one, kissing again. He ran his hands down her body over the curve of her tits, down to her hips. His hard cock pushing against her stomach. Soft purrs escaped her throat through the passion of the kiss.

She started to lower her body, sink in her knees. Kissing across his strong shoulders, while her hands rested on his chest, she lowered slowly down his body. He threw his head back and growled as her teeth lightly dug into his skin. As much as he craved her mouth, wanted her lips around his hard cock, he grabbed her under the arms and pulled her back on to feet.

He tipped his head and kissed her neck, he could feel her pulse quicken under his mouth. His hands moved across to her full tits, he cupped them, bringing them up to his wet mouth. Taking in her stiff nipples one at a time, licking and biting until she moaned in pleasure. 

Moving lower, licking down her stomach, across her hips. Finally on his knees he took hold of her arse and pulled her wet pussy to his hungry mouth. His tongue tasting her, finding her heat. Her hands took hold of his shoulders as her body weakened under the movement of his tongue exploring the inner depths of her body. Her clit throbbed as the ache deep in her pussy developed. 

His tongue lapped up her delicious juices flowing free from her wanting pussy. Her clit hard as he flicked it with his finger, the bud trying to retreat into her body but wanting the sensation at the same time. She could feel the climax begin building in her body.

The fire coursing through her as his mouth continued its assault, and now entering two fingers hard into her body searching for the spot the made her his. He could feel her wetness over his face, running down her pale pink thighs.

While his fingers worked her his lips took hold of her clit licking slightly. She screamed, her body surrendering to him. Dropping her hand to his head she thrust her hips forward as her body finally released the ache she had been holding onto.

Tasting her cum into his mouth made his body shudder, listening to her screams turn to purrs sent tingles straight to his groin, his cock aching even more so. His need for her was almost instinctive, the way their desires merged. He couldn't wait to feel his cock deep in the heat of her pussy.

She came so hard it almost hurt, her body shaking. He rose to his feet looked her in the eyes as he had earlier. But this time the green of her eyes sparkled, showing abandonment, her surrender. The sadness now gone from behind her eyes stirred his soul, awakened him. Taking her face into his hands he kissed her deeply.

She wrapped her arms around him, his ability to take her away from it all held her in awe. His presence lifting her up to heights she had one only imagined. Taking hold of her hands he lead her to the bed where the endless pleasure would continue. His soft moan broke the silence as he imagined her hands and mouth on his impatient body. His time was now. She smiled at him knowing his thoughts.