 We laid all over pillows for some time and just try to get back on earth. I knew girls are not quite satisfied yet. I stand up and went to the shower. I left the hot water to flow over my body, closed my eyes and simply enjoy. I heard nothing as water passed my ears and at some moment I felt someone touching me.

I felt it was women's hand and I did not care which ones so I just stay there and let her do with me whatever she wants. Touches were known to me to good so I was sure it was Jane. She took a soap and washed me slow and gently. I truly liked that feeling.

Her hands travel over my body down to my dick. She washed it so carefully like it would be made from glass and her lips kissed its head gently like kissing a butterfly.

Her hands moved slowly while tongue was making circles just at heads start. Sucking and licking made it harder and harder until it was hard and ready for some hot and wet pussy. 

I opened eyes and I saw Jane was the one that was playing with me. We had enough of other bodies, we just want to feel each other.

I pulled Jane to stand up and lift her hands up to a shower head, took a soap and start to wash her.

I pressed my body against her and we enjoyed close to each other, enjoyed in that skin to skin contact, enjoyed in that simple fact we are together.

We were breathing slow, relaxed. I felt hard standing nipples and soft skin of a gorgeous girl pressing against my body, I felt that need of us being together in that moment.

We did not talk at all. The sound of water flow was the music for our ears. Jane lower her hands and put them around on my back and I did the same with mine.

We stand there like that when Li stepped in. She came to us and kissed me. 

"Please Li, I want to be with my girl, " I said gently and she kissed me, took a towel and left the bathroom. 

"Thank you!" said Jane in gave me a deep kiss. 

My hands found its resting point on Janes' buttocks. They did fit so perfect on that rounded part...

We were one. One body, one arm, one great feeling. ONE.

We washed each other and without being wiped Jane took my hand and guide me to our bedroom. I saw in a living room that Li and Helen really worked hard on Peter while Rosie played with self-holding dildo. Usually, I would tend to join but this time I just want to be with Jane.

She locked the room door as we entered to guaranty us to be uninterrupted. 

"I want you to be just mine and I'll be just yours," said Jane and hug me. 

I kissed her like I would kiss her first time.

"I will love you, " I said, "I'll give you all the love you need, dear!"

Jane moved back and laid on her back and I started to kiss her belly and went upper over her breasts. I touched her gently, as gently as possible. 

"I like playing with your boobs! They fit my hands perfectly!"

"You can play as much as you like! Lick them, suck them! You can do whatever you want!"

"And your pussy, your pussy is like best cake!" I added and gently licked her over pussy entry and clit.

I was eating her wet pink pussy while she played with her boobs and nipples. I started to finger fuck her.

"Yeah, you are amazing! You lick me so good! Eat my pussy! "

"I like your wet pussy taste! I'll torture you until you cum!" 

Saying that I add another finger and start to stretch her flower. 

I moved to her head and whisper into her ear, "I'll fuck you so strong you will remember for life!"

"Yes, I'm all yours! Fuck my pussy! Tear it with your dick or fuck my ass! Whatever you want!"

I licked her and fucked her like this.. slowly but with power. My hand was totally wet. 

"Girl you are so wet!"

"You made me be!" she said and put her arm on my hairs.

A added finger by finger and at some point, I made a fist and push it into like hell horny pussy.

"Ahhhhhh! Yes! That feels so good! Stretch me! Ahhh!"

I moved my fist slowly, in and out.

"Aaaaaa! Hmmmmm!" moaned Jane from the joy she had. 

Every move I made produced her a joy, a lot of joy. I watched how her pink skin is stretched but with so much wet fucking her like that was easy.

"Yes more! More! More! Moooooore!" was coming from the other bed's side. 

So I pushed a little more. while kept licking her clit... and that was all that she needed. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaaa! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Yes, yes! Do that to me! Yes!"

She screamed when orgasm flowed through her vanes and squeezed pussy so strong I was not able to move my hand anymore. I knew that scream good from the past already.

I knew she needs some pause so I was just still. Slowly I moved my hand out from here still shaking body. 

With my dick so hard I could braking nuts with it I stand up and I took a bottle of wine that was there from I don't know when.I took a long sip to final passed it to her.

"That was great! You have taken a good care of me!" said Jane, "Good care for us, me and my pussy!"

"I like taking care this way!" I whispered in her ear.

She pushed me away so I finished on my back. 

She set herself over me in one of ours favourite 69 positions. We like it both as she can jerk and suck my dick while I can enjoy the view on her ass and play with her pussy.

Just like I fucked her slow before she jerked my dick slowly, following her hand with her mouth. I felt the heat of her mouth, her tongue on my dicks head.

She took it deep almost to my balls. 

"Girl you must be a whore in past life! You suck my dick so good!"

She moved a little lower and put my dick between her breasts and used them to jerk it. 

"Ahh, girl! That feels good!"

She moved even lower and my dick found its position between her legs just at pussy entry. She starts to rub her clit and cunt on my stone hard dick. 

"What about that? How does that feel? "

"Baby, that feel is excellent! Look how wet you are! My dick is all wet from your juice!"

She continued rubbing her when I just little pushed it in front to make it slid in her pussy.

"Ahh.." she said when dick slid into her flower and when she set herself upright dick slid into down to my balls.

Her tight pussy hugged my dick and she moved up until it almost falls out. Slow up and slow down. Amazing feeling for both of us.

Her hand found its position on her clit and her fingers played with it. 

"Ahh! Yes! Fill me!" 

I hold her buttocks and help at lifting up. Amazing feeling she made even better when she turned on a side. so I could reach both her breasts and her buttocks.

I took over playing with clit while she moved her hand back to her ass. I watched how her finger slid in her gorgeous ass. I knew that way she will not need long until she would finish. But I wanted to last more.

"Slow down, sweetie, take a rest a little!" I said when I saw her to be close to finish.

She stopped moving and just sat there with my dick deep in her flaming pussy. I felt she continue to play with her ass by moving her finger in and out.

"You like your ass to be filled more those days, " I said and watched moving of her hand.

"Yes, makes me feel so good!"

"Turn around and show me! Let me see how you do that!"

She raised from my dick and reposition her ass just in front of my eyes and kept fucking her ass with her finger.

"You see good now?" she asked smiling and add a finger to her ass.

"I like that view sweetie! I like that view a lot!"

"Now you do that to me!" she ordered and moved her arm away from her ass.

I licked her pussy in that position and start to fuck her ass with two fingers. 

"Ahhh!Uhhh!" she moaned all the time.

From somewhere she got the black dildo and start to push it into her pussy. I felt how it was stretching it and that makes me want to fuck her even more.

I stopped licking her and gently pushed her down to my dick. 

"Look at me!" I said and she turned to me. 

My hand travelled to her clit and played with it.

"I like that black-white combination, that black dildo in your white pussy!" 

"Me too! But I like something even more!" she said and start to move her ass over my dick.

"Take it!" I said and lifted my heaps.

She watched me and pushed her ass on my dick. 

"Ahh! Fuck! Every time you stretch me so good! Ahh! Can't play anymore! Take my dildo dear! "

She moved her hands on my ankles and I reached for a dildo. Then she started her wild dance that in past days she danced so many times. 

My dick travel in and out from her ass and very reentering brings me closer and closer to my finish. I pushed dildo stronger and in total sync with her moves on my dick but the opposite. When she lifted from dick I pushed dildo deep in her pussy and took it out when my dick went deep into her ass.

"Oh, like you would have to dicks! Good! Good! Fuck me more!"

Her moves become faster and I followed them by fucking her pussy same speed.

"Yes! Ride my dick! Ride like crazy! Fuuuuuck me!" 

And she did. She moved her heaps front and back so fast I was not able to follow her with dildo anymore. I was really close when she changed moves back to up down over whole dick. From head to balls.

"Can't hold it! I'll cum! I'll fill that ass of yours! Fuck me! Yes! Yes! Yeeeeees!"

And I did. I filled her ass and she continues to move until she finished also. A few minutes later we were still both catching the breath from the amazing finish we had.

"I never fucked your ass so much as this week! Great week!"

"I need it to be filled now and then!" she smiled back to me.

We fucked almost the whole night. When morning came I left bedroom first. My dick was in pain from all that sex, from her tight ass and pussy.

Rosie was laying on pillows with her legs still wide open and I bet her pussy was still wet. Our guests were not there anymore. Just a paper with short notice.

"Thanks!" and their names and phone numbers under that.

I knew we will never meet again. We packed later and left the house. We never talked about that week neither repeat anything. It was just our sweet secret... until now. :)