 Following on from the fun and frolics I had enjoyed down at Ron's, Louise and her partner got in touch via Ron.

They had planned a trip up to Scotland to see some of the Commonwealth games in Edinburgh(diving events) and asked if we were anywhere near.

Geography isn't their strong point clearly, but after a telephone call it was arranged that they would come up for a visit for a night and day after they had been to the events they had tickets for.

Frank had passed Ron's message on and I cancelled my plans with my friend Tracey for the weekend, I knew I was in for a real treat with Louise again.

Tracey got the hump a bit with me, we had planned a double date with her latest 'boyfriend' and his brother...That would have to wait.

The kids were away on camping trips with their schools as part of some summer camp fun, so I had the place to myself, Mike was away for a long weekend with work, so I planned to meet Louise and Simon with Frank. Bill and one of their good friends Peter would join us later.

They got the train from Edinburgh up here to Inverness and we met them at the train station.

Louise had dressed the part already and on picking them up Frank couldn't believe how pretty she was. I had told him as much after my trip to Ron's, but he clearly hadn't expected such a 'stunner' as he called her.

She had worn a short summer dress for the journey, pale blue in colour and about mid thigh length. Her tanned and toned legs were a sight to behold and I was fucking creaming myself at the anticipation of the fun we would be having over the next night and day.

They were both a bit nervous as we met them, but a quick round of introductions, some charm from Frank and a wee kiss on the cheek from me seemed to break the ice.

We decided to go out for a meal on meeting them, Mikes treat(he's such a generous husband,)so we all headed to a lovely local Italian where we enjoyed some delicious food, more flirting and got to know each other a bit better.

We hadn't chatted much down south, most of our time had been taken up with the dogging in the woods and then to amazing gang fun at Ron's. Louise and I had both had our mouths full of cock for most of the time and hadn't had a natter!

On getting to know them better it was great to find we all hit it off. Louise had always enjoyed sex and admitted to being a bit 'easy' at school with a bit of a reputation, rather like myself, she however had always enjoyed female company and admitted to having had a steamy lezzy relationship with one of her mums friend for a while.

I could tell the talk was getting her hubby and Frank excited as we nattered about how much fun we had both enjoyed with Ron and the gang, Louise saying the highlight for her had been our 69 session and licking the guys spunk from each others faces as well.

My knickers were fucking sodden by the time we finished our meal and coffees.

I had decided to be quite conservative for meeting them , and was now regretting it! If I hadn't had a pair of jeans on I would have had my hand up my skirt having a little diddle with myself under the table!

Louise admitted that her hubby had been rubbing her leg and she was also getting turned on and was feeling randy as fuck.

We told them that we had 2 older male friends who would love to meet them and they both readily agreed, Louise saying that I had obliged by entertaining the English, now it was her turn to make sure some Scottish beef got its rewards as well.

Once we were in the car, Simon sat in the front with Frank whilst Louise and I made ourselves comfy in the back. It wasn't thong before we were holding hands and then she took the initiative by giving my ear a playful licking, something that always gets me fucking horny!

I reciprocated and soon we were kissing each other deeply. After a short snog fest, the kiss turned to some heavy petting and our tongues were slipping and slopping into each others mouths. Simon and Frank tried to get good views in the mirror as we kept on going. My hands wandered up her dress and I took my time lingering over her slim and silky smooth legs. 

I worked my way slowly up her dress as she willingly parted her legs for me, placing a foot up on the backseat.

"Go on Anna love, get your hands and fingers working if you want too," she urged.

I was absolutely dripping wet and she was rubbing my crotch through my jeans, damn I wish I had worn a skirt!!

I found my way to her panties and felt her gusset, it was hot, wet and her knickers were sopping too.

I slowly rubbed her through her blue knicks, nice lace ones as she moaned and tossed her head back. As I continued to rub around her clit, I felt her button hardening and Louise was rolling her head around, her hair tousling around her face. I kissed her hard again as she rammed her tongue deep into my mouth

"Oh she's getting close," Simon said. "She always gets her head moving when she's about to cum!"

"I'm very close Anna," she told me breaking off our deep Frenching.

"Fucking hell. Pop a couple up me if you can love," she said. "And I will work on my clit. Oh fuck that's good. Oh fuck," she added.

Two of my fingers had now worked my way up the side of her panties, and I was now knuckle deep up her creamy young gash.

"Oh fuck!" she cried again as I began to rhythmically slide in and out of her frothy gash.

"I'm fucking cumming!" she informed us. No shit!

She was fucking soaking wet and as I slipped and slopped up her tight cunt, she rubbed faster and faster around her rock hard clit.

"Fucking hell she's soaking!" I told the guys. "Her fucking twats hot as hell."

"My cocks hard as hell!" Frank said laughing as he was driving.

"Just you keep your eyes on the road," I laughingly said to him.

Louise then continued writhing against my hand and fingers.

"Oh Anna, I'm cumming so much. Fucking hell I want you so bad," she told me.

"I want you too," I said back. "We are gonna drain these guys balls dry and I can't wait to get my tongue and hands all over you," I truthfully said.

I couldn't believe how wet she was getting. I know I gush and squirt like fuck, but christ she was wringing, the back seat was awash with her juices, a clear wet patch drooling all over the seat cover and her dress.

As she finished cumming, we had the most wonderful and sensual kiss. Really taking our time to explore each others mouths and tongues.

The start to the fun had been hot and the rest of the drive home was spent anticipating the ensuing fun and games.

Louise and I had hit it off instantly and I could tell that we would be getting down and dirty a lot more over the coming weekend.

Once back it was a case of settling them into the spare room, a few glasses of wine and beers for the guys as we waited for Bill and Peter to arrive.

Louise and I had asked if we could maybe have a bit of open air fun as we had both enjoyed the dogging session where we had first met.

The plans were quickly made and we arranged to all head up to the local woods after a few drinks and a bit of playing indoors.

Louise had changed into the tiniest of white mini skirts. She kept her gorgeous legs bare and wore a see through white top with no bra, over this she popped a jacket for going out to the car for travelling.

Her panties, if you can call them that were the tiniest of a white thong. She wore a real stripper's pair of see through heels to top the look off.

I had plumped for a white suspender and bra set, white heels and matching laced panties.

For once I could tell I wasn't the centre of attention!

Once we had all got to know each other and Bill, Peter and Frank had spent time with Simon it was out to the car and off to the woods for our first bit of outdoor fun.