 You know Louise is into you from very early on. It's all the times when you sit together at lunch or in a bar after work and she finds a way to bring sex into the conversation, then holds your gaze for just a split second longer than she should, the hint of a smile on her lips. It's when the two of you are in close proximity, talking, and you notice that she's flushed around her throat and collarbone or self-consciously adjusting her bra strap. It's the electricity that passed between you that time that her thigh accidentally touched yours under the table. 

The other thing that you know about Louise is that she has a boyfriend, Scott. Louise has been with Scott since she was 17. They have lived together for years. Because of this, you don't know if anything is going to happen with Louise; you don't know if you want to make anything happen. 

The conference will be the test. You know it. You will be staying in the same hotel. There will be dozens of people from the company there, so it won't look too conspicuous if the two of you spend a lot of time together. After all, you're friends, aren't you? There will be a dinner on the last night, and wine will be drunk. Do you want to take things all the way? Does she?

As it turns out, you don't see that much of Louise for most of the conference. When you do, there are meaningful glances, mutual smiles, rushed and slightly awkward small talk. When the dinner on the last night comes around, you are sat at different tables and you can barely see her. But once the tables have been cleared and people are moving around, looking for their friends, heading for the bar or the dance floor, you take your glass of red wine and you join Louise's group. 

You are sitting opposite her. Her brown hair has been styled so that it falls in waves down the side of her face. Her creamy skin contrasts with her black dress and dark red lipstick. But you are only dimly conscious of all that, because all you can see is the fire in her eyes and the warmth of her smile. Eventually, the man sitting next to you leaves and as you continue in conversation, you see Louise out of the corner of your eye, standing up and walking around the table. She sits down next to you. 

From that point on, you turn away from the rest of table and talk only to each other. Soon, the subject of sex comes up again, but you have each had just enough to drink for it to become personal. Louise tells you that she was a virgin when she met Scott, and that he is the only man she has ever been with. They were young then - she was still a teenager and he was only a few years older. Now she has just turned 30 and she doesn't know where things are going. He shows little interest in her. He is in and out of badly paid work, dependent on her financially. They never have good sex; they rarely have any at all. She thinks he has probably cheated on her; if he hasn't, he wants to.

You listen to Louise and feel the temptation to step in, to try to show her that you are the answer to her problems, but you resist. She is wrestling with the question of whether she is going to be unfaithful to the man she has been with for well over a decade, the only man she has ever slept with. You do not want to put pressure on her to make that decision. It is hers alone. 

Finally, Louise says "I think I deserve more. I want to enjoy the rest of tonight, and I don't want to spend it alone." Quietly, the two of you leave. Nobody notices you going. You walk in silence to her room.

Once you are inside, Louise turns to you and smiles. She tells you she is going to have a shower, and you decide to make yourself comfortable on the bed, your mind running wild with thoughts of what is about to happen. A few minutes later she emerges from the bathroom, her cheeks a little flushed, in a white hotel robe. Not wanting to wait any longer, you stand up, take her in your arms and kiss her. And then she sighs deeply and in one barely perceptible motion her robe is on the floor and then your hands are on her soft, bare skin. They move over her shoulders and into her hair as your hungry mouths devour each other. Then they move slowly down her back to her waist, and as you grip her buttocks you feel her move even closer to you, her breasts pressed against your chest through your shirt. You undress and lead her to the bed. 

She lets you take control, relaxing a little as you lay her on her back and caress her with your lips, kissing her neck, her chest, her breasts, her belly, up the inside of each thigh as you gently spread her legs apart. She murmurs in anticipation of what comes next, and then your head is between her legs, your lips and tongue softly going to work. You explore her pussy inside and out, feeling the heat her body gives off, savouring the taste of her, luxuriating in her pleasure. You take care and take your time. When it comes, her orgasm sends a ripple of pure fulfilment through your entire body. 

After that, things start to blur around the edges. She pushes you onto your back and you feel her move down your body, her hair brushing against your skin. She takes the shaft of your cock in her hand, tugging at it gently, and her lips and tongue begin to dance around on the tip. And then she takes it all into her mouth, licking and sucking it lovingly.

Now you know you need to be inside her. You stop her, and lay her on her back once more. You get on top of her, spread her legs wide. She looks you in the eyes, almost begging for the moment that you enter her. She gasps as you ease your cock into her hot, tight pussy. You pin her hands back behind her head as you thrust into her faster and faster, kissing her lips and neck as you do. Finally, you get her legs up over your shoulders and fuck her hard and deep. You stare into each other's eyes and both moan as you smack against her until, heart racing, breathless, you explode inside her.

Louise lies there, her head on your shoulder, your arm around her, as you get your breath back. "I needed that so badly", she tells you as she looks up at you. You smile and kiss her. It's not long before she falls asleep. 

The next thing you remember is waking up to feel Louise nuzzling against the side of your head. You begin to become aware of her hot breath on your face, the warmth of her naked body pressed against you. Her hand moves across your chest. You roll towards her and into a series of long, deep kisses. Your hands are in her hair, and then quickly all over her. "I want you inside me again", she whispers into your ear, and then she's on top of you, your hands running up and down her thighs as she grinds against you for a few moments and then eases herself on to your cock with a gentle murmur of satisfaction. You breathe deeply, feeling the moist warmth of her pussy. As your eyes adjust to the darkness and moonlight creeps in through the curtains, you can see glimpses of her hair, her face, contorted with pleasure, her breasts. Your hand moves down from her collarbone, pausing briefly to stroke a nipple, and across her belly. She gasps as your finger finds her clit and goes to work. Gradually, her bucking gets faster and harder as she pleads with you "don't stop" and you feel yourself getting closer to coming. Finally, she reaches orgasm, tearing your hand from her pussy as she can't take any more. You hold her by the hips, drinking in her moans and gasps. After a brief pause, a few hard, fast thrusts up into her and you erupt inside her. She collapses on top of you and, your arms around her, you kiss ravenously before she rolls away. It takes very little time for you to fall asleep again. 

The next thing you know it is morning. You come round to the sound of Louise getting out of bed and walking to the bathroom. Your surroundings and the events of the night before swim back into your consciousness. You hear the shower running. Images of Louise flash through your mind, and you become aware that once again your cock is rock hard. 

You throw back the duvet, jump out of bed, and gently open the bathroom door. Louise doesn't see you, so for a good ten seconds you just watch her standing naked under the running water, your heart racing, your cock pulsating. You walk over and open the shower door, taking her by surprise and startling her for a moment. Then she laughs and gives you an inviting smile. You step into the shower, grabbing her by the hips to pull her close to you and kissing her. Your cock is pressed against her belly, your hands running over her wet skin, down her back and onto her buttocks. You slip your hand between her legs. She gasps softly as you ease your index finger into her. Her pussy is soon wet. 

She giggles and says "we can't, we've got to meet the others for breakfast." "We'll have to be quick then", you tell her, and with that you spin her round and bend her over against the tiles. The water runs down her back and splashes off her backside. She gives a little moan of anticipation, and then something approaching a grunt as you put your hands on her rear and enter her from behind. You smack against her hard, enjoying the sight of her buttocks jiggling with every thrust. The confined space of the shower amplifies the sounds of her moans and your bodies slamming against each other. It only takes a few minutes before you are coming inside her once again. 

After a pause of a few moments, she signals you to withdraw from her pussy. "We really do have to get ready now!" she laughs, and you wink at her as you leave her to finish showering. 

Fifteen minutes later, both of you are showered and dressed and at breakfast with your colleagues. From time to time, you surreptitiously glance at each other across the room. Nobody but the two of you has any idea what has just happened between you.