 It's a lazy Saturday afternoon, on one of those summer afternoons when it's so hot the world feels like it's moving in slow motion. You've just been out for a couple of drinks with a friend and you're basking in a gentle alcoholic haze. 

You haven't seen Louise for a week. She's on holiday with Scott on the Costa del Sol. You have been messaging each other though. Bored, you open WhatsApp. 

"What are you up to?"

It only takes Louise a minute or two to reply. "Sitting by the pool on my own drinking cocktails. Scott's gone off to find a bar to watch the football."

A photo pops up on your phone screen. Louise's creamy white legs stretched out on a sun lounger, beyond her toes a swimming pool, and beyond that more people on sun loungers, palm trees and a clear blue sky.

"At least you've got the scenery..."

"I've also got a really hot guy looking at me."

"Scott's not around. Go and talk to him. He might buy you another cocktail." 

A few minutes pass before Louise's reply. "Ok, as soon as I've finished my drink I'll go over. Wish me luck..." You smile and throw your phone down and look up at the ceiling. 

You wake up to the sound of a ping from your phone. Gradually, you realise that you had fallen asleep on the sofa. You're not sure how long has passed. You pick up your phone and look at it, your head still cloudy, your face covered in sweat. It's a message from Louise: "Enjoy." Underneath it is what looks like a link to a video. You tap the link...

A sun-dappled hotel room. In the centre of the shot, an unmade double bed. You can dimly see that there are clothes scattered on the floor. A toned, muscular man wanders into frame from the left, tall, with cropped hair and a square jaw. He can only be in his early twenties. He's stark naked, casually fitting a condom on to what must be a ten inch boner. It dawns on you what is about to happen, and you switch from your phone to a tablet, for a bigger screen. 

You resume watching the video, and sure enough another naked figure walks out from behind the camera: Louise. There is no shyness or awkwardness in her movements at all. She turns to face the camera, waves of brown hair cascading down the side of her flushed face, displaying her pert breasts with their rosy, hard little nipples, her creamy, smooth, gently curvy thighs, and her perfectly waxed, glistening pussy. She smiles wickedly and winks. Behind her, the guy waits, then tries to beckon her to the bed by putting a hand on her hip and running it down her buttock. You have a boner to match his. 

You keep watching as Louise gets on to the bed and in a perfectly matter of fact way gets on her hands and knees, side on to the camera, as the guy stands behind her. She stares into the camera, smiling again, and murmurs as he explores her pussy with the tip of his cock before smoothly slipping its entire length inside her. She moans luxuriously as it fills her pussy. She breathes something that sounds like "fuck me hard."

The guy is clearly no stranger to encounters like this. He soon establishes a perfect rhythm of hard, fast strokes that drives Louise absolutely wild. You lose track of how long it goes on for, but you can't take your eyes off her as his thrusts send ripples through her buttocks and make her breasts bounce around underneath her. She moans, groans and gasps with pleasure throughout, alternating between looking over her shoulder at him encouraging him to keep going, and staring straight at you through the camera. She casually asks him to pull her hair, and he is only too happy to oblige.

The guy's stamina is remarkable, but eventually he picks up the pace of his pounding. He pushes Louise down onto her belly on the bed and climbs on top of her, still pumping into her hard from behind. Louise moans "oh yeah" and after a few more thrusts, the guy pulls out of her, rips off the condom and releases a huge jet across her backside and up her back, grunting as he does so. Louise presses her face into the sheets and laughs to herself as the guy rolls off her, clearly exhausted. 

For what feels like an age but must only be a few seconds, Louise's deep brown eyes gaze out at you through the camera, a giddy smile on her face. The guy gets up and heads for the bathroom without so much as looking at her. She doesn't even seem to notice. She reaches for a towel and wipes herself down, then gets up and walks towards the camera. There is a blur as she picks it up, and then her face appears in close up, still beaming. She sticks her tongue out at you, blows you a kiss, winks again and is gone. 

It is early evening, and your surroundings seep back into your consciousness. The sofa, the walls of your living room, the hum of the city outside flowing through the open window. 

You don't get any more messages from Louise during the evening. You don't send her any either; you're not quite sure what you'd say. But you can't get the contents of her video out of your mind. How could you? You watch parts of it again and again, fixing your attention on Louise's face and the sheer pleasure etched on it. 

You message a few friends and ask if they want to go out for some drinks. You're not fooling yourself about what your real motive is for going out. 

The girl you bring home from the club many hours later is nothing like Louise. She's blonde where Louise is brunette; tanned where Louise is pale and interesting; and probably the best part of a decade younger, a fun-loving psychology student in a little red dress. But as you dance with her, in your mind you still see Louise's face contorted in ecstasy. As you share a cab and make small talk, you miss the ease of conversation with Louise. As you kiss her in the hallway and take off her dress, you swear you smell Louise's scent. As you fuck her, a hard, primal, animalistic fuck, with you grasping her hair as she's on all fours in front of you, you imagine that it is Louise's moans filling your ears. And it is the grunts of Louise's athletic co-star that you imitate when you shed your load over the honeyed skin of the girl's back.