 "So, are you ready for this?" Louise asks. 

She is sitting on the sofa in your apartment, in a short, burgundy kimono-style silk robe. Her legs are crossed, but the robe rides up to reveal almost all of her right thigh. It also hangs open a little, giving you a partial view of her breasts. Beneath it, she is stark naked. The twin protrusions of her erect nipples are visible through the fabric. She looks at you, eyebrows raised, and sips a glass of merlot. 

"As ready as I'll ever be, I suppose. So, how do you know this guy again?" You shift in your seat, take a gulp of your own wine. 

"I don't really. We only met last night at a party. He works with a friend of mine. He gave me his number". She pauses and laughs. "I'm not sure he was expecting me to text him the next day and say 'Hi John - do you want to come over and fuck me?'" 

You smile at her indulgently. "So what do you know about him?"

"Not a lot. He's a City boy, obviously. Hedge fund or something. Two kids at home, plus a wife who turns a blind eye to him fucking other women, apparently". 

"Sounds delightful" you say, sarcastically. 

"Complete arsehole, probably" Louise replies. "But if he's got a huge cock and he can make me come then I really don't give a fuck". 

You laugh and raise your glass in a mock toast: "to huge cocks!". Louise raises her glass too, with a filthy smile and an even filthier wink.

A buzzer sounds. "Show time!" says Louise. 

You drink down the rest of your wine and put the empty glass out of sight in the kitchen. You walk over to Louise, yank open her robe to reveal her breasts and her perfectly smooth pussy, pull her to you with your hands inside the robe, on her hips, and say "right, you know where I'll be, just make sure I can see you". She holds your gaze for a few seconds, her eyes wide and bright. Then she motions for you to head for the bedroom and goes to buzz John into the building. 

Once in the bedroom, you slip into your walk-in wardrobe and kneel, concealing yourself amongst suits, jackets and shirts, leaving enough of a gap between the partly closed doors to give you a good view of the bed. The lights are turned down low. Your heart is already racing. 

After a couple of minutes, you hear low voices from the living room, first Louise's and then John's, deep and, for want of a better word, posh. A few more minutes pass and the unmistakable sound of Louise laughing sends a jolt of electricity up and down your spine. Your heart jumps in your throat as you hear the bedroom door swing open. 

A few moments later, a man appears and sits on the bed. He is naked already, well built, at least six feet four, shaven headed and with a painfully tasteful beard. A public school, rugby player type. His generously proportioned erection juts out in front of him. He must be in his early forties, a good decade or so older than Louise. You cannot see Louise yet, but you hear her say "Jesus fucking Christ, John, I want that thing inside me". And then a second or two later she appears, jumping on to the bed next to him. Her robe has been discarded somewhere and she is naked in all her glory: the wavy brown hair falling onto her creamy white shoulders; her pert, firm breasts with their brilliantly pink, rock hard nipples; the gentle curves of her belly and backside; and the dark, inviting slit between her legs. 

There is no foreplay, or otherwise it was brief and is already over with. Deftly and elegantly, Louise is on top of John and has impaled herself on his very considerable shaft. She begins to move herself up and down on it, gently to begin with. Arousal mixes with a slight pang of envy as you see him run his hands over her thighs and buttocks, then grab and massage her breasts, stroking her nipples with his thumbs. Gradually, Louise begins to move faster, eyes closed, face serene, moaning softly. 

After some time, Louise's eyes flicker open as John mutters "come here" and pulls her down towards him. You see her smile to herself and he starts thrusting up into her, but it doesn't take long for her to put herself back in control, grinding against him in a way that you know is designed to stimulate her clitoris. 

A few more minutes pass, and Louise stops John. You wonder what she is doing, and then you see her motion for John to rotate by ninety degrees on the bed before she gets back on top of him. This is obviously for your benefit: now you have a full frontal view of her. She's riding him a little harder now, her breasts beginning to jiggle slightly. He grunts as her pussy moves up and down his cock, and she responds to his grunts with murmurs and quiet moans. 

All of a sudden, John grabs Louise and manhandles her onto her back. This time, she offers no resistance to his attempts to take control, and just lets him do what he wants with her, albeit with a little gasp of surprise. It is electrifying to watch. He pushes her legs open and is quickly on top of her and inside her again. You watch Louise's face, and see her grip the sheets, bite her lip and wrap her legs around his waist as he thrusts athletically in and out of her. You can see her arousal building. 

Louise is a woman on a mission now. She takes John's face in her hands and says "I want you to make me come - eat my pussy and make me come". John looks startled by these orders, but obediently climbs off her. She positions herself so that you have a perfect view of her glistening, wet pussy as she spreads her legs wide for him again and he puts his lips and tongue to work on her engorged clitoris. Soon, he introduces two fingers as well, which he slides smoothly in and out of her as he continues to eat hungrily. 

Louise lifts her head from the bed and you shudder as you see her face. It is contorted, lost in sheer ecstasy. She is not far from climax. Her moans and gasps get more and more intense, her breathing louder and sharper, until her whole body shakes with pleasure and she lets out a long, loud, primal groan and pushes John's face from between her legs. Her chest is heaving, her face flushed and sweaty, her hair a mess. As her orgasm subsides, she laughs gently to herself and, with some passion, says "oh, fuck!"

She doesn't stop for long. She turns to John. "It's your turn now. Take me however you want and come inside me". John doesn't have to be told twice. He rolls her onto her belly and climbs on top of her once more, and she murmurs "oh yes" as he enters her from behind. He fucks Louise hard now, with a satisfying smack of his pelvis against her backside. And then he pulls her up on to all fours and fucks her even harder, pounding away like a jackhammer. 

Louise's breasts are bouncing around beneath her, her buttocks jiggling with the force of each rapid, powerful thrust. John is obviously in his element. Louise is a mere sex object to him now. He is thinking of nothing but his own climax, and he is loving it. But what really gets you going is that Louise is obviously loving it just as much. Her face is a picture of delight, and all she can do is keep saying "oh yes" as his enormous cock fills her pussy over and over again. After an intense couple of minutes of this, John screws up his eyes, lifts his head towards the ceiling and grunts long, low and loud, and Louise cries out "fuck yes, I fucking love it!" at the sensation of him erupting inside her.

Your heart is beating so fast you think they might be able to hear it. Your jeans can barely contain your colossal erection. 

Louise lies on her belly on the bed, an enormous smile on her face. John collapses next to her, completely spent and trying to get his breath back. Neither of them speaks for a few minutes, until she turns to him and says "it's late, you should probably go". He looks confused for a moment, before mumbling "right, ok". You see him get off the bed and head for the living room to retrieve his clothes. Louise gets up, flashes you a smile through the gap in the wardrobe doors and follows him. You wait a minute or so, and hear the front door close. 

As you emerge from the wardrobe, Louise walks back into the bedroom, still completely naked. You grab her, pull her close to you and start kissing her hungrily, your hands on her milky white buttocks. She unbuttons your shirt and you shake it off and drop it to the floor. She leads you the bed, where she sits on the edge as you stand in front of her. Swiftly, she takes down your jeans and boxers, her eyes lighting up at the sight of your cock as she takes it in her hands. 

It takes Louise only a minute or two to use her soft fingers, firm grip and supple wrist to make you come. It feels as if it bursts out of you like water from a fountain, spraying her breasts as you groan and she laughs contentedly to herself. 

You like on the bed together, just as she had with John only a few minutes before. But where she was detached with him, she is warm and affectionate with you, looking into your eyes and smiling. She glances down and her own nude body and, still smiling, says "I should probably have a shower!". You watch her as she walks slowly to the en suite bathroom, and a few moments later you hear the water running. 

Acting on impulse, you follow her into the bathroom. She is facing away from you, standing under the shower, the water running off her. You recall how, the first time you spent the night together, you joined her in the shower the following morning, pure lust as you took her from behind. This is different. She is not surprised when you step into the shower with her, and it seems completely natural when you take the sandalwood shower gel and slowly and delicately wash her body for her: first her shoulders, then her breasts, her belly, her hips, her buttocks, her thighs. She murmurs softly as you gently and carefully clean her between her legs. 

You share a long, lingering, passionate kiss as you stand together under the warm water. Much to your surprise, you wonder if you are starting to fall in love.