 I was all ready to go home for the night. Got work as a roadie, some band or other. Pacific Brothers or something, cute rock popular with girls who were into the lead singer's piercing eyes and designer stubble.

I was all ready to go home after moving amplifiers, microphone stands, equipment cases, switchboards, coiled cables heavier than the backing dancers, coolers full of beer, everything you needed for a rock gig. I'd earned my money, I sat on a flight case full of something and lit a smoke out of sight of supervision.

"Are you with the band?" Sounds like another damn groupie. I wouldn't mind if not for the fact this is perhaps the sixteenth. I didn't know post-grunge was so thong-dampeningly in fashion again.

"I'm just the roadie, Love." I speak before I turn, some witty observation buffering behind my eyelids.

I take a look at her and...

Not sure what I was going to say now.

"Maybe you can help." She's... hot. That would be how I would describe her.

Sticky heat of sun and bodies and sweat, dancing for hours, bustling just for a glimpse. The hoodie probably became an unwanted drag tied around her waist about ten minutes into the support act, some emo boys that had tried to buy weed from me and gotten Greek tea.

Those jeans look fantastic hugging her legs, tight around her hips. But they've got to be boiling in the afternoon sun, dark new blue.

I am enjoying that vest though. I am enjoying the curves beneath the thin white fabric that is almost translucent where sweat and the water they sprayed onto the crowd at the end have dampened it. Nothing under it but skin, I can see the bumps of nipples, pert and raised in the cooling air.

She was saying something to me before I started staring, I should probably say something back...

"What do you need?" I play the helpful guy who's happy to help, rather than the tired, horny guy who wants to go home and think about you in the shower.

"I was wondering if you could get me in to see Pacific Sibling?" She's all so innocent about it too, like those guys don't already have girls in every major festival town.

"Sorry, they've gone for the night." I took Whatsisname's precious guitar to the limo for him, watched them splash away through the mud to the nearest decent hotel, or maybe back to the US.

"Fuck..." I turn to face her, decide to offer a sympathetic mug. It's nice to be nice.

"I got this if you want." I reach into my jacket, the cute one gave me a signed photo because I brought his camera to him, when he was trying not to be too obvious about hitting on both backing vocalists at once. Not sure if it was a thank-you or if he thought I'd sell it on ebay like I do all the others I get my thieving brummy mitts on.

"Thanks..." She deflates a bit, though the parts I'm watching only heave enticingly.

"Got another one of those?" She asks after my smoke. I do, but only this one has the last of my weekend's stash in it.

"Try this one." I pull a deep puff and hand it to her. She takes one too and hands it back, holds onto the smoke and tastes it on the way out.

"Nice." She says.

"No problem." I say.

I sit, she sits next to me on the long flight case.

"So you were gonna fuck the cute one huh?" I decide to just ask this time. Since I usually content myself with watching people rather than interacting with them, I feel like I've saved up all my questions for one honest answer.

"I..." Maybe it's the heat, or the weed she just smoked, or the frustrations of not getting Whatsisname inside her for another tour. But she answers me. "Yeah, I really was."

"C'est la vie." I mumble around the dog-end as I smoke the last and throw it away.

She gives me a funny look. I give her one back. I was done for the day, this feels like bonus time, I'm still enjoying the rush of freedom.

"You wanna?" She looks me dead in the eye. The fact she was forward enough to ask pretty much put her over the top, that and her top of course.

I look around, the pit full of cabling won't be touched until morning, with the cases stacked up next to it no-one would see a thing...

"Go on then..." Whatever else I was going to say gets lost in us both reaching for each other, pulling in for a kiss.

Just a little tentative at first, I don't even know her name but I know her taste. I put one arm around her hips, pick her up and feel my way around to the inspection pit, big enough for us both to be hidden and, conveniently, horizontal.

Her lips are warm, pulsing. Sticky with the alcopops they're slinging in the tents, sweet from it, salt from the sweat on her skin. She's hot and shivering in my arms as I lay down, the mass of tangled cables managing to be fairly comfy, though right now I'd lie down on a revving chainsaw if I had her on top of me.

I can feel her breasts rubbing against my chest, I slide two hands beneath the belt at her back, down into her jeans to grab two handfuls of her curves.

Such a sexy arse... there are things in this world that make a man despair sometimes, but two handfuls of the arse of a horny woman who is getting naked for you makes up for... most of them.

She groans. I love a noisy woman. I love being worthy of a groan. I pull her hard against the erection in my jeans, press it through fabric to push the tight seam of her jeans against her hot, wet, slick clit.

She groans a little more and grinds into me. I suckle her tongue, feel her lips in my mouth and her hands gripping my chest, going lower for my belt.

I slow her down, stall her by peeling the vest from her skin, she lifts her arms and shrugs it off. I look at her, feel her. I sit up and she pulls off my t-shirt.

She sighs when I lick her nipple, moans when I draw it into my mouth and then hisses as I let my teeth graze her just a little bit. I'm not sure how much pretext she needs, how much she warmed herself up with the booze and the music and the tight seam of her tight jeans rubbing against her pussy.

What the hell, I feel like savouring the taste of her skin, the perfume, the mist of bodies and sex and lust.

She's got one palm flat on the back of my head as I suck her beautiful round teardrop of breast, slip my hands slowly back out from her jeans, around to the front where I can unsnap the button, ease down the zip...

She clamps my hips in her thighs, my teasing fingertips trapped inside her zip, between her hot pussy and my pulsing cock. She grinds on me for long seconds.

I know I'm just the backup to whatever she wanted to happen with whatsisname, but I feel the need to make a good showing nonetheless.

My belt pops open with both her hands tugging at it, along with my button and fly. I don't need much encouragement, she goes right for me. Both hands wrapped around my erection like I'm a mechanical bull she's trying to hold onto.

I hold her hips and turn us over, feel her slither as my hands tug her jeans down, the skimpy thong she has on underneath just a tangled afterthought halfway down her thighs as she pulls me against her. My cock rubs against her thighs, pushing against her clit. One little movement and we're together, I slide into her as she rests on her side under me, her knees pulled up to give me room to pleasure her.

I'm not slow or fast or hard or gentle or caring or cruel. I'm just... there with her. It wouldn't matter if we were best friends or had never met, we would still be here together in that moment, touching each other everywhere, kissing and starting to fuck in a slow, easy rhythm.

It isn't making love, this is a physical, lustful thing. We're two horny animals mating under a hot sun, and all I can think is how beautiful she is, how sexy the little moans she's making for me, because of me, are.

I rub and twist at her nipple, she makes such sweet noises when I do, so sensitive there. I run my fingertips along her chest, her throat, to her lips.

She sucks two fingers into her mouth, I feel her tongue tasting herself on my skin and it makes me harder inside her, makes me push deeper against her sexy backside.

"Mmmm..." She tells me, suckling on my warm, wet digits. A skilled mouth, eager and as turned on by it all as I am, makes me tingle in unfamiliar places.

"You are fucking gorgeous..." I tell her, look into the backs of her eyes as my cock settles deep inside her pussy. I can feel her, so hot it almost burns me, so tight and slick and wonderful I could just come right there inside her right now.

"C'mon." She puts one hand on the back of my neck, pulls me in for a kiss. "Fuck me, please..."

I'm touched by her manners, as well as her tongue swirling in my mouth. I can't help but oblige her.

There seems to be extra time somewhere, a second lengthened by our pleasure into that halting moment between in and out. That little split second that makes you want, a thousand times, to stay inside her forever, squeeze her tight and kiss her neck and never stop making love to her.

But I'm reminded this isn't some tender romance, this is something carnal and immediate and senseless. This doesn't need us to think, only to keep doing what we feel like.

Apart from jeans and underwear bunched around our ankles and thighs respectively, there was nothing on us but the hot afternoon sun. Even in our secluded little hideaway the heat is getting intense.

We both seem to reach the same conclusion, there is a quick scramble and tangle of limbs as shoes and jeans and boxers and thongs all come free of struggling, shuddering limbs.

I lick her neck, kiss her throat, sample the beads of sweat on her chest. I'm aware I'm not going to last long, she's acting too damn sexy for me to go on all day. I think about the one thing I haven't tasted.

I lift her up and she seems to get the idea, standing up in the maintenance pit, bringing her hips level with my shoulders.

I pull her to me, my eyes looking up into hers looking down, I enjoy the taste while she enjoys the feel and the view. I close my eyes and focus on her.

Sweet, tangy, womanly. She tastes like the memory of an old girlfriend, like every pussy you ever fantasized about. She tastes forbidden and wanton and sultry.

She makes little circles with her hips to try and keep her clit against my soft, warm tongue. I don't always let her, keep teasing her with almost but not quite sucking her hard little nub into my mouth.

It's working for her, I grip her thigh hard in one hand to keep her steady, bring my other to caress her while I kiss her, lick the sweet juices from her pulsing, radiating pussy.

I feel her skin beginning to cool in places we've exposed to the breeze. I run my hand over her calves and then back up her thighs, to her arse, her back, her breasts, her belly. Down to hold her clit in just the right spot under my circling tongue, finally let her feel it the way she wants to.

"Aaahhh..." It's a noise that isn't sure for a moment. The orgasm rushes up on her a little before she's ready, the groan catches in her throat and she grabs at my shoulders for balance.

I don't stop, I haven't quite finished tasting her. I let her come down a little and then push on, a little harder, a little faster. I want her to come twice on my tongue, once isn't quite enough for me.

"Mmmm..." She's improvising with the noises now, panting and shaking, her eyes screwed up tight and an open-mouthed, gasping grin as she feels another welling up. "Ooohh fuck..." Are the sexiest words a man can hear when he's eating pussy.

The second is harder than the first, a real crowd-pleaser. A clenching, shivering, anguished little moment of...

I slow my tongue to a slow, gentle, warm, wet kiss. I lap at her as she comes for me, this sexy, nameless, naked girl giving herself to me.

She tastes a little different the second time, a darker note like whiskey fumes rising into my brain, seeping into my thoughts.

She wobbles against my mouth and my hands snap around to her backside, clamp her steady between hands and mouth as I continue to make out with her, just a few more seconds.

She's making soft, indistinct little sounds now, whimpering, almost whispering. I slow to a stop, until just my lips are settled around her hot, aching, oversensitive clit. The slightest movement of my tongue sends an aftershock through her, after two or three I let her come down again.

Her legs are a little weak after her hard orgasms, both standing up and flexing and clenching all the while. She wobbles again and I guide her to my lap. She slides down my sloped thighs and nestles her boobs into my chest, rubs her nipples against my skin for a moment, teasing me.

I kiss her mouth. I give back the sweet taste of her lust on my tongue, feel my cock flexing against her, aching to be inside her.

I think she was reading my mind. She lifts up just a little, her delicate hand snakes between us and takes a grip of me, pulls me straight to her and then...

"Fuck..." I go with an old familiar curse in place of being able to describe the way she feels wrapped around my body, her legs around my hips, her arms crossed tight behind my head, her lips on mine and her sweet pussy gripping me.

She's quiet for a few strokes as she finds a rhythm, enthralled with the sensations of her new toy. I do my best not to simply groan into her mouth and come right there as she slowly bobs her hips on mine.

I suckle one of her nipples and get a purring "Mmm..." of approval, I caress the other with the pad of my thumb, rolling the hard nub around and around.

I'm so focused on her, on making this beautiful, graceful creature feel everything I'm giving her, that I lose concentration on myself.

She's getting well into the swing of it by now, she's a bucking, bobbing breathy moan in my ear, two hands grasping at my shoulders, my chest, my neck for leverage. Two eyes locked on mine as we feel each other in the most intimate of ways, so wired and sensitive we each feel every little part of it.

It's so... immediate and so shocking it almost hurts. If somewhere pain becomes pleasure, then I wasn't too far on the other side of the line.

We kiss again, I taste her spit and the sticky sweet of her pussy. I feel her hand between us again, but this time I feel her fingertips rolling over that swollen, suckled little clit. There's a new arch in her back, a little shimmy of her hips as she moves up and down on me.

I wonder idly if she will get to three before I make one, or if this will be a more even scoreboard by the end. Honestly I couldn't care right now. I just have to have her, need to have her.

This sexy little tease decides she's ready for the final sprint and gets into her high gear, the pounding stride of a woman determined to come just one more time. I can hear her breath hissing through her teeth and her thighs slapping against mine on the down-stroke, see the tension in her shoulders, the blissful concentration in her eyes.

"Yeah..." She tells me. "Yeah... Mmmmm!" The last part in response to me gripping her sexy arse in both hands again, helping her keep up the pace without getting leg cramps.

"So fucking sexy..." I tell her, feeling her fingers flurry across her clit and knowing she only has seconds. I feel myself inside her, I'm ready. I've been ready for a while, chivalry making me wait. "You're fucking beautiful."

"Fuck me..." She's very direct, I already like that. I do as she asks.

One last surge of effort, lifting her knees off the floor with each thrust of my hips underneath her, clamping her to my body tight, sucking her tongue into my mouth.

"Mmmm..." She feels me start to tense up and hugs me tighter, rubs herself faster so we can finish together.

It's... wonderful. It's endless and hot and wet and perfect, it's visceral and spiritual and emotional. Just for a moment it's everything we wanted it to be. We come together and it just goes on and on, each of our shuddering, tensing gasps complementing each other, setting off each other's little tremors and aftershocks.

She's so hot in my grip, her skin radiates, a fresh mist of sweat under my palms. I can feel her pulse against my chest and her fingers still gripping my hair.

"Oh fuck..." She says in a lazy, satiated drawl.

"Yeah..." I reply.

"That was great." She grins and kisses me one more time.

"You're a Goddess." I grin back, I hold her close, feeling my cock still hard inside her, still ready for round two. "What's your name?" It's funny to us, we both chuckle a bit. I like her laugh.

She puts a finger to my lips, I smell her scent, kiss the fingertip and taste her.

I'm still asking with my eyes as she puts a kiss on my cheek and gets up, we both pause to enjoy the soft, warm, slickness as our bodies part. I get a fantastic view of her standing over me and grin.

I'm still asking as she slowly takes her clothes and unravels them from mine, as she wiggles her hips as she slips on her thong, showing off for me. Then her jeans, I like how she lets me keep looking at her boobs as I lie there still pointing at the sky with a stupid look on my face.

She wraps the discarded hoody around her hips and then puts the vest back on. I keep thinking about the taste of her, the feel of her tongue, the vibration of her moans in the kiss, everything.

I stand up beside her, don't care that I'm still naked, don't care who sees or knows.

Give her a hug, and one more long kiss on the mouth. One more shared taste of her.

She hugs me back, leans into me and kisses me hard, but then I feel her pull away.

"You never told me your name." I don't ask now, I just say it.

"I will." She gets up out of the pit, I stick the bundle of my clothes on the edge and she offers me her hand. I get up and sit on the edge, she tousles my hair a bit. "I'll tell you next time." She says.

"You're on." I tell her.

By the time I stop grinning to myself and turn, I already know she's gone.

Until next time.