 Summer festivals are becoming my favourite kind.

Maybe two gigs after the one at the castle, the one with the book and the red-head I can only describe as... hot.

It would be silly to tell you that experience didn't raise a lot of questions on my part, but with only a recollection like a burning Escher painting to go on I couldn't exactly call her up for clarification. I'd been ready to chalk it up to a spiked drink or a weird dream, until I noticed a perfect handprint singed into the edge of my sleeping bag. It was hard to think of it as a trick when my close examination revealed the faint pattern of fingerprints melted into the fabric.

A flash of memory, a moan being transmitted to my ears via two glowing red thighs, as if there were strong light shining from beneath her soft skin. I feel heat on my face and get another deep taste of her as she looks down at me, a pink lip pursed around the point of a sharp canine.

Of course I told Elle the whole thing next time she called me, before one of her first solo gigs in the states. Our brief flings in person had become a little romance over the phone, when she had the time and felt like a familiar voice. We were both career nomads so long distance things weren't new to either of us, but it felt special. I hoped she wouldn't begrudge me getting laid, if she even believed me.

"We have a friend in common." I tell her.

"Oh yeah? Who's that?" She sounds tired but content, it's a good sound for her.

"Didn't actually tell me her name, now you mention it." Or give me her number, more's the pity.

"She, huh? So tell me, what did 'She' look like?" Elle's teasing me of course, though not about who she thinks.

"In a word?" I grin to myself, wish I could see Elle's face right now. "Hot. Very fucking hot."

I can hear her silently wonder if I'm talking about who she's thinking about.

"Oh yeah?" That anticipatory twang in her voice tells me we're talking about the same woman.

"With the most beautiful green eyes I've ever seen." I tell her.

"Hot with green eyes huh?" Her voice shakes a little, I imagine her shivering at the memory of those burning lips on hers, shiver myself at the mental image of them together.

"You're welcome, by the way." I grin. "I think she enjoyed seeing us."

"Shut the fuck up..." She finally believes me. "When... uh..." She coughs, I can hear her suppress a giggle at the realisation. "When was this?"

I mentally calculate.

"Two months or so? While you were cutting the album."

"Hey... uh..." I sense her ready to tell me something, then she thinks better of it.

"What?"

"Did she ask you for anything? Any kind of favour?"

"Way ahead of you, Chica. We're even."

"..." She fails to say. "I was gonna ask what she did for you but... I know you."

My smile becomes softer, sweeter. I never knew there was enough of me to know.

"I'm a simple creature, I keep saying." She giggles at that.

"Uh huh, I noticed." She tells me. "So long as you've got beer and pussy you're happy."

"Damn right, though not in that order."

"Naturally."

There's a silence that in person we would fill by undressing each other then enjoying a hard, loud, wild fuck on the floor. On the phone we just have to sit there and blush quietly to ourselves.

"So how're the fuck-heads?" It's affectionate, kind of. Her old stage-mates weren't something she looked back on too fondly, the clash of an aspiring musician among aspiring popstars.

"Still fuckin'." I tell her. So long as their cheques keep cashing and their amps stay heavy then I'll have a job. But I've been thinking about something new as well.

"So... what did she want?"

"I'll tell you if you tell me first." I tease her.

"You already know." I can hear her grin, I press for more.

"So she just said, 'I want to perv over you seducing a sweaty roadie' and you said 'okay'? C'mon, tell me."

"She said..." Elle says. "That if I wanted her help then I had to pay with sex or death, symbolic I suppose."

"Huh." I take that bit of cosmically horrifying information in stride. "You could've told me."

"I think putting a man under that kind of pressure could have been counter-productive, given what I wanted." She laughs and then I do, she makes a good point.

"So you used me for your... sex magic?" I find it odd that I don't really mind. It's hard to feel bad about meeting and then having sex with two beautiful, mysterious women from exotic lands. The memories of being intimate with one American singer and one Hadean demon are probably going to be what I fantasise about for the next century or so.

"Totally." She giggles.

"Did it work?" I'm suddenly just a little bit self-conscious. Elle flirted with me like she just wanted to unwind and enjoy some kinky rebellion on the stage. I gave my all of course, but if I'd known her career depended on it I might've carbed up first. 

"Ask the three record companies who got into a motherfucking bidding war over my debut album." I blush a deep red, she's so far out of my league.

"I think she likes you then." I tease.

"I think she likes you too." She teases back.

"She only wanted me for my body."

"C'mon then, tell me."

"Erm..." I struggle for words. "It was either a heroically dangerous quest to destroy an evil artefact, or criminal damage of an old book. Depends how you look at it."

"A book?"

"It took more effort than it sounds."

I tell her all of it, including the part where she possessed me.

"Fuck off..." She's incredulous. "I didn't know she could do that."

"It was all new to me." It occurs to me that we might have been messing with things beyond our ability to understand, but I'm doing that every time I flirt with a girl anyway.

"She's something else." Elle says, understating it by several orders of magnitude.

We share another silence, it drags words from my mouth.

"Can still kind of taste her, when I really concentrate..." I muse. Elle giggles a low laugh that deepens, she gets her breath but I can hear the passion rising under her chestnut skin.

"Like... if you mixed chocolate ice-cream with molten lava..." Elle giggles at herself, but I actually know what she means. The memory of Elle's sweet pussy on my tongue gets me as hard as our Devil did, and for the thousandth time I lament the fact I can't kiss her through the phone.

"And then licked it right from her clit..." I shift in my chair, adjusting my cock now it surges with heat.

I actually hear Elle shiver as she pictures it too.

"Oh honey, you're gonna drive me crazy with that." She protests but her heart isn't in it, our demon lover is seductive even in the abstract.

"There's no-one here." I tell her, "I can get a little crazy if you can."

"Fuck..." She considers it.

"Where are you right now?"

"Dressing room." She says, and I picture her with her feet up on the makeup table, staring up at the ceiling with one hand at her pussy, playing with the buttons of her jeans.

"Alone?"

"... yeah." She admits, her voice rising another note. Elle is one hell of a performer, she just needs a little push into the spotlight sometimes. It was our fiery friend that helped her with that on stage, it's usually my job when it comes to phone sex.

"So then pop a couple of those buttons, and tell me all about this infernal-girl-on-girl." I grin, rubbing the hard bulge in my own jeans.

"How do you mean?" She blushes so hard I can hear it.

"I mean, tell me how it felt to have a sex demon sucking on that perfect cunt of yours." I take the first stride towards what Elle would politely describe as 'smut'. "C'mon, little bird." My pet name for her, from one of her songs.

"I don't think there are words..." She groans and smiles and remembers, and makes that little purr she does when she's getting wet and scissoring her thighs together.

"Try." I let a hot blush of my own come and go, thinking about licking that glowing, pulsing spot that seemed to radiate pleasure back into my mouth.

"Like..." She struggles for the right word. "Like she was inside my head at the same time she was kissing my..." This time Elle pauses for a soft sigh as her fingers deftly rub her clit against the soft lace of her underwear.

"Don't stop." I make a similar adjustment and bring my aching, throbbing cock out of my jeans, pump it up and down a few times before slowing to a teasing touch.

"And she can do this thing with her tongue, felt like she had two..." Elle gasps at her own sensation as she remembers. "I felt like I was gonna melt in her mouth." Elle trails off into a slow moan, I join with a low purr of approval.

"Wish I could've seen that..." I close my eyes and picture it, but my attention is drawn back to Elle's sexual melody. Then I wished it were me giving her that pleasure right then, as she closed her eyes and thought about our Devil. The phone bleeps as she switches to video, surprising me by showing off so readily. But she's a natural performer and she was coming into her element with more than her music these days.

"I wish you could've joined in." Elle says, more seriously now. "We need to call her somehow." She looks off towards the door for a second, biting her lip when someone knocks. "I'll be a few minutes, Jenny!" She says to send her manager away.

"Maybe if you say her name three times in a mirror she'll show up and eat your pussy again." I joke, but for a second we both wonder.

"Careful, you'll make her ears burn." She warns me softly.

"I'm still stuck on the image of you with a girl." I sigh. She laughs.

Elle has the most beautiful eyes, maybe ever. Even on my phone she's perfect.

"I need you, man." Elle tells me, her frustrated groan being stoked by her fingertips.

"I need you too." I say, equally honestly. "And I need you to start with your nipples."

I like taking the reins now and then, and Elle is more than happy to go where I point, when we're in the right mood.

"Mhmm..." Elle shifts again, the phone rustling as she changes hands to reach under her t-shirt to a single soft, smooth nipple; bringing it quickly to an erect, sensitive point. "Like that?"

"Just like that..." I rub myself up and down, give my cock a squeeze. Elle reaches to her other breast and grips it slowly, gliding her fingers up to the nipple. "Twist, just a little..." I instruct, and she smirks, letting out a soft hiss as she obeys.

God I want her... I remember a flash of one of our first times together, making her giggle as I kiss my way up her torso, pushing my head inside the t-shirt she was wearing in bed, taking her nipple between my lips and hearing her tickled giggling fade to a contented little moan.

"Now slide your hand down, slowly." I continue, Elle smiles and leans back in her chair, putting her feet up as she glides her fingers over all that soft, smooth, beautiful body.

She bites her lip again when she reaches the waistband of her underwear, a vee of scarlet lace peeking from the open front of her jeans.

Buttons... I think, surprised I got that right.

"Keep going, outside your underwear, and rub that beautiful pussy for me." I blush again a little as she closes her eyes and tilts her phone downward to centre on her hand sliding softly back and forth.

"Ohh..." Elle vocalises a little more, soft and low, purring for me. I hear the sound of the lace against her fingers, watch the tension in her wrist as she grips herself. She flexes her whole body just a little, the view on my phone tilts distractedly and I grin.

"Now slowly back up." I chuckle at her little whimper of protest, I can only tease her as much as she lets me. She hesitates slightly, more of a tremble, but her hand drifts lazily back up under her shirt to return to teasing her breasts. Just like it were my hands on her.

I stroke myself, already horny just from hearing her voice, now needing little stimulation beyond the visual as she stares into my eyes again. She has a wonderful way of teasing me by doing exactly what I say, that sultry look in her eye.

I let her freestyle a little, just watch her and join her in a slow self-tease. I wait until she's playing with the tip of her tongue against her teeth, a sexy little tell she has when she's wet and aching for stimulation.

"Now all the way back down." I tell her, my voice soft in the intimate space between us. "Don't rush..." I add as she moves a little faster this time. Anticipation is half the fun, and we've both been missing each other for days. It's worth taking our time.

"Over..." She sighs as she flexes again, closing her eyes "or..."

"Under." I say, watching her fingers gratefully slip beneath her lingerie to make the same gripping motion.

"Fuck..." She whispers, then moans as she drags her middle finger across her clit on the up-stroke.

Such an expressive woman, but now so sexily uninhibited I have to remind myself that I shouldn't rush either.

"Now slip your fingertip inside." I'm breathing heavier now, enthralled.

"You're such a fucking tease..." She quotes me, purring as she obeys.

My mouth goes dry.

"Now back up, and taste yourself." I say, smiling as she bites her lip again, reluctant to stop touching herself. "C'mon, beautiful." I whisper encouragement.

She whimpers and moans softly again, giving me a cutely accusing look as she brings her finger to her full lips and then teases me right back by sucking it deep into her mouth. She looks right into my eyes as she does, like she does when she sucks my cock, like she's trying to make me come with just that look.

A little more build-up and she may well have.

"I love you..." I say as she tastes the slick arousal on her finger, she squeezes her eyes tighter shut and tenses, a little shock running through her.

"Mmm..." She slowly withdraws her middle finger from her mouth, staring at me now. "I love you too." We haven't been saying that out loud for long, it's still a visceral thrill to hear it.

"Now stop playing with me," I grin, "and put that wet fingertip back on your clit, and show me what I've been missing." I suppress the blush that always threatens when I get bold like that.

She does, shrugging her jeans a little way down her hips to give her easier access, showing me the bumps of her knuckles moving under the lace. I think Elle became a singer just so she could make noises like that to music, but I've always preferred her acapella.

Incredible woman...

She arches her back a little, then thrusts her hips slowly up and down, squeezing her hand between her thighs, sighing my name.

"That's it, Elle..." I join in with her, knowing by the way she's flexing her abdomen that she doesn't need much more encouragement to get there. "You're so fucking beautiful when you.." I trail off as Elle drops the phone suddenly.

"Christ, Jenny!" Her voice is a laughing, surprised shriek. "I said I'd be a couple minutes."

I hiss with laughter, covering the mic, this is the third time this has happened. Coitus-interruptus via videophone. Her manager needs to learn about boundaries, and that her client works better when she's relaxed.

Their short conversation is muffled by Elle's lap as she holds the phone in her clasped hands. The thought of my face being in her lap like that instead of her phone is almost enough for me to finish alone, but I wait for her.

"That girl's got no sense of timing." Elle says, picking the phone back up. "I'm gonna have to leave it there, they need me right away." She says, a heartfelt groan of sympathy in her voice as I grin at her through the link.

"C'est la vie." I grumble.

"Oh, don't stop on my account." She winks. "Just think about me, ok?"

I sigh, loving her a little more just for that.

"Maybe I'll save myself for you, pick it up after the show?" I hope.

"Damn, you really do love me. You hit your head on somethin'?" She smiles that smile, the one that pulls at my face too no matter how I feel.

"I was struck by your beauty." I can't keep a straight face, that's a terrible line.

We laugh.

"Take it easy," she tells me.

"Kick some ass," I tell her. "I'll be watching." She's performing online, so I'll be able to see it as it comes in.

We hang up, and I'm left with an ache in the groin and, for a minute or two, a difficulty zipping my jeans back up. I thought about carrying on but I still wanted Elle later, in whatever way I could have her from five thousand miles away.

Worth waiting for, but since I was a little frustrated I decided to get a little distracted to while away the hours before I could have her to myself again.

I lock my phone and look at the dark screen, or rather my own reflection in it.

"Devil, devil, devil," I say, smirking at myself. "you want to tag-in here, Red?" If it were that easy she'd have shown up already. A phone probably doesn't count as a mirror anyway.

Last time she claimed two slightly worn strips of grass were a crossroads suitable for making mortal bargains at, she could probably claim this as a mirror.

"Whatever you did for Elle," I say to my reflection, to her. "Thanks, hot stuff." And smirk to myself.

My tent is still a little too hot from the sun, I only came in here for privacy really. I zip up first my jeans and then get up, walk out, and zip up the tent.

I don't actually have too much to do tonight. But since all my stuff is here and I don't have any money I hang around the festival, engage in my hobby of people-watching.

Hot sun in a clear sky, almost setting. Warmth on my back as I walk towards a beer tent with the change in my pocket and an amiable smile close to my expression.

I find an empty table and sit, sipping about a third of my pint to actually slake my thirst, the rest is recreational.

A group of women walk in from the heat, my eyes track them in a primal sort of way and I allow myself an appreciative glance.

Four of them, all beautiful to this, admittedly still horny beholder. But... happy, relaxed. One catches my eye and smiles, I smile back and watch them go and get their drinks. I make sure there is another empty table nearby, I want to hear Elle sing without any distractions.

A peek of red lace at a low neckline reminds me of her and I smile to myself, thinking about what her intrusive manager would have seen if she'd waited a minute.

Elle is just how I left her, though she's buttoned her jeans back up and put a jacket on. She's working up through her single, then the B-side, then one of her old covers to establish some credentials.

I almost moan when I notice her nipples are still hard under her t-shirt.

God damn is she beautiful today... I would give anything to..

"Mmm..." A soft, sultry voice in my ear. So close to my ear my head turned to try and figure out how she had crept up on me. But then I recognised that voice, the hairs on the back of my arms and neck stood up, my cock ached at the memory. "Don't react too much, sweetheart. I'm trying to keep my profile low."

There's no-one there. She's either turned invisible or she can project her voice to wherever she likes, including so close to my ear I could feel the heat of her breath.

I used to be sceptical, and I try to keep a mind open enough for fun things to get inside now and again; but I still hold up my pint and look very carefully for, say, half a dissolved pill at the bottom of it.

Nothing, just a pint.

"Trust me, your imagination isn't good enough to come up with me. No matter what you drug it with." She says, and I actually feel the slide of her arms around my shoulders as she speaks directly into my brain. A tingling runs through my head and down my spine.

I missed you. I tell her mentally, thinking it unwise to talk to myself since no-one else seems to be able to see or hear my Devil.

"I missed you too." She's amused by me, and it feels like she's sitting in my lap, her arms stroking along mine.

Elle misses you even more. I smirk to myself, trying to picture the time they were together. I was going to ask Elle all about that while she leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the aftershocks.
