 Charlie drove down the alley behind Alexa's house, parked behind the tool shed and shut off the pickup truck. He was going inside with her, he decided. This was the perfect time to feel her soft pink pussy lips on his tongue. Her husband wasn't home, and his wife was working tonight, too—naughty time with his lover!

"What if someone sees your truck, Charlie?" Alexa asked as she hesitantly led him through the back door of her house.

"I'll deal with it later," he answered, taking her hand and leading her upstairs to her bedroom.

On the way up the stairs, Charlie considered what he wanted to do with her. He couldn't remember ever being so excited in his life. He had to taste her first! He recalled one time Alexa mentioning that her and her husband had restraints on their four-post bed for when they wanted to play around, even though she didn't like them. If they were there, he would use them on her wrists and ankles. Maybe I will hear her beg! he thought.

Alexa led him into her bedroom, sitting down nervously on the edge of the bed. Nervous or excited? Charlie wondered. He sat down next to her, putting his hand on her cheek. "Do you want me, baby?" he asked.

She gazed into his eyes, bit her bottom lip and nodded.

"Good," he said, licking his lips. "You made me feel so great earlier. I want to return the favor."

Her shallow breathing excited him further as he pulled her back to the center of the bed. He swept her hair back from her neck and began kissing her soft skin lightly, leaving a trail of wet kisses from her ear down to her breasts. Goosebumps appeared down her arms as Charlie pulled her shirt off and threw it to the floor; his soon following. He unhooked her bra with one hand as the other grabbed her waist and pulled her closer to him so he could claim her lips. She kissed him back softly, letting her tongue trace the edge of his lips as her bra joined the pile of clothes on the floor. He groaned into her mouth and pushed her down onto the bed with his body.

Alexa could feel his cock hardening against her leg as he kissed her deeply. She moved her hands up and down his strong back, feeling her pussy dampen again from his touch. He moved his hands down to her hips, lifting his legs off her so he could tug her shorts down her legs. She moaned as his hands found her bare breasts and began playing with them, her nipples hardening between his fingertips. His mouth left hers to lick and suck on her nipples, causing them both to moan together and her pussy to get impossibly wetter, eager for what this wild man had in store for her.

Charlie lifted his head and stared into her eyes. "Do you trust me?" he asked.

Taking a moment to consider his question, Alexa replied hesitantly. "Yes."

He reached over to the top corner of the bed and brought out the restraint on that side and bound her wrist, repeating the motion for the other three limbs, all while Alexa stared at him wide-eyed. "I don't know," she whispered, "if I can handle this. I've never let anyone tie me up."

"I won't hurt you, I promise," he said. "I want to be in control while I play with you."

Relaxing her body, Alexa laid her head back on the pillow and sighed.

Charlie got back on the bed between her legs and moved her red lace panties over to feel her soaked pussy. She moaned as he teased her clit with his finger before sliding inside her tight hole. She arched her back and moved her hips rhythmically with his thrusts. Her juices covered his fingers and he withdrew them to smell her sweet scent.

She whimpered when he didn't put his hands back on her hot body for a moment. He showed her a sly grin before saying, "Beg."

Her jaw fell in shock, but she smiled. "Oh, really? It's like that, is it?"

"Fuck, yes it is. I'm simply returning the favor, baby."

"Umm, alright," she agreed, wriggling her body around on the bed and in her sexiest voice she pleaded, "Oh, God, Charlie, oh please. Please lick my pussy with your wonderful tongue! Suck on my clit and make me come! Fuck me with your fingers, oh! Please I'm begging you."

Charlie grinned and, taking hold of the red lace panties in both hands, ripped them off of her. She gasped as the thin material ripped down the front, exposing her shaved pussy for him to see. This was his first time seeing her completely naked, and he took a moment to drink in the beauty of her body. He groaned as his cock pressed harder against his zipper, but he ignored that need to fulfill hers. Positioning better between her legs, he leaned in and took one lick over her wet hole.

She cried out at his touch, her body tensing a second but relaxing once more. He leaned in again and licked her more, sliding his tongue inside her hole, teasing her as only he knew how. He took his time with her, slowly tasting her juices and enjoying the movements her body made at his maddening touch.

"Please, Charlie," she whined, "Please make me come soon! I will come as many times as you want me to! Just let me come now!"

"Mmmmm," he moaned against her clit, sucking on it harder. He slipped his hands under her legs and up, holding on to them and pulling her pussy harder against his face. He could feel her body shaking under him, her first orgasm from his mouth just moments away. He reveled in her cries and moans for more.

"Oh my God, oh, oh yes, oh God, yes! Please, please don't stop! I love it! I love what you're doing! Oh my God, wow, oh yes, yes oh yes right there!" Her back arched up and she screamed as she met her release, a high-pitched scream that slowly lost volume and deepened as her orgasm continued.

Charlie moved away from her clit to let her recover and proceeded to lick up as much of her juices as he could from her sensitive pussy. Alexa knew without looking that there was a huge puddle on the sheets under her.

He slowly started licking her clit again, making her twist and try to fight him, her sensitive pussy sending shockwaves through her body at every slight touch. Once she calmed down under him, his tongue attacked her pussy again and again until she came as hard as she did the first time. Charlie couldn't stop until he had his fill of her, and that could take all night!

He made her come twice more before he lay next to her for a time, both of them exhausted. The pleasure both of them felt was more amazing than they could have imagined.

He began tracing his fingers up and down her stomach and breasts, lightly tickling her and she giggled and wriggled her body away the best she could. She waved her arms at him and asked, "Can you let me out of here now?"

Charlie grinned at her. "Well, now why would I want to let you out so soon?" He got off the bed and pulled his pants and boxers off, releasing his hard cock. "I'm not done with you yet, Alexa. We're just getting started."