 Carla, the ex-wife and I are still friendly. Even better she's still up for the occasional down and dirty hook-up. She owns an interest in and manages a couple of local dive bars. She maintains the majority owner is an OK guy, other than his occasionally becoming this penny-pinching, purse strings clutching ogre. He can drive her absolutely bat shit crazy. But then, at least in my opinion that's one monumental understatement.

Sometimes I get the call. Usually all I have to do is listen, make soothing noises, and if I'm lucky take her mind off things with a good hard fuck. However, that wasn't the case last time around. I listened alright and even made the appropriate noises, only I made them from the passenger's seat of Carla's Porsche Boxster as we raced Northward, up the coast on Highway one. And, we didn't get around to that good hard fuck until the middle of that road trip. It was worth the wait.

I took the call on a Thursday evening. An irate Carla, spitting and yowling like an aggrieved cat barely managed a yowled "It's me," before she was off on a rant. I started to pay attention when I heard "The fucking cheap-skate finally got tired of my bitching; and then, like no shit he practically ordered me to take the weekend off." She paused, and I jumped in.

"Unreal," I exclaimed. "Don't tell me; you're planning to run-off for a wild weekend of sex with one of your boy-toys. No, wait; maybe it'll be with one of your pussy-munching gal-pals," I teased.

"Asshole" was the Ex's instantaneous rejoinder. But then, she followed that up with a half-snarled "Well if you're up for it, which means if you're up for keeping me distracted, throw a change of clothes in a bag. Be ready bucko! Just let me get this fucking Bar closed, dash home, pack a bag, and oh Hell yes, I'll be by to pick you up!" So of course, I was already thinking road trip when she said "What I'm thinking is a run up the coast and then maybe up in to the hills above Santa Barbara. Something like that; butt, who the fuck knows?"

Where didn't matter much to me. After all, any somewhere would have a Hotel, or at least a Motel, which meant a bed and the chance to get Carla naked and horizontal. So of course, I quickly declared "Road trip, well yeah, I'm always up for a road trip!"

In College, for my crowd of party-minded crazies anyway, the road trip became a somewhat hallowed tradition. Sometimes it was nothing more than a beer fueled run through one canyon or another, perhaps with a moonlit snipe hunt on tap. Then again, sometimes it was a run up the hill for a visit to one of the local mountain resorts. And, when wild and crazy was the call there were runs south, across the Mexican border in to Tijuana. Best of all though were the frequent last minute calls for a run across the desert, destination Las Vegas. Wherever; its viva the road trip!

It was a couple of hours later, but the squeal of brakes and the blare of her Porsche's horn announced Carla's arrival. Better believe it, I was ready. She popped the trunk and I tossed in my overnight bag. And, as I settled in to a cloud of pot scented smoke she pushed a fat joint in to my hand. Not wanting to appear overly eager I sucked down a hit before reaching for her. We kissed, hot, heavy, and quick. And then, without a word she was burning rubber and we were on the road. Bummer, but no one whooped road trip, oh well!

We worked our way through the nightmare of Los Angeles traffic, caught US-1 and headed north. Mostly, and I'm sure not complaining, but we ran North in a comfortable silence. Three plus hours and a second joint later we were winding our way up along Route 154 and for no particular reason towards Santa Maria. Breakfast was on my mind as I read off the results of my online search. I got to the listing for Santa Maria's Holiday Inns Suites. "Suites," barked a tired, and yeah grumpy sounding Carla. "There's going to be a mini-bar and that works for me," she declared before demanding directions.

We checked-in and two Tequila minis later I had Carla naked. Too bad she was comatose and snoring softly. But then, we did sleep-in, right through breakfast; and then, on past lunch. So, it was mid-afternoon when I called room service.

Carla sat, her long legs stretched out on the room's sofa leafing through a stack of "Things to do" brochures when breakfast arrived. And, she hadn't bothered to dress, which of course didn't appear to bother the guy setting out our long overdue breakfast. He did sneak in quick glances, something far less dangerous than the alternative. Then, when what I knew was anything but a casual shift left bare laser smooth pussy exposed, the poor guy's next sneaky peek lingered. Why not; after all, in anyone's book Carla rates a long appreciative look.

The Ex is a tallish, long legged, green-eyed, raven haired woman with a lean curvy body, a year-round whole body tan, and a cock-hardening smile. She turned that smile loose as she rose gracefully from the sofa. She padded over, ignoring a bowl of granola and fruit as she snatched a strip of bacon from my plate. Then, as she nibbled, utterly shameless and having read his name tag she introduced herself. "Hi Paul, I'm Carla and the guy with the big grin is my sometimes boyfriend Doug. And here's the thing Paul, we're bored. OK, and actually I'm horny, bored, and curious." What does she have in mind, I wondered. And, I wasn't sure whether to be disappointed or relieved when all she did was ask a blushing Paul if Santa Maria had a sex shop. Paul said there was, still ogling Carla as he gave me directions. The unlucky guy didn't get "Lucky," but he did get a big tip.

We tucked in, and while I ate my downsized breakfast, I listened attentively as Carla told me what would make her happy. So, later, as she worked in a workout in the Hotel's gym, I was downtown perusing the shelves of Santa Maria's one and only sex shop. While she hadn't come right out and said it, I know my ex. She was both horny and bored; so, I was on the hunt for more than a kinky medley of sex toys. But, even knowing she would happily settle for an open-minded boy-toy, what were the odds on my coming up with a playmate of either sex? Seriously, she should have gone herself.

For the unlucky guy from room service it had been a case of wrong place-wrong time. As for me, well I should have bought a lottery ticket. That sex shop didn't sell them, but there was this cute but distracted sales girl named Lori. And, if Lori hadn't been busy texting and ignoring a needy customer, I wouldn't have met Cindy. And if Cindy hadn't asked "Why that one," I wouldn't have wound up telling her just why I had picked out the gleaming purple dildo harness dangling from my hand. But, I did, and Lori who had overheard got interested.

Cindy considered her options, and I considered the possibilities. Well, rejection being much more explainable than a mere lack of balls, I went for it. And, never mind all the times she had declined some customer's tacky proposition, to my utter surprise not only did Lori fail to blow off my nervously delivered invitation to a "Friendly three-way," she responded with what sounded to me like an enthusiastic "Well...maybe!" Yeah, well it couldn't have hurt that by then I had sold Cindy on, not just a harness, but a pair of dildos, two silver bullet vibrators, and a bottle of lube. An hour or so later, Lori rang up the same for me, only grinning shyly when I tossed in a pair of soft leather wrist restraints. Then, having hesitantly agreed to give Carla a call, and then having talked things over with her, her shift over, Lori and I headed for that Holiday Inn suite.

The suite's lights were on and music played. So, I figured Carla was back from the gym. I paused in the entryway, wondering just what sort of dramatic, over the top entry the Ex had planned. For starters, Lori and I were overdressed.

Lori had on a short black leather mini-skirt and an emerald green Cami. And, by then I already knew there was a killer ass hiding under that short leather skirt. Lori's shoulder length hair was a sun streaked blonde. Like Carla her eyes were green. She was tan, and as I would learn, tan all over. But, by then I would be ogling a tantalizingly sexy pair of firm provocatively upturned breasts, areola and thick rigidly jutting nipples both dark as milk chocolate against that tan. Was she a natural blonde? There turned out to be a lack of evidence. And, I never got around to asking.

Carla strode in from the bedroom. She stopped, struck a pose, and oh my God, there should have been a spotlight. Her green eyed stare leveled squarely on Lori, she smiled, her grin seductive and dangerous. She stood there at ease, hip-shot, her hands behind her back. And, she was just utterly heart-stoppingly sexy, topless, a pair of filmy black silk harem style pants barely clinging to her hips. "Doug was right," she purred. "You're gorgeous... and you're overdressed!"

Almost, but not quite frozen in place, Lori cocked her head to one side and blew out a long slow breath. It almost hid her "Ooh, wow!"

Time slowed, and for an eternity silence ruled. Then, after a low and throaty chuckle, Carla suggested "Doug honey, why don't you help Lori to, well, get more comfortable?"

Afraid of tripping over my tongue, I skipped the unnecessary "On it." But, I did collect the small back pack Lori had dropped by the door. I dropped it and the bag of sex toys I'd been carrying on one of the suite's mini-sofas.

Lori, who had followed me, stood there matching stares with Carla. And, seeing as how it was still my move, I stepped around behind her. Reaching around, I caressed the soft silky smooth of her midriff as I prepared to pull her shimmery cami top up and off over her head. And, when I did, it was Carla's turn to suck in a softly gasped "Ooh!" Lori arched her head back invitingly, but I was already cupping what sure felt like 34-C's in my hands. My thumbs flicked over hard aroused nipples, while my lips danced teasingly over an ear.

I knew it had to be killing her, but Carla just stood there looking mesmerized as she slowly swirled the tip of her tongue over wetly glistening lips. Then, when she didn't step in, I dropped to my knees. I almost made Lori's panties my next target. And, maybe it would have driven the Ex right up the fucking wall. Yeah maybe; but, I reached for her skirt's zipper. Down came the zipper, and down came the skirt. It joined the back pack, cami, and bag of goodies on the sofa. That left me with a lacy red thong to deal with. And, with it, I took my time.

Lori waited, nearly naked, her hands clasped behind her back. My fingers were hooked in her thong's lacy waistband. Then, as I teased soft feathery kisses across each of her bare, sweetly rounded ass cheeks, she panted out sharp quick gasps. I began to work her thong down, all the while teasing the flicking tip of my tongue down that sweet ass's cleft. I looked up and in to Carla's eyes, eyes smoldering with barely restrained desire. It worked for me, so as I continued to slide that thong downward, kisses and my caressing tongue followed. And then, when I had Lori naked it was all I could do not to pull her around and bury my face between her thighs. But, it would have been the wrong move, dangerous too!

It was Carla's move, or so I had it figured. But, as I stood there, slowly shaking my head it was Lori who broke the silence. "You know it's not fair," she challenged without even a hint of pout. "I mean, I'm naked; and well, you're not!" I knew Lori hadn't been talking to me; after all, just then I was nothing more than a handy tool.

"Well then," I heard Carla growl. "Why don't you do something about it?"

Lori used up an absolute universe of time divesting Carla of those silky harem pants. She knelt, working them down one inch at a time, one side at a time. I'm pretty sure she kissed every inch of freshly exposed skin too. Those pants came off and Carla was naked. Going for it, with her busy hands exploring the exquisite curves of Carla's ass, she slowly and seductively licked and kissed her way up and down a pair of conveniently well-spread thighs. Then, her upturned face was between those thighs, and Carla was gasping explosive oohs.

On the phone Lori had told my Ex she'd never been with a woman; so, I knew what Carla meant when she growled a breathy "Liar!" When Lori didn't answer the challenge, Carla chuckled. And then, calculatingly opening herself up to Lori's questing tongue, she swung a foot up and settled it on her shoulder. I'd watched my Ex work that position, riding more than one lover's tongue to a loud, sometimes exaggeratedly theatrical orgasm. This time, wanting to do more than play spectator, I quickly undressed. Unfortunately, that left me the only one aware of the new tool in the game, a hot, fully erect, iron hard cock ready and eager to join in the fun.

Where the fun was, was where the ladies were. So, I ambled over, stepped up behind Carla, the hot hard length of my cock pressing in to the smooth silky cleft of her ass as I reached for her tits. And, after my nipple pinching fingers had torn a couple of yelped yes's out of her, I let my cock slip down and between her thighs. I had to bend my knees, and even then I could only push a couple inches of cock in to her pussy's wet heat. It wouldn't do, and couldn't last. But, I could wait. Sure I could; but only because I really didn't want to interfere with Lori's clit teasing tongue. So, I amused myself by jabbing short twisting thrusts in to my ex. A few of those jabs skipped past the Ex's slippery opening, sliding right on past Lori's tongue and on in to her mouth. No one called me on it; but yeah, some of those misses were intentional. And yes; knowing Lori could taste Carla on my cock added a tantalizingly wicked thrill. Even better, I told myself. Soon enough, with any luck she'll be getting the taste of precum too. Anyway, Lori's tongue and my lunging half-thrusts quickly had Carla moaning yeses. And, she sure wasn't talking to me as her screams ordered "Do it, do it, do it!"

The Ex liked it; well, sometimes she liked it. So, with that first orgasm shuddering through her, I caught a fistful of hair and forcefully pulled her head back. I could only push a couple inches in to her, but I was rotating my hips and fucking her hard when I felt her pussy liquefy and go molten. I held back, hoping Carla wouldn't try for seconds. Uh-huh, so imagine my relief when she gasped an insistent "Harder!" Why; simple, because even more than I wanted to pound hard cock in to my gasping Ex, I couldn't wait to pull out and cum in Lori's mouth.

No need to read my mind; nope, Carla knew me. So, it was a teammate who batted my hand aside, laughing as she pivoted and spun away. She didn't go far quickly stepping back in, actually kissing me as Lori's soft lips slithered slowly down, finally stopping clamped around my fully engulfed cock's base. And then, Carla was behind her, hands gently securing her head, laughing again as she squealed a challenging "Do it Doug, oh God yes, fuck her mouth!"

It wasn't my fault. No really, holding back was out of the question. Naturally; I mean of course the lady liked having her mouth fucked, even by some half-crazed guy apparently intent on repeatedly planting seven inches of hard cock eight inches deep in her throat. Anyway, it was a short fuck. Yeah, and who cared? I didn't; after all, the head of my dick was in Lori's throat when it erupted cum. Even better, Carla's firm hold made sure every one of my hard deep follow up thrusts sent another spurt splashing straight in to that throat.

Her job done, and her timing perfect, Carla danced away, clapping as she whooped "OK, and now it's Lori's turn!"

Lori whooped "Woowoo," and then she began to laugh. I was left shaking my head as I helped her to stand. I mean, just what was so fucking funny anyway? But then, being sort of captivated by the smudge of cum glistening on her cheek, I didn't much care. And, it sure didn't keep me from kissing her. Pretty much blowing my mind she wrapped her arms around my neck, whispered "Thank you," and then damn near scalded my lips with a thoroughly wicked kiss.

Carla barked "Come on-come on," and Lori spun out of my arms. But, Lori had yelped. So, maybe it was because the Ex had cracked a wicked swat off her bare ass. Whatever, Carla had the bag of sex toys in one hand, easily dodging Lori's counterattack as she declared "Move it you two; there's a bed, and I have plans for it!"

In the bedroom, and after a wisecracking "Lie down, this won't hurt a bit," Carla jabbed a finger at the rooms king-size bed. Obviously she wasn't talking to me, so I got out of the way. I wound up watching from the foot of the bed, where I stared at Lori's deliberately and ostentatiously exposed pussy. I mean, the ballsy hottie's legs were spread wide leaving bare wetly glistening pussy utterly and shamelessly exposed. Still, my eyes were busily multitasking. That meant I somehow caught Carla pulling the bigger purple dildo out of the bag and then slip it in to the shiny purple harness. Then, in a move I didn't expect, after huffing out a theatrical sigh, instead of strapping it on she tossed it on to the nightstand. Not getting it, all I could do was shrug as I watched her add the smaller dildo, the lube, and the two silver bullet vibrators to a growing pile. Then, I thought I got it. At least it made more sense when she held up the soft leather wrist restraints and whooped "Ooh yeah, this works!"

My Ex was holding those leather restraints as I watched her climb on to the bed. She knelt straddling one of Lori's thighs. I stayed put, thankful for the mirrored closet doors. Not only did I get a look at Carla's laser bright lust powered stare, I had two views of her knee doing an erotic dance up between her panting playmate's thighs. Fuck no, it wasn't Envy; but, it was a serious case of unadulterated lust fueled desire. I mean so what if Lori's hot wet pussy was slip-sliding over the Ex's knee instead of my face? I could be patient, and anyway, I really didn't mind playing spectator.

Spectate I did, watching as Lori writhed, grinding against Carla's gyrating knee. Her eyes were scrunched shut and she was whimpering soft moans of pleasure. So, she didn't see Carla toss me the leather restraints. But, those eyes popped open when Carla leaned in and caught her wrists. Then, when the Ex stretched to pin Lori's wrists above her head, leaving the Ex's pussy exposed, distended labia peeled back from an unmistakably just fucked vagina, all I could do was groan. So, while Carla ravaged Lori's mouth with passion powered kisses, I briefly fantasized about all the wondrous things I could have been doing to the Ex's spectacularly exposed pussy. Busily indulging her own fantasy, Carla sat back, still on her knees and still straddling Lori's wet, pussy slickened thigh. And her growled "Leave them right there," left no doubt about what she meant.

Lori lay stretched out hands above her head as my grinning Ex hissed "Their now, all you have to do is cum!" And then, when she reached down to roughly drive a pair of fingers in to her expectant playmate's pussy; well, I wasn't the only one who sucked in a sharp gasp. Those fingers began to piston, slow, and then faster. And, all I could do was watch, fascinated as Carla's wickedly twisting rapid-fire penetrations left her fingers drenched and damn near dripping.

Lori's hands stayed put even as she began to buck. Her hips rocked-up, her gasped pants audible as she took Carla's plunging fingers deep. Then, those pistoning fingers began to slow, still rotating as Carla began to work Lori's clit over with a fast circling thumb. She likes doing a woman one-handed, and it wasn't my first time watching her do it either. I'd just never seen her skip the tease. But, like maybe she thought there was a prize for quick, she just flat out took Lori. Anyway, while I watched and listened Lori exploded in to a back-bowing orgasm, her second one so loud I briefly, very briefly worried about Hotel Security.
