 It was Friday night and we had a couple of hours to kill.

“How about going down to the club and knocking the ball around?” I asked.

“It’s pretty hot,” she said.

“So we dress cool and sweat a lot. We could both stand to sweat off a few pounds. Let’s bring some water and a couple of beers for fluid replacement.”

“Okay, let’s do it.” 

So we went to the bedroom to change into our tennis togs. She reached into her drawer and pulled out some shorts.

“No shorts! You gotta wear a tennis skirt!” I demanded.

“Okay, whatever.”

I pulled out a light polo shirt and some loose shorts. Normally I wear briefs when I play tennis, but this time I pulled out a gold thong she had given me for Valentine’s Day last year. Then I made a show of taking off my boxers and putting on the thong.

“Oooh, nice cheeks,” she said. “Is that going to work for tennis?”

“If they get too tight, I’ll take them off. At least my butt will be cool.”

She stepped out of her cotton panties and put on her navy tennis panties, not very sexy, but they had ball pockets built into them.

“Aren’t you going to wear a thong too?”

“No way, not with a tennis skirt!”

“I suppose you’re not going to go braless either.”

“Yeah right,” she responded.

I watched her take off her regular bra and put on her athletic bra.

“Your tits look great!” I volunteered.

She smiled, but didn’t say anything, although it looked to me like her nipples hardened and poked out just a bit.

We dropped our son off at his martial arts school and headed over to the club. We hadn’t made reservations, but figured Fridays are usually pretty slow, so we wouldn’t have any problem getting a court. Sure enough, courts one and two were being used, but all the courts in the other building were open.

“Let’s play on court seven,” I suggested.

“Okay.”

The “bubble” is an air supported dome over four courts. We went through the revolving doors and walked to the far end to court seven. Without other players on the courts, it was strangely silent. As expected, it was quite warm.

Both of us got out our rackets and began to stretch. When Betty bent over to touch her toes, I playfully lifted her skirt to expose her tennis panties. She noticed, but since no one else was around, she left it where it was. 

After stretching for a few moments more, we walked to opposite sides of the net and began to hit soft volleys to each other. In a few moments, we picked up the pace and were hitting crisp volleys and moving each other around a bit. In no time, we were warm and a bit sweaty. Then we moved to the baseline and hit ground strokes for about ten minutes.

“How about a game to eleven?” I asked.

“Okay, tonight you are going to get beat!”

“Oh really? How about a little side bet? The loser has to lose their underwear.”

Betty thought for a moment and said, “Only if you spot me five points.”

“Five points? I thought you said your were going to beat me tonight.”

“Five points,” she responded.

“Okay, you’re on.”

A game to eleven is not like regular tennis. The ball is hit over the net three times. On the fourth time, the point is alive and played out. Each live rally is worth one point and you must win by two. I usually win these games, but it is often close.

This time, I played a bit more seriously and went for winners when I would normally play to keep the rally alive. I had to work hard for it, but I did even up the score at nine all. Betty was starting to get nervous, which in her case, is a bad thing. She quickly lost the next two points. My game, eleven to nine.

I walked up to the net. “Hand them over,” I said and held my hand out.

“I can’t take my panties off here,” she said. “How about if I take them off after Paul (our son) goes to bed?”

“No way, you made a bet.”

“What if someone comes?”

“If that happens, we’ll quit and you can put your sweat pants on to cover up. Now pay up!”

She looked at the revolving door, four courts down. We would hear the door before we saw any people. Reluctantly, she lowered her panties, stepped out of them and handed them to me. Her tennis skirt was long enough to cover up everything, but if she ran, or stooped over, the view would be fantastic. I looked at her long and beautiful legs with the knowledge of what was hidden beneath her skirt. My penis began to harden. This made my thong extremely uncomfortable. So I dropped my shorts, took off the thong and put my shorts back on.

“Now we’re even. How about another game?” I asked.

“I’m not taking anything else off!”

“Okay, what should we bet?”

“I think maybe we should quit.”

“No way! I want to see you run around panty-less! How about if we just knock the ball around for a few minutes. If we can think of something to bet on, then we’ll start another game.”

“Well, I guess so.”

So we started hitting the ball to each other. The view as she moved was very erotic. Her lovely ass was often exposed as she ran to get the ball. Occasionally the front of the dress would fly up and I enjoyed a brief view of her pubic patch. When she bent over to pick up a ball, she would deliberately turn her back to me and bend over at the waist, exposing everything! I was having a wonderful time, but my game was falling apart and my shorts were bulging from my excitement.

“Time out,” I called and walked over to the bench to get a drink of water.

“How about that beer?” she asked.

“You bet.” I reached into our mini cooler and popped open her beer. She took it and drank half of it down immediately. “You must be thirsty,” I commented, “you never drink that fast.”

“I’m losing fluids.”

“Oh really? What kind of fluids?” I asked as I lifted the front of her skirt. She spread her legs slightly as I reached out to touch her pussy. It was dripping wet! My middle finger slid inside with no resistance. She moaned as I inserted it deeper into her dripping vagina. “Just a minute, I’ve got a surprise for you.” I went over to my bag and pulled out a new fingertip vibrator I had recently purchased. I placed it on my right index finger and began to massage up and down her moist opening.

“Over here,” I said and led her to the net post. She leaned against it. This way she was facing the door at the other end of the building. She would be able to see if anyone came in.

I reached for her pussy from behind and began to stroke all around her clitoris. With my left hand, I reached around and began to tweak her sensitive nipples. Soon she was moaning and gyrating with abandon. My vibrating finger went directly to her clit and stayed there. I knew she was close to orgasm.

“Stop,” she said, “I want your cock inside me.”

I backed up and sat down on the bench. I pulled my loose shorts aside and freed my erect member. She backed up to me, grabbed my shaft and guided it in as she sat down on my lap. Now she was rocking on my pole and massaging her own breasts and nipples. I reached around with my magic finger and found her clit.

She did all the work. I could only sit there and enjoy the intense feeling of her riding my cock, her vaginal muscles contracting spasmodically. Then her pussy tightened hard as she began to come. The extra tightness literally squeezed the come right out of me and we both came in a mutual, thundering orgasm.

When it was over, we both sat there stunned. Too spent to move. I was about to say something when the revolving door began to move. She quickly sprang up and straightened her tennis skirt, and I, just as quickly, slid my shorts over my glistening cock.

Coming through the door was a couple that we knew well. We had played them many times in mixed doubles and always enjoyed the match. They waved and headed to our court.

“Hi guys!” said Jim as they came near. “Do you want to play some doubles?”

I looked at Betty. Her face was beet red with a combination of past exertion and present embarrassment. “Sorry Jim, we just came down to hit a few and now we have to go pick up Paul. Thanks for the offer though.”

We began to pick up our things. I bent down and retrieved Betty’s bag from the ground so she wouldn’t have to bend over to pick it up. Then we headed toward the door. I was holding my bag so it covered up the huge wet spot on the front of my shorts. We left the courts, walked through the lobby and headed for our car.

I opened the door for Betty, but she just stood there.

“Would you please get a towel out of one of the bags?” she asked.

“Sure,” I said and did so.

She accepted the towel and said, “Thank God nobody noticed.”

I looked down and saw that our mingled cum had run all the way down her leg. There was a little pool of the milky stuff gathered just above her sock.

I couldn’t help but laugh. Soon she was laughing too as she wiped down her legs and crotch

“Maybe you should sit on that towel on the ride home,” I suggested.

She spread the towel on the seat and climbed in, not realizing she gave me a tantalizing glimpse of her bare ass as she stepped up into the van and a full view of her pussy as she slid onto the seat. I closed the door and walked around to the other side.

When I got in and closed the door, we both began to laugh again. Almost hysterically. Finally we calmed down. I wiped the tears from my eyes and drove off.

“That was the best time I’ve ever had playing tennis,” I said.

“Me too,” she said. “Do you think Jim and Martha suspected anything?”

“I doubt it. But it’s a good thing they didn’t come in 2 minutes sooner.”

“I can’t believe we did what we just did!” she exclaimed.

“It’s all your fault.”

“What?”

“Sure, if you weren’t so damn sexy, none of this would have happened.”

“And that makes it my fault?”

“Absolutely!”