 Roxy stood waiting at the airport to pick up here best friend. She missed Spencer dearly who had re-enlisted in the Marine Corp. and had just served about a year in Iraq. They had met at a party once and Roxy enjoyed waking up in his arms the next morning. They had remained close ever since. Knowing what he liked she had a surprise for him waiting at her place.

She smiled as she saw him walking down the hall and he looked smiling, walking faster. They kissed and hugged tightly after he dropped his bag. Roxy was thrilled to have him back in her arms again, safe and sound. "You still look just as beautiful as the day I left," Spencer complimented. He pushed her back in order to look her over. Loving the long back trench coat she wore and the sexy red heels. 

Roxy smiled in return, "Thank you. You're still the reason I love Marines."

Laughing, he grabbed his bag then placed his arm around her waist to lead her out of the airport. "So got any plans for me while I'm here?"

"A couple," Roxy replied. Getting in the car she smiled to herself when she saw the tops of her thigh highs show as her coat rode up her thighs. He was going to love his visit with her. 

Spencer looked over at the view, immediately he began getting hard. Not being able to resist he popped the strap holding her stockings up against her. Flinching, Roxy smacked him playfully on his stomach. He took the hand that hit him and held it for a moment. "I missed you Roxy," he stated softly before letting her hand go. 

Roxy reached for his hang again, "I missed you too Spencer." She knew he had always had a hard time with feelings and how to express them. They had dated before he had ever joined the Marines but their break-up drove them to the paths they chose. Through a near death experience Spencer had, had in his first deployment they found each other again, but this was their first time seeing each other since their break-up.

"How's business been for you?" Spencer asked. He wanted to get back to normal by changing the subject and he let go of her hand. 

Taking a deep breath to move on from saying what she initially wanted to. "It's been steady. I've been making new friends everywhere I go. How are the Marines going?" she asked, attempting to make him jealous. 

Spencer cleared his throat before answering. "It's going good; I got a friend in every town." He knew what he had started and the game she was playing but he couldn't help but play along.

Roxy didn't want to ruin his time home so she decided to apologize. "Look, let's not fuck up the time we have together ok? I'm sorry for being a bitch."

"Me too, I'm sorry Roxy," Spencer replied. As they stopped at a red-light he put a hand on her face to gently turn her towards him so he could lay a soft kiss on her lips. 

"Mmm, still got it baby," she whispered as she pulled away.

Spencer gave her his signature look, "Darling', there ain't much I have lost."

Smiling, she drove on. This time together was going to be great, she thought to herself. Looking down her smile broadened at the hand rubbing up and down her thigh. Nonchalantly she widened her legs to allow him better access to rub her skin. 

"You like that?" Spencer asked, cockily.

She looked at him smartly, "Do you even have to ask because you know I do."

With that his hand moved slowly higher up her thigh until he could feel the warmth radiating from her womanhood. He moved his thumb over the sensitive flesh of her inner thigh, smiling as he felt it shiver and twitch in response. Spencer knew now that the anticipation was rapidly increasing inside her and he grew harder as he watched her try to squirm around discreetly. Some things will never change, he thought to himself. 

Soon Roxy pulled in the lot of her apartment complex. Spencer reflected both a look of surprise at how nice it looked and gratitude that he was home. Or at least where he thought he belonged. Dropping his bags he grabbed her by the arm before she could walk away. He yanked her back in front of him and fiercely crushed his lips to hers. His hands wrapped around her tightly to bring her closer. Thoughts and motions swarmed inside him as he tried blocking it he ran his hands and mouth over her. "I missed you Roxy," he breathed in her ear as he tried slowing and calming down.

She looked up into his eyes and replied, "I missed you too Spencer." Reaching an arm around his neck she brought his mouth back to hers. Old feelings began barging in on her emotional state, forcing her to hold back tears. She had to calm herself as she broke the kiss and backed away. "Give me just a minute; I need to use the bathroom. Feel free to make yourself at home."

"Ok," he replied, puzzled at the interruption. After watching her disappear into her room he walked over to grab a beer out of the fridge. That was strange of her, he thought to himself. He shrugged his shoulders though before taking a swig, looking around her place as he waited. 

"Spencer?!" Roxy shouted from her bedroom a few minutes later. "Come on back here, I have something you need to see!"

Quickly he moved to the end of the hall. As he entered her room his mouth dropped. Looking around at the scattered candles flickering light across the walls, it was a fantasy he had always wanted to live. Spencer looked at Roxy and smiled tenderly before walking to her. 

"Do you like it?" she asked. Looking up into his face as his arms wrapped around her waist to pull her close.

"I love it baby," he replied before softly laying his lips on hers. His hands moved around to start unbuttoning her jacket. He was shocked when she moved his hands away. Thinking she was playing hard to get he tried again then broke the kiss when she shoved his hands away one more time. "Roxy, what's the matter, am I doing something wrong?"

"Yes," she smiled. She pulled him over to sit on the bed to watch her. "I want to do this my way." Hitting the play button on the stereo she began moving her body to the music while untying her belt. She looked at Spencer smiling with enjoyment and getting aroused at the anticipation. With the steady erotic rhythm of the music she continued her striptease, unfastening one button at a time. Finally she slid the jacket off one shoulder before turning around to slide it off the other. She released the jacket and waited a second before turning back around to face him. 

"You've been watching Gypsy Rose Lee again, haven't you?" he asked, laughing a bit. 

"Yes. So?"

"I like it and you know it."

"Then show me how much you liked it."

"C'mere baby and I will."

Roxy stood in front of him before putting a foot on the bed right beside him. Her want for him was getting uncontrollable and knew she was so wet she had soaked her panties. She smiled as Spencer's hand came to rest on her thigh next to her pelvis.

"Wearing my favorite color baby, I like it," Spencer spoke deeply as the intensity that had been building in him flavored his voice. He let his eyes roam over her body that posed in its bare essentials. A lacy back bra holding what he longed to devour with his mouth. His gaze met her hips covered in matching underwear that had the straps connecting them to her thigh highs. For fun he popped the strap on her thigh and smiled to look and see her giving him an evil glare. To make her smile he slid his thumb around to play with her clit followed by two fingers inside her. He couldn't believe how wet she was already but smiled as he thought to himself that she'd be drenched by the time he was done. Spencer began moving frantically in and around her pussy, her moans letting him know he still hadn't lost his touch. 

Roxy dug her nails into his shoulder as she leaned on him for support. She tried to hold her orgasm back but was finding it more difficult. Quickly she took both breasts out of their cups to rub them roughly and twist her nipples. She pulled Spencer's mouth to her cleavage fiercely in order to devour her breasts and add to her ecstasy. His mouth rubbing against her flesh while his fingers circled and probed as his tongue flicked and his teeth bit her nipples. All the erotic sensations coming at her from all over filled her up and soon she couldn't take it any longer. She crumbled onto Spencer's shoulders as her orgasm flowed out of her.

Spencer smiled to himself, drenched, just like he knew she would be. He lay down on the bed and looked at her, still trying to recover. "C'mere and sit on my face baby doll, your Suga wants to get a taste of those lips," he spoke deeply.

Roxy composed herself as she got completely naked. She bent over to unfasten his belt and jeans. Taking the hint he helped her out of the rest of his clothes. After freeing his erect member she stroked before Spencer began pulling her up towards him "I wanted that," Roxy remarked, pouting. 

"We'll do a sixty-nine baby so we both get what we want, but first I want you to get situated on top of me."

She quickly situated her wet pussy over his mouth. Feeling the flicking of his tongue inside of her made her become aroused again. Finally; she blocked out the sensual feeling long enough to begin sucking on the tip of his penis. Teasing him she eased down a little lower until she had him all in her, Roxy's hands came up to hold the shaft and rub his testicles while her head bobbed up and down steadily. She could taste his salty precum as she picked up her pace.

"Oh baby, keep that up and we won't even need a condom," Spencer breathed out heavily. 

Laughing a little Roxy continued sucking fast and deep on his cock. She moved over to suckle and scrap her teeth against each of his balls. She wanted to taste his cum in her mouth, a taste that meant she had made her man happy. As she kept bobbing her head on his dick she realized that he no longer was cleaning her pussy. Roxy knew that he would cum soon as his hips began bucking against her lips. 

"Ooooh," moaned from his lips. "Aaah." His groans became louder as his hips moved faster. Roxy moved quicker to bring him on to cumming and soon the salty fluid erupted in her mouth. She made sure that she licked up and cleaned his cock thoroughly, almost making him erect again. After she finished up Spencer pulled Roxy up beside him. He held her close in his arms and brought the blanket up over them. He had missed this, the fun he and Roxy had together, the quiet moments, everything. 

She laid there, content, as she ran her fingers through his chest hair. They had been good together and she wished it had never ended. Times had changed though and the saying that all good things must come to an end was true for her. Soon her want and arousal came over her again so slowly her hand glided down his stomach until it reached the shaft of his halfway flaccid member. It erected again and she jerked him off more vigorously until precum oozed out. Roxy engulfed her mouth around it one more time as her hand reached to rub his balls. 

"Get on top of it a baby and ride," Spencer suggested. Roxy moved down and positioned herself on top of him. Instant satisfaction came over her as she lowered herself on to him and felt her womanhood filled. Smiling devilishly at him she began to move up and down. His hands came up to knead and rub her breasts, sometimes twisting and pinching the nipple. Roxy bent down to crush her lips upon his and when she did he pulled her up farther to suckle on her breasts. His teeth grazed and bit each one as he worked on leaving marks. "Mmm, move and let me hit it from behind," Spencer spoke heavily in her ear as his mouth roamed over it and her neck making her squirm.

"Yeah baby, hit me how I like it," Roxy purred while getting on all fours. She stuck her ass out temptingly then smiled seductively over her shoulder before his hand smacked her behind. She hissed but smiled again, wiggling her body to urge him to enter her. Spencer slammed into her making her groan in pain and pleasure. His thrusts were strong and fierce as he pounded into her, the sound of skin slapping skin. He smacked her ass over and over again, making each cheek a bright red, and she hissed and moaned in response. 

"You like that?" he asked as he continued to pound her. "You like the way I fuck that pussy?" Spencer grabbed a handful of hair then jerked it back and popped her ass again. 

Roxy groaned in the painful pleasure, "Oh yes baby, yes!"

Spencer brought a hand to her back to press his nails in her skin. Slowly he ran them down the length of her back as he kept ramming into her. She bucked and arched at the feeling. He did it again but faster this time. His thrusts became frantic as both neared their climax. 

"Ahh!" Roxy almost screamed as her orgasm bloomed in her.

"Turn around, hurry!" Spencer ordered. "I want you to suck it clean." He pulled out before he could cum in her. She turned quickly to take his penis in her mouth and began sucking. Her mouth became flooded with the salty taste that mixed with her juices that had been on his dick. Her tongue lapped at it until it was clean. He pulled away to push her down on the bed to do the same. After he finished he lay beside her, "How was that? Was that better than any of your clients?"

She chuckled, "It was good and yes."

"Do I get the military discount?"

"I'll consider it. Will that be cash, check, or charge?"