 I am sorry in advance for any historically incorrect things in this story. Also, there may be a few factually incorrect things in this story, but I found them necessary for the plot.

A big thanks to the comments on my previous chapters. Constructive criticism is strongly encouraged!

I highly recommend reading my first six chapters before this one.

For those who are waiting for my chapters, I'm so sorry it's been taking me so long. I promise that I'm working on them every chance I get.

*****

Chapter VII

Douglas

I knock on Luke's door, asking him through the thick piece of wood if he could come to my bathing chambers to ready my bath.

"Yes, my lord. I'll be there in just a moment," he responds.

I walk to my bathing chambers by myself and get undressed. I sit by the fireplace and look out the small window, thinking about my lovely wife and how nice it is to fuck her.

It takes Luke less than five minutes to come walk through the door and start my bath.

"How are you doing today, Luke?" I ask him. He's been acting quite down recently... ever since Jade and I found him and Mary in the bushes.

"I'm doing fine, my lord. How are you?"

"Bullshit. You've been down for quite some time. Will you please tell me what's wrong?" I ask.

"Well, the lady I was courting misunderstood me, then went and slept with someone else," he says bluntly.

"This lady you were courting, do I know her?"

"Oh, um... not really. Kind of... but, no," he stumbles.

"What's her name? Maybe Princess Jade knows her."

"I don't think, um... I probably shouldn't say anything, if that's alright with you," he says, obviously too emotional to talk about it.

"Alright, alright. Is my bath ready?"

"Yes, my lord. Go ahead and get in. I'll be back in a moment, I forgot to grab you some clothes," he hurries out the door.

I climb into the basin and lean back, enjoying how the hot water feels on my skin in contrast to the cold air.

It takes Luke longer than it usually does to grab clothes and come back. He walks back through the door about ten minutes later, his eyes slightly puffy. I can tell he's been crying.

"Luke, if you want to talk in hypotheticals about what's troubling you, maybe I can help," I suggest.

"It's quite alright, my lord. This lady and I have talked about it in quite some length. I don't know what I could talk through that I haven't talked through already," he replies sullenly. I decide to drop it; there's no use in prying if he's obviously unwilling to talk about it.

"Okay, then. Let's get me cleaned up so I can join my wife for dinner," I reply.

---~~~---

Jade

I'm freaking out just a little. The blood is so unexpected, I wasn't due for another week or so. My cycle has always been regular, so I'm not sure why it's early.

I forgot Mary was at the door until she speaks, "Is everything okay in there?" she asks through the door.

"Coming!" I say loudly. I get up and jog to the door, unlocking and opening it while standing behind it. Just in case anyone is in the hall.

"What took you so long to come to the door?" Mary asks, obviously worried, "I knew what you were wanting time to do, I thought I gave you enough time. Did I ruin it for you?" she continues. I shut the door and lock it again.

"It's not that... I mean you didn't ruin it for me. I finished a while ago. I'm just freaking out. Because..." I let my voice trail off as I gesture to first the stain of blood I left on the rug, and then to my hands and my upper thighs, which are also covered with blood.

"Oh! You're bleeding! That's a good thing, right?" she asks.

"Yes, for a lot of reasons. But there's blood all over the rug, I don't think anyone else should know what I was doing. It'll be hard to explain it any other way," I say quickly.

"Help me throw it in the basin, I'll pour hot water on it and scrub it some," she responds, moving just as quick to lift the rug up. I follow her, still naked.

We lift the rug, with some struggle, into the basin. She runs to grab some water to warm up on the fireplace. It takes an annoyingly long time for it to heat up.

She pours the water over the rug, and, to my relief, some of the blood washes away without having to be scrubbed. The rest comes off quickly with only a few scrubs.

"That was scary," I murmur.

"It's okay, Jade. Let's get you cleaned up now. Look at the bright side, now Prince Douglas will have to be gentle while he puts a baby inside you," she responds.

"He has to be gentle for me to get pregnant?" I ask excitedly.

"That's what I've been told," she smiles.

"That's the best news I've heard in a long time," I smile back. I help her empty out the bath, then stand in the basin so I don't get blood everywhere while my bath water heats up. Mary has to run to her room to change her dress since the rug got some blood on it.

Mary takes her time washing me. She wants to make sure I look nice tonight. She knows that once Prince Douglas finds out that I'm bleeding he'll want to fuck me again.

I step out of the bath, Mary ready with some special panties I had made for when I'm bleeding. They do a wonderful job in keeping all of the blood contained. She helps me into a dress that has black skirts but a bright purple top. The black will hide any blood that might seep through while the purple keeps it from looking like a widow's dress.

Mary goes to the balcony-like plateau on the other side of a door leading from my bathing chambers. She fills a small pouch with some lavender and rosemary for me to wear to hide the smell of blood. She quickly does my hair in something elegant, yet simple.

From when I knocked on Mary's door to the time I leave my bathing room, about an hour and a half has passed by. Mary and I walk down to the dining hall where Douglas and Luke are waiting. When they see us, they stand quickly.

"You smell nice," Douglas says, raising an arm out for me to slip mine through. I simply smile as we walk through the doors to the wonderful smell of food.

After dinner, Douglas and I agree that we should do some reading. It seems like it's been forever since I've been down in the library.

"Would you mind if I kept reading the book you love so much? I'm not sure if you want to read it now, but I'm enjoying it," Douglas asks with a smile. I'm surprised he's asking since it's his library.

"I wouldn't mind one bit. There's a different book I want to read first, anyways," I reply, smiling with him. We walk side by side to the library, going our separate ways when we reach the door.

Mary and Luke had been following us, and when Douglas and I split, so do they.

I sit in my special spot again, Mary sitting right next to me. I grab the next book I have in queue and flip to the first page.

This book is smaller than ones I normally read. It's about a soldier from one side of a war and a peasant girl on the other side. They fall in love before they realize who the other is. It's all very dramatic and romantic. I love those types of stories.

Mary reads her book slowly. The library here is in sections for each of the stages in a person's life. Ones for toddlers, kids, teens, and adults. Of course, the latter is the most expansive section. Right now Mary is working on the kid's books, but she's getting better every time she reads. I suspect that soon enough she'll be reading at my level.

It doesn't take long before I start to feel drowsy. It's been a very long day, and all I want is some sleep. I mark my place in my book and stand up.

"Mary, if you want to stay here you can. I don't need help getting to bed. I'll see you tomorrow," I smile down at her. She nods her head and smiles up at me, then looks back down to continue reading. I walk over to where Douglas is sitting, Luke beside him reading a kid's book as well.

When Douglas looks up at me I smile, "I'm going up to our room to get some sleep. You wore me out today, I need to rest for tomorrow. If you don't come up before I'm asleep, I'll see you tomorrow," I give him a kiss on the cheek.

"Sounds wonderful, my wife. I don't know how long I'll be down here, but I'm getting close to the end," he holds up his book, showing me that he only has a few more chapters, "Goodnight."

"Goodnight," I reply. I walk out of the library and up to our room. I change out of my dress and bralette and into my nightgown, putting on a fresh pair of underwear for the night. I tuck a new pouch of lavender and rosemary into my panties and lay down. I'll tell Douglas tomorrow about my cycle status.

---~~~---

Douglas

After about thirty minutes, I finish the book Jade recommended to me. I get up and put the book back where Jade took it from.

"My lord, I don't mean to pry, but I noticed Princess Jade was wearing some sweet smelling flowers around her neck in a pouch of hers," Luke says to me as I walk back over to him.

"I noticed that as well. It smells lovely, doesn't it?" I ask.

"It does. I do know, however, that women wear those types of things when they're bleeding," he says cautiously.

"You think she's bleeding?" I ask.

"I don't know for sure since I don't talk to her. But I see the signs."

"Hmm, maybe so. She wasn't earlier, but she could've started within the last few hours."

"That means you're going to try to produce an heir, right?" he asks.

"Well, yes. I've never fucked a woman while she's bleeding before. Have you?"

"No, but I've been told that the only way to get her pregnant is to make her cum, as well as being gentle while you fuck her. To get her pregnant it requires making love to her, and getting her to finish after you makes her body accept your cum more easily. It opens up her womb. Being rough is too traumatizing for the woman's body to want to keep a baby inside her. Once she's pregnant you can't be rough either. The baby will want to leave her womb too early for it to live."

"That makes sense, though I don't see how her body would know for sure."

"A woman's body is a mysterious thing, my lord," Luke replies.

I chuckle, "That it is. Do you think I must be gentle before I fuck her to produce an heir? By that I mean can I be rough one more time while she's bleeding, or do I have to wait until after she's had the baby?"

"I believe you must be gentle the whole time. From what I've heard, you shouldn't be rough again until she's done breastfeeding. Being rough when she's still producing milk will make it go sour," he replies.

"That's a shame. I like being rough..." I sigh, "Well, I'm going to go to bed, Luke. You can finish what you're reading, I'll get myself ready tonight."

"Sounds good, my lord. I'll see you tomorrow. Goodnight," he replies. He glances over to where Mary is sitting. The only reason he knows she's still there is because there's a small flicker of a candle across the library, reflecting off the walls.

I walk up to the room I share with my wife, coming in quietly as to not wake her up. I slip out of my day clothes and into my loose night pants, thinking about producing an heir with her. I climb into our bed and fall asleep quickly.

---

The next morning, I wake up to Jade scooting closer to cuddle into my chest.

"Good morning, my prince. I have something to tell you," she says sleepily when she feels me stir.

"Is it that you're bleeding?" I ask.

She gasps, "How did you know?"

"I talked to Luke last night. He said that women wear those pouches you were wearing yesterday when they're bleeding. It was an educated guess," I reply. I sit up and smile down at her.

"Well, he would be right. I do wish you guys wouldn't have talked about it, but you will do what you want. As you should, you will be a king soon enough."

"Yes, I will. So that means we must produce an heir."

"Must? You make it sound like it's a burden to do so, my prince," she replies.

"A burden? Heaven's no! Having sex with you is all but that," I smile down at her again, petting her cheek. She smiles up at me.

"Would you like to get started, then?" she asks cautiously. I wonder if she knows I must be gentle from now until she's done breastfeeding.

"I would love nothing more," I chuckle, then kiss her sweet lips. I wrap my arms around her to pull her on top of me. She kisses me softly as she straddles me.

I reach down to the hem of her nightgown and take it off swiftly. I reach down to grab her ass, noticing her panties are a little thicker than they normally are.

"I-I'm sorry... I should've mentioned, I'm wearing underwear I had made for when I'm bleeding. It keeps it contained, for lack of a better word. I hope you're not put off by it," she says nervously.

"I'm not put off, my wife. I was only a little confused. Would you feel more comfortable if you took them off yourself?" I ask politely. She nods her head and stands up next to the bed. She slips them off somewhat elegantly, at least as elegantly as one can.

Instead of straddling me again, she pulls at my pants. I lift myself up so she can take them off, my cock already growing from just the thought of being inside her.

"We might want to put down another quilt so that I won't stain anything," Jade says quietly. I think she must be embarrassed about the fact that she's bleeding.

There's a lot of stigma around it; a lot of people think it's unnatural and wrong. I see it as the opposite. Her body is just doing it's job. I don't see why anyone would accuse a woman of being unclean for something she cannot control. The fact that a woman's body can create another life should be proof that it isn't disgusting. In my eyes, it's beautiful.

"Princess, I don't mind. The servants can clean the blood out. You're just as sexy as when you're not bleeding. Now come here," I smile and pull her onto the bed. She climbs on top of me, both of us now undressed.

"I didn't want you to not want to have sex with me because I'm bleeding, my prince. I thought you would want to just have sex with me quickly to get it over with..." she trails off.

"I don't know if you know this, but for me to put a baby in you there are a few guidelines. One is that I must be gentle from here until you're done breastfeeding. Apparently your magnificent body will decide that it isn't safe for you to have children if I'm anything but gentle... at least until your next cycle begins. And after you've given birth, your milk will sour if I'm rough with you after that. Also, on top of me having to cum inside you, I must get you to finish as well. It makes your womb more accepting," I explain. Her eyes sparkle when I say I must be gentle, then she smiles wide when I say that I must make her cum as well.

"If that's how it must be done..." she giggles lightly.

"You're adorable, you know that?" I say to her. I know these kind words will help get her ready for me. I can feel her blood dripping lightly onto my cock, which she is sitting over.

"Y-you really think so?" she asks quietly.

"I really do," I reply, my cock pulsing. I want to be inside her so bad. I want to fuck the living daylight out of her, but I can't do that for a while yet.

I lift her up slightly so I can aim at her pussy, her blood being enough to lubricate her. I let go of her hips when I feel my head enter her, letting her sink down at her own pace. It takes her a few seconds to get down all the way, but it's probably because of how I've been treating her. I'm guessing she's sore.

"Mmm," she moans lightly when her clit hits my pelvic bone.

"You like having me inside you, princess?" I ask.

"You said I could swear while you were inside me, right?" she asks.

"Yes, if you want to," I reply.

"Then fuck yeah, I like you being inside me," she smiles. I smile back at her, making eye contact with her.

"That's what I like to hear," I kiss her. I put my hands on her hips to guide her up and down. I want it to be good for her, but I also want it to be satisfying for me too.

"Would you like it if I moaned for you, or would you rather have me quiet?" she asks.

"Whatever you're most comfortable with. But I'll add that I do like your noises," I respond.

"Mmm, okay. I like you guiding me like this, Douglas. It feels so good. But I would like to try by myself..." she shudders. She slowly takes charge, moving herself up and down faster than what I've been urging. She leans her body against mine, moaning into my ear. Fuck, this feels so good.

I feel myself getting closer, so I reach down to stop her hips, "Careful, Jade. You might make me cum too soon," I chuckle. She giggles with me.

"I'm sorry. I just love fucking myself with your big cock," she groans. Holy shit, when did my wife learn to talk like this? It's really fucking hot...

"Fuuuck, I love hearing you talk about my dick like that," I answer. I hold her close to me and flip us around, her laying on her back and me still inside her. I move my hips forward and back, leaning down to kiss Jade. She looks so pretty like this. Her porcelain skin against the dark comforter, her long hair sprawled out by her face.

I reach behind her head to grab a handful of her hair. I don't yank on it like I normally would, instead I use it to hold her close to me. I use it to keep her kissing me. Her wetness is making the sex so much better than when I just use my saliva.

I kiss her neck, her moans loud. I'm sure anyone remotely close to our bedroom would be able to hear her.

"Fuck, Douglas. That feels so good," she moans, "I love you- this... I love this," she corrects herself. Her body stiffens with her slip up, hoping I won't freak out. But, we are married. It's only normal for her to love me. And it would be normal for me to love her in return. I'm not sure if I'm there yet, though. I don't want to lie to my wife, so I just pretend I didn't hear her slip up.

"You love this, do you? You love me making love to you slow and gentle?" I ask.

"Yes, that's what I love. I love how wet I am and how you're hitting a certain spot inside me that just feels so damn good," she slowly relaxes.

"I think I need to cum before you do, so that way your tight pussy will clench the cum I dump in you. I was told making you cum opens up your womb, so I think that's the best way to make it happen," I say softly.

"That sounds about right. I am getting pretty close... maybe I can finish twice tonight?"

"If you want to, you can," I smile. I move my hips faster, knowing that hitting this spot she's talking about will bring her closer. I can feel her pussy getting tighter, so I hit my hips a little harder against her clit so she can cum.

Just as I start hitting it, she cums with me inside her. It's so hot, I have to consciously tell myself not to cum as well. Her moans fill up the room, echoing off the walls.

"Fuck fuck fuck, mmm, Douglas," she mutters as she comes down from her orgasm.

"Was that good?" I ask her, stilling inside her so I can take a break. I got really close to finishing, so it's probably wise to calm down before I thrust into her any more.

"Yeah, it really was. Thank you," she smiles brightly.

"There's more to come, you know. You need to finish again after I cum inside you."

"I won't mind," she giggles. I chuckle with her.

"I know you won't. I got very close to finishing while you were cumming, so I had to slow down. I hope you're not too sensitive for me to continue?"

"Not at all. Please, keep making love to me," she moans. I do as she says, rocking my hips back and forth again. Since I was so close before, it doesn't take me long to get back to that point again.

"Mmm, Jade. I think I'm going to finish soon. I don't know how well I'll be able to stop myself from pounding into you when I cum, but I'll do my best to be gentle. Your pussy just feels too good to cum calmly... oh, fuck," I mutter, my cock suddenly bursting. I moan loudly, fucking her into the mattress. Rope after thick, hot rope shoots out of me, coating her insides with my fertile seed.
