 Julia's parents arrived right on time. Jake walked in a couple of minutes later with the pizzas. Kissing the kids good-bye, and promising not to be out too late, they left for dinner and a night out.

She was wearing the new dress he had bought her. Julia could see that as he drove, Jake had a difficult time keeping his eyes off of her. She liked it. "You'd better keep your eyes on the road mister," she teased.

"I'm trying but it's rather difficult with you looking as good as you do," he answered, tossing a glance at the road before continuing to stare at her. He knew they were almost at their destination, and that if he was going to ask her he had to do it now.

"I know you can't wear a bra with that dress..."

"And I know how much that turns you on," she cut in as her hand settled on his rock hard cock.

"...yes it does. I was going to say that I know you can't wear a bra, but maybe tonight you could slip off your panties too? Have a little risqué fun at dinner and the mall afterwards?"

Julia turned to face him and gave a half frown. "Babe, I can't do that..."

Feeling he needed to press his case he cut her off, "Please! I've asked a hundred times before and you've always said no. The kids aren't here, no one will know us, it's not like I'm asking you to flash anyone..."

Her half frown had turned one hundred and eighty degrees to a half smile. "Babe I can't do that," she said with emphasis to indicate the topic was closed, "because I need to be wearing panties to take them off." Her half smile had bloomed into a mischievous grin.

Jake's head snapped to the right so fast she was certain that he was going to pinch a nerve. He stared at her and said nothing. His eyes dropped to the hem of her dress as if he could move it upward with his eyes to test the truth of her words.

Feeling a bit naughty she said, "Oh fine, here." Grabbing the bottom of her dress with both hands she lifted her ass from the seat and pulled the dress up, exposing her freshly shaven and panty-less nether region to him. His eyes bulged, and his own shit eating grin blossomed. She could feel her excitement growing.

"Down boy," she teased as she lowered her dress, "they'll be time enough for that later."

"Maybe sooner than you think," he offered taking the opportunity to throw his own I have a secret smile at her.

"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked.

"I guess you'll have to wait until dinner is over to see," he answered. They drove the remaining fifteen minutes stewing silently in the conspicuous sexual tension they had worked together to make.

The burgers at Fuddruckers had been top notch, though it was a standing joke between them that every meal they ate alone tasted superb. As they walked hand in hand through the parking lot Jake could only shake his head in disbelief at the treat Julia had just given him. 

They had been sitting at a corner booth. After their server had dropped the check off, Julia picked it up and looked it over. She then made a blatant display of dropping it under the table. "Can you get that for me hun?" she asked.

Jake ducked his upper body under the table and was stunned at what he saw. Julia had spread her legs and lifted her dress. The fingers of her right hand were slowly but surely sliding in and out of her nearly bald pussy. Staring for what felt like an hour, he grabbed the check when she closed her legs and waved her fingers at him under the table in a no-no manner. 

He popped his head back above the table and was greeted with the most sexually charged mischievous grin his wife had ever graced him with. He rushed to pay the tab, and then led her by the hand into the parking lot.

"How quickly can you get us home?" Julia moaned in his ear as she nibbled his neck, "I'm so horny for you right now..."

"You just can't wait can you?" he teased as they approached their Jeep.

She had her hands all over him. Backing him against the driver's side door she leaned into him for a kiss, her left hand snaking into his pants and grasping his hard cock. "I don't know if I can...I want you right now..."

Their mouths met again. Typically the one to initiate their French kissing, Jake knew how worked up she was by the feverish way her tongue probed his mouth.

"Get in, it's time for my surprise," he said as he grudgingly ended their kiss. He watched her delicate derriere as she walked around the Jeep.

A few minutes later Jake pulled into the Holiday Inn on the other side of the road.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Jake removed the room key from his pocket and handed it to her. "I took a chance that maybe we'd be in the mood tonight, and I got us a room."

"Hun we can't..." she started but he cut her off.

"I'm not planning on staying the night. Your parents know we'll be home late, so we have a few hours to enjoy ourselves here. It's already paid for so it's no use arguing."

Her eyes flashed with unbridled passion. Grabbing his still hard dick through his jeans she asked, "What are we waiting for?"

He parked and they went in. Hand in hand they strode through the lobby towards their room. The noise from the lounge indicated there was live entertainment on tap that evening. 

Coming to their room he swiped his key card and held the door open for Julia. She stepped inside the door and spun around quickly. Grabbing him by the belt she pulled him into the room, and pushed him back against the door closing it; her fingers working his belt buckle before the door had clocked shut.

Wasting no time she yanked his pants and boxers to the floor as she went to her knees. Parting her lips she took him into her mouth, loving the sensation of his hard warm cock sliding along her tongue. She moved her head back and forth while sliding her hand along his saliva coated cock, her pussy growing wetter with every moan he made.

"Holy shit babe...oh my God that feel so good," Jake groaned. He leaned against the door for support as his knees grew weak from the blowjob she was giving him. He slid his left hand behind her head and moved it in rhythm with her. "Babe...oh shit babe...you gotta stop or I'm gonna cum....this feels too fucking good....oh shit hun...I'm almost there..."

Julia knew he was right there. After more than twenty years together you got to know your spouse as good as or even better than they knew themselves. She had felt his balls tighten and his cock throb in the imminent sign of eruption a minute before he had warned her, but she couldn't stop. She hadn't intended to bring him off with her mouth. Sitting at dinner all she could think about was him plunging his six and a half inches into her as hard and fast as he could, sending his cum deep into her womb, but that was then. Now she wanted something else.

For no reason she could explain she was overcome with the urge, not the NEED, to feel him spurting in her mouth and down her throat. In all their years she had only done that for him once, and though the feeling of it was as sensual and powerful in a way she couldn't describe, the taste was just awful. She could never understand the way some of her friends talked to lovingly of swallowing the semen of their man. Yet here she was on her knees in a hotel room, longing to feel his hot sticky cum spurting in her mouth and sliding down her throat. Feeling the final twitch in his cock, and his balls tighten that last bit she knew she was about to receive her wish.

"Ohhh shhiiiiitttttt," Jake screamed as he came, erupting with four powerful spurts into her vacuum like mouth. Both of his hands now held her head in place as he moaned through one of the most powerful orgasms he'd ever had.

She'd stopped moving her head when he came. His first spurt went down her throat, and she swallowed it quickly. The next three sprayed the inside of her mouth. She swallowed again, feeling herself on the edge of orgasm herself. Using her right hand she slowly milked every drop of cum from him, surprised at the sudden craving she had to taste every drop, determined not to spill any of it on her dress or the floor. She continued her slow and gentle work on his cock for another three minutes until she was satisfied she had drained him. His cock was still hard, and for this she was grateful.

Awash in a sea of lustful feelings unlike any she'd ever had before she slowly stood up. With his eyes locked on hers she slid her right rand under her dress and slipped two fingers into her soaking cunt. When it was good and coated she brought them to his mouth, and moaned as he sucked them as she had only moment ago sucked his dick. 

Removing her fingers she mashed her body against his and kissed him. As their tongues danced they tasted themselves, this new experience driving them further into the throes of lust. She needed him now. She had to feel him inside her, she couldn't last another minute without it.

Julia turned from him and grabbed the back of the chair that was near the door. With her left hand she slid her dress up and exposed her cherry of an ass to him. Spreading her legs she looked over her shoulder and ordered him, "Fuck me. Fuck me now!"

Jake hadn't needed her to tell him twice. He stepped behind her, his cock still wet with her saliva. Placing his left hand on her ass he put his wet cockhead at her opening and slid it around, teasing her. Her juices ran from her, wetting his cock even more as he rubbed her with it. He could feel her body tensing in frustration.

"Quit teasing me and put it in!" she begged him.

Without warning he thrust past her pink lips, filling her completely. Holding himself steady, his pubic hair mashed against her bare ass, he reached around her hips and found where they were joined with his right hand. His left hand slid into her dress and cupped her breast as the first three fingers of his right hand flew across her clit, his hips still and his cock buried deep within her.

Julia cried out repeatedly as he flicked her clit. She could feel his cock throbbing inside her but she longed to feel it sliding in and out. "Oh fuck...oh shit no...oh God...baby...ohhhh....baby please...oh shit oh shit oh fuckkkk....." came her words, her fingers digging into the chair as her orgasm raced towards release.

Jake was certain he had heard voices and footsteps in the hall just before he had thrust into her. Now he heard no footsteps but the voices sounded as though they were right at the door. He decided to give them the show they were listening for. He plucked away at her clit while beginning to thrust into her with deep slow strokes, increasing the volume and frequency of her cries of ecstasy.

"YES! YES! YES!...OH FUCK ME...FUCK ME HARDER...MAKE ME CUM...OH GOD I'M CUMMING...AAiiyyeeeeeee", Julia screamed, unable to control herself. Her knees gave out from the intensity of her climax. Bent over the chair, her breath coming in loud gasps between her cries, she lost herself in the sensation of her first orgasm washing over her as another built under it.

"Give it to her man!" he heard a voice call from the hallway, followed by the sound of a pair of feet retreating from their door.

Jake gave it to her. He changed his rhythm from slow and deep to as fast as he could manage. The sound of their flesh slapping together mingled with her moans and groans drove him on. He could feel his own orgasm approaching quickly. Hoping he could last long enough to set her off again he fucked her through the growing burning in his legs.

"I'm there again...oh shit baby I'm cummmmiiiiiinnnnnggg....."she groaned, her moan muffled as she turned her face to the chair cushion.

"Me too!" Jake roared with a final thrust, his orgasm achieved only seconds after hers. He held himself tight against her, his eyes closed as he sent spurt after spurt of his semen into her receptive womb.

After a few minutes she felt his limp cock slip from her pussy. Standing she turned and kissed him. Taking him by the hand they walked together to the bathroom and cleaned up. 

Upon exiting the bathroom she wrapped her hands around his waist and looked up into his face. "You are amazing, you know that? I love you."

"I love you too. You're the amazing one. What was with that mind breaking blow job? You've never..."

"I don't know," she cut him off, "something in the air tonight I guess. No kids around, and you know what hotel rooms do to me...speaking of which...that bed looks like fun..." She led him by the hand to the bed and pushed him down. Straddling his legs she went to work on his belt again. 

The image of his newly sexually insatiable wife astride his legs, her dress worked up and baring her gorgeous toned legs, working at his belt to free his stiffening cock was an image Jake didn't want to interrupt, but decided to. Grabbing her hips he turned, spilling Julia onto her back. In one motion he was between her parted legs. He could feel the heat from her sex on his groin. It made him fully erect.

"Slow down sexy, we have some time," he said while pining her arms above her head.

Julia ground herself against the bulge in his pants. "Since when do want to slow down sex?"

"I was just thinking that before we take our clothes off, this could be a perfect opportunity for me to prove a point I've made time and time again to you," he answered a little cryptically. Letting her arms go he sat back and drew her to a sitting position with him.

Julia immediately went for his pants, unbuttoning them now that the belt was undone. "Prove what? That you can last longer than me? We know that!" She moved to unzip his pants but he stopped her.

"No. I was thinking that I could prove you are sexy enough to get hit on and picked up."

She stopped working at his pants and looked at him. "I'm not fucking some guy in a bar. We're not going to be having a threesome tonight!"

"No no...that's not what I mean," Jake cut her off. "Wait...what do you mean not tonight? Wait, never mind...listen. I just meant that if you are sitting alone in a bar, I can guarantee you that at least one guy will come on to you and either ask you to dance or if they can buy you a drink."

"You have this image of me as some beautiful..."

"I don't want to hear it. You are gorgeous, and I'll prove it. Look, there's a lounge down the hall here, and J.T. Maxie's Bar & Grill is across the street. You pick the place. The bet is you sitting at the bar, sipping a drink, will have no less than one guy come on to you...and if my fantasies were to come true maybe a woman or two..."

Julia punched him half playfully in the arm. "Knock it off. Why can't we just enjoy the room while we have it?"

Jake stood up and stepped out of his pants. "That's fine. I have no problem making love to you for the next couple of hours, or however long until we decide to stay." 

He tossed his shirt onto the floor and slipped out of his boxers. His cock stood hard and tall pointing at the ceiling. "I figured you knew I'd win so you'd find some way to squirm out of it." He climbed onto the bed and gently pushed her down.

Julia pushed him off of her and sat back up. "You really want to make me feel bad about myself? Have me sit in a bar for an hour alone? Fine, let's do it." She climbed from the bed and found her shoes. 

She retreated to the bathroom to check her hair and quickly returned. Sitting on the edge of the bed she said, "So what's the bet? You say it will happen and I say it won't, so what's the bet? I'm thinking that with the night we've had so far you'll want something sexual in nature..."

He chuckled; Jake always proposed wagers with sexual prizes, and they were always rejected. "I have a few things in mind," he teased as he dressed, "but what about you? You know we'll be back here soon going at it like teenagers, and I'll be a winner no matter what if it's a sex prize..."

"You're right, so mine won't be sexual in nature. If I win, as we know I will, then you do the laundry for a week. Washing it, folding it and putting it away."

"Ok, and if I win...we take your new found sexual energy and ramp it up even more..."

"I can only imagine what you want...come on and spill it..."

"I want your ass...I want to try anal sex with you...."

"How did I know that would be one of the prizes...so what's the other one? The one you know I'll pick instead?"

"We have sex where people can see us and watch..."

"Oh my God you are too much...seriously? If that's the case then I'm adding dishes for the whole week too..."

"Sounds fair to me....so is it a bet?"

"All I have to do is sit at the bar and have a drink, and when no one talks to me in an hour, we can come back here and fuck and then you'll do the dishes and laundry for the week...I'd rather fuck you now, but I suppose I can wait and hour for a week off from house chores."

"So are we staying here or going across the street?"

"We'll stay here. I'll head down and you come down in five minutes."

"So what's your choice?" Jake asked, unable to conceal the anticipation in his voice.

"We're staying here?! That's my choice."

"No. When I win, which do you choose?"

"I haven't even thought about it because I know I'm right. Don't leave me alone down there; I'll be looking for you in five minutes." She handed him her wedding ring and walked out the door.

Jake walked into the lounge five minutes later and found a seat at the opposite end of the bar from where Julia was sitting, engaged in conversation with a guy that looked to be in his mid twenties. He could see she was a bit nervous. The handsome younger man kept touching her hand on the bar, and twice brushed her hair back over her shoulder. Jake was unable to hear what was being said from where he sat, but he could tell she was trying to convince the guy she was waiting for someone. He brushed her hair off her shoulder a third time, and this time his hand came to rest on her bare shoulder. The suitor leaned in close and whispered something in her ear. Julia turned to look at him, visibly chewing at her lower lip. After what felt like an eternity to Jake, he watched her shake her head no as she answered him. He watched as the young man reached into his pocket and produced a pen. Grabbing a cocktail napkin, he wrote something on it and slid it in front of Julia, smiling as he spoke to her. Then he turned and retreated to a group of guys off to the side. 

Jake watched as she moved the napkin off to the side. Then she lifted her glass and downed half of her drink. He watched her scan the room looking for him. As he was about to wave to her he saw a stunning brunette slide onto the vacant bar stool near Julia that was only moments ago occupied by the man trying to pick her up. The woman struck an oddly familiar chord with him, though he couldn't tell why. She was clearly not in a circle he and Julia would run in. Lowering his hand to the bar, Jake watched to see what would happen. The brunette's left hand moved from the bar and Julia's head snapped around to where she sat. He guessed she was being a bit more forward and assumed her hand had found Julia's leg. Jake smiled as the brunette ordered a drink for herself as well as another one for Julia. Jake could see Julia trying to politely state her case to the woman on her right, but this girl didn't seem to be buying what Julia was telling her.

The drinks arrived and the brunette said something to Julia then raised her glass, apparently waiting for Julia to toast along with her. Never one to be rude Julia lifted the new drink and clanked glasses with the vixen that had bought it for her. Again Jake watched as Julia nearly drained it halfway. Knowing her tolerance, or lack thereof, Jake was growing more attentive to Julia at this point. He knew when she got a little lubed up her inhibitions took a vacation, and he didn't want this little game to spin out of control. 

He decided he'd finish his beer and move in to save his damsel in distress, but first he'd let it go a little further. He stared intently as Julia again slammed down a good portion of her drink. She turned to face her current suitor and was animatedly trying to convince her that she was waiting for someone. Jake's jaw dropped when he saw Julia reach up and brush the ladies hair off her bare shoulder. He finished his beer and hopped off his stool when Julia placed her hand on the woman's shoulder, the back of her hand brushing the woman's cheek. He could see she was severely buzzed, but not yet in the zip code of drunk, just way too close for comfort. Moving quickly around the bar he found himself at her shoulder before she could get her drink up again.
