 It is early fall, and you are taking what may be your last swimming day until next summer. The trees along the the dirt road are still a vibrant green. Your window is down, and the summer sun makes you feel sensual. He is holding your hand, and glances over at you and smiles, as you pull into the field. You call it your private swimming hole, because it is so secluded, and you have never seen another person out here.

The river runs slowly through the valley here, and over the centuries it has created a offshoot pool, just deep enough to swim in. The sun warmed water is warmer than the river itself, and the ancient rocks create natural benches and seats. The water is clear, and calls to you as you get out of the car.

You walk to the waters edge, and turn and look at him. He is leaning against the car, watching you with a hopeful smile. You grin, and start a playful striptease for him. Swaying in the warm breeze, you run your hands over your body, and slowly strip out of your shirt. You run your hands over your breasts, teasing nipples that are already hardening in the sun. His gaze never leaves you, as you slowly slide your shorts off. You do a final slow spin for his approval. The fact that no matter how many times he has seen you undress, or has undressed you himself, he still looks at you like it was the first time, like he was unwrapping the greatest birthday gift in the world. You notice that he is hard for you already.

You step down into the water, and its like a cool kiss over your entire body. You shiver in pleasure, at the contrast of the water with the building heat between your thighs. You swim slowly, and your tattoos flash bright colors, like misplaced tropical fish. You stroke over to one of the rocks that water and wind has worn smooth, and sit there, watching him expectantly. You spread your long legs wide, and stroke your fingers over your pussy, knowing the clear water hides nothing. The sun twinkles off your hood ring, reflecting in his eyes.

He undresses slowly, and you savor the smooth soft look of his skin. When you see his cock, hard and ready, your fingers start to make slow spirals on your clit. He walks slowly to the water, and dips a foot in, as if testing the temperature of the water. You laugh, and playfully splash at him.

He slips into the pool with barely a ripple, and then dives under the water, streaking at you you like a torpedo. He stops between your thighs, and leans in, kissing your pussy. You sigh, and play with his hair swirling it underwater, careful not to hold him down. His tongue traces each lip, and flicks your clit ring. You are starting to wonder just how long he can lick, and hold his breath when he surfaces, kissing you. Your tongues interlock in your mouths, just as your fingers interlock. He pushes off from your rock, and pulls you into the water with him. You tread water in the center of the pool, kissing passionately. His cock is hard and hot pressed into your belly. 

He lifts you slightly from the water, and you don't resist. You moan loudly and dig your nails into his back, as he slides you down on his cock. His cock is hot, and the water so cool, and you love the contrast both around, and inside you. He treads water for the both of you, and the rhythmic pumping of his legs drives him deeper inside your pussy. You rock your hips in careful motions, not wanting to upset your delicate balance together.

He places one hand in the small of your back, and the other on the nape of your neck. He slowly lays you back in the water. He pushes backwards slowly, until his feet make contact with the bottom. Carefully he starts to fuck you, moving slowly so no water splashes over your face. The water feels like smooth, cool hands caressing your entire body, and each ripple feels like a soft kiss. He lowers you deeper, until just your face and nipples just from the water. You meet his eyes, and take a deep breath. He lowers you until you are under the water. You feel like you are weightless, flying. He starts to fuck you harder now, his thrusts deep and fast. You open your eyes, and see him through the water, hazy and dreamlike. You feel the heat building inside you, and you bite your lower lip, fighting to hold both your passion and breath inside you. Just as you cum, you explode from the water, gasping and crying out. You wrap your arms, your legs around him as every muscle contracts around him. You feel him pulse deep inside you, long and intense from being so careful, so controlled with your body.

He pushes off the bottom, and the two of you float slowly in the warm fall sunshine together, kissing, touching, loving.