 Harold stood outside of his hotel room, taking a deep breath he opened the door and walked in. There was Claire in her favorite spot, on the sofa watching a cooking show. 

"Where have you been?" she asked as he walked over and sat down next to her. "Out watching people having sex on the beach again?" she asked.

"I went for a walk." he admitted, wondering if he should tell her everything. Sighing he looked at her and decided he had to tell her. He would be honest with her, it might be the end of his marriage but the way things stood this would be the turning point.

"Yes, I ran into that couple we saw earlier today." he admitted "and I sat on the beach and jacked off as she gave him a blow job."

It seemed that was all he thought about anymore. "So you sat on the beach and touched yourself while they had sex."

"Yes I did, and when they were finished I went back to their hotel room with them."

She just looked at him.

"I sure did." he said as he looked at her, he finally had her attention. "As a matter of fact their room is right next to ours."

"So, you were over there when they were having sex?" she asked not believing what she was hearing. That meant when she heard them having sex her husband was sitting there watching them.

"Yep, I did more than watch." he said knowing this admission would make or break his marriage.

"You cheated on me?" she said raising her voice, "You son of a bitch."

"Well, I wouldn't say exactly that." he said looking at her. "I told you I would get it someplace else.

"I hate you!" she screamed at him.

"I wouldn't have done anything like that if you'd show me some attention." he admitted the sex had been great earlier but it wasn't worth losing his wife. "I heard you when you were out on the balcony, I saw you playing with yourself."

"Oh God." she said turning away from him.

"We need to have a serious talk, things either change between us or I'm leaving you." he told her, "I can't live like this anymore."

Claire looked at him and knew he meant every word he said, she would just have to be honest with him. "I'm embarrassed."

"About what?" he asked looking at her. She turned away from him, she couldn't even look at him. 

"Look at me." she whispered, "How can you want to make love to me when I look like this?"

"I don't see anything wrong with the way you look." he told her getting up and walking over to her. "Okay, so you might have gained some weight over the years."

"I'll never be a size five again."

"I've gained some weight too, does it bother you?"

"No." she admitted, "I'm getting old."

Harold took her by her shoulders and turned her around to face him, "You're attractive to me." he told her pulling her close to him, she hesitated at first.

"I don't see how?" 

"So all these years of you avoiding sex and making love was because you thought I wasn't attracted to you anymore?" he asked stroking her hair, he felt her slip her arms around him.

She could feel the tears, she couldn't hold them back anymore. "Yes." she said as she started to sob. "I see you looking at those sexy women on TV and you make comments, I thought you'd rather have one of them."

"Honey, I'm a guy of course I'm going to look." he told her being honest.

"It doesn't mean I want them."

"Really?" she asked pulling away and looking up at him.

"Yes, really. I'm still here aren't I?"

"Yes." sighing heavily she went and sat down on the bed. "So if we make love and I've got a belly and my breasts sag that doesn't bother you?"

"Nope, I don't want a woman who looks fake."

Claire just looked at him, "Can we fix this?" she whispered.

"We can if we both work on it, and be honest." he told her as he sat down next to her, pulling her close, taking her face in his hands and kissing her.

Patti laid in the huge tub and just relaxed. The hot water felt so good, Ted had told her to enjoy her bath and he'd be waiting for her. She had hoped he would come in and join her. 

"Damn, you look hot baby." he said as he walked into the bathroom. Walking over he knelt down next to the tub. Reaching for the wash cloth and body wash he started to soap up her shoulders.

"That's nice baby." she said as she felt his hands on her shoulders. 

He washed her back and rinsed the soap, "Lie back." he tells her as he continues to bathe her. "Oh look, I see nipples." he told her. "Nice and hard." he said "I just love the girls."

"They love you too." she said placing her hand on top of his. It felt so good when he touched her, she could never get enough of him. Reaching down with her hand she rubbed her pussy.

"Care to play with me?"

"I would love to honey, I really would but we've made love four times today." he admitted, "I don't think I could get him up right now." 

"Well that's okay honey. We can just watch TV and relax." she said as he continued to wash her off. She stood and stepped out of the tub.

She sure did look good to him standing there with those bubbles dripping off of her body. 

"Thank you baby girl, I promise you we will make love again before we go home." he told her as he wrapped her in a large fluffy towel. "I'll make you scream I promise."

"Yeah?" she asked picturing them standing on the balcony and him behind her pounding into her.

"Yes, I promise."

Harold and Claire cuddled in bed talking, getting everything out in the open. It would take time and a lot of work to get their marriage back on track. At least they were willing to give it another try. "I like that." she said as he stroked her arm, running his fingers lightly up and down her arm. 

Harold sat up in bed and reached for her night gown. "Why don't you take this off." he suggested.

"Can we turn the lights off?" she asked still embarrassed by how she looked.

"Sure we can." he told her turning over and turning the light off, there was just enough light coming from the television for him to see her. He realized it would take her some time to get used to things, to realize he really didn't care about how she looked.

"Thank you Harold." 

"You're welcome." he told her reaching for her tits.

She gasped as he pinched her nipples, it did feel good to have him touching her. Gasping she moaned closing her eyes.

He wanted her but he didn't want to rush her.

Claire was feeling so many different emotions, she felt like it was their first time together. Well in away it was she reasoned. It did feel good the way he was touching her, kissing her, caressing her slowly.

Harold leaned over her and kissed her, kissing his way down her neck, her shoulders, teasing her hard nipples. "I love your tits, I always have." he whispered as he took one into his mouth and gently sucked on it. 

Feeling him sucking on her nipple made her gasp with pleasure, putting her hands in his hair she held him to her breast tightly. She had forgotten what it was like. "Yes..."she whimpered as he bit down on her hard nipple. Holding onto his shoulders she felt him flicking his tongue across her nipple.

He moaned as he continued to suck her nipple as he reached for her other one. Kissing her again he looked at her, "I've missed this, I've missed touching you." he told her as he started kissing his way down her body.

"Feels so good." She was getting so turned on, she could feel the wetness between her legs. Harold looked at her as he licked and nibbled his way down her stomach. Inching his hand down he felt her neatly trimmed bush, he rubbed her wet slit. He gently slid his hand between her legs. "Wet pussy." he said as he felt how wet she was, he would take his time and make it good for her. 

Claire gasped as she felt his fingers opening her up, sliding his fingers in. She remembered how they would make love when they were dating. Toughing, fondling each other and oral sex but no intercourse. She had wanted to be a Virgin on their wedding night. It had been frustrating for him but he had went a long with her wishes. He liked the thought of being the first man to enter her.

"You like?" he asked as he watched her reaction as he fingered her gently.

"Oh yes." she said looking down at him, she watched him as he continued to lick and nibble on her belly as he fingered her, slow at first then speeding his thrusting with his fingers.

Damn, but his dick was hard and he wanted to reach down and stroke himself but he didn't. He wanted to bring her off first. She was still as tight as when they had first met. "Such a tight wet pussy." he told her as he rubbed her hard clit with his thumb, she jerked as he touched her. Her clit had always been super sensitive, it never took much touching to make her climax. He would take his time, make it last. Getting down between her spread legs he licked her inner thighs, inching his way to her sweet pussy. 

Claire was loving the feelings he was giving her, she realized she had made a mistake treating him the way she had all these years. 

Harold finally couldn't stand it anymore, he just had to taste her, spreading her wet slit open he dived into her sweet tasting pussy. he loved the he taste her pussy. He felt like he had died and went to heaven. In and out he continued to finger her while he sucked on her pussy lips. He ate her like he had never ate pussy before.

Claire reached for her tits, pinching her nipples as she watched him eating her out. 

"That's good honey." she moaned as he touched her. "Please don't stop."

Harold was a bit surprised hearing her telling him not to stop, he was going to do his best to bring her off big time. Maybe it had been a good thing he had met Ted and Patti earlier. It had in away given him the courage to finally talk to his wife. Praying they could repair the damage to their marriage. "Your pussy is so wet and hot." he told her coming up for a bit of air.

"Oh yes." she moaned loudly as he suddenly pushed two fingers inside of her, fucking her hard and fast. He could hear her breathing heavier, feel her thrashing around on the bed. Claire reached down and rubbed her hard little clit. She remembered seeing that couple earlier in the day making love on the beach. They sure weren't model types either but they did seem to enjoy each other.

Harold was making her feel so good. She remembered how she had used to like to suck his big hard cock. Feel it growing in her mouth, the taste. "I want you." she tells him, reaching for him. "I want your cock." 

He looked at her not believing he heard her right, moving away from her he moved back up on the bed next to her. She grabbed him and kissed him with a passion he hadn't seen from her in years. He watched as she kissed her way down his body, gasping when she reached down and took his cock in her hand. He jerked at her touch, feeling her hands on him. "Yeah baby." he said watching as she licked her way to his cock. "You don't have to do this." he told her, not wanting her to do something she wasn't comfortable with.

"I want too." she said looking up at him, "I've been unfair to you, I want to do this." she said as she bent her head and lightly licked the head of his cock with the tip of her tongue. She would have to get used to the taste of his cock.

"Jesus, lick me." he moaned as he watched her licking his dick, putting his hands in her hair he held her down while she took the head of his cock deeper in her mouth. For someone who really never cared for sucking his dick she was getting into it. Maybe she finally realized how much she had to lose if she lost Harold for good.

Claire moaned and whimpered around the cock in her mouth, sucking cock wasn't so bad she thought as she felt herself getting even more turned on. In and out she took his cock deeper, sucking harder. 

Ted laid in bed watching Patti sleeping so peacefully. He had hoped that he hadn't hurt her feelings earlier by not wanting to make love. It wasn't very often he could make love four times in one day. But thinking back they had made love when he had gotten out of the shower, then on the secluded beach, then again after dinner and the last time when Harold joined them. The love making had been great, he knew she had a higher sex drive then he did. "Suck it!" Ted heard Harold say loudly from next door. Guess he finally got lucky Ted thought. 

"Oh yeah suck that cock." Harold said as Claire sucked him in and out of her mouth.

Not being able to take it any more he pulled his cock from her mouth and pulled her up next to him. "I want you now." he told her, "Lift up." he said as he slid a pillow under her, raising her hips.

Claire watched as he got between her spread legs, gently he felt her slick, wet pussy. Rubbing his rock hard cock over her slit he could see the lust in her eyes.

He knew she wanted it, he was going to give her just what she wanted. "Take it." he said as he pushed his cock inside of her.

Gasping, Claire felt his cock filling her up, she felt so full. Slowly in and out he pumped his cock into her. Reaching up she grabbed him by his arms pulling him down to her, he kissed her. Holding on to him she wrapped her legs around his waist pulling him into her deeper. She was moaning and breathing heavily, getting used to the feeling of him inside of her.

"God, your pussy is still tight." he gasped as he felt her tight pussy walls holding his dick. "I've missed fucking you." he told her speeding his thrust, pounding into her.

Ted couldn't help but hear Harold and his wife making love. Ted assumed that the head of Harold's bed was right on the other side of their wall. Ted tried to go to sleep but it was no use. Just hearing the moans coming from the other side of the wall was turning him on. He slept naked, they both did most of the time. Patti was on her side facing away from him, he listened and just imagined Harold getting his cock sucked. Reaching for his cock Ted stroked himself. He felt his cock start to harden after a few strokes. "Fuck me!" he heard Harold's wife moan loudly. He must be giving it to her good, he thought as he heard the headboard of their bed hitting the wall. 

Patti turned over in her sleep, snuggling up next to Ted. Noticing her hard erect nipples he covered her with the blanket.

Claire had forgotten how good it felt to make love. She had gotten so used to taking care of herself, she could usually bring herself to climax in just a few minutes. She didn't want Harold to know what she did. Maybe things could get better between them, she hoped so anyway.

Pushing her legs as far back as he could without hurting her Harold pounded into her wet, tight slit. He wanted to cum so bad, wanted to feel his cum filling her up. "This is so fucking good Claire, I love fucking you baby."

She had to admit to herself she had missed making love with him. "Oh do it, yes make me cum!" she begged him as he rammed her hard and deep.

He suddenly pulled out of her, grabbing her by her hips he turned her over on her stomach. "I want you doggy." he said helping her get to her hands and knees. He stroked his cock slowly, he wanted to stop for a minute he didn't want to cum yet. Reaching out he rubbed her back gently, caressing his way to her ass. Rubbing her ass cheeks he continued to stroke his cock. The way she was moving he could tell she liked it.

"Please." she said looking back at him.

"Oh you're going to cum." he promised her as he got behind her and he slowly pushed his cock back inside of her. "So fucking tight." he groaned as he went as deep as he could. He heard her gasping as he fucked her, reaching under her he grabbed both tits in his hands. 

"Oh yeah." she moaned as he fucked her harder and deeper. "make me cum."

Patti awoke with a start, opening her eyes, she saw Ted stroking his cock.

"Did I wake you honey?" he asked realizing she was awake. They had never been embarrassed if they had found each other pleasing themselves. Some of their best love making had started that way, walking in on each other as they played. There had been times when Patti was cooking dinner and Ted had been watching porn and he'd jack off. She could hear him from the kitchen and she would sneak a peek, watching him jacking off.

"Oh, no you didn't wake me." she said leaning up on one elbow. "I thought I heard something." she said looking at him sleepily.

"I couldn't help myself." he admitted feeling bad that he had told her earlier he was too tired to make love and now she sees him stroking his cock. "Harold and his wife are going at it next door."

"Oh they're fighting." she said as he put one arm around her and held her close.

"Doesn't sound like fighting to me." Ted said as the headboard of Harold's bed hit the wall.

"I thought he said that they didn't have sex." Patti said as she reached for his cock, stroking him.

"That's what I thought too, maybe they worked things out." he said loving how she was slowly stroking his cock. "You're not upset with me are you baby for not wanting to make love earlier?" he asked as he watched her.

"No, I'm not upset honey." she said as she kicked off the blankets, the balcony door was still open and there was a nice ocean breeze coming through.

"Yeah, stroke my cock." Ted said as she moved down lower on the bed until she was where she could get to his dick. He watched as she stroked his cock and reached for his balls with her other hand. Harold wasn't the only one to get laid tonight Ted thought as she expertly made his boys happy. 

"Yes make me cum." Claire moaned as Harold fucked her hard. In and out he pounded her pussy. She reached down between her legs and rubbed her slit, she could feel his cock sliding in and out of her slick wet, pussy. Her clit was so hard and throbbing she needed to cum. She wanted to feel Harold filling her up with his seed.

Slowing down Harold didn't want to cum yet, he wanted to make it last as long as possible.

"Suck Daddy's balls." Ted moaned as he watched Patti licking his balls, flicking her hot, wet tongue all over them. She was on her knees between his spread legs, stroking his balls as she licked them. 

God, but she was good at sucking him. Moaning around the balls in her mouth she reached for his hard cock, stroking him. "Just like that little girl." he told her, he knew it turned her on when he called her his little girl. She was his little girl, his wife-slut. 

Letting his balls slip out of her mouth Patti moved up and stroked his cock while she nibbled the shaft of his rock hard dick. Listening closely she could hear the sounds of moans from the next room.

"Fuck!" Ted whispered as he watched her, playing and teasing his cock. She knew what this did to him and she would take her time making it good for him. "Suck me."

Harold pounded his cock into his wife Claire's tight pussy, wondering how he had lasted this long. He thought he would have exploded inside of her long before this. Perhaps it was because he had had sex earlier in the day, hell this was his fourth time in one day he realized. Maybe things would be alright for them after all, it was a start anyway. Claire was really getting into it, he noticed how she was fucking back against him as he pounded into her doggy. He loved the feeling of being so deep inside of her. Her tight pussy walls holding onto his cock. She was so wet and tight.

"Fuck me Harold." Claire begged him, as he held her by her hips, fucking her hard and deep. She was out of control, she had never felt like this before. She didn't remember sex being this good between them. She felt as if she were going to explode into a million pieces, she continued to rub her hard little clit.

Patti continued to suck Ted just the way he liked it. Fast and deep and then slowly, just sucking on the head of his cock. Taking his cock in and out of her hot, wet mouth. Putting pressure on the head of his dick she sucked him, teasing the tip with her tongue.

"Oh God." he grunted, damn what did she do to him. Just the feeling of her mouth on his cock would make him forget everything.
