 Kananaskis

Pulling off highway 40 and entering the townsite, there is clearly a sense of anticipation and excitement as the hotel comes into view. The thought of a full day completely enjoying each other melts away the longing and desire that has built up since our last time together. My hand is lightly stroking your leg, lingering to tantalize your pussy through your pants.

We glide through an early check-in and make our way to the elevator. The door closes crisply and I kiss your neck, pulling you into me. The door opens and we hasten to our room. Entering our room, the energy is palpable. The door closes lightly, and the click signals a torrent of sensual play. We survey the room, planning the day's encounters with wistful anticipation. 

I look deep into the pools of your eyes and recognize the desire and flickering excitement we both share. Taking your hand, we enjoy the mountain-view afforded from our room the scene is breath taking and fills us with passion and desire. We instantly recognize that our real world lives have been paused and we are here to completely enjoy each other. 

I pull you into me, kissing your neck and nibbling your ears. My right hand lightly glides up your leg from your knee to your pussy, as I caress your breast. Backing you to the wall, I kiss you deeply, holding your face with both hands. Our tongues lightly explore as our excitement builds. My hand drifts down to your pussy, gently rubbing you through your pants. Your hips come off the wall, meeting my stroking hand, as I kiss your neck. Your eyes give away your pleasure.

As we kiss, I slowly unbutton your blouse. You have carefully planned for this day, as your open blouse reveals a very sexy bra that instantly excites me. You clearly know what I like! I feverishly cover your neck, shoulders and stomach with kisses. Working my way down to your hips, I unbutton your pants and slowly glide your pants down to your thighs. Your sexy panties are an incredible turn on, and I kiss your pussy through the light material that covers my ultimate desire. My hands are cupping your bottom as I pull your pussy close to my face, kissing and gently biting your sex. You moan with pleasure, pulling my head into you. 

I rise up your body, kissing your warm skin and trailing my finger tips along the way. As I kiss your waiting mouth, I lead you to the bed. Laying you on your back, I run my hands through your hair, kissing your neck and pulling your body into me. I kiss and caress your breasts as your head rolls back and you close your eyes. Slowly removing your bra, I eagerly take your breast into my mouth, licking your nipple as I caress your other breast with my hand. I am flicking my tongue on your erect nipples, alternating between kissing, nibbling and caressing. Your back is arching as I slowly glide my hand down to your hips. I can clearly feel your excitement as I reach your damp pussy, stroking your pussy through your panties. Gently, I slide a finger under your panties and trace your lips as I kiss and nibble your breasts. Your moaning excites me and I work my way down your stomach and hips, arriving at your pussy. Kissing your hips and pussy, I slowly remove your sexy panties as I caress your breasts and gently squeeze your nipples. You are completely naked, and your hard nipples and moist pussy excite me. 

I am kissing your hips and inner thighs, occasionally flicking my tongue at your waiting pussy. I can wait not longer and begin to devour your wet sex. My tongue explores your pussy and I lock in on your clit. I slowly stimulate your clit with my tongue as your head rolls back, with eyes closed and you running your tongue along your lips. You are caressing your breasts and gently squeeze your nipples. This is a turn on for me, and I increase the pace with which I am licking and kissing your moist pussy, stimulating your clit with increasing pressure. 

I move back up your body, kissing your warm skin. You roll me on my back, unbuttoning my shirt and kissing my chest as you remove my shirt. Your hand is stroking my hard cock through my pants. Unbuttoning my pants, you slowly remove my cock and deftly lick the tip with your hot tongue. Removing my pants, you are kissing my hips and thighs as you stroke my cock. As you take my hard cock into your warm mouth, I pull your pussy to my waiting mouth and feverishly lick and kiss your moist pussy. We slowly stimulate each others sex, licking, kissing and nibbling. You slide your wet pussy down my chest and turn to face me, sitting on my hips and stroking my hard cock. You place a condom on my stiff cock as my head rolls back and my eyes gently close. 

You slowly place your wet pussy atop my hard cock and glide my stiff shaft into your waiting pussy. This action elicits a moan from us both, as our heads roll back and our eyes meet. Excitement dances in the pools of our eyes, as our waiting is finally sated. You slowly and rhythmically ride my stiff cock as my hands caress your breasts and squeeze your nipples. You lean down and kiss me, our tongues meet and I pull your body into me. You feverishly grind your pussy against my stiff cock, and I am meeting you stroke for stroke. Our breathing rapidly increases. Our excitement builds as my cock glides in and out of your sopping wet sex. I roll you on to your side and move behind you as you move to your knees. You guide my stiff cock into your pussy and slowly begin to caress your breasts and pinch your nipples. Reaching down, I work your clit as I grind my hard cock into your pussy. As my cock glides into you, you are meeting every stroke, reaching underneath and stroking my tight balls.

Our excitement builds as my cock pounds into your sopping pussy. I can wait no longer and as my back arches and you are moaning, we reach a rolling climax that sends a mutual shudder through our hot, glistening bodies. We collapse to the mattress, a pool of sated desire. I am kissing your back and shoulders and running my hand along your damp skin. Our breathing returns to normal as I pull you close into my chest, running my hand through your hair and kissing your neck.