 To my readers: Dedicated to my friend Christy, who graciously allowed me to use her name in this story. 

Too many people look at BBW's as a fetish or an aberration. In fact, as a BBW lover, I can state without reservation that a BBW is no different than any other woman. 

It is unfortunate that a tag or label is attached to describe physical attributes. The women I've dated have great personalities, fantastic senses of humor, are intelligent, and last but not least, make me, and keep me, horny on a 24 hour basis. 

There is absolutely nothing wrong with the cheerleader/model/pinup/calendar girl type. They are beautiful. It's a personal preference thing and I just happen to like a voluptuous woman. 

So please readers. If this isn't the style of story for you, I forewarned you. This is a story for guys like me and the women we love. PLEASE NO FLAMING OR DEROGATORY COMMENTS.

*

If there is one thing I cannot deal with it's a woman crying. It is the one time, and place, where I find myself in the awkward position of not knowing what to say or do. Last Friday was a perfect example.

Christy Simon and I had been car-pooling for the last six months. 

I had met Christy at a neighbor's party and found that she lived a couple of streets over. In the course of the evening's conversation I found that she worked at the Barclay Building, just around the corner from my office.

With gas prices being what they were, I offered Christy transportation with me. At her insistence we agreed to split gas costs, and the deal was made.

Over a six-month period I learned quite a bit about her. Thirty-three years old; she had two children from a failed marriage. She had apparently put on weight after childbirth and never lost it.

Her husband had started seeing another woman and lost interest in her and the kids altogether. 

She had filed for divorce after finding a hotel charge on their credit card. She had called the hotel, figuring it was a mistake, only to find that a Mr. and Mrs. Simon HAD spent the night there. 

Problem was, Mrs. Christy Simon had been home with two sick children on the night in question. Fortunately she had been smart and the house had always been in her name.

Mr. Simon came home from work that night to find all of his possessions on the front lawn and the locks changed.

She was raising the kids on her own, as the ex wanted nothing to do with any of them.

She worked as an Account Executive for a small advertising firm. Her mom lived nearby and watched the kids during the week. She loved country music, especially Montgomery Gentry and Sara Evans.

And she had a cat. Diamond.

This brings us round robin to last Friday.

I had pulled into her driveway expecting her to be waiting at the door. I was surprised that she wasn't. In fact, I was actually sad that she wasn't.

I guess I had gotten used to the infectious smile and bubbly personality every morning. To not have that greeting was unsettling.

I parked the car, walked to her door, and knocked. When she answered I became even more unsettled.

Christy had obviously been crying, and crying hard.

A myriad of thoughts and emotions ran through me. Had her ex come by and hurt her? – Anger. Were her kids okay? – Worry. Did something happen to her mom? – Concern. Had something happened to Christy? –Trepidation.

I had never run that gamut in such a short amount of time, and it was disconcerting to say the least.

Christy looked at me with her soft brown eyes brimming with tears.

"Diamond died", she said as she burst into a gut-wrenching crying fit.

I didn't know what to say or do. On the one hand a sense of relief washed over me knowing that it was just her cat. On the other, having lost pets of my own, I could fully sympathize with how she felt.

Simultaneously we both stepped forward, me to take her into my arms to comfort her, and she to bury her face in my chest and be comforted.

"It's okay", I said as I mentally kicked my ass for making such a friggin' stupid remark as 'It's okay' when her cat had died.

My comment didn't seem to faze her at all. She just held me tighter, and cried harder. It seemed like she was letting out a lot more than just the loss of her cat.

I just stood there holding her close and letting her cry.

She felt good in my arms and I found myself savoring her warmth, the scent of her perfume, the softness of her hair.

The longer I held her the more acutely aware I became of how nice it was to hold Christy like that. I was holding her more as a woman than as a friend. I was being aroused and the feeling angered me.

Here I was, a 51 year-old man, who should be trying to console a friend, young enough to be my daughter. Instead I was letting my body, and hers, do my thinking for me.

Try as I might though, holding Christy was bringing these thoughts to the forefront.

I could feel her chest heaving against me and all I could do was picture them crushed up against me with no clothing between us.

Her tears had soaked my shirt but all I could think of was wetness elsewhere that I wanted to enjoy.

As I savored the softness and scent of her hair, my mind ran a mental short subject movie of my fingers sliding through the hair of her pubic mound, searching for, and finding, her hot, moist, vaginal folds, my finger curling in...

I felt, more than heard, my sharp intake of breath as I abruptly pulled away from her.

"I, uh, uh", I stammered in a moment of utter confusion and uncontrolled lust.

I quickly tried to rein in my emotions.

"Is there anything you want me, uh, need me to do with Diamond?"

I wasn't sure but Christy's face seemed to register confusion as well. It wasn't what I expected. I was preparing for surprise or even hurt. Her mind seemed to be elsewhere too.

"Oh I, um", she started to say. "Mom picked up the kids and I don't want them to see her when they get home."

Her voice was starting to hitch again as she spoke.

My mind started to work again as much needed blood flowed back upstairs where I needed it most.

"I'll take care of it", I assured her with a sympathetic smile.

About an hour, and several hundred thousand of Christy's tears later, Diamond was buried in the flower garden with a stepping stone for a marker.

Christy and I sat on the sofa after the "funeral" and talked. She told me all about her cat.

She had found it abandoned as a kitten when she was 20 years old. She'd nursed the sick and hungry little thing back to health, and had had her for 14 years.

She named her "Diamond" because she was all-white except for a black diamond shape on her forehead. The cat slept on her bedroom chair every night and wouldn't even look into the bedroom unless Christy was in there.

Christy was telling me stories about every moment of Diamond's life, and I tried to listen. I really did try.

I found myself watching her eyes and marveled at the way they twinkled when she told a funny story. I watched her lips quiver when the story was sad.

Eventually I found myself not listening at all. Instead I would watch her breasts move as she breathed. 

As I watched I thought about how good it had felt to hold her.

Hell. It had felt great fully clothed. What would it be like to hold her, unclothed, my cock pressed against her...

I suddenly noticed that she wasn't talking anymore but rather was looking at me strangely.

"What?" I said, trying to cover my discomfort at being caught.

"You aren't listening to a word I'm saying, are you?" She asked with a smile that was incongruous with the question.

"Sure I was", I said in a feeble attempt to cover my tracks. "Diamond. Had her since she was, um, 20 years old. Sleeps on your bed."

I smiled, proud that I'd remembered that much.

"What did I say last?" She quizzed me with that same unnerving smile.

I knew I was busted and there was no sense in trying to deny it.

"I don't know", I said sheepishly.

I looked into her eyes hoping she would forgive me.

"44DD", she said matter-of-factly. "It seemed like you were wondering."

"I was not wondering", I said defensively. "They are nice and I couldn't help but notice but"

Now I really felt like a smacked ass. Here I was trying to deny that I was staring at her tits by admitting that I WAS looking at them.

At least I had a sudden realization as to why I stink at poker.

Christy's eyes sparkled and her laugh was infectious.

"You probably stink at poker", she laughed. (I know. I had that déjà vu feeling too.)

I felt bad though. This was all wrong. We're friends, not lovers. She's half my age. (Alright, older than that.) Hell. I was here because of her cat. Instead I'm coming across like a dirty old lech trying to take advantage of the situation.

The tone of Christy's voice changed when she spoke again. It was demure and unsure but at the same time lustful and arousing.

"Do you like to look at me that way?" She asked.

My throat was dry. I knew what I wanted to say but I still felt like I was traveling on the wrong path. 

"I'm old", I started to say.

"You're not old", Christy said as she stood up from the sofa.

"I started to say that I'm OLDER than you. 18 years older than you. I wasn't, I mean I"

I was absolutely confused as to how to proceed at this point. One side of me wanted to rip her clothes from her body and fuck her until I was exhausted or dead. The other side was still locked in a crisis of conscience.

Fortunately Christy brought both sides together in one swift motion. She turned her back to me and asked me to unzip her dress.

Any vestige of conscience went out the window with that invitation.

I stood up and grasped the zipper tab pulling it down to mid-butt in one quick zip. Christy was wearing bright red lingerie and the sight of it made my mouth water.

I pulled the sleeves off of her shoulders and, with a quick shimmy of her hips, the dress dropped to the floor.

My fingers were actually trembling as I undid the clasp to her brassiere. Without removing it I simply reached around, sliding my hands under the cups, taking two glorious mounds of tit-flesh into my hands.

I pulled Christy hard against me as I man-handled her tits; twisting, tweaking, and pulling on her nipples. Christy cooed in contentment.

She had reached around behind her and was massaging my dick through my trousers. I was so hard I could feel the head of my cock trying to snake its way under my belt.

"Take them off Don", Christy said breathlessly. "Take them off. I want to see it."

As much as I hated to, I released Christy's tits and reached down to unbuckle my belt. Christy stepped away from me and shrugged off her bra.

Her thumbs hooked into the sides of her bright red silk panties. She slid them to the floor and stepped out of them.

She stood before me naked from head to toe.

I stepped out of my shoes and wasted no time loosening my belt. I pulled my trousers and briefs off together and left them on the floor.

I stood before her wearing only my shirt and socks. My cock bobbed and weaved obscenely in front of her.

Before I could take off my remaining clothes Christy stepped forward and pushed me back onto the sofa. Then she knelt in front of me and took my rigid member into her mouth.

Perhaps it was the wetness of her mouth, the exquisite sensation of her tongue washing my cockhead, or the incredible suction she produced, but it took everything I had in me not to explode immediately when she went down on me.

Christy gave me no quarter either. She could tell by the tenseness of my body that I was fighting to hold back. All that did was make her try harder.

Her lips sucked on my penis voraciously as her tongue slathered and danced across the bulbous head. Her hand slid up and down my shaft, twisting occasionally for effect, her saliva and my pre-cum lubricating its length, making it even more sensitive than usual.

"I'm going to cum baby", I barely eked out through clenched teeth.

This only seemed to inflame her as she redoubled her efforts. There was no way I could withstand such an assault. I relaxed and let her enjoy the fruits of her labor.

In a sudden rush a burst of white-hot spunk jetted across her tongue and into her throat. I had to hand it to her. She stayed right with it without losing a beat.

She swallowed as she continued to milk my rod for all it was worth. She had definitely hit the mother lode as my throbbing cock unleashed spurt after sperm-laden spurt into her eagerly sucking mouth.

I just watched in amazement, my hands digging into the sofa cushions, as she hungrily drained every last drop of man juice from my now deflating dick.

Even when I was totally spent she did not release my cock from her mouth. Her tongue lovingly caressed my penis, searching for the last vestiges of semen.

I reached down and ran the fingers of my left hand through her hair as my right hand gently caressed her cheek.

Christy turned her head slightly so that she could look at my face but still she did not release my dick.

"That was really nice", I said quietly as our eyes locked. "Perhaps I can return the favor."

Christy finally released my cock and smiled at me.

"I know you will", she said impishly, "but right now I think there's more where that came from and I want it."

I felt Christy's hand sliding under my buttocks, and her finger press against my anal ring. She winked at me as she took my rapidly hardening cock back into her mouth.

I laid my head back on the sofa and grasped Christy's head with both hands. I felt her finger push up and into my rectum, probing for my prostate.

As my balls clenched, preparing to release another volley of jism into my Christy, I realized that our age difference probably wasn't going going to be such a problem after all.

Nope. As I exploded again into that wonderful mouth I realized it was not going to be a problem. Not one bit.