 I was a bit of broken girl when I met him. Although he was the only one that understood what I went through. It was the summer and he had just finished high school. He also just turned 18 and I had invited him to stay at my apartment. When I heard the knock on my front door I was so nervous and excited that my heart started to race. As I reached for the door knob I tried my hardest to not pass out from excitement.

I opened the door with my shaking hands. As my eyes locked with his, all I could do was blush uncontrollably. He smiled nervously and looked at the floor. He was a sweet kid I had met online. He always made me laugh with sweet compliments or funny pictures. As I stood there admiring his brown curly hair, he rushed in and gave me a hug. I inhaled through my nose, smelling his musk. It was sort of sweet but masculine, it made me shiver in pleasure. The hug was warm and inviting. He made me feel safe.

"Are you okay?" he whispered. 

"I'm just really happy to finally see you," I replied. 

My breasts were touching his chest and his cock was nearly touching my pussy through his jeans. There was an unexpected sexual tension between us. I could feel it in the air. I pulled away just far enough to look at his chubby, cute smiling face. That's when he blushed uncontrollably, his hands leaving my hips. 

His was a nervous teen. Who never truly experienced a woman like myself. I was 20, had long brown hair and blue eyes. Most of the time people made it known that my eyes were incredibly stark blue. I loved the attention sometimes. But I never really had anyone to share it with. My breasts were a perfect size of 32 D. And my ass sure did get a lot of looks. Not too big but hot enough to imagine bare. I was naturally skinny but with wide hips. 

As I looked at the stumbling nervous wreck in front of me, I noticed he was trying his hardest not to stare. I just wore a t-shirt and some pajama bottoms but that didn't stop him from fidgety with himself and avoiding eye contact. He was so adorable this way and I loved that about him. 

I realized that he wasn't going to make the first move. So I decided to rush in and kiss his tender lips. I stood on my tippy toes and kissed him passionately. He was lost as to what to do. I looked up into his eyes.

"Just follow my lead." I cooed. 

His lips moved with mine and I felt electric. He was surprisingly really good at kissing. His hands moved all along my body, sending shocks everywhere. I could tell he was pitching a tent in his pants and he knew I was soaking through my panties. I moved my right hand down to his bulge and rubbed the tip with my first three fingers. He moaned softly as I proceeded to trace his cock from the head all the way down to his cum filled balls. 

All I could think about was sucking his hard member and the thoughts grew stronger as I became hornier. He was feeling me up sensually and began to rub my tits softly. He squeezed them and pinched my nipples until they were erect. I moaned loudly as his touch made me tilt my head back. He mumbled, I want you, as I helped him lift my shirt over my head. 

My breasts hung slightly on my chest. He instantly grabbed and squeezed and rubbed them. My mind went crazy and I immediately unzipped his pants. His manhood flopped out and smacked my thigh. It was a perfect seven inches or so and it was so hard. I wanted to drink all his cum. I wanted to feel his rock hard cock sliding down my throat. 

I slumped down to my knees and held my mouth to the tip of his cock. I stuck my tongue out teasing him sensually and quickly licked his throbbing dick. I saw tiny droplets of pre-cum protrude out of the tip. I softly wrapped my lips around his head and sucked hard while my tongue worked around it. His body jolted and he moaned aloud. 

I began to slowly push his dick down my throat as I looked up into his eyes. His cock twitched in my mouth, which made me extremely excited. I pushed further until his whole manhood was in my mouth. My left hand was on his ass for leverage. My other hand softly rubbed his balls. He moaned as I sucked harder on his dick. 

His cock throbbed in my mouth and the taste of precum made my pussy wet. I moved in and out faster and and used my tongue to work around his cock. He thrusted hard in to mouth and I was forcing myself not to gag. He placed his hands in my hair to guide me farther than before. I let my jaw and throat go limp as he forced his member faster and harder now. All I could do was hold on to his hips as he continued. 

My pussy was itching for relief and I was dripping wet. I knew what was coming next. He was so close to releasing his spunk into my mouth. I wanted it so badly, I sucked as I could. He moaned aloud and pushed my head even harder from the tip to the base relentlessly. Tears pushed through my eyes as his cock hit the back of my throat. I hadn't even realized that I was touching myself, rubbing my pussy rapidly. 

My mind went blank and I was filled with euphoria. His cock felt wonderful in my mouth and the smell was erotic. A my minute later he mumbled, oh fuck! He gripped my hair, pushed my head to the base, and began to cum into my mouth. Five thick ropes of semen filled my mouth. It tasted ####. I immediately came too and squirted on to the floor. When he pulled out it made a sort of popping noise and a long strand of cum stretched from the tip to my mouth. He sighed in pleasure and my body shook as I continued to cum. 

I savored his cum in my mouth before swallowing it. It made me unbelievably horny and I wanted more. I brought him over to my bed and he laid me down. We kissed passionately with our tongues connecting. He moved down and sucked on my breasts. He pinched my nipples and moved his hands down to my panties. He softly rubbed the outside of my cunt, lightly teasing me with his fingers.