 I love women's bodies; I have always loved the female form in all its elegance and beauty. I love to look at it, to touch it, to make love to it and to worship its celestial majesty. A lesbian friend of mine once described her feelings for the female anatomy in that way, and so from that point of view I guess I'm a lesbian too.... Just for clarification, I am an alpha male of the species and 100% heterosexual. I love watching women. All the different, shapes, sizes and forms provide me with unlimited sexual stimulation. The slightest glimpses of the hidden aspects of women are the ultimate turn on. To see an exposed thigh, cleavage, panties, back lit legs, etc., are a constant quest. This is what I like, and this story is fiction (based on some fact) and depicts scenes that turn me on.

I work in a corporate environment. It is the early 1980's and this is a major commercial transportation company that employs approximately 300 people in the corporate office. I work in the Marketing Department. I am mostly involved in training; sales, marketing, product, finance, corporate history, product positioning and application. The training sessions that I develop and deliver are primarily directed at our dealership personnel, but often may include internal employee orientation and training in these same areas. It's a pretty good job, lots of travel, and contact with virtually all of our company divisions. This is sort of a start up company as one manufacturer bought the chapter 11 assets of another and is in the process of developing a new corporation; products, identity and sales and marketing network. No lack of things to do. We were newly established in our corporate headquarters building in a medium sized town in North Carolina. We had an enormous task ahead of us. It was almost overwhelming at times. Needless to say, no lack of work to do, just not enough time to get it all completed.

I was currently developing presentations that were part of an overall plan for our dealer groups to orient them to the company, our new product line and proposed markets. I needed to contact several other divisions within the company to gather the information and take necessary photos to support the presentations that I was developing. 

Occupying the cubicle next to me was Wanda, an advertising administrative assistant. She had a short somewhat rotund chubby shaped body that she felt necessary to stuff into the tightest shortest skirts available. She wasn't too bad looking, almost pretty, but just falling short of that. She had a great set of tits though and showed more than an ample amount of cleavage. Bets around the office among the guys were that she didn't have any nipples or they were inverted as none of us had ever seen any sign of them. 

Wanda was one of those types of women who really piss me off, in that she used her sexuality to get her male coworkers to do things for her and to further her advancement. She couldn't just ask you to help her, but flirted and showed you her cleavage to get you to do things for her. And if it should turn out wrong, she would throw you under the bus in a heartbeat. You get the picture, a corporate climbing bitch. 

Believe me, I watched my back around her. Once she asked me to review some advertising copy and photos for her, to check it for technical product correctness and proper product positioning. I did this and found several major inaccuracies. You couldn't blame the errors on the ad agency, as they were new and just learning our product line. It was really Wanda's job to provide the correct info to them and then review what they developed for technical accuracy and correct product positioning. Her attitude was that she didn't need to know that stuff as she could get other people to check that for her. Yea, like dumb ass me. 

It was later that afternoon that I was sitting in on an advertising meeting at my boss's request that Wanda presented the copy that I had reviewed to our marketing and advertising management. She took full credit for personally identifying all the changes the Ad agency needed to correct and she did this in my presence. So much for any future help she was going to get from me.

As far as I was concerned her only saving grace was that every time and I mean every time she left her seat at her desk or returned she flashed me a giant view of her crotch. I don't think she did it on purpose, I think she didn't care what I saw as I was like dirt on the floor to her. Anyway I took advantage of the situation. There really wasn't all that much to see as she usually wore some type of panties under her panty hose. It wasn't so much what you saw, but rather you were seeing something that wasn't supposed to be visible. So, I looked at Wanda's crotch whenever she presented it. One day was especially good. She had gone to lunch with some outside vendors and when she came back from her two hour working lunch and took her seat at her desk, she didn't have on the panty hose or her underwear. Must have been some kind of good lunch. The rest of the afternoon, every time she got up or returned to her seat she flashed me an enormous shot of dark brown bush. 

I had to go down to the Accounting Department one day to straighten out some question about my expense reports. They were holding up about $2000 of reimbursement checks and I needed to cover my credit card charges. I was directed to Miriam. She was a nice looking lady in her late thirties; she was pretty, but not a knock out. She was dressed in a white cotton business suit. Tailored jacket, white blouse and fitted white skirt. I sat down in the chair by her desk while she went over by the windows to the file cabinets to retrieve my file. As she stood shuffling through the file folders looking for mine I noticed that she was perfectly backlit by the light coming through the windows. She evidently wasn't wearing a slip under her skirt because the light shown right through and outlined everything under her skirt in graphic detail. Her thighs, her sex between her legs, everything I was really enjoying this sight. It seemed like it took her a long time to find my file, but I wasn't complaining. When she found it she returned to her desk chair and turned the folder toward me and began pointing out the corrections I needed to make in order to get reimbursed. As she did this she sat directly facing me and I noticed that her skirt started to ride up. I could see at least half way up her thighs. She had very nice legs. I was having trouble focusing on what she was telling me. My focus was elsewhere. I told her that I thought I understood and would make the corrections and return them to her. 

I went back to my desk, back to work. About a half an hour before quitting time Miriam called to see if I had the expense reports ready. I confessed that I didn't. She said ok, bring them down when I finished work and she would help me so I could get the checks. I thanked her and told her I would be down shortly. I got the expense report file and headed downstairs to Miriam's office. It was after quitting time and her department was empty except for her. I noticed immediately that she had the largest doe brown eyes I had ever seen. She directed me to sit and she took the folder and began working on it. She was leaning back in her chair as she was studying one file and I could almost see all the way up her thighs. I noticed immediately that she was not wearing panty hose, but instead a garter belt and thigh high hose, which were clearly visible. Damn, this was hot. She quickly made the corrections and gave them to me to initial the changes. I signed them and gave them back to her, thanking her for her help. I told her that I now understood what was needed and would not make the same omissions in the future. She said that that was too bad, because she wouldn't have an excuse to get me down to her office to see me. This seemed to be going in a good direction. She noticed me looking at her thighs; She looked into my eyes, put her hands on her skirt on her thighs and raised her skirt higher. There was a mischievous grin on her face as she did this. 

"So you like what you see? Would you like to see more?" she asked with a giggle in her voice. 

All I could do was stare and nod my head. She raised her skirt higher and I could see her garter belt and the moist spot over her pussy on her panties. She moved one hand down and rubbed her pussy through her panties. I sat there, eyes fixated on her and my hardon raging inside my pants. She stood, scanned the office to make sure we were alone and hiked her skirt to her waist and straddled me on the chair. She put her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. She had the softest lips. They seemed to caress my very core. We kissed for a few moments as she rubbed her panty clad pussy against my hard on. Soon she stood, reached down and undid my belt and zipper. I raised my hips to allow her to slide my trousers down to my ankles and she repositioned herself astraddle me. We resumed kissing me as she rubbed her panty-clad pussy against my bare hard cock. She moaned softly as I felt her breasts and nipples through her blouse. I could feel her nipples hardening and wished her blouse and bra were not in the way so that I could suck her nipples. She reach down and pulled her panties aside and positioned my erect shaft at the entrance of her wet vagina. She rubbed the head against her wet lips a few times and then directed it into her entrance. I felt my cock slide easily into her. She had the softest pussy lips that I had ever felt. It's difficult to describe the sensation. It wasn't tight nor was it loose, just soft, smooth and supple. She rocked back and forth on my cock until I felt her achieve a small but distinct climax. She let out a soft groan as she orgasmed and I released into her. Not earth shattering, but very good. We sat there staring into each other's eyes. She kissed me again with those soft lips. 

"Nice, very nice my dear, please come down again if you need more help with your expense reports. I'll give you good service." She told me.

"I'd like that. In fact, this Friday night I think I'll need some help expensing a dinner that I would like to take you to at Antonio's,' I suggested.

"I'd love to, but I don't think my husband would approve of a Friday night out. Maybe we could have lunch sometime together?" She responded.

"I think that would work." Ok, she was married. I had never thought to ask, and I guess as far as I was concerned it really didn't make any difference. I think of her as Mrs. Soft. Her lips and pussy were so incredibly soft and delectable I wanted to have them again.

I needed to go to our assembly plant in Virginia to photograph the assembly process for some of the presentations that I was developing. I called the plant managers office arrange my visit. His administrative assistant advised me it was all right and they would make whatever accommodations I needed. She offered to make hotel reservations at a local Marriott hotel that was close to the plant. I thanked her and told her that I would arrive at their offices about ten o'clock the next day and would probably stay two or three days to get the photographs that I needed. I packed up my trusty Nikon F3, lenses and film and started the drive up there the next morning. As I entered the parking lot, I noticed my name on a reserved parking spot near the main entrance. Understand I was a manager level person within the company, but not executive management. And a reserved parking space was a pleasant surprise. I entered the reception area and was escorted to the plant manager's office. 

I was introduced to the plant manager, Al Martin, and we hit it off immediately. He was a friendly, sincere, open kind of guy that made you feel like his long lost cousin. We had coffee and talked about what I needed to shoot. He gave me an ID tag that he pointed out was the same color as his and told me that it would get me into any and every part of the plant, and if I needed anything or had any trouble to just call him and he would handle It. He called his administrative assistant and asked her to send in Karen. A young lady about 25 entered the office. She was nice looking, trim, small breasts and very friendly. I was introduced to her and found out that the she was the assistant PR manager for the assembly plant and that she was to be my guide and would help me in any way she could to get the pictures that I needed. 

I thanked Al for the coffee and his cooperation. He asked that I stop by when I had finished before going back to the corporate office. Other than that I had free reign of the place and he wished me well. I grabbed my hard tagalong camera equipment case and followed Karen out into the plant. Following her was easy. With a slim shapely ass like hers it was a pleasure. She was very slim and the snug slacks that she wore outlined her ass and thighs fantastically. We worked hard the rest of the day. Believe it or not professional photography is hard work. The plant ran two shifts and without knowing it I had worked right through the shift change. It was almost ten o'clock in the evening before I realized what the time was. I apologized to Karen for keeping her so long. She said that it was ok. She told me that she was impressed with my professionalism and the way that I worked with the plant crew to get the photos that I wanted. Corporate types were not well accepted by the hourly plant workers and she was amazed at how I had been able to fit in with them, gain their trust and get their cooperation. 

As I packed up my gear to quit for the evening she suggested that she could lock up my camera gear in her office and wouldn't have to take it back to the hotel and haul it back over the next morning. Sounded like a good idea to me. I also found out that she lived a little over an hour away from the plant. I felt bad about keeping her so late and made a suggestion. 

"Let me buy you dinner, stay in my hotel room, there are two beds and I promise to behave, I'll buy you breakfast and you'll save over two hours driving time. That's the least that I can do for you. Deal?" I suggested. 

She was hesitant. I assured her that everything would be straight up and I promised not to attack her. Or if that wasn't acceptable that I would get her her own room. I didn't want to see her driving all that distance for very little sleep on my account. I also told her that with what we had accomplished today that we would probably be finished about 4:00 or 5:00 the next day and then she would be rid of me till the next time. She laughed and said Ok, and that I needn't pay for an extra room for her, that she trusted me. 

She packed a small bag with some things she had in her office. She explained that she never knew from day to day what sort of activities she would be involved in and kept two or three changes of clothes in her office closet to cover herself. She rode with me to the hotel and we checked in, dumped our bags in the room and went down to the restaurant before it closed to get some dinner. I've got to say that I hadn't had more enjoyable company as a dinner companion in a long time. She was intelligent, had a wonderful sense of humor and was just a delight to be with. Time slipped by quickly and it was midnight before we knew it. The restaurant staff was hovering over us waiting for us to leave so that they could close up. I paid the bill and we went up to our room. 

I got to shower first and told Karen that I would be quick. I showered, put on clean underwear and warned her to avert her gaze while I got into bed. She laughed and turned her head. She gathered her things and went into the bathroom. The room was dark except for the TV that was showing one of the late night talk shows and I was casually watching it, but wasn't paying much attention. I did notice that she had not completely closed the bathroom door. It was ajar about three inches. I don't know if she did this on purpose, but it gave me a clear view at the vanity mirror and almost the entire bathroom. This was better than the TV. She turned on and adjusted the shower and began to disrobe. 

She removed her blouse and bra exposing her small pert cute breasts. She had nice sized nipples for the size of her breasts. She removed her trousers exposing her panty hose clad legs. No underwear under the sheer panty hose. I could see her trimmed matted bush clearly through the sheer hose. She peeled down her panty hose, totally exposing herself to my view. She was pretty, very pretty. Slim, petite and cute. She was just a very refreshing sight. She stepped into the shower and washed herself, got out of the shower and toweled off. Damn, I would have liked to be invited to help her. 

She slipped a knee length dark green satin nightgown on over her body. She stepped over to the mirror to blow dry her medium length brunette hair. Her pert little nipples were standing out against the thin fabric of her nightgown. She was a very beautiful young lady and I was thoroughly impressed.

When she came out of the bathroom, she turned off the bath light so the only light in the room was that of the TV. She crossed the room and slipped under the covers of her bed. We said good night and I turned off the TV. I need to tell you that I am a very sound sleeper. Once my head hits the pillow I will be asleep in less than five minutes and it's doubtful that an earthquake could wake me. I also wake at six o'clock every morning without an alarm, without fail, regardless of how late I am up; I am a very sound sleeper. Such was this night. 

I woke at six o'clock. Karen had set the alarm for seven. I realized instantly that I was not in bed alone. Karen was snuggled up beside me. God, what a pretty picture she was even first thing in the morning and with no make up she was beautiful. I couldn't resist and leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips. What the hell was I supposed to do finding a delectable young woman in my bed with me? She opened her eyes and smiled at me. 

"And to what do I owe this honor?" I asked.

"I couldn't resist. Here I was in a hotel room with a handsome wonderful man that I like and respect and not get in bed with him. No way! So here I am." Was her reply. 

With that I embraced her and kissed her deeply. 

"May I eat you for breakfast?" I asked.

"Only if I get served also," came her retort. 

Her small breasts and nipples fit my mouth perfectly. Her hands on my cock felt delicate and sensual. As I went down on her sex, she tasted fresh and succulent. I sucked and tongued her till she came. Not earth shattering but still strong. Her clit was small and sensitive and it took little stimulation to bring her off. She had stroked my dick to an incredible erection. She went down on it and sucked me past her lips into her mouth. As her tongue swirled around me she sucked me in deeper. I couldn't take too much of this without loosing so I stopped her and moved on top of her. I needed to be inside this young beautiful girl.

As I slipped past her nether lips she spread open to allow my entry. It was small, wet and hot. I entered her slowly working myself into her a little at a time. She moved to me and accepted all that I had to offer. We fucked like this, slowly and deliberately for a long time until I felt the tension in her building. Her movements became stronger and her muscles were tightening up. As she climaxed she dug her nails into my back and held me very tight. 

As I was about to cum she whispered in my ear, "Please not in me." 

I pulled out and placed my cock on her stomach between us and ejaculated all over her stomach.

"Thank you, that was good!" She whispered. 

We lay holding each other for a while, and then decided we had better get up and get ready to go to work. It wouldn't look good if we both came in late together. We showered together and she allowed me to towel her off. We teased and touched while we did our morning routines. I think that we felt very good together. 
