 I love waitresses. I grew up in the northeast, where diners are everywhere, and learned at an early age to appreciate the edgy, smart ass attitude of diner waitresses. That, and the shirtdress uniforms, either button up, or zip up. The waitresses who knew where their tips came from would usually show some cleavage, and, if they had passably decent legs, would raise the hem on their dresses. It was the best in working girl sexy, and there's nothing hotter than a shapely, forty-something diner waitress in a short uniform dress. I often dreamed of taking some of them home for dessert-and I did a time or two. 

Thirty years later, and now living in flyover country, things are a little different as far as uniforms-most of the time it's jeans and t-shirts with an apron tied around their waists. Which brings me to my local hash joint, and Fran. She is a smart ass of the first order, like me, from up north. Our banter started almost immediately, from the first time I saw her, and it's only gotten more intense in the couple of years she's been working there. We trade barbs, quips, smart comments, and occasionally have a serious conversation when it's not too busy. She's five feet and 100 pounds of blonde aggravation, and looks really good in the jeans and t-shirt she usually wears. I would not change a thing about her. 

One day, I was sitting toward the front of the dining area, when she walked past. She bopped me on the head as she went by. 

"Next time you do that, I'm going to smack your ass," I said as she made her return trip to the kitchen. 

"Like to see you try," she shot back. 

"You know I will." Fran gave me a glare as she walked away, then bopped me on top of my head again on her way back to the kitchen. I watched the crowd, fortunately not much of one as it was the mid morning lull between breakfast and lunch, waiting for a chance. The table across from me left. The next time Fran went past, I slapped her ass quickly. 

Fran turned. "Watch it, mister. I know where you live."

"Yeah?? Then why haven't you come over??"

Fran turned to me. "You wouldn't know what to do with me if I did."

"Why don't you try it and see. Or are you afraid you'll be wrong??"

"I'm never wrong!!" 

"Yeah, your husband said that. Many times."

"Good. Finally, after 40 years, he's learning."

I finished up, and after a few choice words to Fran, headed home where I had some things to do around the house. About 2:30, I heard a car pull up. I didn't have enough time to get out to the driveway to check who it was, but it didn't matter. As soon as I got to the door from the kitchen to the garage, there was Fran coming up the step. She came in and looked at me. We didn't speak for a moment. 

"See. I told you you wouldn't know what to do with me." 

I did too. I reached around her, grabbing her ass and picking her up. It wasn't much of a lift, since she's so small. I kissed her hard. To my surprise, she met me full on, and we spent the next minute trying to swallow each other's tongues. When our kiss broke, I reached down and pulled up one side of her t-shirt, then the other, pulling it over her head. I reached around her back, unhooking her bra, freeing her B cup tits. She reached down and pulled up my t-shirt, pulling it over my head. I pulled her to me, kissing her hard again, her tits now pressing into my hairy chest. As we kissed, I started for the bedroom. 

Once in the bedroom, I threw her on the bed, undoing her jeans and pulling them off. I was met with a pair of skinny legs that rose to a blonde patch at the top. "Well, well. Someone came ready to play."

"I hate panties," said Fran. "I love the way jeans feel on my skin." 

I pulled my shorts off, releasing my cock. "I hope you like the way those jeans feel when my come is dripping into them." I climbed up on the bed between Fran's spread legs, her pussy slightly open already. I put the head of my cock at her opening, and pushed in firmly. Not ramming into her, but it definitely wasn't gentle. 

"Oh, Shit!!" cried Fran as my dick spread her, plumbing her depths. I pulled out and rammed home on the second thrust. "Fuck!!" she cried out. I felt her pussy get wet and her hips shake. I started to pump in and out, pounding her steadily. "Aaaaaaahhhhhh! Shit!! Oh God!! Uuunngggghhhh!!" She kissed me hard as she came around my cock, which was banging her cervix with every stroke. I slowed a little to let her orgasm wash over her, then pulled out. Fran looked like someone had taken her favorite toy away. "Nooo!!" she whimpered. 

I wasn't done. I turned her over so she was on all fours and pulled her to me. I was now standing on the floor, my cock pointed right at her swollen pink twat. I rammed into her, again making her cry out. Now my balls were slapping her clit, and it reintensified her arousal. "Aaaaahhhhhooooowwwwww..Fuck!!" she yelled as my balls pounded her clit, making her hips shake again. I slapped her ass, making a loud smack as I hit her. "God damn, you're going to ruin me!! Fuck!!" she yelled. I slapped her again, bringing the same reaction. I continued to slap her ass, out of rhythm to my pounding dick going in and out of her. In between slaps, I reached forward and grabbed her shaking titties, mauling them as I fucked her. After a couple minutes, I felt Fran's hips shake, her pussy juice like a waterfall, then her whole body convulse. I pulled her to me, mashing my cock deep in her blonde cunt and pounding her cervix. 

"Oooooowwwwwwwwaaaaahhhhhhhh!!" Fran cried out as a massive orgasm washed over her. I started to come, my cock pulsing as I shot into her. I slapped her ass again while I came. I expected some smart comment now that I was filling her with sperm, and I could see her start to say something, but nothing came out of her mouth. I held her ass tight to me while the last of my come spewed into her, then slacked off. I stayed in her a few minutes, then let go and she fell to the bed, rolling over onto her back, her legs open. A moment later a large gob of my come spilled out of her spread labia, down her ass, and onto the sheet. I lay down next to her and kissed her.

"You were saying about not knowing what to do with you??" I said. Fran kissed me back, then quickly jumped up and straddled me, sliding up and putting her dripping twat in my face. 

"You know what to do with this??" said Fran, pushing her pussy down to my mouth. "Time for a dessert you won't see on the menu. Go ahead, lick the cream pie out of my cunt!!" She looked down at me, expecting me to be repulsed by the idea of eating my own sperm. The look on her face was priceless when I stuck my tongue out, licking up her inner lips, then between them, then over her clit, swirling my tongue around it til her hips shuddered and she came again. I pushed her off me, rolling her onto her back. I pulled her face to mine, kissing her hard. 

"I get cream pie. You get fish cakes," I said, making sure she tasted her own juices on her tongue. 

We pulled away from each other. Fran looked at me, her pale blue eyes sparkling. "You SOB!!" she said, laughing. 

"Don't you hate it when someone proves you wrong??" I teased. 

"Yeah, well, so you were right once. It won't happen again."

"Til tomorrow. You'll be back. Nobody else tips you as good as I do." Fran slapped my ass as we lay together. "You ought to get cleaned up. Your husband will wonder what happened to you."

"No he won't. It wouldn't be the first time I brought him home sloppy seconds."

"Slut," I said.

"You wish," said Fran, heading for the bathroom. 

"I know!! After what we just did, you're my slut now." Fran stuck her tongue out at me. "You know what they say about tongues..." I called after her. 

Fran didn't hear me. I got off the bed and went into the bathroom, surprising her when I opened the shower door. "You know what they say about tongues," I repeated. By now, there was a large drop of sperm hanging off the head of my cock. 

"I suppose you want me to lick that up for you??" 

I looked down, realizing what Fran saw. "Well, yes, actually," I said, pushing her down onto the seat in the shower. She looked up at me a moment, then took the head of my cock in her mouth, licking it slowly to get all the seeping come, and clean up the rest. She had a wonderful touch, and I was soon hard again. She cradled my balls as she sucked. It took a few minutes, but I wasn't going to stop her, and I soon felt that familiar rush as my climax started to surge. I didn't warn her, though from her technique I had a feeling I didn't have to, and came hard in her mouth. Fran was indeed a pro, swallowing me down without missing a beat. 

Fran stood up, pulling my face to hers in a deep kiss. "There ya go. Cream pie and egg whites," she said as she pulled away. "Now leave me alone so I can get cleaned up. You left a bigger mess for me here than you do in the restaurant."

I laughed. "I'm not going anywhere. You think I'm missing a chance to rub warm, soapy water all over you??"

Fran looked up at me with a sideways glance. "OK, but if you distract me again, I'll smack your ass."

"OK, fine, just remember, paybacks are a bitch." We settled into the shower, cleaning each other off, and I was soon walking Fran out to her car. "I'll see you tomorrow. I'll just look for the waitress who is walking a little funny."

"They all walk funny. I've never seen a bigger bunch of sluts."

"And you're their queen," I taunted back. Fran blew me a sarcastic kiss and she was off.