 "Where are you going?" I heard the man say loudly with distain.

"I'm out of baby formula so I'm headed out to the store," I can hear his wife say still sounding pleasant and caring.

"Well get another case of beer while you're out," spit the man as if talking to nothing more than a waitress who forgot his order.

How could any woman put up with a man like that? He was mean and horrible to her all the time. At least he wasn't abusive. Since I could hear all this through the crappy thin walls of my new apartment I'm sure I'd have heard if he was over the last few weeks since I moved in here.

I hurried and put on my shoes and checked my refrigerator. I didn't really need anything, but could use some more soda. I just got to the door as she started walking down the hall. "Hey neighbor," she greeted me as she always did with a warm and beautiful smile.

"Hi," was all I could say, dumbstruck as always by this beautiful brunette bombshell that was maybe only five years older than me.

"College keeping you busy James?" Julie asked. The first time we met she laughed after our introductions saying us Jays got to stick together. I only wish she meant physically as well.

She always wanted to know how I was doing and what I was up too. Julie was only just a mother for a few months, but already acting like my own, but somehow I never seemed to mind. "Yea, just going out to pick up some soda to help me stay awake and study," I lied. How could I tell her that I often listen to her sing her baby to sleep and all the other everyday things through our thin shared apartment wall. 

I don't know when I fell in love with her, but she was obviously married with a baby, so I'd never have a chance with her. "Well I'm just headed to the corner store myself for some baby formula. Would you like to accompany me?" she asked me and I felt like I was going to the prom.

I never went to my own in high school since I was kind of a nerd and never even had a real date before, but I imagine it must have felt this way. My stomach churned with butterflies as I answered, "Sure, I guess," while inside I was cheering and shouting "YES!"

The store was only about two blocks away, but we enjoyed our walk and talked about our lives. Julie recounted the cute things her baby did, and I told her about some of the interesting things I'd learned in classes since last we spoke. We bought our items at the store and returned home all too soon. I loved every minute of being close and talking with her.

I never figured out why girls liked the jocks and bullies, but they always seemed to. And Julie was always kind to me, but I'm sure it was just her being friendly as she was married to the drunkard who lived next door. We got home and I wanted to kiss her goodbye from our date, but of course that was just my fantasy. "Good night," I said and opened my door.

"Good night, and don't stay up too late studying," Julie cautioned before we each disappeared into our own apartments.

That night I fantasized much the same as I had the last few weeks, that I had her in my bed and that her baby was actually mine. Then Julie's drunk husband would come in and with one punch he vanished and she suddenly loved me instead and became my wife. It was stupid and corny, but I just couldn't stop myself from dreaming about her again and again.

The next day after I came back from classes I could hear them fighting. He was yelling at her for spilling formula on something, and she was trying to apologize, but he was having none of it. My heart ached to help her somehow, but I couldn't. I just listened as he called her stupid and clumsy, then complained how he was working hard to support her so she had to obey his rules under his roof. All she did was cry after that so he yelled, "I going to the bar." Then I heard him stomp and the door slam as he left.

I wanted to go over there, but without a good reason I just fidget around until a few minutes later there was a knock at my door. I opened it to find Julie, who while she had been crying before, had dried her eyes and put on her pleasant mask of a face that said everything was great. But I could see through it now to the pain underneath. "Hi," I said dumbly, unsure what to say.

"Hi James," she said as if nothing was out of the ordinary. "I hate to ask, but I kind of need some computer help and figured you might be the best person to ask."

"Oh, sure," I said eager to help. So she lead be back to her place. 

There in the living room that was very neat and tidy was her baby in a playpen next to a desk with a computer on it. "I was about to feed Jessica when the lid came off my bottle and spilled on Frank's computer," she grimaced in painful regret.

I approached the desk, and while she'd cleaned up the majority of the mess, there was still some inside the keyboard, "Let me take a look." She then left me alone while I popped off a few keys and ran a cloth through the inside. After about ten minutes she came back in with some sandwiches for me. "It looks like it'll be fine," I assured her as I got up to leave.

"Please eat; it's the least I can do," she insisted and I sat down right next to her to share a meal with my dream girl. "Frank was worried I'd ruined it. I am a bit of a klutz sometimes."

"No harm done," I assured her, "Just needed to clean it out inside. It'll be good as new."

"Still," Julie said and took my hand and held it with both of her soft and delicate feminine hands, "I know I'm such a burden, and I don't mean to bother you..."

We were so close and I don't know what overtook me, but soon I saw her eyes in mine. We slowly moved together like creeping glaciers unable to stop until our lips met. My arms moved around her back, as hers did with me and I was lost in my first real kiss. I didn't know what to expect, but she was of course practiced at this and the fact she was actually kissing me back gave me a boldness I didn't know I had. I'd dreamed about this exact moment so many times now that I'd almost refused to believe it was real this time.

My hands began to roam with a lusty will of their own and soon I was squeezing one of her full ass cheeks while my other was working up under her shirt. Then she pulled back and I was worried that I'd gone too far, but instead to my shock and delight she stood and removed her shirt while she walked to her couch and sat down.

I got up to follow Julie when she whispered to me, "You must think I'm a pretty loose woman," as she reached behind her to unlatch her bra.

"No..." I said sitting down next to her as her bra came free and her incredible pendulous breasts came full into my view in all their unconcealed glory. "I know you're not like that at all," I said knowing it in my heart as I reached out for her.

Her breasts were soft and warm, and seemed to defy gravity as they bounced in my groping hands. "Careful," Julie moaned as I started massaging them and tweaking her pert hard nipples in my fingers. Then with a gentle squeeze some of her mother's milk squirted out onto my hand. "Sorry," she started to apologize, but I wouldn't let her before I had my mouth latched onto her nipple and I began suckling out her warm milk as if I was her baby.

Julie moaned as her mother's milk flooded warm over my tongue as I eagerly drank it down. Then instead of switching breasts, they were big enough for me to pull her other dribbling nipple to my mouth and suck on them both as I squeezed alternately on each breast to pump all her milk out. "Please. Not so rough," she begged with a whimper but she didn't stop me. 

I released her and she pushed me back. "I need to save some for my real baby," she said with a giggle, "Let me do the sucking now." Then Julie pulled down my shorts that were now tenting up from my erection allowing it free for only a moment before she ran her tongue over my sticky leaking tip. "Mmm... I haven't done this for a long time, but your dick tastes delicious." Then she sucked in the whole head and half my shaft.

I couldn't believe her husband didn't let her do this, because it was simply amazing. After only seconds of her head bobbing up and down I felt ready to blow and let her know, "Oh, I'm... at my limit!" Then Julie squeezed my balls with her hand and I started pumping my sticky load into her waiting mouth, drinking it down as I just as eagerly as I had her breast milk, squirt after hot thick squirt.

When I had no more left she stroked me some more as she thanked me, "That was so good. I love your salty taste." Then she returned to sucking me for several more minutes now involving her breasts cradling my cock while she licked at my head for several minutes until my former rigidity had returned. "Just a second," she begged as she stood and quickly removed her skirt and panties before rummaging around in a drawer. 

"Luckily I still have one left," she said happily as she held up a small foil square. "You don't mind do you? This isn't a safe day for me and I..."

She seemed embarrassed and I was too eager to actually lose my virginity that I spoke up, "No, of course I don't mind."

She smiled and ripped open the package and discarded it with the round condom left in her had, where she squatted in front on me again and placed it on my erect wet tip. "Good because I really like you," she confessed as I watched and felt her roll that tight cold rubber down to fully encase my penis. 

When it was done she stroked me a few times to make sure I was good and hard before leaning back on the couch, "Please, I really need you inside me." She spread her legs and her wet pussy was on full display in front of me.

Even though this was a first for me I didn't want to disappoint her so moved quickly into position and pointed it to her moist open folds and poked in slowly. It was tight in the condom and hard to feel anything, but soon I felt myself push in and gently rocked back and forth a few times until I slid into her fully.

"I'm okay, you can move some more," she smiled up at me. I was trying to go gently, but must have been too gentle so started pulling back more and pushing back in. It felt weird with the condom, like I was masturbating with a sock and rubber bands on or something, but I was so happy to just be having sex that I ignored that and just tried to make her happy.

I pushed up and moved around trying to judge by her reaction to do what she liked. She gasped a few times when I moved a certain way so I tried to repeat just that and she suddenly started whimpering, "Oh... Oh..."

So I tried to speed up when her legs clamped down around my butt as she shuddered around me. "NNGGHH!" she cried out. I was breathing hard and really turned on watching her pant as she came from me fucking her. After a moment she breathed, "You were so... amazing."

She was so beautiful that I just couldn't stand it anymore so pulled out of her, whipped off the condom, and pointed back at her entrance to push back in. "No... NO! Please you can't!" she pleaded, but didn't physically stop me at all as I penetrated back in, feeling her wet heat and the tightness of her pussy engulf me properly.

"I don't care!" I shouted as I started rapidly pounding her pussy brutally with my horny cock. "I love you!" I cried with my final push in deep as I flooder her womb with my sperm. I mashed my mouth into hers to kiss her with all my passion and she kissed me back. We made out as I jerked powerfully over and over, sending more and more of my swimmers shooting out of my loins into her fertile womanhood.

After an eternity I rolled off of her and felt so good that I thought I had died. Julie sat up and grabbed a towel to clean herself up my cum that was now leaking out of her. "You really came so much..." she said sadly.

Now I was heavy with guilt at forcing my way with her. "I'm so sorry. But, I'm serious. I really do love you."

She looked at me with eyes glazed with coming tears, "You really don't mind that I'm a single mother?"

"Single?" I said in surprise and confusion. "I thought you were married!" I stammered, "Frank isn't your husband?"

"Oh, no silly. He's just my brother," she explained. "I got pregnant last year from a stupid one night stand, so came here to live with him. I wish I had somewhere else to go, since he isn't a very nice man, and drinks way too much, but..."

"Come live with me," I said without even thinking.

"You're younger than me, and I've already got a baby from another man, and you're still a student..." she listed off excuses, tearing up a little.

I silenced her with another heartfelt kiss. "Marry me," I said locking my gaze with hers to show her I really meant it. She broke into tears as she kissed me again and that was all the answer I needed.