 Thankyou to those involved with ideas and editing(Uksilverlining, Webbo1 and Australwind)

*

It is one of those Indian summer days, the leaves of Autumn already colouring the landscape. The air is warm and the slight breeze bringing with it the sound and scent of the rusting leaves.

The couple had wondered away from the rest of the party, craving quiet and privacy. They had not had the chance to really talk, to take in the details of each other, for although they know each other well this is the first time that they had actually met. What had started as flirtation in a chat room had quickly developed into a hidden relationship filled with lust and an unstoppable passion. They had become very close, sharing more of their emotions, dreams and fears then they did then with their partners. It had been an unexpected meeting, neither knowing the other was going to attend the party.

Hand in hand they walked, soaking up the quiet and the excitement that even the slightest touch generated, and the sparks that flew whenever they look into each other's eyes. The couple are oblivious to the world around them, there attentions only for each other, the rest of the world closed off to their ears and eyes.

Sitting under the shade of a secluded tree, the changing leaves of autumn creating a shielding canopy of red and yellow, fallen leaves making a bed in the grass, sunlight creating a dappled pattern on the slightly damp grass. They turn to each other, looking deeply into each other eyes, knowing that once they kiss there will be no turning back, but it is already to late, the roller coaster of their feelings could not be stopped. 

Bending his head, lips meeting hers for the first time, a soft tender kiss, lips just brushing, mouths parting, electricity surging through them both. She pulls back, looking at him, taking in the intense feelings coursing through her body. Unable to stop she kisses him back, softly at first, then as their passion takes over, lips parting, tongues feeling, entwined, enjoying the feel and taste of each other. 

Lying in the rusting leaves, she presses herself to him, the heat of his body making her feel like she is melting, his strong arms pulling her to him, encircling her wanting to feel all of her. 

Coming up for air, eyes meeting, reading each other's thoughts. Kissing mouths, necks, ears, hands moving over each other's bodies taking in the curves, feel and taste of each other. Shirts being removed hastily, hands roaming, searching, breasts straining with the need to be touched, nipples erect under fingertips, tip of tongue and lips.

His erection straining for release, pushing against her leg, her hand reaching down, running nails along the length, enjoying the hardness and the moans she is creating in him. Hands under her skirt, taking in the fullness of her bottom and the wet heat between her legs, his fingers dipping into her slick wetness, flicking her clit, sending her beyond control. Finally his erection is released, hands running the length of his hard tool, her desire for him overwhelming. Removing her skirt and pants he gets the full view of the woman that he has desired and dreamt about, wanting to touch, kiss, lick every inch, but knowing that he can not wait, his need to be connected with her, to feel his body surrounded by hers is insatiable, the tropical heat of desire, heavy and humid with arousal.

He rises above her, her body moving to allow him easy access, the need to feel him in her, an unstoppable desire. A large moan escapes them as he finally pushes himself into her, wet heat and electricity pulsate through her body as a climax engulfs her, ecstasy written over her face. He stops, enjoying the pulsating tightness her orgasm has created. Bodies moving together, lips and tongues locked, limbs and bodies entwined, touches dancing together, breathing each other's breaths, hearing one another's hearts, creating moans of ecstasy in each other.

Rolling over she finds herself above him, bodies entwined, mouths and hands searching. Pushing back away from him, straddling his body, riding him, his cock deep within her, his eyes and hands taking in all, her breasts and nipples dancing in front of him, hair falling over shoulders. Leaning forward, her erect nipples brushing lips, mouth hungry for a taste, to lick and suck. Her movements and his desire are bringing him close to climax, she could feel this and doesn't want it to finish yet. 

Pushing herself off him, placing herself on hands and knees, inviting him to enter her from behind, quickly he moves behind her, his cock slick with her juices, needing to return to her as quickly as possible. He enters her with one quick hard movement. He pumps in and out of her, hands wondering from her arse to her swaying breasts and snaking under her, her clit wet and sensitive from their lovemaking, his tempo building both in his body and his fingers, pushing himself and her over the edge. She climaxes calling his name, as he loses all control and pushes himself deep into her, his hot cum spurting into her pulsating pussy.

Falling to the ground fully sated, they roll to face each other, kissing and caressing, not wanting to let go, but knowing that in a short time they must. The realisation that life could not get any better than at this present time alive in their minds. And the affirmation that after love making like this they could never go back to what they knew before.