 Sean opened his eyes and looked out the window. Wow! The weather was perfect! There wasn't a cloud in the sky. It was a warm, sunny, beautiful summer day. What a wonderful day to be off work. This would be a great day to ride Cocoa to the beach.

Sean hurriedly dressed, putting his trunks on under his pants and went to the kitchen to pack food and drink. He grabbed a blanket and a couple of towels then headed to the barn. He saddled Cocoa, attached his pack to his back, swung up, spurred Cocoa and they were off. 

There was a slight breeze blowing and it felt good upon his face. He loved living so close to the shore. "I should do this more often." He thought. It wasn't long until he reached the beach. He had a favorite place he liked to go. There was a wooded area, a grassy knoll then it sloped down to the beach. It was secluded, as there was a hill that jutted out, dividing it from the rest of the beach. The breezes coming in off the lake felt and smelled wonderful. 

Sean tethered Cocoa to graze then walked toward the beach. The water was bright blue and inviting today however, first he wanted to read. He laid out the blanket, set his radio on his favorite station then laid back to read.

Sean hadn't been reading long when he could hear Cocoa rearing, snorting and stamping about. Normally Cocoa was content to graze so something was wrong. "What could have him riled up?" Sean thought, as he lay his book aside and went to investigate. At first he didn't see anything that would cause Cocoa to be agitated, then he realized there was someone standing back under the trees. 

Sean began to walk towards the trees but stopped short. There was a beautiful woman standing there. She was covered from head to toe in a flowing almost see-through cover up. Her string bikini didn't cover much. He couldn't see her eyes because of her shades. But still, she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. She had long brown hair flowing in the wind, with just a tint of red highlights. As Sean stopped, she began walking towards him. 

Sean felt a swelling within his loins just looking at her. Not realizing he had done so, he reached out his hand to her. While removing her shades she put her hand in his. Her eyes were the darkest brown he had ever seen. Sean was captivated. It had been a long time since he had seen such a beautiful woman. He judged her to be around 35, perfect for me, he thought.

Without saying a word he led her toward the beach. He kept finding himself drawn to her eyes and hair. He wanted to say something but found his mouth wouldn't work. He just kept looking into her eyes. Finally, he opened his mouth to speak but instead of saying anything found himself drawn to her mouth. "She has such a beautiful kissable mouth," Sean thought. He found himself slowly leaning towards her lips, he had to taste her and feel her tongue on his. She opened her mouth to him as he slid his tongue in. She emitted a deep sensual moan driving Sean to want her even more. He pulled her to him. She was taking his breath away. This woman held him captive with her beauty and passion. 

A woman hadn't turned Sean on for a very long time. He couldn't understand why she had such an affect on him. He found himself wanting to take this woman in every way she would have him. He released her mouth and slowly let his tongue glide down her throat. She was looking down at him with a look of pleasure in her eyes. "Did he dare go lower?" he thought.

He looked into her eyes and took her hand and led her to his blanket on the beach. As they each lowered to the blanket, he slowly pushed her covering to the side. What had tantalized him through the sheer fabric now made him gasp with pleasure. He started again where he had left off. He let his tongue glide to her breasts. Her breasts were large and tight with large succulent nipples. Even if she never allowed him to touch her further he could suckle at her breasts for hours. He looked up at her while he suckled her breasts. He wanted to fill her with his manhood, but not quite yet.

He looked into her eyes as he slowly slid her thong off to reveal the sweetest mound he had ever seen. She was already wet and dripping from desire. Sean knew he had done this to her and moaned with deep guttural pleasure. He looked into her eyes then slowly took her mouth again. Now that she was lying down he could slowly arouse all her senses. Oh how we wanted to tantalize and tease her and take her to the top. 

He slowly released her mouth and slid his tongue down to her heaving breasts and suckled once again. He loved her breasts, and her nipples responded so nicely to his touch. As he slowly released her nipples he heard her gasp and made his way down her stomach towards her seeping loins. He wanted to taste all the sweet nectar he was bringing forth. He touched his tongue upon her swollen clit and felt her arch beneath him as he heard her audible gasp. 

The arching of her hips turned up his fire and passion. He wanted to make her scream out with pleasure with every flicking of his tongue. He slowly put his fingers into her succulent moist caverns stroking her while sucking and tickling her clit with his tongue. He could tell by her breathing she was close to an orgasm. Slowly he let his tongue drop down into her sweet nectar. She arched to his tongue and gasped, moaning with pleasure. He wanted to fill her with his manhood but didn't want to take her too soon. He stopped using his tongue and spoke to her for the first time. "Are you ready for me to enter you? At her nod he could wait no longer. He positioned himself above her and slowly began to fill her with his hard swollen shaft. He looked down at her as he heard her gasp as if in pain. He had thought she was very tight. He had broken her hymen. 

He stopped and looked into her face again upon realizing what he had done. She looked around his age, how could it be that she had been a virgin. For the first time he felt a little unsure of what he should do. He stopped with his swollen cock within her, wanting her more now than he had before. He looked into her face and said, "Was this your first time with a man, for that is how it felt?" With tears in her eyes she nodded and put a finger to her lips as if to stop his apologies. 

Laying her head down, she arched once again to him. He started slowly to move within her, feeling her reacting to his cock. He knew he was about to bring her to orgasm. He could feel his cock swelling as he became engorged and knew he was soon reach climax too. He looked down at her and asked, "Do you want me to fill you or pull out?" She didn't answer, just kept arching up to him. Finally he could feel her spasms upon his cock and could hold it back no longer. He filled her with his seed. He was in awe of what had happened. He had taken a virgin and didn't even know her name. In fact, she had never spoken at all. He heard her moans of pleasure and cries of release as he had ridden her to climax. 

Sean started to slide out and get up. She put her hand upon his back and pulled him back to her laying his head upon her breast. They lay there together for some time. Finally he lifted his head and once again to look into her eyes. She was lying there asleep beneath him. She was so beautiful, but he still didn't know her name. In fact, she had not spoken. Other than her cries and moans of pleasure, he had heard nothing from her at all.

Sean slowly got up from her and covered her with his towel. He ran to the water to clean off. When he returned she was awake. He reached out his hand to her and she once again put hers in his and he led her to the water. They romped and played in the water but still, she did not speak. Occasionally he would hear a cry of glee but no other sound. After romping for a bit in the water they returned to the blanket. Sean dried her off then used her already wet towel to dry himself. 

Sean was enjoying the day with this enchanting woman but she still had not spoken to him. That he was having trouble understanding. He cleared his throat took her hand in his, looked her in the eyes and said, "Dear lady I have made love to you, taken your virginity, and frolicked with you and yet have I to hear your voice. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and I don’t understand why you won't speak to me. I have enjoyed all the time we have spent together, will you please tell me your name?" 

The lady continued to look in his eyes and wanted so much to speak to him but knew she could not. She looked away from his eyes with tears forming in hers and shook her head. Sean said, "Are you unable to speak, are you a mute?" Once again she looked into his eyes, now with tears running down her cheeks and shook her head again." Now Sean was really confused. Why couldn't this gorgeous woman speak to him? 

Sean finally took her hand and led her to the blanket again and they both sat down. He had her lay on her stomach as he began to massage her body. Oh how he wanted to take her once again. But now he had come out of his dream world and knew he couldn't get away with that. He couldn't for the life of him understand why she had let him take her, especially as she was a virgin. He had become lost in thought when he heard her moaning. 

She was turning over and taking his hand moved it to her once again heaving breasts. He wanted to make love to her once again and fill her. He hadn't wanted a woman for a very long time. He was once again making deep passionate love to her; reveling in her passion when suddenly he stopped and quickly withdrew from her. What was he doing? He hadn't been with a woman since his wife's death. And now, he had taken this beautiful woman, taken her virginity and was about to take her again without even knowing who she was.

He looked into her eyes and could see the question in her eyes. He said, "I'm sorry, I can't believe I am doing this to you. I can't explain what has happened to me today, hell I don't understand it myself." Sean turned away from those hauntingly beautiful eyes and said. "I'm so sorry, please forgive me," and reached and covered her with the towel. I don't even know your name and I truly can not explain what happened to me to cause me to take you."

He chanced looking into her eyes again and could see the tears running down her beautiful face. He wanted to kiss those tears away and make love to her once again but he couldn't. He needed to tell her something first. 

"Beautiful lady, I need to explain something to you before I can allow myself to touch you again. I was married to a beautiful woman who looked like you. On our way home from the wedding we had a car accident and she was killed. I've never been with a woman since. I was so much in love with her that I couldn't bring myself to go through the pain of loosing anyone again. I chose instead to remain alone. The only thing I can say to explain what has happened between us is that you look like her and I allowed my heart to lead me into making love to the only woman I have ever loved in my life." 

Hope lay there listening and knew now that she could speak. "Sean, you can awaken from you dream now, for I am your wife. I did not die in the accident as you were told. I was in a coma for a very long time and when I awakened, I was alone. I didn't know who or where I was. When I asked any questions, I was always told that no one knew who I was. All anyone knew was that I had come there in a coma and had been there for a very long time. I had had a head injury but that had already healed before they had seen me. All they did was take care of me." 

Hope was watching Sean's face as she continued her story. "Once I was able to get about, I was introduced to the modern world. Since they had said I had a head injury, I started looking in the archives of newspapers online. Finally I found what I was looking for. It was a clipping about a young man and woman who had married and on their wedding night had been in an auto accident and the woman had died. There was a picture of the couple. I finally knew who I was."

Sean was still looking into her face and she could see him studying her features. "I have been doing all I can to learn about you, and to find out about myself. I needed to know if you had ever remarried. I found out you bought this beautiful house on the shore. You have isolated yourself from the rest of the world even though you have continued to lead an otherwise normal life. Once you have left work, you have stayed to yourself." 

Sean was still looking at her and she could tell he needed to say something and said, "Please Sean, talk to me, I know you can't believe what I am saying is true but, I promise you it is. You are welcome to check out my story if you wish. I have finally been able to put the pieces together and remember who I am." 

Sean could stand it no longer. He was so full of questions he didn't know where to start. Suddenly he burst out with, "How? Why? What?" and then stood there just looking at her again. He didn't know how what she was saying could be true but looking into her eyes, he knew she spoke the truth. Now he knew why he had wanted her so much. She was indeed the only woman he had ever loved. Even after all this time his heart had not let go of all the love he felt. Sean reached out his hand to her as he had done before and, without a word she once again put hers in his.

He continued to look her in the eyes as he once again led her back to the blanket. Now he would make love to her as he had wanted to on their wedding night, and had earlier, only now, he knew he was making love to the woman he had always loved. She had been a virgin when he met her and she was still a virgin when she returned. Oh how he loved this woman.

He lay her on her back and started kissing her again. This time if was with full understanding and with all the love he had kept locked up inside him all those many long years. Sean kissed her so deeply that he could feel her melting in his embrace. He kissed her lips, forehead, eyes and cheeks. He couldn't kiss her enough. He wanted her to know all the love that he felt for her. He let his tongue glide along her neck and then down her throat. He kissed her chest then passionately suckled at her breast. He slid his tongue beneath her breast and heard her gasp as her hips arched to him. Her breath becoming labored drove him on in his passion. He touched her stomach with his tongue and felt her quiver. Sean couldn't get enough of this wonderful woman who had been his only love.

He stole a glance at her face and saw the look of love, passion and contentment there. He continued on in his passion totally consuming her as she was consuming him. Once again he had reached her sweet mound and entered her with his tongue. She gasped and cried out in ecstasy as he continued to probe and lick. He wanted to give her all the love he had kept inside all those years. Slowly, he mounted her and watched her face as she gave herself once again to him. He rode her with wild abandon reveling in the love he now felt. He felt her first spasms as she was brought once again to climax then finally allowed himself release. His whole body shook with the passion he now released. Unable to hold himself up he once again laid upon her breast. Neither of them spoke, as they lay there reunited in passion and love.

Sean and Hope lay there for some time totally engulfed in their love. They abruptly returned to their senses, as they heard voices on the beach. Sean scrabbled to cover them just as the sunbathers came upon them. They looked into each other's eyes and laughed. Once they finished dressing under the towels, they went for another romp in the lake. 

It had been a wonderful day. Sean and Hope packed up their belongings and headed back to Cocoa then home. For the first time in his life, Sean was looking forward to going home, for now, he had everything he had ever dreamed of.