 Everything here is true and names have been changed for privacy. All actors are over 21 and all actions were entirely consensual between parties.

*****

It's been a few days since Sandra and I had out first sexual encounter. Nothing has really changed between us other than our normal flirting now has more overt sexual undertones and our texting has become more direct. No more generalized hints about sex, now we just blatantly talk about it. We're both eagerly waiting for our next opportunity, fortunately we didn't have to wait much longer. 

Ashley made plans to go "shopping". As she was leaving I told her I was going to get some evening fishing in and I'd be home in the morning. I also reminded her that there's no cell service so she wouldn't hear from me. She was gone for an hour so I started getting ready to go. As I was packing up the Jeep Sandra came out and asked "Where are you going fishing?" I told Sandra I was heading to the lake about an hour away and planned on being out until the sun came up.

"Oh, I see you're packing the blind." She says

"Yeah, if it rains I want some quick shelter. You know how these summer storms are."

"Yeah, I love the rain though. It cools everything down, even if it's only for a couple of hours. Do you mind if I come along? I haven't been out much because John didn't like fishing."

I tell her "Sure, grab your gear."

She runs in the house and about five minutes later she comes out wearing a pair of shorts and a tee shirt carrying a bag and tackle. As she gets closer I notice her nipples poking through her shirt and see that her shorts are tie on, no buttons. She loads her gear and we head out. 

During the hour ride we talked and laughed. We stopped for a 12 pack and I pointed out the condoms. "Should we grab some?" I ask and she replied with a smile "You know we don't need those". We both laughed and headed back out. We got to the lake just as the sun was touching the tops of the hills. There were a few people scattered along the shore and 2 boats trolling. We unloaded and walked about a ½ mile to a secluded spot under some trees. 

We set up our rigs and cast out, popped open some beers and relaxed. It started to cloud over as the sun set. The boats came in and the everyone headed out, leaving us alone on the lakeside. I popped up the blind and stoked a small fire as she bent over the cooler and got us a couple beers. "Last ones" she announces. I gave her a playful slap on her ass causing her to yelp and giggle. 

"Now Rob, you know I like my ass slapped" she said with a smile and flicker in her eye

"Oh, I know that's not all you like."

Just then the clouds opened up and it started pouring. We gathered up the important things and ran in to the blind. We managed to grab our bags, cooler and our phones, the fire was out in under a minute. I turned on the electric lamp to give us a little light and the heater to help dry our wet clothes.

I tell her "This is why I carry a change of clothes. You can hang yours above the heater if you want."

"You just want to get me naked again but I guess I should get out of these wet things." She continues with a wink and sultry smile as she turns her back to me and lifts her shirt over her head and lowers her soaking wet shorts, revealing she wasn't wearing any underwear. She then looks over her shoulder at me she gives her gorgeous ass a little shake. 

I just stared in awe at her beautiful, wet body as she hung her clothes. "What about you? Are you going to sit in those wet clothes?" she asks as she spreads out the blankets. 

As I start undressing she starts playing some dance song on her phone and starts saying things like "Yeah, take it off baby" and "shake that ass for mama". I laughed hard and started doing my best attempt at a strip tease for her. I was still in my underwear and started grinding my cock near her face "WOO! That a boy" she squeals. Then she grabs my hips and pulls my underwear down, my semi hard cock inches from her face. She sticks out her tongue and licks the head, causing my dick to jump. She laps at it again and takes me in her mouth. She scoots up on her knees and starts sucking. She grabs the base of my dick with her thumb and index finger clamping it like a vice and uses her other hand to squeeze my balls. After a few minutes of her sucking me I pull away and lay on my back. 

"Straddle my face, I want to taste you while you blow me."

"Hmm, nope. This is for you baby" she smiles as she leans over me and takes me back in her mouth. 

She grabs my balls again and squeezes them as she takes me all the way down her throat. I let out a loud moan and she starts circling her tongue around my cock. She sucks hard and backs off holding just my head in her mouth, still swirling her tongue around it. She latches on to my balls and squeezes down hard. "Holy fuck, babe!" I yell out in pleasure. She releases me from her mouth, still holding my balls she starts flicking her tongue on my head. I moan in disappointment when she releases her grip. She then slides up, taking my dick between her tits. She holds them together and starts sliding them up and down. I stop her, lay her on her back and place my cock between her tits. "That should be better" I tell her. "Mmm yes it is" she replies. She holds her tits together as I start fucking them. She lifts her head so she can suck the head every time it pushes through. I spit on her tits to keep the action wet and smooth. I start thrusting faster and she asks "Are you going to cum?"

"Soon" I reply

"Mmm, yes. I want to taste you"

As she said that I let out a primal yell and start to cum. She opens her mouth and starts jerking me off in to her open mouth. I spray her face, tits and mouth with my cum, both of us moaning as she tries to catch as much as she can. 

Still straddling her I reach over, grab my camera and snap a picture. "You look too fucking hot for me not to get a pic."

She smiles and says "Where'd that come from?" 

"I always bring my camera whenever I go hiking or fishing."

"Well, you better send me a copy". As she scoops up my cum and licks her fingers I take more pictures so she starts posing so I get the sluttiest possible shots. 

"Hand me my bag" she says.

I give it to her and she pulls out a large dildo and small vibrator. The dildo was realistic and at least 8" long and much thicker than me. The vibrator was only about 6" and thinner than me. It was one of those set ups where the vibrator can go inside the dildo to make it vibrate.

"Let's get some good pictures since you have it. Just tell me what you want me to do." 

I was dumbfounded. Ashley would never let me have a camera in the bedroom and now here I was with Sandra who actually wanted to pose for me and willing to do what I want. 

I tell her "Just do what you want to start and I'll direct you from there." 

"Yes, sir. Anything you say, sir" she says with a wink. 

As she's standing she turns on the small vibrator and turns and starts rubbing the tip over her nipples. *snap* She moves it back and forth over her tits *snap, snap*. She then starts running it over her tattooed collar bone and over her neck *snap snap* She continues by running down between her tits and over her tattooed stomach and her hips. *snap snap snap snap* She then starts heading toward her pussy. She begins rubbing it on her clit, her pussy getting wet.

I continue taking pictures and then tell her to get on her knees with her legs spread. She does and starts rubbing the vibe over her lips, glazing it with her pussy juices. I then tell her to bend over onto her elbows and knees, I take the dildo and tell her to suck it. She does this as if she were sucking a real cock. She grabs it with both hands and starts moaning and slobbering all over it.

"Mmm suck that cock baby".

"I love this cock in my mouth. When can I feel it in my pussy?"

"Soon"

At that moment I realized that she really would do anything I told her too. I decided to see how far she would go. 

"Take the vibe and tease your pussy while you suck that."

"Ok sir"

I move behind her and snapped some shots of her pussy and ass. "Spread your legs wider and push it in your cunt."

"Mmhmm" She mumbles out with the fake cock in her mouth.

"Mmmm" she moans out as she pushes it in. 

I take some more pics and instruct her to lay on her back.

She does and I tell her to start slowly fucking herself with the large dildo.

"Yes sir, anything you want."

She starts slowly sliding it in and out getting it wet, her pussy dripping. I zoom in on it and tell her to hold it there. She starts panting as I frame in just the dildo in her pussy. 

"Ok, now put them together and fuck yourself hard. Get it good and wet."

"Yes sir"

She placed the vibrator into the dildo, turned it on its highest setting and went right to it. Her pussy immediately started dripping down over her asshole and onto the blanket, her juices pooling under her. I let her go at it as I took lots of pictures. Suddenly, she grabbed it with both hands and started ramming it in to her hard and fast. I knew she was going to orgasm soon.

"STOP!" I yelled as I placed my hands on hers to prevent her from putting it back in.

"ahhh, noo" she protested.

I switch over to video.

"Lick it clean"

"Mmm, yes sir"

She began licking it up and down, making sure to get all of her pussy juice off of it.

"Ok, now rub it all over your pussy. Get the dildo and your ass good and wet."

"Can I cum yet?"

"No"

She then rubs it along her pussy and ass, spreading her juices all over it and her holes.

"Have you ever done anal?"

"Just a finger or two and the small vibrator."

"Have you ever had that big thing in your ass?"

"No sir, it's too big." She replied, wide eyed and slack jawed.

"Well, you're going to try it now."

"Y-yes sir." 

"Lay back and spread your legs wide, open it all up and start working it in your asshole."

She follows my orders without protest. 

"Ugh, ugh, hmm. It's too big sir."

I lean down and spit on her asshole. "Keep trying, get the head in."

"Ugh, y-yes s-s-sir" she mumbles as she pushes the head of that thick dildo into her ass. "Oh god, oh, god... ugh ugh ugh."

"Keep pushing"

"Ooohhhh ffffuuucckkk. Yeah yeah yeah..."She yells out as it gets past the half way point.

"Rub your clit and get it all the way in and I'll let you cum"

"Yes sir, yes sir, yesss... Ahhhh!" she yells out as the dildo hits balls deep and she cums. 

When she finishes her orgasm and with the dildo still buried in her ass I grab her legs and spread them wide and slam into her dripping pussy. Still holding the camera I start fucking her hard. She screams out in another orgasm, her hands clawing at the blanket. I tell her "I want to fuck your ass". "Yes sir, do what you want with me" she moans out. I pull out the dildo and slide my cock in with ease. I start with long slow strokes, feeling every inch of her tight asshole. "Please sir, fuck my ass. Give it to me." I took the hint and put her on her hands and knees and started fucking her ass hard. I'd slam in and pull out until just my head was in and slam her again and again. "Mmm, yes sir. That's it sir." As I was fucking her I felt something vibrating near my balls and felt a pressure and the vibrating moving up inside her. She took the large dildo and buried it into her pussy. She continued to fuck herself with it, moving opposite of my strokes. 

"Mmm, that feels good baby. I can feel it vibrating inside you."

"I thought... you'd like it... s-sir, mmm..."

I start fucking her ass harder and she begins slamming her twat. I pull her hair back and it triggers her orgasm. She cums, soaking everything. Her juices running down her legs and mine.

She yells out "FUCK! I'm squirting all over you!"

"Mmm baby, I'm gonna cum. Where do you want it?"

"In my mouth, I want to taste us."

I pull out, grab the camera and point it down. She goes to her knees, straddling the dildo and pushing it into her balls deep. She takes me in her mouth like a woman possessed and sucks off all of her ass and cum from my cock. She takes me all the way in and down her throat, triggering my orgasm.

"ahhh fuck baby! I'm... cumm.. oh fuck oh fuck."

As I cum down her throat she orgasms again, causing her to moan making her throat vibrate around my head. She keeps me throated and swallows every drop. She releases me from her mouth, looks at the camera, smiles and asks "Did you get all that?"

I laugh and look at the camera display "Yeah, the card still has lots of room and 35% on the battery". 

"Good, it's still raining. I want you to take some pics of me in the rain."

She steps out into the rain to rinse off our sex and I start taking pictures off her posing and enjoying the warm summer rain. When she's done she steps back into the blind and says "Well that was fucking amazing. I didn't think I could get that in my ass." 

"You just needed some encouragement . What was with the 'sir' stuff tonight?" I asked

"I remembered that you like to be dominant and I wanted to give myself to you completely. Anytime you want me I'll be there to do whatever you want to me. No strings attached, just sex." 

"Wow, ok." I said taken aback

"What? We've only just started fucking and I like the idea of being told what to do. You know how to make me feel good and cum, I want to do things for you."

"I'm guessing you're into things that I don't know about."

"Yeah, you could say that." She said, smiling.

"I have a feeling we're going to have a lot of fun together."

"Oh Rob, I know we will."

The rain finally died down so we decided to get dressed and pack up. We still had a couple hours until day light but called it a night, we were both pretty tired anyway. On the ride home she laid her seat back and slept the entire drive home. She woke as I pulled in front of the house and noticed Ashley's car wasn't out front.

"Where's she at?"

"She said she was going 'shopping' but I know she's out doing whatever."

"Oh, hun I'm sorry. Well, if you want to stop in you're welcome too."

"Thanks hun but I want to shower and get to bed. She'll be home soon anyway. It's 4am and she knows I'm usually back by 6." 

"I know we talked about this shit but I guess it's different seeing it."

"Eh, I don't care. It's just sex."

"That's true, but I still can't believe you don't care."

"Sandra, if I cared we wouldn't be fucking. Like I said 'sex is just sex'. I mean we're friends but I like your pussy." I said with a grin.

She laughed and replied "That's good because I like your cock". She reached down and grabbed me through my pants, making it twitch in her hand. 

"Oh, it feels like someone wants attention, and we still have some time to kill." Before I could object she had my dick out and her lips wrapped around it. She was jerking and sucking me fast and hard, she wanted my cum. Within minutes she had me dumping what was left in my balls down her throat. 

She looked up and fixed my pants and said "after 2 loads there was still a lot left. I can't believe how much you cum". Then she hopped out of the Jeep and we said good night. I just sat back for a minute and smiled, thinking to myself "this is going to be fun".