 Many of you undoubtedly remember one of my earlier stories where I recounted my experience with my hot Latina MILF neighbor. For those of you who don't remember, read the story. As a refresher, it involved my neighbor Gloria finger fucking her tight little pussy while sunbathing in the back yard, all the while knowing I was watching from afar. This story is another encounter with Gloria, but, unlike the first, it was much more intimate. 

It all started on a Saturday several weeks ago. Lissy, my very sexy wife, was on one of her all day shopping trips with a couple friends from work and I was staying at home to work on our income taxes and some other chores. It was a little after noon when I heard a knock at the door. To my surprise, it was Gloria. And she was looking extremely hot; wearing jeans and a nice sweater. 

"Hi Gloria. How are you?" 

"I'm doing well. And you?" she replied, smiling. 

"Very well, thanks. If you're looking for Lissy, she's not home now and probably won't be back for a few hours." 

"Actually, I was hoping to talk with you for a few minutes. Have I come at a bad time?" 

"Not at all. Come on in," I invited. My mind began to race, trying to figure out what this was all about. 

We sat down and I could see she was a bit nervous, so I offered her a drink. 

"Just some water please," she said, "I'm very thirsty for some reason." 

I handed her the glass and watched as she gulped down the cool water. After finishing, she put the glass on the table and leaned back in her chair. 

"Well," she began, "I don't really know how to say this, so I'm just going to start talking." 

"Ok," I said, "I'm listening," now very intrigued by how she was acting. 

"I don't know if you and Lissy have noticed, but my husband has been working very long hours lately. He's a car salesman and with the economy being as bad as it is, he's just not making much money. He's very depressed because bills just keep piling up. When I ask if I can try and get a job, he's insistent that I continue to stay home, even though both the kids are in school now," she paused. 

"I'm sorry," I said, "I wish there was something I could do to help." 

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk with you about. You see, I've been surfing on the Internet and noticed these websites," she paused again and swallowed hard. 

"What kind of websites?" I prompted, not knowing what to expect or where this conversation was headed. 

"Websites where married people can go to meet other married people to set up affairs," she almost blurted out. 

My jaw must have dropped in shock because she immediately began to apologize. "Don't worry about it," I reassured her, "I just wasn't expecting that. Please continue." 

She asked for another glass of water and after taking a few sips resumed talking. 

"Well, what I was thinking was to go on one of these websites and try to hook up with a married guy. Then, if he liked me and we started sleeping together, well, I could start charging him." 

I didn't know what to say. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

"You see, in addition to the money troubles we're having, my husband doesn't seem interested in sex any more. I think the last time we did anything was over a month ago. I know it may shock you, but I love sex. I need it badly. So, I thought by doing what I just told you, I could make some money and satisfy my cravings." 

"It's awfully risky, though," I said. "There's lots of weird and dangerous people out there. Plus, what about your kids?" 

"True," she said, "but I think I could handle things." 

"Ok, well, what exactly do you want from me?" I asked. 

"Well, first I want to get your opinion on whether you think I'm good-looking enough. Would some guy out there actually want to sleep with me?" 

"Gloria, I don't know how to answer this question," I replied. 

"Just be brutally honest with me," she answered. 

"Ok then, there are a lot of guys out there who would do just about anything to sleep with a woman as sexy as you." 

She blushed. "Thanks, I appreciate the compliment." 

"What else can I do?" I asked. 

"Um, well, I want you to practice with me," she said, stammering a bit. 

"I'm not following you, what do you mean?" I asked. 

"Well, I've only ever been with one man, my husband. Before I go hooking up with a stranger, I want to experience someone else; someone I know and trust. That someone is you. Plus, I know you like me. Remember the little show I put on for you last summer?" 

"You want me to sleep with you?" I asked incredulously. 

"Well, to put it bluntly, yes. I know you, I trust you, and I think you must be good in bed. Many nights in the summer when we have the windows open I've heard Lissy moaning and screaming. It makes me sooo wet when I hear her." 

I just couldn't believe I was hearing this. I had to pinch my arm to make sure I wasn't dreaming. For a couple minutes I just sat there in silence, trying to comprehend and digest what I had just heard. Finally, I spoke, "When do you want to do this?" 

"Right now. My husband won't be home for a long time and my sister has the kids for the day. You said Lissy won't be home for hours, so we have lots of time." 

"Where?" I asked. 

"My house," she replied. 

Without another word, we both stood and I followed her next door. I couldn't believe I was doing this, but how could I pass up an opportunity to fulfill one of my fantasies I've had since I was a kid. Fucking a Latina chick was at the top of that list. There was just something about their dark skin, dark eyes, and long dark hair that made my cock throb. It was certainly throbbing now as I followed her into the house and up the stairs to the bedroom. 

"Ok," she said, "here we are." She stood by the bed with her eyes fixed on me and slowly began to undress. The sweater came off first, followed by a long-sleeve T-shirt, which revealed a black bra. Then came her shoes, socks, and finally, her jeans, revealing a pair of black bikini brief panties. 

"What do you think?" she asked, still intently watching my reactions. 

My breath almost caught in my throat and I was sure she could see me drooling. God she was hot! Those long dark legs; thighs that looked to be silky smooth; and God, what a rack! "You're even hotter than I imagined," I said, licking my lips. "My only suggestion is that you might want to get a thong for your affair. Most guys really like them." 

"I'll keep that in mind," she said, turning around and motioning me forward to undo her bra. I stepped forward and undid the clasp. As it dropped to the floor, she turned to face me; those gorgeous tits right there for me to touch. Next, the panties came off, revealing a nicely trimmed pussy and, even better, that amazing ass of hers I've always been so fond of. It's definitely the most beautiful and perfect ass I've ever seen, perfect for grabbing and/or spanking. 

She laid down on the bed, slightly spreading her legs. "Now it's your turn," she said, "please undress." 

I fumbled with my clothes, so very nervous and excited I felt like a kid on prom night. When I was naked, she sat up and looked me up and down. 

"Very nice," she almost whispered. "I really like your cock." She motioned me over to the bed. 

"What position do you want to try?" I asked. 

"My husband only likes it when he's on top. Once and a while he'll let me be on top, but those are the only things I know," she replied. 

I couldn't help but wonder to myself what kind of guy her husband was. A chick this hot who loves sex, man, I'd do anything she wanted and would encourage experimentation.

"Do you have something you think I should try?" she asked. 

"Here was my chance to actually live that fantasy I had jerked off to many times. I took a deep breath and said, "I think you should try doggy style. If I may say, you have a beautiful ass. Most guys I know would love to," I paused, not knowing whether I should say the word or not. 

"Fuck me from behind?" she finished my sentence and smiled. 

"Well, yes, fuck you from behind while watching your beautiful ass." 

"We'll try it, but first, let's do something I know." She spread her legs further apart and beckoned me. 

I mounted her and gently slid my hard cock over the outside of her pussy, pausing for a minute or so to rub it on her clit. She moaned seductively. Then I slid inside her, that hot Latina pussy closing around my cock. We both moaned. 

I began to slowly slide my cock in and out of her pussy. God, she felt amazing! She responded by moving her hips, meeting my thrusts and rocking slightly from side to side. Wow! I thought, Shakira is right, those Latina hips really don't lie! 

"Oh, yes. That feels amazing!" She said. "I forgot how good it feels to have a cock between my thighs and buried in my cunt! Keep fucking me!" We continued to move for another minute or two before she stopped and said, "ok, let's try it. What do I do?" 

I sat up and told her how to assume the position. Before I knew it, there she was, on her hands and knees, her spectacular ass in the air, and legs spread. A few drops of her wetness ran down her thigh and dripped on the bed. Did I mention how awesome her ass was! 

"Gloria," I said, "You know, some guys might like to spank your ass. Has your husband ever done that?" 

"No," she replied, "But I'd love it if you would." 

"Tell me if you don't like it," I said, gently smacking her. To my surprise, she yelped with delight. 

"Spank me harder!" she squealed. "ooooh! That feels amazing!" I did as directed. 

Then I took my position behind her, sliding my cock between those thighs that were just as smooth and delicious as I had imagined. My cock slid with ease into her tripping little pussy and I began to pump in and out. Again, she moved her hips to meet me and we started up an amazing rhythm. I reached my arms around her and cupped her bouncing tits in my hands, gently pinching her nipples. I wasn't sure how'd she react since I doubted her prude of a husband had done this before, but her progressively louder moaning and panting breath told me I had nothing to worry about. 

"Fuck me! Oh my God! Fuck me!" she panted, slamming her hips back to meet my thrusts. 

I moved my right hand down to her clit and gently began to rub as I continued to fuck her. My orgasm was almost there. 

"Make me cum! Make me cum!" she yelled burying her face in the pillow to muffle her yells. "Oh God! Yes! Yes! I'm cumming!" As she said this, she bucked her hips back one more time, ramming my cock deep inside her tight little pussy. Her body tensed with the orgasm and she squeezed her pussy around my cock. With a grunt, I shot my load deep inside her. A stream of cum ran out her pussy and dripped onto the bed. 

She sat up and smiled at me. "Thank you. That was amazing. And by the way, I'm not really going to do any of those websites. I just wanted to fuck you and had to come up with a story. I really do love sex and my husband won't give it to me and I knew you would."

"I'm happy to oblige any time. It should be a federal offense to withhold sex from a woman as hot and horny as you." 

One sad note to all of this is that just a few days ago, the bank foreclosed on my MILF's house and they're now being forced to move. Hopefully I'll get at least one more fuck session before she is gone forever.