 This is unbelievable, I never thought anything like this happens in life My name is Sunil and I lived in India with my parents and I was only child of my parents but when I was just 16 both of my parents died of car accident leaving me alone.

As my relatives were not helping me and I had just completed my High School Examination and I had just finished it up with flying colors and the next two years were of utmost importance as I entered high school and again I finished Senior high school examination with flying colors. During these years I worked for earning money doing some odd part time job for paying for my school fees and other expenses I couldn't enjoy any luxury which normal teenagers enjoyed and many times I was in financial crisis as I was not able to do jobs if there were examination schedule, but to my luck my saving grace was lady named Sonali who was my immediate neighbor. She helped me at this time of crisis.

Sonali was a widow and was of 33 years of old when my parents died .I never saw her husband and whenever I enquired about her she got a strange look on her face and told me, he has died along time ago so, I learned to not to mention it anymore. She worked as a Public Relations Manager in one Firm her assets being good face and good command over language.

As I had cleared my Senior high school with flying colors and I was 18 then and I was out there planning what to do in Vacation before I took an admission to college/professional course and I was just short of money to go for professional course.

On sexual from things were different from other teenagers. I've had a few dates with my School girls Sarita, Rambha (18 yrs. old) but they haven't gotten passed the hot and heavy kissing and breast feeling stage. These dates always leave me wanting more, but I never got the nerve to delve into the pot of gold and taste the tender fruit of womanhood. Most of the time I was horny as hell. With no female comfort, this leaved me with my trusty hand to lull the tension in my body. I just masturbated often. 

Sometimes I used to fantasize about my neighbor Sonali. Due to her helping hand to me in time of crisis I used to frequent her house for giving her a little helping hand and I had glimpses of her breast so many times during her to do the daily chores around the house. This usually got me very hot and I would shoot off almost immediately

As usual I noticed that Sonali's health was getting worse and she was just out of mood due to tension of workplace and she was sleepless for days. As her health getting down to worse I told her to see our trusted next door doctor, Dr. Rosa to get some help sleeping pills. The next day she came back with a prescription of heavy-duty sleeping pills.

That night she took her first pill and was dead to the world. But again I there was no use as she had no relaxation from mental tension and I thought that it was due to lack of sex and at that moment I decided to screw her and fuck her.

Next Day I just become bold and told that you require relief from sexual desire and I am interested in you and I just tried to squeeze her boob to which she just replied you naughty boy just do it to girl of your age I am just very elder than you and she ran away.

Her reply just put me in catch 22 position as she had not refused my offer but at that time she had not given me a clear signal which was confusing It was a hard week and I was a healthy teenager needing relief.

She was very pretty. She never dated anyone after her husband's death and I didn't understand why she didn't go out for another marriage. I saw a lot of guys trying to put the moves on her over the years so, I knew she had plenty of opportunities but she never attempted it and she really kept her male colleague at a distance like a true Indian widow

The same night she forget to take her sleeping pills and I was just in her house and I was just firm in taking chance of sex with her. I was so excited that I almost shot my load before I reach the bed. She was lying on her back with her head tilted away from me, her mouth slightly open, and her dark black hair fanned across the pillow

I slowly pulled back the covers to reveal her body covered in a pink Shalwar Qameez. Her chest was rising and falling with each breath. Every time she inhaled her breasts strained to be released from their confinement. Her nipples were outlined in the thin material. She didn't wear the bra, and I knew from my previous investigation that she never wear panties. My mouth was watering for a taste of those tender rose buds. I slowly started to unbutton her top three buttons of Qameez, I had to stop for a second and get a hold of myself because my hands were shaking a little.

I finally got her last button undone. Her chest was revealed in all its glory. Her breasts were the size of large grapefruits. I bent forward, put my lips on Sonali's right nipple and started to slowly to suck on it, with my hand I fondled and squeezed the other. The nipples hardened under my attention and Sonali started to breathe faster. 

I got my tongue into action began to lick her breasts. My penis was hard as a steel rod and straining to be let out. I reluctantly let go of her breasts and quickly undressed. I stood naked above Sonali's body enjoying the strange feeling running through my body. I wanted to see her all. I worked my fingers under the Sash or Izarband of her Shalwar and pulled down but didn't get far. The material was catching under her butt. 

I had to shift her hips to the side and work her Shalwar down inch by inch. After all this moving around, she was still out of it. I had a good view of her pussy. The pubic hair was dark and thick. I went in for a closer look

The nearer I got the stronger the sweet musk sent became. I stuck my face into her pussy and took a deep breath. I absorbed her sent. This was too much for my young mind to take; I had to have a taste of Sonali's wonderful juicy pussy. I ran my tongue up along the slit. I felt like I touched an open light socket. I went mad with lust. My tongue probed inside her cunt. Sonali's mind was out of it, but her body was responding to my eating her pussy. Her legs became wider and the muscles of her cunt grabbed my tongue and wanted to pull me in. I found the clit and my tongue began a fencing match. I licked up, around and socked on it. It was like Niagara Falls down there, it was wet. I lapped and socked up the love juice my darling Sonali was giving me. Sonali started to moan.

This scare the hell out of me, because I thought she was waking up; I looked up. She was in the same position when last I checked with her eyes closed. I was safe, but was hurting. My cock was ready to burst. I got up on the bed and moved in between those beautiful long legs. I grabbed my penis. It felt like I had a boa constrictor hanging between my legs, it was pulsing and jerking around. I was more then a handful. I rubbed the tip of my cock along her pussy.

Now Sonali was wake up and she knew about my entire game but her thirsting body wanted my action but her puritan mind was giving some other message. I said in a whisper "Do you want my big cock in your cunt Sonali?" And her reply was yes I want it I am thirsting for it since my husbands death on getting her positive reply, I slowly sled my tree trunk of a cock into her. Inch by inch I slid home unlit all my 6-inch penis was in; she was so very tight. It felt like I had my cock in a vice. The moaning from my Sonali was getting faster and loader. I started to slide back and forth in her. Man was she wet and warm!

I didn't last long; I felt my ball tingling. My first hot molten jet of cum pulsed into the vagina. Jet after jet filled her up, it felt like it would never stop. Cum leaked around my cock and down the crack of her ass. She couldn't hold the large load of cum my penis was injecting. Slowly the pulses ebbed and stopped. I have never felt like this before ever in my life.

I was dazed after shooting my huge wad of body. I was weak and collapsed onto mom's chest. When I came to my senses, I looked at the clock on the nightstand, Jesus; it was 4:00 AM. I pulled out my deflated member, more of my cum was oozing out of mom's pussy onto the bed sheets. I ran to the bathroom and got some towels to clean up the mess. I put her Shalwar back on and knotted the izarband or sash and buttoned her qameez and tucked the sheets around her neck. I was exhausted.

I went to sleep with a satisfied smile on my lips that night. I awoke later that morning; I still felt a little drained. I showered and made myself some thing to eat in her kitchen. Sonali got up after breakfast. I was having Tea in her kitchen when she came in; I was a little nervous. And she would remember, what happened last night. She was softly humming to herself; she came up to me, kissed me on the cheek, and said " GOOD Morning". Thanks for providing such a wonderful experience and I just replied good morning Sonali.

Now that afternoon she just threw away all the sleeping pills and we talked openly about sex and other allied subjects.

We even had a co-bathing and we just made foreplay with each other and we sat on Sofa after bathing and I tickled her feet, she woke up and smiled, we talked and meanwhile I started caressing her hands and arms, suddenly she asked me about my sex life and I told her honestly, that I am looking outwards, she smiled and said nothing, I touched her hair, then face, then lips, she didn't say anything, but laid on the bed, eyes closed. I, encouraged, put my hand on her belly and started making finger movements around her navel, then I moved to pull her Kameez up and kissed on her soft belly, she sighed and turned her back, I held her by her thin waist, kissed her neck, and slowly pulled the zipper down kissing her back as it unwrapped, then I caressed her hips from above her salwaar, now she was on, she turned towards me and hugged me tightly, I kissed her lips she slowly opened her lips and let my tongue in, our tongues mingled.

After a passionate kiss I tried taking her shirt off, she gave in after a little protest, as her round and beautiful breasts were exposed to me I started kissing her on breasts, circling her nipples with my tongue, she was making sweet sounds, than I started sucking her and biting her nipples, gently, she was all game now and started pulling my cloth, soon we were hugging and ant winged all naked. I felt her naked body, she was smooth as marble, and white as milk, her nipples were light brown, she has turned her back towards me, feeling shy, and I was kissing her, soft skin, she was bending and turning like a snake as my lips moved down towards her waist and the hips, round and tight, I pinched and bit her hips and went down to the back of her thigh. She let out a loud sigh as my fingers touched her asshole and then pussy, she turned towards me and held my Erect penis and started jerking me, but I had lot of other work to do, I made her lay down, kissed her navel and my tongue rolled downwards to her shaved cunt, she was just mad with ecstasy, when my tongue parted those lips, and as I inserted my tongue in her hips lifted in air, for more. As we were in a 69 position, my erect penis wet with pre cum was touching her face and neck, on my instructions she started licking it, while I worked on her pussy, she was delicious to suck, as if the nectar of a flower, I did it with my tongue going as far as possible and suddenly slid a finger up her asshole, her legs tightened over my face, and her hips thrusting, I moved my tongue vigrously, and she had her first orgasm, she cried with pleasure."ummmm, ahhh, ooi maa" 

She ate my cock like an ice-cream, i came in her mouth, which she took very eagerly she rose, caught my face and kissed me, like anything, she didn't had experienced oral sex before. She sucked me again to erection, while I finger fucked her rosy cunt, and then she begged to fuck her, i placed pillow below her hips and rubbed my tool on her hole she moaned and raised her hips to grab it in her, I inserted it slowly, her eyes were shut tightly, i started the motion slowly and she gave out sweet sighs with the motion, then i started thrusting at full speed, she cried with surprise and pleasure," yes , yes, do it , harder, please ufffff ohhh" and her hips cooperated with my motion after about 10 minutes of fucking, we both came together and she was moaning with pleasure. and then we slept together, naked

Now next day we become more serious and she told me that there was danger of her getting pregnant due unprotected sex and that we cannot live like normal married couple so we should think next but I told I was not going to look back and I was ready to any thing for her.

In after noon I just went to market and purchased A Sindoor, A Mangalsutra and garlands and flower and in evening I just took all these items and showed to her and she was just surprised and said what about your education and job and I said I am able to complete even my schooling due to your help and its my way to pay back your obligations.

And I want to marry you and when she told would it acceptable to society I told we are individuals and we have to take decision to which she told that she require some time to think for it and I agreed.

But to my surprise She then decorated her bedroom as like the day she had married and decorated with flower and arrived as newly dressed bride and I took her to local temple where I put Sindoor in Parting of her hairs and tied Mangalsutra in her neck and pledged to god that we were going to be husband and wife for rest of life and we had good dinner And we came to home as husband and wife and we did the entire sexual act as husband and wife.

Next day we drew a code of conduct for our-selves that she would go as widow in day time to her job and at night she would dress as normal Hindu wife and she would fund my entire higher education and on completion of it I would do a legal wedding with her and we would do all sexual activities as husband and wife and we would not speak about it to anybody.

We followed the code rigorously and we had our sex routine continued as usual and being assured of financial help I got admission to engineering college and I was just concentrating on my studies and I cleared my semesters with flying colors. Day's months and years passed by and our routine continued and when I just celebrated my 21st birthday and I had just cleared my final semester, she went back to the doctor for another problem and When she got back, she dropped a bomb on me. She was pregnant!

As she dropped me the bomb of her pregnancy I got result of my final semester and I got first class with distinction and I was awarded with engineering degree, as I was good student I got a job through campus interview and I got it another town which was just 300 kms away from our town.

Now she reminded me of our commitment and when we moved to town of my job she also got her job transferred there and there we legally wedded we did a common law marriage.

We were the strangest couple according to marriage registrar husband of 21 years and wife of 38 years. I.e. wife is 17 years older than husband. But we were committed to our commitment and since she was already pregnant we were doing all our sexual activities with care. Finally she gave a birth to baby boy, which we named Ranjit.

Two years after birth of Ranjit she again gave birth to another boy named Sanjay.

Now days she is just demanding sex from me that I am obliging as dutiful husband and we may plan for third kid.

She takes all the required care to see that she remains attractive and our sexual adventures continues.