 This is my first submission so go easy on me. Everything here is true and names have been changed for privacy. All actors are over 21 and all actions were entirely consensual between parties.

*****

Some background on me. I'm a mid thirties average man. I work full time plus overtime, I go to the gym semi regularly, eat guy food and enjoy the outdoors. I'm just an average guy living life. I'm also a very sexual person. I love sex! I love everything about it. I enjoy rough sex and domination. It's always been hard to find a woman who can keep up with me. I don't have six pack abs or a porn star cock but I've never had a woman that I didn't "bottom out" in and have been told I'm quite thick. I also cum alot. I've had a sperm count done and the doctor informed me that my semen production is "well above average" and my past partners are always pleasantly surprised. But enough about me, you came here to read a story. So, let's get started. In the following stories I'll call myself "Rob", my girlfriend/wife is "Ashley. My neighbors are "John" and "Sandra".

I'm involved with a wonderful woman, Ashley, who I thought was perfect for me. She's two years older than me, 4'10", petite with 36DD tits, curvy in all right places, a flat belly and a great ass. Things were great in the beginning. She worked part time and took care of the house, we had regular sex and she was open to trying new things in the bedroom. I was her first in many new experiences in the bedroom. She learned that she liked toys, mild bondage, spanking, anal and giving head. 

We had been together for about 5 years when on one night in particular we came home from a date night, as soon as the door was closed I pushed her against the door and we started kissing and groping each other like crazy. She broke the kiss, smiled and asked "Can I at least get my coat off?" I helped her get her coat off and started undoing her dress. I unbuttoned it and dropped it to the floor. She lifted my shirt over my head and our lips found each other's again and we started removing each others pants. We started heading toward the bedroom leaving our clothes along the way. We pushed through the door, fell into the bed and tore off our underwear. We were grabbing, kissing and licking each other all over. She stroked me and got me hard while I rubbed her clit and pussy lips until my hand was soaked with her juices. I reached over the side of the bed and picked up our toy bag. I took out her favorite vibrator, a 7" realistic vibe that was slightly thinner than my cock. She laid on her back as I knelt at her side and I turned it on to the highest setting. I rubbed the head over her pussy lips and started pushing it into her. She began moaning and placed her hand over mine, helping to push it in farther. After we had it almost all the way in she moved her hand and I started working it in and out of her. She turned onto her side and took me in her mouth. She began licking my shaft and flicking her tongue across the head. She ran her tongue down and lapped at my balls. She would alternate sucking one ball and then the other, slobbering all over them.

She worked her way back up and took my head into her mouth and sucked me in circling her tongue around as she did so. As she bobbed her head up and down on me she cupped my balls and grabbed my ass, holding me in place while she sucked me. As I fucked her dripping pussy harder and faster with the dildo her sucking matched my work. Her hips thrusted to the rhythm. Her moans muffled by my dick in her mouth. Her pussy now dripping, running over her thigh and soaking the sheets under her. I fucked her harder and faster with the rapidly vibrating fake dick. Knowing she was about to cum, I slammed it into her all the way causing her to orgasm. She moaned on my dick her grip on my soaked balls tightened. She slapped my ass then inserted a finger into my asshole triggering my own orgasm. As I shook and thrust she pushed her finger all the way into me. She removed my cock from her mouth and jerked me all over her tits and face, covering herself with my seed. She released her grip on me and slowly pulled her finger from ass. When we started to come down from our high she rolled on her back and I collapsed next to her. All I could get out was a "Holy shit".

She looked at me and asked "Did you like that?"

"Oh my God, YES! How did you like having your pussy fucked and my cock in your mouth?"

She answered "Mmmm...That was pretty wild!" 

She must have got caught up in the moment because she never let me finish in her mouth. She started rubbing my cum all over her tits and body. Then, she used her fingers and scooped it off of her face and began licking her fingers clean. She smiled and said "Hm, it's actually not that bad". After she cleaned it all up we snuggled up and drifted off to sleep.

After that our sex life began to fade. Everything else still was good, except our sex life. We went from two or three times a week to semi regular sex once every week or two. Even though it was good, it wasn't like we used to have. She rarely took it from behind, never got on top and the blow jobs all but stopped. There was no more spanking, bondage or anal. The toys sat in their bag next to the bed and never came out unless she went solo when I wasn't home. I knew she used them because she didn't try to hide it, she would leave them on the bed or nightstand.

I actually considered the fact she might have another guy on the side. One night we were watching some romantic drama that centered around the woman cheating on her boyfriend and feeling guilty. I looked at her and said "I wouldn't care if you cheated on me."

"What?" she asked, looking puzzled by my comment.

"I said, I wouldn't care it you cheated on me."

"Gee thanks." She replied sarcastically. 

"Seriously. I've been through Hell with exes and I've dealt with worse. I really wouldn't care. Just don't stop having sex with me and don't do it in our bed. I don't want to know but, if you want to tell me I won't get mad or leave you. I've never cheated on you and I wouldn't use you doing it as a free pass."

"You're serious? You wouldn't get mad?"

"No, I wouldn't."

"Ummm... ok."

"Also, if you ever want a threesome with another guy, just ask. But I want to approve of him first. Another woman is fine too. Not for a threesome, not that I'd complain. But if you wanted to fuck around with another woman that's fine too. But THAT I want to hear all about." I winked at her.

"I don't think so" she said with a giggle "But I don't want anyone else. Ok?"

"Ok."

I'm sure there was someone else. All the signs were there. She would be gone all day "shopping" while I'm at work with nothing to show for it. No charges on the card and we don't carry cash. Extra panties in her purse along with perfume, deodorant, etc.. A change of clothes in her trunk. She stuck to never telling me and not doing it in our bed but she rarely fucked me anymore.

I asked her why we never fooled around anymore and she told me "You hurt me down there when we have sex." I asked her to explain. She just said "I don't know why, it just doesn't feel good any more." She even tried to stroke my ego by adding "I think you're just too big for me now." As if I somehow grew or she got tighter. And that was that. Sex dwindled down to once a month and boring.

A year later we moved into a bigger place. New house, new start. At least that's what I had hoped for. The first year was pretty uneventful. Any type of sex all but stopped and, when we did do it, it was always missionary with very little foreplay. I would go down on her until she reached orgasm and to get her wet enough to fuck but got no other reciprocation. She was still good to me in every way, except in the bedroom. The signs of another man were still there and the only thing I cared about was the lack of sex with me. 

Our neighbor was older than us and not attractive to me at all. She was nice but not someone we really clicked with enough to form a friendship. A few months later she moved out and a young, mid twenties couple moved in, that's when I met "her".

Oh yes... Her name is Sandra and she was the type of woman I always fantasized about. Long legs, 5'7" tall, slender with 36D tits with blond hair, green eyes and just enough tattoos to be sexy. Her and her boyfriend, John, and I hit it off great. They liked Ashley and we all often got together around the fire pit for drinks and conversation. 

We'd hear John and Sandra through the wall going at almost nightly. John sounded like he had a good start but he didn't have much stamina. Some nights I'd try to get something going and others I'd look at Ashley and ask her, "You remember when we'd go at it like that?" She would just roll her eyes or say something that indicated she wasn't in the mood. She was never in the mood.

Sandra and I became closer over the next few months. We would talk about things and bitch about our respective partners. We constantly flirted and made it clear we found each other attractive. When our partners weren't around there was some ass grabbing and poking but nothing overtly sexual. I had been over many times alone with her and nothing physical ever happened between us other than that.

One night Sandra, John and I were having some drinks by the fire after Ashley went to bed. When John went in to get a couple fresh bottles. Sandra whispered to me "Hey, I'm ending things with John, I just don't know when or how." I knew it was coming, he was a man child who didn't work and she pretty much took care of him and everything else. I asked if she tried talking to him. She said "Rob, you know I have". 

"When did you decide this?"

"A couple weeks ago. When I told you I'm sick of the shit".

"Oh, ok. I remember that. I didn't know you were sure though."

"Yeah, that night I made up my mind. I'm sick of taking care of everything while he sits and plays games all day while I'm at work."

I have her a knowing look and asked "You're full of shit. Who is he?"

She blushes "What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean. You say you decided two weeks ago but you haven't told him. Someone gave you a push. So, who is it?"

She smiles and looks away "My ex."

"WHAT?! Seriously?"

"I know, it's a bad idea."

"Sandra, he's an ex for a reason. He treated you like shit." 

"But Rob, he got his shit together. He called and was so sweet to me."

I looked her in the eye and said "You went over and fucked him. Didn't you?"

She looks down, ashamed and whispers "yes."

"Honey, there's no reason to feel bad. If you want to fuck him that's up to you."

"I don't want you to be mad at me." 

"You shouldn't care if I'm not mad or anything else. It's not my place to tell you who you can fuck or date."

"I know, I shouldn't care but I do care what you think. Rob, you're the best friend I've ever had."

"Great, friend zoned" I say laughing. "But, you know what he's about so be careful."

"I know, he's a manipulative bastard. I only went over once, the day after I decided about John, and I wasn't really into it. I guess I can't stand the thought of being with him in any way but I gave in to his lies... again."

"Hey, it's ok as long as you can see it. If you go back that's up to you. If you just want his dick than use him for it. We're still friends no matter what you decide."

"That's not even worth it." She said with a smirk.

John comes back out with some new beers and we smile and cheer, hiding the seriousness of the conversation. Sandra looks at me and mouths "Thanks Rob". I wink and blow her a kiss. She smiles and sighs. We finished our beers pretty quick and it's her turn to get a few more. When she gets up John starts tending to the fire, his back to the door. She goes in and from the door she waves her arms to get my attention, she blows me a kiss and lifts her shirt and bra, showing me her beautiful tits. My jaw dropped and John looked at me and asks "What's with you?" I reply "Oh, I was just admiring the stars", "Yeah, it is a nice night" he adds. 

After another round John says he's feeling a little drunk and decides to call it a night. He gives Sandra a peck on the lips and tells us both good night as he staggers into the house, we hear him tripping as climbs the steps to the bedroom . After we hear the door slam shut she turns to me and says with a sigh "Finally. Now we get some alone time". She comes over and sits on my lap and rests her head on my shoulder. I'm a bit confused and I ask her if she's worried that he's going to come back out. "Nope, when he gets more than three beers in him he's out for the night. Aren't you worried about Ashley coming out?" 

"Nah, she has work in the morning and has been in bed. She's sound asleep by now."

"Good, I need to talk anyway."

"About...?:

"Him, her, you, me. You know I think you're good looking and I think you find me a little attractive. You know now that I'm kicking him out and I know that you're unhappy."

"Yes to everything except that I find you a little attractive."

"Oh." She frowns and looks away from me.

I pick her head up and look at her and say "I think you're fucking hot! I know that sounds lame but you know I'm not one for all the bullshit and other stuff." 

"I know and that's why we get along so well. No sugarcoating anything and we say whatever is in our head. That's why I'm going to tell you flat out that I want to fuck you." 

I'm dumbfounded. I ask her if she's sure. "Yes" she says while nuzzling into my neck. Her hot breath on me sending chills down my spine and making my cock twitch. She lifts her head and tries to kiss me. "Whoa, hold on" I say as I move my head. "You're drunk and I'm not. If we have sex I don't want you to regret it. Besides, what about Ashley?"

"Sweetie, I know you're not getting any and you're frustrated. You tell me that all the time and I hear you watching porn when she's not around. The walls are thin." She says with a sexy smile and wink. Well, I can't argue with that logic.

"I know that, we used to hear you two going at it all the time. He sounds good out of the gate but isn't much for the long run. I kind of feel bad for you." I smile and give her ass a playful tap. 

"Ugh, you hear that? He doesn't last as long as I need him too and doesn't fuck me like I want it" she says, laughing.

"Yup" I laughed "although I haven't heard anything in about two weeks or so."

"Yeah, I stopped giving it to him when I decided I wanted to end it. I told you I went to the ex the next day. So it's been two weeks since I got any."

"I see. So you were waiting for me?" I ask with a smile and a wink. 

"Actually, yes. I've wanted you for a long time and I know you want me too. So, are you going to fuck me or not? And by the way, I'm not drunk. I only had two all night." 

I pull her in and kiss her. Soft pecks at first but she wanted more. I pull away eliciting a soft whimper from her. "Slow down hun, I want you to enjoy this." "I already am" she replies then plants her lips on mine and pushes her tongue into my mouth. She backs off and turns her hips to straddle me and we go right back to our passionate kiss. Our hands roaming over our clothes, pulling and grabbing at each other. Our tongues dancing and mouths sucking. "Should we go inside?" I ask. "No, I want you right here." she says in a breathless, hushed voice.

I push her back and lift her shirt over head only to see she's not wearing a bra. I moan at the sight of her perfect tits inches from my face. She smiles and says "I took it off before, my panties too." My dick immediately springs to life and she starts grinding on me. "Mmm, there he is. I've wanted to feel that for a long time." I lean down and start kissing her boobs, my hands roaming her back. She lifts my shirt over my head and kisses my neck. Our pants still on, she starts grinding harder on my dick. I flick my tongue over one nipple, then the other as I grab her ass. She's working her pussy on me and begins moaning so I increase my play on her tits. I bite her nipple and grab her ass with both hands. She starts shuddering, breathing heavier and moaning into my neck as she pushed herself onto me. I notice her pants are soaked through and feel her wetness through mine. "Did you just cum?" I ask. "Mmhmm" is all she could get out. Gasping she adds, "I've never cum like that."

She slides down off of me, drops to her knees and pulls my pants down all at once. She doesn't waste time and takes me into her mouth, all the way until her nose is pressed into my pubic bone. My head starts spinning with how good it feels to be buried in her throat. "Holy shit" I say breathlessly. She slides off and says "I'm glad I'm not the only one who shaved today" and goes right back to sucking me off. She's not wasting any time teasing me and is sucking like she wants my cum NOW. 

"Slow down baby, you're going to make me cum too soon."

"Mmmm" she moans as she grabs my balls with both hands. 

That did it. "Oh God babe, I'm gonna cum" 

"MmmHmm" she moans out. Just as I start shooting into her mouth she deepthroats me and tries to swallow it all. She comes up for air as my last few shots streak across her nose, cheeks and mouth. 

"Oh my goodness! You came alot. You must've been backed up." 

"No, I just produce a lot of cum."

"All the time?" She asks wide eyed. 

"Ummm, yeah." I stammer out. "Now it's your turn." 

She wiped my cum off of her face and licks her fingers. I lift her up and kiss her, slightly tasting myself, and start rubbing her pussy. She moans into my mouth and I push her into the chair. I immediately kneel and yank off her pants, staring at her smooth, hairless pussy. It's dripping and glistening from the light of the fire.

I start licking her inner thighs, moving up one and down the other, inhaling her sweet, musty scent. As I'm teasing her and deliberately ignoring her pussy, she grabs my head and pulls me into her lips. I bury my tongue flat between her labia and lap up over her clit, tasting her sweet juices. I point my tongue and circle her sphincter and lick up between her lips. I stop at her clit and circle it, I move back down and lick her asshole again. "Mmmmm, tongue my ass Rob. He never did that for me." I push my tongue between her ass cheeks and into her asshole. "Yessss..." she hisses while grabbing my head and pulling me closer to her. 

I work back up to her clit and insert a finger into her pussy. "Mmm mm yes..." she moans in encouragement. As I suck her clit and I flick my tongue back and forth and slowly insert a second finger. Her pussy is dripping, her juices flowing and leaking down over her asshole. I use my other hand and slowly circle her bud with my thumb and slowly push it in. At this point there's my index and middle fingers in her pussy, my thumb in her ass and my tongue on her clit. "Yes yes yes, ugh ugh ugh... Finger my ass". I remove my thumb and using the same hand I'm manipulating her pussy with, I push my ring finger and pinky into her asshole and spread them. Starting her orgasm, I suck and bite her clit "OHHH MYYYY GGGGG!! yeah yeah yeah" she mumbles out as she starts cumming, grinding against my hand and mouth. Her pussy releases a torrent of juice, running down my face and chin. I pull my fingers out and remove my mouth from her clit. 

After that I'm rock hard again. I start to stand up and she kisses me, tasting herself on my mouth causes her to shudder in an aftershock orgasm. I don't waste time and slide into her, balls deep in one hard stroke. She immediately locks her legs around my and claws at my back. She buries her face into my neck to muffle her scream. I start thrusting, long and hard. "Yes, mmm fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... Oh God yes..." I increase my pace using the same long, hard strokes. I'm pulling back until just the head remains in her and slamming back in all the way causing her to yelp every time I hit bottom. After a few more strokes I feel her cervix open up and suck my head in. She cums hard and I cover her mouth with mine to keep the neighbors from hearing us. Her pussy pulses and cervix tightens around my dick head. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum! Where do you want it?" 
