 The apartment building next door to my home was having work done, and the majority of it was being done right outside my office window. I was a work at home type, so I watched it all get done. There was a lot of guys doing the work, and surprisingly, a couple of women. The one that caught my eye was a redhead, slightly plump, but with a great set of tits and a round, firm ass. I spent most of a day watching her work in her wife beater shirt, which hugged her body nicely. At one point, she stopped to stretch her arms out, and lifted them over her head. I could tell from where I was that she didn’t shave her pits, which I loved.

She saw me looking, and grinned. I smiled back, and we laughed. She went back to work, and I went back to watching her work. Seemed like a fair trade to me!

The end of the day came all too soon for me. She packed her tools up and moved out of my line of sight. I sighed, and went back to work. Just as I was getting into it, though, my doorbell rang. I went to the door to find my redheaded goddess standing there.

“Hi. I just wanted to let you know that we’re going to have to shut off the water tomorrow morning to do some pipe work. Hope that’s not a problem.”

I smiled.

“Nope. I’ll survive. What time do you expect to shut it down?”

“We plan on doing it around 9 a.m., and having it back on by 3 or 4 p.m. Maybe sooner, if things go the way we want them to.”

“Okay, I can live with that. Listen, can I offer you a drink? Water, a beer? Anything?”

“You know, I think I’d like that. Thanks. My name is Maegan, by the way.”

“Jeff. Come on in.”

She moved past me to come in, and brushed her tits across my arm in passing. I smiled, wondering if it was intentional or not. Following her into the living room, she stopped and turned to me.

“You know, I don’t want to get your furniture all dirty. I’m all hot and sweaty from being out there all day, but you knew that already, didn’t you? I saw you watching me from your window.”

I gave her a grin.

“Guilty, I’m afraid. I couldn’t help myself. It’s not often you see a good-looking lady like yourself working construction. I hope you’re not offended?”

“If I was, I wouldn’t have come over here to tell you about the water. I’d have sent one of my guys over. You see, it’s my company. My father left it to me when he died, and I’ve always enjoyed being out on the sites, getting dirty. Not very ladylike, but what the hell.”

“Don’t worry about the furniture. It’s easy enough to deal with.”

“Really, I don’t want to do that. Would you mind if I took a fast shower? I won’t take long, I promise.”

“Sure. That’s no problem, but you’ll have to stay for dinner as payment for the shower.”

“Deal!”

Laughing, I showed her to the bathroom, and went to get her a fresh towel. When I came back weith the towel, she was already in her underwear.

“Oh, sorry. Didn’t mean to walk in on you. I’ll leave the towel here for you.”

“Jeff, relax. Working construction, you learn really fast not to be even a little bit shy. The guys I work with have pretty much seen all of me, so don’t worry about it. I don’t mind at all.”

“Still, let me go find you something to put on so you don’t have to wear those sweaty clothes again when you finish. Be right back.”

I went to get her clothes, and set them on the counter with the towel. I could see the shadow of her body on the shower curtain, and I liked what I was seeing. I backed out, not wanting to be caught peeping.

A few minutes later, she came out of the shower with my sweats on, and an old tanktop of mine from my college days. The choice of shirts was intentional, so I could get a glimpse of her tits, and her hairy pits. I think she figured this out, because she gave me another big stretch as she entered the room. My cock twitched in my pants, and I guess the lust showed on my face, because she grinned at me.

“Like the view?”

“Sorry. Was I that obvious?”

“Yeah, but don’t be embarrased. I love the attention.”

We laughed, and settled in to chat before dinner. Over dinner, we swapped life stories, and got to know pretty much everything we wanted to know about each other. We eventually made our way back to the living room, where she sat next to me.

“You know, if you don’t make a move soon, I may start thinking you’re not interested in me at all. I know I want you to…”

Without another word, I moved in for the kiss. Our tongues met, and she pulled me to her. Our bodies met, and the fun started. She pulled my shirt over my head, and ran her hands across my chest. I ran my hands over her boobs, feeling the nipples harden to my touch. Hir tits were soft and plump, ready for my attention. I ripped open the tanktop, freeing them to the air. Breaking the kiss, I buried my face in her tits, sucking and biting her hard nipples. She moaned, and squeezed her tits together, crushing me in her mounds.

I ran my hands lower, and slipped under the waistband of her sweats. She wasn’t wearing anything underneath, and I could feel the heat of her sex as my fingers drew closer. She lifted her hips, and I pulled the sweats down. Her entire pelvic area was covered with red hair, as she apparently never shaved. Her legs were almost as hairy as mine, and I loved every bit of it.

I ran my tongue down her legs, and back up to her inner thighs, loving the feeling of the hair as it tickled me. I pushed her legs up and apart, and buried my face into her cunt. She moaned loudly, and bucked her hips to meet me. I shoved my tongue deep into her, and used my fingers to probe and prod her pussy. She was groaning and moaning, coming close to the edge of eruption. With one last gasp, she exploded all over my face.

Her juices shot out and covered my chin, dripping down my face. There must have been three or four big spurts, and I drank as much as I could down, loving the musky, sweet taste of her. I licked the remainder of her juices from her crotch, making sure to get down into the crack of her ass, and to her tight anal hole. She reached down, and pulled me up to kiss her again, tasting her own juices on my tongue.

She pushed me aside, and riped my pants right off of me, freeing my cock. Without any hesitation, she impaled herself on my shaft, taking my 7 inches all the way in. She rode me hard and fast, like a cowgirl riding a wild horse. She cried out my name, loving the fucking she was getting. All I could do was lay back and enjoy the ride…

She had a sense of how long I could last, and always stopped just before I passed that point. She would lay on me and kiss me, and slowly let me relax, before starting again. I was putty in her hands. She did this a few times, til I couldn’t hold on any longer. She pushed my cock in as deep as it would go, and let me fill her with cum. MY body went limp under her, and she collapsed on top of me. We kissed again, and enjoyed the moment.

Maegan eventually moved off of me, and I could feel our juices covering my crotch. She went down on me, sucking the last of my cum from my limp cock. I pulled her up, and we kissed again. 

Maegan stayed the night, and we fucked again just before she went to work. I was turned on all day, knowing my cum was leaking from her puusy while she worked. That night, she came back to me, and soon after, she moved in. All I knew was, I wasn’t going to let my hairy redheaded beauty get away.