 Her hands were on his chest as she looked down between them. Her blonde pubic hair was dripping. He'd made her so damn wet with is tongue; she came hard twice. Her quivering pussy approached his huge cock as she lowered her hips. Damn, the thing was so thick. She hoped she could take it without it hurting. But to hell with that, she had to have it.

He reached down between them with his massive hand, grabbed the base of his cock, and guided it between her puffy lips as she pushed down on it. She gasped loudly as the thick, purple head penetrated her drenched labia. He watched as she very slowly lowered herself an inch further. She'd never felt anything like his cock before. And she'd fucked a lot of men.

Ever so slowly she pushed down over his cock. Her pussy was stretched wide as it entered. "Oh my god," she said. "You're as big as a fucking horse."

"Yes ma'am. I've heard that before," he said.

She finally got all of his cock inside her and she sat there still for a moment catching her breath. He didn't mind, he was used to it. Besides, he loved the feeling of a woman's wet, warm pussy gripping his large shaft. He didn't mind at all.

Slowly she started riding his cock. She closed her eyes and arched her back trying to get it even deeper inside. He pushed his hips up to match her slow strokes. He could feel her pussy gripping him hard, trying to milk his huge member. He could feel her strong muscles massage his cock, knew he was going to fill her pussy soon. She sat up and started lifting herself with her thighs then lowering herself back on him. He loved the way her juices coated his cock, he loved seeing it glisten as she revealed it then engulfed it again. His large thumb began rolling her engorged clit. Her body shuddered and she moaned loudly.

He reached up and cupped her breasts. They weren't huge, and that was fine with him, but they were full, her nipples rose skyward, long, and hard. He pinched them and she came hard over his cock. Her juices spilled over his large shaft and his balls. He knew he was close now. He began fucking her harder. As she was recovering from her own orgasm she didn't realize he had flipped her over and was over her, pounding her hard, deep. His thick cock was spreading her wider than she'd ever been spread and he could feel her cunt grip him harder. With each massive thrust his balls slapped her ass. The sound of their sex filled the small room. Then he felt his balls convulse and his seed spilled deep inside her. His cock tensed again and he exploded inside her again. Cum seeped out of her; flowed down the crack of her ass. He moaned as her pussy milked the last of his seed from his large member.

He pulled his cock out of her, dripping with his cum and her juices, and lay next to her. She was panting, trying to catch her breath, amazed at how much cum he left in her, how her pussy felt so empty without his cock in it. She looked over at him, "Damn you", she whispered.

"What?" he said with a smile.

"No other man will ever be good enough after you," she said. "How can they beat that?"

"Didn't realize there was a competition here," he smiled again.

"There wasn't, until you came along," she moaned, rubbing his muscular chest.

About three that morning he quietly slipped out of bed and dressed. He picked up his boots and carried them out of the room with him so he wouldn't wake her. In the lobby of the hotel he put on his boots then walked over to the stables. His horse, a larger than normal Appaloosa, was in the third stall. He walked over to her and opened the gate, moving past her with his hand on her side. He'd ridden her for four years now, having bought her from a rancher in Colorado who swore she was the fastest, most enduring horse he'd ever raised. And he was right. She was beautiful too. Her front half was a dark brown with hints of black nestled here and there. Her back half was pure white with dark brown spots scattered about.

He took his spurs off the peg he'd hung them on the previous afternoon and put them on his boots. He then saddled her, placed his ruck sack in back of the saddle then made sure everything was synched up good and tight. He ensured his Henry Repeating rifle was secured in its scabbard and his two .45 caliber Colt Single Action Army revolvers were fully loaded and strapped to his sides. Checking twice to make sure he'd secured everything and not left anything in the stall, he walked around in front of Belle, his horse, and stroked her nose.

"Are you ready for a long ride Belle?" he softly said. "This may be the toughest ride we've made yet. You tell me if I'm riding you too hard, you always do." He mounted Belle then quietly rode out of Cheyanne, Wyoming.

----------------------------------------

Frank Carson was originally from Texas. Born and raised in west Texas, his father was a rancher and his mom stayed busy raising him and his four brothers. He learned early how to break wild horses and how to ride like an Indian. After all, it was Indian Territory. At the ripe young age of sixteen he left home to go to war. The North had invaded the South and young Frank wanted to do all he could to keep Northern influence out of Texas. It wasn't that he hated Northerners, hell, he'd never met one, but he heard what the town folk said about how those Yankees were planning on coming into Texas and destroying their way of life. Being a proud young man, Frank wouldn't stand still and allow this to happen.

Frank learned quickly that the war was not going to be easily won, if they could win it at all. The first battle he participated in was the battle at Shiloh, Tennessee, in April of 1862. It was here that he discovered he could kill a man while looking him straight in the eyes. It was also here that he discovered how hollow a man could feel when someone he loved died. That someone was General Albert Sidney Johnston, a Texan himself, his commanding officer, who was killed on the first day of battle. A Union infantryman's ball passed through his boot into his leg and he bled to death as he continued to direct his men in battle. Frank's last battle was in Virginia at the Battle of the Wilderness, in May of 1864. Here he learned how a man who had no business being at the head of battle could rally an entire army to fight when all common sense said to turn and run. It was in this wilderness that General Robert E. Lee rousted his men when he saw the Texans coming. General Lee was ready to lead the charge but the men refused to advance. Young private Carson yelled above the din, "We won't charge unless you move to the rear, General." Upon hearing this, Lee did as the young private requested and the Rebels charged and drove back the strong Union army facing them in the thicket.

Frank was wounded at the Wilderness and was sent home. He was disappointed because he felt he could still fight, but it wasn't his choice. When he returned home he was told his father had died in an Indian attack the previous summer. His youngest brother, Ted, was running the ranch and his mom was now busy feeding the ranch hands. His two other brothers, Thomas and Jeff, had joined the war a year after he'd left and were both killed in separate battles. 

Frank chose not to run the ranch, he left that to Ted. He just wanted to work hard at the ranch, making it the best in the area. He put all his energy into it, often times working well before sun up and well after sunset. He had no life outside his work, and he was good with that. His wound had healed well and he was strong as an ox. At 6'5", 260 pounds, he was much bigger and stronger than anyone else working the ranch, even his younger brother. There was no fat on him. Every muscle was firm and fit, his hands were huge and calloused from hard work. He'd never been in better shape.

Early one summer Frank was replacing the roof on the bunkhouse. It was old and leaking and needed to be replaced the prior year, but Frank just now found time to do it. He was on the roof, nailing on new boards when Miguel, the ranch's oldest cowboy rode up on his horse.

"Hey me amigo," Miguel yelled. "Come down off that hot roof. Someone down here you haven't seen in long time."

"Be right down Miguel. Just need to nail this last board down," Frank yelled back.

He climbed down the ladder and dropped his hammer then turned around to see who Miguel had with him. His jaw dropped. It was Maria, Miguel's only daughter. When Frank last saw her she was a skinny fourteen year old girl. He was leaving for the war and she was leaving with her mother to go back to Mexico. That was ten years ago. He was now twenty-six and she was now twenty-four. And oh my, what a gorgeous twenty-four she was. She sat in the saddle of a beautiful black horse. Her hair was as black as the horse she was riding and hung loose down to her waist. Her rich brown eyes were large and smiling. Her lovely full lips were curled up in a sweet smile too.

"What's wrong vaquero, seen a ghost?" she laughed.

"Maria, you are so, so," he stuttered.

"Amigo, you seem to have lost your tongue," Miguel teased.

"I'm sorry," Frank said, "but you caught me off guard. My, oh my Maria, you grew up into a beautiful young woman."

"Help me off this horse silly," Maria said.

Frank walked over to Maria's horse and offered her his hand. She smiled and took it and dismounted. Once on the ground she turned to frank and hugged him tightly. He felt her full breasts press to his chest and smelled her freshly washed hair. He couldn't believe this was the same girl he used to tease all the time when she was younger.

"Holy cow Maria, when did you grow up?" he said.

"Last week, you fool. When do you think?" she teased.

"Miguel, why didn't you tell me she was coming? I might have taken a bath or something," he said to the older man.

"She told me not to señor. She wanted to surprise you," he said, chuckling.

"Well, you sure surprised me," he exclaimed. "Why don't you take pretty Maria here up to the big house? I'll be up as soon as I put these tools away."

"Si señor. We'll meet you there," he said. 

He helped Maria back on her horse, although it was obvious she needed no help, and they rode off north towards the house. His head was spinning. He didn't think he'd ever see Maria again. When she left he was certain of it. His heart ached for weeks because he was desperately in love with her. He never told her or anyone else, but he believed she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. And she was just fourteen at the time. Plus she was skinny as a rail. But he didn't care. He saw something in her eyes no one else did, and he loved what he saw. Now here she was, twenty-four, even more beautiful.

He quickly stored all his tools then mounted Belle and rode hard to the house. When he got there Maria was sitting alone on the large veranda, sipping tea. He tied his horse to the post, walked up the steps and stood there, staring at her. 

"What's wrong vaquero, seen a ghost?" she repeated, laughing.

"Damn well better not be a ghost," he said. He walked over to her and she handed him a tall glass of iced tea. "Maria, I . . . ."

She placed her finger on his lips to silence him. "Señor Frank, let me speak before I lose my nerve."

He nodded and just stood there.

"For ten years I have dreamt of you. I have saved myself for you because I have always loved you. For ten long years my heart has ached for you. This is the reason Papa brought be back here. He knows I love you and he wants me to be happy. But if you do not feel the same, as I'm afraid is the truth, then I will return to Mejico and never return." She stood still when she finished, staring into his eyes. He could feel the strength of her passion, but he could see her hands tremble too.

Without speaking a word he wrapped is free hand around her waist and pulled her to him. He pressed his parched lips to hers. She dropped her iced-tea, the glass shattering on the porch, and wrapped her hands around his neck and kissed him hard, ten years' worth of waiting was released in that kiss. Her mouth opened to accept his tongue. She moaned and cried as she realized he did love her, probably always had.

He broke the kiss and stared into her eyes. They were moist, tears brimming in the corners. "Maria, how the hell did you know I love you?" he questioned.

"I did not know, but I knew I loved you enough for both of us," she replied.

Three months later they were married in the family room of the big house. During those three months Frank and Miguel had built a nice house for the new couple hundred yards from the big house and closer to the lake. It wasn't nearly as big as the great house but Maria loved the idea of raising their family in a simpler place without the opulence of the big house.

After the ceremony and the lavish reception, Frank carried his beautiful bride to their new abode. Once inside he placed her down and she immediately pushed him back against the heavy door and kissed him hard, passionately. Her mouth covered his and her tongue pushed hungrily into his mouth. He wrapped his strong arms around her and pulled her body hard against his. He could feel her full breasts pressing hard into his chest. She pushed her pelvis into his, grinding her clothed pussy against his hardening cock inside his pants.

She moved her hips away from his and began pulling at his belt, trying desperately to unbuckle it. He reached down and helped her. Once it was unbuckled she unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down and they slipped to his ankles. She fell to her knees, still dressed in her beautiful, white wedding dress, and caressed his massive cock through his underwear. She was so much smaller than him, he being huge to begin with, that her small hands looked even smaller as they roamed over his cotton-clad cock. She leaned forward and placed her luscious red lips on the fabric, surrounding the head. He moaned and leaned back against the door.

Maria pulled his underwear down so the large head of his cock was exposed. She gasped when she saw it. The bulbous head was purple and she could see pre-cum oozing from it. She looked up into Frank's eyes and smiled as her tongue reached out to it. She closed her eyes and moaned as she tasted him for the first time. His salty seed was heavenly on her tongue. She ripped his underwear down his legs and his cock sprung out, pulsing with anticipation. It was larger than she could have imagined.

Frank took his shirt off as Maria began licking the underside of his cock. He watched as she lifted his massive cock and sucked his balls into her mouth, one at a time. Moaning he reached down and placed his hands on the sides of her head, holding her there. She began pumping his cock with her hand as she licked underneath his swollen sack and up to his huge shaft. The tip of her tongue ran the length of his cock then she used it to tease his glans. Slowly her tongue wrapped around his glans and then across the tip. His please was evident from his loud moaning, his eyes closed, his head back.

She parted her red lips and took the head in her mouth, he lips resting just past the ridge of his glans, her tongue swirling around on the head. He looked down and saw her staring at him, her gorgeous red lips wrapped around his cock, he had never felt this much love for anyone or anything before. He watched as she slowly took more and more of his large member. She'd pause every inch to adjust and then take more inside her mouth. When her lips were at his balls she could feel the tip of his cock pressing on the back of her throat. She had never felt as intoxicated as she did now.

With her lips tight around his shaft she began sucking on it as she pulled her head back, her lips retreating over his cock. She had left a red ring of lipstick at the base of his cock where she had paused. He loved it. She reached around him with her small hands and placed them on his ass then she began pumping up and down his saliva-soaked member. In and out of her mouth he watched his cock slide. He could feel his balls tighten, his abdomen twitch. She sensed it too and released his cock. It sprang up and slapped his belly. She giggled then stood up and got on her toes and kissed him deeply.

"Sit on the edge of the bed lover," she whispered to him. He did as she said and she pulled his boots, socks, and underwear off. Then she turned to face away from him. "Unzip my dress," she requested. He again did as she asked. She stepped away from him and turned towards him. Slowly, she pushed the shoulders of her dress down, exposing the light brown skin. She slowly pulled the dress down below her breasts then over and off her hips. She wore a small lacey white bra that accentuated her full breasts perfectly. She also wore a lacey white garter belt with the straps attached to beautiful, white stockings. She stepped out of the dress and stood there before him, smiling. Her 4" white heels made her already gorgeous legs even more inviting. But, as he noticed, the best part of the way she was dressed is what she wasn't wearing, panties.

Frank couldn't believe how lucky he was. Here was the most beautiful woman he'd ever known, now his wife, standing before him in the sexiest outfit he'd ever seen in his life. The extreme white of her bra, garter, stockings, and heels contrasted highly with her brown Mexican skin. It was all he could do to sit there and stare at her. He wanted her so bad. She could tell by his stare, by the way his huge cock pulsed in his lap, that he wanted her as bad as she wanted him. She slowly sauntered over to him, pushed his legs open and stepped up to him. She tenderly passed her lips across his then whispered in his ear, "Take me and make me your wife."

He wrapped his long arms around her small waist and pulled her to him. He pulled his mouth from hers and began kissing and sucking on her neck. She moaned as his lips moved down her bare chest to the tops of her breasts that were pressed out of the bra. He kissed and tongued them as he brought both hands around and fully engulfed her breasts, caressing them. His thumbs rubbed her nipples as they pressed against the lace. Maria began pushing her hips against his strong cock as she felt his hands on her. She reached behind herself and unclasped her bra. Feeling her bra go slack he pulled it off and threw it to the floor. He leaned back to look at her bare breasts for the first time. He smiled as he saw they were as perfect as he believed them to be. They weren't huge but by no means were they small. Each dark brown areola was at least four inches across and her swollen nipples were almost black and stood off her breast at least an inch.

His mouth enveloped the left nipple, suckling on it, as his thumb and finger rolled the right. Maria started quivering, her nipples so sensitive to his touch. She grabbed the back of his head and held his mouth to her breast. Moving his mouth to the other breast he let his hands slide down her back and cupped her round ass. They felt strong and firm and he couldn't help but squeeze them, separate them in his huge hands.

Frank stood up next to the bed, leaning down and kissing Maria passionately, hungrily. He stood straight up and because he was so much taller than her his thick cock was pressed between her soft breasts. She leaned her chin down and took the head in her mouth and tongued it. He moaned and tried to push more of it inside her mouth. She squeezed her tits around as much of his shaft as she could, lubricating his cock and her tits with her saliva. She began pulling her breasts up and down the shaft, stroking it with them. Frank groaned loudly and held her soft shoulders. He looked down at his bulging cock gliding between her perfect tits. But what he wanted most he'd yet to enjoy.

He pulled his cock away from her and laid her back on the bed, her hips at the edge. He knelt on the floor between her parted legs and slowly kissed and tongued the insides of both thighs. Her skin was on fire, she wanted him in her but he wanted her to enjoy this first. He licked around her virgin pussy, her black pubic hair soaked and dripping. Careful not to touch her swollen lips he tongued the area between her labia and thighs. She was writhing, wanting his tongue inside her. He paused at the bottom of her pussy and tasted her juices. She was sweeter than honey and more intoxicating than shine. With the tip of his tongue he traced up from the bottom of her wet lips to her clit, pressing his tongue to the bottom of her clit. She screamed and moaned. He stiffened his tongue and pushed it past her labia, she smelled and tasted like heaven. He pushed two fingers inside her and she tensed; no one had been inside her before. He felt the pressure of her hymen and felt her tense up so he pulled his fingers back a bit and concentrated on her clit.
