 The first time I met Matthew was really uneventful. He was sitting outside the music building, fiddling with his guitar, trying to work out another Rufus Wainwright song. His bare feet and shaggy hair made me sure that he was yet another liberal hippy that our campus was flooded with, so I walked on by without smiling. I couldn't help but want to turn around and help him with his chord progression...and by chord progression, I really do mean chord progression. At that point at least.

As the first week of classes passed by, it turned out that we were both in the choir. He sang bass, and I was a soprano so we really didn't have much interaction. I couldn't help but pick up on the cute snarls he made when he struggled with Handel, or the looks of utter peace that washed over him when we sang Eric Whitacre even though we were on opposite sides of the room. I also couldn't help but notice when his gaze drifted my way when our director got a little long winded.

When it was announced that we were going off campus for our weekend retreat and that we needed to sign up for what rooms we were in, I forgot to, of course. When the housing assignments were posted, I saw that I was placed in a common area on the floor because they'd run out of beds. It didn't really matter though, because I knew I wouldn't be sleeping much. I was, after all, a hardcore study girl at the time. I knew I'd be up into the wee hours of the morning doing reading, writing and arithmetic.

The day we left for the retreat, I was little late. I'd had class right up until 2, and my professor seemed intent on holding us until 2:15, but I made it in time. The bus was already full though, so I had to ride in one of the cars we were taking to haul equipment. Matthew was driving, and the back seat was full of all sorts of random things. Luckily there was room in the trunk for my bag, and we headed off on the 4 hour drive to the retreat.

On the way there, Matthew and I didn't talk a lot at first. I played with the hem of my skirt that rested at my knees, and I stared out the window. The radio seemed to hum dully whenever I touched it in search of music, but Matthew's fingers always seemed to find the best music no matter where we were. Our conversations were dashed with simple yes or no questions. "Is this station ok?" "Is it too cool in here for you?" "Did the bus merge to the left up there?" I really wanted to get to know more about him, but I was just too shy to ask. Then all of a sudden, he hesitated on a country song playing an old George Jones classic, and I started humming along.

Matthew's face lit up and he quickly turned his head to me. "You know this song?"

"Uhm...Yeah. He Stopped Loving Her Today is pretty standard."

And then it happened. We just clicked and started talking and laughing. He told me all about his experiences growing up, and we shared a lot. We were both raised as Methodists in small towns. We both loved country music and bass fishing. It was like we had been friends since we were kids. We spent the rest of the drive talking and laughing. When we finally pulled in to the huge cabin all of us were staying in for the weekend, I was kind of disappointed we wouldn't be spending time like that together again for a while.

It turns out that Matthew was staying in the men's common area that weekend. When we pulled up however, he had noticed a hammock outside. He then decided he was going to sleep out there that night, and I helped him round up a rope and a sheet to create a tent over the hammock so he wouldn't be attacked by mosquitoes.

After we had all settled in our things, we marched up the hill to the building for our rehearsal. The day was so slow to come to an end, but after dinner, another rehearsal, and some sectional bonding, we had some free time. I was, of course, intent on doing homework. I isolated myself at the kitchen table while everybody else talked with friends or went to bed. Almost an hour into my work, I heard somebody behind me opening cabinets. I turned around and it was Matthew.

"You haven't seen any coffee cups have you?" he asked after stifling a yawn.

"No, but I sure have seen a lot of aniline and pyridine. Wanna talk for a bit to wake up?"

He plopped down beside me in a chair and looked over my shoulder. For some reason I felt like he wasn't paying attention to the book but my b cup chest. He could plainly see in the low cut shirt I was wearing. I turned my eyes to him quickly and caught him looking down my shirt. We both grinned because we knew what he'd been doing.

And in the middle of my quiet laughter, he kissed me. His fingers rested under my chin and tilted my face up to his. Even after his lips met mine, I hadn't quite registered what was happening. I started to kiss him back, but he pulled away. He looked at me harder than he ever had. His eyes were searching my face for any kind of reaction.

"I want you, but not here," he said, his pale blue eyes searching mine for reassurance.

I grabbed his hand and stood up. We crept out the front door past piles of sleeping people and cautiously went downhill to the hammock-tent we had created earlier that day. On the way off the porch and down the steep hill we stole kisses from each other and tried to contain our nervous giggling by falling into one another.

When we made it to the hammock, Matthew grabbed my hips while he was facing me and pulled me against him. Instead of kissing me right away he pressed his forehead against mine. His breathing was hard, and he slid his hands up my body to the back of my head. He laced his fingers in my hair, and kissed me deeply.

I pushed my body against his and started kissing him back. I had never felt so hungry for another human being in my life than I was in that moment. Then he pulled his lips away from mine, and I looked up at him confused, almost sad. I was so afraid he'd decided this was a mistake. Then he got down on his knees in front of me and ran his hands up from my ankles, to the backs of my calves and on up under my skirt to the backs of my thighs.

I caught on rather quickly to what he was going to do, and I was so wet with excitement. He reached up to my hips and slowly pulled my panties down to my ankles. I stepped out of them, and I pulled skirt up higher. He kissed the inside of my knees and slowly brought his mouth closer to my aching pussy. I lifted my right leg and rested my foot on his shoulder. I ran my fingers over the back of his neck and bit my lip as he moved higher on my leg. When his lips reached my shaved pussy, he gently kissed it, and a moan from deep in my throat met the air.

He looked up at me and smiled. He then brought his mouth back to my dripping pussy and ran his tongue along my slit. He slid his thumb along the same path and stopped briefly at my clit. He flicked it with his tongue a few times, and then he began rubbing it with his thumb. He then used his tongue to trace circles around the opening of my drenched pussy.

"Please...I just need you inside me!" I begged him. I pushed his face away from me, and I laid back on the grassy hill with my legs spread wide and my skirt bunched up around my waist. Matthew sat back beside me and watched me reach for my pussy out of frustration, but before I could get any satisfaction, he grabbed my wrist. Before I knew what was going on, he held my hand over my head. His free hand found the bottom of my light shirt and slowly pushed it up to reveal two pink, hard nipples on my soft, pale breasts.

He took both nipples into his mouth, one at a time, and rolled them between his teeth. His hand slowly slid down to my belly button. From there he continued to kiss and suck on my chest, but his finger drew light circles around my belly button and a line even further down. By this point, my moans and begging were starting to get a little noisy, so he let go of my wrist and placed a finger over my lips. 

I surprised him by grabbing his hand and guiding his finger into my mouth. I guided his finger deeper into my mouth just like I would his cock. He stopped kissing me and raised an eye brow with a slightly mischievous smile. He pulled his hands away from me and went to undo his jeans, but it was my turn to grab his wrist. I bit my lip and rubbed his hard cock through his jeans.

We both sat up to our knees, and he hungrily kissed me as I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans to reveal his boxers. In more frenzied manner, I started jerking his jeans and boxers down. I moaned quietly with anticipation when his cock popped out, and he rolled down onto his back to finish kicking them off. I reached over and wrapped my fingers around his cock, giving it a few good strokes. His head fell back and his mouth came open. I didn't want to spoil the fun before it happened, so I ran my index finger up his tummy and rolled back onto my back with my legs spread wide again.

He moved quickly on top of me. He leaned over me and kissed my forehead lightly. I moved my hand between us and found his cock again. I rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit, and rested on my clit a few times. I finally put the head of his cock inside me, and he slowly pushed his hips forward. I could feel his cock pushing deep inside me. I looked right up and him and took a deep breath. I eased my hand away from the base of his cock and slid it up to my rock hard nipples.

He stayed inside me there for a second, and then he started rocking in and out of me slowly. Each time he'd almost slip out of me, and then he'd push his cock back into me, as deep as before. I started pushing my hips up to meet his, grunting with him when he couldn't get any deeper. He reached a hand down to rub my clit, and I let him know I appreciated it by moaning even louder. He leaned over and kissed me again, this time probing my mouth with his tongue. I felt like I couldn't hold any more Matthew inside me at that point. I wrapped my long legs around his hips.

"Fuck me harder, Matthew," I whispered in his ear. 

He listened alright, and he placed his hand on either side of my head. I reached down to continue rubbing my clit. I grabbed his back with my other hand, and bit my lip.

"Oh God, I'm almost there" I said with more urgency. "Don't stop, baby. Keep fucking me with that huge cock of yours."

Saying that was enough to make him fuck me not only harder but faster. That was all I needed to cum. My finger nails dug into his back; my legs squeezed tighter around his waist. My pussy contracted around his cock. I bit down on his shoulder to keep from being too loud. He didn't miss a beat though. He kept pumping his cock in and out of me.

I slowly brought my arm off his back, and I laid my legs down on either side of him again. I sighed heavily and pushed him onto his back. I pressed my lips against his while my hair draped over his face. His hands rested on my ass as I leaned down to kiss him deeper. He started to sit up with me on top of him so I grabbed his wrists and held them over his head.

I raised myself up, and his cock, covered in my cum, slid right out of me. I planted kisses down his neck and chest and his flat stomach. I then got to his monster of a cock. The moonlight allowed me to see a gorgeous cock that must have been 7 inches and pretty thick. I held his cock at the base and ran my tongue up the sensitive under side.

I cupped his balls in my hands and kissed the head of his cock. I parted my lips and slid his cock in. My cum gathered on my lips, and Matthew looked down at me and moaned. I ran my tongue in circles around his cock, effectively pulling my cum back into my mouth. I closed my eyes as I sucked his cock and let it pop out of my mouth. He looked down at me and groaned again, so I could only smile and put his cock back in my mouth.

I slowly pumped my head up and down and used my hand to slide over what wasn't going in my mouth. He haphazardly placed one of his large hands on the back of my head and urged me down further. I obliged taking more of him into me. His huge cock kept pressing against the back of my throat, and my lower lip would press against his balls.

His long fingers tangled themselves in my hair, and he pushed his cock against me harder. My eyes watered, and he moaned that he was going to cum. With one more thrust, his cum came pouring into my throat. I swallowed the cum and milked his cock for more. His fingers ran through my hair and then he petted me on the back of the head. He let out a heavy sigh, and I knew in that moment that we'd have lots more nights together.