 We had been watching a movie, and he was sound asleep with his arms wrapped tightly around me.  I could feel his chest rise and fall against me as he slept, looking like such a sweet and perfect loving boyfriend.  Instinctively, I leaned forward slightly and kissed his lips, which soon formed a slight smile.  He stretched a little bit and opened his eyes to look at me.  

"Hello love," I softly chirped.  He smiled again and kissed me very lovingly.  We rolled over a little bit so that I was now on top of him.

"You look so innocent whenever you're watching a movie... Like you're seeing those things for the very first time, it's so cute," He informed me.

I leaned down and kissed those soft lips which I had fallen in love with so many months ago.  He was my boyfriend of about seven or eight months, and so far we had never done anything really serious.  Mostly fooling around, he would slid his hand up my short skirts in restaurants to finger me, and of course, we made out a lot; but nothing intense had happened yet.  Neither one of us were virgins, but we did want to take it slowly.

His hands went up the back of my shirt, and a lump formed in my throat.  He fumbled around for a bit until he found the clasps that held my bra together, and with one swift motion my breasts were free of their imprisonment.  

"Raise your arms.." He slowly ordered, to which I shyly complied.  

Both my shirt and bra were brought over my head, up my arms, and off of my small body.  I shivered at the sudden cold, but he began to pull and tease one pointed nipple with his fingers, while he took the other in his mouth, licking and sucking.  Shock after shock went through my body, I could hardly believe that we were doing this.  I began to moan and stroke the top of his head, calling him a good boy.  I became aware, suddenly, that the door was wide open.  My heart began to pound even harder, until I realized that my entire family had gone out for dinner, while Aar and I decided to stay home.

My attention was completely undivided as I felt one of his hands eagerly traveling up my leg under my skirt, making it's way to the soaking wet pussy that was hidden underneath.  Aar always made me hot and wet, no matter what he was doing, and so of course I was dripping by the time his fingers worked their way up my long legs and thighs.  I let out a loud moan as he softly ran his finger up my wet slit.  He grinned, "Do you want more?"  

I nodded and urged him on with a hushed, "Yes!"

He pushed my skirt up around my waist and smiled as he noticed I had no panties on, as was tradition with me -- Just another unnecessary article of clothing you can skip putting on in the morning and no one will notice.  He urged me to get onto my back and spread my legs open for him, which I eagerly did.  He bent down, spread open my pussy lips, and blew cold air slowly across the swollen skin.  I bit my lip and moaned in approval, and before I knew it, his tongue was slowly massaging my swollen clit.  My hips bucked as he inserted one, two, and then three fingers deep inside of me.  "Ohhh!"  I stated in surprise as he pumped his fingers in and out of me as fast as he could.  Cum came squirting out of my body in no time, and he happily licked it up.

"You taste so good.." He whispered.  I weakly smiled at him.  

"You don't believe me?  Come here..." His hand guided my face towards his and we kissed a long, seductive, wonderful kiss.  He was absolutely right, I did taste good.  I had never tasted my own cum before that.  My hands shook as I reached to unbuckle his belt and pull his pants down.  His pre-cum had already oozed out of his rather large and thick penis, causing the front of his boxers to be slightly wet.  I tugged down his boxers and slowly began to jerk him off by moving my hand up and down over his cock.  He moaned, "Yeah baby..." as I jerked faster and faster, keeping my mouth open, prepared to catch his streams of cum in my mouth.

His hand went to the back of my head and pushed it towards his cock.  I had no choice other than to suck him, even though I had no experience doing so.  I tried to take my time, savoring the taste of sweat and pre-cum, but his hand forced  my head down several times.  I learned to just suck him hard, moving my head up and down as quickly as I could.  The reward was sweet jizz spilling down my throat, filling up my stomach with his sperm.  

"Ohhhhh my God... I thought you never gave head before..."

Slurping on his flacid member, licking up the remainder of his jizz, I innocently stated, "I never did..."  

His penis twitched at the touch of my hands as I stroked his sensitive head and underside.  I fondled his balls, too, which he seemed to like an aweful lot.  A virgin as far as my pussy and ass were concerned, no, but orally... Well, I was before that.  And I discovered that I really, really liked it.  As I lowered my head to give his now hard cock another bathe of spit, he pulled away from me.  I looked up at him with curiousity, and smiled as he gazed at my still soaking wet pussy.

Positioning myself on my hands and knees in front of him, I looked up and pouted, "Don't you want this?"  I reached back with one finger and scooped up a glob of my juices, letting it run down my finger onto my hand, and put the whole thing in my mouth, slurping it off.  He blushed slightly and positioned himself behind me, pushing the head of his cock against my pussy lips.  

"Are you sure..?" He hesitated.  

I pushed back, forcing his head to pop inside of my wet pussy, and he pushed forward with such force that it nearly took my breath away.  "Oh my God Aaron..."  He began to pump in and out of me, faster than he had finger fucked my aching, wet, tight little pussy.  

Through gritted teath, he stated, "You are the tightest girl I have ever fucked..."

I moaned and pushed back as he slammed back into me, over and over again.  The house filled with my screams and moans, and his grunts of satisfaction.  Suddenly, he whispered in my ear, "I mean... You are the most beautiful girl I have ever made love to..."  With that, our orgasms errupted together, and I lie down on the bed, exhausted, with Aaron's arms wrapped around me...

Fully satisfied.