 Thanks for picking this story to read! This is part 3 of a true story - the first part appears in "Lovely Lynn at the Nudist Resort" and I recommend starting there. In this part, which takes place away from the resort, Lynn gets dressed - and then undressed.

*****

Much as we'd love to, Lynn and I couldn't spend every minute at the nudist resort. We had been lucky enough to spend two wonderful afternoons there, extending into early evening each time, but the daily realities of life consume us all and Lynn and I were no different. Weeks were passing and we would text often, and talk on the phone from time to time, all while wondering when we might meet again. At least, that's what I was thinking about.

The summer was by now fading into fall, so even when a free weekend day came available it was unlikely to be strip-naked-by-the-pool weather. The air had gotten cooler and green leaves were turning red and yellow in the northeast. My chances to spend a day naked outdoors with Lynn were probably past for now, so it was time to start thinking more creatively about spending time together.

I had heard Lynn talk about a microbrewery very near to her house, and that got me thinking. I'd take a chance and drive to the microbrewery to surprise her, timing it to arrive at around the time when she got out of work. 

I knew that this was a risky plan. Lynn lived about 2 hours away from me, so I might easily make the drive and then have to turn around and head right home if things didn't work out as I hoped. What if she had to work late or had plans for that night? What if she was free, but didn't really want to see me without having planned it? I am who I am, and sometimes I get an idea in my head and won't let it go.

I left work and made the long drive to her town, getting to the brewery shortly before the end of her workday. There was a great beer list, and I picked one out and placed my order, sitting at the bar and thinking about when to call her and what to say. I looked up at the sign with the long list of beers under the name of the microbrewery, and I got an idea. I took out my phone and turned and took a selfie, smiling big, with the brewery sign in the background. I checked the picture and it looked okay, so I texted it to her. No words, just my smiling face and the sign in the background. I sipped my beer and waited.

"Where are you?? You are RIDICULOUS!!" came back as a text. I started laughing out loud, happy and nervous at once. I was pretty sure she was glad to hear from me but still not 100% sure. 

"I heard about this microbrewery from a friend," I said by return text. "I really wanted to try it!"

We texted back and forth a bit and I was pretty sure that all was well. She was going to come straight over from work. I was thrilled! I sipped my beer and probably stared at the door for the next 20 minutes. 

Eventually, lovely Lynn walked in. Now, you have to remember, I met Lynn naked and had spent about 12 hours with her over two days and we were both naked for almost the entire time. I had actually never seen her dressed in anything more than a towel or a cover-up and even then only for a few minutes at a time. Lynn is unmistakable, though, and has her own style. She was wearing a short black dress over her slim little body along with several silver bracelets, necklaces, and earrings. Her impeccable makeup and asymmetric hairstyle completed the picture. She was breathtaking. As she walked toward me she caught my eye and flashed a big smile, but stopped to say hellos to a few people on her way over to me. I was sipping my beer, smiling a silly smile and watching her all the way. She really is a strikingly beautiful woman, with a very cool alternative vibe. 

When Lynn got to me she melted into my arms, laughing. She looked up at me, a huge smile beaming on her pretty face, and said, loudly, "I can't believe you drove all the way here! I'm so happy to see you!" She then pressed her face to my chest and squeezed me tightly before tipping her face up for a quick but sexy kiss.

I exhaled a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. My risky plan had worked out! 

She sat down next to me at the bar and we ordered her a beer. We caught up a bit and then she pointed out that some pretty good food was served at this microbrewery, including wonderful pizza. Pizza, beer and the company of my sexy lady-friend sounded like a pretty good start to the evening to me, so we negotiated some toppings and ordered a pizza and asked for it to be sent to us outside in the beer garden. We walked out, beers in one hand and each other in the other hand, and found a bench-style picnic table with nobody else around. 

Lynn sat next to me, sliding close and spinning in her seat, wrapping her legs around my waist and putting her arms around my neck. We kissed again, this time for a much longer time and much more deeply.

We sipped our beers and caught up on our days and the things happening in our lives. Our pizza came and we shared half of it, and boxed up the other half to go. She invited me back to her place which was just a few short blocks away and we headed out after saying goodbye to a few of her friends. As we got outside she turned and kissed me again, this time wrapping her right leg around my left and grabbing my hair as we kissed.

We drove the short distance to her place, and I parked my car next to her cute little VW Beetle. She waited for me by her car, smiling that big smile again, and then took my hand and led me to her door and inside. Music greeted us as we walked in and she explained that she often left the radio on even when away. Her apartment was neat and well decorated, with framed family photos and cool artwork all around. 

She excused herself, saying she wanted to change her clothes. She came back a few minutes later barefoot and in tight shorts and a small tank top. It was very nice to see a little more of her again and I admit it made my heart race.

We got some cold drinks and took them to the love seat in the living room. I pulled Lynn to me and we kissed some more and soon I had pulled her on top of me (or maybe she climbed there). We were kissing and all of a sudden I started laughing.

"What? What is it?" she asked.

"I'm not used to you with clothes on," I said, and we both cracked up, kissing several times through the laughter. I reached under her shirt and around her back to undo her bra, and then moved my hands to take her perfect little breasts into my hands. They were small and soft and of such a nice shape! 

"Mmmm, that's nice," I said, kneading her breasts gently while we kissed and while Lynn made soft, satisfied little sounds, letting me know she wanted me to continue.

I pulled her shirt off and then paused to look at her. I did that comic book villain thing with my eyebrows, wiggling them up and down, and she burst out laughing. She was still laughing as I pushed her down on the couch and starting kissing licking and sucking on her nipples, getting another soft moan from her.

I then stood up and quickly stripped off all my clothes. "Oh, he's naked," said Lynn, as if she were talking to someone else. 

I grabbed her hand and pulled her up off the loveseat and into the bedroom, and then lifted her up (she really is tiny) and heard her squeal as I threw her onto the bed. I then jumped up onto the bed and tore her tiny shorts off her. No panties.

I spent the next 20 wonderful minutes kissing, licking and sucking every inch of her sweet little dancer's body. Every little moan and squirm got me more revved up, and soon we were making love. Not the sneaky, slow, secret love in the hot tub of the nudist resort, hiding from the nearby people. No, this was wild, hard and fast. I pinned Lynn down on her back and pushed my cock deep inside her.

"Yes, baby, fuck me hard," she said in a low, sexy voice. And I did. 

As I pushed all the way in, Lynn said, "oh, you're reaching places where nobody has been in a long while." 

It might seem silly or shallow, but that made me feel good. I don't think of myself as particularly big. I have a good cock, average in size or maybe barely more, but if there's one thing that's true about all men it's that the more turned on we are, the larger and more engorged we become. Lynn had me so turned on that I was at my biggest and thickest, and every inch of me was buried deep inside her - over and over again.

We flipped over to let Lynn ride me cowgirl, and I marveled at her slim and well toned little body dancing and writhing over me. Things were getting a little rougher, and a lot hotter. I pawed her breasts and watched her ride. It was amazing - a sight I will never forget. More than that, it was a feeling I will never forget. Soon I was on the verge of cumming, so I flipped us over again in order to control the pace. Lynn was on her back again and using her legs to pull me in, both of us moaning, and kissing urgently and roughly. I arched my back as I got closer to cumming and Lynn instinctively sucked one of my nipples into her mouth, which is something I really love. I fucked her harder and just as I was about to cum, she opened wide and bit my pec, pinching an inch of my skin between her teeth and biting hard. I must have screamed, with pain mixed with orgasm, while Lynn thrashed on the bed beneath me. Before I was done, Lynn started to cum as well, pretty clearly turned on by the moment, by my climax, and maybe by my pain.

I eventually rolled off and quickly checked to see if my chest was bleeding (it wasn't). We laughed about the bite and marveled about the love making. 

"That was incredible!" I said.

"Unbelievable!" she said. 

"The biting was super hot," I said, "but next time, let's go a little easier." 

She saw the smile on my face and knew I wasn't at all upset and she started laughing, assuring me that she'd be careful. We kissed deeply and passionately, and held each other tightly for another 20 minutes until we fell asleep.

Lynn slept nude, this night and, she told me, every night. This was not surprising given how we'd met at a nudist resort. She was comfortable, and beautiful, in her bare skin. It remains my favorite look on her to this day.

I woke up a few times during the night, and took Lynn into my arms each time, kissing her head gently as she slept. One of the times, my kissing woke her and we were drawn to each other again, kissing deeply. The kisses got hotter and our embrace got tighter and in no time we were at it again. Lynn was an incredible lover, pulling me into her and letting me know how much she wanted me. That made it all the more exciting for me.

With Lynn squirming beneath me, I found my rhythm, moving harder and faster. All of a sudden she reached up and pushed her open hand under my chin, pushing my face away. Nobody had ever done that before and I found myself going from 10 on the arousal scale to 11. She saw the effect this had on me and let a smile flash across her face before returning to a serious look and pushing me away some more with her hand while pulling me in with her legs. I came again not long after.

As I held Lynn afterwards I told her how hot I thought that was. She squeezed me and kissed me again, and told me that I was a fabulous lover and she hadn't felt this way in a very long time. I was feeling vaguely weird about being turned on by a woman pushing me away during sex. I hadn't had much experience with rough sex and wasn't sure that my liking it as much as I did said anything good about me. But the sex was amazing, and so was Lynn, and I knew enough not to overthink it all, at least not while she was still naked in my arms.

We slept well and woke up early in the morning, smiling and holding each other and enjoyed another round of loving, this time gentle and lazy, nobody minding messy hair or morning breath a bit. It was brief but wonderful, and soon after we got up for coffee, still naked as we walked around Lynn's apartment. 

Lynn looked at me and tried to hide a laugh.

"What is it?" I asked.

"I'm sorry," she said, though she didn't sound it at all, and really was on the verge of laughing out loud. She then pointed to my chest and told me to look in the mirror. When I did, I saw that there was a very large black and blue mark on my chest surrounding my right nipple. I started laughing, too.

Over the course of the next 30 minutes or so, I took several pictures of Lynn in her glorious natural state as we puttered around naked and she didn't resist, even posing a bit for me. I think she was flattered by how much I wanted to have some nude pictures of her. This truly was an amazing woman.

We both had places to be, so our morning time together was brief. We showered together and got dressed quickly while sharing a cup of coffee. Lynn called the bagel shop on the corner and ordered me breakfast, so that I could stop on the way out of town and take breakfast on the road. We kissed a few more times and then I was on my way. I had a long drive ahead of me, but I had very nice memories to keep me company, knowing I'd be thinking about Lynn all the way.