 BACKGROUND

Cliff was 35 years old divorced, divorced and living alone in an apartment. The complex was strictly two-story apartment buildings with two-bedroom, two-bath apartments. There was no swimming pool or fitness center as it was not that type of complex. Cliff worked out at the Y which was only to miles away. The Y had an Olympic size pool as well as a plenty of exercise activities and equipment. Each apartment had a large attached one car garage with an entrance to the apartment. There were twelve apartments in each building and Cliff's was on the second floor. The tenants were singles and couples of all age ranges and marital status. 

In the summer months Cliff played golf and went for walks along the miles of trails nearby. On vacations he would SCUBA dive in the Caribbean. During the winter months he was an avid skier and worked out at the Y. He was in good shape for age 35 and planned to stay that way. At 6'0" and 185 pounds he was fit. He kept his brown hair cut short and the ladies loved his hazel eyes. He dated a number of women on and off but none seriously as he was not ready to jump back into marriage.

The neighbors in the apartment below his kept to themselves as did most residents. Stuart and Claire lived together and other than greeting Cliff when they saw each other, there was no interaction. Stuart was in his early thirties and Claire in her late twenties by Cliff estimation. She was attractive but not beautiful by any means. Cliff estimated her at 5'6" and about 135 pounds with a 34-30-36 figure. She was small breasted with a flat belly and a round shapely ass.

Stuart and Claire had an odd taste in music and sometimes played it late at night and into the early morning hours. The base was always loud and it was some sort of rhythmic music. Cliff thought it reminded him of Ravelle's Bolero from the movie 10 starring Bo Derek and Dudley Moore. He recalled that Bo Derek said she liked to fuck when listening to Bolero. He wondered if Stuart and Claire were fucking when their music was playing. 

Not one to complain, Cliff used ear plugs when the music got to loud when he was trying to sleep. One time the music played all night until nearly 5:00 AM, Cliff learned from another neighbor. The neighbor was going to report it to the landlord but Cliff advised him to talk to Stuart first. Then if it didn't stop to report it. It was five months later that Cliff heard the domestic disturbance.

THE DISTURBANCE

Cliff had been out clubbing on a Friday evening and he met a few young women but had not brought anyone home. Sometimes he had a loved for the night and other times none. He made a drink and relaxed watching TV before turning in for the night. It was a mid-November and some of the ski areas announced and opening around Thanksgiving. He was looking forward to getting back on the slopes. It was 2:00 AM when he was awakened by loud voices. Listening for a few minutes, he knew it was coming from below and that Stuart and Claire were having a serious argument.

They got really loud and the "F" bombs were flying between them. Cliff had no idea what caused the confrontation but it was intense. He hoped that it would not turn into an abusive situation because then he would call 911 and report it. However, it didn't seem that Stuart threatened Claire physically and they just continued to scream at each other. Then Stuart told her to get out. 

"Get the fuck out of my apartment."

"No, this is my apartment too."

"It is not, I pay the rent and the lease is in my name. You're just a fucking freeloader."

"I'm not leaving. I have no fucking place to go."

"Sleep in your fucking car for all I care. Get the fuck out now."

"Get your fucking hands off me. Stop pushing me you bastard."

Cliff then heard the door slam and then Claire outside yelling. He got up slipped on a pair of workout shorts and went downstairs. He opened the door and saw Claire standing on the sidewalk and she was still yelling. 

"Claire, cool it. The neighbors will call the police if you keep yelling."

"Fuck them, that bastard threw me out and I have no place to go."

"Don't you know someone who will let you stay with them?"

"Maybe, but not at fucking 3:00 AM in the morning."

"Do you want to crash here? You can sleep on the couch."

Claire stared at Cliff and she suddenly noticed he was just wearing workout shorts. He was handsome and fit. She had never thought of him in any way but being a good neighbor. 

"Are you sure?"

"Definitely, you can stay here tonight and get things sorted out tomorrow."

"What about my car? If Stuart sees it tomorrow, he will know I'm still here."

"I'll park in the lot, you can pull in my garage."

Cliff got his car keys and moved his car to one of the parking spaces. Claire put her car in the garage. She was right that if Stuart saw her car at the complex in the morning that he would know she had spent the night. Cliff, a black-belt, wasn't afraid of Stuart but he didn't want a confrontation either. Once in the apartment, Cliff got Claire a glass of wine and let her relax and calm down some. 

"If you want more privacy, you can have my bedroom and I sleep on the sofa."

"No, you too kind but I'm not kicking you out of your own bed."

Cliff got the extra pillows and a large warm comforter. He had a large sectional sofa and two people could sleep on it, it was very comfortable and he had had friends crash on it before. Knowing that Claire didn't have anything to sleep in, he got a pair of light weight sweats for her.

"These are a little big but should be okay for you to sleep in, just pull the drawstring tighter. There are clean towels in the second bath and I'll keep my bedroom door closed so that you have privacy. I suggest you put your cell phone on mute in case Stuart starts calling you. It wouldn't be good in case he could hear it ringing"

"Thank you so much Cliff. This is very sweet of you."

"No problem, get a good night's sleep and you can deal with the other stuff over the weekend."

Claire smiled and nodded and Cliff then went back to his bedroom and closed the door. He was awake for a few minutes and he thought about Claire's dilemma. It was nearly 4:00 AM when he finally dozed off and fell into a deep sleep.

UNEXPECTED EVENTS

Cliff thought he was dreaming when he felt the bed move but realized that he wasn't when a body moved against his. He knew that Claire had gotten in bed with him. He had his back to her lying on his side and he felt her snuggle up to him.

"I hope you don't mind. I didn't want to be alone in the other room."

"Do you want me to sleep on the sofa?"

"No, I want you to hold me, okay?"

Cliff rolled toward her and then she rolled to her side and pulled his arm around her body. They cuddled as a couple would and he felt her round ass pressed against his pubes. They lay together for several minutes without speaking and it was clear that they were not go back to sleep very soon. The presence of her bottom against his package caused him to get an erection. He knew she could feel it and then he froze when he felt her hand grasp it.

Claire had slid her hand between them, reached up the leg of his sleep shorts and took a hold of his boner. He let her stroke it and play with it but he resisted touching her at first. Cliff sensed that she was shedding the sweat pants and then he felt her naked ass flesh against his stiff dick. Claire then guided his cock into her pussy and that's when he sprang into action. 

He moved his hand to her small breasts under the sweat shirt and fondled them as he fucked her slowly. The nipples got stiff and he was amazed at their length. With his other hand he diddled her clit and she was soon responding. Her hips were flailing as he drilled her pussy and rubbed her clit. Claire used her arm to muffle her cries when she climaxed and seconds later Cliff shot a huge load into her pussy.

The two of them stayed in the spoon position with his cock still in her womb. His arm was draped over her body as they cuddled together. Slowly his cock softened and then slipped from her pussy. They didn't speak but Cliff thought to himself, "What now genius?" They did fall asleep and it was nearly 10:00 AM when the woke up.

SATURDAY LOGISTICS

Cliff had a raging piss-hard-on and he started to get up to go to the bathroom. Claire sensed his movement and she quickly reacted to it. Within seconds she had shed the sweats and pulled his sleep shorts down his legs. His 7+" erection slapped against his abdomen and then Claire grabbed it.

"I have to pee, Claire."

"Oh, I know all about these morning erections. You can pee after I get off."

She mounted him and lowered her pussy onto his shaft. She rode him until she orgamsed which didn't take long but then he turned the tables on her. He had fucked a number of women with his morning piss-hard-on and he was going to give it to Claire that day too. He would always fuck them until they couldn't cum anymore and begged him to stop. That was what he now planned for Claire. He rolled her to her back and began humping her. She had her arms and legs wrapped around him and she was vocal encouraging him to fuck her. He did just that and it was nearly an hour before Claire begged him to stop. 

"Cliff, stop please, I can't cum anymore, please."

He stopped moving and he was pleased that he had fucked her into oblivion. He made his way to the bathroom with his erection pointing and seemingly leading the way. He had to let his cock soften a bit before he could finally urinate and relieved the pressure in his bladder. He peed for nearly two minutes and then used his cock and hands. Returning to the bedroom he saw that Claire was lying face down. He studied her naked body. Her thighs were a little heavier than he normally liked on a woman and her ass was bigger too. Still she had a nice ass as it was round and firm.

He got back in bed with her and she smiled at him when he lay next to her. She could not take him in her pussy again that morning and she didn't do anal. She felt obligated to get him off so she made her descent toward his cock. She liked his dick. It was bigger than Stuart's but not too big. She took it in her hand and then licked the soft spongy mushroom head. Using the tip of her tongue she probed the pee slit. Cliff was pleased with her oral skills. She lifted her head and spoke as she stroked his cock.

You have a beautiful cock, I love it."

Cliff watched her lower her head and engulf his cock in her warm sensuous mouth. He gasped as she closed her lips around it and then began to bob up and down. She continued to suck his cock and she swirled her tongue around and nibbled the head driving him crazy. Claire sensed that he was close to blowing his load and she cupped his tight balls and massaged them as she tightened her mouth around his cock. That did it and Cliff could feel his cum travel from his balls through his scrotum as he started to cum.

"Oh shit, here it is. I'm cumming."

Claire removed her mouth and stroked his cock as his seed flew out. Streams shot into the air and landed on his chest and pubes. She kept stroking him and his seed just oozed out and coated her hand. She took his cock back in her mouth, sucked and nibbled and teased him to no end. Finally, he begged her to stop to rest and recover. She licked her hand clean of his cum and then turned his face toward hers. She kissed him deeply plunging her tongue into his mouth allowing him to sample the after taste of cum. 

He had had women do that before and he was not repulsed by the taste of his own sperm. Cliff reached for her and took her in his arms. He fondled her tits, thighs and ass as they kissed. He could feel himself getting erect again as they cuddled, petted and kissed in bed. He decided to wait until after breakfast for more sex. He broke the kiss and spoke.

"Come on, let's shower dress and I'll make breakfast. Actually, it will be brunch. Do you like Bloody Marys?" 

"I love them."

"Good, I make a great Bloody Mary. How do pancakes and sausage sound?"

"Fantastic!"

They got up and showered separately. They both donned sweats when they dressed and then Cliff made the Bloody Marys as Claire got the pancake mix ready. They noticed it was raining out so it was a god day to stay inside and help Claire sort things out. Cliff whipped up breakfast and they sat at the kitchen table with coffee, Bloody Marys, pancakes and sausage. Following breakfast and cleanup, they sat in the family room on the sofa. Cliff was going to watch football but Claire was in the mood to talk.

"I hope you don't think badly of me. I don't sleep around but I just didn't want to be alone and I felt close to you."

"It's alright, I did enjoy making love with you. I do understand."

"I was pleased that you found me attractive enough to do that."

"You're an attractive woman and certainly sexy enough. What happened anyway between you and Stuart? If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine."

"No, I'll tell you. We were at a party and all of a sudden, he wasn't around. I went looking for him and found him with another woman. She was sucking his cock."

"Wow, no wonder you were pissed off."

"That was just the start of it as at first I didn't say anything. Then she stopped sucking his dick and told him that she wished he could fuck her ass that night. She said she loved it when he fucked her in the ass."

"Oh boy!"

"Yeah, that was the tip off that he was fucking her on the side. Then he told her that he would see her this week and he would take her ass. That did it and I took off on him causing a scene at the party."

"It got very loud here and I was worried it may get violent. I was ready to call 911."

"We argued all the way home in the car and then it continued in the apartment. I have never been so angry with him."

"I gathered that, the "F" bombs were certainly flying."

"Sorry about my language. We were both using them and screaming at each other. I really didn't expect him to throw me out at that time. I figured, I would find a place and leave."

"Do you have much stuff at the apartment?"

"No, just jewelry, clothes and personal items. The furniture is his."

"Do you have a place to go for a while until you get your own place?"

"I'll check with a few friends. Worst case, I will move back home temporarily but I don't favor that. Can I sit by you?"

"Of course."

Claire moved over and cuddled up with Cliff. He put his arm around her and then he turned on the TV. He watched football while she relaxed against his body. Claire started to doze off and she slid down on the sofa and kept her head on his lap. He had his arm around her and she dozed off and slept for nearly an hour. He watched the college football game with the sound very low.

When Claire began to stir again and slowly wake up, she got a little bold with Cliff. She ran her hand over his crotch and felt for his cock through the sweat pants. He in turn slipped his hand under the sweat shirt and played with her bare titties. They worked each other into a state of desire.

"Can we go back to your bed?"

Cliff smiled and she sat up. He took her hand and led her back to the bedroom. In the bedroom it was right down to business and Claire undressed and sat on the side of the bed. Cliff stripped off his sweats and walked toward her with his big hard dick on display. He looked down at her and lifted her face with his hand. She smiled at him and she marveled at his masculinity. Claire took his thick cock in her hand and ran her tongue over the head of it. She wrapped her mouth around it and slowly moved her head up and down taking him as deep as she could without gagging herself. 

She was indeed an excellent cock sucker and she soon had him ready to cum again. Claire bobbed her head up and down on his cock pursing her lips together until she felt him shiver. She would remove her mouth briefly to prolong his orgasm. She would lick the underside of his cock and his balls driving him wild. Claire sucked his balls into her mouth and tickled his perineum with her fingers. She let her hands run over his hard abs and loins which caused him to tremble as a tingling sensation ran through his body.

Cliff couldn't take anymore and he grabbed her head and pulled it back onto his cock. She knew this time he would cum in her mouth this time and she was prepared to receive his discharge. He held her as he came in her mouth. A few jets of cum bounced off the back of her throat and she swallowed it easily. Having cum earlier, there was not as much this time. She sucked him dry. Cliff stayed hard as he pulled his cock from her mouth. He pushed her back on the bed and slid between her legs. Cliff eased his cock back into her pussy and fucked her through multiple orgasms until she pleaded with him to stop and give her pussy a rest. Claire rolled over on her stomach almost as if she was protecting her pussy from any more pounding. He didn't cum again but he did remain hard.

"Stay there, I'll get some lotion and give you a massage."

As Claire lay on her stomach Cliff went to get some lotion from his bathroom. When he returned he sat on the back of her legs and she could feel his thick meat resting on her buttocks. He began a slow soothing massage starting at her shoulders and worked his way down her back. His strong hands mesmerized her and she totally relaxed under his manipulations. He massaged her legs working her calves first and gradually ascending to the back of her legs. She tensed as he started to massage her ass cheeks as she was nervous about where he might try to take it next.

Cliff put a generous amount of lotion on her ass and lovingly kneaded her cheeks. He complimented her on her great looking ass. He slipped his hand between the ass cheeks and brushed her vagina. He lifted her by the hips so that her ass was elevated. He poured more lotion between the twin cheeks and began to probe her anus with his finger. Soon he had his index finger sawing easily in and out of Claire's anus. He added his middle and ring finger to her pussy. Claire lay there with her head on the bed turned to the side and cooed as Cliff simultaneously moved his fingers in and out of her rectum and vagina. He pushed down on the small of Claire's back causing her to accentuate her ass even more. Cliff removed his fingers from her ass and lined up the head of his cock with her pink rosebud. Clair panicked and bolted up almost hitting him in the face with the back of her head. 

"Don't, I don't do that."

"Sorry, it's just that your ass looked so desirable. I won't try that again"

"Well at least you didn't try to ram it in there. That would hurt."

"No doubt and I don't want to hurt you. I'm going back to the family room ad watch the end of the game. Why don't you get some rest and we'll call out for pizza later?"

"Okay, thanks!

Cliff put his seats back on and returned to the family room. He closed the bedroom door so that Claire would have some privacy. He poured a drink for himself and watched the game. Claire ended up sleeping for a couple of hours and she really appreciated the rest. When she rejoined Cliff in the family room. He got her a glass of wine and then called out for pizza. The rest of the evening was leisurely and they watched a movie with her cuddling up to him. They both knew that they would part ways after the weekend but for now they were comfortable with each other. That night they slept together in bed again but they were both tired an d had had enough sex for one day.

MAKING FUTURE PLANS

Sunday morning was a bit of a repeat from Saturday as Claire enjoyed being fucked with a morning piss-hard-on. Cliff then enjoyed another one of her fantastic blow jobs. Then it was shower, dress and breakfast for them. They showed the Sunday paper and finished the pot of coffee. Cliff then made Bloody Marys and they discussed next steps.
