 "So the area is three-fifths, then?"

That's what Emily said, but I didn't hear her say it.

"Is that right?"

I looked away from the black bra strap on her shoulder and nodded. "Perfect. I think you've got it."

Emily smiled, a lock of black hair falling over her right eye, and circled her answer. "Yeah," she said, "I think everything's becoming much clearer." And then, maybe, just maybe, she winked at me.

She looked back down at her calculus book and began copying the next problem into her notebook in her tight, precise handwriting. With her eyes looking down, I was free to steal another glance at her bare shoulder, the oversized green sweater slipping off to the left, and the satin black bra strap that led down toward the slight hint of cleavage between her breasts, like a path into a dark forest.

I glanced at her notebook and saw the first couple steps she had written down. "Good, you're on the right track," I said, and she nodded and paused, placing one end of her pencil between her lips. I didn't say anything, and a moment later she put the pencil back to the paper and kept working.

This was Emily's first year of college, and she found one of the flyers I posted on bulletin boards around campus. She called me about four months ago and we had been working together since then -- her math was improving steadily, and with a couple of months left in the semester, she had a definite chance to get an A in calculus.

As someone who tutors a fair number of college students, it's frequently difficult to not get attracted to the females, and Emily was no exception. In fact, there was no way I couldn't be attracted to Emily, and, after our first few appointments, I had given up trying and just started stealing glances whenever she was looking elsewhere.

Emily wasn't what you would call gorgeous in the traditional sense -- undeniably, the best word to describe her was sexy. She had this perfectly tight body -- narrow legs, hips that curved gently wider, perfectly-natural breasts that seemed to have that subtle rise that only natural tits have, stunning red lips, creamy skin, and black hair that dropped to midway down her back. It was the black hair that is perfectly straight and somehow always grabs the light in just the right way. It was the black hair that only Asian girls seem to be lucky enough to have, and she had it in spades.

I looked at the last step in her notebook, and Emily circled her answer before I could even tell her it was correct. "Good. And confident," I told her, "and we're out of time."

Emily smiled at me again and brushed the lock of hair out of her eyes with her small hands, revealing her deep blue eyes. "Thanks, Curt. This really makes a lot more sense now."

"No problem," I said, standing up and holding my pad of scratch paper in front of my crotch to hide the beginning of an erection. "I'm glad."

Emily stood up. "I'll get my mom to pay you," she said, and she walked out of the room, my eyes following closely. She was wearing incredibly tight jeans, the kind of jeans that leave you wondering how girls even fit into them. The jeans seemed to lift her ass up, molding it into these two perfect globes, and I thought I saw, riding along her right hip, a sliver of her black panties, a little g-string strap. Maybe. And as she rounded the corner, a little red embroidered rose peeked out from the top of the g-string, right above her gorgeous ass.

A moment later, there was Emily's mom. Looking at Emily's mom, you could tell where Emily got it from. Her mom was taller, her hair cut shorter and her breasts fuller, but she had the same amazing skin, the same sexy hips, and the same fashion sense as her daughter. She came into the room in a miniskirt and a spaghetti-strap top that showed that same gentle rise of her tits, just enough that it got your imagination working without giving anything away. Her mom seemed to always be wearing high-heels and today was no exception, her feet hugged by red leather shoes that came to a point at the tip and had inch-and-a-half heels. I smiled.

"Curt, thanks so much. Emily says it makes sense now." I nodded. "So we'll see you next week," she said, "same time, same place," and she pressed a few folded twenties into my hand.

"Sure thing, Miss May," I said, "and thanks."

"No problem," she said. "And call me Tanya."

And then, maybe, just maybe, she winked at me. Like mother, like daughter.

 * * * * * * * * * *