 It was after lunch and when she returned to her desk there was one more. She read it and had mixed feelings.

It was the sixth note she'd gotten, all in the same way and all on a small sheet of yellow notepad. Who were they from? She'd thought the question each time with each note. Why didn't he reveal himself if he was so interested? Did she really affect him this way? Should she be afraid?

He didn't seem to be a bad person and yet she wasn't even certain it was from a guy although she hoped it was. She put the note with the others and tried to resume work even as her mind kept drifting back to the notes.

She knew nothing about the writer except that he was literate, apparently found her more than attractive and filled his notes with sexual innuendo. She glanced around the room hoping to perhaps catch a glimpse of someone studying her but found nobody. Everyone seemed to be working, on the phone or joined in small klatches discussing one thing or another.

She forced a return to work but the notes seemed able to beckon to her. Even in her fright she was aroused enough that finally she visited the ladies room, locked herself in a stall and then satisfied her hunger for the moment.

She made it through the afternoon and was slow getting ready to head home. She should have hurried to her car and made certain nobody followed her before heading home and locking the door. Instead, as she'd finally gathered everything together and started to leave the office she had a thought and returned to her desk retrieved the stack of notes and headed toward the boss's door.

She knew he'd be there because he always worked late and closed up the office when he left. He was a nice guy, usually quiet and dedicated yet also a bit shy but she liked him. He was close to her age but perhaps a couple of years older. 

He was there with a pen in his hand and a stack of papers under his hand. She knocked softly and when he looked he stood and beckoned her in to sit down. His sleeves were rolled up and he took off his glasses as he asked if he could help with something. 

She suddenly felt foolish bothering him with this but she didn't know who else to turn to for help.

She took the last note off the stack and held it out to him.

He took it and she motioned him to read it. When he'd finished he commented that she was lucky to have someone so interested in her and then asked who it was from.

She explained that this was her problem because she didn't know who had written it but it was the last of several that had ended up on her desk. She told him the notes came at random times and she didn't know if she should be afraid or report it to someone.

He asked if he could read the rest of the notes and she handed them to him. He took several minutes reading through each one and when he'd finished them he rubbed his eyes and then looked at her again.

He spoke softly and then said he couldn't see any threat in them and that whoever wrote them appeared to be fascinated in her and then he blushed as he added that the person appeared to enjoy her charms.

She blushed with him and then asked what the person could possibly see in her because she was fat and not very pretty and never flirted with anyone.

His smile returned as he spoke and told her she was far too hard on herself. He told her she was very pretty and not what he'd call fat. He explained that many men and probably a few women liked girls with a few more pounds to enjoy. Then he paused but before she could answer he asked if she'd ever wanted to flirt.

She was still red as she answered that big girls aren't the flirting type.

Again he smiled and said that perhaps she should try once in a while but then he asked how she thought he could help.

It took her a couple of minutes to gather her thoughts and then she said she needed someone to tell her what to do.

He asked what she wanted to do. Did she want to meet the guy? Did the notes create any interest within her? What if he turned out to be a very nice guy that was just too shy? Would she be interested if he was far older than she? How would she feel if he was married?

She was still thinking when he paused and resumed. What if we play a game and see what we can find out?

She didn't know what he meant but shook her head to say okay.

He said that he could pretend it was him and would describe himself in different ways to try and discern her interest and how eager she might be to get involved.

She asked how it would help and he replied that perhaps she might find out she was interested and if so she might not need outside assistance.

She decided to play along with him then gave permission and he began assuming rolls until finally he told her to pretend that it was him sending the notes.

She smiled and said that he was married and wouldn't do that.

He told her that he didn't want to lose her as an employee or even possibly a friend but perhaps he should tell her something.

Now she was concerned and asked what he meant.

He reached into his top drawer and extracted another yellow slip from a notepad and held it out to her.

She was confused but took it and read it.

In that note he stated that it would be his last note to her and that he was the one leaving them on her desk. He added that he and his wife had separated more than six months earlier because she'd heard from her first lover from when she'd still been in High School. His wife had left him and moved in with her lover. 

He dug another note from his desk and handed it to her. It was his wife's last note to him and was everything he'd said it was.

He continued that last month he'd received notice that his wife filed for divorce.

But now he looked over his desk at her then added that he'd noticed her at her desk long ago and always wondered what a relationship with her would be like and that's when he began leaving the notes.

He added in the note that he'd been too shy and unsure of the propriety of asking her on a date but that he'd wanted to do it. He finished up by apologizing and admitting that he really was attracted to her and nobody else.

She finished reading and looked up too surprised to speak.

He then apologized again verbally and told her he'd understand if she turned him down or even quit. He told her he didn't even know if she had a boyfriend or how out of place he was. 

Next, still surprised she found the words to ask him if he really did like her and he shook his head yes. She mentioned how fat she was and he told her that in his eyes she wasn't fat at all and he'd never seen her that way.

She asked about his wife again and he told her that after his wife left he'd used one of the Internet sites to investigate her lover and found the guy had spent time in prison and various jails. The guy had also taken and sold drugs. 

He added that he thought perhaps his wife and the guy, the two of them, deserved each other even though he didn't wish his wife or anyone bad luck.

He looked at her now and told her that the several calls he'd received, and that she'd been kind enough to transfer to him, were from a detective agency he'd hired to verify what he already had found out but also to investigate further.

The detectives had informed him that the wife's lover had lived temporarily with twelve different women in the last five years and stole the entire savings of seven of the women.

It was then that he'd called his lawyer and after a short discussion the attorney agreed to handle his involvement in the divorce but that he didn't have to worry because she'd left him and was living with her lover. He'd told the attorney that he wanted to give his wife a lump sum settlement not because he had to but because he knew she'd be left by her lover as soon as he knew that she didn't have a penny. His wife would want to apologize then and come back but he was not going to allow it.

The lawyer notified the bank and credit agencies that his wide was no longer on his list of approvals for cashing or charging anything to him.

He looked across his desk at her and then finished by saying he'd always thought she was all he wanted or needed in life if things could be worked out between them.

She looked at him for a long time and then asked what he'd think of her if he knew the sexual thoughts that constantly occupied her mind.

He smiled and then told her about two weeks earlier she'd been talking on the telephone with a friend and talking louder than she knew and he'd overheard her.

She was embarrassed and asked him what he'd heard. He repeated relevant parts of her conversation about wanting a guy that wanted her as much as she wanted the guy. She'd want to pleasure the guy in every way and if he would return it all and be as interested in foreplay as she was then she'd give him the most perfect blowjob he'd ever had. She'd suck his brains out through his cock but she wanted the guy able to return the oral on her with the same need and intensity. She'd added that the guy had to love her even with a body as fat as she was and want to take her at least every day and that he had to have a huge beautiful male member the kind she'd always wanted but never seen. There was more but she'd ended the conversation saying she hoped that information would help her girlfriend evaluate how the friend felt about a guy her friend had been dating.

He waited now and she was beet red and uncomfortable in the chair but somehow she managed to repeat the question by asking if he really thought she was beautiful.

He answered telling her he really did think her beautiful and sexy and then added that after hearing her on the phone he'd begun wondering and his interest was exploding and he'd wanting to see her naked.

She asked another quiet question "you want to see me naked?"

He apologized for being so blunt but that yes he did still yearn to see her naked.

She seemed eager now to leave and even run away. She was embarrassed and stood, looked strangely at him then turned. She walked quickly toward the door and he felt worse than he had in a very long time. He was certain now that he'd lost her.

Suddenly she stopped and then reached for his door, closed and locked it. She began undressing and in moments she was wearing only her stockings, heels, panties and bra as she turned to him.

"Well?" she asked and his mouth was open.

"You're even more beautiful than I'd imagined." he answered.

She felt a bit braver as she answered slowly "It's your turn now. I want to see what you look like down there first."

He was embarrassed now but after a moment's reflection he stood and kept his eyes on her as they swept her body and he slowly opened his slacks and let them fall around his shoes.

He wore nothing under the slacks and her gaze was drawn to the size and state of his erection. He too was far more than she'd expected and she wet her lips before walking swiftly around his desk and stopping close in front of him.

"You're the last person I'd have suspected of wanting me but I can see the interest is real and the comment to my girlfriend was real. I felt that way when you heard it and I feel more that way now." she said.

She started to kneel but before she could he picked her up and placed her sitting on his desk then took his place in the chair and scooted it forward. His face nuzzled her legs wide and then he moved into position and began to demonstrate that he would provide what she'd said she desperately needed. Almost immediately she climaxed then leaned forward over him and put her arms around his head pulling him closer. "Is it okay?" she whispered.

He paused only long enough to give her the one word answer before returning to focus completely on her and the delightful task he'd set himself. She was even sweeter tasting in a sexual manner than he'd imagined after his hours of want. His tongue swept and teased before he closed his lips around her nubbin and narrowed the range his tongue worked within.

An evening of euphoria had just opened a window before them.