 The night was hot and the air rather oppressive... she was as restless as a cat on the prowl and her body felt as if it were on fire. She needed to get some air walk on the beach, cool her thoughts as well as her body... Picking up her beach towel and putting her dainty sandals on her feet she perused her body in the mirror and thought that she looked flushed and her large blue eyes troubled. 

She had her skimpy hot pink bikini on under the her sheer cover up and as the night was dark, didn't think anyone would see her on the beach at this late hour... Her blonde hair was in a ponytail and she tossed it in a saucy fashion and gave her reflection a smile as she shut the door quietly behind her. Once on the beach she removed her cover up and enjoyed the salty breeze on her skin... 

The beach was empty... the waves hitting the water's edge had a delicate blend of music to the ears. The wind was picking up slightly and it acted as a balm to her over heated body... The palm trees were beautiful at night with their parochial tops swaying gently in the breeze... She stood there with her face lifted to the sky... possibly a storm was brewing or perhaps some rain on this beautiful dark starless night... 

The man walking towards her stopped to stare at the beauty wearing the mere scraps covering her voluptuous body... Her breasts were large and full, overflowing the confines of her bikini top... her waist was tucked in and her hips flared gently... he could tell her ass was firm and beautifully shaped as was her legs... toned and muscled... Her body reminded him of a dancer's and her figure was almost hourglass in appearance... He felt a smile appear as he stared at her... 

He walked closer to her the tall tanned stranger, not wanting to startle her... he was enjoying some down time a little solitude to clear his head from the hustle and bustle of the day. He was about 3 feet from her when she noticed him... her eyes had been closed and she sensed a presence close by... She stared up into his face... there was no moon but she could see him clearly as he stared at her intently.

She was made of the earth and sky and didn't appear to be a mere mortal... He had to reach out and touch her to make sure she was real and not a figment of his overactive imagination... His hand reached out to gently touch her face as he walked closer... she didn't shy away from him... Fingertips traced her smooth face and delicate skin... She sighed as fingers continued to move over her nose, eyes and lips... She opened her mouth and allowed his finger to come inside as she sucked on it... He gasped at her erotic gesture and hardened... 

He could sense her smile and his body tensed and is cock became so damn hard... His fingertips grew bolder as they traced their way down over her beautiful body... softly touching her breasts... her hardened nipples made him want to suck on them through the material of her bikini... His hand moved to the tie that held it in place and it fell in a delicate heap onto the sand... Her breasts sprung free and his fingers moved over the hardened delicious buds... Her mouth was slightly open and she moaned in delight as he touched her breasts and tweaked her hard, hard nipples... 

His hands moved down over her contoured body... the shape of her something wild... his fingers trembled as he undid the strings that held her thong in place... they slid with infinite slowness down over her legs to join the matching top... She stood there naked and proud with the ocean's waves gently hitting the sand near their feet... His hands shook as he moved them with gentle tenderness over her body... she edged closer to lift her face to his... wanting him to kiss her... 

She needn't ask twice... his mouth claimed hers... she tasted delicious and her feminine fragrance blended with the exotic flowers that permeated the night air... Her hands moved over his body, feeling his muscles and the contours of his masculinity... She tugged on his shorts, impatient for them to be off his body... He complied readily as he undid them and they came off of his long legged body quickly. His thick cock thrust upwards and her hand closed over him... hungrily almost greedily... He groaned as he felt her soft hand moving upon his hardness... The kiss intensified became electric as the rain started to fall upon their overheated bodies. She moaned into his throat as his fingers moved down over her soft velvety pussy... 

The rain was almost warm and they felt the seduction of the night move over them as their bodies pressed against one another's with intense raw need... He had to have her... his cock was almost dripping precum as she stroked him... He wanted to throw her beautiful body onto the sand and take her... make her scream out in ecstasy over and over again... He moved his fingers over her plump moist pearl... she cried out into his mouth... and he could tell she was more than ready for him... 

He whispered into her ear that he wanted her to stand perfectly still... sliding down her body he felt the need in her... the pulsating life force that she was... a sensual beauty... that demanded love and erotic loving... He moved to the sand on his knees... covering her body with kisses and tasting her with his tongue... She opened her legs as he moved two fingers inside of her... she was almost there and his fingers were almost dripping from her honey... She was panting in her need for him... this sexy little kitten that was almost purring... He removed his fingers and proceeded to move his tongue over her moist clit... her womanly scent driving him crazy... He teased with his tongue and she cried out and moved her hands over his head almost as if she were guiding him to perform his most erotically charged oral act upon her.

His tongue moved in swirls and then he took that beautiful lustrous pearl in his mouth and sucked it... she almost buckled as she was about to climax... he moved his hands over her beautiful round ass... stroking and squeezing her cheeks... he stopped as she was about to cum... and moved his tongue down into that beautiful warm sweet liquid that was flowing from her honey pot... His tongue continued its journey as she spread her legs wider and he invaded that beautiful moist cavern... lapping up her golden richness as she screamed out in need for him... He was taking her there to that beautiful place beyond the rainbow... it was vibrantly flamboyant and glorious... his tongue flitting between her pearl and her honey pot... 

He felt that first spasm hit her... as she almost pulled his hair and her cries filled the night air over and over again. her body shaking uncontrollably... Her taste was as glorious and delicious as her... her body made for loving, made for his mouth, hands and cock... He went to stand up and she spoke to him gently... please lay back on the sand... He never asked why and spread his long length out onto the still heated sand... She stood above him like a beautiful golden goddess... and she moved gracefully over him... moving her lips over his paps... tasting him with her tongue tip... he moaned at her sensuality the way in which she touched him with fingers and mouth... 

Her nipples made his cock even harder as they moved over him... touching him everywhere... Her lips were causing him to go slowly insane as she moved them with infinite slowness down over his abdomen... tickling with her tongue tip... over his belly down to his groin... softly tasting and touching him... She loved his body... the slope of his squared shoulders to his tapered back and sweet hard ass... her lips found his very hard amazing cock and licked the tip... over and around... tasting his precum... His body jumped and cock twitched... he was trying to keep himself in check but it was so difficult... the rain fell softly onto his face and his heated body felt as if it would burn up... 

Her soft moist mouth closed over him after teasing his cock unmercifully... moving it up and down and all around his shaft... his fingers moved through the wetness of her hair... She continued to move her mouth up and down and he was almost there at the brink... that amazing power that a wanton, sexy and very sexual woman has over a man to make him mindless in his need and want for her... He was going to cum into that hot sweet mouth of hers... she slowed down her pace and she suddenly stopped... he gasped as he was right there and ready to spill his seed deep into her throat... 

She had other plans... she stood over him and then moved down to sit directly over his cock... her legs opening once again to allow him access to her very wet sweetness... She guided him inside of her tight velvety warmth... His cock about ready to explode as her sheath enveloped him... tight and delicious she moved up and down... like a beautiful wild cat... her fingernails moving over his and softly scratching him in her desire for him... He matched her moves... and they rode each other harder and faster... she was spiraling out of control into that vortex that was part of paradise... the rain lightly running in rivulets down over her back down onto her lush ass... 

His fingers played with her glorious nipples and he cupped those bountiful breasts in his hands and manipulated them as his passion for her burned almost out of control... She cried out and called him baby, baby, baby... over and over again... Her body once again reaching a beautiful and amazing orgasm... He was going to join her and they would cum together in one glorious explosion... he could feel himself tense... his balls tightened and her fingers caressed them and squeezed... she threw her head back and cried out as he exploded deep within her womb... his mouth opening and closing... almost gasping for air as the sensation of intense light and desire moved rampantly over him... 

The two lovers passionately making out on the sands on that night of sultry exotic love making... She relaxed contentedly and laid her head upon his shoulder as his fingers gently moved over her rain softened velvety body... He kissed her again and felt himself stirring within her once again... This vixen with the sultry smile and the beautiful sensual body... he smiled as he took her mouth hungrily... his tongue meeting hers in a sexual dual of eroticism... They had the night to make out again and again in this beautiful tropical paradise...