 They met in a nightclub. It was an instantaneous attraction between the two of them. Carla looked at the man sitting at the bar and thought to herself, what I could do to him and I know he could get me really hot. In fact she already had a wet, hot pussy as she sat beside him.

Richard also thought to himself – Wow! I am really turned on by this lady, she is so hot, hot, hot. He felt his erection beginning to tent his trousers as he sat there.

He turned to her and addressed her politely. "Hi, I'm Richard. "Would you like a drink?"

Carla was taken aback. This was a direct approach, and she was quite ready to follow up on it. 

She replied, "Hi, I'm Carla, and I would love a Pina Colada, if you don't mind."

"One Pina Colada coming up," and gave the order to the barman.

After a few drinks Carla excused herself as she had to go to the toilet and do something about her wet panties. When she came out and rejoined him, she had a smile on her face, but told him that she had to leave, as she had a dinner engagement with her sister.

"Can I see you again," asked Richard.

"Why don't I make dinner for you, say on Saturday. I will meet you here and we can go back to my place and have a relaxing dinner and some wine with no-one ti disturb us."

So, on Saturday they met at the Club, had one drink and left. Richard had brought his car and Carla had taken a taxi. All the way back to the apartment, there was such a tension in the air.

They both knew what tonight would bring and were both looking forward to it.

She stood at the door, "Key" he asked.

"I can't seem to find it, she retorted, maybe you can find it."

He trailed his finger along the swell of the black silk, and felt her shiver. He dipped his finger down and gliding it lazily over the heated flesh, gently abrading her nipple until he saw her eyes clouded and closed.

"I would say you were the one who has been practicing," she murmured softly. This made him smile.

"I'm just making it up as I go along."

"Mmmm-mmm. Don't stop on my account."

He didn't intend to stop. Not for hours if he could help it.

"Looks like I found it," he murmured as he hooked the key in his finger.

"Yeah, I just knew you would," as she let out a long breath.

He slid the key into the lock and released the locks. "Ask me in, Carla,."

"Come in."

He pushed the door open, and backed her inside. He locked the door and clamped his hands on her hips. He kept walking. 

"Dinner?"

"Can wait."

He lifted the phone off the hook as they passed.

"Wine."

"Later, much later." Her heels bumped into the bottom step. "Keep going." He said as he smiled.

Her legs had gone weak, she moved up the stairs as she braced her hands on his shoulders.

"Ask me to touch you."

Touch me." She sighed as his hands travelled up her body.

"Ask me to taste you."

"Taste me." And moaned as his mouth slid over her breasts.

When they reached the bedroom door, his teeth scraped along her throat, her jaw and left her mouth aching for attention.

"Kiss me," she begged.

"I will." But he only teased the corners of her mouth with the tip of his tongue. "I want the light to see you."

"No, I have candles, they\re everywhere." She broke open a matchbook but was shaking so much she wasn't able to strike one.  "I'm can't, I'm trembling too much."

He took the matches from her and slipped his fingers along her thigh. "I want you too. Stay here."

He worked his around the room lighting all the candles. They shimmered.

"Now," His hands slid around her waist.

"Ask me to take you."

He captured her mouth with his, plundering and rocking her with the power behind the kiss. This was what she wanted., a bold, blistering and battering heat. The crash of both of their senses.

"I want you. I want you in my bed," She raced wild kisses over his face.

She gasped as he whirled her around and dragged her back against his body. She was stunned to see them both reflected in the mirror, to catch the gleam in his eyes and the desire in his gaze as his eyes travelled down her body.

"We have all night. Watch." He reminded her.

He dipped his head to the curve of her neck and shoulder, with sharp little bites that had the first helpless sounds catching in her throat.

She watched his hands travel up, saw them, felt them cup her breasts, squeeze, release, slide over the silk, his fingers sliding under it, tugging the material. She braced for him to rip.

She shuddered as he simply let his hands glide over her again, and then down. She cried out in arousal as he pressed against her centre.

He lifted his head and caught the lobe of her ear between his teeth as their gazes met in the mirror.

She had driven him crazy when she walked into the club and he intended to return the favour.

"Tell me you want more."

Her bones felt like jelly and her muscles had gone lax. "Richard."

As he traced his fingers up and down her thighs, he felt the muscles quiver and her hot flesh. "Tell me you want more."

"I want more and more and more." Her head fell back as she fought for air.

"So do I."

He moved from her silky stockings to her silky flesh, torturing himself. Her scent was destroying him and he felt her urging him to take all of her. He made both of them wait, his breath becoming laboured; he held back the animal clawing to get out.

When he let go he knew the sensation would devour both of them.

As he worked his way around her neck and shoulders, he tugged at the zipper of her dress. As he peeled it from her body, he let out a groan.

Sex in all its glory, he thought to himself.

As she looked into his eyes the haze pf desire changed to something dangerous. It shocked her to realise this is what she wanted. The danger, the risk, the glory of breaking the choke chain he had on his control.

She took his hands and ran them over her body. "I bought this today so that you could rip it off me," she whispered as she held on to his hands covering her breasts.

She let out one loud gasp as he yanked the dress apart. With that single movement, he broke.

He spun her around, with his mouth ravishing her, his hands brutally dragging her to the bed. He was going to eat her alive. She bucked and arched as he covered her with his body. He heard her choke a scream. He feasted on her breasts and the fragrant smell of them, as her heart hammered against his mouth. 

She pulled at his shirt and her nails scraped down his back. Her mouth was as greedy as his and she was as impatient as he. When her hands closed around him, the fire in him erupted.

They rolled together, tangled in the sheet. She wrapped herself around him.

He drove into her, meeting her heat with his own fire, the explosion of pleasure was huge, a turbulent wave that drenched them both and swamped their souls. She matched him move for move and fury.

More was all he could think. He had to have more of her. Holding both her wrists with his left hand, he plunged into her deeper and deeper. She arched, accepting every inch of him. He watched as her face absorbed every flicker of delight, as he took her higher and faster than she had ever flown before. She cried out his name.

"Riccchhhaaarrrd............."

He continued to hold her even though her fingers had gone limp. He stayed inside her and her body continued to quiver and tremble.. They were mated.

"Are we still breathing."

He turned his head and felt her pulse. "Your hearts is still beating."

"Great, that's good. Is yours?"

"Seems to be."

"Let's just stay here for the next millennium then. I may be able to move by then."

"No one ever made me feel like this before. No one ever touched me this way."

His eyes shuttered and she realised she had made a mistake in that comment. He had retreated from her.

He rolled onto his back feeling a deep inner jolt when she looked at him with so much emotion in her eyes.

He didn't want this to get too serious. Once that happened, it would be over. His heart had been hardened many years ago.

She saw this and told herself to keep it simple, or he may walk out that door and she would never see him again.

She sat up and flicked her hair with her fingers. "I think that wine would go down well right now, don't you."

"Oh yeah." He skimmed his fingers along the calf because he had to tough her and keep the connection between them. "You mentioned something about dinner also?"

"Richard, I have an amazing meal in store for you. Everything's done but the crepes – seafood crepes which I will whip up in front of your astonished eyes."

"You're going to cook? he queried.

"Mmmmm-hmmm."

She slipped from the bed and walked to the closet and slipped on a robe.

"What is that," he enquired.

"That is what is called a robe." she quipped lightly.

"Take it off, I want to watch you cook the rest of that dinner – naked."

"Oh no, I'm not cooking crepes in the nude."

"Well, what about something else like this," and he held up her torn panties.

"No good lady doing sexy shopping ever buys one set of lingerie. I have a Red ensemble in my drawer."

"Why don't you put it on, I'm am so hungry now."

As she tried bravely to prepare the crepes she never realised how risky it could be, trying to do it in sexy underwear.

She was ravished against the pantry door, plundered on the living room rug and savaged under the hot spray of the shower, which she would love to experience again and again.

After dinner, they again retired to the bedroom.

Through the night hours, Richard reached for her and never seemed to be able to get enough of her.

She eventually fell asleep. 

She woke to the bright day and found she was alone. Although she hadn't expected any thing more between them, she thought that to have him there when she awoke would make her feel that the night had not been a dream.

Maybe they would never meet again and experience a night so wonderful, but it was one she would never forget.