 I couldn't help to stare. My ex had gotten hotter in the past few months. Had he? Or was I just desperate? I couldn't decide. As he walked further into the living room, I looked back down at my niece and tried to concentrate on what she was talking to me about. I was at my sister's house, and her boyfriend and my ex were cousins. I knew this, but never would I have expected him to move in with her. And, with a quick glance into the dining room, I noticed that his stuff was in there. Damn!

Tearing my gaze away from him and the boxes that contained his clothes, I turned my attention back to my niece once more. As our conversation turned to her little brother, I noticed my ex picking him up. Jason loved babies. More than I could say for the guy I was trying to talk to. He cringed almost at the sight of them. He didn't want kids, and I knew that. But I wanted one so bad, especially since my nephew was born a month ago. 

Jason sat down on the other end of the couch. Cooing to my nephew, I noticed that he wasn't doing it for attention from my sister or me. He was really enjoying holding Blake. With a quick look around, I noticed that we had been left alone. I didn't mind. My sister had only run to the store. I quickly got up from the couch, intent on making my way into the kitchen and away from the scene that was almost breaking my heart. 

"Kelly. Hey."

At the sound of my name, my knees almost gave way from underneath me. I loved his voice. He had an awesome singing voice too. He was a born musician. I looked at him and noticed that Blake was smiling up at Jason. I smiled at Jason, and he smiled back. We hadn't been together for very long, maybe a month at the most. But I never forgot him, despite that it had been almost two years. I looked back down at the baby, and bent to talk to him. As I did, I caught a whiff of the cologne he was wearing. I had to sit down after that. 

We talked to the baby for over thirty minutes, just watching the expressions on his face. During this time, we talked about what we had been doing, the baby, random things. Finally, he asked me after a pause if I was seeing anyone.

"No not really."

"Seriously? Kate said you were." He asked with a confusing look.

"Well, its not anything serious. Kate should watch what she says."

About that time, thank God, my sister decided to walk back into the house. She went straight for Blake, and Jason got up to go outside to smoke. I was a nervous wreck as I followed my sister into her bedroom to breastfeed the baby. As she sat down on the bed, I asked her what in the world happened between Jason and his girlfriend.

"Why does it matter to you? I thought that you and Shane were still together. Besides, he said that she broke his heart again. And he moved out after he found out she had another guy. Why he stays with her I'll never know. Now, if you don't mind . . ." she said, motioning for the door. I got up and closed it, heading for the living room again. 

My niece was sitting on the couch, watching cartoons. I sat down beside her. Within minutes, Jason and my sister's boyfriend, Kevin, walked back inside. Kevin asked me if I was staying for supper, and I made some comment about going home. I didn't think I could handle being around Jason that long.

"I don't think I'm staying either Kevin. I think that I'm going to go to my sister's. I'll be back home later."

Well, hell! He was leaving. I said my goodbyes, and as I drove home, I wondered why he had said he was going to leave right after I did. Arriving at the house, I noticed the note on the table. My mom had gone away to one of her "friend's" this weekend, and my brother was at my dad's. The house was all mine! I started a bubble bath, sinking into the bubbles and just sighing. I wanted to relax, and this was certainly a way to do it. I washed my body slowly, loving the feeling of bubbles sliding over me. I got out reluctantly, and started to dry off. 

As soon as I stepped out of the bathroom to head to the bathroom, I heard a knock at the door. Wrapping the towel around me, I answered the door. And who else should be there but Jason? I smiled, forgetting I was still in my towel, naked. As his eyes traveled down my body, I quickly remembered. 

"Oh, sorry, come on in. I got to go get dressed." I turned and headed back towards the bedroom. 

"Why?"

That one single word made me tingle. He chuckled when he heard my quick intake of breath, and turning around, I saw his smile. Wide and sure, he stood with his hands on his hips and legs slightly apart. He had closed the door quietly without me knowing it, and I realized that we were all alone in my house. Not that I minded. I was just surprised.

"Jason, look, I . . ." I wasn't surprised, though, to find I was at a loss for words. He always had a way of doing that. He slowly made his way to stand in front of me, placing his hands on my shoulders, covering them.

"Don't think about anything else for the rest of the night. Not anything but you and me."

He kissed me, slowly. He let his tongue duel with mine for what seemed like hours. I moaned at one point where he hit an especially sensitive spot, and again I heard that sexy chuckle. I smiled, and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him in closer. I had forgotten just how good he could kiss. I moaned again, this time lifting my pelvis to his, feeling his rising erection. I could have sworn I felt him grow in the few seconds that our hips were pressed together. My towel slipped a little, and for a few seconds, my bare breasts were pressed to his chest. It was his turn to moan.

"Good god, girl. Why did we stop seeing each other?" I wondered the same thing for months, but now, that was the last thing on my mind. I reached up and fixed my towel. Didn't want to end the show so soon. As our bodies melted together, I grabbed the back of his head and made him kiss me harder. I pulled back after a while, panting. I knew my face was flushed, I could feel it. I was hot all over. As he stood there, with an amazingly cute puzzled face, I grabbed his hand and lead him to the bedroom. 

He was smiling from ear to ear when I turned around back to him. I pushed him gently onto the bed. Grabbing the remote from the dresser, I dimmed the lights and turned on soft music on the radio. He looked around my room, then back at me. 

"This is so cool. When did you do all of this?"

"Right after we broke up. I needed a place to get away."

"Did I hurt you? If I ever did, I'm sorry. I've changed. I really have. Christy really did a number on me this time." He looked at his feet, suddenly somber and sincere. "I now know what it feels like. I promise I'll never hurt you." As he looked back up at me, I knew he meant it. 

As he stared deep into my eyes, I reached up and undid my towel, letting it drop to the floor. As his eyes left my face, I smiled at his reaction. He was gaping. I had never let him see me totally naked when we dated. Now, I had blossomed and I wanted him to see what he had been missing. I liked the way he was looking at me. I had always enjoyed the attention I had gotten since I filled out, but his was different. He had something to compare me to: who I used to be and who I was now. With a deep breath, his eyes came back to mine.

"Goodness. You've really filled out Kelly. Even more beautiful than before."

"Thanks. I think so, too." I smiled at him. "Now, Jason, are you going to just stare, or are you going to touch me?"

With a deep groan, he stood up and crossed the small space to press my naked body to his. I wanted to feel his skin beneath me, so I grabbed the hem of his shirt, pulling it over his head. I slid my hands up his chest, feeling warm skin and soft hair. I remembered what I saw in him. He had an amazing body, but even more appealing was he knew how to use it to please me. Hands lying softly on his bare chest, I reached up and kissed him fully on the mouth, letting my bare breasts brush against him lightly.

"Are you trying to kill me?" he said with a laugh. I chuckled back, putting my arms around his neck again. As we kissed, my knees weakened. When they almost gave out, Jason scooped me up and laid me on the bed. Standing back up, he slowly unfastened his belt and pants. Eyes on mine, he undressed to his boxers. Then, with slow movements, he slid his boxers down his legs. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. He was amazing. 

His cock was standing straight up. As I watched his body, he was watching my face. Reaching down, he slowly started to stroke his upright dick. I almost melted on the bed. I wasn't a huge voyeur per say, but when a guy stood in front of me and did that, I would get so turned on I'd soak what I have on. This time, it was the sheet beneath me. Giving me the show of a lifetime, he stroked his hard prick, head thrown back and moaning. Within seconds, I could feel my hand drift slowly to my dripping wet pussy. I just had to touch myself. I couldn't help it, and I didn't want to stop it.

When he heard me moan, he looked at me. His groan was loud enough to echo in the room. What he saw was me on my back, legs bent at the knees, stroking my soaking cunt and drawing slow circles around my clit. I watched as he opened his eyes, and with a slow smile, pushed my middle finger deep into my pussy. He moaned loudly again and started to stroke his prick. As we continued, we'd switch between watching each other's body and face. I don't know what turned me on more, his body or the reactions his face showed to my body. 

Within minutes, I was close to almost exploding. I sighed that I was going to cum. Jason grinned, and moving quickly, climbed on the bed and slammed his throbbing cock into my wet hole. I came as soon as he was deep inside of me, feeling my cunt grip him. Moaning loudly, he started fucking me, or trying to. I was holding onto him pretty tight. I moaned and sighed as he moved, slower and gaining speed fast. I could feel him starting to shudder and leaned up and bit the side of his neck. Like always, that pushed him over the edge, and fast. As he came deep inside of me, it triggered another orgasm, which made his even more intense. 

As he lay on the bed beside me, I sighed. Yeah, I definitely remember why we were together. Looking over at him, I caught him looking at me. I gave him a quizzical look. 

"What?"

"You are amazing. Want to start dating again?"

Guess my answer . . .