 Loving Daniel: Triple O

It was a Friday night. Rather than go out for an expensive meal, I invited my lover, Daniel, to my apartment, promising him a meal he would never forget. I left work early and rushed to the supermarket to pick up a few extra things I thought I would need. I waited on the platform in the subway station for the train home, and daydreamed about what I would wear that night... I had a beautiful red chiffon number that I knew Daniel would like. I'd had my hair done especially, my brown wavy locks washed and straightened to fall perfectly about my face.  I imagined it would look very attractive draping down the bare skin of my shoulders, accentuating the dangerously low cut back of my dress. 

At home I rushed through the last minute food preparations -- nothing else could be done until Daniel arrived. I went to the bathroom and turned the taps on in the tub. I rolled up my trousers, placed my right leg over the tub and lathered soap over my shin and calf. Then carefully, with a great deal of precision, I removed every little spike attempting to grow there. I rinsed my leg then repeated the exercise with the other, ensuring both legs were as hairless as they possibly could be – Daniel enjoyed the feel of my legs caressing the skin on his back, and I didn’t want to disappoint him with poor grooming. I turned the taps off and toweled my legs dry. 

I unzipped my trousers and allowed them to drop to the bathroom floor. I kicked them out the door and in the approximate direction of my bedroom. Then I peeled off my shirt and underwear and stood naked on the bathmat. I opened the bathroom cabinet door and fished out my vitamin E cream from amongst the clutter inside. I unscrewed the cap and squeezed a generous amount onto my right hand then put the tube down and transferred half of the cream to my left palm. I bent over, not from the knees, but from the hips, and ran each hand up and down my legs, massaging the cream into my skin, enjoying its smoothness and watching the moisture absorb almost immediately. I stepped my right foot further apart to maintain my balance, and I imagined how delighted Daniel would be if he walked in at that moment and found me bent over like that,  my legs bare, my back arched, my ass cheeks wantonly spread… I knew he would want to fuck me on the spot. 

I straightened again and squeezed more cream into my hands then began to massage it into the soft mounds of my ass. I wanted it to be as soft and smooth as possible so that when Daniel ran his hands over each globe and grasped them in his fist he would be pleased at how supple they felt. I finished by rubbing some of the cream into my breasts, then turned to the cabinet again and selected a fragrance from amongst my limited collection. I choose Thierry Mugler's Angel, my favourite. I sprayed a fine mist down the right side of my neck, against the insides of my wrists and just a little on the backs of my knees. The aroma of vanilla and chocolate filled the air and I paused for a moment to inhale the delicious ambience. 

I headed to my room, collecting my discarded clothing on the way, dumping it in the clothesbasket inside my bedroom door.  As I stood before my wardrobe clothed in nothing but my birthday suit, I glanced to my left and realised I hadn’t drawn the vertical blinds. I was convinced no one was looking anyway -- and if they were, I didn’t care as long as they never made their presence known to me. I took my red chiffon dress off the clothes wrack and slipped it over my head, wriggling my torso to help the folds of fabric cascade down over my shoulders and hips. I neatly arranged the cowl neck at the front, surveying how it emphasized the tops of my curvaceous breasts, knowing how Daniel would enjoy having such easy access to them. I slipped my feet into my red stilettos, threaded a pair of earrings through my earlobes and finished my makeup just as I heard Daniel’s knock at my apartment door. 

I raced down the hallway in a most unlady-like fashion, the dress's skirt wafting around me as I went.  I unlocked the front door then swung it open wide and stepped back. There was Daniel, standing on my doorstep looking crushingly handsome dressed in elegant black trousers and a blood red shirt which he’d left open at the neck, the collar neatly turned over the lapels of his black Armani jacket. 

"You look beautiful," he said.  I felt flattered by the compliment.  I decided flirtation was the best way to get the evening’s activities started.

"You look like the main course," I replied, flashing my dazzling smile at Daniel. He stepped through the door, slipped his right arm around my waist and drew me forward into a light embrace. Daniel’s lips descend onto mine to kiss me passionately on the threshold, his tongue conducting a thorough inspection of my mouth before it connected with my own, rubbing against it insistently. I broke away and blushed. "Come in," I said. 

Daniel swaggered into my apartment, slipped his coat from his shoulders and draped it over the arm of the sofa.  He turned on his heel to look at me, his eyes burning with desire, his lips curved upwards in a benevolent smile.   

"Are you hungry?" I asked casually.  Daniel’s eyes wandered from my face to my breasts, over my belly, down my thighs to my ankles then back up to meet my gaze again. 

"Yes I am," he said, licking his lips. My naked crotch began to burn with heat under my dress.  I wanted him to take me there and then. 

"Dessert first?" I inquired, raising my eyebrows so that he knew I wasn’t talking about food. 

"No. Let’s do it by the book," Daniel said. I nodded in agreement, even though I was a little disappointed, then turned and made my way to the kitchen. After serving Daniel a glass of Semillon Blanc I heated up the stove and placed a stainless steel pan on the heating element. I flash fried two beautiful pieces of tuna steak, adding only garlic and pepper for seasoning. I positioned them on a bed of tri-colour salsa in the centre of two large white plates then turned to Daniel. 

"Why don’t you take a seat at the table, darling," I said. "Dinner is ready." I picked up both plates and followed Daniel to the dining room. The lights were dim; a lamp illuminated the clean white cloth and the forged mental candle sticker holder, a solitary candle burning at its pinnacle. I leaned forward to place Daniel’s plate before him and as I did the cowl neck on my dress swung free, revealing almost all of my cleavage, which I had not bothered to capture with a bra that night.  Daniel took advantage of the opportunity, swiftly raising his right hand and slipping it beneath the fabric to cup my right breast in his palm. 

"This looks delicious," he said, his eyes feasting on my chest.  Daniel moved his thumb and forefinger to meet on either side of my nipple then slowly began to pinch.  I let out a surprised gasp – the pain was deliciously excruciating. I looked down at Daniel and his eyes meet mine. I smiled and he removed his hand. 

"Thank you," I said, assuming the compliment was about me. I placed my plate on the table and sat down. I raised my glass of wine to Daniel. "Salute," I said, and he clinked his glass against mine. 

We enjoyed the meal ever so slowly, taking one bite, then resting our cutlery on our plates to chit-chat as we ate.  Finally we finished; I stood to take the plates away. I returned from the kitchen with two tiny servings of Campari sorbet seated in the middle of two small plates that were iced over from chilling in the freezer. We consumed the sorbet quickly and I removed the plates to the kitchen, returning with dessert -- a dense triple chocolate cheesecake with no base, drizzled with a reddish-brown chocolate liqueur. 

"What is this?" Daniel asked. 

"It's called a Triple Orgasm," I replied, beaming at him. 

"Huh!" he scoffed. "I'll show you a real triple orgasm in a minute!" I giggled like a nervous schoolgirl at his comment. I knew he meant what he said. We ate the dessert slowly, groaning in delight at its rich flavour and dense texture, but we abandoned it half way through the generous serving, finding it simply too rich to finish. I whisked the plates away to the kitchen and when I returned Daniel was standing by the table, his chair dragged out of the way. 

"Come here," he said to me and I obediently walked over to him. Daniel lifted my left hand to his lips and kissed the soft flesh of my palm. He then turned me around and hugged me to his chest. My buttocks pressed against his groin and I could feel his sex already hard beneath his trousers. I leaned against him as he ran both of his hands down over my breasts to my thighs where he grasped the red chiffon skirt of my dress and began to gather it in his fists.

“Ready for your real dessert?” Daniel whispered in my ear.

“Ah-huh.” I replied.

Daniel pushed me away from his body with a thrust of his hips and raised my dress to my waist. He stepped forward and pushed me against the edge of the table, the heel of his left hand between my shoulder blades urging me forward over the table top, his right hand firmly gripping my hip. 

Daniel kneeled behind me, and I felt his tongue lick at the back of my right knee. I enjoyed his attention there, a little smile creeping across my face as I closed my eyes and surrendered to his oral caress. He ran his warm, wet tongue up the back of my thigh to the crease below my right ass cheek, then traced the little crevice with his tongue from left to right and back again. Then he switched to the other side and inspected the crease there with his tongue in the same delicate manner. 

"So nice," Daniel said quietly then stood again. I heard his unzip his trousers and drop them with his shorts to his knees. "Part your cheeks," he said to me, do I and put all of my weight on my breasts and abdomen, then reached around to my ass and gripped both cheeks with my hands, spreading them wide. Daniel stepped back to admire the view -- I was completely open to him, once again the servant of his desire. "You're dripping wet," he said, and I felt his fingers collect the juices from around my gaping vagina. He transferred the moisture to the puckered flower of my ass, and I prepared myself to feel his tongue penetrate me there. 

Daniel placed his left hand on my right hip and gripped his cock with his right, then directed the engorged head towards my anus. He rested it against the tight little opening momentarily. 

"No," I said, but without the conviction I normally felt. My desire burning like a flame for Daniel by then, I didn’t care what was his pleasure – my body was his to do with as he wished.

"You’ll like it this way," he murmured and began to push. I let out a moan of pain, but he was insistent. "Relax, my pet," he soothed. "I won't hurt you." Immediately the tension left my body and I closed my eyes to focus on the sensation in my ass. Daniel pushed his cock slowly past the tight outer muscle, burying himself within, then paused. He placed his right hand on my other hip and I exhaled all the air in my lungs. I began to feel comfortable then, as Daniel slowly began to slide his cock out of my tight little passage, then stopped and pushed it in again. I enjoyed the sensation of this slow, yet surprisingly delicious stimulation. I released one of my buttocks and reached my hand underneath my torso to find my clit, which was begging for attention by then. I rested my fingers there and allowed the gentle rocking from Daniel’s thrusts to supply all the stimulation I need. 

His grip on my hips tightened and he quickened his pace. I began to moan, the pain suddenly increasing in intensity. My ass was not used to such deep and thorough penetration, yet I knew it was too late now to ask Daniel to stop. I maintained the pressure on my clit and was elated when I felt it contract upwards against my pubis. 

"O Daniel, I'm gonna cum!" I moaned, so he quickened his pace further, breaking out into a sweat, jabbing me with short, sharp thrusts. A delicious wave of heat crawled up the back of my head and down over my face as I came under his administrations. With one final deep thrust, Daniel dumped his load in my ass, then slumped forwards over my back. His hands released my hips, leaving red marks where his fingers had gripped me in the throes of passion. He ran his hands up my sides and I lifted myself slightly to allow him to reach beneath me to cradle my breasts. 

"Okay?" Daniel inquired, his cock still buried within my ass. 

"Ah-huh," was all I could reply. We rested that way for some time, enjoying the post-coital simplicity of the pose, Daniel’s spent penis eventually contracting, releasing the pressure within my anus. 



After what seemed like an eon, Daniel stood and withdrew his now flaccid cock. 

"Turn over," he said, so I raised myself on the table and turned around to face my lover. My chiffon dress was bunched unattractively around my armpits so Daniel grabbed the mass of fabric and peeled it off over my head, tossing it carelessly aside. I was naked as I lay on the table, my knees bent, my calves and ankles dangling over the edge, my shoes still fastened to my feet. 

"Raise your knees," Daniel instructed me, so I drew my legs up to my chest, putting my nether regions completely on display. 

Daniel gazed down at the folds of pink skin and I watched as his eyes drifted towards to my ass, which had become reddened from our efforts. He rubbed me gently there, then knelt before me and placed a tender kiss on my dark ring. I moaned with pleasure and imagined I might let him fuck me that way again some time. But my ass did not concern him now. He placed his palms against my flattened, raised thighs and leaned forward to lick the full length of my glistening wet trench. 

"Ahhhh," I groaned. "Daniel that's good..." I tightened my grip on my knees, raising my pelvis towards his face like an offering to my own personal God. He bent again and this time he inserted the tip of his tongue into my cunt, driving me mad with the delicious sensation of a warm wet tongue fuck. I began to rock on the table top with the motion, rolling myself gently against Daniel’s face, but he withdrew from my cunt and turned his attention to my swollen red clit, which has been patiently awaiting his caress. 

He dabbed at the sweet bud with his tongue, tickling, tantalizing, circling its form then clasping his lips around its circumference. I moaned and Daniel immediately began to suck at it, his tongue continuing to work at the bud now fully enclosed in his mouth. The sensation was divine; I allowed myself to completely surrender to him -- Daniel was an expert at bringing me to orgasm that way, and like a good girl, I eagerly awaited for my climax to approach. It wasn't long before I felt my cunt contract within me and I knew my clit has done the same between Daniel’s lips. Yet he kept on and on with his tongue until I began to cry out in short, sharp, high pitched gasps. My head lolled on the table, my eyes rolled back in my head and a white-hot wave of pleasure washed over me as I came against Daniel’s face. 

Finally Daniel’s lips released my clit. My hands fell away from my knees and my legs slumped down over the side of the table again. Daniel leaned back, and I looked up at him, sweat glistening on my breasts and abdomen. He smile at me like as smiled down at his mortal lover Leda, and I noticed his chin was coated with the juices from my cunt. 

"Come here," I beckoned, so he stood and leaned over me, allowing me to lick his chin clean, then wrap my right arm around his neck, drawing him into a passionate kiss on the mouth. 


My heart rate had nearly returned to normal but my body felt entirely spent. As we kissed again, I felt Daniel’s sex pressing against me between my legs, dripping with pre-cum, making me aware that he was ready for action again. I reached down and grasped its length in my right hand. 

"Will you fuck me now?" I asked, gazing into Daniel’s eyes. Not waiting for an answer, I dipped the head of his cock in my juices, moistening it a little, then found the opening to my by then more than welcoming snatch, I held it there in expectation. Daniel nodded and pressed forward, sliding his full length deep within me. We both released a sigh of pleasure, and Daniel paused for a moment before placing his hands either side of me on the table and pushing himself back up to standing. 

He grasped my hips and dragged me closer to the edge of the table. I raised my legs and placed one stilettoed foot on each of his shoulders. Daniel gripped my ankles with his hands and held my legs forwards as if they were handle bars to help him steer. Relentlessly, he plunged his cock in and out of my cunt, his hips slapping against my thighs in a frenzy of passion. I watched my breasts shake with each successive jab so I grasped my nipples between my thumbs and forefingers, pinching, twisting them, encouraging the areolas to pucker in appreciation of Daniel’s prowess. 

He placed my ankles back on his shoulders and positioned his hands back on the table, still thrusting, riding higher so that his shaft grazed my clit with each stroke. I let out a sigh but he did not notice, his face contorted in a mask of pleasure and pain.  I knew instinctively that he was close to climax. I shifted my hips a little to increase the pressure on my clitoris - I wanted to come at the same time Daniel did. His thrusts quickened and he groaned as the tension increased. I feel my soft interior tighten contract around his cock and I knew my climax was just a breath away. 

"Oh, fuck!" I cried out as Daniel’s thrusts became furious. Sweat broke out all over his body and finally he released his orgasm, coming deep within me. In the very next instant, my clit spasmed and my orgasm over took me as Daniel leaned his full weight against my body. His breathing was heavy against my left ear. His chest heaved as he attempted to recover. 

"And that," Daniel said quietly to me, "is what I call a triple orgasm."