 Why is it Literotica has a section called "Loving Wives" and not one called "Loving Husbands?" Why is it that so many stories are about men relishing the idea of watching their wives with another man? 

Well, I'm tired of it. I think there should be a "Loving Husbands" section and this story is intended to be the first one in the section. 

***** 

It was a nice, warm day when my co-worker Lulu and I decided to take our coffee break outside and sit on a park bench in the shade. Over the past two years Lulu and I became friends outside of work. She even invited my husband and me to her wedding a year ago. Lulu is a beautiful, petite twenty-six year-old woman, a blend of Chinese and Irish, with long black hair, tan skin and greenish eyes. It's no wonder that all the men at work drool over her. 

Anyway, while we were sipping our coffee, she said, "I'm bored." 

"Yeah," I said. "Work has been kind of dull lately." 

She reached over, grabbed my hand, got close to my face and whispered, "No. I'm bored with my sex life." 

I was kind of shocked at that. Her husband Evan is a real hunk—about six-door and solid muscle. The best I could do in response to her statement was mumble, "Oh." 

"It's not that we don't have sex a lot," she said. "Admittedly we're down from twice a day or so to once a day or so. No. It's just that...something is missing. I mean—how many ways can you fuck, anyway?" 

I cleared my throat and started to say something but she just talked over me. "I've gotten to the point where I'm using toys with him. Like last night I let him fuck me in the ass while I used a vibrating dildo in my pussy. I liked that a lot." 

It was at that point that I started to sweat a bit. 

Lulu kept rambling on. "But how often can you do that, right? I mean—my ass is killing me right now. No. I need...variety." 

I finally got a word in. "Variety?" 

"Yeah." 

"You mean..." 

"Another guy. Not just any other guy. Maybe someone like...Mike." 

I almost coughed up my coffee. "My Mike? My husband?" 

Lulu became visibly excited. "Yes," she said. "He's older, right? He probably knows how to please a woman, right? I mean—your sex life is great I bet." 

The sweat started to drip down my sides. "I...um...I'm not in your league, Lulu. I'm thirty-six. Mike is forty-two. Yes, our sex life is great but we're once a week, not once a day, you know?" 

"I don't care about quantity," she said. "I care about quality. I thought that if the three of us got together we..." 

"Wait," I said. "You mean you want Mike, me and you to..." 

Suddenly Lulu was animated. "Yes," she said. "I started watching some porn the other night and I found a video of two Asian women sucking some guy's cock. I mean it was all close-up—just their heads and the cock. I gotta tell you—the women were beautiful and the cock was beautiful. It seemed to be long and thick with a gorgeous bulbous head. The wetter it got the shinier it got. I was fascinated. Then, all of a sudden, the guy comes. I mean cum exploded out of the cock and splashed on the women's faces. They didn't miss a beat, though. They continued sucking until they cleaned up the guy's prick. I got so turned on I just had to talk to you about...you know." 

I swallowed hard as I tried to figure out how to respond to Lulu. "So...you want to...I mean you want both of us to suck..." 

"Oh, I want much more than that," Lulu said. "There were more videos of the two women. In one of the videos one woman ate the other woman's pussy while some guy fucker her. In another..." 

"Stop," I said. By now my whole body seemed to be covered in a thin film of perspiration. "So not only do you want to have sex with Mike but you want to have sex with me, right?" 

"Yeah. I've never had sex with a woman and I decided that if I was going to you would be the person I'd want to have it with. I thought, perhaps incorrectly, that you were attracted to me. If I'm wrong..." 

I did a quick self-evaluation. Yes, I was attracted to Lulu and I guess that somehow got through to her. "I...I am attracted to you," I said. "But the idea that... 

"Just talk to him about it, okay? See what he says." 

"But, Lulu," I said. "You'd be cheating on Evan. Do you want to go down that path?" 

She slumped back into the bench and sighed. "Yeah. I've thought about that. But I'm climbing the wall, you know? If I don't get some relief I'll go crazy. It's as much for my marriage as it is for me." 

That was some rationalization Lulu came up with but I decided to go with it. "Okay," I said. "I'll figure a way to bring up the subject." 

Lulu popped right back up. "Oh, thank you," she said. She grabbed my head, pulled it toward her, plastered her lips on mine and drove her tongue into my mouth. When she pulled back, she mumbled, "I...I'm sorry. I didn't mean..." 

I was really dripping now and not just from sweat. My panties had become uncomfortably wet. "I...um...I'll let you know what Mike says tomorrow." 

"Great," she said. "I'm gonna go to the ladies' room now and make myself come." 

"Do me a favor," I said. "Send me the links to the videos you watched." 

****** 

The first thing I did when I got home from work was watch the videos Lulu had mentioned. She was right—the cock the two women were sucking was perfect. I mean perfect. So perfect I decided it was fake, a decision that was firmed up in my mind when I saw the cum explode out of it. The first blast was huge, hitting one woman in the eyes. The second was just as huge but hit the other woman in the forehead. After the first two the cum fountains grew smaller but were still quite large. The women, despite taking jism hits to the face, just kept on licking until, after a while, they began kissing. 

I'm not going to say the video turned me on but I watched it four times. 

I watched more videos of two—or more—women with one guy. One really caught my attention. In it a beautiful blonde had her face buried between a dark-skinned woman's ass cheeks while she was being butt-fucked by a long, thick black cock. I tried to imagine my face buried between Lulu's ass cheeks while Mike fucked me in the ass. Then I tried to imagine Lulu licking me while Mike fucked her in the ass. I asked myself if I would let him do that. I wasn't sure. 

I was sure of one thing, though. I had to discuss it with Mike. 

So, to make him a bit pliable I made his favorite dinner—three cheeses ravioli with vodka sauce. Then I opened one of our better bottles of red wine. As we were getting close to finishing dinner I, acting as casual as I could, said, "I had an interesting conversation with Lulu today." 

Mike drained his wine glass, poured both of us some more and said, "Oh?" 

"Yeah," I said. "It seems she's bored with her sex life." 

Mike almost choked on his wine. "Lulu? Bored? That's hard to believe." 

"Oh," I said, pretending to be a bit pissed off. "And why is that, exactly?" 

I think Mike saw through my pretense. He leaned back in his chair and, smiling, said, "Oh, I don't know. I mean—she's incredibly sexy and Evan is a pretty well-built guy. I've never seen his prick, of course, but I suspect he's well hung. But...maybe you could comment on that." 

I was shocked by what Mike said. "How would I...are you suggesting...you'd like that, wouldn't you. It would probably turn you on if..." 

"Stop," Mike said. "I know you too well. You're up to something. What is it?" 

I exhaled, rubbed my eyes and sipped some more wine. "My conversation with Lulu was a bit bizarre. Let me ask you something. Do guys at work ever talk about their fantasies, with their wives I mean?" 

Mike laughed. "I think this conversation is getting a bit bizarre. But, to answer your question, no, I don't think so. There is one single guy who goes on and on about the women he meets but for the most part our sex lives never get brought up." 

"Huh," I said. "That surprises me." 

Mike leaned a bit toward me as if he was anticipating where the conversation was going. "Do the women where you work talk about their fantasies? Did Lulu?" 

"I'm getting there," I said. "But let me ask you this—do you ever fantasize about, let's say, having a three-way with me? Like, when I'm on top of you do you imagine me sucking some other guy's cock? Or when I'm on my knees..." 

"Wait," Mike said. "Give me a minute." He buried his face in his hands for a few seconds before looking at me. "Okay," he said. "Yes. I do." 

I was stunned. "W...who? Who do you imagine..." 

"I don't imagine anyone," he said. "It's more like a shadowy figure, you know? But it's not what you think. Like, when you're on your knees giving me a blow job I sometimes imagine that someone is behind you fucking you. Then I wonder if you like it. Of course, in my mind, you do. You love it. It's only recently that I've been thinking about this stuff, though. I worry...I worry that you're not enjoying sex with me as much as you used to so if someone else..." 

I slammed my hand on the table and growled, "Are you nuts? Why in the world would you think that?" 

Mike shrugged. "I'm not as young as I used to be and..." 

"Jesus Christ," I said, sighing. "Neither am I. God dammit. We're gonna fuck right now." I stood up and, in a heartbeat, stripped off all my clothes except, of course, for my heels. I know how Mike gets turned on seeing me naked in my heels. I grabbed him by the hand and snarled, "Come on to bed." 

"But...when are you gonna tell me about Lulu?" 

"After we're done." 

Mike was tearing off his clothes as we made our way to the bedroom. When we got there I pushed him onto his back and said, "I'm gonna suck your cock and you're gonna tell me your fantasy." 

Mike seemed a bit nervous. "Are you serious?" 

"You bet," I said. I lowered my head and, just before taking him in my mouth, said, "Start." 

Mike moaned when my tongue flicked his prick. In a halting voice he said, "There's a guy...kneeling behind you and...he's licking your ass..." 

Jesus. I did not expect that. I felt my juices just about explode out of my pussy when I allowed myself to imagine the same thing. I was so turned on I deep-throated Mike without coming close to gagging. 

"Fuck," he said. "That feels good. Now the guy is...he's sliding his cock in you and you...you're moaning..." 

I moaned all right. 

"And he's fucking you slow-motion...and...in my imagination...you reach between your legs..." 

And fingered my clit--got it--and did it—while Mike continued. 

"Then he...he positions his cock at your asshole...and you're moaning louder and louder..." 

And I was coming--hard. I didn't even wait for my orgasm to subside before I lifted my head. "We're gonna change the fantasy," I said. "You get behind me, fuck me and let me do the talking." 

Mike scrambled off the bed, got behind me and slid his prick into my soaked pussy. "Yesssssss," I hissed. "Mmmm...imagine this...there's a beautiful girl on her back in front of me and...oooo...I'm eating her pussy...and..." 

"Christ," Mike mumbled. 

"And I'm reaching up to squeeze her nipples and...wait...better yet...she's on her stomach and my face is between her cheeks and..." 

"Jesus," Mike said. "Describe her." 

"She looks just like Lulu," I said. "Imagine that. Now imagine that you're fucking me in the ass. No." I flopped onto my stomach and said, "Fuck me in the ass. Fuck me in the ass, Mike." 

Oh my God. The pain was so short-lived it was amazing. Once he was in me it was all pleasure and nothing but pleasure. I continued describing my fantasy for Mike as he picked up his pace. 

"The girl is moaning lick my ass...she's saying finger my pussy...finger my ass...now she's shouting let him fuck me in the ass...and...and...oh, God. I'm coming. I'm coming." 

So was Mike--coming, that is. He was filling my butt with a constant stream of hot jism. And he thought he couldn't satisfy me. Ha! 

We were both covered with sweat after our orgasms passed. "God," Mike said. "That was incredible." 

"Mmmm," I murmured. "It was. Tell me the truth, now. When you were saying all those things about another guy fucking me, were you picturing it in your mind?" 

"Not really," he said. "I was more focused on your reactions. You seemed really turned on. Were you?" 

"I have to admit that I was," I said. "At one point I actually wished there were two of you—one in my pussy and one in my mouth. Also..." I debated whether or not to continue and let my voice trail off. Mike, though, would not let me stop talking. 

"Go on," he said. 

I took a deep breath and exhaled. "I really go turned on by the idea of having sex with another woman while you fucked me and...and actually created a picture of you having sex with another woman. Don't get mad but, when you were talking about some guy behind me fucking me, I actually, just for a second, imagined sucking someone's cock at the same time." 

"Wow," Mike said. 

My heart was pounding so hard in my chest that I could barely breathe. I waited until I calmed down before I said, "Now you have some idea what my conversation with Lulu was about." 

****** 

Mike ran his hand up and down my back. "I might have an idea," he said. "Before my imagination goes wild, though, you had just better tell me." 

"Keep rubbing my back," I said. "It feels good and relaxes me. So, Lulu told me that although she and Evan have a lot of sex—like twice a day—she's not satisfied. She said that needs variety in her life, meaning that she needs another man—no, make that another partner. Or more than one." 

Mike kissed me on the neck and then between the shoulder blades. "Meaning what, exactly," he whispered. 

"She...she told me she wants to have sex with you." 

Mike sat straight up in bed. "Roll over and look at me," he said. "Please." 

I didn't want to move but, as he asked, I rolled onto my back. 

"You know I would never do that," he said. "Right?" 

"Well," I said. "What if I were to have sex with her at the same time? You see, she doesn't want to have sex with you exclusively. She wants to have the two of us have sex with you." 

"Jesus," Mike said. "What exactly..." 

I sat up and kissed him. "She wants the two of us to give you a blow job at the same time. She saw a video of two women doing that and it turned her on. I have to admit that I watched it, too, and it turned me on." 

"Good lord," Mike said. "And you're okay with that?" 

"I don't know," I said. "But she also wants to do things that I described earlier. I'm pretty sure she wants you to fuck her while she and I...you know. If you're up for it, then I am, too." 

"But what about her husband?" 

"He doesn't figure into this." 

"But...he's our friend and...whatever. If we are to do this, how would we proceed?" 

"I don't know. Let's research it." 

Mike laughed at the idea. "You mean watch videos?" 

"No," I said. "Videos would just show sucking and fucking. We should read some stories because they can go into greater detail. It's still early in the evening so you read some, I'll read some and, in let's say two hours, we can compare notes." 

"This is nuts," Mike said. "But I like it." 

********** 

After we cleaned up the kitchen Mike and I each did our "research." Then, sitting side by side, we had a conversation that about the typical scenarios we saw. 

"From what I read," I said, "it's usually some guy who wants to see his wife fucked by another guy or, more precisely, a bunch of guys. They want to turn their wives into a slut, although I can't imagine why." 

"Lack of self-esteem," Mike said. "Funny, though. From what I read some wife is always strutting her stuff in front of her husband and other men so she can take on the other guys while he watches." 

"Emasculation," I said. "I also found a few stories in which a couple and another person, or another couple, get tipsy and one thing leads to another." 

"Mutual agreement," Mike said. "But the ones I liked were the ones where there was a bit of hesitation on the wife's part. Somehow that made it sexier." 

"Yes," I said. "That gives me an idea. Can you get buffed up in two weeks or so?" 

"I think I know where you are headed." Mike said. "I will get up at four in the morning and run five miles every day. I will hit the gym at lunch and after work. I will eat nothing but steamed chicken breasts for every meal. Yes, I can do it." 

"I'll join you," I said. "I have a few pounds to take off. So...I'm gonna stall Lulu for a while so that we can get in shape. Then, when the opportunity arises, we'll have her over, drink a bit, I'll comment on how hunky you are, I'll have her feel your arms and then...then we'll see what happens." 

****** 

Of course Lulu was all over me the next day at work. "Well? Well? Did'ja ask him? What did he say?" 

I pretended to be annoyed when I replied to her. "No. It's not the kind of thing you bring up at the spur of the moment. Give me a few days, okay?" 

She sulked a bit but then mumbled, "Okay." 

As I watched her hips sway as she walked away I was certain that I really wanted her. It was at that point that I had a sudden moment of inspiration. I stopped on the way home from work to make a purchase and then waited anxiously for Mike to arrive. 

When he did I grabbed his hand and dragged him into the living room. "See that clock on top of the TV?" 

"Yeah," he said. "What about it?" 

I dragged him out of the living room and into the bedroom. "See that clock on the night stand?" 

"Yeah. It looks like the other one. What..." 

"They're cameras," I said. "They connect to Wi-Fi and you can watch them on your laptop or phone or whatever. They're password protected so there's no chance of anyone else seeing what you do." 

"So," Mike said. "You got these for..." 

"Yes...but I want to have sex with Lulu before we do anything and I want you to watch." 

Mike staggered backward a bit. "Oh my God," he said. "Are you serious?" 

"Yes. I mean...why not, right? You'll get to see her and know what she likes and...well, we can prepare better for the big event." 

"Okay. It's crazy but okay. How do you plan..." 

"I'll find out when she can come over. Hopefully tomorrow after work. I'll say something like you have a meeting that will take you out until ten or so. I'll text you and let you know what's happening. You come home and set up in the spare bedroom and, whatever you do, be quiet." 

"Jesus," Mike said. "This is like those stories where the husband watches the wife with another guy but..." 

"Instead you'll be watching me with another woman," I said. "And this is my idea, not yours." 

**** 

It didn't take much convincing to get Lulu to come over. We were awkward at first, sitting on the living room couch side by side. Of course, one of the camera clocks was facing directly at us. After a couple of minutes we shared a tentative kiss, a kiss that exploded into a full lip-locked, tongue dueling kiss. We were suddenly like teenagers—breathing heavy with our hands under each other's tee-shirts roaming over each other's breasts. God how firm Lulu's tits were! And her nipples were like little pebbles pressing into my palms. 

I pulled away for a second or two and lifted my tee-shirt over my head. Lulu smiled and lifter her tee-shirt over her head. Her breasts were beautiful—not a hint of sag in them. I remember when mine were like that. Anyway I just had to take her nipples into my mouth. She moaned so loudly when my lips met her nips that I almost humped out of my skin. It was Lulu who said, "Let's go to the bedroom." 
