 I first saw Gaius at the street cistern one morning in Ianuarius, the air cold against my face, the cobbles beneath my feet slick with ice, my palla - thick, woollen, white - was caught about my shoulders for warmth. I was faint with hunger, my knuckles white as I gripped the thick stone, and the people around me stared curiously.

Then his voice - kind, curious, concerned: 'Are you well?'

I looked up, dazed by fatigue, into those inquisitive hazel eyes, the face not handsome but pleasant, and I felt the lurch of fate, a surge of physical attraction, as though the gods had sent a peal of thunder to roll through my very soul; he caught my arm into his, and he said, 'Allow me to guide you home.'

Uncertainly I said, 'I cannot impose.'

He said, 'Nonsense. You will not make it home without help. Where are your rooms?'

My home was but one room. 

I was nobody - no wealth, no position. I struggled every day of my life in that single small room with only a worn black and white mosaic floor and a cooking hearth, down a narrow alley and up two flights of stairs in the Subura.

Gaius was nobody too, then; just another impoverished members of the nobiles, nothing more; and yet I saw the fire of ambition in his eyes the moment we met, and it never dimmed while he lived.

He carried me home after I fainted away, and once there, for many days, I know not how many, I slept and woke, and slept again. 

When waking, in delirium, he once asked me what had happened and I told him: I have nothing to eat. My husband has divorced me, left me with nothing far from home, disappeared. What am I to do?

In sleeping, I dreamt his eyes, watching over me in the dim gleam of the lamplight.

He sent me food by the hand of a young boy - vegetables, stews and beans - and in time I could eat again, and began to live again.

The wanting between us had been immediate and powerful. Even in my weakened state I had felt the throbbing between my legs and knew what it meant; as time passed, this need only grew, and I soon saw my feelings reflected in his face.

As I grew in strength and hope, he continued to visit me. Always briefly, lingering a few moments in the doorway to exchange a few words with me. I could see he was waiting for me, searching my face for a signal that I was ready to accept him. He could not know that during the long nights of early spring my body ached with the thought of his hands upon my skin, my pussy pulsating with desire, my fingers delving into my warmth to bring myself to completion.

We both knew the moment when it arrived.

He was standing in the doorway, his tunica a deep blue, with a matching toga about one shoulder. He was leaning against the doorframe, and in the wavering golden light cast by my single lamp, I saw for the first time the question clearly written on his face.

I was naked, and as I stood, I revealed myself to him without shame, for I knew he had come only to lay his eyes upon my flesh, the burning vision that had driven him to release many times since we had met. I saw it all in his devouring gaze as his eyes ran hungrily over my body, soft and round.

He closed the door behind himself, and turned back to me; for a brief moment he hesitated; the hesitancy of a man who wants to bury himself in the soft joy that is a woman but is afraid of the bottomless desire that he foresees will come of it. Yet he could not turn away.

Within two strides he stood but a breath away from me, but he did not touch me yet. I looked up into his face, that hunger to possess burnt from his eyes, his desire was tangible, a shiver in the air around us.

I reached up to remove his toga. He moved a hand to help, but I stopped him with a glance. He looked down into my face as I unwound the fabric from around his person, until only his tunic remained. In one swift, upward motion, he removed this, and for the first time I saw the body that would change my life.

He was muscular yet lean. I watched my own hand as I ran a finger over the slight bumpiness of a scar that ran from his mid chest to just above his right nipple, intersecting the patch of dark, soft hair that covered his chest. His nipples peaked, and his manhood stirred. I looked up, and he lowered his head, and with the force of the suppressed fire that defined him, his tongue took mine, his lips hungry and devouring.

I answered his passion with my own, my body arching greedily towards his, skin meeting skin, begging to be entered by him.

He caught me in his arms, pressed me against the wall, and with the skill of a man with much practice, he entered me smoothly, his swollen manhood filling me, stretching me, at once satisfying me and filling me with a desire for more. He began lifting and lowering, sliding deeper, easing away, then returning more deeply, until I felt his head touch my deepest point. I cried aloud with the painful pleasure of it, and he laughed, the laugh of a man dazed with passion, trying to contain the force of his own pleasure, and in a moment of restraint, he withdrew from me.

But only for a moment, for he carried me to my pallet, and laid me out before him, his eyes greedily gazing at every curve, his eyes telling me he could not imagine anything more beautiful. Then, with the barely contained power of a man struggling to control himself, he drove into me deeply, long luxuriant thrusts that made my breasts bounce, grinding himself into me, against my quim, jolts of intense pleasure racing through me.

Every grunt he made was a fresh pleasure, every move he made moved me closer to the edge, the warm well of bliss grew, expanded, consumed me, until there was only us in all the world, only the sensation of pleasure, only pure lust.

I felt the change in his manhood, deep inside of me: I felt the almost magical tingling of his cock as his seed shot deep into my pussy, and with an intense feeling of release I moaned, my body answering his with the powerfully pulsating muscles grasping at his manhood. 

He laid atop me, resting his forehead against my shoulder, the slick skin between us gleaming in the lamplight, both of us breathing raggedly. He remained inside of me, the moment of relaxed contact as the warm pulse of satisfied physicality glowed on was more sensual than anything that came before.

He looked into my face then and spoke. 'I will never tire of your perfection,' he said.

I only smiled, for all men make such declarations when lust is satisfied. I did not believe him.

We slept then. I was still not strong, and exhaustion took me, wrapped in his arms, my head cradled against his chest. The rhythm of his breathing beneath my cheek.

I was woken by his mouth on my breast, his tongue gently rolling around the nub of it, suckling slowly. Surges of pleasure coursed through me, my pussy pulsing and wet, as his fingers slowly ran up and down my slit, before easing a single fingertip inside, brushing against the bud there, swollen and eager, then gently pressing against it, slick with my own juices.

I moaned with the strength of my desire to feel his cock inside me again, and he looked up at me with delight in his eyes.

He released my nipple, and I groaned with something like sadness; but in another moment he had shifted downwards, and catching my legs over his shoulders, his mouth was sucking at my opening like a sweet, ripe fruit, while a single finger gently reached into my depths, and pressed against that most secret of places. 

I whimpered with the pleasure of it as deep, warm bliss built inside of me; he looked up at me as he suckled and lapped, until with a cry of pure joy my juices rushed into his mouth, making him groan with pleasure and gratitude.

I whimpered again, feeling his mouth leave my pussy, but in a moment his tongue was in my mouth, demanding, enticing, teasing. The taste of my pussy was on his lips, the musky smell of myself.

In a single movement he entered me again, but agonisingly slowly and gently, careful not to hurt me as my entire pussy pulsated with heightened sensitivity.

'Tell me if I hurt you,' he said, his voice kind, but thick with desire.

I placed a hand upon his cheek, and looked into his eyes as I wrapped my legs around him, opening myself up to him, inviting him more deeply into me. 

His eyes shone, and he thrust with more urgency, easing in and out, until I too was caught up in that bottomless need once more, and we strove together, his perfect swollen cock nestling in my tight sheath - I exalted in every sensation, exalted when he came, and then in his final thrusts, I was washed away by a wave of oblivion rising up to consume me.

The lamp went out, and we giggled in the darkness.

I didn't see him again for many days, until I had found a place to sell my labour, a laundry run by a woman who was old, single and bitter. 

'Are you married?' She asked. I lied and said I was. She suspected.

I thought of little else than Gaius as I fell into the new routine of my life - boiling vast cauldrons, hanging out vast lines of clothes, and folding them when they were dry. 

I was always tired, but the memory of him sustained me. My body was aching for him, my dreams taunted me; I often woke at the point of climax.

He came to me again one evening, a full moon, and as he came into the room, I saw a vision, a hovering figure behind him, a winged figure.

I did not tell him, but bit my lip, my heart racing to possess him, but I now knew that he was not mine to possess, and would never be. He was beloved of the gods, and had a grand fate that had nothing to do with me.

He seemed strangely reserved that night, as though he too knew that a turning point had come. He was more tentative, careful, tender, looking at me with awe.

He undressed me slowly, gently, as though he was taking in every curve and hollow. He traced a finger over my shoulder blades, over the regular bumps of my spine, then turning me around, he ran a finger over my collarbones, gently cupped my breasts, before sinking his head down to my neck, where he kissed and nibbled, causing my skin to pimple with pleasure. 

When he lifted his head again, he rested one hand against my face as he kissed me slowly and deeply, using the other hand to press me against himself.

He laid me down and stretched out behind me, holding me with one arm as he pressed himself against my back, burying his face in my dark hair. 

We slept.

I woke first, aware of the warmth of him pressed against my back in the darkness, my body alive to his nearness. I adjusted my position, and he woke. 

His hand drifted upwards, running across my skin in a slow sensual arc, coming to rest on my breast, where he gently teased at the nipple with his thumb, darts of desire awakening my pussy.

His cock stirred to life, his face still buried in my hair.

His hand drifted down again, and I crooked my leg so that he could more readily reach my opening with his exploring fingers. He moaned slightly, my welcome making his cock harden, thrusting against my buttocks.

I was slick with the need for him, and as he adjusted his position and drove into my pussy, I reached down and stroked my quim in time to his thrusts, moaning as his cock touched pleasure centres I did not know existed. I moaned with the sheer visceral bliss of being penetrated by him, of his warmth filling me, his groans in my ear, his breath on my neck.

He pulled out only long enough to gently turn me onto my stomach. I arched my back to allow him in, and he entered me once more, holding my hips on either side, driving himself into me.

My need for him now demanded brutal satisfaction, and I said softly, 'Do not be gentle.'

He gave a guttural groan in response, and I felt his manhood respond. 

His thrusts grew faster, and his testes slapped against my quim, causing lightning bolts of pleasure to carry me higher, until in one shattering crescendo, we both came together, a burst of pleasure that exploded through us, both of us crying out from the very depths of ourselves, our beings merged in a sea of warm delight for one perfect, glorious moment.

He left before dawn, and I felt I would not see him again.

I grew large with his child, and somehow he knew, though I had no way to tell him. He sent money by the same boy who had brought me food. There was a note the first time. It said only 'For you, and for our child.'

The child was born, a girl, with hazel eyes like her father, and dark haired like me. She was strong and healthy. I led a simple life, raising our girl, and in time, he became a pleasant memory, nothing more.

Yet, I did see him once more, many years later, on a day when the rain fell heavily, and thunder had interrupted the city's business. The gods were restless.

I crossed the forum, a place I did not normally go, sent there by the laundress to collect back payment from a clerk whose tunics were always stained with ink.

The senators were exiting the Curia, looking up at the sky resentfully or talking amongst themselves. They did not look at me, for I am nobody, with no wealth or position. 

Only one pair of hazel eyes observed my passing: Gaius, his white toga edged with purple, his lofty expression momentarily softened as our eyes met. For one long moment, he half-smiled, and I half-smiled, both of us remembering.

Then he turned to answer an enquiry from the man walking beside him, and I walked on towards the basilica, and our time had passed.