 Living in San Antonio all his life, it wasn't unusual to see young people downtown, in uniform. The training base was right outside of town and after graduation, trainees could be seen sight-seeing along the boardwalk. Their first taste of freedom, after 8 weeks of their Training Instructors yelling at them and marching everywhere they went.

It was also their first time, in 2 months, to be able to interact with the opposite sex. 

He sat at a table on the patio of the mall, watching the Riverboats loading and unloading their passengers, when he noticed her standing alone. There wasn't anything in particular that caught his eye. It was unusual to see a military graduate alone. They usually traveled in groups or pairs. He studied her as she waited in the line for the Riverboat ride. She was slightly tall at 5'7", trim and her dark hair was up to meet the military specifications, of nothing touching the collar. He watched as she shifted from one foot to the other. An obvious sign she was bored and wished to be somewhere else. He found himself drawn to her and soon he was in the line behind her. There was a slight breeze along the river and he could smell her fresh scent. A clean soap smell, yet intoxicating.

He had to see her eyes and he found himself saying, "Come here often?" She turned to him, about to dismiss him, but stopped as she looked into his deep brown eyes. His eyes were crinkled at the corners, and she knew he was joking. She gave him a lopsided grin, and a dimple appeared in her smooth cheek. She answered, "Every day." 

"Great, " he said. "You can show me around town then." She gazed at him a moment, then asked, "Where would you like to go?" He shrugged his broad shoulders and said, "What's your favorite place?"

She stood quiet for a moment. He could tell she was sizing him up. Trying to decide if he was a danger or a friend. He saw when she decided he was a friend. Her posture relaxed some and her voice was a little more friendly. "How about the Ripley's and wax museum?" He smiled and said, "I would love to go there. Let's go." She followed as he turned away and started walking. He kept a quick pace, not realizing it. When he did notice, he turned to see how she was doing and found her right beside him. She glanced at him and smiled, "You may like running a marathon, but I've been running everywhere for the past 8 weeks. Mind if we slow the pace a little?" He grinned sheepishly and said, "Sorry." 

He slowed so his steps were smaller and she didn't have to feel like she was being rushed. "By the way, I'm Beth." He grinned, "Mike." They talked about where they were from, and other small talk. They entered the cool building, to be greeted by the roaring likeness of a T-Rex. They laughed and walked to the ticket booth, paid their admission fee, and walked down the stairs to the Ripley's museum. They wandered up and down the corridors, pointing and laughing at some of the displays. They had some good laughs at the end where there were tombstones, with funny epitaphs. They came back up the stairs and got a drink. Sitting down to enjoy the refreshing fluids of their cokes and talking some more.

Soon they were finished and entered the wax museum. It was over all too soon, he thought. Surprised to find that he was truly enjoying Beth's company. He asked if she would like to catch a movie, and she agreed. She said that she still had several hours before needing to return before curfew. Feeling a little disappointed, knowing that their time was almost over, he nodded led the way back to the mall. The opening previews had started already, so they found their seats in the dark.

About 15 minutes into the movie, Mike knew it was a flop. He turned to see if Beth was really interested in it, and saw that her head was resting on the back of her seat and her eyes were closed. Mike bumped her elbow off the armrest, and laughed when she sat bolt upright. She turned to him and stuck her tongue out at him. He leaned closer so he wouldn't disturb the other movie-goers, and said, "No fair. I was at least trying to stay awake." She mumbled, "Sorry." Mike stood up, "Come on. Let's get out of here." Beth gladly got up and followed him. They walked out into the bright lobby. Mike pulling her by the hand. They laughed and kept walking. Mike kept her hand in his and felt a tingle go up his spine. He stopped and looked at Beth, and she stepped a little closer. She smiled shyly, but kept a hold of his hand. He squeezed her hand and led her through the mall. 

Without a word, he led her back out to the Riverwalk and walked a ways to a quiet secluded spot. He sat Beth on a stone bench situated under a stone bridge. He sat next to her and pulled her closer. Mike put his arm around her waist and leaned closer so his lips lingered over hers. Giving Beth a chance to pull away. Instead she leaned closer so their lips met in a gentle exploration. 

Mike pressed his lips closer and opened his lips slightly and ran the tips of his tongue over Beth's lips. Her lips parted on a sigh and Mike pressed his tongue through and slowly began exploring the velvet interior of her warm mouth. Beth's tongue gently dueled with Mike's, as they each shifted to get a better angle to deepen the kiss. Mike moaned as a felt Beth's hands run over his shoulders, then down to his waist. He felt her lift his shirt out of the waist of his jeans and her cool hands touched the bare skin of his back. Mike let his hands unbutton Beth's blazer and then gently cup her breasts. Beth moaned into Mike's mouth and the kiss became more passionate. Beth's hands roamed to the front of Mike's jeans until her open hand cupped the growing bulge under the zipper. 

Mike moaned and Beth pressed her hand harder against his hard dick. Mike pulled his lips from hers and moaned, "You keep that up and there won't be any turning back." Beth leaned closer, unfastening his jeans and said, "That was the idea." Beth pulled Mike's dick out of his pants and slowly stroked it in her hand. Her blue eyes looked into his brown ones, as she spoke, "I don't normally fuck a guy I just met, but I've GOT to have your dick in my pussy." She leaned towards Mike and kissed him as her hand stroked his cock. Now using his pre-cum to make her strokes smoother. Mike squeezed her breasts for a few moments, then unbuttoned her blouse. He lowered her bra so he could see her bare tits, and Beth's nipples hardened as the cooler air hit them.

Mike broke the kiss and lowered his head so his lips closed around a nipple. Beth gasped at the first touch of his tongue on her hard nipple. Mike sucked it into his mouth and let his tongue twirl around the hard flesh. Beth moaned and arched her back so more of her breast was pressed into Mike's mouth. He took the other nipple into his mouth and rolled the first between his fingers. Beth moaned again and gasped as she could feel her pussy getting wet and tingling, in anticipation. Mike's free hand trailed down the front of Beth's skirt and then up under the hem. Feeling the smooth bareness of her thigh, as his hand lifted her skirt higher, and her thighs parted wider.

Mike's hand reached the apex of her thighs and he could feel the wetness from her pussy. He ran his fingers over the covered mound of her lips, and rubbed gently. Beth's moans and parting of her thighs encouraged Mike more. He pulled Beth's panties to the side so he could touch her pussy. The combination of Mike's mouth suckling on her breast and his fingers touching her bare pussy drive Beth crazy. Mike can feel her wetness, as she presses her face into his neck to muffle her moans as they grow louder. Mike presses his fingers against her moist lips, then lets a finger slip into her moist folds. He pumps his finger in her pussy for a few moments, but knows that neither of them can wait much longer.

Grasping Beth's waist, Mike pulls her up so she stands before him. He lifts her skirt to her waist and then pulls the crotch of her panties to the side. Beth lowers herself to straddle his hips as he holds the panties out of the way. The head of his cock presses against her moist folds and she pushes down. His hard dick slowly pushes into her wet, tight pussy. Beth slowly moves up and down. Letting more of Mike's cock enter her. Finally, his entire 7" is filling her pussy. They kiss as they begin to move together. Mike uses his hands to help Beth move on his cock. Soon their bodies are moving faster. Mike pumping his cock hard into Beth's hot pussy. Beth's moans are just barely soft enough to not draw someone's attention. Mike was near to cumming and could feel Beth's pussy muscles begin to spasm on his cock. 

Beth's hips press harder onto Mike's and their strokes increase. Beth leans close to Mike's ear and whispers, "I'm cumming, Mike. Ooooh, god, I'm cumminggggg." Mike felt Beth's pussy squeeze his cock as her orgasm ripped through her. He could feel her juices running over his cock and balls, then he gritted his teeth as his cum shot deep into Beth's pussy. He moaned as each spasm emptied into her. 

Leaning against each other, they begin to relax, and kiss. Mike whispers, "I wish you didn't have to leave." Beth kissed him and answered, "I'll keep in touch. This doesn't have to be our only time."