 I sat on the stool at the bar, slamming down my fourth of fifth, maybe even sixth, Captain and Coke. God, that dress was unbearable. I wanted nothing more to rip off the frilly sunflower yellow material squeezing my sides like a corset. I asked the bartender for another and he cocked his head at me.

"Don't judge me," I snapped. And he went back to pouring another drink.

It was my sister's wedding. The other bridesmaids were on the dance floor, groomsmen letting loose, my sister dancing away with her guests. I took another swig of the cold drink and groaned, letting my head fall in my hands, elbows propped on the bar counter.

"Hannah?" I heard a soft voice ask. I looked up to see my brother-in-law, his blue eyes full of concern. "Are you okay?"

I sat up straight. "Totally." Another gulp.

Sam looked over at the bartender to motion that I've had enough and the bald man nodded in agreement.

"You're drunk," he said.

"Am not." Truth was, I wasn't even close to being drunk. Ten more of these and maybe, just maybe I could be intoxicated enough to numb the pain stabbing at my heart. And then, I reasoned, I could go up to Sam's cousin, the decent looking one with a full head of hair, and tell him we should fuck. Just like that. That's how I'd say it: Hey Jeremy, let's fuck.

Sam stroked his long fingers against my back. "You sure?"

"Yes," I muttered, and raised the glass to my lips again. Why couldn't he just leave me alone? Wasn't it bad enough he married my sister? He knew how crazy I was about him. He knew how high maintenance Hayley was. He knew my sister would have it all--a couple of kids, a big house with a white picket fence, a dog named Spot and the life I'd always dreamed of...with the man I'd always dreamed of.

Sam worked for my father, the president of a small company that manufactured glass. Sam had quickly worked his way up the ladder, which impressed my dad immensely. He invited Sam over for dinner one evening in the fall, and my sister had pounced on him like a panther would attack unsuspecting prey. And who could blame him? She was beautiful. Hayley had always been beautiful. Prom queen. Voted best smile. Captain of the cheerleading squad. The only reason people know I existed in high school was because I was Hayley Daniels' little sister.

I sighed and stood up, turning around to face the crowd of dancers, resting against my elbows on the bar. Sam stood by, too, his concerning eyes studied me carefully.

"Go enjoy your wedding," I forced a smile and he mustered one back, but neither of us meant it. His blue eyes had glazed over with some other emotion--pity, maybe? Understanding that we couldn't be together? Isn't that what he had said only days ago?

Sam squeezed my hand. "I'm sorry, Hannah." His bow was untied and the top two buttons on his tux were undone, too. I half-smiled and gazed into his eyes for a moment before letting them linger over his body. Sam was...hot. No way around it. He was gorgeous. His floppy brown curls fell on his soft face, that square jaw dawned soft stubble, his pink lips pressed in a soft line. I sighed again, studying his face, the face of the man I was in love with.

"I better go ask Jeremy to dance," I said, standing tall, pressed the wrinkles out of my dress and offered Sam the fakest smile my lips would give. He pushed my blond tousled curls out of my face, and let his thumb rest against my cheek.

"Please don't." His voice was weaker now, his face fell into a frown. God, how could even a frown be sexy? "You're too good for him."

"It doesn't matter, Sam." I offered. "You're married. To my sister. For life." I emphasized and pointed back to her. The rest of the party seemed oblivious to the two of us.

He groaned. "I had to, Han. We've been over this." And I know he did. He couldn't just not marry her. It was the next logical step. He certainly couldn't break up with one sister and marry the other. And he would inherit my dad's company...the entanglements were endless.

"Still stings," I told him, tears trying to prick my hazel eyes. "So let me go dance with Jeremy. And have uninhibited sex with him, so for tonight, I can just forget what really happened." I started to walk, but Sam's arm grabbed me before I could make it any further.

I turned around, a scowl on my face. "Sam, really!" I raised my voice to protest, but he led me out of the hotel's ballroom and into the hallway. He pressed me against the wall in the lobby, his hands on either side of my shoulders. My heart was racing.

"Hannah, I said no."

My mouth went dry. I felt like my heart was going to jump out of my chest and my knees would give out. Of all the close contact I'd had with Sam, why was this different?

"You," I got out before licking my lips, "You aren't my husband." His blue eyes burned like I had never seen them before. I didn't even know what it meant. He grabbed my hand and pulled me, led me down the hallway to the elevators and pressed the button to go up.

"What are you doing?" I asked in a hushed whisper.

He didn't react, just waited for the elevator, squeezing my hand, leading me in behind him. He pressed the button for the 19th floor, where his honeymoon suite was located.

"What--" was all I got out before he pinned me against the elevator wall. His nose was pressed to mine, his fingers traced my jaw line, his lips were only inches from mine. I gulped, my breath had quickened.

"You're so beautiful," he muttered, his lips close to my ear then, his hands ran through my curls until he found the holder and let my hair fall against my shoulders. I had heard the words often, but when Sam said it, I believed it. Oh my god, my heart was pounding out of my chest, this cannot be happening.

All that time my sister dated Sam, never did he come so close. We exchanged heated glances, flirted with suggestive texts, sent a few intimate photos. The night he confided in me about my sister's low sex drive had left me hot and bothered...just like right now.

The elevator doors flung open and he led me down the hall to the room. He swiped his key and swooped me up, like a groom carrying his bride through a threshold. Oh god, it was so wrong, but so incredibly hot...

Sam let me fall to my feet before he walked over to reveal the city skyline. It was breathtaking. I stood in awe of the view while Sam towered behind me, his fingers unzipping the dress, letting me breathe for the first time in hours. I shimmied out of the gown and stood in a lacy white strapless bra and matching hipster panties. Sam placed a soft kiss on my shoulder while his fingers explored every inch of my exposed flesh. There was a burning in between my thighs that grew stronger and more demanding with every passing second. Sam hooked his thumbs under my panties at my hips and pushed them down gently, touching the curve of my backside as he did. He knelt behind me, kissing his way down, nuzzling against me. He placed kisses on either cheek and as my panties reached my feet, he nudged my ankles to step out of them. I complied, too numb to protest, too entranced by him to stop. I felt his erection dig into my hip as he stood beside me, unhooking my bra and letting it gently fall to the ground, where my panties lay.

"Turn." He breathed, huskily, wantonness in his voice. I turned to face him, his eyes locked on mine for a moment before he placed a soft, chaste kiss on my lips. His fingers were on my shoulders, drawing imaginary lines down my chest, around my breasts, his thumbs brushed over my nipples, which perked up at the attention. Christ, I wanted him so badly. My fingers instinctively reached for his crotch and he gave a soft groan as I did. I stepped closer to him, his hands kneading my breasts, as I unbuttoned his pants, unzipped him and felt his cock throbbing. I pulled him into my hands, wrapping them around his length and he filled my hands completely as he stepped out of his pants.

"Photos don't do you justice," I mumbled, my lips biting at his neck, one hand moving from his cock, up his tight stomach to rub his nipple gently. He let out a hiss and moved his hand to the back of my neck, forcing me to look into his blazing blue eyes. 

"You have no idea how long I've wanted you," he breathed, and with that, picked me up, while I kicked off my heels, and carried me over to the king bed where he would lay next to my sister hours later. He kissed me, his tongue explored my mouth, my tongue danced against his, massaging each other, speaking a language of their own, as I started to unbutton the rest of his shirt. I pushed his shirt off his shoulders and he slipped out of his boxers. My hands moved to his hair, twisting knots in it as he kissed me, and then I felt it. His fingers tracing along my bare pussy lips, teasing me gently, torturing me slowly. I was wet with excitement and his fingers danced along my slit, not giving me the pleasure it so achingly needed.

I pulled away from his mouth for a minute. "Please, Sam," I begged and he slipped two fingers inside of the juicy hole he dreamed of. I moaned into his mouth, encouraging him that he felt good there. He tread carefully, pulling his fingers meticulously in and out of me, sliding around, his thumb strumming my clit. My whole body responded in pleasure, every last inch of me feeling on fire. Good god this was fantastic...

He pulled his fingers out of me a minute and offered them to my lips. I smiled and sucked hungrily, tasting myself on his fingers and he grinned, flashing that lovable smile at me, before leaning down to kiss me, tasting me, my pussy and his saliva on my lips.

Sam slowly crept down my body, sinking to his knees, pulling me by my thighs to the edge of the bed. He nudged my legs open wider and licked at my ankle, my calf, the back of my knee to my inner thigh. He told me once my sister hated him going down on her, but it was a pleasure he enjoyed immensely. I was not about to disappoint...

Back to reality. He kissed my pouty pussy lips and swirled his tongue around the outside before taking his fingers to spread me open. I fought the urge to moan out, but he quickly dived his tongue into me, darting in and out, tonguefucking me. I lost it. I lost all control of my body. I moaned loudly, grabbed the sheets on his wedding bed as he ate hungrily, sucking at my pussy, his tongue moving to flick against my hardened clit. I wouldn't last long. I was going to come soon. He worked harder, slipping a finger inside me while he nibbled at my clit. This was heaven. He replaced his tongue with his thumb, rubbing small circles on my aching clit while he licked his way back down...but he didn't stop. He pulled me closer, his nose resting on top of my pussy, and darted his tongue against my ass.

"Oh my god!" I squealed, my body instantly moving away from him, but his hands were digging into my hips.

"Stay," he ordered and his tongue traced circles gently outside of my puckered hole. Jesus, it was such a foreign feeling....but it felt so good. He dipped his tongue back in, sank two fingers inside of my pussy and worked at me.

"S-Sam," I stuttered, feeling my body start to rise against him.

"Yes, baby," he growled, licking back up to my pussy, and sinking one finger into my tight ass opening. I groaned, and he fervently began to lap at my clit, one finger in my ass, two in my pussy and he munched hungrily. I was going to come.

"I'm gonna---I'm gonnaaa..." I moaned, feeling my climax building, the feeling of my holes being filled too much for my body to take. My hips bucked against him, the muscles in my belly clenched and I faintly remember my eyes rolling to the back of my head. "Cumming!" I yelled, my feet kicking against him as he held tight to me, drinking me in, each lap of his tongue sending shock waves through my body. I shook violently, feeling so completely full of pleasure, so completely in need of that release, my heart racing, my face was flushed. I couldn't catch my breath for what seemed like ages, but as I jerked away, Sam kept his face pressed there until I stopped shaking.

Slowly, he climbed back on top of me and kissed me. What a snowball of a kiss it was. The taste of my juices in his mouth---it was enough to make me want to come again. I pushed up against him, and wrestled him momentarily, until I was on top of him, my hips straddling his, pushing his hands above his head. I kissed his lips and jaw and neck and chest and licked my down his flat tummy until his eager erection met my lips.

"Hannah-" he whispered, my lips wrapping around his cock, just to wet his head with saliva. This was something else my sister didn't do, I remembered. I wrapped my hand around the base of his dick and licked him, slowly. Every lick sent a reflex to his cock, which moved in my hand to my pleasure. I stroked him slowly, feeling moisture seep out and wiped that gently off with my finger, licking it off of my index, looked at him and bit my lip. His hips moved under my mouth and his cock throbbed...hard. He was aching for me.

"Please." It wasn't a request so much as a command. A command to relieve him. I dove in, my mouth glued to his cock, sucking, licking, swirling my tongue around him, saliva slipping out past my tongue, dribbling onto my chin. My hand stroked him simultaneously, furiously, I wanted to taste him so badly.

"Agggh," escaped his lips when I moved my free hand down to gently cup his heavy cum-filled balls. I looked up at him, and he moved to sit up, to look into my eyes as I sucked him off.

"Coming soon," he breathed, his hands pressed to the back of my head, guiding him into my mouth deeper, letting his cockhead hit the back of my throat. I grinned with a mouth full of cock, looking up at him. He was biting his lip, too. Christ...so hot. I assaulted his cock with my mouth, and sucked at him hard, longingly, and he moaned, I felt his cock twitch against my tongue.

"Now!" He growled, and a flood of hot cum poured into my mouth. I wrapped my lips tighter around him, not letting any of his seed escape. I swallowed and swallowed as it continued to pour out an endless supply of semen. I licked his head clean and kissed him slowly, snaking my way back up to his lips, and kissed him. He still tasted like me and I pushed my tongue, coated with his cum, into his mouth and our tongues meshed against each other, savoring our oral sex.

I pulled away, finally, collapsing on the bed next to him, my head resting on his chest. He brushed my hair back and placed a sweet kiss on my forehead.

"I love you, Hannah." I opened my mouth to return the sentiment, but at that very moment, there was a movement of the doorknob.

"Sammy," we heard my sister's voice coo. "Unlock the deadbolt, baby. Are you okay?"

* * *