 The lines on my face were getting deeper by the day, the ocean kept rolling in and out pulling sand off of the beach and I was alone again. The woman I had been living with couldn't handle any more of me she was brilliant and mad she cursed and cried every night, she would throw things and shatter windows but she couldn't take me anymore. 

It wasn't her fault I had been alone too long, I knew what was out there, how good the world was at destroying so I found a place inside of myself where the destruction came a little easier. She needed someone who needed her too, someone who would sit across from a small table with her in the mornings and tell her how fine everything all was. But it wasn't me. 

She packed all of her things into little boxes that I helped load onto the truck. She cried the entire time and I knew if I would've asked her to stay all of the boxes would have been taken off the truck and back into our flat but she took one on the chin by loving me and deserved someone better, new hands new, eyes, someone worth saving. I never saw her again.

My first night alone was rough I had gotten tired of sticking it to the same woman every night so I drank off a bottle of cheap port wine flagged down a taxi and had him take my straight to the bar across town. All the ones on my side of town were too depressing I lived in the slums and the demented and depraved swarmed me like flies. They saw something in me, they liked me but I had to get away. 

The bar was an open air lounge set on a patio over looking the city. The music was bad and the people all looked dull and frustrated, there was no fire, they frightened me so I tried to get drunk as fast as I could. At the edge of the bar was a chubby girl of about 20 she was the best I could do so I ordered another beer and had the bartender bring her another of whatever she was having and walked over. Her eyes were kind and the tiki torches lit them well so I sat down and decided to try my luck. 

She told me that I wasn't the kind of man she was liked, she liked handsome men but she accepted the drink and I bought her another. We sat in silence for some time until she scooted over close to me and asked if I wanted to get out of there. I drained my Bourbon, paid and we left. 

My mind was swimming in all of the alcohol and I hadn't had a good fuck in 3 nights so I told her I wanted to sit in the park to rest my feet. She followed me to a bench at the back of the park and sat down close beside me. I was suffocating in my own lust and without thinking pushed her dress up to look at her panties. She pushed my hands away shocked and straightened her skirt. I could tell she wanted to leave but I didn't care I pushed my hands between her thighs and began stroking her pussy with my middle finger. 

"What are you doing? Please, oh, stop."

"Relax baby just let me make you feel good."

She tried fighting but she opened her legs to give me a better reach. 

"Please you really should stop."

"Like I said baby relax."

She was soaking through her panties and wasn't trying to fight so I stood up and pushed my cock into her face. Her hand replaced mine on her pussy and she accepted me into her mouth without any hesitation but it was no good. Her teeth gnawed at the sides of my shaft mercilessly. She pulled out one of her enormous tits and was working her nipple between her fingers while still finger fucking the crotch of her white cotton panties. I couldn't take anymore of the abuse of her teeth so I put her on her stomach flat on the bench and pulled the dress up over her ass. 

I pulled off her panties and stuck them in my coat pocket and before she could do anything I shoved my face into her big pale ass I was lapping like a dog cock in hand when I felt her first orgasm she heaved like an animal throwing her ass back into me almost breaking my nose. I got on my knees behind her And forced myself against her wetness until I felt myself slide past her lips and began thrusting. I slapped bruises on her ass and yanked at her hair while she rubbed violently at her clit until I felt my own orgasm coming. 

I was fucking her in short hateful strokes pulling her ass open wide, I spit on her asshole and tried to push into it but my cum dribbled weakly down into her pussy and onto the bench below us. I laid my throbbing deflated cock between her buttocks and squeezed them around it. I jacked myself off in her ass few several minutes while she lay there quietly. I shot my second load between her ass and climbed off. 

I walked her back to the bar without saying anything else to her and went back home.