 The candles flickering in the background, along with the soft jazz emanating from hidden speakers, create a romantic atmosphere for two people already consumed with desire for one another. Black lingerie and a provocative perfume complete the scene...all that's needed now is the act... 

You gently ease me onto the huge bed, taking care to brush my hair back from my face, gently, with just your fingertips brushing my skin. Your touch is so soothing, yet at the same time electric, sending waves of pleasure coursing through my entire being. You lie down beside me, turned on your side so that we may kiss, and gaze intently into my eyes, wide with anticipation of what is to come. You smooth your hand over my cheek, tracing the outline of my jaw, and lift my chin to meet your parted lips. 

Your kisses are gentle, yet urgent...your passion stirs and begins to awake. Your tongue whispers messages of desire to mine, softly probing, tickling past mine with feather-light strokes. Your hand finds its way to my breast, encased in black lace and satin, your favorite combination. You squeeze the flesh tenderly, just enough friction to make the nipple harden. Pulling the lace down to expose the pink nub, you grin at me crookedly...I know this is the part you love. Your tongue traces circles around my erect button, and then you take as much of me into your mouth as you possibly can, filling yourself with the silken skin. 

I move my hand to your cock, still imprisoned in the silk boxers that look so sexy on you. I feel your rigidity, and it pleases me...to know that you want me so much already. I lightly tease you through the material, tracing the outline of you with just a finger. Drawing circles where the sensitive head is, I wait for the moment that it feels too good, and you suck in your breath, before I stop. 

I gaze into your eyes, see into your soul, know that the feeling is mutual, and move on. I slip my hand inside the waistband and feel you retreat just a little. I love it that you are so ticklish there...it makes things more interesting. Feeling your hardness excites me even more, and a small sigh escapes from my lips as I softly stroke the length of your shaft... 

I move the shorts away from the prize within, and lean down to make the stakes a little higher. I chance a quick glance up at your face, to see the pleasure and excitement building, before I move on...With just the tip of my tongue, I lick your rock-hard cock from base to tip...linger there for as long as you will allow, then begin, oh, so slowly, to take you far into my mouth. You're so full, so engorged at this moment that I can't even take the full length of you...but then, that doesn't deter me. I keep going down, farther, and farther still, opening my mouth wide to take you all inside. Slowly, gently, moving my head up.... and down.... up.... and down.... 

A moan escapes your lips as the feeling overtakes you. You could come so easily at this moment..."Not yet," you whisper, even though I know how badly you need that release. I pull back, move up to kiss you again, this time no gentleness, only raging passion, our tongues accosting each other in a fierce battle. I can't get enough of your lips...the fullness of them, their supple texture...the pure sensuality they emit. 

My hand finds its way once again to your tool, and I grasp you firmly, stroking you until I see a glistening drop of your sweet juice appear on the head...you jump just a little as I deftly whisk it away with a flick of the tongue... 

In one smooth motion, you are astride me, my legs spread wide with you between them...I couldn't move, even if I wanted to...you are so strong, especially at times like this one, times when you want to have your way with me. You lean over and start untying the tiny ribbon bows that are holding together the front of my teddy. Odd for you, you start at the bottom and work your way up...I am so used to your releasing my breasts first so you can play...but not tonight...tonight you want to waste no time playing. You want the tight, hot folds of my box encircling that throbbing meat, grasping it tighter and tighter.... 

Slipping the thin satin straps over my shoulders to reveal my full, heaving bosom, you caress me with your eyes, taking in the view as if it's the first time...it always feels like the first time with you, because every encounter is so deliciously special. Once you see me lying there, fully naked, exposed skin glistening in the candlelight, your will to take things slowly is weakened...you rush to remove your boxers so that you may feel the slippery, soft tunnel you have come to call home...feel it, and fill it. 

You plunge two fingers inside, wanting to be sure that I am ready for you. I gasp at the suddenness of it, though I am already dripping with juices in anticipation of what is to come. You work your fingers around inside me, toying with the spot you know drives me wild, pulling out when I start to grind back....no, we will come together, just as we always do....share the moment of ecstasy with one another in the ultimate culmination of our love. 

I want you so badly at this moment that I can no longer stand to be without you, and I grasp your butt cheeks and draw you into me, slowly, feeling every.....single.....inch.....as we sink together into the abyss. You hold your breath the entire time, exhaling only when you are fully submerged inside me, savoring this fine moment of total joy...ahhhhh, to have you filling me is heaven....... 

Your movement startles me, a flex of muscles inside my wetness....and I flex back, grasping you tightly with my walls. You lean in and begin to move, gently kissing my neck with each thrust of your hips against mine. Feeling your hot breath on my neck is making me wild with passion, making me want to scream out for you to take me there, take me to the place we both want to be....but I hold back, I have waited too long for this night, waited in my dreams...... 

You position yourself so that my legs are drawn wide, opening me fully to allow you access...you lift up my ass and slide a pillow underneath to raise my hips up to your level.....then you begin to rain down a torrent of quick, hard thrusts, going so far inside me I think I will surely explode. I feel the head of your cock knocking at the door to my womb.....let me in, let me in......it seems to chant. If I could open any further for you, I would...I'd gladly let you crawl inside of me and fill me even fuller... 

This pounding goes on for some time, each thrust making it more and more difficult for me to keep my cool...I want to come, to tighten around you and work the luscious cream from you. Oh...God...yes...it's building, gaining momentum like a runaway train on a downhill track...I know the end is near, as I hear you catch your breath..."Come with me, baby"...from behind clenched teeth...Ah, yes...there it is... 

The convulsions rack my body as the muscles contract...at this moment, there is nothing...only the blissful tingling that envelops my nerve endings...running from head to toe and back again...At that precise instant, I feel the warmth of you filling me to the brink, flooding me with your emotion...I grasp you tighter, digging my nails into your rear and pulling you even closer to me...savor the moment, let it wash over us...mmmmmmm. 

You collapse onto the pillow behind me, your energy gone. "I love you," you whisper softly in my ear. We lie there for a few moments, unwilling and unable to let go...then you lose your hardness and slip away. You roll to the side, and turn once again to kiss me, deeply, meaningfully...stroke my shoulder with your fingertips, tracing hearts on my skin... 

"I love the way you look afterwards," you tell me. "The way your eyes glow, the way your skin glistens with a sheen of perspiration, the way your hair is mussed...you are beautiful to me." I will remember these words later, when we are doing something totally unrelated to this act of love, and the warm, fuzzy feeling in my stomach will return to satisfy me. 

As sleep overcomes our will to remain connected in the moment, you pull me closer to you and I nuzzle my face in the hollow of your neck. I begin to drift off, a hint of a smile playing on my lips, and know that my dreams will be of you...