 Welcome to Chapter III of our story where Molly and Troy begin working out the details of their relationship and end with Troy holding back a single, very important secret. Along the way, Troy learns to savor the flavor of cum, especially when it's been mixed inside of Molly. Enjoy!




Troy and Molly used his bed for their lovemaking. Their lust and passion for the simple act of fucking felt novel and special. After Troy came, he went down on her. She didn't ask him to do it. Nor was it something he had done to her before; he just did it, delighting in the mixture of him and her. After another of Molly's orgasms, he slid beside her, basking in the afterglow.

Molly rested he hand on his spent cock. It felt good there, not in a sexual way, but in an intimate way. He caressed her chest for the same reason. "I lied to you," she said

"Oh?" he asked, unconcerned that her lie could be terrible.

"Alex never was the best at going down on me," she said. "I just said that... I don't know why. I just did." Troy considered her confession for a moment. He remembered his spiteful reply. He told her Brian was the best blow job he ever had. Molly remembered, too. It was her next question. "Was he the best?"

"I don't know," Troy allowed. "It felt good, but I was drunk and lonely." He thought about it a bit deeper. "I think some of the thrill was knowing what we were doing was wrong. We could have gotten kicked out of the military for doing it." They were quiet for a moment, just breathing next to each other. 

"Today was good. You were so sexy."

"It was trippy," he admitted, actively avoiding thinking about it in greater detail. But Molly wouldn't let it go. 

"Did you have fun?"

"Yeah," he said, unsure what that meant. Was it wrong to admit he had fun sucking cock? Wrong to say he liked being watched while he did it? Or how much he enjoyed the taste of cum on his tongue? He owed her more of an answer, but didn't know how to give it. "I liked it," he said.

"Liked what?" she asked, turning to face him. She bent her arm and propped herself up on her hand.

"All of it."

"Sucking cock? Did you like doing that?"

His cock betrayed him with a sympathetic contraction he knew she had felt. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her smile.

"Say it. Tell me you like sucking cock."

"Fuck you."

"You already did, but I'm game for you to do it again."

"Get me hard and I will."

"Tell me you like sucking cock."

"No."

"Then tell me why you won't say it."

"Because I don't want to be gay."

Molly burst out laughing. Catching herself, she tried to draw it in but had a difficult time doing it. "Fuck! I love this man!" she yelled out.

The way she said it worried Troy. Love was a word that had slipped into their lexicon around the six month point. It was said in passion or in the moments immediately following an especially good orgasm. After he said it the first time, Troy had qualified it. Instead of saying "I love you," he had substituted "I love liking you." Later, Molly borrowed the phrase from him, repeating it to him. Assumed they were straight on what the word meant, it was okay for it to slip out now and then. But hearing her shout it out felt different. This was a moment of passion, it was a quiet conversation. She sounded as if she meant it.

"I liked being watched," he blurted out, swimming in unexplored waters in an effort to pull away from the L word.

"Wow, really?"

He nodded, adding, "And I liked watching you stroke Alex while I was, um, doing stuff."

"You mean, while you were sucking cock, right?"

"Yeah, but it was cool seeing you touch him, making him for me."

"For you to suck."

"For me to suck for you," he qualified.

"And for Karen. She was so excited."

"Did it bother you when I fucked her?" he asked, looking at her, studying her face to make sure her words matched her expression.

"No," she said, looking as if she meant it. "I don't know why. Maybe because I've seen Karen fuck before."

"So you trust her."

"I trust you more," she said, giving his cock and balls a gentle, intimate squeeze. "Did it bother you when Alex kissed me?"

"No," Troy admitted, thinking it through. "I guess I knew it didn't mean anything to you."

"Wasn't doing anything for me, either. He's just not a good kisser."

"So you've said," he reminded her. They never did a full history. They accepted they both had a past, but bits and pieces had slipped out along the way. 

"I'm sorry I lied to you about him." Her voice was small and quiet.

"It's okay," he said, sealing his words with a kiss on her shoulder.

"I don't want there to be anymore secrets between us."

"Okay," Troy said, laying back to stare again at his ceiling. He wondered if he had any secrets left to tell her. He couldn't think of any.

"I love you," she said in the same small and quiet voice as her apology.

"I like sucking cock," he announced, saying the words he wouldn't say earlier to avoid addressing what she said. Hoping it wouldn't show, he added, "And I like when they cum in my mouth. I like how it feels... and tastes." 

Molly giggled. "Now tell me you're a fag."

"I am for you."

"Mm, good answer," she said, rolling on her side and propping up her head. "Say it."

"I'm a cocksucking cumslut for you." As she kissed him, he felt his cock stir beneath her hand as he felt the weight of truth in his words. He had admitted to her things he had yet to admit to himself. It didn't change the validity of his words. 

"No more secrets, okay?" she asked, staring in his eyes this time.

"I don't think I have any left," he said, but he caught the way her eyes flickered away from his. "Okay, what's yours?"

"I don't know if it's a real secret," she said before her eyes slipped away from his again. She licked her lips. "I want today to happen again. Maybe not with Karen, Nelson, and Alex, but it really got to me. I really like seeing you sucking dick. Is that wrong?" At least her gaze ended on his eyes again. He saw the worried look on her face.

He shrugged, substituting his own question for hers. "Why?"

"I don't know. Because I love dick and I think everyone should?" she said before shaking her head. "No. Well, maybe yes, but I think there's more. I mean, I know you're straight. You're like a manly man, a real man." Troy didn't know what that meant, but he wasn't going to interrupt her as she worked it out. "And that makes it sexier to see you with a fat cock between your lips. Like you said with Brian, maybe because it's wrong, I don't know. I just love it. Feel how wet it makes me."

His hand slipped from its place on her tits, across her flat stomach and between her legs. She was warm and wet, like before, but why wouldn't she be? Instead of questioning how she felt, he slipped a finger inside her slit. "I want to suck dick for you again."

"Stop it," she said, a small smile tugging at her lips.

"Go get Kong," he told her.

Molly scrambled out of bed, returning a moment later with the big sex toy and handing it to him. "Tell me what you want again," he said, already playing the tip of the fake, latex cock against her pussy.

"I want to see you suck dick again?" she offered.

"Mm, and I want to do it, too," he told her. He worked the toy inside of her. "I want to be your cumslut. I want to see you stroking some man, making him hard for me, and then I'm going to pull his big cock inside my mouth and suck him until he comes."

"Oh fuck," she moaned, gyrating against the toy. 

He rolled a hard nipple between his fingers, enjoying her reaction. "I want to suck all the cock for you. And I want you to make them ready for me. I want to see you stroke, suck, or fuck them. Make them hard for me, baby. Make them hard for me to suck."

Her hand grabbed his cock, squeezing and pulling on it. "You're hard right now."

"For you," he told her, working Kong deeper. "Because I want to be your cumslut. I want to eat cum from your pussy instead of Karen's. I want everyone to see me sucking cock for you. Karen, your girlfriends, I don't care who."

"Oh fuck," she moaned again.

"I want men to cum on you, coating you in cum, and I'll lick you clean. I don't care where they cum on you." He illustrated his words by licking her tit, his tongue flat against her flesh as if he was giving her cat bath. "Jerk them off for me, baby. Make them cum on you. Suck them." He accentuated every phrase with another lick on her body, between her tits, her neck, and her stomach. "And I promise I will be so fucking hard while I do it. Just like now. Hard and needy. Needy for you. Needy for cock. Needy to show-off for you."

Molly's body went stiff before she quivered and shook with her orgasm. She thrashed next to him, jerking with orgasmic contractions that racked her body until she waved away the toy he used inside of her. "Oh fuck," she moaned, panting out the words as she sucked in deep breaths. "Fucking marry me already."

Troy laughed, surprised by her words. He kissed her to take the edge of his sudden burst of laughter. "Your boyfriend's a fag."

"Your girlfriend is a slut."

"Then we're perfect for each other," he said and kissed her again before laying next to her, watching her breathing ebb back to normal.

"That was intense," she purred, rubbing his hard cock. "Which part of it did you mean?"

"All of it."

"Careful or I'll believe you," she said, scissoring her legs over him. Positioned on top of him, she put her hands on his chest and smirked at him. Clenching her pussy muscles, she gripped his cock as she rocked. It was a sensation unique to her and he loved feeling it. 

"What if you should?"

"You're not the only one who can talk dirty."

"Prove it."

Leaning over, she kissed him. Her hair was matted with sweat to the sides of her face. A soft sheen covered her body and she looked beautiful to him. "I know lots of men," she teased. "What if I came home with a pussy full of cum, would you like that, cumslut?" Troy's cock throbbed inside of her, giving her the answer she needed. She smile again. "Oh, you would like that, wouldn't you? Do you want to know he's fucking me? Would that get you off?" Another throb as Troy didn't bother with more of answer. "Maybe I should let you watch me fuck him, would that be good, too?"

"Fuck you," he muttered.

"I am," she smiled. "And you feel good. You feel best. Can I fuck other guys?"

Troy refused to answer, but was betrayed by his cock.

"What if I promise I'll only fuck them for you?"

"Better," he said, feeling himself sinking deeper into quicksand he never saw. What was wrong with him? Is this really want he wanted?

"I could invite you over to suck cock for my girlfriends," she said, wiggling on his cock. "I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?"

"Stop it," he moaned, confused as he felt his excitement growing past the thrill he should feel after four previous orgasms. What was she doing to him? How was she doing it? He felt his control slipping farther away.

Molly didn't stop. "You want to suck cock for me, don't you? You want to be my cumslut, don't you? Answer me, fag, tell me you want to suck cock for me."

"I do," he moaned, unable to say more.

Molly changed her tempo on his prick. It started with her resting her ass on his thighs, holding him as deeply inside of her as he had to offer. Clenching her muscles, she slowly pulled upwards, pulling his cock with her until his prick could move no more. His prick slipped backwards against her slippery resistance. She relaxed her muscles and clenched them again, still pulling away from him. She repeated her little trick several times until he slipped out of her. Without reaching between her legs, she regained her pussy's purchase on his cockhead, slipping down until the head of it was nestled inside before she clenched down on him again. She reversed the process; relaxing, clenching, relaxing, clenching. It felt like a handjob inside a warm, wet velvet glove.

"I only do that for you," she said. "Do you believe me?"

"No," he said, unconvinced that she would have learned that trick since dating him.

"Good," she said, surprising him. "You're the only man I've fucked since we started dating. Do you believe me?"

"Yes," he said, finding that easier to believe.

She relaxed her pussy muscles, resting on top of him to ask, "Do you want me to fuck other men?"

"Yes," he said as his cock throbbed its agreement.

She waited until his throbbing stopped before surprising him again. "I don't want to fuck other men," she said. "But I'll do it for you. And I'll like it." She moved up and down his throbbing cock, working her muscles without worrying about being in synch with her motions. "Come for me," she told him. "Come in my pussy and I'll sit on your face. Come for me, you fucking cumslut!"

Troy did, faster than he would have thought was possible. It didn't take any more words from her. She had said enough, though he chased her words in his mind. Coming inside of her felt like a commitment and he gave her orgasm with joy. "Feed me," he moaned after he last spasm and Molly quick straddled his face. His cum leaked into his mouth as he ate her and she came again, too.

As they cuddled after their lovemaking, Troy realized he had a new secret he was keeping from her. He kept it to himself. She would need to know, but not yet. Not now. Not today.

They showered together and stayed naked as they made dinner together. Troy considered himself a good cook and bucked the stereotype of a bachelor with an empty refrigerator. Molly volunteered to do the dishes while Troy did double duty at his couch checking the status of the afternoon football games on the TV and his laptop. Molly brought coffee and sat next to him. "All the right teams winning?" she asked.

"Mostly," he said, happy that she could indulge him when it came to sports. "I have tickets to that game tomorrow," he reminded her. "Is that okay?"

"Oh yeah. Have fun. I have a day planned of cleaning litter boxes and doing laundry."

Satisfied that he was in the loop, he left his laptop open, but changed the channel on the TV to a romantic comedy he knew she liked. They had watched it before, but he didn't mind. Sitting naked on the couch with her pressed up against him was seductive. He nearly revealed his secret to her, but held back. Not yet. Too soon. Life was good enough as was he wanted to bask in the moment. "This is nice," she said doing a slower moment in the movie.

"Yeah, it is," he agreed.



They talked on Sunday, but didn't catch up with each other until Monday after work. They met for Happy Hour drinks at a bar near Molly's apartment that had a nice Happy Hour buffet. Molly worked as a physical therapist and was still her scrubs with her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. Troy was a desk jockey for a multinational company and spent his days in a cubicle on the phone or in front of the computer. Sitting side-by-side in a booth, they talked about Sunday's game and work. Troy was first to bring up anything else. "You left Kong at my apartment."

"Yeah, maybe that's a good place to keep him?"

"How so?"

"Maybe we'll play with him again."

Troy grinned. After Saturday's fireworks, he had skipped jerking off on Sunday. When the game ran late, he was late waking up this morning, too late to do anything for himself. Seeing Molly wasn't making his temporary celibacy easier. "How serious were we about all the things we said on Saturday?"

Molly smiled. "I don't regret anything I said, do you?"

"No," he said, shaking his head. "But we're not in bed right now. Does that make it feel different?"

"Depends. How does it feel for me to know you're a cocksucking cumslut?"

"Horny," he admitted. "What about you?"

"Wet," she said, her hand slipping between his legs. She grabbed his crotch, encouraging the growth that had already begun.

"We talked about more than what I was willing to do for you."

"I know," she said, sipping her drink. 

"So what do you want to do?"

"Go back to my place and fuck your brains out," she said. That's what they did, but as Troy drove home, he realized he felt disappointed. He was hoping for more.

Tuesday came and went with just a phone call between them. Molly had a seminar class she had to attend for work and Troy had to work late. When he made it home, he knew she would be sitting in class. With nothing better to do, he undressed and rubbed his prick. Parading around naked in his apartment was nothing new for him. He made dinner, caught up on the sports world, and watched an action flick before heading to bed. The day had passed without an orgasm yet. Seeing Kong sitting on his nightstand, he carried the big toy into his living room. Watching porn on his big TV, he jerked off, coming on the toy. As soon as he was spent, he licked and sucked the toy clean. With half a hard-on returning to him, he went to bed, letting Kong watch over him from nightstand.

Wednesday night was another seminar night for Molly. It was Thursday before they could see each other again. Molly called him after work, suggesting drinks at their usual Happy Hour spot. Sitting in their usual booth, Molly seemed distracted. "Everything okay?" Troy asked.

"Yeah, I sort of met someone at the seminar and I'm hoping he shows up soon," she said. Her hand slipped into Troy's thigh. 

"What's the plan?" he asked, reacting as much to her news as her hand.

"Nothing special. He's suppose to meet me here, then we're going to go back to my place where I'll fuck his brains out. When he leaves, I'll call you. I just thought you'd want to see who I was leaving with."

"Tease," Troy said. "What am I supposed to do while I'm waiting for you to call?"

"I don't know. Sit here and drink? Maybe meet someone? There's a lot of cute guys in here tonight."

"You're cruel," he said, though he was smiling.

"Gotta go!" she said, giving him a quick kiss on the lips before sliding out of the booth. A tall, thin man had just walked into the bar and he smiled as soon as he saw Molly. She kissed him on the cheek. They chatted for a moment and left before he ever had a chance to order a drink. Troy watched from the booth, seeing them kissing in the parking lot. This kiss was more intimate. He saw Molly grab the man's ass and the man return the gesture before they broke to climb into different cars.

It was a quarter to six. Troy sat in the empty booth with a raging hard-on, completely unsure what to do with himself. Molly's apartment was less than five minutes away. From the way they kissed in the parking lot, whatever small talk was needed between the two of them had already taken place. He sipped his drink, absently rubbed the hard-on inside his pants, and wondered what he should do. Without a better option, he brought up a puzzle game on his cell phone and poked at entering numbers on a grid. 

His Sudoku puzzle went slowly as his mind raced. He kept pausing the puzzle to glance at the clock on his phone. Seeing it was 6:50, he guessed they were already her apartment. Maybe parking at her place and still walking inside. Would he hold her hand? Wrap his arm around her? Would they pause for another kiss in the parking lot before walking up the steps to her second floor apartment? He tried to imagine every detail. Would she walk in front of him, shaking her tight, tiny ass for him? That was the gentleman thing to do, let the lady climb the stairs first. She would have to lead the way, showing him which apartment was hers. Would he grab her ass? Maybe give her a playful, knowing squeeze? He back to the game on his phone, promising himself he would finish the puzzle before looking at his clock again.

"Does she need another?" the waitress asked, her hand hovering near the glass Molly had left behind.

"Nah, she's gone for the night," Troy said, flashing a smile. "I'll take another though."
