 A year back when Rhea was hired at our company, I could scarcely believe my eyes. Having already spent a year there surrounded by people who were at least a decade senior to me, I was overjoyed that I would now have a beautiful, warm blooded girl of my own age working just a hand distance away from me.

Life at the workplace was a boring affair. Though I was entitled to do creative work on art-works and design posters and film banners; the process of going about it day-in-day-out was bone stiffing. Hence I would not be wrong in saying that Rhea was a welcome change to that boring atmosphere, she some how breathed life into the art department with just her presence. The day Rhea joined in, my mind was immediately filled with fantasies about her.

Rhea is a knockout in the truest sense of the word. She has the type of bust that men usually dream about, big and full and never constrained by a bra (she never used to wear one), with large nipples that would introduce themselves through the fabric of whatever outfit she was wearing. Her legs creamy and smooth, beneath the shorts she always wears, are long and muscular. Her luscious limbs form the perfect pedestal for her buttocks that swishes back and forth when she walks.

I must admit however that Rhea had topped her course in designing from some university in U.S.A. and she comes from a well-established and professionally settled family. Her working with our company is just to gain experience before she jumps with her creativity and sets up her own studio. Her father being a friend of our boss, she was put in the art department of our agency to get some on hand experience. I must confess that besides her, I also liked her work, she really has some gray cells of the creative type. Rhea is over-all very appealing and has done wonders for the company from the time she has joined. She is my fantasy number one.

The only thing about Rhea that was not appealing was her firm belief that co-workers shouldn't date. This, if put the other way around also meant that she felt herself superior to me in spite of the fact that we shared the same post, maybe it had to do with her degree from U. S. of A. This opinion of hers had caused me and my raging manliness endless consternation. But, despite her steadfast refusal to have anything to do with me outside the office, Rhea and I became good friends at work.

One night I agreed to stay late with her on her request and help finish some work she had fallen behind on. Everyone else had left the office, except for a peon. We worked like workaholics till nine, without as much as even a chat between us and it was only when Rhea gave a sigh of relief at completion of a certain design she was doing that I turned around to face her. She asked for my opinion as she looked on the computer screen admiring her work. Her face expressed a certain degree of satisfaction, which made it look more beautiful and a lot sexier.

She looked back at me for approval and getting a nod from me she wheeled over the little green chair towards the printer and then getting off it, she put the printer on. Resting her knee on the seat of the chair she bent over the printer jutting her fabulous buttocks out invitingly. It was obvious that Rhea was feeling excited about her work and was in a good mood. I couldn't help wondering if this would be the right time to make a pass. I could get her to break her vow about dating coworkers - although, as you can imagine that going out was not the only thing I expected from Rhea, it was my going in her that was as important to me.

I quickly made up my mind and got off my chair and quietly took position behind her jutting buttocks. "Hi!" she turned around on her heels, "I was just..." but she stopped talking. Perhaps it was my shit-eating grin, or perhaps it was the conspiratorial twinkle in my eyes, or perhaps she saw the bulge in my trouser, or perhaps she had similar thoughts as me while she was bent over the printer, her cheeks were flushed red and she looked excited. I recognised that this excitement had little to do with her work and maybe more to with my presence and the bulge in my trouser.

Neither of us said a word. We stood staring at each other in awkward silence for a long time as I tried to think of what to do next. Fortunately Rhea acted first. She reached out ever so slowly and wrapped her hand around my neck and pulled me towards her. Our open mouths met in a deep and passionate kiss that made my toes curl. I wrapped my arms tightly around her as our tangling tongues tried to caress the deepest regions of each other's mouth. In my excitement at having finally gotten this far with such a beautiful woman, my hands roamed lower, caressing her big breasts and massaging her soft bottom.

Suddenly Rhea pushed me away. I groaned inwardly, thinking that I had moved too quickly or that she had just remembered that she didn't want to get involved with a coworker. Thankfully I was mistaken. She dropped to her knees in front of me, quickly fumbled with my belt and zipper, then pulled my pants and underpants down. Released from its confines, my manhood sprang forward and bounced a greeting against the bridge of her nose. Thus in this position Rhea started to pay her undivided attention to my manhood showering it with light kisses. Then slowly she took my manhood within her oral cavity, sucking ever so gently. For all her hurrying to get to this point, Rhea certainly took her time now. She made love to my manhood with great care.

In very short order I began to feel like that glorious feeling bulging up within me. I managed to gasp, "Rhea stop. You will make me come!" Rhea pulled her face away from my member and rose to her feet with a smile on her lips and a wild wicked gleam in her eyes. Still holding me by my member she pulled me to the edge of a table and setting herself on the edge she opened her legs wide, indicating her availability.

I hooked my hand in her waistband and pulled her panties down and then raising her skirt I positioned myself at the entrance of her love tunnel. I slipped her dress off her shoulders to get assess to those huge attractive boobs that had been teasing me since the last eight months. I teased her nipples with light nibbles and later sucked on them real hard. Than an idea struck me and I took her back to the printer. I asked Rhea to lean over the printer, the pose that I loved of her much, with her bottom thrusting out invitingly. I thought of all the times I had seen her like that and fantasised of doing her in that position, from behind. Now I was actually going to get my chance.

Grabbing her hips, I entered her from the rear, burying my hard manhood in her tight, and moist, but soft love tunnel with a single thrust. She gasped, and so did I. Soon she was meeting my every lunge with a backward surge of her own. We went on with it for some time unaware of the place where we were, who we were and least bothered about the consequences that would follow if we were ever caught. Rhea thrust hard against me and groaned aloud. She shook all over, then went limp as she climaxed. I joined her a few strokes later. Exhausted we sank to our respective seats.

As we were dressing up I noticed that we had left the door to the art department and the computer room open. I had a feeling that the peon if he had not already been up to watch our show would soon be making his round. I told Rhea that we should go somewhere a little more private, like a hotel, so we could finish getting to know each other. She readily agreed. We spent that night making love. The next morning there was hell to pay. My boss wanted to now how the two of us together could not finish the work. Rhea did not have an answer but apologised and promised him that she would complete it at the earliest. As for me, I got a stern look from the boss that day.

As far as work is concerned, it is now more enjoyable than ever it was. No one at the office knows about Rhea and me, but we are now together almost every night at the office, working late. Rhea even keeps the keys to the office with her when we are working late. Rhea has opened her new agency now and she is my boss.