 I'd like to thank a very special friend who wishes to remain anonymous. She has been a great inspiration to me and provided me with the idea to develop this series. We hope you all enjoy!

*****

It was a cool fall evening. Darkness had begun to settle in. Emma looked at the clock. Her decision to work late meant she would be walking home. The busses had stopped running hours ago and she found it next to impossible to get a cab once they did. Luckily, it was only a short walk home, ten minutes at most. Emma gathered her things and headed for the door.

"Damn it," she cursed. It was raining heavily and she had forgotten her umbrella at home. She sighed as she pulled her coat tightly around her and stepped out into the rain. She shivered as the first few drops hit her. The rains this time of year were mind numbingly cold. Within few second she was completely soaked and shivering. She hurried home as fast as she could. 

The rain seemed to lighten as she made her way up the steps to the front door and took shelter under the porch roof. "Just my luck," she mumbled as she searched inside her purse for her keys. "I guess I should have waited a few more minutes."

Panic soon set in. "Come on, they have to be here!" she groaned as she continued to search frantically for her keys. But they weren't. It had been one of those days, nothing seemed to go right. Not only had she forgotten her umbrella, but in her rush to leave in the morning she had apparently left without her keys as well.

Emma looked around at the neighbors houses looking for any sign of life. Only one house had a light on. She was new to the neighborhood and had yet to meet most of her neighbors. Emma stared at the light next door as she stood there shivering. She had seen him outside here and there mowing the lawn or tinkering with his motorcycle. Regardless of what he was doing, he was always smiling. She had been meaning to introduce herself to him, but hadn't had the opportunity. This wasn't exactly how she'd envisioned it, but at this moment, she didn't have much choice.

Emma stepped from the cover of the porch roof and hurried next door. She ran up the steps to the door and knocked. She waited for what felt like an eternity. She didn't think she could possible get any colder, but she did. She was shivering so hard her teeth were starting to rattle together. She was about to knock again when the porch light turned on and she heard the sound of the door being unlocked.

A blast of warmth hit Emma as the door opened. She turned to greet her neighbor, but was stunned by what she saw. It wasn't quite how Emma was expecting him to answer the door. Obviously taken off guard by a late visitor, and in his haste to answer the door, he had forgotten how he was dressed. Or not dressed as the case was. He stood in just his black tight boxers and motorcycle logo t-shirt.

"Umm, I'm sorry, but," she started to stutter. But he quickly cut her off.

"My goodness, look at you! Get in here!" he exclaimed as he put his arm around her and guided her in the front door closing it behind her. "You are soaked! And shivering! What in the world are you doing out on a night like this?" he asked.

"I...I...I'm sorry to bother you," she said still shaking from the cold. "I...I live next door. I locked my keys in the house when I left this morning. Could I use you phone to call the locksmith?"

"Goodness yes! You poor thing! Wait here, I'll grab the phone," he said as he turned and headed down the hallway.

Emma looked at her reflection in the large mirror hanging on the wall. Water dripped from her hair down her face. Her clothes were soaked through and clung to her body. She looked like a drowned cat! This was not how she wanted to look when she met the neighbors!

"I'm Lucas, by the way," he said as he returned with the phone. "Oh, and here is the number for a good locksmith. I've had to use them a time or two," he said with a wink.

"I'm Emma. And thank you so much," she said as she took the phone from him and dialed the number with trembling fingers. "I really appreciate this."

Lucas disappeared upstairs as she made her call. He could see the look of concern on her face when he returned carrying a big thick towel.

"What's wrong?" he asked as he handed it to her.

"They said it would be a couple hours until someone could get here."

"Oh, well then, follow me" he said as he took her by the hand and lead her in to the living room. "Let's get you warm and dry."

Emma looked around. She could tell Lucas had settled in for a relaxing evening alone. A lone candle was lit and a fire crackled in the fireplace. A glass of bourbon was on the end table by the sofa next to an open book. The blankets and pillows were crumpled where he was laying before she knocked.

"I'm sorry, I don't want to be a bother. I'm interrupting your evening. I'll just wait on my porch," she said, her voice cracking a bit as she tried to pull away from him.

"Nonsense! I'm not letting you wait out there," he said with a smile. "You'll freeze to death!"

That smile. The same smile she had seen when she first saw him outside mowing and working in his garden. She wasn't sure if it was the cold or the smile, but she suddenly felt weak in the knees. She could feel herself start to fall.

"Oh, hey, careful there!" he said has he grabbed her to steady her. "You ok? Can I help you?"

Emma looked in his eyes. She saw a warming sparkle in them. The kind that warms your soul. For a moment, she felt like a helpless little girl. She felt tired. She felt cold. Yet that look, it had a warm, calming effect on her. She blushed a little as she realized she had been staring into his eyes and had not answered him.

"You ok?" he asked again as he took the towel and slowly started to dry her hair.

She just smiled and nodded. 

"We need to get you some dry clothes and get you warmed up," Lucas said as wrapped the towel around Emma and took off back upstairs.

Emma looked at the floor. There was a puddle of water at her feet. She really wasn't ok. Not only was she was embarrassed about how she looked and how she was acting, but now she felt awful. Surely she had just ruined his wood floor! "What a first impression," she thought. Emma bent down to sop up the water from the floor.

"Oh, don't worry about that! I'll take care of it," he said as he returned handing her a t-shirt and flannel pajama pants.

Emma looked at the clothing. It was a girls t-shirt and pajama pants. Now she felt even worse than before. She had no idea! She had only lived next door for a few weeks and had never seen anyone other than him.

"My wife's," he said with a reassuring wink. "I think those will fit. You look about the same size. She's been away on a business trip the last few weeks. She is supposed to arrive home tonight, but with this weather, she may get delayed. Go head down the hall to the bathroom and get changed out of those wet clothes. I'll put them in the dryer will we wait."

Emma smiled as she headed down the hall. Wife. Could the night possibly get any worse! The last thing she wanted was for his wife to come home from a long business trip to find her husband and with a strange woman wearing her clothes!

Emma stopped part way down the hall.

"I...I'm sorry. I can't. I don't want to cause any trouble."

"It's no trouble. Besides, you can't wait out in the rain. And I'm sure she will be happy to meet you when she gets home. I was telling her about our new neighbor and she was excited for us to meet you soon. Please stay."

Emma looked in his eyes. The more he talked about her, the more they sparkled. And the more he smiled. She had no idea what was going on in his head, but it was that smile that convinced her to stay. 

By the time Emma returned, Lucas had the floor cleaned up and was back on the couch sipping his bourbon. "Here," he said has he handed her her own glass and pulled the blanket back. "Come close, this will help take the chill off. We'll have to share the blanket though, it's the only one we have."

Emma giggled nervously as she took the glass from him and sat next to him on the couch. She shivered as she pulled the blanket tightly around herself. 

"My goodness, you are still freezing!" he said as he put his arm around her and pulled her close.

Emma smiled as she took a sip of the bourbon and moved closer to him. He was right, it was making her warm inside and his body heat was warming her outside. Emma continued sipping on the bourbon as they chatted. It wasn't something she was used to drinking and it wasn't long before she started to feel the effects of the alcohol. Emma looked around. The candle, the fire, the two of them on the couch. It was all so surreal. This wasn't at all how she had imagined her day would end.

Lucas pulled her closer yet. He rubbed her arm with his hand as he did. "Feels like you are beginning to warm up," he said smiling at her.

Emma looked at Lucas. That smile. She was suddenly overcome with a sinking feeling, a feeling like she was falling, falling in to a dream, falling into his arms. Her heart raced. Then it happened. Her eyes closed as their lips met. She was instantly warmed inside and out. Her skin flushed as her blood rushed through her body. They kissed with the passion of two long separated lovers, his finger ran through her hair, massaging her head, not allowing her to break their embrace. There was a need. A need to become one. 

It had been sometime since Emma had been with a man. From the first time she saw him, she dreamt about this moment. Dreamt of his touch.

Lucas broke their embrace. He quickly removed his shirt. Emma looked in his eyes as her hands caressed his bare chest. She could feel his heart pounding as he started to remove her t-shirt. As he did, for a second, Emma was reminded that it wasn't her t-shirt, but his wife's. His wife's...Was this a dream? Was this reality? It no longer mattered to her. Her body ached for his touch, she gave in to her desire.

Emma laid back on the couch, pulling him with her as she did. She closed her eyes as he kissed her. She was lost in the moment. Nothing else around her mattered. All other sights, all other sounds, all other thoughts were forgotten. This moment was the only moment that existed. 

She was no longer cold, yet her nipples were stiff and erect. She shivered as he kissed his way down her body, taking each one into his mouth along the way. When he finally made is way to the waist band of her pajama bottoms, he paused for a moment and gently kissed her stomach. Again she shivered at his touch. She pulled him to her and kissed him deeply. His hand found its way between her legs. Her excitement had soaked the crotch of the pajama bottoms. Lucas moaned as Emma's legs clamped tightly against his hand. He kissed her neck and inhaled deeply taking in the lingering scent of her perfume. Emma's hands moved to his head nudging him along. His fingers slipped inside the waist band as he again kissed his way back down her body. Emma couldn't take it anymore, she need him! She raised her hips allowing Lucas to remove the piece of fabric that was keeping him from her.

Lucas gently spread her legs. Her pussy glistened in the light from the fire. His hand covered her pussy as he kissed her. He could feel the heat coming from her. He could feel her wetness. His fingers explored her pussy, tracing the outline of her lips before finding their way to her excited clit. He gently rubbed using her wetness for lubrication. Emma's hips began to buck, rubbing her pussy against his hand. She wanted desperately to cum, but she needed something in her. She moaned as Lucas slipped a finger in to her. Or was it two. It didn't matter. All that mattered was she was full. Lucas continued to kiss her, muffling her moans as he massaged her g-spot. It wasn't long before she was crying out in pleasure. Her pussy clenched tight on his probing fingers as she came.

Emma pulled his cum covered fingers from her and began to suck them clean. She continued to suck on them as her hands went his bulging cock. She gave it a squeeze through his boxers. It began to twitch uncontrollably. She slowly worked his boxers down freeing his cock from its constraints. She kissed him as her hand began to stroke his cock using his precum for lube. Lucas moaned as she did. His hand instinctively went back to her dripping pussy. Emma grabbed his hand, stopping him. She was suddenly overcome with lust. She was done with his teasing. She need to feel something more in her. She needed his cock!

Emma pushed him back, pinning his arms over his head. She straddled him and grabbed his cock. She rubbed it on her aching pussy, covering the head with her juices before she lowered herself on him. He slipped easily inside her, her pussy juices covering his shaft and running down on to his balls. She kissed him still trying to figure out if this whole thing was real or if it was a dream. This entire moment still felt surreal. Only a short time ago, she was shyly knocking on her neighbor's door. Now she was entangled with him in the throes of passion. 

Emma leaned forward and kissed him, still pinning his arms above his head. If this was a dream, her fantasy, she was going to be in control of him. She could feel his cock pulsating inside of her with every beat of his heart. She started to move, slowly at first. She relished the feeling of being full. 

"Mmm, fuck me Emma," Lucas begged. 

As much as she wanted this moment to last, she knew she couldn't prolong his pleasure any longer. Emma released his arms and sat up, placing her hands on his chest. She began to ride his cock faster and faster. Emma closed her eyes and listened to his moaning. She could tell Lucas was in total ecstasy has she fucked him.

She continued to ride him, harder and faster. Emma could sense he was close. She wanted to cum with him. Her one hand slipped between them and she began to tease her clit as she rode his cock. Her touch caused pussy to clench tighter on him. A wave of heat surged through her body as she was on the edge of cumming. It was all too much for Lucas. His body tensed and he cried out as his cock started to spew forth his cum deep in her pussy. The sensation of his cock filling her with his cum was all she need to send her over the edge. Her pussy began to spasm as she came milking every last drop of cum from his balls.

Emma collapsed on top of Lucas. He wrapped his arms around her as they tried to catch their breath. His softening cock slipped from her pussy's grasp. A river of cum flowed from her covering him as it did. Lucas held her close, pulled the blanket over them and kissed her. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep, savoring that moment of total bliss.

They were awakened by the sound of the phone ringing. Lucas kissed her on top of the head before carefully sliding out from under her to answer it.

"Ok," she heard him say as she pulled on the t-shirt and pajama bottoms. "I'll let her know. She'll be right over."

Lucas returned carrying her dry clothes. "Here," he said handing the neatly folded pile to her. "The locksmith is waiting. You better go. You can bring those back another time."

"Ok," she said with a smile. "And thank you...for everything."

Emma quickly gathered the rest of her things and slipped on her shoes. As she opened the door, she looked back to make sure she didn't forget anything. There on the bench in the hallway was a pair of panties...another girl's panties. She could tell by the way the fire light shined on them that they were soaked with fresh cum. She stared for a moment trying to make sense of the panties. Panic set in as she then the realized that her clothes were dry and folded. Then she heard it. The sound of the coffee maker brewing coffee. She looked back at Lucas. He grabbed her arm and pulled him to her, kissing her one more time. Emma broke their embrace and ran back out into the cold wet night to meet the waiting locksmith. So many thoughts, so many questions ran through her head.