 Charmaine felt guilty for the next 2 weeks, but she also felt horny. The new cocks that she's been getting lately have awakened something in her. She can't seem to get enough now! Her boyfriend, Danny, just wasn't enough anymore.

When Pete was over again 2 Saturdays later, in January, she found herself needing that thick cock again. She was wearing jeans and a tight, red shirt. Again, Pete could not keep his eyes off her tits and ass all night as a group of them had drinks. Her pussy got wetter as she got more intoxicated. 

Later in the night, she went to the bathroom. She was about to leave when Pete met her at the door. While music played and friends drank in the living room, Charmaine mischievously pulled him into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. Smiling, her small hands undid his button and zipper. She pulled out his already rock hard penis, and her pussy got even wetter at the sight of it. 

"I hope you can cum fast." She said as she sank to her knees. 

"Oh, I think so." Pete breathed, as he watched her beautiful lips kiss the head of his cock. She opened her lips and slowly slid them all the way down his fat organ, taking the entire length in her warm mouth. She began to bob her head back and forth as fast as she could, sucking hard. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp' her sucking noises were very loud as she gave head eagerly to her boyfriend's friend. He didn't last long. 

"I'm cumming!" He warned. Charmaine took his penis out of her mouth and aimed it at her face, closing her eyes. He moaned, and she felt his thick cock spasm in her hand. Hot, sticky fluid hit her cheek just below her right eye. Pete watched his cum pump out of his dick all over mouth, nose and cheeks. She rubbed his cock all over her beautiful face, smiling, and when he was done, she slipped his semi hard on back in her mouth, sucking his remaining jism. Charmaine released his cock and licked the cum from around her mouth. 

"You better go." She said, turning to wash her face. Pete slipped out. A minute later, an oblivious Danny walked in to see her washing her face, having no idea she was cleaning off his buddy's sperm. At the end of the night, Charmaine went to bed with Danny, Pete slept on the couch. As usual, Danny passed out immediately. She could not sleep and she could not shake her arousal. She was wearing gray boxers and a white T-shirt, her hair was in a ponytail. 

She was wet, and she could not stop thinking about that thick cock, which made her even wetter. She could no longer take it. She stumbled out of bed drunkenly, making a lot of noise on her way to the door. She turned to Danny. Still asleep. Just like she thought. 

She went out to the living room where she saw Pete sleeping on the couch. She straddled his legs roughly, and he opened one eye, surprised. He had both eyes open when he saw her undo his button and pull down the zipper on his jeans. She pulled both his jeans and underwear down his legs and right off, along with his socks. 

He was too shocked to think about getting caught as Charmaine, without using her hands, took his semi hard penis into her mouth. She could not believe how fast Pete's cock got rock hard in her mouth. He watched her lick all over his cock hungrily, before stuffing it back in her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down on his pole as fast as she could, slurping so loud that her boyfriend surely would hear if he were awake. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp' she went, greedily sucking his organ. 

"Ohhh God, Char…" Pete moaned as he fucked her mouth, "Are you as turned on as I am?" She pulled his dick out of her mouth with a 'pop'. 

"Yes," she said, "I'm very wet." She crawled up the couch towards him. "Fell how juicy I am." She said erotically. He reached down into her boxers, running his fingers through the curls of her pubic hair until he reached her swollen pussy lips. They were soaked. He could not believe how wet Charmaine was, and he could not resist dipping a finger into her sopping pussy. 

"Ohhhhh…" she breathed, "keep doing that for a minute." He slid his finger in and out of her soaking wet cunt, watching the expression on her face. Her eyes were closed, she was breathing heavily. 

"Stick in another." He obliged her, sliding two fingers into her dripping hole. "Ohhh yes!" she moaned, rubbing her needy crotch hard against his hand. 

"Do you want to go someplace private?" Pete asked, still fingering her. 

"No." she breathed, eyes still closed, "just fuck me right here." He nearly came right there as he pulled his hand out of her boxers. She lay on the couch and pushed her boxers down her sexy legs and right off, dropping them on the floor. 

"You should keep those on one leg," Pete said, worried, "in case he comes out." 

"He won't come out,' she replied, "he's out for the night." 

"Yeah, but just to be safe…" he started. 

"Aw, you worry too much." She interrupted. She took off her shirt, freeing her beautiful breasts, she threw it on the floor. He was seeing her gorgeous tits for the first time as she lay naked on the couch waiting, legs open. He could argue no longer and was on top of her, between her tanned legs instantly. His lips found hers and they kissed roughly, loudly, tongues exploring, rubbing their naked organs against each other. 

Charmaine pushed his shirt up and broke the kiss, taking it off of him. They were now completely naked right outside of the door to the room where Danny slept. Still kissing her, Pete reached between them and grabbed his dick. He brought it down to her hot entrance. Charmaine was so wet that her pussy practically sucked his fat cock inside. 

"Ohhhhhhh God." She moaned, breaking the kiss as she felt Pete's penis slide into her vagina. He began kissing her neck and cheek as he began to thrust hard into her. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Ohh! Unh!" she was moaning so loud it could be heard at the other side of the house, let alone in the next room. 

Her pussy was so hot, so wet, so tight around his meat as he continued to plow into her, kissing her soft neck. She came. She was so horny it didn't take long for that fat dick to get her off. "Ohhhh! Ohhhhhhhh!" she cried, gasping for breath. Her tanned feet were in the air above Pete's thrusting ass. He was jackhammering into her, the couch was squeeking, she was gasping for breath in his ear. 

He slowed down his thrusting as he kissed down her chest, down the swell of her breast. He sucked Charmaine's hard nipple as he screwed her wet tightness. "Ohhhh yes!" she moaned, watching him suck her nipple as his fat cock stretched her needy pussy. He kissed back up her neck, fucking her hard again. His lips found hers and they kissed breathlessly. 

"Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmmph!" she moaned into his mouth as he thrusted into her. If Danny were to walk out, he would see his buddy naked on top of his naked girlfriend. Her tanned legs were in the air, Pete's ass thrusting hard between them. Charmaine was in heaven, she could feel another orgasm approach. She broke the kiss. 

"Put my legs on your shoulders." She breathed. Pete held his cock in her hole for a second as he put her calves on his shoulders. Now he felt even deeper within her. 

"Ohhhhhhh!" she let out a long moan as he began to fuck her again. Her eyes were closed, her tits were bouncing as he gave her his all. "Ohh fuck!" she cried, very loudly. "Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! UNH!" she came again, legs and feet stretching out, pussy convulsing around Pete's fat organ. 

He was losing it. He pounded her into the couch, her feet on either side of his head. He slid his thick penis out of her wet vagina. White cum fired out of his cock and onto her bush and her tanned belly. She felt so amazing as hot jizz splattered on her stomach, her legs over his shoulders. She sighed, opening her legs as he nearly collapsed on her. He moaned, and she kissed his cheek. 

"Thank you!" she said, smiling. Her hand reached down and rubbed his cum around on her belly...