 HI I’m Aimee. I’m 5’2 with brown hair and green eyes. This is about then night of my sorority’s annual luau. 

Every Year, the Alpha Pi Omegas (my sorority) has a luau. I was wearing a cute turquoise string bikini, which barely held in my 34C breasts with a little pink sarong. This one was turning out just like the others. The kegs were half gone within two hours, beer cans were floating among the half naked people who were in the pool, and I was stuck talking with a guys from one of the fraternity’s because his friend was scoring with one of my sisters. And this guy was totally not my type. 

“So Aimee, what’s your major” He asked.

Just what I want to talk about-school. It’s the weekend, were suppose to be having fun. “I’m majoring in Art History. It’s pretty boring.”

“Sounds interesting.” He said trailing his fingers up and down my forearm. “Do you want to-“

“AIMEE! Come here, I need your help” One of my sister’s yelled cutting him off. Thank you Lydia! 

“Sorry, Gotta go help.” I said jumping up. I ran inside and found Lydia leaning against the counter laughing. Lydia was a petite blonde with big brown eyes and cute body clad in a red bikini and yellow sarong. She was my favorite sister.

“Thanks. I owe ya.”

“You bet you do. You looked miserable. Didn’t Rob entertain you?”

“Is that his name? No, he wanted to talk about majors and stuff. How dull is that?”

She laughed again and picked up a beer and started to nurse it. “who pushed him off on you?”

“Morgan did. She finally went after that blonde fox from the soccer team.”

“Way to go Morg.” She looked past me and smiled. “Jason’s coming towards us with his friend from home.”

Jason was Lydia’s boyfriend from one of the fraternities. He was about 5’11, with light brown hair, blue eyes and an awesome build from football. He was also head over heels for Lydia. 

“Lemme guess, want me to take his friend off your and Jason’s hands?”

“It’s up to you. But from the look of him I don’t think you’ll mind.”

Raising a brow I turned around. Jason waved and next to him was the most gorgeous guy I have ever seen in my life!

“Hey baby, Hey Aimee. This is my best friend Alex.”

Alex was about 6’, broad shouldered with short black hair and big brown eyes. His smile was enough to turn my knees into Jell-O. 

“Hi. I heard so much about you Lydia.”

“All good I hope.”

“Of course” He looked down and smiled at me. “I’m Alex.”

“I’m Aimee.” I said breathlessly.

“Hey Aim, I’m going to steal Lydia away. Mind taking care of Alex for me?” Jason said wrapping his arms around Lydia’s waist. 

“No problem Jase.”

“Good. Come on woman, Little Jason missed you.”

Lydia giggled as Jason pulled her towards the stairs. 

“So, Aimee, what’s you-“

“Please don’t ask me what my major is.” I giggled.

“I wasn’t. I was going to ask what you would like to drink.”

II felt a blush creeping up my neck. “A beer would be good. The Kegs out by the pool.”

“Cool, lets go.”

We walked out the back door, making small talk about how he and Jason met, and school and such. We got our beers and headed back inside. The house was getting trashed. Luckily it was late enough that the party was starting to die down a bit. We walked into the front room where a bunch of people were playing quarters and listening to some really loud rap music. 

“Is there some place quieter we can go?” Alex asked me putting his hand on the small of my back.

“Yeah follow me” I said leading him to the stairs. We walked up past a bunch of closed doors. There was loud moaning from almost all of them. We got to my room and I open the door and led him in. 

“Your roommate won’t mind that we’re in here?”

“No she’s staying at her boyfriend’s place tonight.”

“Cool. Do you guys have a luau every year?”

“Yeah, it’s fun. Good excuse to get drunk and walk around in a bikini.”

“That it is.”

I motioned him over to the bed to sit. He sat and I walked over to the closet. I pulled out a bottle of Long Island Iced Tea and a shot glass. 

“Wanna play a game?” I asked coyly.

“Sure, what ya have in mind? 

“20 questions with a twist.”

“And the twist is?”

“Ok here’s how it goes. It’s regular 20 questions. If don’t guess after the 20th question, you have to take a shot. If you guess right before the 20 questions are up, I have to take a shot and take piece of clothing off. And vice versa.”

“Sounds fun to me.”

“OK, I go first.” I paused and thought of a something. Whipped Cream was the first thing that came to my mind. I like to lick it off of him! I thought smiling. “OK Got It.”

“Is it a person?”

“No”

“A Place?”

“No”

“A drink?”

“No, but close.”

“A food” He asked.

“Kinda”

“What color is it?”

“It’s white”

“Is it marshmallows?”

“No”

“Ice Cream?”

“Closer”

“Whipped Cream?”

“Bingo” I said smiling. He poured me a shot and handed it to me. I drank it quickly. I handed back the glass and reached back to take untie my top. I pulled the string loose and pulled the top off releasing my breasts. Alex stared at them with lust in his eyes. My nipples pebbled under his gaze. 

He brought the bottle to his lips and took a long gulp. The next round went pretty much the same way. I got his, chocolate, in 10 guesses. He took a shot and then his shirt off. The next round he guessed mine, a banana, in 5 guesses and I took a shot and removed my sarong. We continued into the next round where I got his, melons (we had a food thing going on) in 7 guesses. He took a shot and removed his shorts. The bulge in his shorts was quite evident. We were both feeling quite buzzed. As I took my turn.

“OK Alex. What’s your guess?”

“Is it a food?” 

“Yes,” I giggled?

“Is it a fruit?”

“No”

“Is it a vegetable?”

“Yes”

“Is it green?”

“Yes”

“Is it a cucumber?”

“Yes!” I took the bottle from him and took a gulp. I handed it back to him and smiled standing up. I untied the strings of my bottoms and let them slip to the floor. I kneeled on the bed next to him. He put the bottle on the night stand and turned to face me, looking my naked body over. 

“I can’t stand it and more Aimee, I need to touch you” He pulled me to him and pressed his lips to mine. I opened my mouth to him and felt his tongue slip in to touch mine. His hands reached up to cup my breasts, weighing them in his palms. We laid back on the bed, his hips grinding into mine. My hand reached down and slipped past his waistband. My hands encircled his hard cock. Oh my god he feels huge. His broke the kiss and kisses down my throat. His fingers tweaked my nipples as he moved lower. He took one hard bud between his lips and sucked gently. He worked on it for a while, licking, nibbling and sucking on it before switching to the other. 

“My God Aimee, you’re so beautiful.” He said huskily trailing kisses down to my belly button. He dipped his tongue in before sinking down to my neatly trimmed mound. He spread my legs, putting one over his shoulder. He tongue licked my pussy from top to bottom spreading my lips. He thrust his tongue into my wet hole, fucking it with his mouth.

“Oh , Alex, oh yes, eat my pussy. Ohhhh, it feel’s so good.” I moaned

He brought his mouth to my clit, sucking it in. I felt a finger slip into my cunt, rubbing in and out. Another finger soon joined that one as he assaulted my clit.

“Oh, yes. Suck my clit! Finger fuck me. Alex, oh god Alex. I’m Cumming, I’m Cumming!” I moaned loudly. My body shuddered in release. Alex continued to suck and lick my clit and thrust his fingers in and out of my hole. He lapped up my juices as they came pouring out. 

“Alex, fuck me. I want to feel you cock inside of me.”

He stood and drew down his boxers. His cock jutted out from his body at full mast. It was the biggest cock I had ever seen. It was at least 10 inches, thick and it curved up a bit.

He knelt down and positioned his prick at the opening of my hole. He slowly slid in stretching my pussy wide open. I gasped at his girth.

“Oh God Aimee, you’re so tight.” He thrust his whole length into my wet waiting twat. He grabbed my hip and thrust in and out. I moaned loudly as he ground his hips into mind. I wrapped my legs around him forcing him deeper in side.

“Fuck me Alex, fuck me harder!” I screamed.

He grabbed my hips and lifted them into the air. Grunting, he pulled out so only his cock head was in and thrust his entire shaft in until his balls slapped against my ass. 

“Alex! I’m Cumming again, I’m Cumming again!” I screamed out as my second orgasm hit. 

He thrush harder. “Aimee I’m gonna cum!”

“Cum in my cunt. I want to feel you shoot your load inside of me.” I moaned.

Groaning, he gave a giant hard thrust shooting his load deep inside of me. He collapsed onto me and rolled onto his side, bringing me with him.

“My god Aimee, that was…”

“Great.” I finished for him. We both laughed and started to kiss. We didn’t her that the door had opened only a few minute earlier.

To Be Continued...



Note To Reader: This is one of the first I have written. Feedback is gladly accepted! (Good or Bad). I hope you enjoyed it!