 My name is Dan. I'm twenty five, married and own a business. Its nature is unimportant to the story. I mention it only because I have enough capable employees to enable me to be away whenever I like, for as long as I like -- within reason, of course.

When asked to serve on the board of a local civic organization, I agreed, replacing a member whose company had transferred him to another city.

At the first meeting I attended, one of the members I met is a very lovely lady named Lucille, whom I guess, since I've never asked, is about twice my age.

A month later, following the next mid-morning meeting of the board, some of us stood outside talking before going to our cars. Lucille was in a foursome heading the same direction in which all of us had parked. When the others reached their cars, the two of us continued talking on the way to ours.

"Do people ever call you Lucy?" I asked.

"Seldom. Especially after they learn that I hate the nickname. I prefer Cille. As in Christmas or in 'arf, arf'," she grinned and, stiff-armed, clapped her hands waist-high to mimic a sea lion.

"Are you in a rush to get somewhere, Cille, or would you allow me to buy you a fish?"

She grinned again. "I planned to eat at home, but it's nearly lunch time, so, sure, you can buy me a fish. In a sandwich."

We drove our own cars and met at a nearby restaurant.

"How about a drink before lunch?" I asked.

"I'm not much of a drinker, but why not? I'd like a glass of white wine." 

She slipped out of her jacket, then lowered her eyes when she noticed that I was admiring her breasts. 

"You're embarrassing me, Dan," she said. Her nipples became apparent as we both were aware of our sensual arousal.

"I apologize. However, to phrase it delicately, I think you are very nicely endowed." 

"Don't say such things. I'm an old married woman and you make me feel funny inside."

"Well, looking at you and thinking what I'm thinking is also making me feel funny inside."

She reached for her jacket, which was draped over the back of her chair. 

"I think I'd better go," she said.

"Have you ever had an affair?" I asked.

Shocked at my question, she paused, then replied, "It's none of your business, but heavens no!"

"Would you like to have an affair with me?"

"What?" she snapped incredulously.

" Will you have an affair with me?"

"I ought to slap your face."

"I agree. But you haven't answered my question. Before you slap my face, tell me, have you ever thought of having an affair?"

"Of course not."

"Never?"

"I suppose I've thought about it once or twice."

"Recently?"

"Oh for crying out loud. Yes, fairly recently."

"Look, Lucille, you're home alone from the time your husband and daughter leave in the morning until your daughter gets home from school late in the afternoon. I can get away from my business almost anytime I want. So, we easily could enjoy each other? Think about it. Call me at work if you're interested. Or let me know at the next board meeting."

"Don't hold your breath waiting for my call. And now I'll have to resign from the board."

She flounced out of the restaurant, leaving me feeling stupid and terribly disappointed. Her ass is as nice as her tits, I thought as I watched her depart.

A week later, when I answered my first phone call of the morning, a shy voice said, "Dan, this is Cille. I've thought a lot about what you want us to do. Are you still interested?"

"Of course. I've never stopped being interested."

"Can you come over?"

"I'll be there as fast as I can."

I grabbed my briefcase so it would hide my hard-on as I raced to my car.

"You're a quick one," Lucille said when she answered the door.

Once inside, I took her in my arms and told her, "This won't be a quickie if I can help it."

I put my hand under her chin and tipped her face so I could more easily kiss her. I put my lips against hers. She either was surprised or unsure if she wanted this to happen, for her kiss was tentative.

"Is this the way you kiss your husband?"

"It's been so long since we've kissed that I don't remember."

"Open your mouth so I can touch your tongue with mine."

Her kiss again was tentative. I rubbed my tongue along her lips and she reluctantly parted them. When I tried to enter her mouth, I encountered her teeth. I continued to rub my tongue across her lips. She opened her mouth wide enough to enable our tongues to touch.

When this happened, she twisted her mouth sideways and opened it so my tongue could enter all the way. She immediately sucked it as she rubbed against my hard-on.

I grabbed the soft cheeks of her ass and pulled her against my cock as I moved my tongue in and out of her sucking lips. She put her hands on my ass and squeezed. Our kissing and dry-fucking intensified until we both were breathing so hard that we had to pause.

As we continued to clutch each other, she rested her head on my chest and whispered, "Would you like to sit on the sofa or should we go to the bedroom?"

"What do you think?"

"The bedroom." 

"I'll say."

While following her to the bedroom, I put my hands on her shoulder to stop her, then moved them to her breasts and pressed my cock against her back.

"Watching the way your ass wiggles makes me want to talk dirty to you. Feeling your tits as I rub my prick against you is giving me an unbelievable hard-on. Do you remember how I admired your tits that day in the restaurant?"

She leaned the back of her head against my chest and put her hands over mine which were fondling her tits.

"Of course I remember. I often thought about it, because you're the only man who ever told me what you did. You're also the only man besides my husband who has touched me where you are. And his touches, even when my breasts were bare, never made me as wet as I am right now."

"Talk dirty to me, Cille."

"I've never said the words you've said, Dan, but I want so much to please you." Her voice softened as she said, "I love the way you're playing with my tits and the feeling it gives me all over." Then, even more softly and shyly, she added, "I'd love to feel the hard thing pressing against my back deep inside me."

We groped each other as we headed for the bedroom. Once there, we lay across the bed with our mouths lustily swapping spit. I put my hand under her skirt and cuddled her crotch.

"Stick out your tongue," she urged.

I thought she was going to suck it. Instead, she licked it everywhere her tongue could reach. What a turn-on. Almost as great as when I pushed my hand under the waistband of her panties in order to cover her furry mons and put my finger into her welcoming wet twat.

I no longer could wait to fuck her. I got off the bed, pulled off her panties without even removing her shoes, and lowered my pants and shorts around my ankles. Her eyes widened as she gazed at my prick and balls. She spread her legs. I wanted to suck her, but at that moment my prick had other ideas.

I unwrapped a condom, slipped it on, crawled between her thighs and easily plunged my cock into her soaking pussy.

My open mouth covered hers and each of our questing tongues licked the other's.

She purred a soft growling sound as her hands went to my bare ass and pulled me until my balls nudged the crack of her ass. She wrapped her legs around me and sucked my tongue as her cunt did the same to my cock.

If this isn't the best piece of ass ever, I thought, I should stick to eating pussy. We fucked as hard and as fast as we could.

"O-o-oh, Dan," she mumbled into my mouth as warm, slick come filled her cunt and oozed out onto my balls, which I quickly emptied into the condom. 

When I moved beside her on the bed, she removed the condom from my flaccid cock, then tied a knot at the opening. "I'm going to put it under my pillow, and hope it brings me a wet dream tonight."

"I'd give my eyeteeth if my prick was hard enough to fuck you again right now. I'd also love to lick your cunt and taste your come. But I have a two o'clock appointment, so I'm afraid I have to go."

"Can you come back tomorrow? I'll have my clothes off when you get here."

"I wish I could be here to do all sorts of things with you, but I'll be tied up all day tomorrow with a group from out of town. How about the day after tomorrow?"

"My folks are coming tomorrow night and they'll be here through the weekend."

"Cripes, that means I won't get to see you until next week. How about Monday morning? I'll arrange to be gone from work for most of the day."

"I'll be wet and waiting."

"And I'll be hard and willing."

<> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <>

When she answered the door Monday morning, she was wearing a robe.

"You told me you'd have all of your clothes off," I said as I took her into my arms and kissed her passionately.

"There's nothing under this robe but me," she said as we ended our mouth-swabbing kiss.

"I want to lick your pussy," I told her as we moved toward the bedroom.

"I've never done something like that, but I'll let you do it because I want to please you."

"This isn't a matter of you pleasing me. I want us to please each other. It not only would please me to suck your cunt, but I'm sure it would please you too."

In the bedroom, I removed her robe and turned her to face me.

"Your tits are so beautiful and your nipples are so suckable." She moaned softly and put her hand behind my head to hold it close as I greedily savored each hard nipple.

I backed her onto the bed and quickly undressed.

As she stared at my groin, she said, "Your prick is so much nicer looking than my husband's."

A huge drop of pre-come spilled from the slit in my cock. I climbed on the bed far enough to put it close to her face.

"Taste it," I urged, pressing my prick against her lips.

Her wide-open eyes were filled with apprehension as she stared at me.

"Go ahead," I implored, gazing tenderly into her eyes.

Her look softened. Then her tongue licked the drop and before I could move away she had her lips around the head of my prick.

"Stop!" I said.

"Why? I've never tasted a man or had a prick in my mouth. I want to suck you."

"And I'm dying to suck you. So, let me turn around and lie on my back. Then, get on top of me with your cunt against my mouth and we'll suck each other."

It wasn't long before both of us climaxed. Her warm, creamy come was delicious.

After our breathing returned to normal, she surprised me with her newfound candor when she said, "I want you to fuck me. But since you won't be up to it for a while, let's go to the kitchen and have a cup of coffee."

A short time later, we were crossing the living room on our way back to the bedroom. At that moment, the front door opened and a good-looker about the same age as Lucille entered.

"Uh, hi, Norma," Cille stammered, far too embarrassed to say more.

Norma, who was covetously eyeing my prick, said to me, "Hel-l-lo, stud. I live next door." Still looking at me, she said, "Lucille, you sly fox, considering all the good times we've shared, I'm disappointed that you didn't invite me to your little party. Let's make it an orgy." Before Lucille could say a word, Norma whipped off her blouse, unhooked and removed her bra, then winked at me as I stared at her gorgeous tits and my prick began to swell.

What happened after that is one helluva fuck/suck story.