 I had met Mike at work. We were teamed on a few projects together and occasionally would eat lunch at the same table. We became friends.

One night, after work, I ran into him at Max's, the bar where employees from our company go after work for Happy Hour. We ended up sitting side-by-side at the bar while we drank. The more we had to drink, the racier the conversation became.

"You seem very open-minded. I have some porn pictures I bet you'd like", Mike said.

"I'd like to see them", I replied, "Just to see if you really know what I would like!"

The evening ended and I didn't think any more about it until one day a few weeks later when I received an e-mail from Mike. It was password protected and labeled "open at home". I forwarded the message home and opened it that night.

Inside was a note and a "zip" file of several pornographic pictures. The note read. "I hope you find some of these to your liking and are not offended. I included one of me. Grin"

The pictures were of several different people and groups having sex in many different ways, and one of Mike in the nude! He was quite muscular and was holding his large, stiff cock in his hand.

I decided to play along, and wrote him back.

"Wonderful to hear from u....great pic, Mike. Nice 2 see what pushes your buttons. u'll have to tell me more... Grin

i loved all the pics in the zip file u sent me...u covered alot of my fantasies with that one! (Being a Pisces, very visual, and a bit kinky, I have some really GREAT fantasies!)

I especially like FU15...the way her pussy is shaved u can see everything VERY clearly, i like that. i also especially liked GR37...wow, that one really pushed my button! That would be such a turn-on. 

Hope 2 see u again soon...i may stop at Max's for a green beer tomorrow night on the way home. Perhaps I'll run into you (literally?). I'll have green on....SOMEWHERE! verybiggrin me"

After work on St. Paddy's day, I went to Max's for an after-work drink. I didn't see Mike there when I arrived, but he came in shortly after me and sat next to me at the bar.

"So, you liked the pictures, huh?" he asked. "I did," I replied. "There were a couple that really pushed my buttons, and the one of you was...well, it was exciting." "I'm glad you liked it," he said, "I took that one especially for you."

"So where is your green? You said you'd be wearing green somewhere."

"Oh, I am," I teased, "You'll just have to find it!"

Mike looked but couldn't find my green, so he gave up. "I don't think you're wearing green," he said, "Show me." So I did. I turned my stool towards him and pulled up the hem of my skirt so he could see the green thong I was wearing, along with the tops of my stockings and garter belt.

"Damn!" he said, "You never cease to amaze me with how sexy you are!"

"Oh, really?" I asked. "You surprised me with your little slide show! It made me very horny! You know, it's not nice to get a girl all worked up and then leave her hanging!"

I grabbed his hand and led him away from our stools towards the back of the bar. There was an annex room there that was hidden from view by a curtain and rarely used. Once we got inside, I turned and French-kissed him hard.

"So, you want to see my green, huh?" I asked. And I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. Then I removed my green thong and playfully threw it at him.

"God," he said, "you are so gorgeous and sexy!" I replied, "And still horny! Get your ass over here!"

As he came to me he undid his pants, and I slid up to sit on one of the tables and spread my legs. His huge bulge came out of his pants.

He dropped to his knees and shoved his face into my musky wetness. He began nibbling on my clit while he inserted two fingers into my slit. It felt so good! I had come to the bar already aroused, and between that and him finger-fucking and eating me, I couldn't hold back. I felt a gush of cum wet my pussy.

He stood between my spread legs admiring my shaved pussy. "I have wanted this for so long!" he said. He reached into his pocket and brought out a rubber, tore it open, and began to apply it to his prick. "What are you doing?" I asked. "Did I say you needed that? If I wanted to feel rubber I would have fucked a dildo. I want to feel you." And with that, I pulled the rubber from his dick and dropped it on the floor.

He rubbed the head of his enormous cock in my pussy juice and began to slide it into my hole. He was so big, it only went in about an inch! I was too tight for him! I gritted my teeth and told him, "When I say 'now', you push. Push for all you're worth." I contracted my pussy muscles, trying to get them to relax, and thought of anything I could think of to make my pussy as wet as possible. "NOW!" I said, and he drove his enormous cock deep inside me, all the way to his balls. I felt like I was going to rip open; like I was giving birth in reverse. He didn't move at first, allowing me to get used to his size, then started with a slow in-and-out motion. His gigantic dick filled me so much and it felt so wonderful! It wasn't long before my vagina stretched to fit him and he began fucking me harder. He pounded me so fast and furiously that I had to hang on to the table to keep from sliding off.

His huge dick opened my pussy lips in such a way that my clit was getting rubbed with each stroke. It wasn't long until I couldn't stand it any more. "Oh GOD!" I cried. "I'm cumming all over your rod!" 

And as I gushed my wetness on him, he cried, "I'm going to cum! And I'm not wearing a rubber! I need to pull out!"

"DON'T YOU DARE PULL OUT!" I screamed. "I WANT YOUR SPERM DEEP INSIDE ME!"

He shot his load deep inside me where I could feel its warmth. My pussy was spasming after being used so well. He left his dick inside me while he just stood and looked at me. "You are a beautiful and sexy whore," he said. "Damn right!" I replied.

I stood up and put my skirt back on, but tucked the green thong into Mike's shirt pocket. "A little souvenir," I said, and I kissed him good-bye. "Maybe we can do this again sometime."

When I got home, my husband was waiting for me. "You're late," he said. "I have a good reason," I replied.

I went over to him, grabbed his hand and slid it up underneath my skirt and rubbed his fingers on my naked slit. I was still very wet. I took his shiny fingers and put them up to his face so he could smell the musky cum leaking out of my cunt. He took the fingers in his mouth, sucked on them and said, "Mmmm. I guess I get sloppy seconds tonight!"

And he did...but THAT is another story...