 I thought I was the luckiest guy when I met Diane. She was smart, good looking with an incredible body. When we started dating I knew she was the one. A year or so later we were married. I knew many a guy who was jealous because I had Diane as my own. Unfortunately, it didn't take long for things to unravel. Diane soon became tired of having any sex with me. It was one excuse after another. She was too tired, it hurt too much, maybe tomorrow night. I got tired of begging and my eyes started to wander.

There was one person I had been thinking about, Diane's friend Ellen. She was no model for sure. Ellen was maybe twenty-five pounds overweight. She did have a cute face and a bright personality. Her big selling point was her breasts. They were huge and I wanted to get my hands on them. Diane made up for the lack of sex with her shopping trips and her spending money in general. One Saturday she left the house to have her hair and nails done and to go shopping. I knew she wouldn't be back for hours.

As soon as she left I hopped into my car and drove to Ellen's apartment. I rang the bell and Ellen answered.

"What are you doing here Jeff?" she asked.

I barged my way into her place.

"I had to see you," I told her.

Ellen had a quizzical look on her face. She got a bigger surprise when I pulled her into my body and kissed her flush on the lips. 

"I have to have you Ellen," I said.

I seem to remember that she tried to pull away at first. When I placed my hands on the shirt she was wearing and squeezed her tits, Ellen gave into me. We were soon undressing and in a few minutes we were back in Ellen's bedroom. Yes, Ellen had a fleshy body. I didn't care. Ellen got onto her back and I buried my face between her legs. I just went nuts. I slipped my tongue into her fat folds and I began to lap up and down. If you could have heard the noises that Ellen was making. She pulled her legs back to give me full access.

Ellen's pussy tasted so earthy. I buried a finger into her passage and I continued to lick her oozing pussy. I guess you could say I was like an animal in heat. All that lack of sex with my wife had brought me to a hot boil. After some minutes of all that oral sex I pulled my face away. I'm sure Ellen knew what was coming next. I took hold of her ankles and I lifted her legs up. My dick was already hard from licking Ellen. I positioned my mushroom at Ellen's slit and I pushed inside.

Ellen let out this cry as I sunk my prick all the way inside as deep as I could. At first I just held my cock still inside Ellen's tunnel. I would flex my cock muscles in order to get Ellen wound up. I could feel Ellen surrounding my rod with her tight muscles. It felt like a fist that was squeezing my prick. I finally pulled back and began to thrust my cock into her warm pussy. We went at it hard there in Ellen's bed. I don't think Ellen had been having much sex up to that point. 

She kept urging me to fuck her pussy hard.

"Oh my God!, Oh my God!' Ellen kept repeating this mantra.

I could hear the sound of our pubic mounds hitting together. My balls were also slapping against her bottom. It might sound crude but I was taking Ellen like some cheap whore. I stretched out completely and slammed into Ellen's pussy as hard as was possible. You could say we both lost our self control that morning. The strange part was that I brought along condoms with me. I never got to use any of them. Ellen didn't say a word about taking my bare cock. It did feel so much better, feeling skin against skin.

I finally got to the point where I was soon going to blow. I didn't say a word to Ellen. I just flooded her tummy with my hot seed. Ellen's eyes went wide. She squeezed me tighter and milked as much of my cum out of me as she could.

"I need your cum Jeff," Ellen screamed.

I kept squirting wads of cream inside her body. Ellen's body shook as she got every drop from me. We maybe went fifteen minutes until I felt like the tank was empty. I waited until I got soft before I pulled out. When I did, my cream came spilling out of Ellen's hole. She reached down and scooped some up with her fingers. She brought my cum to her lips and she tasted our love juices. 

Ellen got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. When she returned we rested in bed together. I told her how things were with Diane and myself. Ellen revealed that she was jealous of Diane. She said she had a thing for me but she didn't want to upset the apple cart. It was too late now. We had done the deed. Ellen went down on my cock. She somehow made me hard once more with her mouth. Once my cock was standing straight, Ellen mounted me.

She brought her fleshy body above my dick and then she sunk down on me. This was the moment I was waiting for. There were those giant tits right above me. I brought my hands up and squeezed her mounds of flesh. One thing was for sure, Ellen loved her tits played with. I massaged her melons and I pinched her nipples. That sent Ellen into another world. She got my cock into a tight grip and my dick felt like it was in an vise. I couldn't believe I was still hard after that first fucking. Here I was bringing my ass up from the bed and plowing into Ellen's pussy once more.

This time was for Ellen. She came to a boil and then she began to squirt her juices all over me. I would stop for a few moments and then I began to pound her pussy until she erupted once again. I did manage to shoot a few strands of cum into Ellen this second time around. Ellen collapsed on top of my body and we held each other for a long time.

"Is this going to be a one time thing between us?" Ellen asked.

I told her I wanted to have her as my lover if she wanted that as well. She asked me about Diane. I told her not to worry about my wife. Diane barely knew I existed these days. We got into the shower together to clean up. There was no more fucking but I did manage to fondle those big tits one last time. It was afternoon already and I left Ellen to go back home. Diane still hadn't returned when I got there. When she did arrive I had to see her new hair style and her finger nails. I couldn't have cared less. 

The weird part was Diane calling Ellen to tell her about the hairdo and nails. I wish I could have read Ellen's mind at that moment. One thing I did do before I left Ellen was to get her phone number. Late that night after Diane was asleep, I went down to the family room for some privacy. I called Ellen and she answered immediately.

"I knew you would call me," she said.

We had a hot chat late that night. Ellen said she could still feel my cum swimming around inside her belly. I told her I was still horny for her. I wish I could steal away and come fuck her again. We actually made plans for me to stop over this next week when I knew my wife wouldn't be home. I have no idea how this is all going to play out. I wouldn't be half surprised if I left my wife and took up with Ellen for good.