 For as long as I can remember, I have fantasized about a no strings attached hot as hell rendezvous with an older and sexually confident woman. Little did I know that pain in the ass east coast flooding would stall me in Houston and I would meet that girl.

Stuck at the airport and sipping my dry vodka martini, I found myself glancing around the bar. There were a couple of hot younger girls in short skirts and deeply low cut blouses that showed off very tempting and luscious breasts.

Been there and done plenty of that.

No, this time, I want a lady. An older and wiser woman who loves sex as much as I do. A woman who wants to spend a weekend in pleasure, ordering carry out food and never leaving the bedroom. Once again, erotic scenes flew into my mind and a new daydream drew my attention away from the hustling airport crowd around me.

"Excuse me" the bartender's voice pulled me back to the present.

"Another?" he asked. I checked my watch. "Sure," I said. "Thanks."

Looking down the bar, I glanced back your way. Playing with the oversized olive in your icy martini, I could see that your mind was elsewhere. I caught your eye a couple times earlier but you looked right through me. I was surprised this time when a smile crossed your face as you nodded my way.

"Would you like another martini?" I asked as I approached. I suddenly felt clumsy and awkward as a teenager. I could not help but notice your green eyes contrasting with that hot red dress clinging to your body .

"Why thank you, how sweet of you." You moved your briefcase off the stool next to you so I could join you. The chemistry was tying my tongue in knots and I was relieved when you started telling me the story of how you ended up in the Houston airport when your destination was NYC. 

We laughed and shared a few air travel dramas. The martinis were working their magic and I could see that you were relaxing and enjoying my company. I reached to take a drink, my arm brushing your bare arm. Sizzling sparks caught my breath and made me bite my tongue for control.

Struggling to swallow, I looked into your beautiful green eyes and saw that you had felt the spark too. "You are awfully young," you said with an adorable wink. I slowly reached out my foot and caressed the side of your foot with mine. "I hope you won't hold that against me," I laughed.

As we sipped our drinks, I kiddingly said, "Maybe I should change my flight and catch a connecting flight from LaGuardia instead of Dulles." My hand reached for your back and I gently massaged your shoulder. I felt you lean away from me for just for a moment and then with disbelief, I felt you relax into my touch. 

Irresistibly drawn, I took a chance and kissed your temple. My fingers acting as if they had a mind of their own, swept into the hair at the nape of your neck. I felt you shiver. I gulped hard. I wish there was a manual, I thought to myself.

"See if you can change your flight." You whispered to me as you slid your hand ever so enticingly up my thigh. You turned toward me, closed your eyes and kissed me slow and soft. Lips tender and responsive. I felt a rush below that pretty much paralyzed me.

I reached for my Ipad and raced to find options. Your flight left at 10. I was a man with a mission. This time your hand was on my neck, skillfully squeezing the tightness and gently running your fingernails into my hairline. Fuck. I had to change that flight. 

I didn't even know your name.

Privilege has its perks and it didn't take long to change my reservation and navigate myself into the first class seat right next to yours. You excused yourself and left me to order another round of martinis. I watched you walk away, that ass swinging back and forth my crotch tightening in the same rhythm. God I wanted to touch you.

Nervous but determined, I slugged down the rest of my martini and signaled the bartender for another round. Your beautiful ass wrapped like a Christmas present in that dress was taking my breath away.

Breathe, I said to myself. Breathe. 

I suddenly felt a surge of pressure and excitement all at the same time. I never felt like this before. With younger younger girls, the pressure is different. They are impossible to please and frustrating, but with her, something was different. 

Madame X, damn I wish I had asked your name, you are in for the night of your life.

I came to sensing you sliding back on to the stool next to mine. "There is a booth over there," you said slipping your hand into mine. We grabbed our drinks and claimed the booth.

"How quiet can you be?" I whispered as we slid close together.

"Try me," you giggled in a low laugh that radiated warmth out from the center of my body in all directions. I could feel all control slipping from me. I didn't care who saw or heard us. All I could think of was her breath against my neck.

Behind the tablecloth, I reached for your thigh. Fingertips barely skimming figure eights on your inner thigh, I worked my way in slow motion until I heard your breath speed up and felt your legs began to let go. I felt the resistance and I get it. I am a stranger for you and even though public sex is super hot, I know to trust my Lady's timing.

You started to move your hips back and forth matching my motions. You reached out and grabbed my arm pressing your breast against my bicep and looked me right in the eye. Your eyes glazed with delight sparkled back at me and I bite my lip when I see the pure pleasure on your face. My payoff is your surrender to pleasure. I feel myself stiffen in response to your delight.

I reached my free hand across the table and you met mine with yours. I rested my hand on your thigh as we both leaned forward and our lips met and the hunger surged as I opened myself to your body pressing into mine.

With barely controlled passion I pulled away from you as we played the fuck-in-public-game. Slowing the pace again, with every bit of my will power, I allow my hand to crawl up your back and into your hair. Your hands responded by wandering down my thigh. I know you felt me tremble at your touch and I had to choke back a moan.

Glancing down I saw your full nipples firm and reaching for me through the fabric of your dress. I reached across you to grab a menu just so I could cup your beautiful breast in my hand hidden from sight. This time I couldn't stifle the moan and neither could you. Your head leaned back and you closed your eyes now breathing hard and fast.

Orgasm hit you and you grabbed my hand. Holding it on your lower belly with fingers just curving under to hold you, my other arm around you you leaned into me. I rocked and held you as I watched you cum with quick pants and whispered moans.

"Someone will hear." you gasp. "You are so good." Now and then you bit your lower lip and held your breath for a second, then a quiet little laugh as you shivered through wave after wave. Your hand on my hand squeezing to let me know how when you were peaking.

"Hey baby?" you gasped after more than ten minutes whispered by.

"Yeah darlin..."

"Your turn on the flight...promise."

I pulled you close and kissed the top of your head.

"Please don't stop..." you whispered to me.

I laughed and held you tight. "Oh, don't you worry, I am not going anywhere."

As if on cue, the loudspeaker announced our flight was now boarding. A stream of giggling hit you as you straightened your hair and blouse. "How did you time that?" 

"I have super powers." I laughed back at you. "Let's go catch that flight."

Glancing down I saw finally saw your name on your ticket.

"Nice to know you, Angel.