 It had begun almost twenty years earlier on a warm spring day. The sky was blue with billowy white clouds that emphasized the start of a day when I'd known I would be home alone until almost midnight. It had already grown boring before ten that morning.

After a quick shower and a rapidly conceived plan to visit a girlfriend that also had been dateless at twenty years old I hoped she would be home and might be willing to drive around with me until we could find something interesting to occupy us. I wouldn't call her but just drop in unannounced and surprise her. I dressed in shorts and a white shirt that I tied above my waist. The tie gave my tits enough support and so a bra wasn't needed although I am a big girl.

As I walked out the kitchen door to head for my car I noticed the man next door. He was at least fifteen years older than me and was married but he was tall and always friendly toward me. I said "Hi" and he smiled before answering back.

"Are you home alone? Where's the family?" he asked.

"My brother is gone to spend a week at my Uncle's place and for my folks it's Date night. They won't be home until almost midnight." I said as I came down the steps.

"My wife is gone too and going to spend a couple of days taking care of her Mom." he said before continuing. "I was wondering. Would you like to see something I have in the back of my garage?"

I was surprised and didn't know what he meant but I said "Sure. What've you got?"

He pointed at his garage and then escorted me to it. His car was already inside and he told me to go ahead down one side then he followed me. I hadn't realized I was blocked in and when I got to the back of the garage I looked around but saw nothing then when I turned to ask him what it was he smiled and asked "Have you ever been on a date?"

That caught me by surprise but I blushed and said "No. Boys just aren't interested in bigger girls."

"You know when you graduated High School and your Mom invited my wife and I to see the ceremony I just about had to be dragged over to the school. You wore your cap and gown all day it seemed and then after graduation you came back to us all and took off the cap and gown. You wore the prettiest dress under it and for the first time I noticed how pretty you are."

I blushed but he went on before I could say thank you. "Any boy would be lucky to have you. You have a full curvy figure and a great personality." he added.

Now I was blushing then after a minute of long silence he asked "What do you think of older men? Would you ever go out with one?"

I began to wonder if he knew some guy that liked younger women and was trying to set me up on a blind date. "I think some older men are very interesting" I said thinking he might get to the point.

"Have you ever seen a naked man?" he asked "Are you interested at all?" 

Perhaps then I should have been suspicious but I simply answered "I've seen my brother and sure I suppose all girls are interested." I answered and still was so naive that I had no idea where the conversation was heading.

"I've wondered a long time what you might look like ready for a man." he said and swallowed hard. Then suddenly he reached down and grabbed himself and said "This is what you do to me. Ever since that night at your graduation I've wanted to be with you. I get so hard that it hurts and drives me nearly insane when I see you and especially when I see you like this in shorts and wearing no bra. I'll bet you have no panties on under it either, do you?"

I almost panicked and realized how I was trapped between the wall, his car and him but then he reached out, took my hand and guided it to that same hardness he was holding. It was warm to my hand and responded eagerly to my touch. Instantly it seemed all my pent up desire surged within me and I wanted to touch it naked in my hand.

"That's good. Feel it? Why don't you take it out and see what you do to me? Maybe we can both find some peace and fill passions we both have." he whispered.

When slow responding but not wanting to release it he pulled my hand free and quickly opened his belt and then his pants. He held my hand tightly as his pants fell then brought my hand back. He'd worn nothing beneath the pants and suddenly it was filling my hand and I heard myself moan. I hadn't realized how firm yet soft it would feel when finally I could touch a naked man. He was large but I wouldn't appreciate how large until a few years later.

"Your hand feels so good. Here let me help." he said as he reached out and untied my shirt then I felt him fondling me breasts.

"You've just taken a shower haven't you? Your body is fresh and soft everywhere and I can smell the dampness of the shower." he said as his thumb found my nipple and began playing with it.

I wasn't exactly a virgin although I'd never been touched sexually by a boy or man but my girlfriend's mother had bought her daughter and me a toy on her sixteenth birthday. I never told my Mom about it but had used it ever since and some days I couldn't get enough even when the batteries were dead. It felt good imagining having sex and the result overpowered my attention every time.

My girlfriend had a girl cousin that used to tell her stories about her amorous adventures and then they were passed on to me. I thought I'd heard everything and sometimes I could think of nothing else. My girlfriend was fat like me and we'd found out that boys don't like fat girls.

"Do you know how to start?" the neighbor man asked as my mind returned to our position in his garage.

"What do you mean?" I asked in a voice that didn't seem to be my own.

"I'll show you. Let me climb up here on the fender of the car first." he said without moving to let me get by and I still wasn't ready to release my handhold.

"Now suck it." he said then added "Every session of sex should begin with a girl giving her man a blowjob before they do anything else. If you haven't been with a boy then I'll teach you."

He cupped his hand behind my neck and pulled me down until I felt it against my lips. "Open your mouth and let it inside." he said.

I did and it hurt as it stretched my mouth when he drove it in. "Now use your tongue on it all around while you suck It." he commanded.

"That's it but suck harder. Give me all you can." he said as he began moving it in and out. After another minute he said "Swallow it if you can." but I gagged several times and couldn't get it down.

"That's okay." he said finally "We'll work on it and eventually you'll really be able to satisfy a man this way but right now give me all you can as I move it in and out."

It wasn't bad at all and I was beginning to like it too much I suppose. Suddenly he held my head tight and pushed it to the back of my throat as he said "Here's your reward. Swallow it and show me you like It." he added as his voice changed and his body seemed to jerk then I felt it.

It filled my mouth with heat and I had to swallow so that I could breathe. I lost some of it and it ran down the corners of my mouth but it wasn't bad even though I really had no idea it would come as it had. Again and again it repeated until I thought there'd be no end of it all.

"That's a good girl. You are truly as capable as you are beautiful and in a minute I'm going to give you a reward." I heard him add softly as it continued until I thought I would drown but then as suddenly as it had begun it began slowing until finally it stopped. "Lick it off your face then clean me up with your mouth." I heard him say as I gasped for air. I'd been holding my breath so long that my chest hurt and I needed as much air as I could get. His hands found my tits again and as everything settled they felt good. 

I did clean him and I would remember that taste for a long time. My girlfriend had told me that she'd been told it was salty and it was, just a little bit, but I thought it was a lot like eating a handful of potato chips that were flavored with a little sweet taste mixed with the salt and I liked it. That must be when my need of it began to grow until now it swells within me every time.

While it was going on I noticed that I'd climaxed but it was different than when I used my toy. It was like a whole new world of experience to my body and I'd forgotten my pussy while it was happening. The rest of my life was like that as if there were two totally different needs that would never mix for me. I was completely satisfied with either conventional sex (if there is such a thing) or oral sex and when I receive both I am completely fulfilled until my next session or opportunity.

Suddenly he took a deep breath and climbed down from the fender then found and loosened the button and zipper of my shorts before he slid them down over my hips. I was self-conscious about my fat tummy and tried to hide it although I didn't resist him. He stepped out of his pants then took off his shirt and said "Now we're going to get to the rest although there will be a lot more to teach you in the coming weeks."

I felt thrilled that it meant this wasn't going to be just once. I wondered how we were going to do it and what would come next.

Quite suddenly he lifted me onto the fender of the car and spread my knees as he stepped between them. A moment passed as we looked into each other's eyes and then he had it in his hand and swept it between the lips of my pussy. I think I moaned and he told me how wet I was then asked if I was ready. I think I nodded and he began a gentle entry while telling me "You have a small, tight, very pretty pussy and it feels so good."

He was larger than I'd been used to when I played and yet it felt good as I worried that it couldn't all fit. He stopped then and asked if I used anything or if he should go into his house for a condom. At first I was confused but then I told him quickly that my Mom had put me on the pill when I'd turned seventeen and she wouldn't believe me when I told her I'd never been with a boy. I think she assumed that every girl does it and won't tell her Mom.

He was happy to hear it and then continued. "I think we both know that the pill is not a hundred percent effective at prevention" but I said nothing and wanted it all. I could barely believe it was happening finally and if it hurt I didn't care. I knew all women lived through it. It had all been on my mind for so long that I wanted to experience everything and I didn't think about his age or how it had all begun minutes before.

I think I told him how good it felt and I remember he smiled and told me that I hadn't known it all yet as he drove full depth.

I bit my lip as he paused and then the pain was gone and the pleasure surfaced. It was immediately better than anything I'd imagined.

I needed purchase and raised my legs around him as we began an all or nothing effort and it came out as 'all.'

With each climax he congratulated me and he continued until finally he barely managed to warn me before he filled me. My girlfriend had said she was told a girl couldn't feel it when a man climaxed but I felt it all.

He collapsed against me without withdrawing but as minutes passed and our breathing eased he finally softened and I was saddened as it fell free.

We were both sweating profusely when he said "Okay girl it's clean up time again. Get down there and clean me."

This time it was even sweeter because I could taste me mixed with him and I took my time and enjoyed it all.

Finally he hugged me and it wasn't quite noon when he helped me dress and then escorted me into his house for something to quench my thirst and to give me lunch. "You're more than any man could ask for and it was better than I knew it would be. Your body is as sweet as you are pretty girl."

I'd examined myself over many hours in my life and knew every inch of me. I knew my face was pretty but it was fat. I knew my ass was far too large and yet I was proud of my tits. I knew boys liked tits. I had strong legs but my largest hate was the fat little tummy I could never lose. It was sweet to hear a man telling me he liked it.

During lunch he talked a lot and told me how special I was and how much I'd given him then he stopped and said that we had to keep it a secret because if his wife or my family found out about it we would be ruined. He asked me if I was going to tell anyone and after a moment of thought, when I feared we might not do it again if I told anyone, I promised I wouldn't. He kissed me then and said we would have to be very careful when and how we got together in the future. When I agreed he said "Let's do it again. I'll do it the same way and we can teach you other ways some other time."

I felt better knowing there were other ways and began looking forward to them.

To my complete surprise the second time was even better than the first and he lasted longer keeping me even more excited and content. Now I knew that dicksucking was a pleasure divorced from straight sex and almost as intense. I definitely began to crave it. After only a couple of weeks he'd managed to force it into and down my throat. I felt even greater elation at that achievement and happily showed my appreciation at every subsequent opportunity.

It was difficult but we managed to find moments of extreme pleasure without being discovered and it paused only after I'd graduated from Community college and moved away from home for my last two years at university. 

University was more than one hundred fifty miles from home and although I'd grown conditioned to regular sex with him I managed to shelve it temporarily.

I had my own apartment and was into the second semester at university having trouble in one of my classes. I mentioned it to a new girlfriend and she suggested that I consult and maybe ask for help from the instructor. She also mentioned that she'd heard he was a 'Horn Dog' of the first order.

The thought intrigued me because if that meant what I thought it did, then I might have at least a chance at a passing grade.

It was a night class and that Friday before class I dressed as provocatively as I thought would be allowed walking around campus. Before class I walked to the front of the room and asked the instructor for help. He gave me a time after class to come see him in his office. The time was late and I asked if the offices would be closed. He told me they were but that he would listen for my knock and let me in. I smiled in appreciation.

I arrived a few minutes early and tried the door into the Academics area and found it locked. There seemed nobody around and I waited. At the time of my appointment I banged on the door and waited. A few minutes passed and I was about to leave when he came to the door, opened it and let me in before locking the door again.

He walked me to his office and told me to sit down. He seemed about ten years older than me but several years younger than my neighbor was. After he'd sat and moved things on his desk, he turned to me and immediately I noticed him checking my cleavage and then my legs. He smiled and asked what my problem was in class.

I tried to explain but kept being distracted by his wandering eyes. Was he undressing me with them?

When I'd finished my attempted explanation he looked me over again and told me he thought he could help me but then asked if I had a boyfriend. I told him I didn't and he smiled before telling me that perhaps we could work something out to improve my grade.

I asked what he meant and he smiled before telling me that he'd always enjoyed larger girls and found me interesting. I was beginning to sense where he was going and leaned over and asked another question while I studied his face and eyes. He was definitely interested in my cleavage.

"I'll do anything." I said and could almost feel his eagerness.

"That is an interesting blouse you're wearing. Do you ever wear a bra?" he asked almost gleeful in his question.

"I don't know what you mean by that question but I seldom wear a bra unless I'm going somewhere formal." I told him and tried to appear as if I was forcing a smile.

"I'd be interested in finding out more about what is beneath that blouse and skirt." he said while no longer hiding his interest. "Perhaps you'll find me interesting too when you see what I have to offer you." he added.

He stood and locked the door into his office and then before he turned around I watched his arms busy in front of him and had an inkling what he was doing. When he turned back his dick was rigid and extending between the zipper of his pants.

"What do you think?" he asked and although he was a bit smaller than my neighbor had been he still had a large dick.

"Oh my!" I said trying to appear surprised and impressed before he stepped forward. He stopped with it only an inch from my face.

"Do you think you can do anything with it?" he asked leering at me.

I studied it and slowly reached out my hand and gripped the shaft. "Maybe I could...?" I began but he reached out quickly and grabbed my head and pulled it onto it. "Open your mouth." he demanded and then I realized his need to dominate the situation.

I opened my mouth and he drove in hard as I tilted my head and looked into his face. "That's it girl now work it." he insisted as his other hand joined in, pulled my head closer, and he began a succession of rapid thrusts.

I deliberately held back even though, after so long without it, I wanted to devour it. When finally I pretended that it was his success that let him enter my throat I was slightly disappointed that it left a void where my neighbor had so often filled it. 

Perhaps it was because I was a new girl to him or perhaps only his general eagerness but the Professor didn't last long and when I pulled back I felt a little cheated. After I'd cleaned him he smiled and told me I was a good girl, he was happy that I knew what to do afterwards, and that we would have fun often in the future.

He told me then that he had to get home but that we'd get deeper into things in the next few weeks. I knew he wasn't married, or at least no longer married because perhaps his ex had caught him with a student. He told me that on Monday night I was to meet him there at the same time.

On Monday I made him undress completely and lie on his back on the floor and then I crawled between his legs and took my time. I paused every time he appeared to be getting close to a climax and he would moan and beg me to start again. After more than thirty minutes I decided that although it wasn't nearly as good as I'd been having at home at least it was a decent substitute. I managed to release my misgivings and began to experience my own orgasms. I was back into that part of my sexual interests that had to be divorced, for at least a few minutes, before any other sex for time that would allow my interests to again shift for regular intercourse.

Perhaps again I should explain that I have two sexual modes and they need time for me to relax and shift between them. Each of these modes is intense and separate. Dicksucking is important to me and occupies my mind and body fully and separate from intercourse.

This time when he wanted to cut my visit short I refused and mounted him on my knees. In minutes he was begging me again. He'd lost his need to dominate me.

After being without so long I needed it completely and although he wasn't as satisfying as my first lover it was still good. Each orgasm began slowly and built within me until my entire body was on fire and in an instant of electrical discharge I'd moan and explode. When finally I allowed him to release it was with extreme satisfaction that I felt his heat fill me.

After I'd left him and was on my way home I wondered if he'd ever had it as good as I was. He definitely had needs and he'd been surprised when I took command but he was docile when I'd finished.

I completed the semester with a perfect GPA in his class and we continued through the next semester even though I didn't have him for any of my classes.
