 I reject your reality, and substitute my own.

This story is going to require putting aside a lot of 'that could never happen' moments in your mind, but isn't that what fantasy is about? This story is meant to arouse, pure and simple. I hope you like it, and please do cast your vote when you finish.

****

"Well, Mr. Phillips, it seems your luck is holding. I'd say we can have you out of those casts in another week or so."

John chuckled while glancing at the casts on his arms and legs that had left him bedridden since the accident weeks before. "If you want to call it luck."

Doctor Davis smiled, enhancing her already attractive features, and shook her head, causing her curly brunette locks to bounce. "When you meet the business end of a forklift, getting away with only broken arms and legs is lucky." She then yawned.

"Sorry to keep you up."

The doctor waved her hand in a dismissive gesture. "I'm at the end of my normal day. The last thing we want is to delay your recovery by going against your internal clock. You've worked graveyard shift for over a decade now."

"I appreciate it."

"Well, I'll see you tomorrow. Have a good night."

John watched her leave, his eyes locked on the sexy sway of her bottom. It was one of the few times when he allowed himself the luxury of admiring his stunning doctor. The hospital robe and thin sheets did little to hide an erection, and Doctor Davis certainly had that effect on him.

His manhood swelling beneath the sheets, John lay his head back and wondered how he'd managed to rate such gorgeous doctors and nurses. It was torture at times, but the distraction from his immobility was certainly welcome.

After two years of unwelcome abstinence brought on by long work hours and working the graveyard shift, leaving him awake when everyone else was asleep, he was willing to take what he could get.

****

"One. Two. Three," Amber counted out, and then the blonde smiled. "Rock crushes scissors — I win."

Amber's brunette opponent pouted, lamenting her luck at losing this little game two times in a row. "Lucky bitch."

Amber tossed her golden curls and let an evil grin spread across her face. "You'll win another one eventually." She unbuttoned the top button of her scrubs as she walked over to retrieve a cart with a basin sitting atop it. The tiny opening really revealed nothing at the moment, but she knew that would change when she bent over.

Cathy's mouth dropped open when Amber pushed the cart out in front of the nurse's station. "Oh my god — you're not wearing a bra, you slut."

"I have less to work with, so I have to flaunt it a little," Amber responded to her friend and colleague, who had a full cup size advantage. "I'm going to get a twitch out of that cock one way or another."

Cathy shivered. "If it ever happens to me, I'll probably faint. He's as thick soft as my boyfriend is when he's hard."

"At least you have a boyfriend. I'm just going through batteries," Amber responded as she pushed the cart toward John's room.

****

Here we go again, John thought as the nurse pushed the cart into his room and shut the door.

"Bath time, Mr. Phillips."

As always, John kept his eyes on her face, or stared at the ceiling while the nurse pulled the cart next to the bed and opened his robe. In his mind, he ran through a day at work, letting the details distract him from the attractive woman stroking a warm sponge over his chest.

"You should be able to do this yourself before long," Amber remarked as she dipped the sponge again and leaned over the bed.

"Looking forward to it," John responded, and glanced down. He immediately wished that he hadn't, because he could see straight down the blonde nurse's top. Though her nipples were still hidden in shadows, he could see both obviously firm globes, and knew that she wasn't wearing a bra. He snapped his eyes back to the ceiling, turning his thoughts to the start-of-day procedure at work, the most tedious portion of his normal day.

The sight of her bared charms had eroded his willpower, however. He could feel the faint tingle between his legs, and fought against it with everything he had. When the sponge moved lower, he had to turn his thoughts to even less arousing ones. Despite imagining the most obese, ugly woman he knew, he was losing the fight. When the sponge stroked over his thighs, it was over.

His cock swelling and straightening beyond any ability to control, John muttered, "Sorry," his face warming as blood rushed there as well.

"It's okay," Amber replied, "It's a natural reaction. I was actually a little concerned that you might have some restricted blood flow that the doctor might need to look into."

She continued to wash him despite his ever-growing erection, as if nothing had changed, but it did little to curb John's embarrassment. By the time she stroked the sponge over his family jewels, he was as hard as a rock and twitching from her touches.

"You have nothing to be embarrassed about," Amber said as she curled the sponge around his cock. "Just relax, we're almost done."

John couldn't help but close his eyes and revel in the feeling as she spent a long time stroking the moist sponge over his cock. When she'd lingered for what must have been a full minute, he opened his eyes and glanced down his body. He found her staring at his cock with nearly undisguised desire in her eyes as she squeezed the sponge tighter around him.

"It's getting a little dry," John suggested as he winced from the sponge scraping over his hard flesh.

"Sorry," Amber apologized as she uncurled her hand from around him, causing him to throb and twitch. Her voice had a husky quality that matched the hunger in her eyes, and he could see her stiff nipples pressing against the material of her scrubs.

"It's okay," John responded as he locked eyes with her. Her deep blue eyes drew him in, and some distant part of him was aware that she was breathing heavily. "It felt good," he said, his tongue acting before his brain could stop it.

Amber sucked in a deep breath and shuddered. She smiled and said, "That's my job — to get you feeling better."

"It's working," John said, caught up in her beautiful face, sexy body, and her eyes falling to his cock as he spoke.

"There's something else I could do," she said in a breathless whisper.

In complete disbelief, John couldn't answer that. The hard organ dancing between his legs was speaking volumes, however.

Amber curled her soft hand around his shaft, her fingers unable to touch around his girth. She stroked her hand slowly over him, using the other to pop open more buttons on her scrubs, fully revealing her breasts to him.

"Incredible," he sighed as the perky globes emerged from beneath the cloth.

Amber moved her hand down to the base of his erection, leaving just the swollen head and a little over an inch of the shaft exposed above her fingers. That didn't last long, as she leaned down to take him in her mouth.

John let out a short, quiet groan as her hot mouth surrounded him. She bobbed her head over him, her lips stretched wide around his girth. Her long blonde hair tickled him as her lips and tongue worked their magic on his cock.

He winced a little as his casts bit into him from the involuntary muscle contractions that she was causing as she sucked him. When she looked up into his eyes at the top of a stroke, his hips bounced upward, pushing his tip against the back of her tongue.

Though she let out a little gagging cough, she didn't release him. He could see a thick coating of her saliva on his cock, which was now dripping down over her hand as well.

It had been a while, even before the accident that had laid him up, and John knew he wasn't going to last much longer. "Close," he warned in a whispered grunt.

Amber responded only by sucking him even harder and faster. John clenched his teeth, fighting against the groans that wanted to escape him. He still growled, deep in his throat, when he erupted.

Amber quietly moaned around him as she sucked and swallowed, drinking up his cum as it spurted from him again and again. Thankfully, she released him when he grew too sensitive to handle any more, because he couldn't even move enough to push her away if she hadn't.

"Holy shit," John groaned once he recovered his breath. He looked up at Amber to see her still bare breasted, daubing at the saliva on her chin with a towel.

A little fear crept into her eyes as she appeared to realize what she'd done. "You won't tell anyone, will you? I could lose my job. I shouldn't have done that."

"Not a soul. God, that was incredible."

Amber buttoned her scrubs and smiled, convinced by the tone in his voice. "Are you okay for me to wash you off?"

John let out another quiet groan and answered, "Not really, but make it quick."

He breathed heavily as she sponged away her saliva and his cum from his softening cock, and then let out a sigh of relief when she blotted him dry.

"I need to get back to the station," she said as she closed his robe, but not until she'd allowed herself another lingering glance at his cock.

"Wish I could do something for you."

Amber purred, "Me too. I'm so wet. Do you want a taste?"

"Oh yeah."

She glanced back at the door for a second, and then quickly pulled down the front of her pants. She tugged aside her pink panties, revealing the most beautiful pussy he'd ever seen, and dipped a finger inside her.

He sucked her glistening finger clean as she covered herself again with her other hand.

"You taste good."

"So did you. I've got to go. You won't tell anyone?"

"Nobody. Wouldn't want you to get in trouble."

"I'm already in trouble. I'm going to be horny as hell for the rest of the night," Amber remarked, and then pushed her cart toward the door.

John smiled as she let her hips sway for his adoring eyes, wondering if this was a one time thing, or whether bath time had just become a lot less nerve-wracking.

****

"That took longer than usual," Cathy remarked with a crooked smile when Amber returned to the station. "So..?"

Amber looked around to make sure that nobody else was near, and then curled her fingers to show the girth of his cock.

"Oh — my — god," Cathy whispered. "Seriously?"

Amber nodded.

"He didn't freak out, did he?"

Amber shook her head. "I said that it was a good sign that he didn't have any blood flow restrictions and he seemed okay after that."

"I don't suppose we could skip the game and just let me have a turn next time?"

Amber replied, "Oh no," and then let out a little laugh.

Cathy sat down and said, "Bitch." She then laughed as well, and gestured for her friend to sit down. "Okay, describe every little detail of it so I can fantasize about it the next time Ron's humping on me."

Amber sat down as well, and leaned in close to tease her friend — and herself.

****

Cathy pushed the cart into John's room, feeling a rush of euphoria from having won the rock-paper-scissors round to have her turn bathing the handsome young patient. She'd taken a cue from Amber, removing her bra and leaving a button unhooked before preparing the cart.

She could feel the tingle of fresh wetness between her legs when she saw the bulge beneath his hospital robe. She'd seen him many times, and knew that the increased hump meant that he was already hard. She wasn't even going to have to try to tease him to erection. It was all she could do not to shudder and touch herself when she opened his robe to see it in all its glory.

"Sorry about that," John said, though there wasn't much in the way of apology in his tone.

"It's quite okay. We were on the verge of mentioning it to the doctor because we were concerned about constricted blood flow." Cathy dipped the sponge and added, "Doesn't look like we have to worry about that." She turned away for a second to hide her wince when she heard the desire in her voice.

"I guess it will probably be easier to wash with all the wrinkles out," John joked, his erection twitching before her eyes, and his gaze locked on her revealed cleavage.

Cathy felt a little self-conscious under his stare for a moment, but she couldn't think of much else for long with his fascinating, amazingly thick cock only inches away from her. Though only average in length, it was bigger around than any cock she'd ever seen — or even imagined. She had little trouble keeping a smile on her face as she brought the sponge to his body.

The little sighs that he emitted as she washed him served to drive her to a fever pitch. The tingle between her legs quickly transformed into an ache, and she found it nearly impossible to avoid drinking in the sight of him — so hard and throbbing. 

"You seem a little distracted," John said with a smile, his eyes unashamedly roaming over her body, especially her breasts.

"You're usually pretty nervous during a sponge bath," Cathy responded, beginning to suspect that her friend had done more than seen his cock last time.

"It was just a little intimidating to have a beautiful woman standing over you while you were naked, at first."

Cathy dipped the sponge again to wash his lower abdomen, still well-defined with muscle despite the weeks of forced bed rest. "Thank you. Amber must have done a good job of convincing you to relax."

"Yeah, she did."

Cathy's suspicions grew even stronger from the tone in his voice. It wouldn't be the first time that her friend had done something risky with a patient. A few months earlier, Amber had admitted to baring her breasts and pussy for a kindly — if lusty — old man dying of cancer to fulfill his final wish.

She didn't know at the time that she was the third in line to do so, following Cathy and another nurse on an earlier shift. The three had shared a quiet laugh, and it did much to explain why he had passed with such a wide smile on his face.

Another glance at John's cock gave Cathy an urge to lick her lips, and made her wonder if she wasn't second in line this time. The more she considered that Amber might have sucked his cock — or more — the hotter she felt.

Cathy moved on to his loins, his cock now filling her vision and her fantasies. A clear drop of pre-cum welled up from his tip as she washed him, making her even more aroused. She knew that he was purposely contracting his muscles to make his cock twitch, attracting her eyes to it. She squeezed her own intimate muscles, trying to quell the desire building deep inside her.

His groans were undeniably sexual as she washed his cock, and she wanted to drop the sponge to replace it with her hand from the moment she touched him. Fearful of the potential consequences, she kept a tight rein on her own needs. "All done."

She couldn't have missed the disappointment in his eyes if she'd tried. He was hoping for more, and Cathy had little doubt as to why. "Amber took good care of you last time, didn't she?"

"Well, yeah," John replied, looking a bit nervous.

"We're good friends," Cathy hinted, her desire surging.

John smiled and said, "Keep secrets for each other and things, huh."

"All the time."

"So if you knew that she'd done something that could get her in trouble, you'd never tell anyone?"

"Like sucking your cock?" Cathy asked, all her inhibitions burning up in the flame of her arousal.

"Yeah, like that."

"You can't let on to anyone but us. You have to promise. Not any of the other nurses or anything."

"Promise. Two hot nurses is more than enough for me."

"God, you have such an incredible cock," Cathy breathed as she wrapped her hands around it and stroked it.

"I want to suck on those big tits," John said, his eyes fixated on her chest.

Cathy let out a quiet gasp and quickly popped open her blouse, freeing her heavy breasts. She leaned over him and shuddered as he sucked her right nipple between his lips. "That feels so good. I'm so hot."

John released her right nipple to suck on the left for a second before saying, "I feel like I'm about to explode."

Cathy let out a gasp and stood back up, turning toward his cock. Her lips stretched wider than ever before as she took him in.

"Holy shit," John sighed as she took him all the way to the root, her nose nestled in the curly hairs at the base.

She sucked him hard and fast, eager to feel him explode in her mouth, but mindful that she could get caught, even if she and Amber were usually the only ones in the ward at this time of night. Unable to ignore her own needs, she slipped a hand beneath her pants and rubbed her aching need through her panties.

"Let me see," John gasped out, upon noticing her playing with herself.

Cathy let him slip free of her lips with a wet pop, and quickly turned around. She pulled her pants and panties down to her thighs before taking him in her mouth again, her fingers dancing over her shaved nether lips.

John watched her for a few seconds, and then groaned, "Closer."

Cathy glanced over to see him wiggling his fingers. It took some effort, and the position wasn't exactly comfortable, but she managed to move to where she could continue sucking his cock while he fingered her wet heat.

Cathy moaned around his thick organ as his talented fingers rubbed and probed her, rapidly building her toward a crescendo. Flavorful bursts of pre-cum flooded her mouth as the hot tingle in her depths grew stronger by the second, even though his fingers slowed as he neared his own peak.

"Gonna come," he grunted when he reached the point of no return.

Cathy cupped his tight balls in her hand and took him as hard and fast as she could, her jaw and lips both burning from opening wide enough to take him in. After only a few more sucks, he growled and erupted in a hot burst into her mouth.

Though she choked a little, Cathy eagerly gulped down his creamy offering, moaning as it settled warmly in her belly. She kept sucking after he stopped spurting, coaxing every drop that she could from him. All the while, his fingers haltingly teased her aching sex.

He panted for breath when she released him to lick up a dribble that had escaped her to hang from her lower lip. She reached back to rub her clit while he tried to keep thrusting a finger into her depths.

"Up... Up here," John groaned, and then wiggled his tongue suggestively when she glanced toward him.

Cathy whimpered in her throat and stood to drop her pants to the floor. She carefully avoided his casts, and managed to straddle his face, her juices dripping onto his lips even before she settled.

She had to clamp her hand tight over her mouth as he went to work, his tongue swirling over her like a living thing. She ground her folds against his lips, already on the edge within seconds of his first lap.

Pained, stifled whimpers fought for release as he brought her to orgasm, causing her whole body to tremble. She had to lift her quivering pussy from his lips long before he was ready to stop licking for her juices, unable to endure the pleasure any longer. Only moments later, she had to fight for the coordination to climb from the bed, her legs cramping up from the powerful contractions of her muscles.

Somehow, she managed the presence of mind to pull on her pants and button her top, afraid of anyone discovering her. John licked his lips and smiled at her. "I liked that. You wanted to scream, didn't you?"

"God yes," Cathy replied, and then leaned over him to kiss him and lap her juices from his chin. "You made me come so hard."

"Me too," he chuckled.

The phone ringing at the nurse's station jolted Cathy back to reality. "We've got to clean up before anyone finds out."

John nodded and let her wipe her juices from her face, and her saliva from his flaccid cock. A minute or two later, his robe covered him again.
