 Weekdays were the definition of dull, boring, and uneventful. There were classes, there was homework, there was having to stay sober, and there was very little free time. However, as dull and tedious as those weekdays were, they also made my Saturdays even better. Especially since I got to spend all of my Saturdays with my amazing girlfriend, Becca.

Becca was a cheerleader at Rasington University, and she was very good at what she did. She always looked sexy in her skimpy blue and gold cheerleader uniform. Her white top always covered her double D's, but they couldn't hide the size of her boobs or conceal how perky her tits really were. Her naturally tan legs were long and alluring. Her dark blue miniskirt was so short that a small gust of wind was enough to make it fly up and give me a hardon. Her ass was so big that her cheeks stuck out of any short clothing that she was wearing. And being able to see the outline of her moist pussy lips underneath her thin blue cheerleader panties was literally the cherry on top of it all. 

We first hooked up last month, and it was arguably the greatest day of my life. No college girl was more fascinating, and no babe had a body as hot as hers. Most guys would want to tap as much pussy as they could, but I was perfectly happy getting to date, have fun with, and fuck Rasington's most popular cheerleader in many different ways.

In the mornings, I would go over to her house, and we would do some very naughty things. Most of the time, we would fuck. Sometimes, I would even film us while we got it on. 

In the afternoons and/or late evenings, I would head over to the games and film the action while Becca would cheer. For a significant portion of the game, my camera would be on the players. However, an even larger portion of my camera time was devoted to the cheerleaders. And those women knew how to put on quite a show. The perfect tits, the perfect asses, the perfect crotch shots, just absolute perfection.

Finally, my Saturday nights would end with Becca and I going out to a party, going skinny dipping, or having a private post-game "celebration." 

While I always enjoyed Saturdays, this upcoming Saturday was a very special Saturday. It was Becca's birthday, and I was going to give her the best present that she ever received.

Becca's horniness knew no boundaries, and she loved, and I mean loved, to get off in public. Therefore, I planned to get her something that she could use to satisfy herself at any given place and at any given moment. Vibrating cheerleader panties.

It took a lot of research, and it cost me more money than it would for black colored panties, but I eventually found the right kind of vibrating panties. The panties that I planned to give Becca were the exact same color, texture, and size as her cheerleader bloomers. She could wear them anywhere and get aroused at anytime, and only she would know it. Well, that is, as long as she controlled her screaming. And Becca sure knew how to scream.

The panties had a vibrating bullet that could be properly inserted into an anus or pussy. They also had a thin zipper, allowing anyone to have easy access to her pussy and ass. 

Yes, Becca would love this present. Saturdays were filled with pleasure, and nothing gave me more pleasure than giving lots of it to Becca.

Eventually, the big Saturday arrived. The day of Becca's birthday. I planned to go over to her house and give Becca her present before we headed over to the game together. 

The Rasington Roosters were playing one of the worst teams in the country, the Manhattan Marauders. That meant my school's football team had a chance of losing the game by only 10 points instead of the usual 20 points. 

I left my apartment around Noon that day and drove over to Becca's house. Living less than five minutes away from my girlfriend was something that I did not take for granted.

I pulled my vehicle into her driveway, climbed out of the car, and locked up my vehicle. I headed towards the porch, ran up the steps, and approached the front door. Becca gave me a set of spare keys to her house so I didn't have to knock on the door or ring the doorbell and wait for her to answer.

The anticipation and eagerness was building up inside of me. I couldn't wait to give Becca her present and watch her get aroused more than she had ever been aroused before.

I entered her house, closed the front door, walked up the stairs, and reached her bedroom. I opened the bedroom door and peeked into Becca's room. However, she wasn't there. 

"Becca!" I called. "Becca, where are you?"

I went around the house and checked each and every room, but I couldn't find her. At that moment, I decided to go outside and see if she was in the backyard. 

As it turned out, Becca was in the backyard. She was sitting on the porch steps by the back door of the house. She was wearing her cheerleader uniform, and she looked absolutely gorgeous. I walked over to her and prepared to greet her. Much to my surprise, she way crying. I sat down on the porch steps beside her and attempted to comfort her.

"Becca, what's wrong?" I asked. "Why are you crying?"

"I got... I got... kicked off the squad!" she cried.

"What?" I asked. "I don't get it! You're incredible at cheerleading! Why would they kick you off?"

"Well, apparently, eating out a girl in the locker room is frowned upon in college," she sobbed.

"What?" I yelled. "That's ridiculous! It's a women's locker room! You should be able to do..."

"Actually, it was in the guys' locker room," she confessed.

"Oh," I said. "But hey, that's still wrong! I mean, it makes no sense why..."

"I know!" she cried. "It's just not fair!" She buried her face in her hands and continued to cry.

I was stunned by this sudden turn of events. I did not expect this at all. My favorite cheerleader was no longer going to be a cheerleader. Suddenly, I had an idea. 

"Well, surely, you can appeal!" I suggested. "Take it to the committee! Seriously! Maybe..."

"I filed an appeal earlier this year," she confessed. "Unfortunately, I got in trouble for this kind of thing already! A few weeks ago, I partied in my cheerleader uniform and posted pics of it online. Got probation because it was off campus. But this incident was on campus! So now there's no way the committee will hear me out!"

Becca's sobbing grew louder as she realized how screwed she really was. 

Fuck. This was tough. I wasn't very good at offering comforting words, but I had to at least try.

"Look, I know it's tough, but perhaps I can find a way to make things better," I suggested.

"I agree," she replied, and she suddenly stopped crying. "And I think I know how we can turn things around."

"How?" I asked.

"Well, I will say this," she answered. "It's going to take something really big to fix this."

As she said those words, she raised her right hand, reached down my shorts, searched through my boxers, and grabbed my cock. She gripped it and began to stroke it with her right hand.

"Something really... really big," she emphasized.

Instinctively, I pulled her hand out of my boxers and shorts.

"Becca, we're outside! And in public!" I cried.

"I know," she said. "That's what makes this so exciting. Besides, it's not like this is the first time we did something like this outdoors."

"Yeah but not in broad daylight!" I yelled. "Where the entire neighborhood has a clear view of us!"

"Eh, nothing the Internet hasn't seen already," she remarked.

"Wait, what?" I yelled in shock.

"Yeah, you'd be surprised how much money you can get just by showing off your gifts," Becca answered. She gave me a dirty wink.

"Hmm, sounds like someone has been a naughty cheerleader," I remarked. "And you know what happens to naughty cheerleaders? They get disciplined!"

At that moment, I jumped to my feet, picked Becca up, and carried her over to a bench in her backyard. I was already hard, and I couldn't wait to ram my hard cock into my favorite holes.

I dropped her onto the bench. Her miniskirt flew up immediately, exposing her crotch and the thin blue cotton panties that separated me from her ever-welcoming pussy. 

I raised Becca's legs up into the air. With a swift motion, I grabbed her panties and pulled them up and off of her legs. Her pussy was pink and shaven, and it looked truly delicious.

I tossed Becca's panties aside, lowered my mouth to her cooch, and began to suck on her moist pink pussy. Becca placed her hands in my hair and moaned as I sampled her delicious pie.

I stretched her pussy lips with my fingers and began to suck on her clit. As she moaned, I began to insert each of the fingers on my right hand into her tunnel of pleasure. I moved my fingers up and down, rubbing the walls of her pussy as I pleasured her.

As the sound of Becca's moaning and arousal increased, the pace of my finger fucking also picked up. Determined to help her reach her climax, I bit down on her clitoris and pressed my tongue directly onto her pink lips. 

Becca screamed, and her cum squirted out of her pussy and into my mouth. I licked it all up, moaning as I drank from her moist succulent cooch. After a few seconds, she pushed my head away.

"Okay, you greedy boy, now it's my turn!" she declared. "After all, I am the birthday girl."

Becca reached for her top and pulled it off of her, revealing her double D sized breasts. She leaned forward and rubbed them in my face, allowing me to feel them against my mouth and tongue.

"Up!" she commanded. "Stand up!"

I stood up immediately. Becca climbed onto her knees. She stared at me for a moment. Suddenly, she pulled my shorts and boxers down. My fully erect cock smacked her in the face as it was exposed to the fresh air. She laughed. 

Becca licked the tip of my cock with her pink moist tongue. I moaned as I kneeled down on the bench, watching her stimulate me. At that moment, Becca pushed my cock into her mouth and began to suck. She wrapped her right hand around my shaft, moving it up and down as she sucked. 

As I started to climax, she removed my cock from her mouth and gripped it, preventing me from fully ejaculating. A few drops of cum leaked out of the tip. She licked it up very quickly. I moaned as she drank my juices.

"Now it's time to put that cock in my favorite hole," she said.

She climbed back onto the bench and pulled her miniskirt up, exposing her pussy. I moved towards her and rubbed my cock against her cooch. She giggled as I tickled her sensitive pussy lips. 

I took a deep breath, stroked my cock, and shoved it directly into Becca's wet pussy. I was not a fan of condoms so I was truly thankful that Becca was on the pill. I grunted as I pounded her pussy, determined to give her one hell of an orgasm. She moaned as I thrust myself in and out of her. After a few minutes passed, I decided to switch things up. 

"Alright, now let's see that fine ass of yours," I remarked.

I pulled out of Becca, flipped her around, and yanked her miniskirt up. I stared longingly at her large ass. I raised my right hand and smacked her right cheek. She squealed in excitement as I spanked her repeatedly. 

Finally, I grabbed my cock and shoved it back into Becca's pussy as I took her from behind. She gasped as she felt me enter her again. I began to pound her as hard as I could. Becca moaned loudly as I fucked. She liked it rough, and I knew how to give it to a girl that liked it that way.

As I pounded her, I grabbed her tits and stroked her erect pick nipples. Then I pushed my fingers into her mouth and forced her to suck on the pussy juices that covered my fingers.

Once she had sucked all the cum off of my fingers, I removed them from her mouth and grabbed her blonde hair. I yanked it back and pushed my cock as deep into her pussy as it would go. She screamed as I fucked her even harder and even rougher than I did before. 

"Alright," I growled. "Now it's time to switch things up again. On your hands."

"With pleasure," Becca answered.

At that moment, she stood up, leaned forward, and did a handstand. I hovered over her, staring at Becca's goodies. Then I raised my right leg, took a deep breath, and pushed my cock into Becca's pussy. Becca was very good at holding her balance, and I was going to ensure that she maintained that balance.

I held her legs up with my hands as I pushed my cock in and out of her pussy. I raised my right hand and smacked Becca's ass as I plowed her pussy with my cock. Her breathing grew heavier and became more intense as I fucked and spanked her with all of my might. 

A few seconds later, I noticed her hands begin to shake. I wanted to cum right on her so I decided to fuck her in a much more comfortable position. 

I pulled out of Becca's pussy, lifted her up, and carried her back over to the bench. 

I sat down on the bench and waited for Becca to make her move. She turned to face me, lifted her miniskirt, lowered herself onto my cock, and began to bounce up and down. She moaned as my cock rubbed against her sensitive clit. I spanked her ass as she bounced on my lap.

"So where do you wanna cum this time?" Becca asked, breathing heavily.

"Hey, you're the birthday girl!" I moaned. "You get to decide!"

"Well then, I know where I want you to cum," she cooed.

She climbed off of my cock, grabbed it, and placed it into her mouth. She dragged her tongue over my cock, making sure that she pressed down on all of the sensitive areas.

Becca then removed my cock from her mouth and rubbed it between her boobs. She squeezed her boobs together and moved my cock up and down several times. I moaned as I felt the semen rise.

"Now, where should it go?" she asked herself. "Oh, I know!"

Becca spun around, raised her right leg, and slowly inserted my cock back into her pussy. I grabbed her leg and pounded her as fast as I could. Becca rubbed her clitoris as I fucked her pussy. She screamed, and her screams turned me on even more. My breathing increased rapidly as the sensation spiraled to new heights.

I couldn't hold back any longer, and I finally reached the climax. Becca let out a loud scream as I pulled out of her and ejaculated. I groaned loudly as my cum squirted out of my cock and flew onto Becca's miniskirt, ass, and pussy. 

Becca collapsed onto the bench as she orgasmed. She breathed heavily, trying to regain her composure. I fell back against the bench, completely spent and fully satisfied. 

Becca grabbed her cheerleading top off the ground and used it to wipe my cum off of her ass and miniskirt. She raised the top to her mouth and drank my cum.

"Wow, you really are delicious," she said. 

"Well, that's my way of wishing you a happy birthday," I answered.

"You're too sweet," she replied.

Suddenly, we heard a loud boom. We looked up and saw gray storm clouds hovering above us. It was about to rain. 

"We should probably get inside," Becca said. "I like getting wet, but not that wet."

Becca slid her cheerleading top back on. I grabbed my shorts and boxers and put them back on. 

"Damn it! Where the hell are my panties?" she yelled.

She got up off the bench and began to search for her cheerleader panties. Little did Becca know that I had concealed her panties in my right shorts pocket. I wanted to stare at her ass for a little while longer. After a minute passed, I decided that it was time to give them back. 

I tossed Becca's panties behind a tree. A few seconds later, I grabbed them again and held them up.

"Hey, Becca!" I yelled. "I found them! They were right behind the tree!" 

"Oh, my God, thank you so much," she said, as she took the bloomers from me and put them in her top. "I was having a really bad day. But it's great to know that I have a guy that will always be there for me when I need it."

"And that's never going to change," I promised. "So you're feeling better I take it?"

"Yes," she replied. "I'm feeling much better now."

"Same here," a mysterious voice said.

I poked my head up. One of Becca's neighbors, Dom Wartmon, was watching us from the other side of the fence. He had a big smile on his face.

"Wish I brought my camera," he said. "Would have loved to add that to my collection of dirty movies."

"You are such a pervert, Mr. Wartmon," Becca remarked.

"And you're quite the screamer," he retorted.

"Told you that you screamed loudly," I replied.

"Alright, let's go inside before the rain hits," she said.

We turned around, walked up the porch steps, and prepared to enter Becca's house.

"Have a good day!" Mr. Wartmon yelled. "Hey, maybe someday I'll get to taste that sweet pussy too! What do you say, Becca?"

"Not gonna happen!" she yelled. "So fuck off!"

"With pleasure," he answered.

Yep. Mr. Wartmon was one strange horny old man.

Becca and I sat down on the couch in her living room.

"Not going to lie," Becca said. "You know how to make a woman feel pretty damn good on her birthday." She gave me a small kiss on my left cheek. 

"Oh, crap!" I yelled. "I almost forgot!"

I quickly pulled the small present out of my right shorts pocket and handed it to Becca. 

"This is for you," I said.

"Aw, you're so sweet," she exclaimed. 

Becca unwrapped the present and stared at the panties that I had gotten her. She immediately noticed the vibrating bullet that was built into them.

"Are these what I think they are?" she asked.

"Yep," I answered. "I got them for you so you could wear them with your cheerleading uniform. But you got kicked off the squad so..."

"It's okay," she remarked. "Here. I don't think I'll be needing these anymore."

She pulled out the panties from her top, rubbed them against her pussy, and tossed them onto my face. I raised the panties to my face and smelled the moist crotch. No matter how many times we fucked, I would never get sick of smelling, inhaling, and tasting the juices that Becca's pussy produced. 

Becca slid the vibrating panties on. She moaned as she activated the vibrating bullet that was inside of them.

"Aw, now that's much better," she admitted.

"Yeah, sucks that I'm going to have to get you a new cheerleading uniform," I remarked. "That's why I got you those panties. They fit perfectly with it."

"New uniform?" she asked. "Who said anything about getting rid of my old uniform? Hey, they can kick me off the squad, but they can't make me give back what's rightfully mine."

"But if you hold onto that uniform, couldn't the university expel you?" I asked.

"They could," Becca replied. "But then I would have a lot more time to do more naughty things. Kind of like what we're about to do right now."

At that moment, Becca jumped on me, and we began to make out. As we kissed, the bullet inside of her panties stimulated her pleasure center. I reached for her ass and pulled on the zipper that was there, opening up her panties and giving me full access to her pussy and ass. I pushed the vibrating bullet against her clit, and she screamed as the pleasure increased even more. 

Becca's days as a Rasington cheerleader were over. The odds of her winning an appeal were very slim, and she was probably going to get expelled for not returning her uniform. But I still had, and would always have, Saturdays that were filled with cheerleader pleasure.