 A weekend at the resort

**********

This is an ongoing series and you should read the prior chapters.

**********

Saturday morning came and the three of us piled into the car and headed to the resort.

The women kept asking me where we were going but I would not tell them. All I would say was to relax and to be open minded about the weekend.

We stopped for breakfast and then continued on our journey which had about another two hours to go.

Finally, there was a sign that said "Nature's Resort two miles ahead."

Luisa looked at me and said, "You are taking us to a nudist resort? Are you fucking crazy?"

I laughed and said, "It is a clothing optional resort. You don't have to go naked, unless you use the pool or hot tub. And, let's face it, we have been naked and fucked in front of strangers before so this is a piece of cake."

Diane said, "Luisa, I hate to admit it but Tony is right. We have done a lot more than being nude in front of strangers. I am ok with it."

Luisa said she would give it a try and kind of agreed with Diane.

I pulled up to the speaker box and announced our arrival. The gate opened and I drove in. On the way to the office, we saw naked men and women walking the lush grounds.

We arrived at the office and went in. We filled out forms and were given keys to the private cabin which was not too far from the pool and hot tub.

We drove to the cabin and brought our bags in. The cabin was nice. It had two bedrooms, a hot tub outside the master bedroom, a kitchen, a fireplace and it had a naughty, sexy feel to it even though it was just a nudist resort not a swingers resort.

The women loved the place.

I immediately got naked and asked if anyone was going to join me. The women looked at each other and said they would meet me by the pool as they had some female maintenance to take care of.

I took my towel and headed to the pool. I got three lounge chairs and waited for the women.

About 30 minutes later, they arrived in all their naked glory.

Diane said she loved being naked in front of strangers. Luisa said she was getting used to it.

We all took in the sun and when it got too hot, the three of us went into the pool. The cool water felt great on my cock and balls. I loved the freedom and feel.

The women said they loved the feel of the water on their nakedness.

When we got back to our towels, the women thanked me for bringing them here.

The rest of the afternoon was spent relaxing and taking in the sun and taking dips into the pool.

We all enjoyed the sights and the women enjoyed being ogled at by the guys and women sneaking peaks at them.

It was getting late and we headed back to our cabin to get ready for dinner.

I asked the women what they thought of the place and they both hugged and kissed me and thanked me for bringing them here.

I smiled and told them to get ready to go to dinner at the resort's restaurant.

By 6:30 p.m. we were ready to go to eat. The women were dressed in shorts and tank tops and I had on jeans and a t-shirt.

We walked over to the restaurant, went in and was seated. We ordered dinner and by the time we finished, we had gone through two bottles of wine. As we were leaving, Luisa said she wanted to use the hot tub.

So, when we got to the cabin, we undressed and headed to the hot tub.

There was nobody using it when we arrived and we had the hot tub to ourselves. I sat in the middle of the two women. It wasn't long before I felt two sets of hands on my torso, with one set inching towards my cock and balls.

In an instant my cock was hard. I looked over and it was Luisa who was playing with me.

Just as it feeling good, a middle aged couple joined us and Luisa moved her hands away.

The guy was about 6', 180, s/p hair, brown eyes, good shape and a nice sized cock even though it wasn't hard.

His wife was about 5'7", 125, brown hair, brown eyes, a smooth pussy and well endowed tits with big nipples.

We introduced ourselves and chatted a bit with them. They told us that they lived at the resort. I told them that Luisa and I just got married and Diane was an exceptional friend.

The couple smiled and asked how long we would be here. I told them that we would be here just for the weekend.

After about 45 minutes we decided to head back to our cabin. We said our goodbyes and the fellow invited us to their place tomorrow night for dinner. I looked at the women and they shook their head in approval so I told the couple we would be there. They told us their address and we left.

The walk back was heavenly. It was warm with a gentle cooling breeze that felt great on a naked body. By the time we got to the cabin, my cock was hard and erect.

Luisa noticed and said, "Hey hubby, why is your cock hard? You expecting to get laid or something?"

I heard Diane laughing.

I then said, "Well, if you don't want to fuck, I bet our new friend's wife would like to get laid," as I laughed.

The three of us went inside and I threw Luisa on the bed. I turned to Diane and said, "Anytime you want to join us, just do so."

My hands were all over my wife as I laid down beside her. My cock pressed up against her body looking for Luisa's treasure.

Soon, I mounted my wife and my cock was in front of her slit when I felt a hand on my cock. I looked at Diane and smiled. Her hand guided my cock into Luisa's cunt.

As soon as my cock was completely in her, I started fucking her.

Diane was now laying beside Luisa. Her hands all over Luisa's tits and nipples. As I was fucking Luisa, Diane and Luisa started kissing. Luisa was playing with Diane's tits and even managed to get one of her nipples into her mouth.

I told Luisa I was ready to cum and I picked up the pace. Then, I shot my cum deep into my wife's cunt. As I came in her, Luisa screamed out she was cumming and her body convulsed in spasms.

Luisa and Diane never broke their kiss.

Finally, everything subsided and I fell to the side spent. Diane quickly got between Luisa's legs and started licking my cum out of Luisa's cunt. When she finished she kissed Luisa and then me, all of us sharing my cum.

We all fell asleep in a naked pile.

About 3:00 a.m. I woke up to see Luisa and Diane making out. I told them to get on all fours as I knelt behind them, my cock hard as a rock.

I slid my cock in Luisa's cunt and fucked her, then I went to Diane and fucked her from behind. When I was ready to cum I told them to get on their backs. I then finished by jerking off and cumming on their tits & face.

We then fell asleep without cleaning up.

In the morning, we showered and got ready for breakfast.

After breakfast, we went to the pool. We saw some familiar faces from yesterday. Then, the couple from the hot tub last night came over to us and sat with us.

They asked how last night went and I said it was great.

Then the fellow leaned over to me and whispered, "You fuck them both?"

I replied, "Yes. Did you fuck your wife last night?"

He answered, "I sure did but my wife kept saying she wanted to fuck you. Do you think your wife and friend will let you fuck my wife?"

I smiled and said to him, "Look, if your wife wants me to fuck her, let her ask my wife herself."

The guy then reminded us about dinner tonight and we said we would be there.

Then, the guy's wife goes over to Luisa and asks her to take a walk with her. Luisa gets up and goes off with her.

About an hour later they came back. As they approach us I see wetness on the woman's thighs and a little glistening on Luisa's upper thigh and I smiled.

Nobody said anything and after a long day in the sun, we headed back to the cabin to get ready for our dinner.

When we got back, I asked Luisa what happened on the walk. Diane asked her the same question while laughing. Luisa blushed and then confessed.

"You two are something else," She said. "As we walked she said she wanted to ask me something. I told her to ask away. In the meantime, as we were walking, she put her hand on my shoulder. I looked at her and smiled and we kept walking. Then we stopped and she looked around, then kissed me deeply and I let her. After the kiss she asked me if I would let my husband fuck her tonight."

We started walking again and then stopped and looked at her and said, "You do know we just got married and I am not really into sharing my husband with another woman."

She looked at me and said, "I understand but you do share him with your girlfriend, don't you?"

There was a bench and I sat down. As I rested, she knelt in front of me and started to eat me. She was terrific. I spread my legs and in an instant I had an orgasm. Then I returned the favor to her and then got up and came back. I never did answer her about you fucking her though.

We went over to our hosts house and we had a wonderful dinner. When I had a chance, I went over to the woman and told her that I would not be able to have sex with her and then thanked her for a wonderful dinner but we had to leave, and we did. 

On the way back I told Luisa that I loved her now and forever.

The next day was our last day at the resort and it was uneventful.

We left in mid afternoon and on the way home, we all agreed that we would come back again real soon...