 'A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure Ch. 3' is a continuation of 'A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure' Chapters 1 and 2. If you have not yet read those stories, I advise doing so before you start to read this story. This is an erotic fantasy. It is a work of fiction. Any characters or events related to real-life people or real-life events is unintentional and entirely coincidental.

*****

It was Saturday. My favorite day of the week. I was thankful that I didn't have to go to class or work on Saturdays. That meant a lot more free time and a lot more time for fun. And no other day of the week allowed me to spend more time with my amazing girlfriend, Becca.

Becca used to be a cheerleader for Rasington University, but her horniness and refusal to abide by school policies got her kicked off the squad. She refused to return her cheerleader uniform and was subsequently expelled. Fortunately, Becca was hot enough and sexy enough to get virtually any job.

Since Becca didn't have to go to classes or cheer practices anymore, it meant that I was able to spend more time with her and be able to give her lots and lots of pleasure.

On a typical Saturday afternoon, I was sitting in my bedroom, naked and preparing to masturbate to a homemade DVD that contained my favorite cheerleader.

I raised Becca's lights blue cheerleader panties up to my face and inhaled the scent that was inside of them. Yep, Becca's pussy juices truly were delicious. 

I lowered the panties onto my cock and began to slowly stroke my cock with my right hand. As I stroked it, I watched the movie that was playing on my television.

I was watching one of Becca's cheerleader routines. Becca made a lot of personal home movies in her spare time, and she was more than happy to share them with me.

Becca jumped up and down repeatedly. Her boobs bounced as she hopped up and down. Her miniskirt flew up into the air as she jumped, allowing me to catch glimpses of her crotch and ass. She was wearing the blue vibrating panties that I gave her for her birthday two weeks ago. With her left hand, she pulled the zipper on her panties down, exposing her moist pink pussy. 

Once she had finished jumping, Becca stood still. She took a deep breath and raised her right leg up into the air. As she held her right leg up, she used her left hand to satisfy herself. She moaned as she stroked her clitoris, slowly squeezing her fingers into her pussy as she pleasured herself. I began to stroke my cock even faster, building up to what I hoped would be an incredible orgasm.

About a minute later, Becca slowly turned around and bent over to stretch. Her miniskirt crawled up her legs as she flashed her ass at the camera that was watching her. She pulled the zipper on her panties back even more, exposing more of the skin that was covered up by her cheerleader bloomers. I had the perfect view of Becca's ass and pussy, and it was truly glorious.

She reached for an object inside of her panties and grabbed it. A vibrating bullet had been built into the bloomers for additional sensation. She turned it on and pushed the vibrating bullet into her anus, moaning as it entered her. Becca rammed four fingers into her pussy and began to move them as fast as she possibly could. She moaned as she stretched and satisfied herself. 

I picked up the pace, stroking harder and faster than I had ever stroked before. Becca's moans really turned me on, and I enjoyed hearing how much she was enjoying herself. She let out a loud scream as she climaxed, and I came along with her. I moaned loudly as I ejaculated, sending several streams of cum flying from my cock and into Becca's cheerleader panties. 

At that moment, my bedroom door opened. Becca walked into my bedroom. She smiled when she saw what I was doing. 

Becca was always gorgeous, and her fashion sense was always amazing. Today, she was wearing a pink tank top and a miniskirt with a red and black checkerboard pattern. Her hair was wrapped into two pigtails with two black bows.

Becca walked over to me, grabbed the panties off of my cock, raised them up to her face, and swallowed my cum. She smiled, savoring the juices that she had swallowed.

"Hmm, perhaps I'll get you more of my undergarments," she remarked. "You seem to enjoy using them a lot." 

"I don't know," I replied, as I turned my television off. "Your panties are pretty awesome, but I like the girl that wears them even more."

"You are such a sweet talker," Becca remarked.

I stood up and walked over to her. 

"Hold on, hold on! I need your help with something!" Becca said.

"With pleasure," I remarked.

I reached for a bottle of lubricant, but Becca grabbed my right hand.

"That's not what I meant," she said. "But maybe later."

"Alright, so what's going on?" I asked.

"Well, ever since I got kicked off the squad, Rasington has been looking for someone to fill my spot," she remarked.

I snickered. Becca frowned at me.

"Not what I meant!" she yelled. "Get your head out of the gutter, mister!"

"Sorry," I apologized.

"As I was saying, I just found out that Emma is going to be attending Rasington University," she replied. "And she's going to try to become a Rasington cheerleader. Auditions for my spot will occur in two weeks. I just need you to film one of her cheerleading routines. That way we can watch it and see what she needs to work on for the audition."

"Okay, sounds good," I said. "By the way, who is Emma?"

"She's my best friend, silly!" she remarked. "I told you this already!"

"Must have been distracted," I explained. "Your beauty is pretty amazing, you know."

"Stop it!" she said. "I need you to focus! Anyway, Emma is going to be stopping by my place next Saturday at 1 P.M. I just need you to be there to watch her and film her routine. Then we can watch it back, go over her mistakes, and see where she needs to improve before the auditions occur."

"You're going to be there, right?" I asked.

"Unfortunately, no," she answered. "I found a modeling job. Said they were willing to pay me a lot of money to dress up and model for them in cute and kinky outfits. So I'm going to model as a cheerleader, and hopefully, they'll give me a contract."

"That's great news!" I exclaimed.

"Yes, it is," she replied. "So I'll be at my modeling thing, and you can stay here and help Emma prepare for her audition. Sound good?"

"Works for me," I answered.

"Excellent," Becca replied. "Oh, by the way, you can cum multiple times in an hour, right?"

"Yeah, why?" I asked.

"I think you know why," Becca answered. As she said those words, she gave me a dirty wink. 

At that moment, Becca pushed me onto the bed, jumped on top of me, grabbed my cock, pushed it into her mouth, and began to suck on it. I leaned back and moaned, unable to hide how much I enjoyed receiving pleasure from my amazing girlfriend, Becca.

A few days passed before that Saturday, the day that I would meet Emma, did arrive. It was 1:00 P.M. I sat on Becca's front porch as I waited for Emma to arrive.

A few seconds later, a black Civic pulled up and into Becca's driveway. A young woman climbed out of the car. I stared at her face. She had brunette hair, blue eyes, and pink lips. She had a natural tan and long legs. The young woman smiled at me, and I immediately knew that it was Emma.

To my shock, she was wearing a white tank top and a light blue miniskirt. The white tennis shoes were the only things that she had on that would be acceptable to wear to a cheerleader practice or audition. Emma walked up to me. I climbed to my feet and walked over to her.

"Hey!" she said. "I'm Emma. It's a pleasure to meet you."

She hugged me. I felt uncomfortable, but I didn't allow my face to show how I was feeling as she embraced me. When we separated, I surveyed her body. I frowned. 

"I could be wrong, but those aren't the proper clothes for cheerleader routines," I remarked.

"I know, but I wanted to get the idea of what it's like to wear a cheerleader uniform," she added. "Since they do these routines in miniskirts on Saturdays, I thought that it would be best to work on my audition like this."

"Okay, that's understandable," I replied, even though I didn't buy that excuse at all.

It took everything I had within me to keep my cock from getting hard. Emma was really hot.

"Come on, let's go inside," I replied. "I have everything set up in Becca's bedroom."

Emma and I headed into Becca's house. We walked upstairs and entered her bedroom. 

"Uh, have you ever been a cheerleader before?" I asked Emma.

"Yeah," she answered. "Cheered in high school. Our mascot was the cougars. Yeah, that joke got old really quickly."

"Damn, and I thought having a rooster for a mascot was bad," I said. 

"Yep, that's high school for you," she remarked. "Immaturity at its finest."

"Well, college guys aren't that much more mature," I informed her.

"Trust me, I know," she said. "Okay, let's get started."

"Great," I said. "I'm going to get the camera set up. Make sure it's working and ready to go."

I walked over to the video camera that I had set up beside Becca's bed. I turned it on and hit the RECORD button. The red light came on. It was working and ready to go. I hit the STOP button, and the camera turned off.

"Alright, all set," I responded.

"I'm gonna stretch first," Emma announced. "Don't want to pull anything during this routine." 

Emma raised her right leg into the air. Her miniskirt came up, and I stared at what was underneath it. Emma was wearing white panties with purple lace and pink flowers. I could see the outline of her pussy lips through her cotton panties. I was absolutely stunned. 

Emma stared at me, and I knew within that instant that I had been busted. Fuck!

"What's wrong?" she asked. "Is there something wrong with my panties?"

"Uh... well... you do know that cheerleader bloomers are supposed to be the same color as the skirts that the girls wear, right?" I asked.

"Laundry day," she said. "This was the only pair of panties that I had with me. Is that okay?"

"Yeah, sure, that's fine," I remarked.

"Good," she said.

Emma continued stretching. As she stretched, I got some great views of her ass and pussy. Her tank top clung to her boobs, but I was fully convinced that she was going to pop right out of it. My cock grew hard, and it took all of my strength and willpower to hide my boner and avoid touching it. 

"Okay, I'm ready," she said, as she finished stretching. "Here's the music I want to listen to while this routine is going on."

She handed me her I-Phone and walked to the center of the bedroom.

"Just hit play, and we'll be good to go," she told me.

I hit the RECORD button on my camera. Then I hit the PLAY button on her cell phone. The music came on immediately. 

It was some pretty weird music. The kind of music that you hear while watching pornographic movies. Emma had some interesting taste in music. I considered asking her about it, but I decided against it. As long as she didn't notice my seven-inch boner, I was perfectly fine with the situation. 

Emma did her routine. She walked back and forth, clapping as she moved around. She shook her hips and leaned back, demonstrating her flexibility.

She jumped up and down, splitting her legs as she hopped into the air. I had to look down as she exposed her crotch. The less I looked at her, the less likely it was that I would cum in my pants.

She yelled the Rasington cheer, turned around, and slapped her right buttcheek. Finally, she spun around, clapped multiple times, and did a backflip. Emma landed perfectly as she successfully completed the backflip as the song ended. Suddenly, she slipped and fell down. She breathed heavily as she lay crumpled on the floor. 

"Oh, my God!" I yelled. I got up and ran over to her. "Emma, are you okay? Emma?" 

"Dehydrated!" she gasped. "Need water! Now!"

"Don't worry, I'll be right back!" I cried.

Shit! This was bad. This was really really bad.

I quickly rushed out of the bedroom and down to the kitchen. I grabbed the first cup that I could find and poured cold water into it. 

I dashed back upstairs, hoping that Emma was still alright. 

When I reentered the bedroom, I saw Emma lying down on Becca's bed. She was holding a pair of my boxers up to her nose. They were white with red polka dots and black stripes. I had lost them during one of my fun Saturday nights with Becca. Apparently, Emma found them.

"Is that what it smells like when you cum?" she asked. "Because if it does, then Becca is one lucky bitch."

"Emma, what are you doing?" I asked.

"What can I say?" she replied. "You've made me one horny little cheerleader."

At that moment, Emma stood up, walked over to me, leaned forward, grabbed my face, and pushed her tongue into my mouth. She kissed me as passionately as I kissed my girlfriend. I immediately pushed her away.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" I yelled. "Emma, I have a girlfriend! Remember, your best friend? We're dating!"

"You say that like it's a bad thing." she remarked.

"You were never really dehydrated, were you?" I asked.

"You had a hardon during my routine, didn't you?" she retorted.

I was an awful liar, and I wasn't used to making up fibs. I nodded weakly. 

"That's what I thought," she replied. "So what are you waiting for?"

Emma lay down on Becca's bed. She pulled her miniskirt up, allowing me to get a close look at her panties. There was a wet spot in the middle of them. Her pussy was visible, and it was quite moist.

"I heard you're into naughty cheerleaders," Emma remarked. "And I have been very naughty. So I think you should discipline me. In any way you want."

"Look, I can't," I explained. "Becca..."

"Hey, she knows I'm like this," Emma replied. "If she didn't want you to give it to me, then she would have never let you film me. She would have just got one of her friends to do it. But she picked you. That means something. Trust me. You're gonna want to taste what is underneath these little panties. But first, I'm going to free these girls for you. They need a little fresh air."

As she said those words, Emma undid the straps to her tank top and pulled it off, exposing her boobs. She tossed her tank top to the floor. I stared at her amazing rack. They were double D's. And they were natural, fascinating, and truly amazing. 

"Now where was I?" she asked herself. "Oh, yeah, that's right. Stretching. Stretching in ways that only the hottest cheerleaders know how."

Emma lowered her right hand towards her crotch. She stuck her fingers underneath her panties and began to pleasure herself. She moaned softly as she played with her clit and pussy. She grabbed her boobs with her left hand, moaning as she played with her nipples and increased her satisfaction. 

As Emma touched herself, I saw a few drops of pussy fluid pour our of her panties and down her legs. 

"So wet," she moaned. "Oh, my God!"

My fully erect cock shook rapidly. My hands shook even more. I couldn't hold back any longer. I needed to have that pussy. 

I ran over to Emma, grabbed her panties, and pulled them down and off of her legs. She giggled as I tossed the panties aside and stared at her pleasure center. Emma was shaven and wet, and her pink pussy looked truly delicious. 

I lowered my mouth to Emma's cooch and began to eat her pie. She moaned as I ate her out. Juice gushed out of her pussy as I satisfied her favorite pleasure zone.

As I sucked on Emma's clit, I slowly pushed my fingers into her pussy. She was tight, but I was determined to loosen her up and locate her G-spot. I moved my fingers as quickly as I could. I was eager to send Emma into a frenzy of orgasmic bliss.

A few seconds later, Emma screamed, and a stream of cum gushed out of her pussy and into my mouth. She breathed heavily as she fell back, stunned by the orgasm that I had just given her. 

I moved my mouth away from her pussy, raised it up to her mouth, and together, we made out. I pushed my warm moist tongue into her mouth, allowing her to taste the juices that her pussy had produced.

Eventually, our lips and tongues separated. Emma smiled at me. She was so cute. So sexy. So amazing. 

"Now I want to taste you," she said.

She reached for my pants and slowly unbuckled my belt. Then she pulled my pants and boxers down to my feet. My hardon popped out. Emma's eyes grew wide as she stared at my fully erect cock.

"Wow, that is huge!" she exclaimed.

"So I've been told," I replied.

She grabbed the shaft, pushed my cock into her mouth, and began to suck on it. I moaned loudly. This cheerleader sure knew how to give head. 

At that moment, the bedroom door swung open, and Becca walked into the room. She was wearing her cheerleader uniform, and she looked as sexy as ever. She had a notebook in her hands. She was staring at her notes and was presently unaware of what Emma was doing for me. 

"Sorry for interrupting guys, I just..."

At that moment, Becca looked up and immediately realized what was going on.

"Oh, my God!" she screamed. 

I immediately removed my cock from Emma's mouth.

"Becca, I can explain!" I yelled. "This is not what it looks like!"

"Why didn't you tell me that you had a thing for her?" Becca asked.

"It's not like that!" I cried. "Look, Becca, I can explain..."

"I really am disappointed," she said. "Why didn't you say something sooner?"

"Because this is the first time that anything like this has ever happened!" I yelled.

"You know, I wish you had told me about this sooner," she said. "Your desire to fuck other cheerleaders. Because if that's what you want to do..."

Suddenly, Becca leaned towards Emma, and the two began to make out. I stared at them in shock, unable to comprehend what was happening. After a few seconds passed, the cheerleaders' lips separated. Becca smiled at me.

"Wait a minute, aren't you mad?" I asked.

"Mad?" she asked. "Eh, I wouldn't say that. More like upset. You should know me better than that. If you're going to do naughty things with my best friend, then I want to join in the fun. Soooo..."

At that moment, Becca lay on her bed and spread her legs. Her miniskirt climbed up her legs as she showed us her moist light blue cheerleader panties. 

"Show me what you've learned, Emma," she demanded. "Let's see how much your pie eating skills have improved."

"With pleasure," Emma responded.

Emma grabbed Becca's bloomers and yanked them off of her legs. She tossed the panties aside and stared at Becca's moist pussy. Emma pushed her mouth against Becca's pussy lips and began to make out with them. She moaned as Emma ate her out. She moved her tongue back and forth as she feasted on Becca's delicious pussy.

"You've taught her very well!" Becca exclaimed. "Now come here! I can see that you're pretty hard! Wouldn't want that giant cock of yours to be left out of this!"

As Emma kissed Becca's pussy, I walked over to Becca. I yanked her top up and over her head, revealing her boobs. Becca rarely wore a bra underneath her top, and I had no complaints about that.

I pushed my cock up against Becca's face. She grabbed it and slowly inserted my cock into her mouth. I moaned as I felt Becca push her tongue against my cock as she forced it down her throat. Emma continued to kiss and finger fuck Becca's pussy as my girlfriend pushed my cock deep into her throat.

Eventually, the orgasmic sensation reached critical mass. Becca screamed as she came, releasing my cock as she did so. She breathed heavily as a stream of cum gushed out of her pussy and into Emma's mouth.

"Oh, my God, you taste so good!" Emma moaned. "Oh, my God, Becca!"

"Yep, and so does my super cute boyfriend," Becca remarked.

Becca seized my cock and began to suck on it again. She moved her right hand up and down my shaft, gripping it as she sucked. 
