 Making New Friends

**********

This is an ongoing series and you should read the prior chapters.

**********

Our trip back home was very vocal with a lot of smiling and laughing. Obviously, the topic of discussion was being at the nudist resort and the people we saw and met.

Diane couldn't thank us enough for allowing her to join us on our "honeymoon" and for letting her join us in our bed.

It took about three hours to get home and when we did, we just unpacked our stuff and headed to the hot tub to relax.

We were now officially starting our life as a married couple.

After a couple of weeks we got into a rhythm and we split the chores equally. Our sex life was out of this world and satisfying for both of us.

One night, after we just finished fucking, Luisa said she wanted to ask me something.

She said, "Tony, you know I love you with all my heart and soul. I thank God every night that we found each other and we got married. You know our sex life is terrific and the group that we belong to is great but I have been thinking. Would you be interested in trying to find a steady couple that we could be intimate with on a regular basis rather than the group?"

I looked at her and asked if anything was wrong. 

She answered, "No, there is nothing wrong but I don't like being shared anymore by so many people while you are there. I would rather find a compatible couple that we could be friends with and who we could be intimate with in a private setting. I want it it to be more personal and enjoyable for both of us." 

I looked at her and told her I would like that. I also told her that we should tell Diane of our decision and she agreed.

The next day I called Diane and asked her to come over. When she arrived, Luisa and I told her of our decision and she said she understood and wished us the best in our quest.

Over the next few months we went online to find a couple but with no results. We decided that wasn't the way to find what we were looking for.

Then Luisa said, "You know Tony, we are so stupid. Why don't we go back to the nudist resort? I bet we can find a couple there."

"That is a great idea. I will make the reservations now for next weekend." I said to her.

We headed out Saturday morning and got there before lunch. We checked in, went to the cabin and undressed and headed out to the pool.

This time we decided to be more outgoing and friendlier.

We met a lot of people but didn't connect with any of them so we decided just to enjoy ourselves and whatever happens, happens.

It was getting late and we headed back to the cabin to get ready for dinner.

We got dressed and went to the restaurant and got seated at a very nice table. The dinner was great and decided to hit the hit tub afterwards.

It was pretty late when we got to the hot tub. There was a couple there already. We introduced ourselves and they said there names were Carol and John. They said they were married a few months ago and this was their first time at the resort.

I told them our story and they were amazed. Then we found out that they lived in the next town over from us.

Carol was in her late 60's to early 70's nice figure, nice breasts, trimmed grey pussy, grey hair and very attractive.

John had to be about 68 to 70, s/p hair, blue eyes, about 175, 5'8" and fit. He had an impressive cock even in its resting stage. He was completely smooth.

They were easy to talk to and I asked them if they cared to join us back at our cabin for a nightcap and they said they would like to.

On the way back, we got to know them better and they seemed to be very nice.

At the cabin we had a lot of wine and talked about a lot of things. They were married before and their spouses died. They were from a working class family as we were. And, they weren't shy at all.

After the first bottle of wine, the talk got around to sex.

Luisa asked them if they ever swung. Carol said she tried it once but didn't care for it. She preferred a more personal approach to getting fucked.

John said he never swung but he did a swap once and enjoyed that.

I looked at Luisa and gave her a nod. She then said to them, "Guys, before Tony and I married, I used to swing with my late husband. We did it all including bi. Even now Tony and I joined a small group of swingers in our community but we left the group. We wanted to find a couple that had similar interests with us for a more personal intimate relationship, if you know what I mean.?

Carol looked at her husband and said, "Luisa and Tony, we are new to the area and don't have any friends here. We like you both and are comfortable with you. Also, we like what we see and hope you like what you see. I know John would agree with me that I think we have a lot in common and want to explore an intimate relationship with you, if that is ok with you. Oh, so you know, we are both bi as well."

Luisa got up and walked over to Carol and gave her a hug and a kiss. Then she went to John and hugged and kissed him. 

John's cock immediately got hard. I looked at them and said, "Well, it looks like John is ok with it all." We all laughed.

Luisa invited them to stay the night and they agreed.

We finished off another bottle of wine and Luisa said that it was time to call it a night.

We all got up and Luisa showed them to the guest bedroom. However, she said, "You can stay here or you can join us in our king sized bed. Either way, we want to let you know that Tony and I like you both and hope you will join us. We will respect your decision either way."

Then the four of us disappeared into the bedrooms. Luisa and I washed up and got into bed naked, as always. 

We hugged and kissed and talked about Carol and John and we both hoped they would accept our invite to join us. Luisa said she felt very comfortable with them. She also said that she wouldn't mind having John's cock for a night and laughed.

Just as I was mounting Luisa for a fuck, there was a knock on the door. Luisa said to come in. I never moved and my hard cock was pointing to Luisa's cunt.

Carol opened the door and saw I was getting ready to fuck Luisa and apologized for the intrusion. We told her it was ok.

Then she said, "John and I talked about what we discussed tonight and we like you both, a lot. We would like to join you tonight to see how it goes, which we think will be terrific. We want to be the couple you are looking for. We know you are the couple we want as close intimate friends."

I looked at Carol and told her to get John and join us...