 "A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure Ch. 06" is a continuation of "A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure" Chapters 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. If you have not yet read those stories, I advise doing so before you start to read this story. This is an erotic fantasy. It is a work of fiction. Any characters or events related to real-life people or real-life events is unintentional and entirely coincidental.

*****

It was a cloudy Friday afternoon when we pulled up the driveway that led to Becca's parent's house.

"We're here," Becca announced, as she parked her car and unbuckled her seatbelt.

I unbuckled my seatbelt and started to get out of the car, but Becca grabbed my left shoulder and motioned for me to remain in my seat.

"Hold on," Becca said. "There's something that we need to talk about first."

"A couple family rules?" I wondered.

"For the most part, we don't have any rules," Becca replied. "But there are some... boundaries."

"Boundaries?" I repeated. "What are you talking about?"

"We all have some boundaries in life," Becca explaining. "You know that I have no issue with you putting your cock on and in other women for your own pleasure. But there is one exception."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Karissa," she answered. "She is the exception. A boundary I don't want you to ever cross."

"Who is..."

"Karissa is my younger sister," she said. "And she means everything to me."

Suddenly, I realized what this conversation was about.

"Oh!" I gasped. "You don't really think..."

"Look, Karissa and I have a strong bond, and we trust each other," Becca informed me. "You are not to touch her or allow her to touch you in any sexual manner whatsoever. Don't try to bend the rules. Don't try to develop a relationship with her that goes past friendship. Because I will find out, and you will feel very bad when I eventually discover the truth. Do you understand?"

"I understand," I said. "Look, Becca, I'm not going to disappoint you. For you, I'll behave, and respect your wishes."

"I know that I can trust you," Becca said. "I just needed to be clear. I know my faith in you will continue to be rewarded."

"Any other boundaries or exceptions?" I asked. "I just want to make sure, that's all."

"Nope," she told me. "Oh, and my parents still think I'm a virgin who is waiting till marriage."

My eyebrows rose up as I heard those words.

"Yeah, I know," Becca continued. "Thankfully, they're not big on technology and the Internet."

I chuckled at that remark.

"You can't have that kind of fun with my sister," she reminded me. "But you are welcome to do anything else you desire. Hopefully, those desires involve me. I think I would enjoy that very much."

"I think I would too," I answered.

I leaned forward and gave her a brief kiss on the lips.

"Come on, let's go," Becca said.

We climbed out of the car and headed towards the front door. Becca's mom and dad were standing next to each other on the porch.

"You must be the boyfriend that Becca has talked so much about," Becca's mom said.

"It's great to finally meet you both," I said.

"And it is great to finally meet you," Becca's mom said, as she shook my right hand.

I shook Becca's father's right hand shortly afterwards.

"You're welcome to make yourself at home," Becca's dad said. "Have you met Karissa yet?"

"No, not yet," I answered.

"Well, Karissa just got back from practice," Becca's mom said. "I think she's upstairs now."

"Practice?" I asked. "What does she do?"

"She's a cheerleader," Becca's dad answered. 

My eyebrows rose up. At that moment, I understood why Becca had a talk with me about her younger sister.

"She's a JV cheerleader?" I asked.

"Varsity," Becca's dad replied. "It's actually her senior year. Normally, she would be at school and getting ready for the game tonight, but the game was postponed to Saturday evening due to the storm that was projected to arrive this evening."

"Karissa just had a birthday last month," her mom revealed. "Can you believe my little girl is 18 now? Time sure flies, doesn't it?"

"Apparently," I replied.

"She's upstairs if you want to meet her," Becca's mom said. "Last door on the left."

I turned towards Becca. She nodded in approval.

"Go ahead," Becca said. "Just remember what I told you. And behave."

"I will," I told her.

"We'll see you in a bit," Becca's dad replied, as he allowed me to enter the house.

With a sigh, I took off my shoes and headed upstairs to Karissa's bedroom.

Eventually, I reached her bedroom. I proceeded to knock on Karissa's bedroom door. However, I heard soft moaning from within the bedroom. I could also hear a familiar smacking sound.

I grinned. Karissa was apparently a horny young woman. Just like her older sister.

I waited until the soft moaning and smacking stopped before I knocked on the door.

"Come in!" Karissa yelled.

I opened the bedroom door and stepped into the room.

"Hey," Karissa said, as she turned around and saw me.

It took everything I had to keep my breathing, and my cock, down. Karissa was even more attractive than I believed she would be.

Karissa had light blonde hair and green eyes. She was wearing a light pink top and a black miniskirt. And her smile was quite radiant.

"You must be the boyfriend that Becca has told me so much about," Karissa told me.

"Yes, I am," I said. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Karissa said, as she shook my right hand.

"Same," I answered.

"Sorry if I seem distracted," Karissa apologized. "My room is a mess, and I'm trying to make it look nice again. I was just putting some clothes away before you stopped by."

I immediately turned towards the bed, where a large amount of clothes were. However, there was something on the bed that immediately captured my attention. It was Karissa's high school cheerleading uniform.

The shell was dark blue and white while the miniskirt was light purple. It was complimented by a light blue bow, dark blue socks, and white tennis shoes.

"So you cheer?" I asked her.

"Been a cheerleader for most of my life, including all four years of high school," Karissa replied. "It really is a lot of fun."

"Oh, I believe it," I said.

Then I noticed something on Karissa's bed that made me hard. Her violet cheerleader panties.

Karissa walked over to the closet as she searched for something.

Without thinking, I grabbed the crotch of Karissa's cheerleader briefs. I gasped as I felt them. They were moist. Karissa had recently cum inside of them.

"Something wrong?" she asked.

"Nothing," I lied, as I dropped the briefs, spun around, and hid my hands behind my back.

"Did you have a question about something?" she asked.

"Uh... well... when does dinner normally start?" I asked, hoping to change the subject.

"Should start at 6," she answered.

"Cool," I said. "I... I got to help Becca with some... some things. I'll talk to you later."

"Okay, I'll see you," she said.

"See you," I replied, as I headed towards the bedroom door and opened it. I stepped into the hallway and closed the door behind me.

"That was too close," I said to myself, as I walked down the hallway. "Way too close."

I decided to explore the house before I returned to interact with Becca and her parents. I needed to get my mind off of Karissa. I didn't want anyone to suspect that I was attracted to Becca's sister.

The first room that I visited was a library. It contained several books, audiotapes, and videos.

However, there was one book that caught my attention.

A red book lay on the blue carpet floor. I could tell that that book had been recently opened.

I picked the book up off the floor and opened it.

I gasped when I saw the first page. It was a picture of Karissa in her cheerleader outfit.

I flipped through the book as I stared at the photos inside of it.

The book contained recent pictures of Karissa in her cheerleader uniform. Some of those pictures involved Karissa stretching, jumping, or performing stunts that allowed me to see her little cheerleader panties, including the crotch and the ass that they clung to.

They weren't the most erotic pictures I had seen, but for some strange reason, looking at Karissa in an outfit that was equally innocent yet equally naughty made me very horny.

I felt my cock become hard as I stared at those pictures.

At that moment, I left the library and took the book back to Becca's bedroom. 

Thankfully, Becca wasn't in the room. I immediately closed the bedroom door and locked it. 

Then I removed my belt, pants, and boxers from my legs and climbed onto the bed.

I set the book down beside me as I grabbed my hard cock and began to masturbate.

As I stroked my stiff cock, I began to fantasize. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help myself. I had some truly naughty thoughts on my mind, and I really wanted to cum.

I wanted to meet Karissa while she was in her little cheerleader outfit. I wanted to corner her in her bedroom. I wanted to shove her down onto the bed and push her head into her own pillows.

I wanted to lift up her miniskirt, pull down her panties, and stare at her exposed ass and pussy.

I wanted to press my mouth directly against her pink pussy lips. I wanted to make her wet and make her squirt until the bed was covered in her pussy juice.

I wanted push my erect cock into her snatch and fuck her. I wanted to spank her ass repeatedly as I fucked her hard and fast. 

I wanted to fill up Karissa's pussy and hear her orgasmic cries until she could scream no more.

At that moment, I reached my climax and orgasmed.

I moaned loudly as cum shot right out of my cock.

"Shit," I gasped, as my orgasm ceased, and I realized what I did.

Unfortunately, I covered multiple cheerleader photos with my own semen. 

I grabbed several tissues from a nearby tissue box and began to wipe my cum off of the photos.

Thankfully, I was able to clean off the photos without leaving any obvious stains or smears.

I hoped that Karissa wouldn't notice.

I dropped the book, grabbed my boxers and pants, and quickly put them back on.

I buttoned and zipped my pants back up and put my belt back into my pants loops. Then I took the book back to Karissa's library. Thankfully, I didn't run into anyone on my way back to the library.

I promptly placed the book on a shelf and departed from the library.

With a long and heavy sigh, I decided to find Becca. Being with her was probably the only way I would be able to get my mind off Karissa and the images of her in that sexy cheerleader outfit.

Thankfully, the rest of the day went by as expected.

I had dinner with Becca and her family. I told them about my life, my aspirations, and my career.

Then we played some board games together. The games consisted of Sorry, Monopoly, and some type of Trivial Pursuit game.

Then we watched some television together. Truthfully, the evening was a blur for the most part.

As I brushed my teeth in the upstairs bathroom, I realized that I still couldn't stop thinking about Karissa. I had to find a way to get my mind off of her.

When I returned to the bedroom, I saw that the lights were off. Becca was laying in her bed.

I climbed underneath the bedsheets and snuggled up beside her. Becca giggled softly as I lay beside her. She was still awake. At that moment, I decided to satisfy her.

I stuck my left hand down her panties and pressed my fingers against her soft pink lips. I clenched her pussy with my warm fingers as I felt her up.

"Not tonight, baby," Becca said, as she yanked my hand out of her panties.

"You okay?" I asked her.

"I'm fine," she replied. "I'm sorry, dear. I haven't had much sleep recently. I just need to catch up on some sleep tonight. That's all. We'll have some fun tomorrow, okay?"

"Okay," I said. "That's fine. I hope you sleep well, dear. I love you."

"You too," she answered. 

With a sigh, I shut my eyes. After a few minutes of deep contemplation and sexual frustration, I finally fell asleep.

The following Saturday morning arrived swiftly. When I awoke, I immediately noticed that Becca was no longer in bed. 

I gazed around the room, squinting my eyes as the sun shone through the bedroom. I noticed that the bedroom was not as neat and tidy as it could have been.

At that moment, I decided to help her out and do some cleaning for her.

I was cleaning the area around the bed when Becca entered the bedroom.

"Hey, my parents and I are going to go out," Becca informed me. "Trying to make up for lost time. Karissa said she was behind on homework so she's gonna stay in and do some catch up."

"Did you want me to go with you?" I asked.

"It's nothing against you," she answered. "They just want to do some catching up. We can all do something fun later tonight. Especially once there's time where it's just you and me."

"Okay, sounds good," I said.

"I do have a favor to ask though," she remarked.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Do you think you could do some shopping for me?" Becca asked. "You can just use my car. We're low on food, and my parents aren't really the type to order out. I really would appreciate it."

"Yeah, not a problem," I said. "I'll make sure to stock up groceries for you and your folks."

"Awesome," she replied. "Thanks a lot, sweetie. My key should be on the dresser. I got to go, but I'll see you later."

I started to walk over and kiss her, but Becca was already heading down the stairs.

With a heavy sigh, I walked over to the dresser and searched for the key to Becca's car. Much to my surprise, the key was not there.

I frantically searched everywhere for the key. However, I couldn't find it.

Suddenly, I realized where the key was. And I realized why it wasn't on the dresser.

I immediately left Becca's bedroom, sprinted down the hallway, and knocked loudly on Karissa's door.

"Come in!" Karissa yelled.

I threw open the door and stepped into Karissa's bedroom.

Karissa spun around to face me. She was wearing her cheerleader uniform, and she had a big smile on her face.

"Were you looking for something?" Karissa asked me. "Or should I say... someone?"

"Karissa, have you seen Becca's key?" I asked her. "I have to do some shopping, and I need it!"

"Shopping, huh?" Karissa asked. "Well, I know one thing that you'll want to get. And you won't need a key or a car for that."

"Karissa, do you have Becca's key?" I asked.

"I do," she said. "I just need you to answer a question for me first."

"What is it?" I asked.

"I always wanted to know this," she said. "Do you like my cheerleader uniform?"

I pressed my legs together as I tried to prevent myself from getting a boner.

"It's okay," I said, as I tried to be as vague as possible.

"Oh, I think you find this outfit to be more than just "okay," Karissa said. "I know you're into naughty cheerleaders. And I'm very naughty. Hmm... perhaps you just need a different... perspective."

At that moment, Karissa turned around and bent down as she reached for her blue pom poms, which were resting on her bedroom floor. My cock jumped up as her miniskirt crawled up her legs.

I breathed loudly as I stared at Karissa's ass, which was barely covered by her skimpy violet panties. Her cheeks stuck out, and the outline of her lips was visible through the thin material.

My cock was completely hard, and I couldn't find a way to get it back down again.

"Oops!" Karissa yelled, as she jumped up and held her miniskirt down. "Accidentally gave you a peek of what's under my little miniskirt. Heh, heh. My bad."

"I got to go," I said, as I kept my right leg positioned in front of my stiff cock. "I have to help Becca out with some important things. Now give me the key, please."

"You want your key?" she asked. "Then you're going to have to do something for me, big boy."

"Karissa, I need my key!" I demanded.

"No, you want your key," Karissa corrected. "Give me what I want, and I will give you what you want. And besides, you're going to get a lot more out of this than I will. Trust me."

"What do you want from me?" I asked, even though I already knew where this was going.

"I know that you're quite good at giving cunnilingus," she remarked. "Can you do that for me?"

Karissa sat down on her bed and waited for me.

"You want your key?" she asked. "Then take off my little panties and make me wet. I know you want to."

"And how would you know that?" I questioned.

"I know that you masturbated to photos of me in this cheerleader outfit yesterday," she confessed. "A few drops of cum were on the front cover of my photo album. It tasted quite delicious."

"Look, Karissa..."

"Look, I know that you want it," Karissa interrupted. "I know you're into naughty cheerleaders. And that's exactly what I am. I want you to make me scream, and I want you to make me cum."

"But Becca..."

"Just give me one minute," she said. "One minute of kissing. That's all I need. Please?"

I let out a long and exasperated sigh.

"And if I do that, you'll give me my key and not say a word about this?" I asked her.

"I promise," she answered.

"Okay," I said. "Then let's do this."

I climbed onto Karissa's bed. She giggled as she waited for me to arouse her.

I pushed Karissa back until her miniskirt was pulled up and her panties were visible.

Then I grabbed Karissa's briefs by the waistband and yanked them down her legs. I pulled the violet briefs all the way down her legs until they were wrapped around her white tennis shoes. 

Karissa kicked the panties off her feet and onto the floor. Then she leaned back against the bed frame as she spread her legs for me and showed me her pantyless crotch.

Her pussy was shaven, her clit was quite visible, and her pink lips looked truly delicious. However, I knew that I couldn't give into my urges and lose control entirely.

I raised my left hand and quickly set my wristwatch to one minute on the timer.

"One minute only," I told her. "That's all you get. That's the deal. No exceptions."

"As long as I cum, I promise that I will be very happy," Karissa promised.

I hit the START button on my wristwatch and activated the timer.

Then I lowered my mouth down to Karissa's pussy and began to kiss it.

I flicked my tongue out and began to play with her clit. She breathed loudly as I began to lick and stimulate her pleasure center.

Then I placed my entire mouth onto Karissa's twat and began to eat her out, pressing both of my lips and my tongue onto her pussy. She let out several loud moans as I kissed her soft pink flesh.

Suddenly, I realized that Becca and her parents were probably still in the house.

Instinctively, I pulled my mouth away from her cooch and snatched her panties up off the floor.

"Hold on," I said.

"What are you..."

"Shh," I whispered, as I shoved the violet briefs into Karissa's mouth and gagged her. "I don't want anyone to hear us. Muffled screams are much better when others are in the house."

With a smile, I pressed my tongue against Karissa's clit and began to eat her out again.

Karissa moaned through her panties as I licked and kissed her fresh pink twat.

As she moaned, I increased the pace and intensity of my kissing, rotating my tongue as I stimulated her surprisingly sensitive twat.

Karissa placed both of her hands in my hair. She lowered my head and pressed my mouth down onto her pussy as I made out with her lips.

Karissa's pussy was delicious, and I really wanted to taste the cum that her pussy could produce.

I sank my teeth into her pink lips as I shook them back and forth in my mouth.

Karissa let out a muffled scream through her panties as she orgasmed, sending a wave of cum right out of her pussy.

I pulled my mouth away from Karissa as she squirted. She moaned as her pussy became soaked in her own cum. It poured out onto her miniskirt and into the bedsheets that were underneath us.
