 She glanced around the restaurant nervously. Glassing clinking, silverware gliding across plates and into the waiting mouths, the restaurant was extremely busy. She was ridiculously out of her element. She preferred quiet, shadowy restaurants or bars. Less likely she would run into anyone there. Not that she cared what anyone thought about her life, it was just easier to not have to explain herself to anyone. She owed zero explanations to anyone, least of all the unwashed masses.

She shifted in her chair, skirt rising up her thighs as she did. She caught a flash of sapphire blue to her right and turned just as he arrived at the table. Dark grey suit, brilliant blue tie, his spicy scent reaching her nostrils before he even touched her, he smiled. She felt her body already responding to his presence. Nothing moved her like a man that smelled as good as he looked.

He flashed a smile and she reached out to shake his hand, after all this was a "business arrangement" and she was determined to act accordingly. He leaned in and put his arms around her and hugged her. Pulling her in close and pressing his body against her, she could feel his hot breath on her neck. Her skin sparked at his touch, and she inhaled deeply, breathing him in like sea salt air.

"Hi," he said "you look amazing." His eyes sparking with mischief, he pulled out her chair again and helped her to sit back down, his hand brushing against her backside as she sat. She heard his breath hitch in his chest. That alone, told her she had hit the mark with the dress. She smirked and looked up at him.

"Hi," she said back and settled into the chair ready to play the game. Typically, these meet and greets were filled with pleasant words, sharing small, banal stories of family and skirting around the reason why they were really there. This one had been different from the start. He had been forthright, open and quite clear about what he was looking for. He was very detailed in what he wanted, needed and was determined to get, not only from the meeting, but from her specifically.

She could feel his eyes slowly peeling off her dress and his hands touching what was beneath, almost like he was unwrapping a perfect gift. She watched his eyes trail down her body, taking it all in and she could physically feel his touch. Inhaling deeply, determined to get her equilibrium back, she smiled and leaned in.

"Well, we finally meet. I must say, I have very much enjoyed our emails and texts these last two weeks. You have a way with, uh, words" looking directly at him, she took it all in. He had sent her a few photos of him in a suit and tie. He certainly hadn't made any false promises about how much she would want to take hold of that tie and pull him in close. In fact, all she wanted to do right now was lean across the table and kiss him, taste his lips and drink him in.

"You look amazing," he said again "wow, I wasn't sure how this would go, but you look incredible. I love that dress. Very sexy"

"Thank you, I picked it out just for you."

The restaurant noise was increasing and patrons were filling up the surrounding tables. She knew what she wanted to say, what she wanted to do. Her mind was racing with possibility and she would feel the tension building in her body. She leaned back, crossing her legs and she felt a shiver run though her. She could feel the heat rising in her groin and she had to shift again. Perhaps she should have reconsidered the decision to not wear panties today. Somehow, she realized that decision was going to bite her in the ass today.

He reached across the table and took her hand in his. The electricity in his touch fired right up her arm and she flinched. Rarely, if ever, did a simple touch make her feel like she was on fire. She sucked in her breath and closed her eyes momentarily as images of his hands on her body raced through her mind.

With a slightly evil grin, he looked at her. "What shall we talk about today? The weather? The latest development in high tech program design? Oh, I know," he smiled "let's talk about how badly I want to peel that dress off you and have my way."

She laughed, her head thrown back, exposing her neck to him. He wanted to lean in and run his mouth across her skin, taste her, inhale her scent. Her laugh was throaty and filled with trouble. He suddenly realized there was no way they were going to make it through lunch.

"We should get out of here" he said, his voice having trouble staying even. "I have an idea, a better idea than sitting in this restaurant and making small talk."

"Oh? What would that be? I thought we agreed that this would be a very casual lunch. We would STAY in the restaurant, no matter what. That was your rule remember?"

"Yes, yes I remember. You're right. What shall we order?" He sat upright and straightened his tie. Clearing his throat, she could see his skin had a slight red shade to it. She knew she was having the same effect on him, and she was going to enjoy this lunch.

"So, tell me, what's your favorite flavor?" she asked grinning at him.

"Flavor?"

"Yes, flavor."

He looked at her, across the table and wondered what he was going to do with her. She was filled with sass and attitude and he loved it. He could feel her pushing his buttons and hitting all the right spots. She quite often challenged him when they chatted through text and he found himself wanting more and more of her. Now, meeting her in person, he simply wanted to walk her out of the restaurant, take that damn dress off of her and bury his face between her thighs.

"You didn't answer my question" she said.

"Oh, right, flavor. That's a tough one. May I think about it?"

"Sure" she smiled. This lunch was going to be fun. She was about to turn up the heat on him and see exactly where his line was drawn.

She shifted her chair so he could see her legs and skirt. With her back to a small wall, she knew that no one else could see her as he blocked the view of the restaurant. If she couldn't see them, chances were they couldn't see her and she was willing to take the risk.

She slowly ran her hands up her thighs, drawing the skirt up as she went.

"Remember what you asked me for if we met for lunch?" She could see his eyes widen, the realization of what he had asked her to do for him the day before. A quick version of the conversation passed through his mind and he felt his cock stiffen in his suit. He shifted in his seat, trying to relieve the pressure that was building in his pants. He cleared his throat and loosened his tie, suddenly feeling a rush of heat surround him.

"You asked me for something specific. Something that only you would know, and enjoy today."

He nodded and glanced down at her hands on her thighs. The skirt was slowly rising higher and higher. He could see the tops of her thighs fully exposed now, the skirt only inches from exposing her naked skin between her thighs. He stared at her hands, willing them to move again, to pull that skirt up and show him what was waiting there for him. Instead, she slid a hand between her thighs and dared him to touch her. Her chest flushed red as the waves of pleasure rushed through her. Her eyes widened as she slid two fingers inside her hot wet pussy at the table. She arched her back slightly so she could press her fingers deeper inside.

His eyes darted from her hands to her face, back to her hands. She could see his chest rising and falling rapidly as he struggled to catch his breath. She slowly slid her hand out from her thighs and he could see her fingers were glistening, wet with her juices. He cleared his throat again, shifted and struggled to gain his composure.

"That's not fair" he growled.

"What? This?" she raised her skirt up, exposing her smooth pink skin. No panties. Wet with pleasure, her pussy was begging him to taste. She shifted her hips and spread her legs wider, giving him a full view of her amazing body. Those sweet thighs, her shaved pussy, calling to him.

He stood up abruptly. "We're leaving."

She laughed again, knowing she had managed to totally take control from him and drive him crazy.

She stood, the dress sliding back down her legs, covering up what he wanted so badly. He threw a $20 down on the table and grabbed her hand and led her from the crowded restaurant. His hand rested on the small of her back, guiding her towards his car in the parking lot. The heat rising from the pavement, she could feel the hot breeze catching under her skirt and caressing her skin. The feel turned her on even more, making the blood rush from her head. She knew what was coming next and her brain was yelling at her, telling her to turn around and get into her own car. Drive away and wait for the right time. The feel of his hands on her body was overriding her mind and her body was following his lead. He opened the door and motioned for her to get in. She looked at him, set her jaw and paused at the door.

"You said this wouldn't happen today."

"I lied. Get in."

She could hear the lust in his voice and knew that no matter what decision she made, there would be no going back. She took a deep breath and sat in the seat. Drawing her legs in to the car, she have him another peek under her skirt.

He slammed the door and came around to the driver's side and jumped in. Turning the key, the engine revved to life and he drove out of the parking lot.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"Somewhere close before I take you into that back seat and fuck you like I mean it." He searched the street for a place to stop. Pulling into the first hotel he saw, he parked the car and headed for the lobby. A few minutes later, he came back out and opened her door. Grabbing her by the wrist, he yanked her out of the car and pulled her towards the hotel. Inside, he headed right for the elevators and punched the button. His hand was now on her ass. One cheek cupped in his grasp as he struggled to maintain his composure. All he wanted to do was lift up that skirt and have his way with her. The doors slid open and he lead her into the elevator. As the doors closed, she dropped to her knees and quickly unzipped his pants, pulling his rock hard cock out, she took him inside her mouth and drew her tongue down his shaft. His knees buckled and he leaned against the wall to steady himself. She gripped his cock in her hands and caressed the tip with her tongue. Circling around and driving him crazy, a low moan escaped his throat and he grabbed hold of her hair. Lacing his fingers around stands of her long hair, he rocked his hips forward and drove his cock to the back of her throat. She took all of him into her throat and stroked the shaft with her other hand.

The bell signaled the floor had arrived and he grabbed her by the shoulders and yanked her up. Quickly zipping his fly, he grabbed her by the hand and dragged her down the hallway. Searching for the room number, he jammed the key card in the lock and opened the door. He drew her into the room, closing the door behind her. With one quick move, he turned the lock and pulled her into the bedroom. He slid his hands down her body and brought them up under the skirt. Her warm skin melted in his hands. Her thighs quivered as his hands touched them.

He slid the zipper down the back of her dress and it fell soundless to the floor, pooling around her ankles. He gazed at her, drinking her in. The curve of her hips, the swell of her breasts. His mouth watered at the thought of tasting her. He wrapped his hands into her hair and brought his mouth down hard on hers, kissing her and wanting to have every inch of her skin touching his.

She reached down and undid his zipper again. Unlatching his belt and drawing his pants down. She unbuttoned his shirt, pulling his tie off. The shirt slipped to the floor. Slowly she knelt before him and took him inside her mouth. Her hot wet tongue caressed the shaft of his cock. Tasting the spicy sweet of his skin, she drew him in deeper and deeper. One hand held his cock while the other cupped his balls and tugged at them, teasing them and driving him wild. He gasped as her tongue circled the tip of his cock, the sweet spot that took his breath away. He leaned back against the bed; catching his breath and commanding his body and mind to get it together.

He grasped her hair in his hands and pressed his cock further into her throat, she dug her nails into his hips. He pulled her up and shoved her back onto the bed. She lay there naked, ready to have him, draw him into her. He reached down, stroking her thighs, drawing his fingers up and into her hot wet pussy. He could feel her muscles contract as he slid two fingers inside her. The warmth of her body magnified by her lust, he could feel her body responding to his touch. He slid his fingers in and out of her. She arched her back, driving him deeper inside her. He curled his fingers forwards bumping against her g spot, liquid pooling in the palm of his hand. She was so wet and he wanted to taste her sweet honey.

He bent forwards and buried his face between her thighs. His tongue flicking against her swollen clit as her honey dripped onto his lips. He grasped her ass and lifted her hips to his face. He drove his tongue deep inside her and she moaned with pleasure. He could smell the sweet sticky scent of her skin, filling his nostrils and intoxicating him. She was rocking her hips to his rhythm, her pleasure building. He slid a finger into her pussy and a second finger into her ass. She moaned in delight and her could feel her body letting go, giving into the passion. She grabbed his hair and pulled him closer to her, the rhythm of her hips building, speeding up as she felt the orgasm pulse through her body. She let go and cried out as the orgasm crashed into her, making her body shake. He lapped up her wetness, catching every drop of her hot liquid as it trickled into his mouth. He loved the taste of her. Like a fine wine, she tasted of sex and lust.

"Fuck me" she gasped. "Please, fuck me!"

He grabbed her hips and flipped her over onto all fours, her ass in the air, her pussy welcoming him inside her. He thrust forward, she pushed back and he buried his cock inside her, his balls slapping against her skin. He dug his fingers into her hips, leaving red marks. He couldn't let go. He drew her backwards, getting as deep inside her as he could.; feeling her pulse around him, her moans turning him on even more. He loved it when a woman let him know she was turned on. He liked them vocal, telling him what to do, telling him how good it felt and how much they wanted him. He reached around and began to tease her clit with his fingers, coaxing a second, more powerful orgasm out of her. She cried out. Arching her back and pressing against him, increasing her speed and he could feel his body losing control. The orgasm building and he slowed, trying to stop it from taking over.

"Turn over" he hissed between his teeth. She rolled onto her back, looking at him, knowing she could make him lose control. He grabbed her ankles and yanked her towards him. Putting her legs over his shoulders, he drove his cock inside her, as deep as he could go. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him close, looking into his eyes.

"You feel so fucking good. I love having your cock inside me. I want you inside me. Cum for me baby" she breathed.

Hearing her talk took every ounce of composure he had left. He rocked his hips forwards and backwards filling her, feeling the slick wetness of her pussy. He couldn't hold back anymore, the orgasm rocked through him and he thrust harder and harder, giving her every inch of himself. Deep inside her, he felt her body pulsing along with the rhythm of his orgasm.

He fell forwards onto the bed beside her. Exhuasted and spent. He looked over at her. She had her eyes closed, taking in the moment. Wondering to himself, "is this what lunch is going to look like from now on?"

He reached over and touched her skin. Still hot with lust and damp with sweat, she tuned to look at him. She smiled and said, "same time tomorrow?"