 I paused and took a deep breath before knocking on the door. My boyfriend Ryan opened it and pulled me inside and over to the couch as I kicked off my low black heels. He pulled me down so I was straddling his lap and started kissing me, gently at first, then more insistent. I moaned low in my throat as he pulled gently on my long red hair with one hand and undid the buttons of my black work shirt with the other, exposing my pale skin. I let my head be pulled back so that my neck was exposed, and helped him to remove my shirt, discarding it carelessly onto the other end of the couch. Ryan moved his hands so one was cupping my face and one was resting on my back, just above my waist, and then started kissing and biting my neck, sending shivers down my spine and making my nipples achingly hard. I moaned again and undid the buttons on my black wraparound skirt, feeling exposed now that I was straddling him wearing only a black bra that pushed up my 38DD tits, black panties and sheer black thigh high stockings, while he was fully dressed in his usual jeans and t-shirt. He ran his right hand from my face, slowly down over my breasts, pausing to play with my nipples. I groaned and ground myself against his cock that was incredibly hard and pressing against my pussy through his jeans. Ryan trailed his fingers slowly down over my stomach and down to cup my soaking pussy as I leant back slightly, enjoying his touch. He teasingly stroked a single finger lightly over my slit, through my panties.

"Do you want me baby?" Ryan growled.

"Mmm, yes," I moaned, closing my eyes as he moved his hand so it was inside my panties, pressed against my wetness, stroking the length of my slit then teasing my clit with one finger.

"How much do you want me?" he asked, slipping one and then two fingers inside me, making me open my eyes wide and grind myself against his hand.

"Please Ryan, I need your cock," I pleaded.

He removed his fingers from me and offered them to me to taste. I got up and moved so I was kneeling between his legs, and took his fingers in my mouth, licking my juices off them. As I was enjoying the taste of myself, I undid his jeans and slid them and his boxers down as he lifted his hips to help me. Ryan slid his fingers out of my mouth and quickly pulled off his t-shirt as I stared at his hard cock, licking my lips with anticipation.

As he leaned back against the couch and looked down at me, I wrapped my hand around his cock and slowly stroked him. I could feel him growing hotter and harder in my hand as he stroked my hair. I leaned forward and looked up into Ryan's deep blue eyes as I slowly licked him from his balls to the tip of his cock, and then lowered my mouth over him.

"That feels so good," Ryan groaned, tangling his hands in my hair and stroking my neck with his nails as I explored his cock lazily with my tongue, enjoying the taste of him.

"Come here," he said urgently, tugging my hair upwards, "I want to fuck you."

I let his cock slide out of my mouth and continued stroking him as I insisted, "No, I want to make you cum with my mouth."

Ryan loosened my hair a little and I sucked his throbbing dick back in my mouth, then backed off a little, then sucked him a little further into my mouth, teasing him with my tongue. I moaned, savouring his delicious taste. As the vibrations from my moaning reverberated around his cock, he pushed my mouth further onto his hard dick until he was all the way in and my nose was pressed against his stomach, then he started moving his hips, fucking my face.

I could feel saliva pooling in my mouth and swallowed around his cock, grabbing at his arse and scratching at him to make him thrust deeper.

"That's it, I'm almost there, harder, harder," Ryan gasped, his cock twitching in my mouth.

I tightened my mouth around his cock, taking control again as I jerked him with my hand, sucking harder. I let his cock slide out of my mouth as I pant urgently, "I want you to cum in my mouth, I want to taste your cum."

Looking down at me he cried, "Fuck yes, fuck yes I'm going to cum!" as he bucked his hips wildly.

I looked up at him with lust in my eyes as I opened my mouth wide so he could watch as streams of his cum shot on to my tongue. Some dribbled out of my mouth and onto my tits, but I kept my mouth opened until he'd finish pumping his load in to me. I held my mouth open a little wider so he could see his cum pooled in my mouth, and then swallowed it all, enjoying the sweet taste. Some of it dripped out of my mouth and on to my tits, so I scooped it up with my finger and licked it off, not wanting to miss a drop.

"God you're good at that," he said, untangling his fingers from my hair.

I licked my lips, sighing as he released me. I got to my feet and stood there stroking the side of his face as he put his arms around my hips and hugged me to him. Ryan's nose was pressed against my soaking wet panties and he inhaled my scent before beginning to pull the black panties off down my hips.

"Wait," I said, thinking practically for a second. "I have to get back to work; I have a really important meeting. I'll come back afterwards, okay?"

I pulled my panties back up and leaned down to kiss him, then retrieved my shirt and skirt that I'd thrown to the other end of the couch.

Ryan watched me dress and put my heels back on, chuckling as I attempted to make it look like I hadn't spent my lunch break with a cock in my mouth. He stood and walked me to the door, still naked.

"I want you to think about me all afternoon, while you're sitting in your meeting I want you to think about riding my cock when you get home, understand?" he breathed into my ear as he reached around me for the door handle. He pressed himself against me, and took my mouth with his until I moaned and pulled away, breathing hard. I nodded and he let me out then door.

As I walked down the steps to my car, I thought to myself, 'This is going to be a very long afternoon...'