 Finally pulling up to the hotel, Peri sighed, relieved. She was on a business trip in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It had been a long flight from her home in Baltimore, Maryland. She was ready to relax before the meetings that were to start on Monday. That gave her the whole weekend. She stepped out of the taxi, took a deep breath and slowly let it out while stretching. As she turned to look at her surroundings, the Bel boy appeared behind her out of nowhere.

"Shit!" she gasped startled. "Where the hell did you come from?"

"Sorry if I startled you ma'am. I'm here to take your bags." She just stared at him for a moment. Getting a good look at him she saw that he was very attractive. He was in his early 20's, the same as she was. He had short brown hair, light brown eyes, a medium build and he was slightly taller than her. 

"It's okay. Just don't do it again," she said smiling. He gave her a shy smile and got her bags out of the trunk. This gave her a moment to smooth her hair and adjust the skirt set she was wearing. As he was bending over she took a quick glance at his ass.

"Not bad," she thought.

"That's everything ma'am. This way." He walked to the door and opened it for her. She stepped inside and he pulled the cart with her bags in behind him.

"Thank you." She smiled at him.

"You're welcome ma'am," he said quietly standing by her bags. She checked in, got her key and he followed her to the elevator. They rode in silence. She noticed he seemed very nervous.

"Are you okay?" she asked. He jumped at the sound of her voice.

"Yes ma'am." He replied as the doors opened to her floor. "This way." She smiled as she followed him down the hall to her room. He stopped in front of her door. She unlocked it and stepped inside, holding the door open for him. When she noticed he didn't enter, she turned around and looked at him. 

"You coming in?" He hesitated for a moment then picked up her bags and stepped inside.

"Thank you," she smiled.

"You're welcome." He started to walk away as she opened her purse to search for her wallet.

"No tip?" she asked surprised.

"No ma'am. It was my pleasure." And with that, he left quickly closing the door behind him.  Peri showered and changed her clothes. Sitting on the bed she thought what she could do. She slipped on a pink dress and flip-flops, grabbed her room key and went down to the lobby to walk around. It was getting late and there weren't many people in the lobby. She decided to go back up to her room and order room service. After all - she wasn't paying for anything. She got to her room and ordered pizza and ice cream. About 20 minutes later, there was a loud knock at her door. She jumped at the sudden sound. Rolling her eyes she swung the door open. It was the Bel hop.

"Oh. Hi," she said surprised.

"Hello," he said quietly.

"Yes?" she asked smiling.

"Oh. Here's your pizza and ice cream ma'am," he said blushing,"Sorry."

"Bring it in," she said walking back into the room. He quickly brought the cart in.

"What's your name?" she asked sitting down on the bed.

"Dante ma'am."

"How old are you Dante?"

"23."

"Well I'm only 21. You can stop calling me ma'am!" He blushed again.

"Sorry."

"My name is Peri. Nice to meet you Dante."

"Okay, nice to meet you too Peri. The pleasure is all mine." She smiled.

"You want to stay? I ordered a movie."

"I would love to but I'm still working."

"Well when do you get off?"

"5am."

"Oh. Do you get a lunch break?"

"Yes."  "When?"

"I don't know."

"That helps. Should I save you some pizza?"

"No, it's not a very big pizza. But thanks. I have to get back to work." He left quickly before she could say another word.

Around 3am Peri woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. She decided to go take a walk outside and get some fresh air. She put on a white tank top and a pair of shorts and went downstairs and outside. It was chilly outside. She didn't bother to put on a bra and it was noticeable. She looked around and saw Dante, the Bel hop. He was leaning on the wall and smoking a cigarette a little ways away. She smiled.

"Hey Dante," she said walking over to him. He looked from her face to her breasts and back before answering.

"Hi Peri."

"You're on break?"

"Yeah. Finally," he said taking a drag of his cigarette.

"Oh. I couldn't sleep...Why did you leave so quickly?"

"I was doing two jobs. Bel hop and room service. Someone was sick and I had to cover. I just had to get back to work."

"Oh. Is there a pool around here?"

"Yes."

"Outside?"

"Yes."

"Can you show me? Do you have time?"

"Sure. My break just started anyway." He flicked his cigarette into the ashtray and started walking towards the side of the building. Peri stayed close behind him. So close that when he stopped she bumped into him.

"Sorry," she laughed.

"It's okay," he said turning around and looking at her. They were face to face.

"There's the pool," he said pointing without taking his eyes off of hers.

"Thanks."

"I..," he paused. "I um..." Suddenly she kissed him softly on the lips. To her surprise he didn't pull away. He kissed her back and put his hand lightly on her face. They stopped.

"Wow." she said,"That was nice." Even in the dark she could tell he blushed.

"I agree," he smiled. They looked at each other for a moment and he kissed her again. This time with more aggression. He backed her against the wall and kissed her neck and hesitantly put his hands on her sides. Moving them up slowly towards her breasts. She grabbed his hand and put it under her shirt and he squeezed her tits. She pulled him closer to get a feel of his cock on her. It was hard against her pussy. She was starting to get wet. She couldn't resist and she reached down to touch his stiffness. It turned them both on the more she groped at it. He pulled away.

"Not here." She followed him around the pool to the storage area where the extra chairs were kept. He unlocked it and they went in. Even before the door was closed she was unbuttoning his pants. She pulled his shirt off and backed him down into a beach chair. She kissed his stomach all the way down kissing his cock through his pants.

"Oh!" he moaned softly at the feel of her lips on his throbbing rod. He couldn't take it any more and she released his rock-hard prick. She wiggled her tongue on the head. Around in circles. Then she grabbed it by the base and put it in her mouth little by little teasing him. 

"Ohh!" he moaned louder as she put the length of it in her mouth. She sucked on his cock like her life depended on it. He started to fuck her in the mouth hard. He realized he was going to cum soon and pulled his dick out and got down on the ground with her, laying her down. He unbuttoned her shorts and slid them off revealing her soaking wet panties. He could smell the sweetness of her and it turned him on like hell. He spread her legs and begin to kiss her inner thighs. He slowly worked his way up to her crotch. He licked her through her panties and then pulled the top of her panties down. He blew on her clit lightly. She moaned softly and looked at him. He finally slid her panties all the way down and off and saw a perfectly trimmed pussy that was ready to be fucked. He leaned down and stuck his tongue directly on her magic button. She was pulling at her nipple with one hand and had her other hand in her mouth, biting to stifle her moans. He wiggled his tongue around on her bud then licked up and down her slit. All at once he buried his face in her thighs and stuck 2 fingers in her hole. Eating away he fucked her in and out faster and faster with his fingers. Her hips were thrusting wildly and she was no longer able to hold the moans in.

"Yes..Yes..YES! Ohh! Ohhh!" she moaned loudly no longer caring if anyone heard. She grabbed his head and pushed it deeper into her pussy as she shook from an orgasm. Her juices dripped on his face and he kept licking at her. Finger fucking her. She was now half sitting up with her hands on his head fucking his face. 

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yess!" she moaned as he sucked on her clit. He rolled it between his lips and she shook again holding his face so deep into her pussy he could barely breath. When she let go, she lay there and he sat up and rubbed his still hard cock. She sat up and grabbed his cock and nearly shoved it inside of her.

"Fuck me Dante," she moaned as he began to hammer away at her pussy.

"Oh! Oh! Oh yes! YESS!!" she moaned. She grabbed onto his shoulders as he fucked her harder and harder her tits bouncing violently.

"Deeper Dante!" she yelled,"Oh, right there! Right there! Yes! Yes!"

"You like that? Huh?" he said to her between thrusts. "How do you want it Peri?"

"Harder!" she cried. He thrust as deep and hard as he could. He felt pressure building in his balls. She stopped him and turned around on her knees, ass facing him. He immediately scooted to her and his cock slid easily into her sopping wet pussy. He pounded away while she pushed her ass back matching his rhythm. He reached around and rubbed her clit as he was ready to squirt his cum. He wanted them to cum together. The slapping of his balls on her round firm ass became too much for him. He grabbed her by the waist and rammed her one last time and let loose in her pussy. She rubbed her clit frantically and came with him. He leaned on her and places gentle kisses on her back. They turned over and he laid on top of her, kissing her softly. He slid his hand to her pussy and rubbed her juices then licked them off. He moved slowly back to her pussy and licked her clean. He finished her off by licking her to one last orgasm.

"Dante...You don't seem to be the aggressive type," she said while they lay there. He blushed again.

"That's just how I like it."

"It was good. I like that side of you." They kissed and got dressed and he returned to work and she back to her room. When she woke up that morning, there was a note on the pillow next to hers and a card that read: "Thanks Peri, for the best lunch break ever. -- Dante."