 Hmm...lunch date...

She could not stop thinking about what they had done, about what SHE had done! "I sucked his cock," she said aloud to herself. "I swallowed his cum!" She remembered the size of his load, remembered the amount of cum she had swallowed. Remembering what they had done made her pussy begin to leak again. She allowed herself to enjoy the sensation of fluid dripping out of her pussy. She wished that he was with her at the moment because it would have been the perfect opportunity for him to fuck her.

He could not stop thinking about what they had done, about what SHE had done! He had enjoyed their lunch date, and he knew that she had enjoyed it, too. He remembered the feel of her lips wrapped around his cock, her tongue gently licking the tip. He remembered shooting his cum into her mouth and down her throat, spraying her face and tits with his hot load. Remembering what they had done made his dick stiffen again. He wondered what she was doing at the moment as he began to stroke his cock. All he could think about was fucking her.

The next day, he was surprised to find a note from her on his desk. "12:00. Follow me. I know a place." He watched the clock anxiously, waiting for 12:00. Finally, at noon, he clocked out and left his cubicle, heading for the parking lot. As he walked to his car, he saw her further down the row getting into her vehicle. She left the parking lot and he followed closely behind her. He followed her to an apartment complex a few blocks away from their office building.

She parked her vehicle and waited for him to get out of his car. She led him into one of the apartments and closed the door behind him. Once inside, they wasted no time. She lifted her skirt and pulled her thong down to her ankles as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his erect penis. He immediately began slowly stroking his erection while she watched and massaged her clitoris. She bent over to suck the tip of his cock into her mouth. The wetness from her pussy slid down her inner thighs as she anticipated his cock sliding in and out of her aching hole.

She stopped sucking his dick and turned around to lean over the dining room table so he could enter her. She spread her pussy lips with her hands and he guided his cock into her glistening, wet hole. He revelled in her wet tightness, slowly stroking in and out, burying his shaft until she could feel his balls against her clit and pulling out until only the tip of his cock was encircled by her tight hole. He stroked in...out...in...out...sliding easily because of the pussy juice that now coated his hard dick. She moaned as he fucked her and her pussy squelched with each thrust in and out.

His breath caught in his throat when he felt her pussy tighten around his cock. Her legs trembled slightly with her orgasm. "I want you to nut off in me," she told him. "Nut off in my cunt!" Her words made his cock swell larger, and he began to thrust faster. His breathing became shallower as he felt his cum sluicing up from his balls. He was going to cum in her, something he had imagined doing many times but never had the opportunity to do until now. He let his head fall back as he continued to stroke in and out of her pussy. Suddenly she felt the first jet of his cum shoot into her pussy. The second and third shots welled inside of her cunt and began to leak out as he continued to thrust and spurt his load into her. When she sucked him off in his cubicle the first time, they were both surprised by his large load, but they expected it now...She gladly anticipated his large cum! With each thrust he shot his warm semen into her pussy.

He slid his cock out of her hole and stroked himself a few more times, emptying his balls onto her back. She immediately turned around to kneel in front of him and lick the cum from his dick and balls. His cum dripped out of her pussy and down her legs, onto the floor.

This lunch date, though, did not end there....