 She never thought it could be like this. Cindy Sears leaned back in the spa and exhaled, her breath making a light cloud in the cool night air. It had all started innocent enough. The Myers had left Cindy in charge of their Malibu estate while they were away in Europe. Cindy had known the Myers since her father had done some landscaping for them years ago. She took up house sitting during the summers while she was off from College. 

House sitting is an easy job. You water the plants, feed pets if there are any. In return Cindy got to sit on leather sofas and watch soaps on a big screen T.V. Like Music Appreciation in high school, it was a bird course. The only thing you had to put up with was servants, or groundskeepers.

The Myers had a sofa, a spa, and the television. There was only one worker who came on the grounds, Dustin, the pool man. The Myers were never gone for long… only a week at the most, so they kept Dustin employed. He was about Twenty-two, Short brown hair, and a body to die for. His Arms were tight and toned, tanned from working in the sun. 

Cindy had spent many an afternoon watching him work from the upstairs window. She would have been lying if she had said she hadn’t thought about seducing him, or that she hadn’t touched herself while watching him working down around the kidney shaped pool. Her hand would slide down into her shorts, her fingers sliding down the lips of her pussy, then back up, settling lightly on her clit. 

Then, yesterday, she caught him watching her through the window of the kitchen as she loaded her week’s worth of dishes in the washer. She wasn’t expecting him, running around the house in her underwear and night shirt. It was one of her guilty pleasures, and now Dustin was evidently enjoying on of his. 

His eyes were half closed, his shoulders jerking slightly. His eyes flew wide as she turned; his head disappeared from the window as he ran. It took Cindy a moment to realize he had been jerking off while watching her. She smiled as she leaned against the counter, suddenly wet with excitement, Goosebumps running down her arms. She let her hand slid down under her underwear to slide along her moist lips. Before she could change her mind she ran to the door and caught Dustin as he was climbing into his truck.

“Wait!”

He paused one foot still on the pavement. Cindy wasn’t sure if it was her request, or seeing her stand there in a skimpy shirt and panties. Maybe it was her nipples poking through the fabric atop her C cup breasts. 

Cindy licked her lips and paused a moment longer, standing at the edge of a cliff. She jumped.

“I wouldn’t want to let you leave without finishing the job.”

Dustin’s mouth worked for a moment. He stepped down from his truck. Cindy could see his zipper was still down.

“The job?” he asked.

Cindy motioned with her chin and looked pointedly at his crouch. She licked her lips again.

“Why don’t you come inside?” she asked, “I could finished it for you.”

Cindy’s heart was pounding as Dustin slowly closed the door on his truck. She couldn’t believe it was happening like this. She slid one hand from her hip down to her ass. She could feel her chest begin to flush.

“Look Cindy,” He said, “I didn’t mean to…”

Cindy took a step out the door and wrapped her arms around Dustin’s neck. She stopped him with a kiss.

“I have been dying for you to. Come inside.”

“I don’t know if I should, I have an app…” he said

“I want to suck your cock.”

She led him by the hand into the house, closing and locking the door behind her. Leading him to the kitchen, she asked him to stand directly in front of the window he had been watching her through. Cindy then walks slowly over to the washer, which still had its door down. She bent over and then looked over her shoulder.

“Now… let’s get back to where you were.” she said.

Cindy smiled as she could see the tip of Dustin’s dick pushing past the top of the elastic of his BVDs. He was standing there, still a shocked look on his face.

“Maybe I can help you.” she said, parting her legs a bit wider. 

She leaned one arm on the countertop, and reached down between her legs. Her panties were soaked where she touched. She began to rub lightly, a moan escaping her lips.

Looking back over her shoulder again, Dustin had finally caught on, his hand gliding over a very tasty cock. 

“Tell me what you were thinking about.” Cindy said, closing her eyes and looking forward again. She began to rub harder.

His voice was low, deep, and almost a whisper.

“I was watching your fine ass. I was thinking about bending you over the counter.”

“Mmmm, yes.” Cindy said, pushing the panties aside with her fingers, sliding them over her slick clit and into her pussy. She began rubbing her finger in circles over her clit, feeling it raise and swelling, pushing the hood back.

“I ... was fucking you… so hard”

His voice was coming in spurts, and Cindy could hear his hand slapping against his balls as he jerked himself off. She pushed her panties farther to the side and rubbed her pussy harder. Her heart was pounding in her ears. Her fingers dove into her pussy for a moment, then slid back out to her clit. She rubbed hard and fast. 

Suddenly she felt hands on her hips, and the thick head of Dustin’s dick touched her fingers as it slid between her pussy lips. Her hand flew from her crotch to the counter, stabilizing her so she didn’t tip over as Dustin worked his cock into her tight pussy. He took his time, pushing in, pulling out, working it in more and more. Cindy felt his balls swing and rub against her.

Cindy looked over her shoulder, locking her blue eyes on to his brown, and the words she had moaned upstairs in fantasy came bursting from her mouth.

“Fuck me as hard as you can.”

Dustin moaned a response, and began to ram her pussy as hard as he could. His balls slapped against her, and Cindy gasped.

“Oh God, oh god. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me!”

He pushed her hard up against the counter. Cindy leaned over the sink, her breast slapping lightly against the cold metal. He fucked her. He fucked harder and longer than she had been fucked in a long time. He thrust over and over, his breath hard, panting.

Cindy began to roll her eyes back. Her left hand gripped the faucet hard. Heaven began to wash over her. Her whole body began to tingle and her clit seemed to explode. She screamed.

“Oh my god! Oh my god!! Oh Shit!”

Dustin reached down, grabbing Cindy’s thighs and lifting her up, almost launching her onto the counter. 

“Holy Shit!” He yelled, his dick jerking, launching into her. 

Cindy collapses as she came, letting Dustin support her as he shook. His cum was warm and as he pulled out she could feel it dripping out of her.

The had spent the rest of the afternoon in the pool skinny dipping and fucking repeatedly on the private deck, then once more on the sofa. Now, Dustin was sliding back into the spa with two glasses of Champagne.

“Guess what?” He asked

“What?” Cindy asked as she took a glass. She ran a hand over his dick and smiled as she watched it jump to life.

“The Myers left a message on the machine. They’re going to be gone another week.”

“Great!” She said smiling.

“And I canceled my jobs for tomorrow.” He said.

“Good.” Cindy said, running her tongue over the tip of his hardening dick, “You’re going to need the rest.”