 It was un unusually warm spring day. The office was empty. Everyone else had gone to lunch except me. . .and him. I stood at the window in the lobby, watching him. He was laying on the grass out front, catching some rays.

I was feeling incredily horny that and, God knew I was attracted to this man! 

'Damn,' I thought to myself. 'I would love to go out there, rip our clothes off and ride his hard dick until my ass gets sunburned!' Then I had to laugh at myself.

I sat back down at my desk and tried to focus on my work. A few minutes later, he came in and sat down at the workstation next to mine. He got online and surfed for a while. We chatted a bit. Eventually, we turned away from the computers and focused on each other. We talked; not really a conversation, more of a flirtatious verbal sparring match. Obviously, he was feeling as horny as I was that day.

I remember asking him if his dick was hard. He made a move toward his zipper as if he was about to show me. I looking him in the eye, raised my eyebrows, then glanced down at his crotch as if to say, 'Go ahead.' He did. He unzipped his pants and pulled his dick out right there at the desk! Lord, what a magnificent hard-on he had! I stared at it lustfully. After a moment he put it back in his pants and zipped them up.

I followed him down the hall to the little kitchen. He poured himself a cup of coffee. I said something suggestive, I don't recall what. He put his cup down and pulled his dick out again. This time, I reached out and grasped it, giving it a little squeeze. It felt so good in my hand! He closed his eyes briefly, a look of pleasure on his face. Then he got spooked by a sound somewhere in the office and he put his dick back in his pants and zipped up again.

We stepped across the hall to the smaller of the two conference rooms. Again, he pulled out his hard dick. This time, he began to stroke it. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes, a look of pure ecstasy on his face. It was so incredibly sexy! I'm not sure what turned me on more - watching his hand stroking that beautiful erection or the expression of raw sexual pleasure on his face! Whatever the case, I was incredibly turned on. My pussy was drenched! I was mesmerized. I couldn't take my eyes off of him as he continued to masturbate. I wanted to suck his dick so bad!

"Lock the door." he whispered hoarsely.

"The lock doesn't work." I said.

He went across the hall to the larger conference room. I stood just outside the door, watching him. I was vaguely aware that I was licking my lips as I stood there with my eyes glued to his hard cock. I knew we shouldn't be doing this at work, but I wanted him so much!

"I have to. . ." I began to speak, but almost immediately lost my train of thought.

In a heartbeat, I stepped through the door, locked it and was across the room, on my knees before him.I put my hands on his hips and immediately took the full length of that magnificent cock into my mouth, sucking him hungily, greedily. His hard meat felt so good on my tongue! I could taste a bit of pre-cum and I knew it wouldn't be long before he shot his load down my throat.

Then, out of nowhere, he said, "We have to stop. . ."

'No!' I thought. I moaned and sucked him into my mouth deeply, hoping to dissuade him from making me stop.

He stepped back, pulling his cock from my lips.

"We have to stop." he said again.

I reached out and grasped the base of his cock firmly. I looked up at him. Our eyes locked.

"Please, Paul," I pleaded. "please don't make me stop!"

The expression on his face told me that he was standing on the fence of indecision, teetering between 'stop' and 'don't stop.'

I leaned closer to him and stuck out my tongue, looking into his eyes as I licked around and around the head of his throbbing cock.

"Please let me suck your dick." I pleaded.

Searching his eyes, I could see him losing his balance, falling to the 'don't stop' side of the mental fence. He nodded his head, almost imperceptibly; such a slight movement that I almost thought I imagined it. But the lust in his eyes and the throbbing of his cock told me that he wanted me to suck him - he wanted it bad!

I wrapped my arms around his hips and pulled him against me, closing my eyes as I took all of him into my mouth again. I slid my lips up and down his engorged member. I tasted more pre-cum. He began to moan aloud as I squeezed his ass and sucked him as hard as I could.

'Cum for me!' I thought. 'Cum in my mouth!'

He put his hands on the back of my head and groaned louder.

"I'm cumming. . ." he whispered hoarsely. And I felt his hot cum hit the back of my throat.

I moaned with pleasure and kept sucking him, swallowing every drop. God, it tasted amazing!

When he was spent, I released my grip on his ass and and let him withdraw his dick from my mouth. He dropped into a chair behind him. His orgasm had left his face flushed and his knees wobbly. He put his dick back in his pants and zipped them up on last time.

I knelt in front of his chair, between his legs. I smiled at him, then leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. I wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him. He hesitated. Then I felt his arms encircle my waist and he squeezed me tightly against him.

"They're gonna be back from lunch soon." he said.

"I know." I replied. And with that, we left the conference room, each returning to our own desks, and went on with our workday.