 Note: This is a continuation of the story "Lust." I recommend reading that story to better enjoy this. Any comments would be appreciated.

*

I woke up feeling the warmth of Sarah sleeping next to me and thought about the wild and lusty hours we enjoyed. Was this a fantasy come true—meeting a sexy beautiful woman in an empty bar in the middle of nowhere—two strangers seducing each other and ending up fucking each others' brains out in a seedy motel? But here I was listening to her quiet breathing next to me. I glanced at her sleeping on her stomach, a thin sheet covering us. 

It was four am according to the red numbers on the small digital clock radio on top of the TV. I got up quietly to go the bathroom to pee, washed my hands and glanced at myself in the florescent lighted mirror, looking into my eyes, wondering where this surprising meeting would end. Would we go our separate ways in the morning and that would be it? Was it destiny that we met, like Sarah thought, or just random luck, a haphazard coincidence with no meaning? Would our passion lead us where we never imagined or anticipated and I wondered do we control our lives or does life control us?

I shook my head at my unanswerable questions, ran my fingers through my shaggy, long grey hair then over my beard. All I knew was the present and the past. The future--where I was heading, with or without Sarah, was a big unknown. 

As I walked back to the bed, I looked at Sarah asleep on her stomach, noticing how luscious her round ass looked under the sheet, how her legs were spread apart, causing the sheet to fall between her legs. Suddenly, I had the urge to lay on top of her with my cock on her ass, the thin sheet between us. I wanted to wake her slowly from her sleep, uncertain how she would respond, but I had a feeling she would love nice slow wake up sex and then fall back to sleep. 

I got on the bed between her legs, spread just enough for me to crawl through and lay down on her back, my cock pressed against the crack of her ass through the sheet. I felt her stir slightly as I lay on top of her as still as possible but soon moved her dark hair aside and kissed her neck and shoulder, feeling her twitch. I kissed her other shoulder then licked her neck, moving my tongue to her ear, slowly licking her ear lobe.

She squirmed and I pressed my cock harder against her ass, the barrier of the sheet tantalizing me and I hoped would soon be tantalizing her. I continued licking her ear very slowly, holding her hair aside, then whispered in her ear, "I want to fuck you." 

She murmured a soft mmmmmmm and squirmed, causing my cock to get harder and press a little deeper into the crack of her ass. I kissed and licked her neck gently causing her to murmur and squirm more. I loved how her ass felt on my cock through the sheet as we both moved slowly, her soft murmuring and slow squirming getting a little faster as I pressed my cock harder, grinding it into her ass, loving how aroused we were both getting. 

I then reached up and pulled the sheet off of her shoulder, lifting myself so that the sheet was just below her ass. I pressed my cock deeper into her crack. Her murmuring and moaning got louder as she squirmed under me, my chest on her warm back. I quickly grabbed a pillow and placed it under her stomach and then grabbed hers and did the same, elevating her. She kept her eyes closed but welcomed the pillows by slowly lifting herself. 

Sarah didn't say a word but her guttural moaning got louder when I moved her legs farther apart with my knee, grinding my cock deeper into her ass crack causing her to squirm and moan even more. I then grasped my cock in my hand and started to slowly move the tip up and down her wet pussy lips. She squirmed harder, moaning louder as I moved my cock from her clit to the edge of her pussy, slowly entering her each time I moved.

The tip if my cock just inside her wet pussy lips felt so intense, it was all I could do not to just take her, but I wanted the sensation of our fucking to last for a long, excruciating time. With each slow moving of my cock up and down her wet pussy, I entered deeper, slowly pulling out then entering with a slow short thrust, each time opening her pussy more to me. Sarah responded by moving her ass slowly, my cock going deeper with each squirm and thrust. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm, this is so good, so good," she murmured, softly. 

"I love your pussy," I whispered in her ear as I slowly moved deeper, each slow push opening up her tight pussy until I filled her, loving how she was gripping my cock. I was now all the way in and lay still, my cock deep in her pussy. The sensation of her soft, warm wetness was so intense.

"Oh baby you feel so big in me," she said softly as she squirmed slowly, her pussy clutching my cock.

I lay still, enjoying the tight, wet warmth. We lay like that for several minutes, moaning softly, savoring the intense sensation. I then started to slowly move in a small circular motion and Sarah responded by moving slowly with me. 

"Mmmmmmmmm oh baby, this so good. You feel so good," she whispered. 

"I love this," I whispered in her ear. The small, slow, swirling motion of my cock deep in her tight pussy was intense. 

"I've never been fucked like this," she moaned. "I don't want it to ever end."

After several minutes of that slow moving deep in her pussy, I started to swirl a little faster, our screwing movements growing more intense as our need to cum kept building. 

"Oh fuck, I can't stand this. Oh baby, fuck me, fuck me harder. Harder! I have to cum. Please! Make me cum!"

I was determined to go slowly and let the need to explode build slowly. I kept my cock moving in the small screwing motion. 

Sarah lifted herself off the pillows, moving her ass in a faster, swirling motion, but I increased my weight on her holding her down, trying to keep her still. Sarah started to buck against me harder and faster and I could feel how hot and desperate she was getting. 

"Ohhhhhh please, please, fuck me harder," she said, turning to face me. "Please. Please, I can't stand this."

She was bucking against me harder, trying to get me to fuck her harder, but I kept my cock deep in her pussy. Her pushing against me and begging me made it impossible not to respond to her need to cum. I was feeling the urge to cum too and so I slowly pulled out and thrust my cock slowly back in, doing everything I could to slowly increase our need to cum. After a few slow but harder thrusts, I pulled all the way out and rammed my cock deep and hard into her pussy, causing her to gasp. 

"Oh yes fuck me! fuck me! Give it to me!"

Her screaming for my cock drove me over the edge. I lost all control and rammed my cock into her, pulled out and thrust into her pussy as hard as I could, driving her body into the pillows. She was still arched over the pillows as my cock went in and out, harder and faster, both of us on the verge of exploding. Suddenly, I felt her body shudder. "OHHHHHHHHHFUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMING" she screamed as a huge orgasm swept over her. I kept thrusting, knowing I was on the verge of exploding with her. 

"DON'T STOP! DON'T STOP!" she screamed as I thrust harder and faster, pounding her pussy with all my strength and suddenly my cock swelled with cum, just as she yelled, "OHHHHHH MY GOD I'M CUMMMMMMMMIN AGAIN!" and another violent orgasm swept over her. At the same time, my cock erupted like a volcano and my cum burst forth like hot lava, filling her pussy and spilling out on to the pillow beneath her. I could not believe how intense my orgasm was as spurt after spurt gushed into her dripping pussy. 

I collapsed on her. She was still arched over the pillow, both of us gasping and panting as we came back to earth. Neither of us spoke as we lay there recovering from our slow quiet pleasuring that built to a wild passionate crescendo of screams and orgasms. 

"Hope you don't mind a little wake up call," I whispered in her hear as I lay on her. 

"You can wake me up like that anytime," she said, turning her face to me. 

I rolled off of her and kissed the back of her neck and shoulders. "Let's get a little more sleep then get some breakfast at the diner down the road.

"Good idea. I love diner food," she said. She kissed me then turned and within minutes we were both a sleep. 

I woke to the sound of the shower and saw that the place next to me was empty. I got up and went into the bathroom. Sarah heard me and moved the curtain aside. "Come on in the water's great," she said.

I got in and took the soapy wash cloth from her. I turned her facing away from me and began washing her back and shoulders, then moved down to her ass and between her legs, washing the inside of her thighs. I moved my hand under her spread legs and placed the wash cloth on her pussy then dropped the wash cloth and replaced it with my middle finger, pulling her ass against me cock. My other hand grabbed one of her tits and began playing with it under the cascading water. I kissed her shoulder as we stood there in the steamy shower, my finger moving deep in her pussy.

She wiggled against me and I started grinding my cock into the crack of her ass. I placed another finger in her pussy, moving it in and out and she leaned back against my chest, arching slightly and pushing her self harder against my fingers. . My other hand grasped her tit and begin pinching and twisting her nipple. 

Sarah then bent forward, placing her hands on the tiled wall. She spread her legs wider apart and turned to face me. We didn't have to speak-- her lust filled eyes told me what she wanted. I took my fingers from her pussy, grabbed her hips and thrust my cock into her wide open pussy as she bent over, pushing her self on to my cock. Her screaming echoed in the shower as I rammed my cock into her dripping pussy, the water pouring down on both of us. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh baby! Fuck me! Fuck me hard. I love it," she yelled. Her wet hair hung down over her the front of her face as she lowered her head. With her hands flat against the wall, her strong arms pushing her body on to my cock as hard as she could, I knew I wouldn't last long and felt my cum boiling in my balls ready to explode. 

Suddenly, Sarah screamed, "I'm cummmmmmmmmmmming, "Ohhhhhhhhh shit I'm cummmmmmming! Keep fucking me! Oh baby, don't stop! Oh fuck I love how you fuck me! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh fuck here it comes!" I felt her whole body tremble and quiver as an orgasm swept over her. I continued to ram my cock into her dripping pussy and felt my cock swell as she pushed herself against my swollen cock and that was it—my whole body shook as a huge thrilling orgasm rolled through me and my cock exploded, gushing my cum into her pussy. Both of us were screaming at the top of our lungs, I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING!" 

I was bent over her back as the water poured down on us. I then lifted her up and turned her to face me and we kissed each other madly, our tongues devouring each others' tongues as we held each other tightly. 

I pulled my mouth away. We looked into each others eyes, through our wet hair. "Whew," I sighed. "That was so wild," I managed to say. 

I turned the water off and reached outside for a towel, and handing her a towel and got one for myself and we dried each others bodies. She then dashed for the bed and fell down on her back and I followed and lay down on top of her. We kissed again. I then looked down at her, our eyes meeting.

"I think I worked up an appetite for a good breakfast. How about you?" I asked. 

"I'm famished," she said. "Let's get going." 

She pushed me off and hopped up, grabbed her jeans and squirmed into them. She then went to her back pack and pulled out a black turtle neck sweater. She slipped on her sandals, ran a brush through her wet hair. I put on my jeans and a fresh t-shirt from my bag and just like that we were out the door. 

I loved her spontaneity and within five minutes we were walking into Duffy's Diner. It was early morning and a few customers were at the counter, hovering over coffee, but all the booths were empty. As we walked to a table, a plump waitress with bright red lipstick called to us --"Sit anywhere, folks and I'll bring you some coffee."

We took our seats at a booth towards the rear and just as we sat down she brought us two mugs of coffee and handed us menus. 

"I know what I want," I said. "Make it two eggs up, rye toast and home fries."

"How 'bout you, miss," the waitress asked as she wrote down my order.

"Same," Sarah said, "except make mine over easy." 

When the waitress walked away, Sarah said, "I love diner food." 

We picked up our coffee mugs and clicked them, smiling at each other. "To luck," Sarah said, looking into my eyes.. 

"To luck," I repeated and took a sip of the hot coffee and let out a big "ahhhhhhh." 

Sarah took a sip of her coffee and also said, "Ahhhhhhhh" and we both laughed. "I love coffee," she said, taking another sip, then put her mug down and looked at me. "So Thom, what's your story? Who are you? I know you love to fuck but I want to know you." 

I laughed at her directness. "Yeah, we didn't do much talking last night, did we?" "True, but I can tell a lot about a man by how he fucks," she said. "And I already know a lot about you from that. But like I said, I'm insatiable, I want more of you—a lot more so tell me your story." 

"I'll tell you mine, if you tell me yours," I said. 

"Okay, that's fair," she said, taking another sip of her coffee. 

"I'm a writer....novels, poetry. I was divorced two years ago, pretty friendly. We decided not to be in each other's movie anymore. I live in a cabin in Maine, off the grid, a simple, quiet life. I used to teach but am retired now and doing what I've always wanted to do, just write everyday."

"Wow! Off the grid. Cool! Sarah nodded. "It's good that you can write everyday." 

"I'm actually pretty shy," I continued, "so what happened with us last night was pretty different for me. Nothing like this has ever happened to me. It just seemed that when you walked in, something took over and I immediately knew I wanted you." 

"Me, too. I'm actually very shy, too, believe it or not," Sarah said. "But when I saw you, it was more than lust at first sight," she added and laughed. "I've never hit on a guy like that but I really wanted something to happen when I saw you. I can't explain it. It was very unlike me."

"Maybe it was just being in a bar in the middle of nowhere and we were strangers and we just let go of our inhibitions. There's something exciting about anonymous sex—no strings, just lust," I said. 

Just then the waitress came and put our breakfast down. We stopped talking so she wouldn't hear what we were saying. We nodded thanks and continued talking as soon as she walked away.

"Yes, I know what you mean about anonymous sex, but I've had that—one night stands, but meeting you in the bar last night was different."

Different?" I asked. 

"Yes, I was immediately attracted to you. I can't explain it. After I broke up with this guy last year, I just went into hibernation. For over a year, I wouldn't let anything like this happen, though I have had the opportunity with guys flirting and buying me a drink." She took a deep swallow of her coffee and put her cup down on the table and looked into my eyes. 

"What was different?" I asked. 

"It was intuition. When our eyes met and I felt a smile come over me, I knew I wanted you. I hadn't felt that urge for a man in over a year so I just followed my intuition."

"Are you sure you weren't just horny—I mean after over a year of not fucking."

"Positive. I wasn't horny when I walked in but when I saw you, I got really turned on, but, like I said, it was more than lust."

"You were dressed pretty provocatively" I said, "Like you wanted action. Those tight jeans and tank top didn't leave much to the imagination."

"I like being sexy," Sarah said. "I love my body and I love my mind and I like being in control." 

"Are you a tease?" I asked.

"Maybe, I guess so. Yes, I like turning guys on. But lately, like I said. I've been in a kind of hibernation. Still, I like when guys look at me but I never let anything happen." 

"That's pretty dangerous isn't it—turning guys on--teasing?" I asked. 

"Yes and that's exciting to me. The danger," she said. "But like I said, I am always in control. No one fucks me unless I want it."

"You're pretty complicated," I said.

"Yes and you like that don't you," she said. "I could tell you liked when I said I was insatiable and you said you were going to make me beg me to stop—you liked the challenge and that's when I was sure you were someone I could be interested in---the first guy in a long time." She paused and looked me in the eye. "You weren't afraid of me and you knew you could control me-- that excited me very much. Most men are afraid of me."

"Why did that excite you?" I asked. 

"Because you made me your slut," she said. "I'm not a slut but no one has ever reached that secret place in me, a place I keep hidden and you got me so out of my mind with lust, I wanted you to fuck me into oblivion. I wanted to give my whole body to you. I wanted to lose control with you. I felt how generous and powerful you are. You gave me what I needed, something no one else has."

"So, what's your story, Sarah?" I asked, taking a bite of my toast. "I'm curious how you came to be so complicated." 

"I grew up in a very conservative family in New Jersey, you know, church every Sunday, choir practice on Thursday nights. I was expected to be a good girl and not have sex until I was married, but I loved to sing jazz and I took modern dance and performed in high school musicals. I liked letting loose in my singing and dancing." She took a bite of her eggs and toast, a sip of coffee and looked at me. "But I lost my virginity at a party in the back of this guy's car and loved the feeling and so I dated him and we fucked a lot. My good girl days were behind me." She paused, took a sip of her coffee. 

"What do you mean, your good girl days were behind you?" I asked then took a bite of my eggs.

"I realized that I didn't like being a good girl and living other people's expectations. I loved sex and pleasure and left home to go to college—actually I went to art school and though I still loved to dance and sing, painting and pottery became my passion. I'm an artist and have a studio in Soho." 

"Great," I said. "So you followed your passion, too, like me."

"I loved the freedom of being on my own in New York. I met some cool guys but you know, I found that the guys I fucked, we're disappointments after awhile--selfish and egotistical. I wanted more than they could give me, more than just fucking." 

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I wanted a man who really knew me and cared about me and didn't just want to get their rocks off," she said. "I mean I love fucking, you know that already, but none of them satisfied me in a way I need, so I about a year ago after I broke up with this guy, I decided I wasn't going to have sex until I met a guy who I thought was right for me. I didn't want to waste my time and so I threw myself into my painting and I haven't fucked anyone in over a year until last night."

"Really, I'm flattered," I said.

"I stopped looking for the right guy. I stopped going to bars, to parties, to places just to meet guys and said the right guy is going to come along when I least expect it—no more prowling, no more games."

"That's really interesting," I said, taking the last bite of my eggs. "After my divorce, I decided the same thing. I wasn't going to look for anyone. I thought I would meet someone when I didn't expect it. It would just happen. I went to some parties and even looked on line, but I remembered reading that Indians when then went hunting, sat in one place and waited for the deer or whatever to come to them rather than to go off looking for prey. So that became my philosophy. I just wrote everyday, worked in my garden, read and believed one day the right woman would walk into my life."
