 Okay, so I got a message from someone telling me that I needed to write something that really turned me on. I'm hoping that it has made my writing better and please let me know what you think, thanks all x x 



I slammed the glass down on to the table after having yet another shot. My mouth was burning and my eyes watering and I had just about had enough tonight. Normally I was the quiet girl, the one who wouldn't drink anything so she could take all her friends home. Not tonight. My friends had already left, leaving me on my own but I didn't care. I was drinking away my sorrows tonight and I would do that whether my friends were here or not. I was just about to order more alcohol when someone put a hand on my shoulder. I spun round to look at the tall man stood behind me. He was grinning in a seductive way, showing off his white teeth. His eyes were sparkling and I couldn't stop staring. I noticed his mouth was moving but I my mind wasn't registering what he was saying. 

"Sorry, what?" I asked, slurring my words. He chuckled sexily. 

"I said: I think you've had enough" he whispered as he smiled at me. I didn't have a witty reply so he just walked back over to where he had been sitting before.

I glanced around the room to see that there were very few people here and the few people that were here were otherwise occupied. I turned back to the handsome man and he winked. I bit my lip and I let my eyes wander. He had a tight top on which showed off his muscular body. His jeans were also tight but not so much so that you could see everything. His hand was gently resting on his crotch and I wondered if that was just a coincidence or whether he meant to put it there. I looked back up at his face and wondered how old he was. Me being only 18, I didn't want someone too old but he only looked around 25 at the most. Which suited me well, I liked experience. I blushed when I saw his eyes looking over my body and I felt naked under his gaze. I shivered lightly and turned back to the bar. 

I was just tracing the pattern of the wood with my finger when I decided I wanted to have to some fun. Fortunately, I was wearing the clothes for it. I had on a tight vest top which showed off my cleavage of my 36C breasts nicely. I had on a short skirt that made its way half way down my thigh and underneath a very skimpy thong. 

I twisted my body round so I was facing him completely and saw he was still looking at me. I took in a deep breath and slowly, and what I hoped was seductively opened my legs. I saw his eyes move down and a hot grin spread slowly across his face. I saw his hand that had been resting on his crotch move a little and I felt my cheeks blush. I couldn't believe I was doing this, and I also couldn't believe how much it was turning me on. I felt my pussy slowly getting wetter and I longed to touch it. I slowly started to move my hips against the chair to give me little spasms of pleasure. I looked over to the man to see him chuckle and get up. He walked over to the bar and called the bartender over. 

"Have you got a spare room we could use tonight?" he asked, in a low voice. I bit my lip in anticipation. The bartender flicked through a couple of books before giving a nod. He left the keys on the table and walked off. I looked over to the man and wanted to fling myself at him, right there and then, even though I knew I couldn't.

"I'm Peter, by the way" he said, with a sexy smile.

"Kate" I said. I stood up and followed him up the stairs. My heart was beating fast. Normally I would never go off with a stranger but he had instantly seemed like someone I could trust. He slid the keys into the door and it swung open. We both made our way in quickly and I kicked the door shut. He walked over to the window and shut the blinds. He then turned round , leant against the window sill casually and looked at me. We stared at each other for what seemed like forever but I couldn't take it much longer. My pussy was screaming out. I rushed across the room and smacked my lips to his. He instantly responded, his tongue gliding across my lower lip, asking for access. I granted it to him without hesitation. We kissed passionately for a while but then he gently pulled away. I looked up at me. 

"Something tells me you need this badly" he said in what could only be described as a growl. 

"You have no idea" I whispered back. He chuckled. 

"Close your eyes" he said and I did as I was told. I felt a piece of material being pulled over my eyes and I grinned knowing that whatever was going to come would be good. He lifted me up gently and placed me in the centre of the double bed. I then felt something coil around my wrists. It took me a while to realise what it was, but when I did I almost laughed in delight. He had tied my hands to the top of the head board, and my legs he had spread open and tied each ankle to the bed posts. I also realised I had no longer got any clothes on, and wondered when he had taken them off for me. I could hear him taking his clothes off and I waited impatiently. The cool air was rippling over my skin, and causing my nipples to stand on end. My pussy was getting wetter with anticipation and I could feel some of my juice run down my leg and onto the bed. I felt the bed dip slightly as he climbed on. He lifted one leg over me gently so his knees were either side of my hips. I could feel his cock resting heavily on my stomach and instinctively bucked up. He chuckled that sexy chuckle and I felt his lips gently sucking and biting the base of my neck. He made his way slowly down until his mouth was securely over my left breast. I let out a low groan as he nibbled slightly. My other breast was being massaged by one of his strong hands. I liked my lips, eager for more. I heard his deep breathing as he moved his mouth to suck on my other nipple. I shivered lightly as I felt his cock getting harder against my stomach. I lifted my hips slightly and started to rub my stomach against it. Peter let out a low groan of pleasure but he pulled away. I sighed in frustration. Why was he torturing me like this. I heard him chuckle and then I felt him gently lift the blindfold. I blinked a couple of times to get used to my surroundings. The room was lit in a red lighting, very seductive. Peter was no longer on the bed, he was stood next to me. 

"God" I whispered, in awe of him. His body was glistening, his skin slightly tanned. All of him was very muscular and his cock was huge. I curved ever so slightly, and there was the tasty liquid at the tip. 

"Let me suck you" I said, begging him. He smiled wickedly. He climbed back on to the bed, on his hands and knees but this time his cock hovered over my mouth. I kissed the tip and I felt his body shiver. I licked up the side until I reached the base. I then took his balls in my mouth, swirling them round with my tongue. 

"Ohh..." he grunted. I trailed my tongue back up to the tip. I then put my mouth over her. I flicked my tongue over the tip and I could see his arms shaking, trying to control himself. I moved my mouth all they way down to the bottom, I almost gagged but I kept myself under control. I sucked on it hard and then I moved my mouth back up. I started to get faster and faster and his moans of pleasure got louder. I was happy he was a loud lover, I enjoyed hearing the effect I had on people. It wasn't long before he started to move his hips in sync with my mouth. 

"I'm gunna cum baby" he said in barely more than a whispered. I moaned at the thought, sending vibrations through his cock. It pushed him over the edge. He pushed himself further into my mouth. 

"Ohhh... Fuck baby.... Yess" I heard his groan, loudly as he squirted his load into my mouth. There was a lot and some leaked out. I let my tongue dart out and lick it up. Peter's dick moved out of my mouth but he didn't move. His head was down, his eyes closed. His chest was heaving as he caught his self. He slid off the bed again.

"That was amazing, babe" he said, smiling. I grinned. His dick was limp but I could see it getting hard again as he gazed over my body.

"You're beautiful" he said, as he took in my milky skin, and my clean shaven pussy. I smiled at his worlds. His mouth kissed the base of my neck and started to make it's way down. He bypassed my breasts this time, leaving a hot trail of fire down my stomach until he got to my pussy. I had been so wet I knew that I had leaked a lot onto the bed but his eyes were alight. He lowered his head and started to make magic. His tongue traced my lips of my pussy. I shivered at the sensations. 

"Please" I asked in a whispered, needing this so much. He chuckled and started to lick up the wetness. I let out a yell of pleasure as he finally pushed his tongue into my tight hole. My body convulsed. He then moved the palm of one of his hands to rest it over my throbbing clit. He started to make circular motions and I could barely contain myself. I could feel it building up in me. I felt his tongue push even further in me and it pushed me over the edge. 

"Oh God" I moaned as I felt myself cum over him. He eagerly lapped it all up, and as he did all I could do was make unintelligible noises. When he brought himself back up to head level my breathing was almost back to normal. He kissed me on the mouth, and I could taste my sweet juices. I was just starting to relax when I felt the tip of his cock pushing against my wet hole. I opened my legs as much as the ropes would allow me. He pushed himself into me slowly until he could go no further. We both lay very still, looking into each other's eyes. He kissed me once more before lifting his hips and then pounding himself back into me. I screamed out and tried to pump my hips as well but the ropes restricted me. He pushed and pushed into me, sometimes moaning, sometimes kissing the base of my neck. It wasn't long before I was trembling as I felt an orgasm building. I could tell from the way his moans were getting louder that he was close too. I felt his body clench as his hot load shot into my pussy. The sensation caused my orgasm as I yelled as my pussy clenched around his dick. We stayed there looking at each other, our breaths short and laboured. I smiled up at him and kissed him deeply. That had to be the best sex I had ever had, and maybe just the start of what was to come.