 Curiosity killed the cat, but he figured it was worth it. Every day he came to the same office building. Every day he went up and down the same elevator shafts. Every day he blankly stared at the doors till they got to his floor and he got out. 

Every day that is, until today. When he got back from lunch and stepped into the elevator like he had a million times, a beautiful woman got in with him. She absentmindedly pushed the rear elevator door button instead of the front. Not only that, but she had pushed the wrong floor as well. "Oh well", he thought- "can't have beauty like that and brains." He helped her find the correct button and floor, and stepped to the back of the elevator to enjoy a nice view. 

When she got out, he followed her with his eyes till the doors closed. Then, as the elevator rose, he started zoning again- knowing he had 10 floors to go and this was a slow elevator. Halfway up it slowed to stop and he remembered the button for the wrong floor and door. It almost knocked him over, as he had been leaning on the back wall all this time. He had never seen it open before, and had to look. What he saw surprised him. 

It was a little carpeted hallway about 8-10 feet long and about 5 feet wide. This must be where the cleaning service stashes their carts, and moves them around the building. There was a door at the end of the hall he must have passed a million times on the outside of this room and never known what it was. He also saw it could be locked from this side.

Stepping back into the elevator, his mind swirled. He couldn't believe such a perfect spot existed so close and he never knew it. He imagined all floors had the same thing, and even got out the back door on his floor to be sure. Yep, it worked. Now he had to think of a way to use this knowledge. 

He got to his office and fired up his computers and logged back in. One was his work PC with strict net filters. The other was his laptop for less constrained activities on a public network from another floor. He used that one to search for an outlet to use his new knowledge. 

The first thing he did was check his 'playtime' email account to see if there were any messages. Sure enough there were a few. After weeding out the prostitutes and spammers, there were a few real responses. He figured if you reply to enough people, SOMEONES got to reply back. One was from this woman he had been talking to for a while. She was married like him, and did not have any place to go for fun. They had some incredibly sexual conversations, and even exchanged some pictures. Once she even got brave enough to use her webcam while her hubby slept. 

They had even met a few times for platonic lunch and stuff, but they never had a time or place for more. He figured this would be perfect. 

He opened her email and read what looked like an enticing letter. She described how she showered the night before, shaved her privates, put on perfume, and come out naked to her husband. His only reaction was to tell her she blocked the TV. She was so frustrated she took out her vibrator, and all he said was to keep it on low so he could hear the TV and not buzzing. She was so upset she couldn't get off. 

He knew what he wanted, but wondered if she could really do it. Getting as creative as he could, he laid out a plan and emailed it to her. He then put the laptop away and tried to work. He had such a raging hard on for the rest of the day he was happy his only appointment didn't show. 

It was almost two hours later when he felt his cell phone buzzing. He looked down and he had a Multimedia message. It took him a minute to figure it out, but it was a picture... a picture of the bank of elevators in the lobby of the building! It was her way of playing a game back with him. She had shown after all. He was throbbing now and could barely stand. When he left his office, one of his co workers stopped to talk and he could swear she knew something, or at least could see his bulging pants. Finally, just as he was about to get out of the main door he got another picture- the number "7".

He pushed for the elevator, and the wrong one came. Only one of the 3 had a rear exit. He sent it to another floor and pushed the call button again. This time the right one came and it was empty. He only had 4 short floors to go and he was nervous. As the car slowed, and then stopped, the rear doors opened, and he stepped thru. What greeted him there was almost beyond his fantasies. His friend was there, almost stark naked, sitting in the corner fingering herself. She had on just a sport coat and no bra, with a skirt and no panties. He stood there with his jaw hanging down. She motioned him over with her other hand and used it to lower his zipper. Without a word she fished around for his member. She eased it out into the open and stroked it. Then she changed hands and rubbed her pussy juice all over it, as she sat upright to be able to take it into her mouth. Slowly she made her way down the shaft- first licking, then kissing, and finally sucking. Her hand gently squeezed his balls. He wrapped her hair in his hands and used it to direct her speed and depth as she sucked him off. He moved her head faster and faster as he got closer to cumming, and he felt her suck harder in as he tensed. Finally he was buried in her mouth to the hilt when he exploded. She didn't even flinch- sucking down all his cum as fast as it came out. Eventually he let his grip on her hair go, and pulled out. Bending forward, he kissed her deeply on her lips and in her mouth- tasting the remnants from moments before. 

He then got down on his knees and embraced her- kissing down her cheek to her neck. He bit his way from her ear to her other ear, taking care not to leave marks. His hands grabbed her large natural breasts and kneaded them together- rolling the nipples between his fingers. Bending his head he suckled on each one until it looked glowing red. He then nibbled on them some more, until he could sense she wanted more. Lying down in front of her, he looked straight into her depths. He blew a gently stream of cool air all around her slick opening. She shuddered with the sensation. Moving closer, he let his stubble tickle the inside of her thighs. Finally reaching his target, he extended his tongue and took a long lick up one lip, around her clit, back down the other side, and back up to the start. She had an incredible sweetness to her juice and almost vanilla aroma. She was freshly shaven as well, and he could resist no longer. 

He dove in- moving his head side to side and flicking his tongue everywhere. He managed to free his arms and use his hands to spread her lips for more access. As fast as she could get wet he was licking it. Now he focused his attention to the small throbbing nub at the top. He nudged it with his nose just to see her jump a little. He then took the whole thing in his mouth. He sucked on it till it stood out and then flicked it hard with his tongue. He moved his tongue as fast as he could, around the side and over the top of her clit. She was gyrating fast and pressing back hard. He could tell she was going to cum soon, so he took a finger and drove it deep inside her. He probed until he found just the right angle and spot. She let out an audible gasp as he pressed on her g-spot. Between the clitoral and inner stimulation she couldn't hold out anymore and let herself cum. And cum she did- wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. She was also faintly aware that she was even more wet now than before. 

He slowly licked thru her intense orgasm. As he felt her breathing returning to normal, he inched up her body. He wanted to share her taste with her, and kissed her again. She had only tasted herself on toys or her fingers before, and was intoxicated with her own scent on such a large area. She kissed his entire face, and even licked him like a little cat for more. 

Suddenly, she was aware of a new sensation. She felt his now erect cock pressing into her. It was bobbing and looking for its home. She reached down and guided it in. She was still hot and dripping wet. He bucked in and out, thrusting deeper with each stroke. The only thing keeping them both from screaming was their mouths that were locked together and their tongues locked in a deadly duel. 

The way they were thrashing, it wasn't meant to last, and he soon felt her pussy spasming and trying to milk his cock. He couldn't resist any longer and let it erupt. He couldn't believe how strong his second orgasm was and knew she was thinking the same about hers. They rocked back and forth on each other for a few more moments before separating. He stood first, and re adjusted his pants. 

She watched him and allowed him to help her stand. She brushed her skirt down, buttoned the jacket and kissed him. Silently she slipped around to the front to grab an elevator down while he waited for one back up to his office. The floor was messy with wet spots and the whole area smelled of sex. He almost felt bad for the cleaning crew till he realized they must use it for this purpose themselves. 

Back up at his cube he began to wonder how much he could push his luck...