 Casey had a date planned. She was dressed up to the nines; her long, dark hair was clipped up in a twist at the back of her neck and she was showing off her legs in a red mini skirt ensemble with a white blouse. She clutched her bag in one hand and applied her lipstick in front of the mirror with the other before stepping out of the house and into her newly washed car. 

The drive to the restaurant took less time than she expected so she waited in her car for a few more minutes. Casey glanced once more at her reflection before teetering nervously out of her vehicle and heading over to the restaurant entrance. A man dressed in a black suit greeted her and lead her to her reserved table for two, in a secluded corner next to a window that overlooked a river. 

"Can I get you anything to drink, Madam?" The man enquired politely, holding a notepad in front of him. 

"Just a water, please." She replied and the man nodded his head and went off to get her drink. She licked her lips in anticipation of her date's arrival and greedily snatched the glass out of the waiter's hand when he returned. She took a long sip and slumped back in the chair that faced the doorway so as not to miss her expected date. 

Time seemed to pass slowly as she waited; every time the door opened she would jump and sit up straight, but then, on realising it wasn't anyone she knew, would return to her relaxed position. After three more glasses of water, Casey pulled her phone out of her clutch bag and peered at the time. 

It was twenty seven minutes past seven exactly. They had arranged to meet at seven o'clock. I'll give him a little more time, Casey thought to herself as she began to worry about where he was. Ten more minutes passed and there was still no sign of him. Suddenly, her phone began to ring and she flicked up the lid.

"Hello?" She answered.

"Hi Casey! Its Simon here. Are you up to much?" Casey's head rolled forward into her hands and she begin to wipe a few tears away from her eyes as the realisation that she had been stood up dawned on her. 

"No, nothing at all!" She snapped back. 

"Hey! What's up?" She could hear the concern in his voice but she said nothing in case her voice would give her away and she would begin to blubber down the phone to him. "Casey?" He asked again. "Casey, come to my place as soon as you can, I'll cheer you up." With that, Casey ended the call and stormed angrily out the restaurant, past the many happy couples that she hadn't noticed on her way in but that now seemed to draw her attention. 

Once she was in her car, she kicked off her heels and shoved them in the passenger foot well. She unclipped her hair and it fell in tender ringlets around her shoulders and face. Then she began to cry. Mascara dripped down her cheeks in trails but she couldn't care less. She stomped her foot on the accelerator pedal and sped her way to Simon's house. 

Simon was Casey's best friend. They had known each other for so long that she couldn't care less what he thought of the way she dressed or looked. They were such good friends that Casey didn't bother knocking and marched her way in. 

Simon was stood at one end of the hallway with a glass in each of his hands. When he saw the state she was in, he placed them down on the desk to his left and opened his arms and walked over to her. Casey pressed her arms to his chest and Simon held her to him. Both of his hands were now resting on her back, one slightly higher than the other. 

He rested his chin on the top of her head and kissed her forehead gently when she looked up. He smiled down at her, removing one hand from her back momentarily to brush away a strand of blond floppy hair from his face. 

Casey sighed and nuzzled her face into his neck. Simon breathed her scent in deeply. He had always loved Casey but had never told her. Ever since they were ten years old and they had their first camping trip together and he'd slept in the sleeping bag next to her, he'd loved her. This was when he first memorised the contours of her face, counted the freckles on her nose and entranced himself with the curve of her lips. 

Without hesitation, his right hand began to slip up the back of her top to stroke the small of her back. His hand was pressed against the waistband of her skirt and his thumb kept moving up and down against her smooth, pale skin. She froze against him and he continued to stroke her, he glanced down at her and caught her eye and abruptly pressed his lips to hers. 

At first she was a little taken aback but then it began to feel natural to her and she willingly pressed her lips to his. He nibbled hungrily at her bottom lip and let his hands slide down to her ass, which he used to push her against his body. One hand began to wind in her hair and the other remained on one ass cheek. He abruptly pulled her hair back so her face was pulled up to look at him. He smirked his dazzling half smile and gave a throaty growl as his head twisted to nibble her ear lobe and softly caress the rest of her ear with his tongue. 

He left a trail of hot kisses down her jawline and down her neck. He sunk his teeth softly into her skin and she gasped at the intense mixture of pain and pleasure. His hand left her ass and slid up the front of her body feeling her body shiver under his fingertips till he got to her chest. Why hadn't he realised she wasn't wearing a bra? His cold fingers ran gently over her hardening nipples and he squeezed and massaged the mounds of flesh softly. 

Casey felt her knees go weak and began to shake but Simon was there to look after her. He pressed her against the wall, one of her legs between his to keep her up, the pressure on her crotch heightening the experience. She felt his weight against her body and began to breathe heavily, feeling her body go warm between her legs. Casey swallowed hard as Simon's fingers left her body and hair and swapped to be either side of her head, palms against the wall. 

"Undo your blouse." He growled. Casey looked into his eyes and saw the lust that sparkled there and did as she was told. Simon on the other hand was uncontrollably turned on and was trying to look anywhere else other than her chest as it was slowly revealed, button by button. Once all the buttons were undone he commanded her to take it off. Casey was still pressed tightly between the wall and his body and so wriggled it off her shoulders the best way she could; Simon didn't slacken his control over her at any time. 

Simon took a second to take in her 36DD chest; her small, pink nipples were surrounded by the smoothest circle of skin. Hastily, he kissed her left nipple and tasted it, circling it with his tongue. Casey whimpered. He removed his hands from beside her head and ran his fingers up her sides gripping her flesh in his hands as he suckled like a child on her tits. 

His thigh began to rub up and down her crotch and she responded by rocking her hips forwards and backwards so that her pussy would grind against him. Her cries became soft mewls and he lowered his knee slowly and raised his head from her breasts. 

She groaned in disappointment and he did his signature smile at her and she ran a finger along the outline of his face. Simon moved his head and took hold of her finger between his lips and she giggled and he snarled. He took hold of her hand and was about to lead her upstairs when Casey's phone went off. 

Casey looked apologetic and took the call. Simon desperately wanted her and he couldn't understand why a phone call was more important than the passionate moment they were having just a few seconds earlier. He leaned against the wall and turned to watch her, she had grabbed her blouse and was covering her chest with it whilst pacing up and down with the phone pressed to her ear. Simon watched the way she chewed her lip with nerves as the person on the other end of the phone line became more apparent. 

"Oh, it's alright, don't worry about it!" Simon heard her say down the phone. "That's fine. Some other time then? Bye!" Casey pressed the red button on the keyboard and dropped the phone on the side table. 

"Who was it?" snarled Simon glaring at Casey. She had obviously missed the threatening tone in his voice and her bubbly tone erupted from her lips.

"That was Rob! He said he was really sorry he couldn't come tonight and that he'd had to go see his mother rather urgently in hospital. He said he was very sorry that he hadn't rung earlier and he said he'd ring back to arrange a different day!" 

Simon's glance at her was a look of frustration and she caught on. "What?" Casey enquired nervously. 

"Casey," he stopped leaning against the wall and walked up to her and took hold of her head gently, "he's telling you lies. His mother won't be in hospital." She took a step back looking physically wounded by his words.

"You're wrong! He told me he'd ring me to arrange another day, that's proof!" she retorted back at him.

"Have you got his number?"

"Um...n...no...why?" 

"Ever think he wouldn't ring you again?" 

A tear began to trickle down her cheek; she swallowed hard. Why was he being so mean to her? She'd just been stood up and all her best friend could do was rub it in her face. 

"Casey, I want you. I've wanted you since I was ten years old and nothing is going to stop me from having you tonight, tomorrow night and any other night I want you. You are perfect." Her eyes opened wide and she swallowed her emotions down. Simon had been there for her since day one and she was confused as to why she was only realising it now. He was perfect. 

Taking her by surprise and snapping her out of her love filled day dream, he swept her up into his arms and, not being able to stand the wait of taking her to his bedroom, carried her to the living room sofa where he laid her down. He removed her blouse that she still pressed comfortingly over her chest and began to bite her nipples. He sank his teeth into her fleshy chest and kneeled over her on the sofa, her legs in between his.

Simon moved her arms above her head and held them together with one hand and with the other he tugged off her skirt. She was pinned down and loving every heart pounding moment of it. He glanced at her black lace panties and tore them off in a heartbeat. He could see she was excited, her chest was rising and falling and her cheeks were flushed pink, not to mention the nervous chew of her bottom lip again. 

Simon let go of her wrists and thrust open her bent legs with both hands to gain better access to her warm pussy. Kneeling down, he kissed her clit and she squirmed in delight. It made him smile so he continued to kiss, lick, nibble and suck her clit, anything which made her respond with soft groans of pleasure. 

Simon dragged his wet tongue up and down her slit, licking up her moisture. He then delved his tongue as deep as he could inside her, wiggling it against the insides of her pussy whilst pressing his nose against her clit. She groaned loudly at his actions and he began to suckle at any part of her his lips could reach whilst his tongue remained inside her. This was too much for Casey and she came in convulsions all over his tongue. He lapped up her juices hungrily like a puppy dog and he moved back up her body. 

He slipped his tongue inside her mouth, making her taste herself and to his surprise she sucked hungrily back on his tongue. 

"You taste so sweet." He purred into her ear appreciatively. She just smiled back at him and ran her finger over his chest, which was still covered by his t-shirt. Resting on one hand, he pulled the cotton top over his head and dropped it in a heap on the floor, crushing his lips against Casey's afterwards. 

She moaned against his lips and with one hand he unbuttoned his jeans and slipped out of them. Once they were off he knelt between her legs again and pulled off his navy boxers; his cock ready for her had already sprung to life. 

Casey reckoned it was around six or seven inches and it was pretty thick. He stroked it a little and made her watch before settling himself over her body again. He lowered his body down so he was resting his weight on his forearms beside her face. As their skin touched, an electric shock went through both connecting bodies. Then Simon entered her.

He began gently at first but soon sped up. Almost immediately he was pounding into her, harder than he had ever pounded a girl before and she was moaning so loudly it continued to turn him on. He didn't want to cum too early so he covered her mouth with his hand to stop himself hearing her moans and kept hammering into her. 

Over and over again he fucked her. He imagined her body to be a toy that he could use how he liked. He moved up to his knees and held her ankles to pull her towards him. He had such power over her and she couldn't do anything. She gasped every time he thrust all the way into her. Soon he was going so fast he couldn't block out her screams and he felt her cum all over his cock. 

Casey's pussy pulsated around his shaft and he felt his sperm shoot out and coat her inside walls a sticky white. He lay on top of her for a few minutes as he tenderly kissed her neck. She lay panting below him, her breasts heaving. 

Simon pulled out of her and slipped between her and the back of the sofa. He rested on his side and pulled her naked frame against him so he was spooning her, his chest pressed against her back, her ass pressed against his cock. He hooked one leg over hers and the other below and wrapped his arms around her chest and waist. There they stayed until they both fell asleep, exhausted.