 CHAPTER 1

The house next door had recently sold, and to be honest with you, I was sorry to see the old neighbor leave. A divorced mother of three, (all grown and out of the house) 48 years old; she had a tendency to leave the shades and curtains open.

Now I'm not a "peeping Tom," but anytime a woman walks around the house in various states of undress, it draws my attention. 

MaryAnn was just my type too. She stood about 5'5," "dirty" blond hair. She told me she always skirted 250 but, even though I would never say it to her, she was probably closer to 265. 

Not that it mattered to me. She was a delicious BBW and in the long run, that was all that mattered.

She had lived in the house for almost three years and in "over-the-back-fence" chatter I had found that she was waiting on a transfer and had only purchased the home as an investment. 

Her plan was to live in it, rather than pay someone rent for the short term, until the transfer came through.

Our homes are in an old, established neighborhood and the side of my house is only eleven feet from the side of her house. Our living room and bedroom windows align perfectly.

She had only been in the house about a month when I noted that she never drew the curtains or pulled the shades.

I had worked late and had come home just after midnight. When I walked back to my bedroom I saw through my window that MaryAnn was still up. She sat upright on her bed, covers up to her waist, reading a book.

Considering that this was as natural a thing for a woman to be doing at that time of night, and the fact that she was fully clothed (as best I could tell), I was surprised to note the rapid swelling in my trousers.

I stripped down, went in and took a quick shower.

I left the bathroom light on and headed back to my room.

Though my room was still dark, the room had a dim light from the light in Mary Ann's bedroom, and a slightly brighter, backlight from my bathroom.

I walked to my dresser and set my alarm, then I jumped into bed and called it a night.

MaryAnn later told me that she couldn't see me real well in the dim light, but that my silhouette was unmistakable. In any event I started noting that Mary Ann became quite the exhibitionist after that night.

Though we both had put on some hot and heavy shows for each other over the years, we had never gotten together. I could never quite put my finger on just why that was. 

Our work schedules didn't mesh. Our social schedules weren't compatible. Or we simply didn't want to ruin the relationship we'd developed. 

Now here it was almost three years later. Mary Ann's transfer had finally come through, and she was moving out.

CHAPTER 2

It was moving day and the movers had already cleared the house. MaryAnn was finishing up what little cleaning she needed to do. I went over to say good-bye.

I walked up onto MaryAnn's front stoop and rang the doorbell. The door opened and MaryAnn beckoned me to come in.

It always surprises me to be in a house with nothing in it. It clearly defines, in my mind, the difference between a "house" and a "home".

A home has all the personality of its occupants. The furniture, bric-a-brac, wall decorations, and family pictures, all paint a very specific portrait of the people who live there.

An empty house, devoid of those symbols of personality, is a cold and faceless place.

That feeling really overwhelmed me when I looked around MaryAnn's living room.

"MaryAnn," I began. "I don't know what to say. It has been a true pleasure having you as a neighbor."

I wanted to say something about keeping in touch, but MaryAnn's transfer was taking her to Phoenix and the chances we would ever see each other again were, slim to nil.

MaryAnn gave me a huge smile that warmed my heart.

"Don," she said. "I'm not sure who had more pleasure."

Her laugh was infectious and definitely broke the tension of the moment.

I laughed heartily. "You've got a point there."

MaryAnn looked at me closely.

"Why didn't we ever get together?," she asked me with a hint of sadness swelling in her eyes.

"I've asked myself the same question, hundreds of times," I replied. "I think we had something special, and we just didn't want to make the wrong step."

MaryAnn looked at me closely.

"I can't tell you how good you've made me feel. After my divorce I felt like it was all my fault, and that I wasn't desirable to a man. You changed that."

Having seen the occasional man come to her house, I was surprised by that comment. Though only two of them had ever made it into her bedroom over the three years I knew her, I was envious of them every moment they spent with her.

The shock must have registered on my face as I said to her, "You've got to be kidding. I'd have given my eyeteeth to have fu...um..."

My face must have turned crimson as I stammered over what I was going to say. Even with all we'd shared with each other I didn't want to offend her. She was my friend.

I quickly caught myself.

"To have been with you."

MaryAnn's face color matched mine.

"You wanted to say 'fucked' me, didn't you?," she laughed. "It's okay. It makes me feel good that you wanted to fuck me. It actually makes me very wet to even think about it."

It was as if the floodgates to the dam had been opened. All the pent-up emotion and desire for her slammed into me in that moment. She was right. I didn't want to "be with her". I didn't want to "know her in the biblical sense". I didn't want to "make love".

I wanted to fuck her. No, that didn't quite describe what I was feeling. I wanted to "FUCK!!" her!!

CHAPTER 3

I stepped up to her, pulling her into my arms. I began to shower her face with kisses. Deep, strong, powerful kisses. I wanted no mistakes in our communication. I wanted my kisses to convey exactly what we were in store for.

Not that there was any doubt. MaryAnn's hands quickly undid my belt and opened my jeans. Her hands traveled as if they were laser-guided. They quickly found and wrapped around my blood-engorged pole.

"Ohhh," MaryAnn moaned into my mouth.

Her moan caused my probing tongue to vibrate and a thrill shot through me. I thought I would cum right then and there. She was everything I thought she would be and then some.

I quickly broke off our kiss and stepped back from her; partly to enable me to get my clothes off; partly to avoid cumming in her hand. I wanted far more than that.

MaryAnn proved her desire was as strong as mine. She was completely naked and standing before me before I had stepped out of my jeans. She never gave me the chance to remove my socks. She had dropped to her knees in front of me, immediately taking the length of my swollen member into her mouth.

The suction she applied to my ever-stiffening rod was absolutely incredible. Her tongue danced and traveled the length of my rod, exploring its surface with wild abandon. 

As she sucked, her hands squeezed and kneaded my butt cheeks. Her eyes were locked into mine. The heat from her body lent an exquisite aura of warmth anywhere her body contacted mine.

Her moans were guttural, almost animalistic, as she sucked my cock deeper and deeper into her throat. The sensation of her throat massaging my dickhead, as her tongue slavered the length of my cock was indescribable. I couldn't help but think momentarily about how much enjoyment I'd wasted over the last three years.

I could feel the cum welling up in my balls. My testicles tightening as she attempted to suck the creamy load out of me. But this was not what I wanted. 

If this was to be our one and only time, I wanted that load of cum to be where it belonged, as deep as I could deposit it in her magnificent pussy.

As tough as it was to restrain myself I softly, but urgently, pushed MaryAnn's head away from my cock.

My voice breaking from the passion of the moment I, in a virtual whisper, said, "Lie back. I need to fuck you. Please MaryAnn. I need to fuck you right now."

MaryAnn pulled back from me. Her eyes told me everything. She was just as anxious as I was. She wanted me in her.

She lay back on the living room carpet. Her legs were splayed wide. Her pussy hairs were matted to her skin from the freely flowing juices spewing from her, now gaping, vaginal hole.

I dropped to my knees, aiming my warhead at its intended target. 

With one quick and powerful drive I imbedded the entire length of my diamond hard cock into her hot, dripping, vaginal canal.

My dick met no resistance, and slid unimpeded, until my cockhead pounded against her cervix.

MaryAnn gasped like a fish out of water. "Oh my god, Don. It feels so good."

I couldn't have agreed with her more. Her ex-husband was a complete dolt to have walked away from this. I was a complete dolt to have waited so long. 

I didn't move. I didn't want that moment to end without savoring every second that I could. Having my cock buried in this beautiful woman, relishing the textures, the heat, the inconceivable wetness of her, was an incredible event. I wanted to catalog it for my memory.

Slowly I began to move. Pulling my cock back, enjoying the sensation of the warmth and slippery lubricants, sheathing my turgid pole. Then I would drive back in, driving my cockhead like a drillbit, searching for the ultimate depths that I could achieve.

MaryAnn was helping me with the tempo. We were in synch. Each of us wanting to dissolve into a frenzy of salacious fucking, but neither of us wanting to crest the cliff too soon.

I watched MaryAnn's eyes. I listened to her moan. I felt the needs and desires raging in her. I marveled at just how incredible a woman she was. 

The more I watched, the more I listened, the more I felt, caused my lust for her to grow exponentially.

I began to ram and grind my cock harder and faster. I wanted her to go to Phoenix and never forget her last day with me. Years from now I wanted her to still feel me pounding into her with wild abandon, filling her to overflowing with my seed.

MaryAnn was no longer looking intently into my eyes. Her head was thrashing from side-to-side. Her tongue constantly washed over her lips. Her ass bounced off of the floor matching the speed and intensity of my every stroke. Her fingernails dug into my back, latching herself to me for the ride.

I knew that I would not be able to hold much longer but I wanted her to cum first. I wanted to watch it happen as her orgasm took complete control of her. I wanted to ride her through it and then let myself go.

Alas, that was not to be. MaryAnn's well-oiled tunnel had a death grip on my cock and was not going to be denied.

I let out a rough growl and my cock literally exploded inside of her. I could feel the thick ropes of steamy jizz splattering against her cervix. My ass clenched tight as I let fly with jet after jet.

MaryAnn started gasping in my ear excitedly, over and over again.

"Oh my god you're cumming. Oh my god you're cumming. Oh my god you're cumming."

Then her tone of voice changed and her body suddenly went into spasms.

"Oh my god I'm cumming. Oh my god I'M CUMMING! OH MY GOD I'M CUMMING!!!"

Her pussy flooded my still buried pole in red-hot cum juice of her own. The muscles of her vaginal tract squeezed and kneaded my cock like a hand, urging every last droplet of my cum into her.

My cock softened only slightly and I was able to ride MaryAnn through her orgasm, relishing the sound of my balls slapping against her ass, and the sloppy, squishing sound my cock made as it continually speared into her depths.

Later as I lay there beside her on the floor, gently tracing her body with my fingertips, tenderly coaxing her into one more session of love-making, I noted the smell of our sex permeating the room. 

I thought about how much more this empty house seemed like a home.