 Rain, vacation with visiting family and a small town on the coast of Maine. I just needed someplace to get a beer and read the book I had been trying to read for days now. By myself, with no one else. I found a small bar, out of the way down a side street and sat a small table in the back. The place was pretty lively for a late Thursday afternoon. About half the seats at the bar were filled and a few couples sitting at tables scattered throughout. It was for the most part a local bar, with a few tourists who had stumbled in making up the rest of the clientele. I exhaled, as it was finally a place just to be, with my book and my beer. 

I go two pages into the book when a beer bottle slammed down on the the table, followed by a shot glass. 

"What the hell is it with men?" she asked as she dropped heavily into the seat opposite me. "I mean really, what is it? All this for nothing."

And she just stared at me. Waiting for an answer. 

"Um, are you referring to to some particular man, all men or have I done something I'm unaware of to anger you?" 

Now she stared at me again. Very beautiful eyes I was now able to notice after the initial shock had worn off. She looked like she was ready for a night out. Nothing really fancy, but I was beginning to start to sort things out. She was pretty. 

"I mean look, I dressed really nice." And she continued to stare at me, assuming, I guess, that I had the answer. 

"Well you are dressed rather nice, your pretty actually. But there are some pieces of this puzzle I believe I'm missing."

"Puzzle, there's no puzzle." She was getting angry now. "I had it all worked out, planned really special things for tonight, now, nothing. That's it, nothing." and she fired the shot back and took a long pull on her beer. 

"Ok, may I ask a few questions?"

"Yes."

"I don't know you correct?"

"No."

"Can I assume you had a date planned?"

"A date. A date!" She was getting angry again. "It wasn't JUST a date. It was going to be great. More than that. I was going to be an experience, off the charts. I was going to show him something else tonight. I mean look. Look at this. I never would have done this before I decided to put this night together. See, see what I mean..."

She had moved her left leg from out under the table so I could see her high heeled mary janes and the jet black stockings she was wearing.

"You mean the heels?"

"No." And she looked around to see if any eyes were looking our way. "This." And she slowly pulled back the hem of her black dress to reveal the tops of her white thighs above the stockings and garters. "See what I mean, I even got the ones with a little rose on top of the stockings." She said as she pointed to the embroidered rose. "I just wanted to be sexy in a way I'd never been before." 

"That is, uh, very nice. Maybe nice really isn't the word for it." And I gave her a smile hoping to calm things down a bit. "But, I'd like to ask you, and it's not that I'm not interested in our conversation, but, well, why in the world are you talking to me?"

"Look around you." She said as she pulled the hem back down on her dress. "Lobstermen and tourists. Who the hell else was I going to talk to." She said a matter of factly. "You ARE the only one reading a book in this bar, so I figured you were smart enough."

I wasn't sure what I was supposedly smart enough for, but I was flattered, so I went with it. The bartender was walking by, so I ordered another beer for her. "Well, I'm smart enough to know your probably need another one."

"Uuugh, yes. Just because his band got a last minute gig. He knew I had this big plan. Damn him. I had a room for us at the Ocean View, the big room and everything. A nice dinner in the room, I had oysters ordered. And then. Then, I mean, then...all the stuff he'd been asking for. I was doing this all for him, well and me too, but...I had done all this research. I come from a pretty closed minded family you know, home schooled, sheltered from the rest of the world. I mean I've had boyfriends before him, but it was all pretty straight forward when there was sex involved."

The conversation was taking a turn. But a pretty woman was about to tell me the history of her sex life and I couldn't see getting in the way of that. I was able now to take a bit of a breath and take her in. She was actually pretty stunning in her small town all American way. Blonde hair, clingy black dress and what looked to be a lace bra underneath that would revel itself when she moved a certain way.

"And sex wasn't always involved, especially when my folks first began to allow me to date. They would actually fall over dead if they knew I had sex now. God help me if they knew what I had planned. I was pretty shocked myself once I realized what I was willing to try." And she took a sip of the beer that had just arrived. "Thank you. You are very nice. Thanks. I should... probably..."

"It's fine, really. And you just got your beer. Stay at least until you finish that. It's not often a pretty girl sits with me and show's me the top of her stockings." And that got a bit of an embarrassed smile. "I mean I even got a, um, a, one of those...hang on I'l show you." And she reached down and opened her purse to reveal a vibrator. "That was like the first thing I got while doing my research."

"What kind of research did you do?" 

"Oh the internet. You wouldn't believe what is on there. He was asking me to do all this stuff that I had never heard of, or couldn't imagine why people would do them. So I thought I needed to find out for myself. I watched a lot of stuff, wow, did I. I really started to understand. I mean he would ask me to talk certain ways, and I just didn't know the words. I mean, I knew the word pussy, but NEVER in that way. I kept wondering why he was saying that. I was such a ditz."

Although every bone in my body told me not to ask, "Are you ok with telling me all this? It is kind of personal..."

"You know, whatever, I was going to reveal all this stuff I learned to him tonight. In some ways, I've kept it to myself so long, to make it a surprise, that I'm bursting at the seams." She was off now, it felt like she wasn't going to look back. 

"I got that thing, you know in my purse, I still have a hard time saying it, and I used it. Wow, talk about surprises. I had the biggest orgasm of my life, right there in my bedroom. With nobody else there. Man, was that an eye opener. I wanted that every time. So read everything I could find. Watched so much porn I am certainly going to hell. I realized I liked being dirty. Just plain ol' dirty. But it was hard for me to be that with him just yet. It was all just so personal you know. It was like it was mine, and I didn't want to put it out there just yet." She took a breath and another swig of the beer.

"Well, that must have been liberating in a way. Being able to let yourself go like that, even if it was just with yourself for the time being." I tried to assure her.

"It. Was. Great. And he noticed to. I started buying just really nice underwear. He loved that and I did too. Even if I was wearing running clothes, man I would wear some hot underwear, and I would feel just so wicked dirty. You should really see what I have on now. Our sex started getting better, but nothing like it was going to be tonight. Damn him. I had wine chilling, nice soft ropes for him to tie me up with, I shaved everything, really, everything" She said with a very serious look on her face. "Just incredible underwear and all this sexy, dirty stuff on mind." She said with a longing look on face. "I'll be right back, I have to go to the ladies room. Look at my ass when I walk away. Someone at least should notice. I'm wearing a thong..." She informed me as she walked away.

What the hell was this. I looked down at my book and it seemed to have lost interest in it. I grabbed my phone to text my cousin that I wouldn't make it for dinner tonight, and shut it off. I had no idea where this was going. And wherever it went, so far it was pretty great.

She came bouncing out of the bathroom and sat again at the table. 

"You know, I'm still mad as hell, but thank you very much. I realized while I was away that it was kind of rude of me just to pick you to dump all this on you. But I feel so much better. I can leave you alone if you want so you don't have to listen to my rambling." 

"No, please. I'm rather enjoying you actually. All I had was this boring book and a beer, now I have a beer and a great story about a woman's sexual awaking."

She smiled, the first real smile of our conversation. 

"Lets get a celebratory drink then. To my sexual awaking as you put it. See, I knew you were smart." and she swiveled around, "Ken, Ken, two whiskeys please, and not that crap you always serve." She turned back to me. "He is so going to hear about this, from me and the rest of the regulars here. He is done, toast and he missed out on great night." The two drinks landed on the table. "To me." And she lifted the drink up.

"And to who you will be." I added.

"Nice, I like that."

The glasses clinked and the whiskey was downed. 

"So here is what I'm thinking. I would love to continue talking to you. If you want, really, only if you want, I still have that room, with the dinner, it's already paid for and everything, and I hate to waste it. It's only five minutes away. And before you get the wrong idea, really, we can just talk. It is, I mean I do, feel really good just opening up to someone who, at least it seems, won't judge me. Would that be ok? I just want to say stuff I've been holding back saying. It would be so much better with no one else to possibly hear us. Ugh, am I being a dork?" And she looked down at the table.

"I couldn't imagine a better evening." And she looked back up at me. 

"Awesome. Great. Just one thing" She looked at me pensively. "No names. I don't know. Seems a little more wrong that way. I like it a little more wrong." 

"I think I can live with that." 

"Ok, I'm going to get up now. But when I do, I'll pull back my dress again. So you can see the tops of my stockings. And I want you to really look, ok." She winked at me and added in a whisper. "Oh, and I'm getting so fucking wet talking to you." 

She giggled and stood up like she said she would, revealing her white skin to me for a moment to gaze at. And walked toward the door. I followed her out to her car and we drove the five miles to the resort hotel that sat right on the coast. She told me about the first boy she kissed and how horrible she felt afterward. And how after all that, the feelings of guilt she had felt then, had changed into all this excitement. We reached the hotel and she pulled a bag out of the truck and walked to check in. The room was beautiful. It looked out to the ocean and they had delivered the oysters on ice as we were checking in downstairs.They were sitting on a small table, with two chairs and candles lit. I felt a bit sorry for her seeing how her evening was meant to progress. 

"I have a friend who works here. She helped set this whole thing up and wanted it to be great. I've told her some things. But not much really. She seemed too close to everything and I didn't want to take the chance she wouldn't understand. I love oysters. Lets sit down and start." She said excitedly. 

We sat down and each ate our first oyster and looked at each other and laughed a bit a the awkwardness of this all. 

"This is very weird." She said. "But I like it. I feel I can say anything right now. Fuck. Cock. Cunt. Wow, I've never said those things with anyone else around."

"Really, not even to your boyfriends during uh..."

"Sex. No. Please feel free to say anything to me tonight. Please. I would like that. I don't know what will offend me, but I can't imagine much" 

"Point taken. What would you say then to him. Or your girlfriends when you talked about it?"

"The usual stupid stuff. Down there, your thing, doing it. Not that my girlfriends talked about it much. It all seemed wrong to talk about much less do. Now I just want to say it all. It all seems silly now actually. Why couldn't I say cock when that's what I'm talking about or touch my cunt, when that's what I wanted to happen."

"Yeah, it does make things more direct. The next oyster?"

"Hmmmm yeah, but hang on wait. You like my dress right." And she stood up for me, turned around once. "I like that my nipples push against this material and you can see them. That who ever sees them knows that maybe I'm excited. I told you you would love the underwear I have on. And I want to eat these oysters while sitting at this table in just my underwear." 

And with that she turned with her back toward me and pulled the dress over her head and laid it in a heap on the floor. "I love black lace." she said looking over her shoulder. "See, a thong. You like my naked ass?" She asked while gently rubbing it her left cheek one hand, standing there in her bra, black stockings and heels.

"One of the best I've seen, tonight at least." 

"I should hope so...." and she turned. The sheer lace covering her breasts and a small lace panel covering her crotch. "Now you can really see my hard nipples."

She sat back down and we continued with the oysters. I opened up the wine that was chilling table side and poured it into our glasses.

"I hope it's ok with you if I have a hard time preventing myself from staring. It's not often, or often enough anyway, that I get to sit with a woman in her underwear, eat oysters and drink wine." 

"I love it actually. Stare away. I have other things I want to show you later too that I got for this night. I'm not wasting them and I want someone to see. Uh these are so good. So as I was saying, I learned all this stuff and would practice talking dirty in a mirror. Sometimes while I kind of, um." And she took a breath. "See, old habits die hard. I would say them while I would fuck myself with my vibrator, or I would run it along my clit to see what I would say when I started to come. I even recorded it once to make sure it sounded right. Well made a video of it with my phone. I'll show it to you later if you want. I used to be as quite as a church mouse when I came, but no more. I read a few places that most guys like it when a girl talk dirty during sex. What about you, is that something you like?" And she slurped down another oyster.

What dream was this? There was a beautiful girl in nothing but underwear, stockings and heels sitting across a glass table, eating oysters, asking me if I like when a girl talks dirty to me during sex. "I would say I like when a girl talks dirty to me just about anytime." 

"Good answer." She said with a broad smile across her face, "Have you ever talked dirty to someone when they are not there, like on the phone or web cam or something?"

"Yeah, I had a girlfriend in college who lived with her folks. Would have phone sex until she came for me. I rather loved it actually. It's not quit the same thing, but I would have another girlfriend masturbate while sitting in a restaurant until she came at the table." 

"Uh that sounds great, I'll add that to my list. Do me a favor, don't use words like masturbate tonight. That's too polite. Say finger her cunt or fuck herself. Would you like to hear me talk dirty, maybe just a little bit?" 

"Yes." was all I could muster.

"Ok. Yum, last one." And she picked up the last oyster from the plate and held it up to her mouth and held it there, moving her tongue seductively around the full shell, while looking straight at me. "This feels so nice." And she slowly lifted the oyster up into her mouth with her tongue. "My pussy is so wet right now talking to you about sex and sitting here knowing you can see through this lace bra at my hard nipples. My fucking panties are soaked. Maybe when you leave I'll let you take my panties so you'll remember me." She cooed as her hand slipped down her bare stomach. " I just want to touch..." 

And a soft bell rang in the room signaling someone was at the door. "Dinner!" And she jumped up. "I told them just to leave it at the door." She said as she moved across the room, pulled the door open wide and picked up the tray siting on the cart at the door. All I could do was stare at her form as it glided to to door and start to head back. I quickly snapped out of it, and collected the empty plates on the table and walked them to the cart and closed the door. She set the plates on the table and arranged the silverware and cloth napkins and we sat down to eat the simple and perfectly prepared fish and gently sautéed vegetables. The sun was setting and a warm glow filled the room. On the tray were candles that she placed on the table. I don't know who this guy was, but I was enjoying the fact that he had skipped out.

"I wanted something simple that wouldn't fill us up. And would be quick to eat. Go ahead, start." 

And we began to eat in the first silence between us since we met at the bar. Maybe she was thinking twice about this. Maybe it was just a little too weird. She had a strange man, in a hotel room, eating the dinner on the night she had meticulously planned, even trained for, in order to grace her boyfriend the sexual night of his life. We were about three quarters done with the meal, and I was about to just find an excuse and make a hasty exit. 

She looked right at me as she began to speak. "He had all these fantasies and things he wanted me to do. I didn't really understand them all at first. Most of it seems pretty simple now actually, nothing really kinky or anything. Like wanting me to suck his cock, fuck me from behind. But then, after the only sex I'd really had was the guy on top just hammering away, I didn't understand why someone would want to do that. I mean I had heard of blowjobs, but I just thought that only unkept girls, lowlifes, would do those sort of things. But the more I read and watched and tried, the more I desired. I don't think had ever really desired before. Not a dick in my pussy, not having an orgasm, not the feel of lips sucking on my nipples. Now, I can't stop thinking about it. I like feeling slutty, not wearing any panties under my dress at work, wearing a shirt that just hugs my tits, fingering myself at the movies, I just love it all. I really don't know what I wouldn't do. I sure there are things, but..."

And the bell rang again. This time she didn't pop up right away and sat there staring into the air. 

"Are you alright?" I asked.

She snapped out of it and smiled a bit. 

"Oh, I had something planned for dessert. Hm." And a grin spread across her whole face. "Let me get it and I'll let you in on it. I'll get it, I know how you like to watch me prance around in my slutty underwear." She placed all the plates on the tray and walked over to the door, spread her legs apart and bent down to place the tray on the floor. She looked back and giggled. Flung the door open and grabbed the dessert tray with a huge bowl of strawberries and a bowl of chocolate mousse and placed it on the table. "No taking anything until I get back." She winked at me a moved across the room again to the the other tray in the hall. "Your watching right?" She said as she bent down again. "Ok, so, hmmmm. What to do." she said as she stood next to the table. She took the berries off the tray and placed them at what would be three-o'clock on the round glass table and placed the mousse at what would be nine-o'clock. She looked straight down at me, with a bit of her hair falling in her face swung her leg over my lap and pulled herself onto the table and stretched her black sheathed legs on either side of me. "Well my three favorite things, strawberries, chocolate and my cunt are here at the table before you." 

And there she sat, with her lace covered pussy in front of me, the berries and the mouse to her sides.
