 *kisses for my baby*

How ya doing hun? I am safe in Florida, been here a day now...its been nice so far but we are supposed to get some rain tomorrow. I went swimming today, thought of you. I wish you were here! I can't wait to see you next weekend, we are going to have a great time!

Are we going to be able to be "alone" at all when I am there? I would love to make love to you at the stroke of midnight on NYE, everything would be so perfect! Just being with you in general would make it a perfect evening. I miss you and I love you so much! Oh the things I would do to you if I had you here with me! = )

I would start by pulling you close to me and kissing you softly on your lips. Squeezing your body close to mine. Just feeling your touch makes my nipples erect and my pussy hot and wet for you! I would take you into the bed room and slowly start unbuttoning your shirt and slide if off of your body. Then I would take of your tee shirt, sliding it up over your head and kiss you full on your lips again. I start kissing down your neck...across your collarbone...down the center of your chest and to each nipple, sucking on them gently. I know how much you like that. I drop down to my knees and continue down to your belly button, tonguing it gently. Now its time to remove those pants of yours... = )

*unbuckling your belt and sliding them down around your ankles* Mmmm what a sight! I can see you have been looking forward to seeing me. Now those undies have to go too...can't have them getting in my way now can we? =) I slowly start to trace around your hard cock with my finger, teasing you gently they way only I can. I have never seen you this hard for me before, you must really ache for this pussy...

I lower my mouth to your body holding your cock in my hand under it. My hot breath over the head makes you rock your body towards me so I can get a taste. I lick the head playfully then take a long sweeping stroke from the base of your cock all the way to the tip. I can feel you twitch in anticipation. I spend a little time licking and sucking on your balls first, I need to make sure you are really hot for me before I get down to business. 

I playfully lick your shaft, little flutters here and there, teasing you. Then suddenly I take the head into my mouth playing with your balls in my hands. Feels good doesn't it? I slide my hands up around your shaft and stroke it following my mouth each time, slowly in the twisting motions you love so much. I start to move faster until I can feel your body trembling with pleasure as your orgasm explodes into my mouth. Your hot cum oozes into me and I make sure I take in EVERY DROP. Mmmmm you taste so good! I can't help but swallow that hot load!

Now it is YOUR turn to please me, I want to feel your tongue on my body so badly. You always give amazing oral, and with the mood you are in right now I am sure tonight would be no exception. You sense my wanting and kiss me on the lips, then push me onto the bed. Your kisses get deeper, more passionate with each new kiss. You slowly move from my lips to my neck, down my chest taking care to pay attention to each erect nipple...tenderly nibbling and tugging at them. Then you suck it fully into your mouth, sucking harder and harder each time until my nipples are almost purple, I love it. 

Now your tongue begins to travel down my tummy tracing lines all over until you hit my navel. You know besides my nipples, I love having my navel played with so you begin tonguing it and french kissing it. You can smell my womanly musk being so close to your treasure and begin to travel further down my body.

You can now see how wet I really am for you, my juices trickling down my inner thighs. You eagerly lap them up and work your way towards my waiting pussy. My lips are engorged and you can see my clit at attention just asking to be kissed. You lightly brush over me with your tongue, my body jumps, I am so sensitive to your touch. But you continue to tease me with your tongue until you just can't take it anymore. You have to taste me again and quickly take a long lick up my slit trying to take in as much of my juices as you can.

Now you begin to concentrate on my clit licking in circles around it as you slide a finger into my pussy. You hit my G spot and the combination of your tongue on my clit and that finger just send me over the top.

By now you have gotten hard again and can't wait to be in my pussy. You flip me over on my hands an knees and don't waste any time getting inside. You begin slowly and work your way up, faster, and harder with each stroke. I soon am cumming again for you...

Just when I think you are about to shoot your load you pull out of my pussy and nudge my tight little bud, pushing to get inside. You wait for my approval and slowly begin to fuck my ass, taking care not to hurt me. It stings a bit at first but soon there is nothing but pleasure coming from it. It doesn't take you long to come to your peak and you pull out and shoot your load all over my ass. We both collapse on the bed and drift off to sleep...a beautiful way to start a new year...

I bet you can't wait until I get back into town...

*kisses*

Your Sweet Strawberry