 She was dancing to the beat with the other people in the pub. The band was playing rock with a twist of Scottish folk and truly rocked the house. She sang along to Captain Kelly's Kitchen; the whole pub went "toora loora la, me toora loora laddie". She hadn't had such a good time out in a long time. They'd gone to the pub wanting to shake the dreary week in the offices off them. And shake they did. She was out of breath and when the song ended and the band drowned in applause, she made her way to the bar and ordered a pint of 80. 

The place was heaving; probably far more punters in there than H&S allowed, but the police turned a blind eye – hell, half the local force (which of course wasn't saying much) was in here.

After all it wasn't often that a decent band played in town and it was bound to draw a crowd. It was getting close to last orders, but nobody seemed about to leave. It would probably end up in another lock-in tonight. 

She found her friends again and left the remains of the pint with them to go outside for a smoke. She didn't exactly feel as sexy as when she'd stood in front of the mirror at home. Not with a soaked top and clinging hair; she could even feel sweat running down between her breasts. Thank god, she'd opted for a black top. Small blessings.

The lighter was playing up, not helped by the otherwise welcoming breeze, but suddenly two large hands appeared around the cigarette, the flame steadied and she could take the first desired puff. She opened her eyes and thanked the good Samaritan in front of her. He gave her a nod and a small smile and for a minute they stood in companionable silence, savouring the cool of the night and the warm smoke in their lungs. 

>You're not from here.< It was a statement. No need to ask. Everyone knew everyone around here and she'd have noticed his tall slender figure around town. The dark hair just reached his mischievous eyes and the black knitted jumper promised a chest of excellent proportions, which she wouldn't have missed if it had walked by. 

>No. I'm visiting my cousin and his wife. They just moved here a couple of months ago. Shame that.<

>What? You don't like the place?<

>Oh, I like it well enough. It's a shame they didn't move here sooner. Great scenery up here.< The grin got wider while his eyes travelled down her body. Stopping at the ground.

>Nice boots!<

She smiled. The boots were the closest she'd ever been to the open prairie and wild horses she'd dreamt of as a wee girl. They made her feel slightly rebellious.

>You enjoying the music?<

>Sure. Always liked a good beat. The band's fair.<

>Aye, they're good. It's like this every time they're on the island.< 

>I can see why. Come, let's walk a while. You can show me round.< Like he hadn't seen all there was to see within 15 minutes of driving into town. She went with him quite willing though; those eyes!. And that jumper. Oooh!

They walked down the road to the harbour. She liked the brightly painted houses. So did the tourists, but there weren't that many of them yet. Soon, though. She'd grown up on the island, moved to Portree a few years ago to at least be in some kind of town. Tourists. Well, ye could curse them all ye want, but in the end they were the bread and butter for most folk around here. Why was she thinking of tourists and island life, when this gorgeous hunk of a man was walking right next to her? Focus, girl, focus! 

>Soo, there's the wee blue house, there's the wee pink one and right there next to it is the yellow one. And if you gaze around the idyllic wee harbour, you'll even find local fishing boats moored in this picturesque village.<

>Aye, I see. Pretty little things those boats. I like a splash of colour meself. But I think you've overlooked the greatest attraction of all. The legs above those fancy boots and the... curves. It must have been taken some sculptor to carve that.<

She laughed and shook her head at him. Stepped closer, so her body was less than an inch from his, and said in an equally suggestive tone: >You want a closer look at those curves in order to fully appreciate this grand work of art?<

His arms came round her and with a firm grip on her jeans-covered backside, pushed her against him. His kiss was hard and all consuming and she replied with every fibre of her body. Oh god! Had it really been that long since she'd last had a man? She was ravenous and the hungry kisses left them breathless. Not wanting to break apart they leaned their foreheads on each other and their hands kept exploring under the clothes. She wanted him, badly, and started leading him towards the end of the pier. The last couple of buildings were boat sheds and their dark windows promised privacy. 

They slipped around the end of the buildings and she fell down in front of him on an old wooden bench, completely disregarding the fabulous view of the moonlight on the water. She only had eyes for him. She wanted to see him and pulled the sweater over his head, took a long appreciative look and kissed him, starting on the mouth and making her way down his neck before closing her lips around his right nipple. She sucked and flicked the nipple with her tongue while he moaned quietly and then gave the left one the same treatment, before slowly moving further south. 

She followed the dark strip of hair with her tongue, while her fingers opened his jeans and she slid her hands around to his arse and slid the trousers and pants down his legs. His ragged breathing halted a moment in expectation and his eyes burned, when he saw her tug her top down to reveal her breasts. She took a breast in each hand and started massaging his cock while closing her wet lips around the tip. He groaned and steadied himself by holding her head in his hands. 

She bent forward, put her hands on his tight arse, and took him all the way to the root in a slow lingering move. Umm...she'd always loved the taste of man. She licked his shaft and hummed slightly, which made him twitch suddenly and she couldn't help smiling. Oh, such power! She started sucking earnestly, picking up the speed and being careful with her teeth. He was big enough to make her jaw hurt after a while, but she kept at it and made a few slower pauses to draw out the feeling. After a while, she stopped and licking her lips reached up to give him a big wet kiss. 

He made her stand up and took her place. He buried his head in her breasts and gave her nipples an exquisite inspection. Then peeled off her jeans and knickers, but left the boots on and bent his head to kiss her wet mound. She gasped, when she felt his tongue dip in her warm folds and held two fingers in place to give him better access. He licked her full length, tasting her juices, sucked and flicked her clit and she closed her eyes to focus all her attention on the flames and sparks that spread from her crotch. He was good and she was ready as ever and didn't need long. 

When the last shudders went through her, he pushed her knees onto the bench either side of him, positioned himself and with one swift movement slid inside her agitated flesh. She almost went over the edge once more and the intensity of their joining made her cry out. She started moving slowly up and down, relishing the full feeling of his cock in her.

Their bodies stepped up the rhythm and her breasts started dancing up and down in front of his eyes. Her hips circled slightly around his cock and he closed his eyes in reverie. 

She took his hand in hers and started sucking his finger, hot as that was, what really made his cock twitch, was when she moved his finger to her asshole, smiling wickedly at him. He didn't need telling twice and when she relaxed, he pushed first one finger and then another up her perfect ass. She came again then and her pussy clenched around his cock, almost sending him off. 

When she came back to earth, he gently made her stand up and came round to her back. She leaned over, brazing herself against the bench and the wall behind. He dropped to his knees and his delicious little wet tongue dived into her once more, before moving up to her asshole. He licked the salty sweat off her crack and, spreading her cheeks, pointed his tongue at her little pink rose. 

She could hardly stand still. She loved this! He tongue fucked her till she squirmed, then he slid two fingers in, then three and four till she was stretched. She was lost in the feeling and didn't notice him standing up till the tip of his cock was at her entrance. She relaxed and pushed back to meet him and he entered her with one hard push that knocked the air out of her. He paused for a few seconds and then started moving inside her, pushing deeper and deeper, until he filled her entirely. 

They groaned together and started moving in earnest. She pushed back against him, wanting more and his balls slapped against her forever louder and quicker. Her head was leaning on her hand by now. Her eyes were closed and she couldn't control the sounds she was making. 

Nothing beats the feeling of man driving his hard cock in and out of your arse. He held her cheeks apart and pumped her arse like there was no tomorrow. The feeling was more intense, more exquisite than anything and she came with a loud cry only muffled by her hand. Her clenching drove him over with her and he cried out with one final push before collapsing on her back. 

They stood like that for a while, unable to move, soaking up the afterglow. 

They helped each other get dressed again and sat down, his arm around her and looked across the water. It was a beautiful night, warm for the season, and they just sat cuddling and enjoying the silence. None of them had thought to introduce themselves and it almost seemed silly to do it now. 

She quietly decided that if he came to find her again after tonight, she'd give him a chance. That's more than she gave most men, but this one had something. Something she liked. There would be time enough to learn his name then.