 Megan wasn't planning to get fucked when she left her house for a run that morning. At least not consciously. But, two hours later, the sound of a strange man's testicles slapping into naked flesh showed her body had plans of its own. Her day had begun unremarkably. Like most Saturdays, she'd slept in, then thrown on a sports bra and shorts before heading out for a long run. 

By the time she got to the smoothie shop she stopped at on her runs, her sweat had soaked through her white sports bra. Had she looked down, she would have noticed her pert, pink nipples showing through the now translucent fabric supporting her breasts. 

Blissfully unaware, she trotted up to the register and ordered a smoothie. When she went to dig money out of her pocket, the cashier surprised her by saying "it's on the house." Megan's initial gratefulness was quickly replaced by embarrassment once she saw her reflection in the window. Her tits were on full display - her waterlogged top did nothing to hide her 32D chest. She quickly covered herself with her arms, and stared at the floor while she waited for her drink. Part of her felt ashamed, but she couldn't help feeling a little turned on. 

Her arousal only grew when the cashier delivered her drink. Her eyes involuntarily drifted to his crotch, landing on the outline of his semi-erect cock. She only managed to squeak out "thanks," before she shifted her gaze back to the floor and he left the table. Disaster averted. But while she sipped her drink, hormones flooded her body. When she stood to leave, her clit rubbed against the spandex of her running shorts, and she practically fainted with pleasure. Somehow, she managed to suppress her carnal desires long enough to escape and start jogging home.

Her body buzzed with arousal as she started back. Her pussy was soaked, and a dark spot formed on her shorts as her juices seeped through. She was beyond caring. She exulted in seeing men turning to stare at her, knowing her body was causing their cocks to stiffen at the thought of conquering her. She chuckled at the fact that she would soon be home masturbating to the idea that men were probably jerking off to the image of her. Then she had a wicked idea: why not cut out the middleman, and fuck the next guy she caught ogling her?

It didn't take long to find a subject. As she turned into her neighborhood, she saw a man stop raking leaves to gape at her. The fact that he was tall and obviously athletic convinced her to change course and jog up to him. By the time Megan noticed the wedding ring on his finger, she was already committed. 

Barely breaking stride, she mashed her body into his, grabbing for the meat between his legs before he could object. He tried to back away, asking if she was okay, but she couldn't hear him over the sound of her heart racing. This had to work - she needed release, and already decided he was going to give it to her. She finally shut him up by pressing her lips over his and rubbing him through his pants. "Fuck me," she moaned, as she felt his cock pulsing to life - and he quickly ushered her into his home. 

She practically jumped out of her clothes, throwing them on the floor of the foyer while he fumbled with the deadbolt on the front door. When he turned back to her, she was already on her knees. She quickly unbuckled his belt, and slid his pants to the ground. 

She swooned when she saw his manhood emerge. It was gorgeous. His shaft pulsed to life before her eyes, gradually stiffening until it pointed straight to her mouth. His balls hung low, obviously swollen with sperm. A drop of precum drooled out from the tip of his phallus, and Megan eagerly leaned forward to catch it on her tongue. He moaned as she ran her tongue down his cock, and his knees buckled when she took him in her warm, wet mouth. She bobbed on his cock slowly, dragging her tongue over the veins of his shaft and savoring his taste. 

By the time Megan felt his hands in her hair, steadying her head while he pushed down her throat, she'd completely surrendered to her primal urges. That cock belonged in her sex. Her pussy was beyond ready for him: she was so wet a string of grool was running from her sex to the floor. Using his quads for leverage, she pushed back until his cock popped out of her mouth. 

"Fuck me," she begged. "I can't wait anymore." 

The man, who she'd later learn was named Dan, pushed her onto the floor and prepared to enter her. "Is there a condom in your shorts?" Dan asked. The question froze Megan in her tracks. 

Of course she didn't have a condom: she'd gone running to get a smoothie. "No," she replied, "don't you have some?" 

Dan pointed to his ring finger in response. "Haven't needed one for years, my wife's on the pill. But I won't risk my marriage by fucking you without protection."

Megan was too turned on to be offended at his comment. The sight of his cock gently bobbing by the entrance to her sex overrode any moral considerations. "I'm sterile," she lied, "and I take the pill to keep my skin clear anyway, so your doubly safe." That was all he needed to hear. 

He pushed himself inside her easily. Feeling his head pass through her lips sent her over the edge. Her first orgasm rippled through her body before his was even all the way inside her. When she felt his balls at the entrance of her pussy, she let out a low, guttural moan of delight. She was surprised when she felt his head sink even deeper into her, bumping into the nub of her cervix. It was as if his manhood was stretching out to touch her deeper than any man had ever reached. Feeling his head pressing firmly against the entrance of her womb, she realized how fertile she was. She was supposed to ovulate within a day or two, tops, which meant there was a good chance she'd get knocked up if Dan didn't pull out. 

To her surprise, she was excited about this possibility of carrying some stranger's bastard. Her body was in control now, and it wanted to make babies - as many as possible, with whoever was willing to fertilize her eggs. But it was more than that, too. She wanted a bastard in her belly. She wanted women to worry about their husbands around her, and wanted men to know she was easy. 

The sounds of his scrotum smacking against her brought her back to reality. Smack, smack, smack. She could feel the weight of his balls slapping against her, and she realized the sperm inside them could be her baby. Smack, smack, smack. The rhythmic smacks sounded like the ticking of a clock, marking time while she prepared to receive his seed. Smack, smack, smack. She smiled and kissed him deeply, as he thrust into her unprotected womb. 

Smack, smack, smack - when the thrusting stopped, would he stay inside her? When she missed her period, would he despise her? Smack, smack, smack. She clenched around his cock, urging him deeper. Smack, smack, smack - orgasmic pleasure rolled through her body, opening her cervix to accept his seed. 

The sound sped up until he pushed deeper inside her than ever. The pendulum between his legs tensed up, then pulsed as he began to cum. When the first jet of his seed hit her cervix, she wrapped her legs tightly around him. As his climax began to taper off, Megan squeezed his cock with her sex, and reached down to fondle his scrotum. They laid together, as he softened inside her. Two days later, his sperm was waiting when she ovulated.