 The sun was starting to set and the sounds of the calm sea entwined with the slight breeze. I looked for you, I could not see you on the beach or on the veranda, I walked into the bedroom, there you stood watching the beautiful sunset through the large open window, the gentle breeze blowing through your hair.

You turned your head and smiled acknowledging my presence, your smile seemed sad; you returned your gaze over the sea your mood sombre.

I entered the room and put my arms around you pulling you closer to me, your hands cupped mine and held them tight, and we stood motionless admiring the beauty of the flat sea and the orange and red of the sunset and the stillness of sound.

Your hands left mine and moved to your shoulders, momentarily pausing before they eased your cream lace negligee from them, letting it drop slowly to the floor exposing your naked body to the might of Mother Nature. I crouched down and placed tiny kisses on your calf muscles progressing to the top of your legs, you part your thighs ever so slightly so I have a tiny glimpse of your woman hood, I can smell your sex tangled with the saltiness of the sea, my kisses continue along your back and across your shoulder blades, you stand motionless almost void of feeling.

I kiss the nape of your neck, running my tongue along your smooth skin until I reach you ear, I nibble gently on your lobe and whisper I love you, your lips are sealed and your eyes stare forward looking out into the distance. I replace my tongue with my hands running them along your tiny shoulders across your neck gently brushing your throat. I move my hands lightly over your tanned body until I reach your firm pert breasts, cupping each one in the palms of my hands I slowly knead them, you nipples are large and erect teased by the slight breeze dancing over them, I roll your nipples between my thumbs and forefinger, I know you like it like this, your sensitive breasts always cry for pleasing, yet you remain still not showing any emotion, your dark brown eyes transfixed to another place or maybe time.

I release your nipples from my arousal and let my hands wander down your tummy along the smoothness of you shaved pussy, my fingers exploring your soft swollen lips. I trace my fingers back and forth with the slightest of touch, stimulating your puffy pink lips until I feel the sticky moisture of your juices, my fingers continue their manipulation of your pussy for a few minutes more until I can feel the hardness of your clit escaping from its covered hood. I poise my finger over the top of your hardened love button hovering for a few seconds before letting my skin touch yours, I wait for your legs to part opening your self for my fingers to pleasure you, however you don't, there is no reaction, you look forward into your place your safe haven. I increase the pace of my finger across you hardened clit. My penis straining against the confines of my trousers, I push my cock against the crack of your buttocks forcing your knees to slightly buckle, you have no choice but to reach your arms around my neck for stability, I scoop you up in my arms, you nestle your head in my shoulders your eyes still empty of desire

I lay your beautiful naked body on the bed, and position myself at your toes. I replace my earlier soft kisses with more passionate ones, first your feet, then your legs until I reach the object of my desire, for the first time since the whole encounter you react by opening your legs, giving me permission to pleasure you. I run my tongue slowly along your smooth silky inner thighs until I reach your wet pussy. My hot breath against your wetness closes your eyes I know now you are ready, your mind and body now willing to submit to fulfilling the desire within.

My tongue explores the warmth of your inner lips, at its first touch your pussy becomes drenched by your flowing juices. I run my tongue over your swollen lips up and down ever so careful to avoid touching your clit or the entrance to your wanting hole, with every stroke my tongue closes the gap to releasing your ache, as my tongue flicks across your hard clit you let a slight whimper escape from your mouth. Your hands move down your body cupping my head pulling my face deeper to swim in you juices. My tongue is not finished as it leaves your clit and circles the entrance to your love tunnel, you remove your hands from my head and caress and fondle your breasts, your fingers gently squeeze your rock hard nipples, you feel them becoming larger wanting to burst, I can feel their fullness exciting you even more as the muscles in your pussy start to spasm, my tongue darts into you hole, I push in as far as I can wanting to taste all of you its warmth drawing me in deeper and deeper. You are close I can feel your body starting to tense, you push my head away from your soaked pussy you mind trying to control your lust.

You lift you head and look deep into my eyes, for the first time your dark eyes swirl with sensuality, and you speak for the first time tonight.

"Not yet, I want to feel you inside of me."

I remove my clothes and kneel in front of your smooth bald virgin like pussy, your lips glistening from your juices. I take my cock and gently pull back its cover exposing its red helmet, I run its head along your deep crimson lips, and it glides with ease from your desire. I place my cock against the entrance to your vagina your legs open wider from the anticipation of my entrance. I slowly guide my cock into you warm tightness, your eagerness to have me fill you forces your hips wider and you lift your buttocks slightly trying to force me in deeper, I resist your movements I want this to last I want us to come together.

I edge my cock into you until you take its fullness, I can feel your muscles contract tightly around my man hood, you thighs closing slightly trying to pull my body upwards towards you. I move my hands either side of your body and lift up onto my knees, the movement forcing my cock deeper into the tight little space left in your pussy, I am now as full inside of you as your pussy can take. My pelvic bone touches your clit and your back slightly arches from its touch. I start to grind my pelvis against yours. You whisper to me you want to come, you need to, you need you thirst quenched. 

I lower my body onto yours my head resting against your breast, I slowly thrust my cock in and out of you, your pussy lips hugging my rod pulling it back deep inside of you. I suckle on you pert breast, your hand stroking my head pushing my lips deeper into your skin wanting me to take as much of your breast deep in my mouth as possible, you other hand squeezes your orphaned tit rolling your hard nipple in your fingers stopping to pinch it every now and then. Your breathing increases and I can hear you heart pounding harder with each thrust of my cock, my balls are becoming tighter, I increase my pace and shorten my strokes, we are both so close I can feel you body tense, holding off the moment of pleasure until you feel my final thrust. The head of my cock swells inside of you my balls contract and I orgasm filling you with my jism, the sound of me Cumming and the warmth of my cum splashing inside of you starts your pussy contracting, you arch your back and try to close your thighs around me, you body lay motionless for a few seconds and then erupts into a frenzy as your orgasm rips through your body uncontrolled.

I lift my body to remove my spent cock from your cum filled swollen pussy, you stop me and pull me up to your mouth, the heat of our breaths meet for the first time tonight, we kiss passionately allowing our tongues to explore each others mouths, you rest your head on my shoulder and we lay in each others arms drifting off to sleep to the sounds of the crashing waves outside the bedroom window.