 Inspired by and dedicated to... well, you know who you are, the first kindred spirit in this endeavor.




She pounces on him, pushing him down to the bed, straddling his stomach. She leans in close. Her bangs tickle his face, but he's too taken aback to move. She looks into his eyes. The red ring around his pupils start blazing and envelops her.

She wakes up.

She sits up and rakes her hand through her hair. Sigh. Third time this week. She rests her elbow on her knee and buries her face in her hand. What the hell are you thinking?

It's almost the last day. The anticipation of spending more time alone with him made her shudder with excitement, even as she watches herself brush her teeth in the mirror. She could almost feel his eyes on her. She's never seen eyes like his. She could never hold eye contact with him for more than 5 seconds for fear of turning bright red in front of everyone. 5 seconds was all she needed to churn her imagination though. Her imagination, among other things...

Everyone arrives at the hotel and, in pairs, settle into their rooms. Her roommate leaves the room to join her friends in another room, leaving her in quiet solitude, just the way she likes it. She strips down to take a quick shower to wash off the sweat and grime of the day. She puts on her sleep t-shirt and a pair of shorts, grabs her iPod and heads down to the lobby to use their internet. Since there's no one else in the elevator, she bobs her head and sways her body to the beat of the music flowing through her headphones. She doesn't notice the elevator is about to stop on the 1st floor until just before the doors open. The 1st floor. His floor. 

The doors open and there he stands.

"Hey," he says, cooly.

"Hey, heading down to the lobby?" she responds, smiling (she can't help it), but trying to match his coolness.

"Yeah, the WiFi in my room isn't working."

"Ahh, same. At least they have computers in the lobby." Damn it, is that all you can say? She looks down at her feet, scared and excited to catch his eye. 

They walk towards the computers, but only one is available. He tries to be a gentleman and let her use it first, but she insists that he goes ahead of her. He's about halfway finished when the computer next to his opens up. She grabs the mouse and accidentally brushes the back of her hand against his soft arm hair. She quickly glances up at him to see if he noticed. She saw his gaze drop down to his arm for a second and the corners of his mouth turn up, but he doesn't move. She's content to be this close to him. 

He nudges her hand to get her attention. "Here, watch this."

He shows her a trailer to a new horror movie coming out. 

"You like scary movies?" she asks.

"Not always, but this one looks... intriguing."

Excitedly, she asks, "Oh! Have you seen "The --------"?"

"No. Is it any good?"

"It's super creepy. You have to see it," then suddenly feeling brave, "I have it on my computer upstairs. You want to watch it tonight?"

"What about your roommate? Will she mind?"

"She's hanging out with R and Y tonight."

"Okay. Let's go then." He stands up. Her heart starts pounding at the realization of what is happening.

They head upstairs. We're just watching a movie. That's all. 

"Sit wherever," she says as she pulls out her computer. 

He chooses the floor, leaning back against the side of the bed. She sits on the edge of the bed with her legs next to him, searching for the movie on her computer. 

"Alright... here it is. Play." She sets the computer on the floor and lies on her stomach on the bed, her head close to his. 

He looks back at her and asks, "Mind if I turn the lights off?"

"Go ahead," she says as she lays her head down on her arms. 

He sits back down in his spot, one leg up, one leg extended out. The computer screen flickers brightly with neon words that look like they were written by demon-possessed children. BANG! The loud noise made her gasp. When she lets her breath out, he could feel it blow past his ear and down his neck. He closes his eyes to subdue his arousal. She looks over at him and places her hand on his shoulder, "Are you falling asleep already?" 

Cough, "No, of course not."

"Are you sure? We could switch places."

"No, I'm fine down here. If I lie down on the bed, then I will fall asleep."

The woman on the screen shuts the medicine cabinet mirror. Her husband suddenly appears behind her as the mirror screeches close, startling her. 

They both jump at the sudden sound. They look at each other and smile, both a little embarrassed that they jumped at a little noise. After he turns back to the movie, her hand absentmindedly starts stroking his hair and scratching the back of his head. He closes his eyes and lets the sensations wash over him. Her fingers dance over to his ears, tracing with her fingernail from the top, curving down to the earlobe. She rubs her thumb up and down his ears. She could feel them getting warmer. He suddenly grabs her hand. It feels small in his. He cups her hand to his face, down to his mouth. She watches, her heart pounding so loudly she could feel it in her ears, as he sucks her fingers between his lips. He turns to her and their eyes lock on each other. She could hardly breathe when he leans in to kiss her. She closes her eyes and starts kissing back. Her stomach flutters with nervous erotic energy. 

Suddenly realizing what she was doing, she pushed him away and sits up on the bed. 

"I'm sorry. We...prob...We..." her mouth unable to catch up with her thoughts.

"You don't have to be sorry. I kissed you."

"Yes, but I shouldn't have kissed back."

"Perhaps. Or maybe..."

She turns to see him standing next to the bed, waiting for her response. She's caught in his gaze and, like a moth to a flame, she throws her body to him. She spins around, kneeling in front of him, wrapping her arms around his neck, pulling him onto her lips. They start pawing and grabbing each other, exploring each other's curves and crevices. Their deep breaths turn to hot panting. She stands up on the bed, her face above his, still sucking the breath from his lungs. He unbuttons her shorts and pushes them down. She claws his shirt off and throws it behind her. His middle finger presses against the moist spot on her panties. She moans into his mouth and wraps her legs around his torso. He spins her around and pushes her up against the hotel room door, hard. His sudden roughness spurs her on. She plants her feet back on the ground and, pushing on his hips, guide him towards the chair. Before he could sit down, she slides down his body, kneeling in front of his belt buckle. She looks up into his eyes as her hands deftly unbuckle, unbutton and unzip the barrier to his stiff cock. With one swift movement, she pulls his pants off and pushes him down on the chair. She crawls up between his knees and strokes him through his boxers up from his balls. His hands clutch at the sides of the chair as he throws his head back. She relishes in his reaction and once more strokes his balls. She puts her mouth against the fabric and blows hot air permeating through. The warmth spreads, engulfing his scrotum, up to his hard shaft. She tugs his boxers down, exposing his erect member. She firmly wraps her hand around it and guides it deep down her throat, her tongue swirling back up the shaft. Her head bobs back down, swallowing him deep. His penis exits her mouth with a pop. She strokes him with her hand as her tongue licks the spot underneath and between his balls, occasionally sucking one of his ball sack into her mouth. She licks up from the bottom to the tip, sucking him back down her throat and out. She steadily strokes him faster, wrapping her lips around his head. He can't hold it in much longer. His hand hovers near her head, tempted to push her head down. 

"OH Fuck!" he erupts into her mouth. She's careful to catch every drop, licking him clean. Still gasping, he sits up in the chair and pulls her onto his lap, wrapping his arms around her waist. She drapes her arm over his shoulders while he rests his head against her chest. She runs her fingers through his hair, massaging the back of his head. He starts rubbing her thigh and tracing the inner contours up to her dark blue panties. He could feel how aroused she's gotten. He presses two fingers firmly up against her wet spot. She moans into his ear. He kisses her neck while hooking his fingers into her underwear. She swiftly peels off her shirt and bra while he rubs up and down her slit, feeling her wetness increasing. She begins writhing in his lap. He plunges his fingers in her soft folds and digs deep. Her hand clenches around his shoulder. The pleasure hits her so hard, she nearly collapses. He starts sliding his fingers back out, but she pushes his hand back, grinding her hips forward. 

"Don't stop," half commanding, half pleading. Seeing her lost in her lust, he's happy to keep going. He digs deeper, faster. Her gasping quickens, one more plunge and she feels her orgasm rippling through, gripping tight onto his fingers. She pulls his face towards her to kiss him, pushing her tongue into his mouth. Watching her has made his cock stiff again. She gets up and tears off her underwear before spreading her legs to straddle him. She holds his stiff dick in her hand, rubbing the tip along the wet slit a few times before lowering herself down. "Ohhhh.." a deep moan grows from her throat. She could feel his girth stretching out her walls. After adjusting to his size, she starts slowly grinding her hips back and forth, feeling every inch of him. She grabs the back of his chair with one hand, his shoulder with the other, bracing herself as her hips start moving faster. She propels herself on and off his lap, each time penetrating deeper. She leans back, trying to push him inside even deeper. He grabs her breast and sucks in her nipple, sucking and licking over the tip. The extra sensation sends her over the edge and she cums for the second time that night. Her hands cup around the back of his neck and she rests her forehead against his, still breathing heavily. She kisses his nose and mouth, then wraps her arms around his neck. Standing up, his cock still buried in her hot snatch, he lifts her up and places her on the bed. He pulls out and pushes her legs apart, revealing her glistening, wet pussy. He leans down and sucks on her clit, pushing two fingers into her. She instantly gasps and slams her hand onto the bed, clawing at the bedding. She tugs at his hair to get his attention, signaling him to come up. She cups his face and kisses his lips.

"I need you inside me. Now."

He grins and kisses her mouth, down to her neck, below her collarbone and pushes her breast into his mouth. He teases her nipple with his tongue, looking up into her eyes with a devilish gleam. He licks his thumb and rubs it against her clit before guiding his cock with his other hand towards her slick pussy. He holds her hips in place and thrusts forward. Her head curls back, "Ooohhhhh.." letting out another moan. His pace steadily quickens, each thrust deep, filling her completely. Her hand paws at his ass. She thrusts her hips up to meet his rhythm. 

"Yes! Right there! OohhOhhMmmOhhh..."

He could feel her pussy walls getting hotter and gripping his dick tighter. He starts bucking faster. "Oh FUCK." His whole body tightens and he shoots his load inside her. His rapid ramming pushes her to her third orgasm. She could feel it ripping through her from the base of her neck down to her lower back and through her vagina. "AWWWWwww...awww..."

Still trying to catch her breath, "That's..." her chest heaving, "I've... never..." 

She turns to him, already collapsed face down on the bed next to her, their legs still intertwined. She has no idea what to say, what to think. His hand reaches for hers and he pulls it to his lips. She traces the contours of his face with her finger and kisses him on the forehead. She pushes herself up and rolls off the bed. She walks into the bathroom, turns on the light and steps into the shower. He watches as she sways away. He could see her shadow moving behind the curtain. The sound of her humming a song floats out to the room, luring him to join her. 

He pushes the shower curtain back slowly and quietly, watching her from behind. The water cascades down her hair, over the curve of her buttocks. Staring at her wet, naked body in the light, he could feel his dick start to stir again. He steps in, trying to be quiet, but she had heard the slight rattle of the shower curtain rings. She stands still under the stream of running water. He walks up close behind her and fully wraps her into his arms, holding her tight to him. She could feel his hard-on pressed between her butt cheeks. She arches and curves her back, rubbing her ass up and down his erection. His hands roam down the sides of her body and glides up between her breasts. He holds her firmly against his chest, leans down and kisses her shoulder, up her neck. He scrapes his teeth gently along her earlobe and whispers, "You have to stop that. Right now." 

"Stop what?" she continues grinding up against him, her hand snakes behind her to stroke his engorged cock. 

He grunts, "That..." 

Without stopping, she turns to face him, looking up into his eyes. She's surprised her body is still hungry for him. She kisses his chest, softly at first, then rougher, sucking in his flesh, leaving pink marks. She lowers her head to tease his nipple with the tip of her tongue. 

"Ahhh! Stop that!" 

She giggles at his outburst and he cups the back of her head and pulls her into a kiss, slow and passionate. The water starts to turn cold. He quickly shuts off the valve and steps out, handing her a towel and helping her dry off. She watches him pat himself dry as she rubs a towel through her hair. His back is to her. Her eyes linger on his toned ass. I wonder... She reaches out with her finger and quickly runs it up his ass crack, brushing up against his anus. 

He jumps up, "WhoA! What the hell!" He stares at her in bewilderment. She stares back mischievously, biting her bottom lip. 

"Your turn," he lunges towards her. She quickly runs back towards the bed and dives under the covers, trying to protect herself. Standing next to the bed, he lifts up the blanket and she looks up at him, pouting. 

"I'm sorry, I won't do it again," she pleads.

"Too late. Turn around." 

Half reluctantly, she gets on all fours, spreading her knees apart, her anus and pussy open and waving at him. His heart starts thumping in his chest. He didn't expect her to actually let him and he wasn't going to insist if she had stood her ground. But now... seeing her like this has made him stand at full attention again. She looks back at him, almost daring him to do it. He licks his forefinger and eases it into her asshole. Slowly, and careful not to hurt her, but, to his surprise, she lets out a moan. He notices her pussy moistening. He pulls his finger out and glides it back in. Her leg trembles at these new sensations traveling up and down her body. He eases his ring finger into her opening. He can not believe how wet she's gotten. He can't help stroking himself. 

"Fuck me... please," she says so quietly he almost didn't hear her. 

He rubs the precum around the head and, inch by inch, penetrates her. Once he could go no further, she lets out a moan deeper than any he's heard all night. He slides back out slowly and she nearly whimpers, but he rams forward again. She moans even louder. He rocks in and out, slowly out and forcefully in, creating a steady rhythm. Both her hands clench onto the bedsheets. Each time he thrusts back into her, she can't help letting out a guttural moan, loud enough to bounce off the walls. He quickens his pace.

Screaming into the bed, "YES, Right there, Right, Yes." Catching her breath, "I'm, I'm... Uuunnnnnhhhhhhhhh....." He could feel her pulsing hard around his cock as he continues pumping into her. 

Grabbing hold of her hips, he can feel his own orgasm about to explode. He starts erratically pounding into her. "AWWwwWWww... Holy sh.....!" 

After he shoots his last load, he pulls out and lies down next to her. She could feel his semen dripping out and down her thigh. She curls up, facing him. She rests her feet against his stomach. He covers them with his hands to keep them warm and kisses her knee. She cups his face in her hand and closes her eyes.