 Chapter 1

The summer afternoon sun shines through the window making the normally chilly office feel comfortable.

"We can get the papers signed and get them over to you before tomorrow morning" I hear my boss Mr. Thomas assure to the client sitting across from him.

"I know that's an inconvenience but we would appreciate it," the client says politely.

"No problem, these things happen. I'll have my wonderful secretary Juliett get everything in order and sent out as soon as possible" Mr. Thomas runs his fingers discreetly through my hair while he says it.

"We will be in your debt sir. I don't which to take up any more of your time" the client gratefully adds and stands to shake Mr. Thomas's hand.

While one hand returns the handshake, the other presses down on my head and I can almost feel the wicked smirk on his lips while the client turns and steps out of the office leaving us alone again.

"What would I do without you getting me through these tedious conversations with morons" Mr. Thomas groans out while thrusting his drooling cock deeper into my mouth.

From my hidden position beneath the desk, in between his powerful legs, I moan appreciatively and squeeze his muscular thighs. I feel the head finally pop into my throat forcing me to swallow it down.

"Fuck babydoll, hiring you was the best thing I ever did" Mr. Thomas compliments, his hands now clutching onto my head, driving his manhood further in.

I take care to suck him exactly how he likes it, deep and sloppy. Mr. Thomas especially loves feeling me moan with his length balls deep down my slender throat. "Shit yes, my slutty girl, suck me just like that. Take it all!" He grunts now pumping into my warm wet mouth frantically.

I cup his large balls and massage them knowing this always pushes him over the edge. "Yes baby, you know just how I like it" he practically growls, ramming himself completely down my throat and rewarding me with a hot yummy load. 

I gulp it down eagerly until he's totally spent. Only then do I pull away, lick him clean and crawl out from under the desk with sore knees and an ache between my thighs that needs immediate attention.

Mr. Thomas pulls me to him and kisses me roughly, teasing my luscious breasts with one hand while the other squeezes my curvy behind. I whimper against his lips needing a release of my own but the sound of the phone cuts us off.

Reluctantly, Mr. Thomas pulls back with an exasperated sigh. "Looks like our fun is cut short, sorry babygirl, I'll make it up to you" he winks and sends me off with a passing ass slap. I straighten myself up and try to ignore my own arousal knowing I need to get back to actually working.

These little games have been going on for a while but as much fun as they are, I do still take pride in being good at my job and never slack off just because I have a special relationship with my boss.

Still, working while sexually frustrated always makes any task harder than it needs to be. Unfortunately, the rest of the day is busy and it isn't until I'm home late in the evening that I'm able to tend to my needs.

Relaxing into the warm embrace of the bath, I turn on one of my favorite videos on my bathroom tv. I lazily caress my already responsive body while I watch it unfold. We're introduced to an older businessman, perhaps in his late 50s, seducing a naive young intern.

It's easy to understand why it speaks to me. Ever since I can remember, I've been attracted to older men. I find them much more interesting and experienced in the ways that count. I love the way they look at me like I'm giving them some priceless gift by allowing them to have a taste of my body.

With one hand, I run a finger over my slit while the other slowly traces circles around one of my nipples, enjoying the sensation of feeling it harden and stick out. I imagine myself being the girl, sitting on the desk with my legs lewdly spread, my wetness on full display.

I flick my clit watching the man get between the girl's legs and hungrily eat her pussy almost feeling it as if I were there. My thumb puts pressure on my mound now so I can slide a finger into my hot core. 

I stop teasing my nipple so I can roll it between my fingers and rub them feeling like small electric shocks running through my body adding to my arousal. Adding another finger I pump both in and out watching the older man now roughly take the intern, fucking her little pussy raw.

My moans and cries mix with hers and I close my eyes using the man's strong demanding voice calling her a slut to bring me over the edge knowing that's a weakness of mine during sex. 

I don't stop touching myself after my orgasm, I just slow down giving myself time to come down from it before bringing myself to the heights of pleasure again. Only after my third orgasm and the water growing cold do I finish my bath and step out to dry off.

Feeling sexually sated for the moment, I choose to satisfy my hunger instead. A simple pasta dinner with a glass of rum and coke top off a relaxing night. Somehow, by the time I'm in bed, I already feel the need to seek some kind of pleasure again. This time, sleep wins out and I doze off before I can even dwell on it too long. 

CHAPTER 2

Walking into the office this morning with a coffee in hand and my heels clicking against the tile, I notice not many people are in yet. I had received a message from Mr. Thomas this morning upon waking asking me to come in earlier than usual. 

Dropping off my purse at my desk and placing the coffee down, I knock on his door and wait to be told to enter. "Morning Juliett" greets Mr. Thomas, standing to come over and give me a kiss. "Well, Good Morning to you too Sir" I reply saucily. 

"Mmm little tease, too bad I will have to do without you for a while" he states in annoyance while stepping back. I raise an eyebrow questioningly "Am I going somewhere?"

It seems like he's going to tell me something when a devilish glint enters his eyes with a matching smirk. "We won't have much time, I'll tell you all about it after but first, I need to make sure you have something to remember me by".

Mr. Thomas smoothly undoes his belt and undoes his zipper pulling his already hard cock out. I lick my lips and groan when he kisses me roughly. Slamming me against the wall, he lifts me dragging my dress up to my waist. Without wasting any time, he rips my thong to the side and rams his cock into my tight little pussy.

I gasp loudly breaking our kiss but he brutally takes my lips back. His thrusts are savage, luckily I was already wet before even walking into his office. My toned legs wrap around his waist and my heels dig into his back.

"Fuck, you're the hottest little fuck I've ever had. My dirty little slut" He grunts against my lips. I reach down and rub my clit, his manhood filling me up completely and his wild fucking are quickly bringing me to the edge. 

"Fill your little slut up, give me all of your cum" I beg knowing it will set him off. His hand wraps around my slender throat squeezing it as he furiously pumps into me unleashing stream after stream of his jizz triggering my own orgasm. 

"Good thing no one is in yet because we completely lost control, fucking like wild desperate animals. He keeps me pinned to the wall still holding me up, his softening cock still in me. We catch our breaths and he walks over to the desk with me in his arms.

He hands me a small washcloth so I can keep from getting my clothes stained when he pulls out. Finally, he does and sets me down, I try to clean myself up as best as I can and fix my clothes.

Mr. Thomas straightens his own and goes to pick up a folder and hands it to me "The President has an important meeting out of state but his secretary fell ill. Angela spoke highly of you to him and so he has requested for you to fill in on this trip. I told him I could spare you for the few days, refusing wasn't really an option even for me" he explains.

I look through the folders containing the details and travel plans. I can definitely understand why Mr. Thomas wouldn't want to refuse. Mr. James Hughes is the President and C.E.O of our company and has helmed it for decades now. 

Truth is, I'm glad he couldn't turn the request down. Angela was the first to hire me on and I had enjoyed working with her. In fact, I consider her my mentor. An older woman with a quick wit and unmatched business savvy. 

Knowing it was upon her recommendation that I was chosen is humbling. As much as I enjoy my flirtatious relationship with Mr. Thomas, It will be a welcome change to prove my professional chops to someone as influential as the President.

"I'm sure missing me for a few days will help you appreciate how much you need me" I wink with a sultry smile. "I have no doubt" he retorts with a quick kiss. 

"Mr. Hughes wants to see you now that you have been filled in. The man is ancient and surly, a far cry from my charming disposition but I know you'll manage" he declares with his usual cocky smirk in place.

"I'll manage" I assure Mr. Thomas while closing the file and leaving to head up to the top floor where Mr. Hughes office is located. 

Sure enough, when I approach his office, the secretary's desk is empty. With no other option, I simply knock on his door and wait patiently. "Enter" calls out a deep voice belonging to the man himself. I tentatively open the door and let myself in. 

"Good Morning Mr. Hughes, I was instructed by Mr. Thomas to come see you" I explain although he obviously already knows this. For a second all is silent and I get to study the industry giant sitting behind a massive heavy Oak desk.

He is much like I remember from brief glimpses during company events. Mr. Hughes is tall and broad, still muscular but having softened from age now that he is in his late 60s. His hair is still thick and cut neatly but graying significantly. 

If memory serves me right his eyes are a deep blue and he always wears a heavy ring on the pointer fingers of his large hands. A lift of one of those fingers lets me know he heard me and would get to me soon. 

A good minute goes by before he sets down whatever he was focused on and looks up. "Ah yes, Miss Juliett Farris. I had been expecting you. Please sit" he gestures to one of the leather chairs positioned before his desk. 

I thank him and sit gracefully, now beginning to feel the nerves creeping up. "I know this is quite short notice. In truth, I considered traveling without a secretary but Angela was quite adamant about your proficiency and convinced me to give you the opportunity. I expect Stephen gave you the folder with the details, correct?" he questions.

"Yes he did and I look forward to being of use in any way I can" I add with a small smile trying to act put together and not at all intimidated. 

"Very well. Stephen knows not to expect you back. Take the rest of the day to pack and get your affairs in order. The flight will leave promptly tonight so be on time. That will be all" Mr. Hughes effectively dismisses me and I nod respectfully. 

It feels strange leaving the building while everyone is just arriving but I actually feel excited at this new challenge. I let my friends know I will be away for the next week and pack everything I may need. I end up having to go to the store to pick up some travel toiletries. 

Making a good impression and leaving up to Angela's kind praise is important which is how I find myself on the private airstrip a half hour earlier than necessary. Thankfully, It seems Mr. Hughes is also early. A worker is busy loading the bags while Mr. Hughes guard stands close by supervising.

I'm asked for ID as I approach and my bags are taken while the guard ushers me onto the private jet. I spot Mr. Hughes sitting with a book in hand towards the back. He lifts his gaze as I approach and gestures to the seat across from him. 

"I'm glad you made it on time. Punctuality is important in our business". I nod in agreement and accept the water offered by the stewardess. "My grandmother used to say 'Better three hours too soon than a minute too late'. Well, her and Shakespeare but who remembers him" I joke lightly trying to make conversation. 

I feel incredibly proud when this earns me the closest thing to a smile that I've ever seen on Mr. Hughes. It is in no way an actual smile but there's a glint of amusement in his eyes which is close enough. 

He goes to say something but the guard enters to inform us everything is ready and we will be taking off soon. The door is shut and the rest take a seat towards the front of the small jet. Once we are up in the air I relax and spot a music player to the side.

"Are you a music fan Mr. Hughes?" I ask inquisitively. "I've always had a fondness for it, you are free to play whatever you would like. In truth, I haven't used it the last few times we have flown so I have no clue what is in there" he offers politely. 

Once we are free to undo our seatbelts I get up and press play. A tune fills the cabin and it brings an instant smile to my face and I sit back down humming along to the jazz track. "Duke Ellington, a fantastic choice" I compliment Mr. Hughes.

"I'm surprised you know it" he states truthfully while leaning back in his chair. "Jazz of all kind was played around the house when I was little. To this day it's still my favorite kind of music to listen to" I share now feeling nostalgic. 

"I was actually able to see Ellington and his orchestra live back in 1973" Mr. Hughes states fondly. "Really? I would have loved to. There's nothing like live jazz".

Mr. Hughes tips his glass in agreeance and we go quiet enjoying the smooth sounds of jazz flowing through the air. A couple of times I catch Mr. Hughes watching me curiously as I hum and sway along to the melody.

CHAPTER 3

The hotel we are staying at is luxurious as was to be expected. What I didn't expect was to be sharing the Presidential suite with Mr. Hughes. He explained that it was easier to have us in the same area in case we have to go over work late in the evenings. 

We each branch off to our individual rooms off of the main living area to get settled in. I choose to freshen up and get comfortable. It's well into the night but I'm hungry which means I will have to go out there and look presentable.

I settle for a camisole and leggings with flip flops. Casual but not inappropriate. I remove all of my makeup and throw my hair up into a messy bun. Walking out I see Mr. Hughes in his slacks and dress shirt but without the jacket. He is skimming through the hotel's menu.

"Looks like you beat me to it" I call out jovially not wanting to sneak up on him. "Any preferences?" he asks distractedly. "Anything that pairs with wine" I joke and sit across from him at the small kitchen table.

He hums thoughtfully and walks over to the hotel phone, placing an order then coming back. "Are you nervous about your tasks during this trip?" he questions now giving me his full attention.

"Nervous isn't the right word. I want to do everything I can on my part to make this deal successful. I enjoy a challenge and consider it an honor to work alongside you" I answer honestly. 

"The days will be long and hectic but if you pay attention you will learn much. I'm very much looking forward to it". I offer a beaming smile at that and resolve to be on my A game the entire time.

After that, we broke out the wine and conversed about all kinds of things. The seemingly always serious Mr. Hughes relaxed and told me stories of how he got into the business. We compared our knowledge of music and movies. The conversation didn't lull even as we ate dinner.

I can honestly say it's one of the most fun evenings I've had in a long while. I grew to understand the man behind the name more and realized he is intelligent, demanding and serious but also witty and charming with a lifetime full of interesting anecdotes. I went to bed that night feeling more at ease and fully ready for what was to come. 

The next couple of days consists of non-stop meetings, business dinners and going over every document and detail once back at the suite. It's exhausting and demands my complete attention at all times but I love every second of it.

Watching Mr. Hughes negotiate and speak to others is beyond impressive and I can understand exactly why he is in the position he is in now. We fall into a rhythm getting more comfortable with each other and I find myself enjoying his company immensely.

It isn't until the fourth night that we are able to fully relax having closed this massive deal days earlier than expected. We attend a celebratory dinner to commemorate the new partnership. After a few full days together I can tell this is the last place Mr. Hughes wants to be but he keeps his professional face on.

When the dinner is over, a trip to a nearby bar to continue the celebration is proposed but Mr. Hughes declines stating he isn't as young as he used to be and it is getting late. 

"Would your lovely secretary like to join us?" one of the men asks, his eyes looking me over with barely concealed lust. Some sort of expression passes over Mr. Hughes features too quick for me to catch. "Feel free to stay out and have a good time Juliett" he urges kindly.

"As much fun as that sounds, I really am tired after such an eventful day but I appreciate the invitations" I decline politely and leave with Mr. Hughes. 

"Happy to be out of there?" I guess teasingly once we are alone in the car. His deep chuckle is answer enough. I lean my head back and rest my eyes, a comfortable silence filling the space. Once back at the hotel I don't hesitate to remove my heels with a relieved sigh.

"I hope you didn't feel obliged to leave on my account," Mr. Hughes says while removing his tie. "I honestly would much rather spend the evening unwinding with you than getting groped by overly aggressive drunk businessmen" I state truthfully.

He gives me a kind smile that I return while walking over to my room to change. I slip off my dress and bra and throw on a pair of small sleep shorts and a tank top. I walk barefoot into the living area and throw myself onto the couch.

"Wine or something stronger?" Mr. Hughes calls out. "A glass of brandy sounds good" I answer. He comes over and hands me the drink, sitting beside me. "What a long day" I sigh after taking a sip of my brandy. "But a fruitful one. You did an excellent job, having you with me made the process much smoother and enjoyable" he admits.

"Thank you Mr. Hughes, that means a lot".

"Please, call me James" he insists. "I'll try but old habits die hard. You must be looking forward to getting back".

"It is always better to be in your own home but I don't exactly have anyone waiting for me" he confesses. "Did you never start dating again? actually, that's a really personal question. I'm sorry for asking" I apologize quickly realizing how rude that may come off.

"It's alright, no need to apologize. I am quite a busy man aside from not having the energy to separate any actual real potential partners from those just after my money or influence. Besides, I'm way past dating age at this point."

"That is so untrue! I for one have loved every second of your company. You might be surprised if you put yourself out there" I lean forward and squeeze his hand. "You are too sweet dear Juliett, you should be careful or I might set my sights on you" James jokes but there is a grain of seriousness behind it.

"I would consider myself lucky" I reply with a small smile causing him to shake his head. "I think I should see myself to bed. Have a good night Juliett" he pats my bare thigh and gets up. I stay seated there for a minute before retiring as well.

CHAPTER 4

I said that without thinking but I did mean it. Mr. Hughe- I mean James, is handsome, intelligent, kind but commanding. During our time together I've found myself developing an affection for him and I would be lying if I said I wasn't attracted to him.
