 Chapter 1

Jenny could feel the anger well up in her at Katie's insinuation that Jim might be the father of her baby. "You planned this didn't you," Jenny almost screamed.

"No, no, no, please, I would never do anything like that," Katie cried.

"I thought you were my friend and you do something like this! How could you...how could you Katie!" Jenny said through clenched teeth as her eyes filled with tears. She jumped up and stormed out of the room, slamming the door so hard the pictures on the wall rattled. 

Katie fell to the bed, her body racked with sobs. Maybe she did want this she thought. Jenny was probably right, somewhere deep inside she wanted this and that's why it happened. 

Jenny stormed down the stairs in a fury. She walked out of the house and across the street to the park. She climbed a hill that held a large oak tree that she often went to when she needed to think. By the time she reached the top of the hill, she was out of breath and suddenly wondering why she was so angry. Hadn't she practically forced Jim on Katie? Hadn't she been there when they had sex? If there was anyone to be angry with it was herself. None of this was Katie's fault. As quickly as the anger had come, it left, leaving Jenny mortified at what she had done. She turned and rushed back down the hill toward the house. 

When Jenny reached Katie's room she saw that the door was slightly opened. She peeked in and saw Katie packing a suitcase that was open on the bed. She was sobbing as she placed her clothes into the suitcase. 

Jenny quietly walked into the room. "Katie, what are you doing?" Jenny asked.

Katie didn't answer and kept packing.

Jenny walked over and put her arm around her friend and lover. She felt her tense. "Katie, I'm so sorry. I was totally out of line. Please don't leave."

"It's better if I leave," Katie said, fresh tears streaming down her cheeks. "If I stayed it would only be a matter of time before I ruined your relationship with Jim. I've messed everything up," Katie said and began to cry hysterically and fell to her knees on the floor.

"Oh God Katie, it's all my fault," Jenny said as she fell to her knees next to her friend pulling her sobbing body into her. "I was the one that let all this happen. I know you would never do anything to hurt me. Please, I want you to stay, we can work this out."

"How...how can we ever work this out? Jim will be furious at me. He will probably throw me out anyway. God what am I going to do?" 

"Come on up here," Jenny said as she pulled Katie to her feet then laid her on the bed, crawling next to her. "We're going to work it out. I care too much for you to let you go," Jenny said as she held Katie's face in her hand and kissed her tear-streaked cheeks. "Katie, I love you and I couldn't bare it if you left us."

Katie looked into Jenny's eyes and saw tears begin to run down her cheeks. "I love you too Jenny," Katie said. There was a long silence in the room as the two women searched each other's eyes. Then, almost at the same time, their lips moved toward one another. 

The two women kissed each other slowly and sensually for a long time. If felt so natural when Jenny reached up and unbuttoned Katie's blouse, letting her breasts free. Then Jenny kissed down Katie's neck and across the swell of her smooth breast. She held one breast in her hand and sucked on the other. When she heard Katie moan she smiled up at her and bit gently on the hard nipple. She could feel Katie's heart begin to beat wildly. Jenny sat up and stripped off her own shirt, leaving her breasts bare as well. She leaned over Katie and pressed her nipples to Katie's breasts. Their lips met again and both women moaned in pleasure. Each could feel the others heart beating in their chests. 

Then Katie sat up and pushed Jenny back and looked deeply into her eyes before she brought her mouth to her swollen nipples and repeated what Jenny had done for her. At the same time her hand dropped to Jenny's thigh just below the hem of her skirt. She heard her intake of breath as her hand slid up her thigh, pushing her legs apart. Katie wasn't surprised to find Jenny's bare pussy already wet. Two fingers slowly slid into her swollen lips. 

"Oh God Katie, let me eat you," Jenny pleaded.

"I have a better idea, let's do each other," Katie said and twisted around on the bed until her head lay on Jenny's thigh. Katie felt Jenny turn to her and pull her shorts down her thigh and throw them to the corner of the room. Both women began to kiss each other's smooth thighs, working their way toward their throbbing pussies. Within seconds, both women had their mouths on the other's pussy. 

The room was filled with moans and the sound of sucking mouths. Soon that was replaced with screams of pleasure as first Jenny then Katie began to climax. Within several minutes there were two exhausted women lying head to toe on the bed, their faces wet with each other's love juice. 

An hour later, Jenny and Katie sat next to each other on the living room sofa, an empty wine bottle on the table in front of them.

"Now, we have to figure out how to tell Jim about the addition to our little family," Jenny said as she took Katie's hand and brought it to her mouth for a kiss. 

"What do you think he'll do?" Katie asked with a worried look.

"I don't know but I think his reaction will be based a lot on how we act. I know that Jim wanted children with Sally very much. That's how they found out that she had cancer. He has said to me that he often regretted not having children earlier, before Sally got sick. I know that he loves kids. I've seen him look loving at families with small children."

"But will he love a child that he didn't really want?" Katie asked.

"I think he will love any child that was created in love. But the only way to find out is to tell him."

"That scares me."

"We don't have much choice, do we?" Jenny said. 

"You'll be there with me won't you?"

"Absolutely."

Chapter 2

Jenny and Katie decided that there was no easy way to tell Jim about Katie's pregnancy. They agreed that Jenny would bring up the subject of children to Jim to see his reaction. The fact that Jim had desperately wanted children with Sally was encouraging to both of them. If Jim reacted badly to the thought of children, Jenny would back off and they would try to find another way to tell him. 

The following evening Jenny and Katie made a nice dinner for Jim. After dinner Jenny took Jim out on the deck to enjoy the sunset. Katie made herself scarce but stayed close by. She would be the one to actually tell Jim if the timing was right.

"Where's Katie?" Jim asked. "She's missing a beautiful sunset.

"She said she would be out in a minute."

It was a perfect evening, with jut a slight chill in the air. Jim's house had a large back yard that overlooked a beautiful reservoir surrounded by trees that had changed from summer green to shades of yellow, gold and red. In the distance the laughter of children could be heard echoing across the water.

Jenny was snuggled next to Jim on the cushioned love seat. 

"Jim, do you ever think about being a father?" Jenny asked cautiously.

Jim sighed and hesitated before he answered. "God yes, every time I see a baby or even hear the kids across the lake. But it's really sad to think about it since Sally died. I know it's not logical but having kids and her death are all tied together in my mind."

Jenny saw a tear trickle down Jim's cheek and wasn't sure if she should continue or not.

Jim spoke again before Jenny said anything else. "We had this dream of this house filled with screaming kids. Now I don't know if it will ever happen. Jim paused. "Jenny, you know that I love you and I would love to have children with you someday if our relationship takes that course. But I also know that you are young and want a career before that happens. Then again, I don't even know if you want children."

"Yes, I want children someday. You're right, I do want a career but sometimes I think that I could have it all like a lot of women. It's something I need to think about."

"Well, when you decide, I'll be happy to help you out," Jim laughed.

"Happy to help out at what?" Katie said as she walked out of the house. 

"If I want children, Jim said he would be glad to help me have some," Jenny laughed. "Jim, you should talk to Katie, she wants lots of kids." 

"Really," Jim said, "that might be fun."

"Might be fun for you but I'd be the one getting fat," Katie said with a smile as she sat next to Jim. 

There was a long silence with only the far off laughter and the sounds of the crickets in the trees. 

Katie was still struggling with how to bring up the issue at hand when Jenny broke the ice. 

"Well, I guess it's time for the news," Jenny said looking at Katie.

"What news?" Jim asked.

"Jim, Katie has something she wants to tell you."

Jim saw the serious look on Jenny's face then turned to Katie who he saw was looking down at her hands. 

Katie's heart was thumping in her chest. This was it; there was no turning back. Katie took Jim's hand. "Jim...I'm...I'm pregnant with your baby."

Jim sat there with a confused look on his face. After a long silence he said, "You're kidding, this is some kind of joke between you two." He looked from Katie to Jenny and back to Katie again. He saw that neither of them was smiling.

"You are serious," he said almost to himself then looked directly at Katie. "You're really pregnant? And it's mine?"

"Yes," Katie whispered.

"Wow, I don't know what to say. I thought you were on the pill?"

"I am but it didn't work," Katie said.

Jim looked at Jenny and said, "You're not mad?"

"We've worked it all out. It was an accident. No one's to blame," Jenny said.

"Wow," Jim said and sat in stunned silence. Suddenly a smile lit up Jim's face. "I'm going to be a father," he said almost to himself. "I'm going to be a father," he said again and turned to Katie and hugged her. When he pulled away, tears were streaming down his cheeks. I'm going to be a father!"

Jenny and Katie were both smiling now. Jim's reaction was better then they could have hoped for.

Jim hugged Katie and Jenny to him his face was beaming. "We can turn one of the bedrooms into a nursery," he said excitedly. "I'll need to get a swing set for the lawn and a sand box. We'll need a crib."

"Settle down sweety," Jenny laughed, "we still have almost eight months."

Jim got serious again. "Katie, you know that I'll take care of you and the baby. Neither of you will ever want for anything."

This time it was Katie's turn to tear up. "Thank you Jim. I know you'll be the best father a kid ever had." Katie pulled Jim's lips to hers for a long slow kiss.

"Hey, don't leave me out," Jenny said and turned Jim to her. She matched Katie's passionate kiss.

"I could never leave you out," Jim said as he looked into Jenny's eyes. "I love you with all my heart." Jim kissed Jenny with even more passion. 

Katie reached over and ran her hand up Jim's thigh to the crotch of his jeans. Immediately she could feel his cock begin to harden. While Jim continued to kiss Jenny, Katie pulled his zipper down and brought out his now hard cock. She dropped her head and opened her mouth to suck him in.

Jenny heard Jim moan and looked down to see Katie sucking on Jim. "I guess some women get real horny when they get pregnant," Jenny said with a smile.

Jim barely heard her as Katie's mouth and tongue brought him great pleasure. Then he felt Jenny move. Now he had two pair of lips and tongues on his cock. His excitement was growing rapidly.

"Let's not get him off here, I need that cock inside me," Jenny said looking at her friend from the other side of Jim's pulsing cock.

"But I want it too," Katie pouted.

"I know what, let's have a little contest. Come on," Jenny said and pulled Jim and Katie to their feet. Both ladies grabbed Jim's cock and led him into the house and up the stairs.

"Okay, the contest is that Katie and I are going to sit on this hard cock and fuck it until it cums inside of one of us. Jim, you will be blindfolded so that you won't know who's pussy you come in. Then you have to guess whom you shot your juice into and if you're wrong, you have to eat the pussy that is filled with cum.

"Come on Jenny!" Jim pleaded.

"Sorry those are the rules or else Katie and I will just please each other and you can watch," Jenny giggled.

Jim didn't know if they were serious but he wasn't going to take the chance that they weren't. "All right, all right," Jim said, knowing that he had no choice.

"Okay, now strip and put the blindfold on then get in the middle of the bed. No touching now," Jenny warned.

When Jim was lying naked with his blindfold in place, Jenny and Katie stripped and crawled onto the bed. Without touching Jim they bent over him and took turns licking his throbbing cock. Then Jenny squatted over his cock and slowly lowered herself onto him, trying not to touch him anywhere else.

"Oh God," Jim moaned as an unknown pussy slid down his cock. He was surprised as he felt movement then a wet pussy pressed to his lips. Jim did his best to lick all over the pussy pressed to his lips in an attempt to identify who's it was. However, as much as he tried he couldn't tell which one was on his cock or face. 

After a few minutes he felt the warm pussy on his cock and the one on his lips move.

The girls giggled as they switched several times. Each time they felt Jim getting close they would pull off his cock until finally their own excitement got the best of them. Katie was on Jim's cock when she heard him moan into Jenny's pussy and push his cock up into her. Her own pussy began to spasm as she felt his cum squirt into her, coating her walls like a soothing balm. She couldn't moan so she bit her lips as her body shuddered in climax. 

Jenny was watching Katie as she took Jim's cum into her pussy when her own body began to shiver in climax. She pressed hard on Jim's mouth, stifling his moans of pleasure.

Both women fell off of Jim and moved away. They sat side by side on the bed and let Jim sit up and remove his blindfold. They kept their legs closed and their hands in their laps so Jim couldn't see which pussy he had cum in. 

"All right it's guess time," Jenny said to Jim.

Jim tried his best to figure out which women had taken his load but finally gave up and pointed to Jenny. He figured he had a 50/50 chance of getting it right.

Jenny smiled and shook her head. She slowly opened her legs.

Jim could see that he had guessed wrong. He groaned when he looked at Katie as she spread her legs open. It was obvious she had taken his cum. He watched Jenny push Katie back on the bed and lift her legs. Jim knew what he had to do as he went to his knees.

The truth was that Jim no longer minded eating his cum from a pussy. He found it very exciting to think that he had pleased this woman with his cock and now his tongue. He spread Katie's legs and looked at her sodden hole. He sighed and moved his tongue to the still swollen lips. 

Katie moaned and smiled at Jenny who watched the pair. She moved over next to Katie and pulled her close as the two watched Jim work on the very wet pussy. They could hear the sucking sounds as Jim used his mouth and tongue. Katie's body began to respond and she began to move her hips up at Jim's mouth. Soon another climax was roaring through her.

When her shaking stopped, Jim stood up and looked at Jenny who was still holding Katie. He moved next to her and brought his wet lips to hers. 

Jenny moaned as her mouth filled with the juice that Jim had extracted from Katie's pussy. 

Chapter 3

Several weeks later, Jenny came to Jim one evening and sat next to him on the sofa. She looked like she had something on her mind. "Jim sweety, can we talk?"

"Sure, what's wrong sweetheart?" he asked.

"Nothing really, it's just that I think Katie is getting a little lonely."

"Yes, I know," Jim said. He had guessed as much.

"I know that you care a great deal for her but she needs more."

"I hate to admit it, but I agree."

"I was thinking of setting up a date for her. What do you think?"

"As much as I like having two women taking care of me, I knew that it wouldn't last forever," Jim said with a little smile. "I can't control her life, even if I wanted to."

"I'm glad you agree. I'll work on something," Jenny said with a smile and kissed Jim. "Thanks."

The following Saturday night, Jenny had arranged for a friend to take Katie out. Jim acted like a father, worrying about where Katie was going and whom she was going with. Jenny wouldn't tell him either, saying he needed to quit worrying and that Katie was a big girl.

When the doorbell rang, Jim was astounded to see Rick standing on the porch. While he had never really met Rick, he had seen him and Jenny having sex at the party. Jim was furious with Jenny.

"How could you," he said to Jenny in anger after Katie and Rick had left.

"Settle down Jim. Rick is the nicest guy I know. He'll take good care of Katie."

"Yea, just like he took care of you," Jim said bitterly.

"Come on Jim, Rick and I had fun. He was a great lover, no more than that. I love you Jim," Jenny added and wrapped her arms around Jim's neck and tried to kiss him.

"Still he...he..." Jim tried to think of something bad to say about Rick but couldn't.

"You don't even know him. Come on, let's go upstairs and have some fun," Jenny said, pulling Jim toward the stairs. 

By the time the evening was over and Katie was home, Jim realized how silly he had been. Katie seemed so happy to have a chance to go out.

As the weeks went by Katie dated Rick often. Jim got time to talk to Rick on a number of occasions and found him to be a focused and responsible guy. Jenny's assertion that he wasn't the smartest guy she had ever met seemed to be an exaggeration. In fact, Rick was working on opening several exercise facilities across the state. He was having some difficulty arranging financing but it appeared to Jim that he had a pretty good plan.

Jenny had even convinced Jim to double date with Katie and Rick. While Jim was apprehensive, in the end, it turned out to be great fun. Jim would never have believed it, but he had begun to like Rick and thought he might be good for Katie. 

In fact, Jim's opinion of Rick went up even more after a conversation he had with Jenny.

"Does Rick know that Katie is pregnant?" Jim asked.

"Yep," she answered.

"Really, does he know that I'm...I'm the father?"

"Yes, he knows you're the father," Jenny said as if it was a silly question.

"How long has he known."

"Weeks."

"And it doesn't bother him?"

"Nope."

"Wow," Jim said, doubting that he would be as understanding.

"Pretty amazing huh? He really likes Katie. I think there is something developing there."

"I think I need to talk to him," Jim said. 

"Jim," Jenny said in exasperation.

"I know, I know, I would just like to know his intentions."

"Your not her father," Jenny said.

"But I am the father of the baby."

That comment stopped Jenny in her tracks. "All right, but please be careful."

Jim invited Rick to play golf Saturday afternoon. After Rick had beaten him soundly on the course they were sitting in the bar having a beer when Jim worked the conversation around to Katie.

"Katie's a wonderful kid isn't she?" Jim said.

"She is very special to me Jim. I've never met a woman quite like her. She has this unlimited capacity to love. I think she could be the one."

"Really? Jim said in amazement. "Rick, I know that you know...you know that uh...I'm..."

"Yea, I know that you're the father of her baby. Listen man, I've had a lot of women in my life. I sowed my wild oats and I've made plenty of mistakes. So I know how things happen. I love Katie but I know that she cares deeply for you and Jenny. I also know that she will make a great mom. Plenty of women would have just taken care of the 'problem', but not Katie. That's why I love her."
