 It had been a while since the last time I saw Bella. I really didn't know what was going on with her, honestly. Well, I had an idea what it was, but she knew my deal and really, aside from some amazing sex, we had nothing in common. I couldn't have a conversation with her to save my life. But the way she sucked my dick, well, it more than made up for lack of dialog when we spent time together. Perhaps that was starting to wear on her. I really couldn't say. All I knew for certain was that I called her a little over a week ago and hadn't heard from her since. 

A man can't live on internet porn and waiting for sex, even if the sex is amazing. So I started to be a little more aggressive in my daily interactions around town. I was horny and it was starting to show. I wasn't horny enough to hit up the bars, but I was horny, so I started hanging out more in the coffee shop downtown. It was far enough from the house to prevent me from running into neighbors and there were always hot women downtown.

It was while sitting there that I heard them talking about Craigslist. I knew you could buy shit on CL, but I hadn't spent much time there. The two girls at the table next to me were talking in hushed tones about using CL to hook up. So I decided a break from writing was in order and pointed my browser there and looked around.

Wanting to test the waters, I shot out a few responses. I most certainly wasn't going to send my pic, but I did think a clever little email that would give a little info about me and ask to hear more about them would suffice. After sending off a few responses, I grabbed my laptop and books and headed home.

In the 15 minutes it took to get home, I already had responses. The first three emails I sent out resulted in spam invitations to some web-dating site. It was kind of hard to track who responded to what the way CL worked it's posts. When you post there, the system assigns you an anonymous email forwarding address so the world doesn't get your secret identity. I quickly figured out that by looking in the body of the response, I could see my original email and the address assigned to it. I needed a tracking system, just to know which ones I'd responded to, and was thinking about that when I got my first reply from a human being.

Her name was Twila and her post was short and sweet. It said "im looking for a great time nsa. i like my men cleaned up and toned. im 5'7, 125 pounds with dirty blonde hair normally, but it's black today. im a b cup, so if that's what your looking for, im not it. im just looking for a one night stand. not looking for a relationship or a guy who is going to call after the night of fun to talk or hang out. tell me a little about you and send a pic. replies with no pic and only one line will be deleted."

I shot off a quick email. It read simply, "No one liner here, but I'm not including a pic either. I will, however, tell you a little about me. I'm 6'5, 260, short dark hair, an amazing smile, and I'd love to talk more. Shoot me something real and we can go form there... I might even throw in a pic."

Her response was short. She asked my age and what part of town I lived in. I shot one back then asked if she found anyone yet. She replied quickly, it seemed like less than a minute. All she asked was if I had a pic, so I sent her one and asked for a pic of her in return. 

Again, in less than a minute, I had a response with a picture of her. Like her other emails, this was short and sweet. It simply said, "im gonna go to the downtown starbucks on division. ill be there in 30 minutes and will wait 10. walk in, get a cup of coffee, and ill have a table. ill be watching you. if im still sitting there when you are done getting your coffee, im interested and if you come over ill tell you what to do from there. if not, better luck next time. dont waste my time."

I had to think. The Starbucks was 10 minutes away. I quickly stripped and hopped in the shower, soaped up my cock and washed it the good way, washed the rest of me, then made a mad dash for Starbucks. She was sitting at a table by the door and looked just like her picture. I looked at her, made eye contact, and got in line for my coffee. For good measure, I didn't look back. 

After the barista gave me my coffee, I turned around and she was still sitting there. I got a better look at her. She was cute. Not in a jaw dropping way, but kind of in a "take me seriously now that I'm an adult indy way". It was more attitude, I think, than anything. 

As I got closer, she sized me up then stood up herself. 

"So is that your Tahoe out there," she asked, looking at my SUV.

"Yeah," I responded, wondering what she was thinking.

"Let's go," she said, heading for the door. Once outside, she said, "I'm in the blue Prius. I'll follow you, but only if you go the speed limit."

"Where do you want me to take you?" I asked. The last few times I'd met women from the internet, it had been from personal ads and there had been interaction. This was strange and new ground for me.

"Wherever. Your place. A hotel. Just go."

So I went. And she followed me to my house. In hindsight, it probably wasn't the brightest thing to do, but I hadn't really thought it through. I was horny and thinking with my cock. I pulled in front of my house, hopped out of the Tahoe, and pointed to the driveway. She pulled in and as she got out of her car, I started wondering if this was the best idea. In some ways, it didn't matter. I was hard. But she looked so young. Her post said she was 19. But she looked so young.

She got out of her car and walked toward me. Just as I was trying to think of something to say to break the ice, she cut me off. "So look. I'm a little horny. I like it rough, but no marks and no hickeys. And I might get rough back. Just say something if you don't like what I do. I'll do the same. Oh, and I have condoms, but don't like them if I give head, so make sure you don't cum in my mouth, ok?"

I opened the door, not sure what to say, but decided if she wanted a little aggression, I'd give it to her. No sooner did I shut the door behind me than I grabbed her, turned her, and pushed her up against the wall, pinning her arms and shoulders to it. I started to kiss her neck roughly and greedily, my hands moving to the zipper of her coat, then to the buttons of her blouse. I didn't quite unbutton it as much as rip the blouse open, exposing her bra. I can't even say how, but her coat and blouse fell to the ground and her bra was shoved up over her tits as my mouth moved down her neck. She was moaning as my hands moved to her hips, then lower, under her little jean skirt. 

To my surprise, she wasn't wearing panties and was extremely wet. My left hand moved between her legs and my right slid up to find the zipper on her skirt. She moaned loudly as I ran my hand up over her mound, my middle finger sliding between her wet lips, pushing over her clit. I slid two fingers inside her as she stood there and began to thrust them in and out of her, each time my thumb roughly pushing over her clit and the skin surrounding it. There was nothing slow or gentle about it, I just shoved them in and out of her, watching her face, the movement of her lips as she moaned and made guttural sounds. Her hands were in my hair, grabbing and pulling on it. In less than a minute, she had her first orgasm.

"Fuckfuckfuck," she said, her voice somewhere between a growl and a moan. Her knees gave and she slid part way down the wall. I looked up and her face was contorted with pleasure, he mouth open, then her head went back and her pussy became drenched. 

"On your knees," I said, not missing a beat. She stepped out of her skirt and kneeled down, at first on all fours. "Face on the floor," I barked, and she immediately complied.

Starting at the top of her ass crack, I traced downward with my thumb, until it was at the opening of her pussy, then pushed it inside. She gasped slightly, then I pulled it out and kneeled down, pushing my tongue against her asshole, licking around it, over it, and pooling saliva over her hole before moving my mouth further down, using my teeth to gnash on her labia. As I gently bit her labia majora, I pushed my thumb into her asshole. She gave a slight yelp before pushing back against my thumb, and I bit and licked her pussy lips, pushing my tongue between them, as I fucked her asshole with my thumb. In short order, she came again, this time on my mouth. Her juices were sweet, almost like some kind of light candy, and she was shaking as I continued to lick her. 

"Condoms, where are they?" I demanded. She crawled over to her coat, reached into her pocket, and pulled out a box. She was almost paper thin. I usually like my girls with a little more meat on them, but so far things had been interesting. As she fetched the box, I unfastened my belt and pushed my jeans and boxers over my hips, my cock was already hard and the head was covered in precum. I stroked myself a few times while she watched, likely wondering what was next. "Kiss it," was all I said, standing on my knees.

She knelt down again, slowly kissing my cock. I put my hands on her head and pushed her down onto me. She got the idea and put her lips around my shaft and mouth over my cock. Her head was bobbing up and down over my cock when I came in her mouth. Simultaneously realizing she didn't want me to cum in her mouth. To her credit, she fought a slight gag, swallowed, and put her mouth back on my cock. I was surprised, as there was still a bit of cum oozing out, but I was too lost in pleasure to say anything. It was her choice, anyhow, so I let it be. In just a moment of her second round, my cock had gone from almost limp to solid again.

"Back on your knees," I said, a little softer this time. She complied and I opened the box of condoms she brought, unwrapping one and sliding it over my cock. I moved closer to her, my right hand holding her hip and my left on my cock, and rubbed my cock up and down between her lips, over her clit, to her asshole, then slid it inside. She started pushing back and forth, moving her body against my cock. As I slid in and out of her, my left hand moved to her hip as well and we slammed into each other. With each thrust, my balls slapped against her and she was becoming more wet. While she was tight, there was that sloshy noise that sometimes happens when you fuck hard. Usually, at least in my experiences, it was with women with bigger pussies. Not that they are bad, just a little more prone to make noise. 

As we fucked, she started moaning, almost shouting, then fell to her elbows. I pushed myself down onto her, forcing her to her belly, and continued to thrust in and out of her. She was yelling, pleasurably, as I did, and was extremely wet. I wasn't done, though, so I continued to pound in and out of her. It seemed like forever when I finally felt myself on the edge. I was holding her arms above her head when I came, loudly moaning, and collapsed on top of her, my condom wrapped cock still inside her.

When my cock lost its last remnants of hardness and slid out of her, I rolled onto my back. She laid next to me, breathing hard for a moment, then sat up, looked around, and gathered her skirt and blouse and straightened her bra. I hadn't really paid attention to the fact that it was still on. I didn't even bother taking it off.

As she got dressed, she looked at me and said, "I have a final tomorrow that I need to study for then I'm going home for Christmas. I don't want a date or anything, but this was fun. So keep my email. Use it sometime." 

She zipped up her skirt and I responded, "It was fun. Feel free to email me as well."

Stepping to the door, she opened it, turned to look at me, and said, "I will," then closed the door behind her.