 The rest of the evening and on into the early morning hours I had left with my sweet   princess Kaye were spent in luxuriant lovemaking and soft cuddling. We talked at   length, between sessions of simultaneous oral gratification, mutual masturbation and a   very kinky bubble bath about her marriage, her children, and life in general. She   confided to me that she deeply loved her husband, but his frequent trips away on   business, sometimes for weeks at a time, were very hard on her. By all accounts he was   an able lover, but in his absence she felt a great sense of loss and loneliness. I felt   deeply gratified to be allowed to "take up the slack" and meet her need for romance and   intimacy without  any feelings of ill will towards me by her spouse. Although their   relationship was unconventional, and not without its attendant difficulties, I knew that in   the morning she would return to him without hesitation. Our parting was made easier by   the fact that he had graciously assented to her spending one last night with me later on   in the week before I had to leave back to the States.

I spent the next few days playing tourist, including taking a trip to Australia Zoo, the   headquarters of the world famous Crocodile Hunter, Steve Irwin. While a nice   distraction, I was extremely happy when Friday morning rolled around. I picked up Red   at the airport at around 10:00 AM and we drove out to a beach rental that I  had   procured for a considerable savings owing to the fact that, although it was summer in   America, in Oz, it was the winter off season. I confess that my ardor for Red was in   nowise diminished from the previous week, and I could scarcely refrain from ripping her   clothes off the second we crossed the threshold of the little beach cottage. As we were   shortly to be joined by Kaye, we managed to abstain, and instead spent an hour or so   shopping for food provisions at a local market.

It should be patently obvious at this point what was in the works for the three of us.   Although we had cybered as a threesome, to great satisfaction, but not without   uncovering some jealousy issues that, thankfully we'd resolved, we were to be a bone   fide threesome this evening. The ramifications of this both excited and worried Red and   I. Of the three of us, only Red, an unabashed bisexual, had ever been in a ménage' a   tois before. I am hopelessly hetero, but Kaye had confided in me an interest in exploring 

three-way sex with myself and Red sometime back. Red and I discussed in great detail   how best to proceed with this kinky experiment, and came to a consensus that we would   let Kaye set the pace at which it would proceed. Nevertheless, both of us were keenly   eager to make love to her in whatever manner tickled her fancy, and the waiting was   excruciating.

Shortly before noon Kaye arrived, beaming with excitement to see us. Hugs and   tentative kisses were shared all around as we helped her bring her belongings indoors.   Rather than getting right down to it, we shared a light lunch and spent the unseasonably   warm day splashing about in the surf and exploring the tide pools nearby. As the   shadows grew longer, and the day grew colder, we headed back to the rental. I have   never felt more like a man than I did with a beautiful, and willing, woman under each   arm that evening. The arousal amongst us was palpable, and shared by each of us.

Having become somewhat sandy and salty from the onshore breeze blowing a fine mist   of ionized sea air upon us for a good portion of the time, I announced my intention of   grabbing a quick shower. I disrobed in the entry way, as not to track sand throughout the   premises, but moved quickly to the bathroom to avoid any "shrinkage" comments. 

My jeans had gotten quite wet and my package, in self defense, had tightened up like a   ball of yarn. As to length, under ideal conditions, and at full erection, I felt adequate at   an average six inches, taking deep satisfaction in the fact that the girth of my tool was   quite thick. As I stepped out of my jeans however, it was as if my mojo was on vacation,   and I made a hasty retreat to the heat lamp warmed bathing area.

I had just stepped into the most wonderfully warm torrent of spray, when I heard the   padding of bare feet on the stone tiled floor behind the curtain. Before I could   investigate, the curtain was drawn back and my two lovers stepped into the shower in   their birthday suits. Kaye approached me first and we shared a loving, lingering kiss as   the water cascaded over each and every one of our mutual curves. Disengaging from   the kiss I turned Kaye around and began massaging her shoulders, while gazing intently   at Red. My hands encircled Kaye's waist and my fingertips began to tease her nipples, 

greatly arousing Red by the flush of her face and breasts. I smiled and blew a kiss to   her, then kissing Kaye's neck I said in a low, lusty voice,  "Isn't Kaye lovely, Sweetheart?"

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssss, Gorgeous.", She answered, her voice dripping with   desire. My manhood asserted itself against the small of Kaye's back as Red stepped   close, almost nipple to nipple with her. My hands were again massaging Kaye's   shoulders and neck sensuously. As their bodies touched lightly, a low moan of pleasure   escaped Kaye's lips.

"Sweetheart, my hands are somewhat occupied at the moment. Perhaps you could help   me by washing our sweet playmate for me."  Red cocked an eyebrow and smiled, "Would you like that Kaye? Would you like my   hands to wash your lovely breasts?"

"Oh yesssss please..." Kaye managed, her respiration visually and audibly increasing.

Taking the soap, Red lathered up and gently cupped both of Kaye's large breasts with   her soft hands. Kaye shuddered with delight as Red fondled and kneaded her melons   with the tenderness that only another woman is capable of. As she began soaping up   Kaye's soft belly, Red leaned in and gently brushed her lips against hers.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Godddddddddddddddddddd...", Kaye gasped. Red's hand   slipped lower and began gently stroking Kaye's mound, caressing her lips again with a   light flick of her tongue.

"You can touch me if you want to Kaye..." Red intoned lightly, as if perceiving the other   woman's desire yet apprehension about crossing that threshold.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhgoddddddddddd....", Kaye moaned, her hand coming up shakily towards   Red's juicy tits. Taking her hand in hers, Red pulled it softly onto her breast and held it   there.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, that feels wonderful, Kaye. Do you like it?" Red   asked; her demeanor supportive and empathetic.  "Ohhhhh yessssssssssss...", Kaye confessed as she began gently squeezing the breast   that was not her own, yet within her hand.

Red leaned in and kissed her lightly again as her fingers found Kaye's slit.  "Ohhhhhhhhh Mac, she's so wet....", Red whispered. I continued to rub Kaye's back as I   leaned in kissed her shoulder. Kaye's legs opened to accommodate Red's light   masturbation of her and she took Red's pussy in hand in return.  "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," groaned Red, "Oh yes, sweetie, that is lovely." 

Kaye began fingering Red deeply, probing her vagina with first one, then two, then   three fingers. Red shuddered as she leaned upon Kaye and in a shaky voice uttered,   "Ohmygod... you are making me so hot, Kaye. Can you feel it? How wet I am for you?   How my pussy is longing for your touch? How does it feel to be fingering my pussy,   while I finger yours, Kaye? Our tits rubbing against each other?" The sensuality and   seductiveness of Red's words were not lost on me. I was feeling it, and I wasn't even   touching her.

"Kiss me again, and I'll show you...", Kaye returned, her voice thick with arousal,   leaning close to Red's luscious mouth.  "Oh yes, baby, " Red enjoined, as she and Kaye shared a passionately deep French kiss.  As the kiss ended, Red sweetly turned Kaye to face me and began washing the short   blonde hair of the deeply horny woman. 

"Mac will have to rinse you, sweetie. " Red informed her teasingly. "Besides, somebody   needs to wash him, because he looks like he's too distracted to do it himself."

Kaye giggled as she groped my scrotum, feeling the weight of my balls.   "I think he's missed a spot...", she teased, and began to masturbate me, her hands   slippery with the soap. 

"Unnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I groaned as my left hand cupped her breast, rolling   her nipple between my fingers. Red, in the meantime, let her lathered hands wander   down Kaye's back, and was fondling her ass when she announced, "I think you missed a   spot too, Kaye."

Kaye leaned against me for support as her knees buckled, one hand clutched to my   lingam, her other arm encircling me for support. Looking down I saw Red with her   fingers buried between Kaye's buttocks, her hand gently massaging Kaye's anus.  "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...", she moaned as my   arms  encircled her, holding her up.

"All clean now, time to rinse...", Red declared playfully, and I yielded my spot under the   showerhead to Kaye, who looked stunningly sensual as she let the water cascade over   her comely form, the soap suds sliding off her body in a way that accentuated her every   curve  nicely.

Red and I took turns soaping and rinsing each other. Kaye watched with interest, before   asking," Red, have you ever been shaved?"  Red smiled, "Many times. You?"  Kaye returned her smile, "Yes." A slight blush came over her, and her eyes diverted   demurely. Sensing where this was leading, Red asked, "Would you like me to shave   your pussy for you? I'll let you shave mine..."  "Sounds good to me...", Kaye answered shyly with the cutest little sheepish grin.  "Then we can shave Mister lover man here...", Red postulated jokingly.

I'd shaved my own pubes before with electric clippers, but never with a razor. I had to   admit, scared though I was at the prospect of a botched job, it was an exquisitely erotic   idea.

"It'll be a first for me...", I admitted, "but I'm game if you are..."  "Ooooh, a taker...my, my, my, won't this be fun?", Red chuckled. "Shall we?"

I turned off the water, and we toweled quickly, save of course for our respective genitalia.  Kaye was first up, and she sat herself against the mirror, atop the counter. Red asked for   me to lather her up, which I did playfully while Red filled the washbasin with warm   water. 

Taking a safety razor with a brand new cartridge, Red kneeled between Kaye's widely   spread legs and began to slowly and carefully remove all traces of Kaye's tiny wedge of   bush. Kaye moaned softly as her mound became smooth as a newborn's bottom under   the able hands of the beautiful redhead. When she was finished, Red took a warmed   washcloth and gently removed every bit of shaving cream left behind from Kaye's pubis   mons. Taking up a hand mirror, she showed Kaye her handiwork and asked, "You like?"

"Very nice," came Kaye's reply, her voice heavy with arousal.  "You look so fresh and clean," Red observed as she moved closer to Kaye's now   glistening slit, her breath hot on the other woman's sexual architecture.   "I can see you are turned on, Kaye...," she continued, "I'm thinking you would like me to   lick it..."

Kaye's breathing increased, and she began playing with her nipples slowly, looking   down at Red between her legs, her mouth mere inches from her snatch, but she didn't   say a word.

"Mmmmmmmmmm," Red continued seductively," I love the smell of clean pussy. I'd love   to be the first woman to go down on you Kaye. Would you like that?"  Kaye's breathing became deeper and she nodded her head as she looked deep into the   other woman's eyes. Red returned her smile, and keeping her eyes locked on Kaye's,   gave her slit a long, sensuous lick.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....", Kaye gasped, her head arching back, eyes closed. 

Red began flicking her tongue as Kaye's labia engorged with blood and began to   spread, exposing her vaginal opening. Ever so gently, Red licked and kissed Kaye's twat   again, and again, and again. Then she stopped, looking deep within the other woman's   eyes."Mmmmmmmm, you taste so good," Red said lustfully, "More?"

Kaye's eyes grew wide as she mouthed a yes, and Red moved in for the kill. Opening   her mouth wide she drove her tongue deep into the sexually curious blonde's cunt, her   lips sucking the young housewife's clit deep into her mouth as she began to suck and   lick and suck and lick and tongue it expertly. I watched with utter fascination, my hand   lightly stroking my cock, as Kaye began rocking her hips and groaning with   pre-orgasmic delight. Red shifted her position so that her oral technique favored Kaye's   clit; her head bobbing up and down as if she were giving head.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhgoddddddddddddddddd," Kaye gasped again, "Gonna   cum! Gonna cum! Gonna CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM,   OHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!", Kaye exclaimed as she   grabbed Red's head and pulled her devouring mouth hard against her pussy, drenching   her with a warm torrent of juice and female ejaculate that flowed down her chin and   dribbled onto her breasts. Red greedily lapped it up, moaning softly in approval.  Tenderly Kaye ran her hands through Red's still somewhat damp hair, as the women   shared a deep and meaningful glance.

"Ohmygod...that was so amazing..." Kaye sighed.  "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm hmmmmmmmmmmm.", Red murmured, spying me softly   stroking myself, eyes wide with admiration.

"Let me do that for you, Gorgeous...", my auburn tressed playmate purred.   I readily complied and she stroked me lovingly for several minutes until Kaye insisted   that it was Red's turn to be shaved. Both women traded places and once again I drew   lathering duties.  Upon completion of shaving Red, Kaye gently de-lathered  my sweetheart's pubic mons   and shyly gave Red's dripping snatch a small lick.

"Ohhhhhhh fuccckkkkk...", Red moaned, as Kaye, turned on by the sights, tastes and   smells of Red's pussy, opened her mouth wide and drove her hot pink tongue deep into   the other woman's vagina. Kaye moaned with pleasure as she lapped up Red's juices.   Red, for her part, let go of my shaft and ran both hands into Kaye's hair, pulling her tight   against her well lubricated love vault. It was Red's turn to begin heavy breathing. Her   tits began to rise and fall heavily as her eyes rolled back into her head and then closed   in ecstasy.  "Ohhhhh yessssss....", she gasped, "Oh FUCK YES, Kaye....", she whispered.

Kaye slowly and deliberately devoured each and every inch of the other woman's most   private pleasure zones; lapping at her labia, flicking her tongue over her clit as she   kissed and sucked it.

"Ohmygoddddddd, Kaye.... yes baby right there, ohhhhhhhhh shitttttt....yes baby, suck   it... I'm so close.... I'm soooooo close. Don't stop Kaye...." she begged, her hips rocking   up and down, humping the short haired blonde's face with increasing intensity.  "Mmmmmmmmmmm yesssssssssss," enjoined Kaye, "I want you to cum for me Red... I   love the taste of your pussy... I want to taste your sweet cum; the cum of a beautiful   woman. Give it to me. Mmmmmmmmmmm...."

Kaye's technique localized over the other woman's swollen clitoris with renewed   abandon, and the sweet sounds of lips smacking, of slurping and kissing echoed off the   walls of the bathroom; along with Red's orgiastic gurgles of pleasure.  "Ohhhhh fuckkkkkkkkkkk! Suck it, Kaye. Suck it! SUCK IT! OMYGODDDDDDD I'M   CUMMINGGGGGGGGGGG!" she cried, as her world exploded in wave after wave of   orgasm.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!",   exclaimed Kaye as she succumbed to another massive climax, due to her frenetic   stroking of her own clit while kneeling between the other woman's knees. This was too   much for me to bear any longer and I began pounding my cock furiously. Seeing me   thus, Kaye turned and fell upon my swollen penis with an open mouth, sucking it hard   and fast.

"Ohhhhhhhhh Princess....", I groaned, "Pull off baby, I'm gonna cum!!!!"  Kaye is not fond of mouthing a hot load of cum and I was sensitive to that fact. For this   reason I strained to control myself long enough to give her ample warning of my   imminent ejaculation; but she sucked all the harder. I fought for control, groaning loudly   as I tried to hold out for her, imploring her to disengage so I could in good conscience   cum freely.

"Sweeeetiiiieeee aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!   OH GOD BABY I'M CU..."  I sputtered, as at the last possible second, she released my   cock and pumped my warm ejaculate all over her tits and face. My knees buckled with   each spurt of silky semen and I leaned heavily against the counter. My head swam as   my brain was bathed in a post coital chemical cascade and I began to slump to the   bathroom floor. Through half closed eyes I watched Red gather Kaye in her arms and   slowly lick every drop of my jism from the Princess' pearl jammed face and tits. 

Temporarily lost in the reverie of the moment, Kaye came back to herself with a giggle   and said, "Uh oh... I think we've worn him out, Red... Help me get him to the bedroom."  They both chuckled as they moved me, one under each arm as I made my way on   wobbly legs to the bed. Laying me down, I heard Red ask Kaye to fetch a towel, a bowl   of warm water, and the shaving kit.  "That's right," came Kaye's response in her lovely sing song lilt, "Its his turn to be   shaved..."

For the moment, I was caught up in the afterglow of one of the best orgasms I'd ever   experienced in my entire life. I literally could not open my eyes. I just lay there, semi   comatose as I the two women "prepped" me. I felt two sets of hands gently washing me,   and heard Red ask Kay to lather up my pubes and balls. The cream was cold and tingly   as she sensuously worked it around the appropriate area. I felt the body heat of a lovely   female form sidle up along side me as Red whispered in my ear.  "Alright, baby, " she intoned gently, "hold very still..."

The optical sensory deprivation I was experiencing made the sensation of being shaved   that much more intense. As the job progressed, Red asked Kay to manipulate my penis   and scrotum this way and that so that she could shave over, around and under them.   When it was over, I felt a warm washcloth gently wipe away the remaining lather from   my private parts, and moaned softly.

The next thing I knew I had two women laying nude across my equally naked body   kissing me, tonguing my nipples, fondling my crotch and I began to fade out into a sex   induced stupor.  "There, there, baby, ", my sweet princess purred in my ear, "You just rest up a bit while   Red and I fix tea."  I was out in seconds.