 I had arrived in Queensland the night before, dog tired and in need of a shower. After several days in Australia, I was still a bit lagged by the time difference, but had been otherwise distracted since my arrival in the land Downunder. Downunder what?

I mused. What if we only call the north pole north out of convenience? Who is to say that Oz couldn't have been the northern most continent had Euro centric navigators not determined otherwise? I'd showered, and dressed simply, hooking up the laptop I'd brought along as part communications device, part DVD player for the long trip. Logging on to the hotel's ISP service, I quickly found the person that I had come to the east coast to see. 

Since first meeting my sweet friend, the friendship had been wild and mild and very unorthodox. I have two friends in Australia, that I am very fond of, and much to my horror and eventual delight, they became mutually aware of each other, and beyond my hopes, friends. Many was the night we would form a trio to play pool on yahoo, or just hang out. Memories of my time spent with my other friend brought a smile to my face, however they quickly took their proper place as I found myself looking at the lovely woman on my screen. I have a rule, well several, that both women have accepted, quite to my surprise, and the main one is that I don't get exclusive online. The reasons for this are varied and complicated, however the fact of the matter was, that barring occasional, and usually very forgettable dalliances with others, I was in a relationship which up until the last week was a cyber daters dream. Oh not that it had taken a turn for the worse, but rather I'd come to Australia to put the pain of a bad marriage behind me, and seek solace in the arms of my two close confidantes. 

It is difficult to explain to the person not in a trio the reality of feeling affection for two people, on similar levels, and then on completely different ones. It wasn't a perfect arrangement, but for us it worked, largely because we were determined that it should. There was no betrayal of the other partner in my choosing to devote time to one or the other, but rather a respect for the fact that when with each, I would hold nothing back.

I won't belabor the point about the emotional bond, oh it was there on some levels, but none of us confused it with love. And yet, as I looked at her face, her soft smile, her shy mannerisms that belied the passions that I knew existed under the surface, seeing her look into the camera, with those eyes that make my insides twist deliciously, I felt the very real affection, such as it was, begin to warm my heart.

Kaye, is for all the frustration and tiredness that life as a wife and mother can bring, a very sweet lady. She has the loveliest soft accent. Incredibly, she and her husband have a quite open arrangement regarding cyber romance. I was in no ways intruding, or home wrecking. I sincerely appreciated her husband's allowing me to spend wonderfully erotic moments with his wife. Of course, he had the benefit of sometimes being able to extinguish the fires that I sometimes built within her, so perhaps that's why he permitted such indulgence. As I sat before the computer, I spoke into the mic. We chatted about my trip, about our mutual friend a bit, and then got down to business.

"Your sure this is okay with hubby?" I asked, not entirely sure that I wanted to hear the answer. If she said no, well, damn, would I do the stand up thing, or not? Not wanting to piss anyone off or create problems, I was willing to become a tourist for a day or so, but...

"Yes he's fine with it. I'm sooooo glad you're here baby."

"Make sure you show him some appreciation for this baby..." I said, a suggestive tone in my voice.

"Oh, he's been fully compensated already baby," she purred with a slight grin.

"Lucky man, " I returned.

"Oh, by this time tomorrow, baby, you'll be a very lucky man, I'd wager."

she said with a twinkle in her eye. I could barely breathe. Now to understand my infatuation, you must know that Kaye is a very different kind of beauty. She is a real woman, not one of these pasty, pencil thin namby pamby so called super models. I wouldn't give a second thought about one of them. To say she has an inner beauty, that comes from her heart, would be to lead one to think that she's just a girl with personality. She's not. She has the loveliest eyes, cute nose, fantastic mouth, and spunky short blonde hair. As far as the rest of her goes, I couldn't be happier. Her breasts drive me crazy. We're not talking Dolly Parton here, but her breasts are very sensual and full. She is curvy. But, unlike some men, I like curvy women. As for her equipment, she has the sweetest little bit of bush and a pussy that is tight and perfectly proportioned. Many is the early morning when we've shared delicious masturbatory sessions online, and the sight of her pleasuring herself has driven me to ejaculatory delights I had never imagined. Being able to hear me and my being able to see and hear her drives both of us crazy. But tomorrow would be for real. And my head was spinning.

"Oh baby, I wish I didn't have to wait until then..." I answered, my voice husky with desire.

"I know," she answered demurely," but its late and I want you rested for me..."

Those eyes again. My desire only grew looking at her.

"I know baby, I know... but you're so close, and for once, I've caught you at a good time of night... I really want you bad..."

Looking around to see that all were asleep, she smiled.

"No reason why we can't have some fun..." she teased.

Settling back in my chair, I moved the mic a little closer. 

"Baby, tomorrow I'm going to repay you for all the times you have done this for me..."

She smiled as her hands began to play about her breasts, teasing her nipples through her silky nighty.

"You know I love to do it baby..." she said, "I love hearing you cum."

She began to undo her top. My erection was instantaneous.

"Oh yes baby, oh I want to see your breasts.

She smiled and pulled off her nighty in a smooth, sensual motion.

My breath sucked through my teeth with an audible hiss as I watched her tweak her lovely nubs. 

"I'm taking off my clothes baby"... I told her, for no apparent reason, but she smiled.

"I can't wait to see you naked baby," she said, cupping her breasts, fondling them.

I grabbed some lotion and began stroking my straining cock.

"Ohhhhh baby, I'm stroking here watching you..."

Now, some people may find that a bit corny, but when you have a woman who is on cam

and you are on mic, you'd be surprised at how turned on they can become when they know that what they are doing is turning you on.

"MMmmmmmmmmmmmm..." she sighed, as I watched her hand descend into her panties. I could see her slowly stroking her clit through the satin.

"Oh baby... please let me watch you..."

She smiled mischievously, arching an eyebrow as she stood up and dropped her panties to the floor, then positioned the cam so I could see her pussy, her breasts and her face as she began to masturbate with enthusiasm. As she fingered herself I groaned with arousal, my hand stroking my hard cock. Stroking, stroking, stroking. Hearing my vocalizations, she increased her stroking, no longer fingering her pussy, but wholeheartedly abusing her clit in up and down strokes followed by frenetic circular groping. Her hips began to grind as her other hand stroked her tits. I became more and more vocal as I began to get closer and closer to cumming. Because she has a headset, my cries of passion were crystal clear to her, and as her moaning became more pronounced, I urged her on.

"Ohhhhhhhh baby, yes that's so hot. Stroke it baby, stroke that clit for me, oohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, I'm so close baby... I'm gonna cum for you..."

I saw with delight her jacking off increase exponentially, as she began to make little gasps of pre orgasm...

"Oh yes baby," she encouraged me, "cum for me. I want to hear you cum baby. Cum for me..."

There are no sweeter words that she could have uttered. I have a bit of a sub fetish when it comes to cyber. Oh I'm not into the BDSM stuff, but I try to hold out as long as I can, and love it when a woman says to cum.

My strokes got faster and faster... my stamina was amazing even me, I groaned with exertion, moaned and cried out, "ssssssssooooo close, ahh, ahhhh, ahhhh, ahhhh, ahhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh...."

"Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried, her pelvis tilting as she came, and came hard.

"Aahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

I cried while pumping my load out in huge gushes of hot silky semen onto my hands and belly.

Hearing my orgasm, she came again, and sweetly slowed her stroking, now drawing her fingers through her sloppy, happy labia. To my delight I saw her opened lips glistening with her own cum. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...." she moaned, catching her breath, and repositioning the cam so I could see her lovely face.

"That was fantastic... Feel better baby?"

What a question. She knew the answer. I'd been grunting like a rutting stag as I pounded my cock, fucking my fist with abandon until I blew my wad calling her name out loud.

"Ohhhhhhhhh baby, oh yes." I panted. "I'm going to sleep sooooo good tonight."

She leaned close to the camera, 

"Good, because you're going to need your rest... I'll see you in the morning baby."

"Mmmmmmmm... I can't wait. " I said, feeling the wonderfully sedating effects of my massive orgasm.

She blew me a kiss and we closed out the session. I cleaned up, and slept like a king.

The next morning, I rose, showered, shaved my head and face, save for my goatee, and ate in the hotel restaurant for breakfast. I was famished. I smiled as I thought about why... 

After my meal, I returned to my room and brushed my teeth. I put on some cologne

and noted, with satisfaction, that in my absence the bed had been tidied up. I sat down to watch some TV as I awaited her arrival, but I didn't have long to wait.

I fairly jumped when the sound of someone knocking at the door shattered the quiet of my thoughts. I was dressed in jeans and a lycra t shirt, and it revealed my chest and build quite nicely, I thought. I opened the door and there she was. She was wearing jeans and a nice t as well. I swept her into the room and put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door. We fell to kissing immediately, our hands swarming over each other. She backed me onto the bed and fairly overwhelmed me with her passion. When I could catch my breath I smiled and said, "Easy Sweetie, we have plenty of time."

She smiled, 

"I know, but I want you sooo bad." 

"I want you too baby, but maybe you'd like to get more comfortable?" I suggested.

She smiled again, "I know what you want..." she said, grabbed her bag and went into the bathroom to change.

Quickly I took off my clothes and put on a pair of silk pajama bottoms. 

"Ta da..." she said playfully as she emerged wearing a very sexy red nighty that I'd only seen in pictures. Her breasts delightfully evident and flattered by the garment, and matching red panties.

"Very nice..." I said with understated enthusiasm, as my evident arousal began to protrude the front of my silk bottoms.

"Oooh I like those," she said, coming over to me and giving me a long, slow deep kiss.

Her hand descended to my bulge and stroked it softly.

"MMMMMMMMMmmm...." she exclaimed softly," I've wanted to do that for soooo long."

My hands went around her waist and I felt her breasts through the silky nighty as they were pressed against my hairy chest. My hands came to rest on her ass, as I pulled her hot crotch close to mine and kissed her again.

Gently I led her to the bed and pulled back the covers. Sliding in next to her, I whispered in her ear...

"Baby, lets take it slow and enjoy our first time together..." 

She smiled that wonderfully sexy smile, and began to kiss me gently, softly.

Our lips meeting in soft caress, mouths opening slightly, tongues darting, until they made contact and our senses exploded in the way that only a passionate French kiss can do. Her hands were stroking my back, and my neck, while mine were rubbing her back between her shoulders and my other hand caressed her ass and thigh. We kissed like that for many moments, then my mouth went to her neck. She moaned slightly as I gnawed my way softly up to her earlobe, my hot moist breath on her neck; my tongue flicking lightly as my hand came up slowly to fondle her lovely breast. 

"MMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmm..." I intoned. Feeling her under my hand was incredible. How often I'd wanted these breasts. My mouth found her chest, her cleavage, as I exposed her left tit and began to suckle.

"Oohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." she sighed as she stroked my smooth head and slid closer to me. My other hand came up and began fondling her other breast, rolling her nub between my thumb and index finger...

"Ohhhhhhh yessssssss baby........." her voice was getting husky from arousal, as she ran her fingernails lightly across my back....

I sucked harder and bit by bit her nipple distended into my hot, moist mouth, deeper and deeper, my tongue lashing it, my incisors biting; not to the point of pain, but to that blissful point between pain and pleasure...

"Oh God, yessssssssss..." she moaned.

My right hand came up to her inner right thigh, stroking it sweetly. Her body began to writhe and I could smell the sweet pungent odor of musk and wet satin as her pussy began to lubricate. I moved my hand up to her smoldering box, and gently moved her panties to the side.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... yes, yes, yes..." was all she could manage as I sucked her tit and buried my middle finger into her secret garden.

Her hips began rocking as I slowly finger fucked her, switching my mouth to her other breast and exacting the same sweet payment from it. Involuntarily her hand slid down to her clit and she began rubbing it. This turned me on to no end, and I pulled her panties down and off. My mouth descended on her mound, my tongue burrowing deep into her sodden folds, tasting her sweet nectar as I began wholesale mouth fucking her clit. 

She moaned, she groaned and her hands came sweetly to rest on my shaved pate as my tongue lashed her clit. I ran it across the tip of her urethra, tasting her salty sweetness.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh baby, I want your cock. Sixty nine me please...." she begged.

Now, this was something that I had hoped for, but not planned on insisting on. I was happy that her arousal was such that she would want me that badly, and I complied, straddling her face with my legs as she pulled down my bottoms and devoured my cock.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, " I uttered involuntarily, waves of ecstasy coursing through my body, as she licked and sucked me. My oral ministrations continued without mercy now.

I sucked her whole labia and clitoris into my mouth, swallowing and swallowing until I could feel her swollen lips at the back of my mouth and I began sucking hard. I swallowed her juices as they flowed from her wet snatch like a sensual wine, and her clit grew longer and harder. Her sucking of me stopped altogether and she grabbed my ass in a death grip as I began giving head to her, her clit going in and out, and in and out of my mouth. The vibrations of the friction over stimulating her little member as I sucked and sucked and sucked and licked and sucked it . Her hips were thrusting to meet my sucking and her nails bit hard into my ass cheeks. I went on and on, her groans getting louder, her cries higher, her breathing faster as I sucked her and sucked her until she came with a loud cry 

"Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Goddddddddddddddddd... Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she screamed and then with a deep gasp had another orgasm. Seizing the moment, I reversed positions and impaled her on my hard cock, fucking her hard. 

"Yes baby yes..." she cried, as I pounded her pussy with abandon. I couldn't hold out much longer. Its not that I don't have stamina, I do, but I was so turned on by her climax that I was ready for my own.

"Cum on baby, yes fuck me, oh God, yes, fuck me baby, fuck me!" she demanded greedily, as she recognized the sounds of my impending orgasm.

"Yes baby, cum for me, I want to feel you cumming inside me baby, cum for me baby" she repeated like some kind of sexual mantra. It had its effect.

"Ahhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

I cried as I thrust deep, my back arched, my arms burning from exertion, abs tight from the workout and blew my wad deep in her pussy with thunderous effect; each ejaculation punctuated by a hard, deep thrust. I cried out her name repeatedly, then collapsed upon her in a sweaty heap. Our mouths found each other once again as we rolled sideways into the scissors position, our genitals locked in sweet embrace. We kissed, and languidly stroked each other as I continued to softly thrust. Our arms crushed each other into a tight embrace as we caressed each other sweetly.

After a much needed nap, I awoke to the feeling of her hands gently caressing my body; fingers running through the hair of my chest, teasing my nipples.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm..." I murmured, involuntarily stretching and turning to the lovely form of my sweet playmate. She was laying languidly beside me, watching me with contended eyes.

"Welcome back, sleepy head," she whispered softly in that wonderfully sing song accent of hers. She had removed the nighty and in the soft light of the room that came through the drawn shades her nude body was effused with a golden glow. I rolled over onto her, my re-awakening cock superimposed onto her lovely clit, and I made small grinding motions with it as I leaned down to kiss her softly.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh..." she moaned as my hard phallus exerted sweet pressure on her mound; her eyes closed as she tilted her back to bring her own grinding hips up to meet mine.

"That is lovely," she said in a husky, half whisper.

I bent low over her and gently kissed her neck, nibbling my way back to her earlobe again. Her body tensed and she sucked her breath in through clenched teeth; respiration increasing as I continued to grind our hips together in small thrusting motions. My balls gently spanked her labia and she began to squirm. I took her soft lobe between my incisors and bit down again as I ground my cock over her clit with increasing intensity.

"No..." she protested. "Ohmygodddd I can't..." she moaned as I began sucking her earlobe in earnest. She gasped out my name as she protested further, but the fact that she was enthusiastically humping my shaft, now slick with her juices from head to scrotum convinced me to ignore her pleas for mercy. Her head forced my mouth away, but in the process exposed her other earlobe, which I attacked with equal ferocity. She began slapping my arms as she succumbed to an unintelligible, guttural orgasm; her body shuddering... 

I wasn't finished with her yet, and pinned her left arm under my right shoulder, reaching under her to grab her right hand in mine. For what was to come, experience had taught me to leave no hands free to slap the shit out of me in the process. Reaching into the pillow case with my left hand I produced a cock ring that I had hidden there for just this eventuality and slipped it onto my rod easily, courtesy of Kaye's generous lubrication. It was a wonderfully soft gel ring with hundreds of labia tickling studs and a large clit stimulator. 

Being thus immobilized, and driven to an orgasmic frenzy, she began begging me to let her go, saying in a tortured, almost whimpering, voice, that it was too much as I again mounted her mound with my cock, penis to clit, humping with a frenetic pace as I gave no quarter and my incisors found her soft fleshy lobe once more. Though she was begging to be released, her humping of my member was as frantic as mine of hers and she suddenly squealed another gasping "Ohhhhhmyyyyyygoddddddddddddddddd!!!!!"
