 I don't know how long I slept, but when I awoke it was to the smells of wine sautéed scampi, and pasta with marinara sauce. Sniffing lightly, I also detected the smell of freshly chopped bell peppers and avocado, which I knew were part of the fresh salad ingredients I'd bought while shopping with Red earlier. What caught my attention next was far more alluring, not to mention surprising.

I walked into the kitchen quietly, clad in sweat bottoms and a t-shirt. From the kitchen counter I could see the large sliding glass door overlooking the rental's beach front deck. Between myself and the living room, however was a large, overstuffed couch, from which I heard two distinctly differing low moans. I saw the top of Red's head bob up briefly and then settle again to another deeply erotic vocalization. Softly, I tiptoed to a chair set off at an angle from the couch that made it possible for me to see what was transpiring without attracting too much attention. Settling down as quietly as possible, I observed Red mounted between Kaye's thighs, gently fucking the shorthaired blonde housewife with a flesh toned strap-on dildo. Kaye and she were lip locked, that much was evident , but Red's long auburn hair hid me from view.

Kaye's legs were wrapped around Red's waist and she was fondling Red's left breast with her right hand while her left gently ran through the hair at the nape of my sweethearts neck. I could hear the soft sounds of country music coming from the boom box that Kaye had brought and I wondered, bemusedly, what George Strait would think of all of this.

Red's head dipped lower as Kaye offered her a nipple to suck and Kaye sighed loudly; her hips rocking softly with Red's thrusts of the strap-on, her head lolling to one side. Her eyes opened slightly and we made visual contact. I motioned her to silence with a finger to my lips. She smiled sweetly, even as her body rolled in unison with Red's and she nodded slightly to indicate she understood.

"Ohhhhhhhh baby, yesssssssssss...", she murmured. "Deeper... Ohhh fuck yes, that is so fucking lovely..."

"I'm glad you like it...", confessed Red, thrusting deep and slow, speaking in a husky whisper. 

"Ever since you sent me that video of you masturbating, Kaye, I've wanted to do this to you."

Kaye moaned as Red continued pumping her pussy with long, deep thrusts.

"I can see why Mac is so taken with you.", Red continued softly, and the sounds of the two women pleasuring each other began to take their toll upon my re-awakening member. Kaye looked at me again as she fastened her hands upon Red's wonderfully curvy ass; splaying her cheeks as she pulled Red's artificial phallus deeper still within her.

"Ohhhhhh fuck, Kaye... That feels soooo good.", Red gasped as Kaye teasingly circled her rim with a finger.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm...Mac told me you like ass play...", Kaye confided.

"Ohhhhh yes... not always. But he makes me so hot I'll take it anywhere he wants to put it.", she acknowledged. " And I really love it when he tongues me there..." she said in a low, husky tone, as she leaned close and kissed Kaye again.

"Ahhhh the plastic wrap trick, right?", Kaye chuckled lightly, between kisses, using one hand to point unobtrusively to the table wherein our dinner salad was indeed covered with Saran wrap. Kaye winked at me and made a little "lickey-lickey" gesture with her tongue. I smiled and gave her the "okay" sign, quietly retrieving it. Moistening one side with my saliva, I turned it over to cover my mouth as Kaye again splayed Red's sweet cheeks, exposing her tight, pink, puckering anus. Stealthily, I snuck up on Red as Kaye distracted her with a deep and passionate kiss. In response to Kayes anal teasings, Red raised her ass slightly and I began licking her hole through the cling wrap.

Red stiffened with a "What the ...?", as I slowly and deliberately buried my tongue in her glory hole.

"Ohhhhhhh bloody hell!...", she exclaimed, and began fucking Kaye harder and faster with deep, short strokes. Kaye pulled up her knees so I could maintain my tongue fucking as I leaned over the edge of the couch; my face buried in Red's crack, her cheeks clenching as she ground her hips faster and faster. Kaye matched her rhythm and both women began their vocal ascent to an explosive orgasm. Faster and faster they fucked. Deeper and faster and deeper and faster went the dildo into Kaye's sweet honey pot, even as my tongue swirled in, out and around; in, out, over and around Red's rim. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ohhhh! Ohhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhmyyyyyygoddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!", Kaye screamed as she was fucked senseless by the lovely redhead mounted upon her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fffffffffffuuuuuuuuucccccccccccckkkk!!!!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh FFFFFFFUUUCCCKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!", squealed Red as the dildo's clit stimulator and my anal probings brought her to a thundering climax. She collapsed in a heap upon Kaye's heaving breasts, her hungry mouth gently kissing Kaye's neck.

"Mmmmmmmmmm...", Kaye sweetly sighed, as she cuddled Red close; one hand gently squeezing the redhead's ass cheeks, while the other stroked through her long auburn tresses slowly as she kissed her forehead.

"Wow, that was sooooooooooooooo goooood...", the blonde princess confessed of her first one on one coupling with another woman.

"Mmmmmmmm hmmmmmmmmm...", breathed Red, as she softly teased Kaye's left tit.

"Next time you fuck me with the strap-on though.", my sweetheart playfully suggested.

"Ass or pussy?", Kaye teased, clearly agreeable to the proposition.

"Whichever Mac isn't fucking or sucking...", Red giggled, as she pulled the plastic wrap slowly from her ass. "Oooh that tickles.", she observed, as she winked, blew me a kiss, and handed it to me to dispose of.

Returning from this menial task, I found the two of them cuddling and fondling each other sweetly on the couch, the glistening strap on discarded on the floor next to them.

"If the two of you are done 'getting acquainted',", I said warmly, "Perhaps we can enjoy this fine meal you've prepared."

To say that our meal was a short one is a  gross understatement. Both women sat themselves down at the table without bothering to put on even a shred of clothing. In fact they insisted that I also dine sans clothing. The food and wine were devoured in record time, amidst the double entendre's, the long stares, the ogling of each other, and a playful game of three way footsies. Leaving the dishes on the table, the three of us returned to the bedroom.

Red immediately took charge, asking me to lay erection skyward upon the bed. Coming around behind Kaye, she wrapped her up in a soft embrace, her mouth close to her ear.

"I know that when we cybered, you felt left out at one point.", she said softly, "That's not going to happen tonight, Kaye..."

A tear welled up in Kaye's eye, and Red kissed her cheek tenderly.

"Here's what I propose,", Red continued, "Although I'm sure Mac has the agility to satisfy both of us in the hours to come, I want him to focus completely on you for right now. I'm even willing to leave the room; or if you allow it I can stay and watch, or do whatever you desire. So tell me, what would you like to do, Sweetie? I promise I won't feel jealous."

Kaye stroked her arm appreciatively, "I would like to fuck him solo, but you can watch; if you like."

"That's fine," Red agreed. "To see his hard cock in that tight snatch of yours would be lovely." 

With that Red settled into a comfortable chair; her legs spread as she tenderly stroked herself. Kaye smiled at that. 

"Promise me I'll get to lick your fingers clean when you're finished?", she requested.

Red arched her back with pleasure at that thought, her tits rising like two mountains above a fertile valley.

"Honey, you can lick any part of me you want.", came her low, throaty reply as her fingers slipped through her soaking folds.

"Mmmmmm...", Kaye smiled more broadly for the offer, then she mounted me, my cock instantly clenched within her tight pussy.

"Ohhhhhhhhhgoddddddd...", I moaned, as she began to ride me; my hands finding her hips. I pulled myself into a sitting position at the edge of the bed and her legs encircled me as I kissed her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhgoddddddddddddddddddd...", she agreed, as the springy mattress gave added force to my thrusts.

"You like that?", I whispered lustily, as my mouth found her earlobe; my cock burrowing deeper into her slippery wetness.

"Oh yes, darling. Ohhhh FUCK yessss..."

My hands found her firm, round buttocks, which I kneaded forcefully as my penis impaled her, sliding in and out with a wonderfully erotic sucking and slurping noise. In and out, up and down, in and out, up and down slammed my cock against her g-spot; even as I sucked and licked her earlobe.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh noooooooo...not againnnnnnnn...", Kaye moaned as I lifted her up and lay her on the edge of the bed; pumping her vagina harder and harder. The sounds of my shaft sliding in and out of her ravenous pussy were matched by the sounds of Red
masturbating. Both women were moaning wildly now. Leaning on my arms, I looked down, savoring the view of my thick cock invading Kayes newly clean shaven pussy. I watched with delight as her hand came down and she began rubbing her clit furiously.

"Baby, I want you to cum with me...", she groaned; her head thrown back and her back arching as she wildly abused her clit.

"I'm sooo close baby...", I grunted

"Oh Mac, cum for me baby. I want it soooo bad!!!"

"Ohhhh shit baby! Get ready...", I groaned as her fingers began making tighter and tighter circles of her clit.

"I'm there baby! Cum with me NOWWWWWWWWWWW!", she cried out as she heard my own cries reach a crescendo and I came on command. Over my shoulder I could hear Red masturbating at a feverish pace, her cries of orgasmic delight ringing in my ears even as I stabbed my cock into Kaye one last time and spilled my seed deep within her.

"Ohhhhhh yes!!!!", Kaye gasped in another wave of orgasm as I continued to sheath my meaty sword in her sticky scabbard. 

"Red, get over here!", she panted.

The curvaceous redhead complied as Kaye ordered her to lay in the middle of the bed. The shorthaired blonde disengaged from me and straddled the other woman's face.

"You said anything I desire. Did you mean that Red?", she demanded lustfully.

"Ohhhhhhh yesss, Sweetie...", Red murmured in reply.

"Well then, since I know how much you like to eat Mac's cum, I want you to open your mouth and lap it up, because here it comes..."

Red's mouth opened fully and her tongue began licking the bottom of Kaye's labia. From my vantage point I could see my semen and Kaye's juices dripping in long, milky strands from Kaye's cunt into Red's greedy mouth. She moaned with delight as her tongue lapped up every drop, licking through Kaye's sodden folds in long loving strokes until Kaye could no longer stand it, and she brought her jizz soaked pussy down atop Red's cum drizzled mouth. Red's response was to grab Kaye's ass and pull her down tighter as she ate her cunt noisily. Kaye's hand found Red's and she began sucking the other woman's juices off of her fingers while her hips rocked as she face humped the horny redhead. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm... Pussy fingers.", Kaye intoned with a mouth full of digits.

The two women fell sideways and I saw my chance to get back into the game.

Parting Red's legs, I fell upon her secret garden with a hungry mouth, even as her thighs embraced me. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...", was all she could manage as I sucked her musky pussy to abandon. My tongue fucked her g spot like a little cock and my lips smacked loudly as I devoured her hard little clitoris. Kaye meanwhile began to suck my semi hard, pulling it so deep that the mere suction alone created the most wonderful sensation of engorgement I'd ever felt. The triangle of lovers that we'd created writhed and rocked and ground our respective genitals into the mouth of one another as we sucked and licked and kissed and lapped at and consumed the fleshy offerings of our most primal selves.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhgoddddddddd...", Kaye grunted, "I think I'm gonna cum again....."

"Meeeeeeeeeee tooooooooooooooooo...", panted Red.

"OhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhunnnnnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!", exclaimed Kaye as she pulled  off of me so as not to bite my dick off, while still stroking it.

"Oh Mac! Oh Mac! OH MAC!!! 

OHHHHMYGODDDDDDDDDDMACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC!", screamed Red as I slurped her up like so much sexual spaghetti and began swallowing her whole, labia, clit and juices deep into my mouth. My tongue swirled and her juices flowed to me as I sucked her off. By this time I was fully erect again and I had an idea.

"Kaye, get the strap-on. You fuck her pussy. I'll do her ass...", I commanded.

"OHHHHHHHH FUCK YES!", Red agreed.

I lay on the bed and Red lay with her back to me, even as she slid my cock into her quivering anus. I began fucking her hard, even as Kaye buried the strap-on deep within her wide open vagina.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh...", exclaimed Kaye, as the clit stimulator began rubbing against her, 

"Ohhhhhhhh fuck this is lovely..."

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhgggggggoooooodddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!", Red whispered as she shuddered with each wave of double penetration pleasure. I grabbed her tits and began mashing them, my fingers pulling out on the nipples as far as they could go, as I fucked her; in and out, and in and out, and in and out, and...

"OhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhReddddddddddddddd I'm gonna blow my wad..."

"Yesssssssbabyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, cum for me... Cum in my ass baby.Ohhhhhhhhhhh Kaye...I'M SOOO CLOSE!!!!!!"

"UNNNNNNNNNNNH! UNNNNNNNNNNNNHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" I grunted as my cock spasmed within her tight hole, hot cum splashing within.

"Kayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!", Red growled as she succumbed to another orgasm, her ass clenching me tightly.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyygoddddddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!", Kaye moaned as she too reached another explosive climax.

For a long while we lay there entangled, each of us lost in that wonderful haze of post coital bliss. After a while we disengaged and plodded slowly to the shower. Languidly, and with unsteady feet, the three of us once again soaped each other and rinsed each other. Finally, after getting our evening toiletries out of the way, our little trio climbed into bed in our birthday suits, and in perfect harmony with he most erotic moment of my life, we drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

Parting the next day was not easy. Kaye left first, as she had obligations to her children and husband. Red saw me off to the airport, and I eventually found myself bound for America once more. Few people, I suppose, will ever be as fortunate as I was to experience such an adventure. For me, sharing it like this is a way to relive it, and the memory is as fresh to me today as if it were yesterday.