 To begin, the details leading up to my journey would be too much to rehash, but suffice it to say that my trip to Australia was the sort of geographical catharsis that many, often mistakably, undergo to attempt to purge themselves of some sort of emotional or personal trauma. The only advantage I had in going into it was the knowledge that the trip would not necessarily assuage all the pain and bitterness of a failed marriage, but that I was going to be spending some time with friends who were with me through that chaotic period of my life. The fact that I wasn't seeking out mindless, random encounters in a faraway land, but rather re-affirming a very special friendship made it much less than a rebound, and more a falling into a net of support in my hour of need.

It should be noted at the outset that my situation is quite unorthodox. In those days when my marriage was crumbling into mind numbingly apathetic oblivion, I had taken solace online in an attempt to keep from crossing the one line that my conscience would never allow me; namely a physical sexual relationship outside of my marriage. I can't tell you how many times I had to refuse standing offers of "name the place and time", but despite my wife's apathy for me, I loved her enough to not want to hurt her in that way. I have had the pleasure of cybering with many women, however, I would like to point out that I am very picky about who I choose to associate with on a regular basis. 

I have a set of rules that I live by online, the most important of which is the fact that I do not get exclusive. I have no desire to be collared and hold no expectations of anyone except that they be discrete, and respect the fact that my time with them is theirs alone, and my time with others is to be respected as well. You can imagine my surprise, when two of my favorite playmates became mutually aware of each other. I was horrified. I should have expected the worst, however, both women genuinely came to like each other and in a short period of time, brief dalliances that all of us engaged in with others notwithstanding, we became a de-facto threesome. Not that kind of threesome, though the potential was there, but our online relationship grew into a kind of virtual klatch, with the three of us meeting at yahoo to play pool, truth or dare, and generally play cyber slap ass games. To a person not in such a relationship it may be hard to believe that two women would willingly "share" a person such as myself, but each of us felt, and still feel that the situation is workable enough that there is no feeling of betrayal by my requesting to spend "alone time" with either of them. The fact is that I'm very fond of both women, and while there are some similarities in the needs that each of them meet in me, there are also significant differences that make each of them unique. My holiday in Australia afforded me time with both, but every journey has a beginning, and mine starts in Melbourne.

Technically, it started in Sydney, where I arrived after a lengthy plane ride. I took a day to rest up and acclimate, as I was coming from summer into the Australian winter. I took a smaller flight to Melbourne where I caught a cab to the address sent to me by a woman I will call Red. I won't lie and say that I wasn't nervous as hell as I made my way up the walk to her door that evening. I'd dressed every bit the redneck that she knew me to be, from my NASCAR ball cap to my denim shirt, wrangler jeans, silver buckle and cowboy boots. I was amazed at the attention I'd gotten in the airport by the local women, and hoped that my friend would be as pleased.

I knocked at the door and it was flung open wide. There stood the woman I'd called sweetheart for so long. Red was self conscious about her appearance, and this was our first face to face meeting. She needn’t have worried. I felt such affection for the person I had come to know online that I really didn't care what she looked like, though I must tell you I was not disappointed. Auburn hair, fair skin, very Irish looking I thought, nice breasts, small waist, and a curvy full ass. 

"Hello Sweetheart..." I said, my voice shaking a bit.

She greeted me warmly with a kiss as I stepped into her unit. It was cozy enough, and I spied the computer which she and I had corresponded with so many times. This was about as far as my observations got, before she slammed me against the door and began kissing me madly. I'd not had sex in so long its embarrassing to relate the actual time period, and though I'd had plans to sweetly seduce her, they went right out the window.

She was wearing a nice skirt and nothing under it. My jeans were down around my ankles in seconds and I was pounding my cock into her steamy pussy in less than a minute, having reversed our position, pinning her against the door. One hand was clasped upon her lovely round buttocks and the other was feeling up her bosom while she took a firm grasp of my tight ass and rammed me against her again, and again and again. Knowing her as I did, it was no surprise that she later related to me that she'd spent the day reading erotica on Literotica.com and was primed for my arrival. Its not that I can't control my orgasm, but I was seriously turned on at this point and getting closer to the point of no return as our lips parted and our tongues danced and swirled around in a kiss that could literally take your breath away. I knew that her breasts are one of her most favorite areas to be fondled, but I wanted her to cum with me, so my hand hiked up her skirt a bit more, and my fingers found her hard clit, drenched with her juices from my equally hard cock ramming her sweet cunt. I began to jack her off as I fucked her and we both fell to the floor, where she ended up on top of me, riding me for all I was worth. This had the effect of letting me get more under control of my excitement, but only strengthened my resolve to bring her to orgasm. I kept stroking, and stroking and stroking her sweet member as if it were my own, and she drove my cock deeper and deeper into her, her rocking matching my thrusts.

"Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh hmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ggggggggooooooooooooooodddddddddddddddddddd !!!!!!!!!!!!!" she began to wail as she fucked me harder and harder. My own cries of passion began to escape my lips as we fucked each other closer to oblivion.

"AAAAaaaaaaaah! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaah!" is about all I could manage before moaning her name repeatedly as I grew nearer and nearer to the point of climax.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ggggggggggggggggggggggggggooooooooooooooooooooo ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd, I'mmmmmmmm cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmingggggggggg!" she exclaimed in a wonderfully orgasmic tone as I fucked and jacked her off. That was it for me, I rolled her over, and drove my cock home as I came in violent, wonderfully exhausting spurts, filling her with my hot seed; each ejaculation punctuated by a deep hard thrust.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss...." she purred as she felt my warmth effuse her love vault. We fell to kissing again and I felt the wonderful aftershocks of her subsequent minor orgasms as my cock refused to soften, and I continued, albeit more slowly, to fuck her with deep feeling. She wrapped her arms around me as I settled my head on her breast and we lay silent for many moments, our hearts coming into rhythm with each other and our beings seemingly merging into one warm sticky existence. The sweet pungent odor of good sex, combined with her musk tinged the air, and added only to the delirium of our coupling.

I'm not the type of man to just slam, bam, thank you ma'am, but the deep affection that coursed through me, in addition to the wonderful feeling of lying between the legs of a fully satisfied woman who was softly stroking my back and running her nails across my shaved head was not without a sedating effect. I was in that in between place that would probably most correctly correspond to the aboriginal concept of the dreamtime, when she softly kissed my forehead and said in her sweet Aussie accent,

"Hello to you too..."

This stirred me from my reverie and brought a slight chuckle to my lips.

"If this is an Aussie welcome, I think I'm going to love this country..." I returned, my drawl emerging from the fact that I was damn near exhausted. I've lived all over the US, including the south, and my family is from the south, so when I am a little bit tired, or I am around southerners my hereditary drawl tends to make its way out. Fortunately, my Aussie hostess found it to be very sexy.

"Baby," I intoned with affection, "I think I need a shower."

"I think we both do," she said playfully as we disrobed each other and shared a wonderfully naked embrace.

"I've been waiting for this for so long...", she said softly. 

She led me to the shower, turning on the water as we stepped in. The warm, steamy water cascaded off our naked bodies, running in little sensual rivulets off of her full, luscious tits and cascading down to her bush, where it coalesced at her clit and made a lovely little stream to the floor. She began to lather me and took my manhood into her soft feminine hands, feeling the weight of my boys as she stroked my temporarily flaccid but no less lengthened cock. I returned the favor as I sudsed up her pussy and we kissed softly and sweetly, giving ourselves over to casually masturbating each other. 

Turning her around, I was happy to note that her soap was antibacterial as I did something very unexpected to her. Lathering up my hands, my right hand slid down her ass to her anus, which I began to soap up with my middle finger, while my left hand continued to manually stimulate her clit.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...." she sighed as I probed her glory hole with my finger, leaning back against me with her arms upraised, cradling the back of my neck. I took the opportunity to allow my left hand to sensually travel up to her full rounded breast and began fondling her sweet wrinkled nipple; the erectile tissue hardening at my touch.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmooooooohhhhhhhhhh hyessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss..." she groaned as one of her hands slipped down to my re-awakened cock. One point of pride that I have always enjoyed is the ability to make love and then be ready for round two in a manner of minutes. She gently stroked my cock as my finger went deeper into her ass, her hips grinding back to increase the penetration. My eye spied some body gel, and I withdrew my hand just long enough to pick it up and read the ingredients. I was pleased to find that there were very little ingredients that might inflame the tissues of her rectum, and I coated my cock with it.

"What are you...?" she began asking, trying to peek as I took her ass in my hands and slid my thick meat to the hilt in her sweet, tight hole.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..." she moaned approvingly as I began thrusting in long, slow, deliberate strokes. The water cascading over us made a wonderfully organic component to this primal copulatory moment. Taking the antibacterial soap, I cleaned my fingers and gave her the reach around, burying my finger in her pussy while my palm exerted firm pressure on her clit. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKK KKKK..." she murmured again, leaning forward to place her hands against the wall as I fucked and stroked and fucked and teased and fucked and jacked and fucked and fingered her in a glorious feat of double penetration. I could hear her breathing quicken, and so my pace picked up. Thrusting and stroking, thrusting and stroking, thrusting and stroking and jacking and pounding and abusing her clit as my cock filled her from behind.

"Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she gasped, and began saying my name with orgasmic distortion filling her voice

"Ohhhhhhhhhyes, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhyes, OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK YES! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUU UUUUUUUUUUUU CCCKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKKK! UNH! UHHHHHHNNNN NNNNHHHHHHHHHHH, OHHHHHHHHHHHHGOOO OOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDD! CUM FOR ME BABY! CUM IN ME! CUM WITH ME BABY OOOOOOOOHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKKKKKKK KKKK!!!!!!!" she cried, her voice echoing off the tile as I reached a second thundering climax, blowing my wad deep within her, my thickness buried deep beneath her rim.

"Oooooooooooooooooooo hhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk kkkkkkkk!" I agreed, and repeatedly so, as I slammed her ass again and again with each ejaculation, her back arched against me, my middle finger buried solidly within her pussy, rubbing her g spot as she contracted around my cock in another magnificent orgasm. She leaned against the tile and I with her, our breathing coming in sharp, ragged breaths.

"Fucken' Aye..." I managed.

"Holy shit..." she returned.

We disengaged after a few moments of afterglow, standing there in the steam and the spray; and she began to laugh.

"What?" I asked, with a big goofy grin on my face.

"I thought the purpose of a shower was to get ourselves cleaned up.", she giggled.

" I think I shall have to wash your tool again if its to be of any further use to me."

I chuckled and we again set to scrubbing each other, this time for strictly hygienic purposes.

Some time later, following a rather generous toweling of each other we made our way to the kitchen where she fixed a light meal, which was ravenously consumed by both of us dressed simply in bathrobes. I couldn't take my eyes off her, even as she moved to do such mundane tasks as turning up the heat, clearing the dishes, etc. We sat and talked amiably for about an hour, gently caressing each other, holding hands. I was doing my best to be a good guest, but I must admit to being a bit tired from the trip and the previous exertions. Fuzzily, I vaguely remember mentioning such to her, and she smiled sweetly.

"I've worn you out, haven’t I gorgeous?" she asked. "Very well, I'm a bit tired as well, but I refuse to let you go to bed without my desert."

With that she moved to the refrigerator and returned with a squeeze bottle of strawberrysyrup. Taking me by the hand she led me to the couch and kneeled at my feet. My cock was aware of what she had in mind much quicker than my consciousness. Softly she undid the belt of my robe and bent low over my balls. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh baby, " I moaned as she began licking my scrotum from the bottom up. 

She stopped momentarily and smiled at me, as I heard the top of the syrup bottle pop open. I was semi erect as she began drizzling my penis with the pink syrup, the cold of which only accentuated my arousal. Bothersome trails of syrup threatened to become more messy than necessary and she arrested these with a good tongue lashing. 

Although a full erection should have been impossible, I had slipped into the bathroom and taken a yohimbe capsule for just such an eventuality. My cock responded beautifully to her oral ministrations as she licked and sucked my swollen balls. How badly I wanted her mouth around my cock, I cannot tell you, but when she looked deep into my eyes and blew softly across the head I nearly came. 

"I know what you want, baby..." she softly informed me as she opened wide and angled my cock into her waiting mouth. Moaning enthusiastically her head began bobbing as she provided steady suction to my rod. This was no porno movie blow job I was getting. It was slow, and loving as she allowed her tongue to swirl about my shaft as her mouth took me deeper, and deeper, inch by inch. I gently massaged her scalp as my hands found her head, fingers burying deep into her coppery coifs. My hips ground as I gave myself over to the rhythm of her ascent and descent, her lips full and slippery from her saliva and the strawberry syrup. Her fingers found my scrotum and softly fondled me, stretching my balls as she sucked, and sucked and sucked me. She then removed her robe and placed it under her. My cock gleamed with spittle, syrup, and not a little pre cum. I pulled her up to me briefly for a deep kiss, and was in ecstasy as I recognized the taste of my dick on her breath. I started to pull her onto my lap but she pulled away. Kneeling again she dripped strawberry upon her breasts, allowing the highly viscous syrup to coat her cleavage. Grabbing my waist for an anchor she pulled forward and straddled my cock with her tits. She pulled me down on top of her and pressed her luscious breasts together tightly, even as she teased her own nipples.

"Fuck my tits baby, I know how much you love that. " she murmured with a gleam of lust in her eyes.

I didn't need an engraved invitation for that, and I began pumping my cock through the tight titty cave she created. Faster and faster I fucked her tits, her head coming up to lick my dick on each stroke. I decided to take the game further and reversed my position. I drenched her pussy with strawberry and set about whole sale devouring her sweet honey pot as she pulled my hips back to straddle her face so she could suck me again. Leaning into it ever so slightly I began to make love to her mouth as I suckled her clit.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooooooo hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssssss," she groaned as I began to mimic her movements upon me, slurping up her labia and clit and giving her head. My tongue swirled, my lips kissed, my mouth devoured her, swallowing her deep into my mouth as her juices flowed sweetly to me.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhgoooooooo dddddddddddddddddddd babyyyyyyyyy," she moaned, 

"I want you to cum, baby. I want you to shoot your hot creamy load into my mouth so I can drink you like you are drinking me..."

The things we say in the heat of passion can be truly bizarre at times, but for the moment, I knew she was serious. Huskily, I replied

"You want me to cum in your mouth, baby?"

"Mmmmmmmmm hmmmmmmmmmmmm." She moaned, her mouth filled with my thick meat. I could feel another ejaculation building in me and it turned me on that she wanted my thick hot semen for her desert.

"You want to me to cum down your throat baby?" I asked wickedly, in between thrusts to her mouth and sucking her clit.

"Ohhhhhhhhhyssssssssssssssssss." she managed, taking me deeper, sucking harder.

I rolled us over so she was on top, and her head began bobbing as she sucked and licked and sucked and licked and fed on my member with passion.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm, I can taste your precum baby.", she gurgled between mouthfuls of cock. "Give it to me. Cum for me, dammit! I want it NOW!" she demanded greedily, so I honored her wish, ejaculating my salty-sweet seed into her hot, moist and most receptive mouth, greedily demanding that she swallow it all.

"Suck it baby, that’s right. You wanted it, now suckit down. Unnnnnnnnnnhghhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh...............", I ordered as I throbbed my jism into her.

"MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm, Mmmmmmmmmmm, Mmmmmmmmmmmm, "she moaned with each spasm, gulping my creamy offerings down with enthusiasm.

Where I got the energy I do not know, but I spun her around again and mounted her vagina over my ravenous mouth, as I sucked her, and sucked her and sucked her. I could see my milky cum dribbling out over her lips as she reared her head back, her eyes scrunched shut with pleasure, her hands pulling on the top of my shaved head, her breasts dripping with strawberry syrup and cum as she rode me harder and harder; fucking my face. Opening my mouth wide, my tongue darted deep within her hot and sodden folds, in and out and in and out and in and out and in and out as my thumb began to make tighter and faster circles on her clit.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhgodddddd, ohhhhhhhhmygodddddddddddddd, OOOOOOOOOOOOOO HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUU UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!! OOOOO OOOOHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHMYYYY YYYYYYGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOO ODDDDDDDDDD D DDDDDDDDD DDDD D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SUCKME!!!!!!!!!!! SUCK ME!!!!!!!! SUCK MEEEEE E!!!!!!YYY YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!" she cried, her voice tortured with orgasmic modulation as the floodgates of her secret garden burst forth with warm, sweet female cum.
