 This story is pure fantasy. Events are made-up, and characters are a figment of my imagination. Any resemblance to any person, small animal or hyper-dimensional being is purely coincidental.

This is also my first attempt at erotic fiction. Comments and suggestions will be welcomed.

*****

David Sojourn was a professor at a small private college in Northeast Ohio. He had been on faculty there for 17 years, and generally loved the environment – the climate, the students, the freedom of action that his work provided. But he hated grading papers. Now it was final exam week of the spring term, and he was in his office grading the exam that he had administered earlier in the day. It was about 7 in the evening; finals were still ongoing in the building but most of the faculty members had gone home unless they were giving an exam or grading in their offices, with the doors closed. There were few students (other than those taking exams) in the building, so there was no traffic in his somewhat remote end of the office corridor. David's finals were done for today. He had grading to do, though, so he was working late. His wife knew not to expect him home early – he always liked to finish each semester as early as possible, to move on to other things, so grading late was common. He kept his own door open, on the off chance that some student would still want questions answered prior to tomorrow's exam.

David was miserable and grumpy in his grading. Some students just DON'T GET IT, he thought, and some of the grades he was issuing had to reflect that fact. As a conscientious teacher he took that lack of understanding personally. He knew many students didn't work hard to learn, which wasn't entirely his fault. Still, he still felt ineffective as a teacher and he felt disrespected by those students who didn't try. So when he heard the knock on the door, he was very glad to see that it was Maddie, not one of the students whose exam he was looking at, come to beg for mercy or some other student come to ask him to reteach the entire effing course on the night before the final. 

Her real name was actually Cassandra Louise Madock, but in middle school she had decided she didn't like to be called Cassandra or Cassie, so kids started calling her Madock, then Maddie. She liked Maddie as a name, and that is how she called herself. She was a student still, but really, she was almost an alumna – she was to graduate in three days, and, though David did not know this, her final exams and projects were all done and handed-in. There were no other student requirements, so she considered herself a graduate. There was just the little formality of a ceremony, and that was really just that: ceremony. An audit of her record would show she had met all requirements for graduation, and that is all that mattered. Now she stood in David's office, come to say goodbye. She would be going back home. She had been accepted into Medical School at the University of Pittsburgh. She had grown up near there, and her parents still lived there. She had old friends there who would provide a ready-made social network. So it was time to go home. Her graduation guests would be arriving in town on the day after tomorrow, graduation would be the next day, then it would be time to pack up and be off.

David had had been fantasizing about Maddie for the past five years, almost. To be exact, it had started in August or September of 2011, and it was now May, 2016. So, not quite five years, but close enough. She had been a student of his when she was a freshman and a sophomore. She worked hard and got good grades, but they never came easy. It was engineering, so of course it was challenging. But she had changed majors after the first term of her sophomore year, and gone on to study Biology instead. The major change delayed graduation by a year, hence the five-year stay. After the major change, she was never in his class again.

David didn't just lust after Maddie, though. He liked her, too. He was, in fact, smitten with her. It was unusual that he took so to a student. Students, he knew, were here and gone, and they were really not much more than children when they got to the university. Whatever his other flaws might be, he was not a pedophile. But every once in a while a student came along who was an exception. He could remember three; Maddie was one of those. Initially he was drawn to her friendly and outgoing manner. She had often greeted David when he arrived in class. In practice, professors don't usually get much in the way of greeting, when they arrive to their classroom. Students too often think of professors as something other than human (except for the douchebags, of whom there are plenty. Those professors are inhumanly human, if you ask the students.) Usually students just get quiet when the professor walks in. David found that a little disheartening, to tell the truth. That is what made Maddie's reliable greetings nice, and special. 

Of course he found her physically attractive – petite, not much more than 5 feet tall, with a sweet-faced, all-American look, and perfectly-sized breasts, like large apples. She had put on a few pounds since the freshman year – the so-called freshman 15 had come to her, and more, and some of it had stayed on, but he still found her really alluring. She had begun to run a few months ago and to watch her diet, so she was perhaps 10 pounds heavier now than when she arrived as a freshman. She had longish not-quite-blonde hair, which fell about 4 inches below her shoulders. Today, like most days, she wore it in a pony tail. Her eyes were blue, and she had a roundish face, with a petite nose and a lovely smile. All-in-all, David thought she was a complete package, and just his type. She was not the only student about whom he had sexual fantasies, but she had been the rare one who remained a primary desire for years. And that "child" of five years ago was now a 23-year old woman. 

Many times he had dreamed of what he would do with her, if he could. Of course, he didn't share his fantasies with her, or anyone else. It was bad enough to harbor ideas about dalliances with anyone – he was married, and he loved his family. But also he was a professor at a Catholic college, so getting involved with a student was grounds for immediate dismissal. He'd seen it happen to two other faculty members, and he could not imagine the horribleness of the outcome he'd face: "Hi honey, I'm home. I got fired for schtupping a student. What's for dinner?" Somehow, he didn't think that would go over well. He'd be eating his dinner alone, in a lonely apartment and seeing his kids on alternate weekends, while he worked at God only knows what horrible job. So, he had his fantasies, and that was all. He didn't share them intentionally, and hoped they didn't show. But he liked to think that some set of students fantasized about him, too – preferably the girls, but if guys fantasized about him, he figured that would do him no harm – and he hoped Maddie was one of those. 

Tonight Maddie was wearing khaki shorts that came halfway down her thighs and a light blue, sleeveless, button-front chambray shirt. Her collar was open two buttons at the neck so that he could just see the top of a white sports bra. He could also see a gold chain with a cross pendant, which he had noticed she always wore. On her feet she wore running shoes with short, ankle-length socks. And she carried a student backpack, black and gold with a Pittsburgh Steelers logo. It was apparent to David that Maddie did not frequent tanning salons. The winter was not so far from over, but there had been a few weeks of warm weather now. It looked as though Maddie had gotten out a bit, and was losing that winter whiteness which was so typical of this region, but she was still fairly pale. He liked what he saw.

"Well, this is a pleasant surprise," David noted. "What brings you to this neck of the woods, particularly at this time of the evening?" He took the opportunity presented by her arrival to stand and stretch a bit, and he moved from behind his desk to speak to her more in a face-to-face (or rather equal-to-equal, as she stood about 8 inches shorter than he) manner. Tonight he was wearing slightly faded blue jeans and a lavender polo shirt, with a black leather belt. As he came around the desk, she noticed that he had bare feet. He had taken his shoes and socks off when he sat to grade, because he just liked to let his toes stretch out and he liked to feel the cool air on his feet. It was common for him, when no one else was around. 

"I finished my finals yesterday. I've been lucky – all of my professors have posted grades already, so I'm done. No end-of-semester nerves, waiting for the shoe to drop. I'm making the rounds to my favorite professors. I've saved the best for last, and you're it. I really glad you're here – I looked up your final schedule, and thought maybe you'd be here grading or something. I've come to say goodbye, because I'm graduating. Thanks to you, in large part." 

In fact, he had been her favorite professor at the college, of the perhaps two dozen professors she had had. She felt he tried hardest to communicate well. He used interesting analogies, spoke in terms of common experiences, and tried his best not just to show where techniques come from or how to use specific techniques to solve a problem, but how to choose the best from among available techniques – how to read a problem so that the information given suggests tool selection. Exposure to that thoughtful reading process had carried over to her new major, too, and she had excelled partially by knowing how to see through a problem. So his influence was great on her, and she recognized that. 

And he was a pleasant person to be near, as well. He was smart and funny, and she knew from experience that he cared for his students' success very much. He was not young, but nor was he particularly old. He was older than her father, she supposed, but he had a quick laugh that lent a youthful aspect to his presentation of himself. He seemed very happy. And while he did not possess the exceptional looks of a movie star, he was reasonably attractive and fit, if a bit on the thin side. Yes, she liked him a lot.

Although they did not share a classroom again during Maddie's last three and a half years, they ran into each other from time to time. This was a pretty small school, so they would see each other in passing, or sometimes run into each other in the cafeteria. He enjoyed those meetings, and took the opportunity to keep her interest up – that is, whatever interest she may have had. He flirted just a little in keeping with what he thought of as his image, but not enough to raise any eyebrows. He'd indulge in the very occasional and (he hoped) very subtle double entendre, although he always feared that he might be more transparent than he wished to. He thought someone might notice that his conversations with her were both just a bit longer, and just a bit more lively than those he had with other students. But he was heartened by the fact that it was often she who would stop him and get his attention for these chance meetings. So at least he hadn't crossed any lines that she was unwilling to have crossed. It made him think that maybe, somewhere, there was some mutuality to his interest. That potential allowed him to take some risks with the flirting, but he couldn't go too far. It was a big ego boost, and that's all. 

She had also on occasion come to his office just to check in. The college did not have strictly dedicated buildings, so the building in which David's office lay was also used for classes in the Biology and Chemistry department, and sometimes some other disciplines as well. Maddie had had some Bio classes in the building, and had a few times come to David's office before or after class to say "Hi," to share news of happenings at home and at school, and basically just to stay in touch. There were times when she needed advice or a shoulder to cry on, and he provided as best he could. She liked him, after all, and she also wanted to stay connected.

She seemed just a little tense as she said "I also brought you a little gift."

David replied that it was a pleasure having her in classes, that he had always missed her after her major change, that he loved it when she dropped by, and that he would miss seeing her around. But, he said, accepting gifts was not really a good idea.

"Oh, it's OK. It didn't cost me anything. Besides, you are not my professor, so it can't be a bribe." She smiled and handed him a small lidded box, red in color and about 3 inches cubed. The box was not wrapped, but tied in a nice bow made of plain brown twine. After a slight hesitation, David took it and noticed to himself that it was very light. "And I have this, too." Her voice seemed to catch just a little as she said that last bit, but she reached into her backpack and produced a bottle. David knew this particular whiskey was awful, but it was the sort of thing that inexperienced kids would think was probably good, because the brand was well known. It was partially empty, and as she handed it to him, he caught a slight scent of the whiskey on her breath. "I've already had a snort with my academic advisor. You know, making the rounds, like I said." 

David was not totally opposed to a drink, under the circumstances. A parting shot, so to speak. But he did not want it to be known. Alcohol was forbidden in academic buildings, after all. Sharing the desire not to be caught, Maddie went to the door, and pushed it shut. As she did, David watched her ass, moving his eyes back up as she turned, so that she would not see his glance. That particular activity – Maddie-ass-watching (along with other assorted Maddie-ogling) had been going on forever, but now that she was graduating, David felt just that much more desperation in his heart.

Seeing some clean coffee mugs on a table near the door, Maddie took two, and held them out to David. David, unable to hold both the box and bottle and also to open the bottle, placed the box on the floor by his feet, twisted off the cap and poured a bit of the whiskey into each mug. Closing the bottle and setting it on the floor near her pack, he picked up the box with his left hand and stood to take one mug from her. He toasted her graduation, and said "I'm going to miss you, Maddie. I'm going to miss seeing your smiling face."

"Just my face?" she asked, with a wry smile. He immediately felt embarrassed, and did not know what to say. How much had she perceived? But she allowed him an out by adding "Not my bubbly personality or my daddy's tuition checks?" He laughed, and so did she. She still seemed a bit jumpy, and David wondered if that really was what she meant. 

They had been standing near the south end of his office, her facing him with the wall behind him, and he facing her with his desk behind her. "Here, let me put that down for you, I don't want you to open it just yet" she said, and she took the box from David. She turned from the wall towards the desk, so that David stood behind her. As she took a step towards the desk to put the box down, he made a snap decision. He knew he could lose everything, but emotions took over. He'd fantasized for years, and the fantasy could never be made real once she left. It was perhaps desperation. He'd been utterly faithful to his wife for 25 years, but this moment was just too much for his resolve. He could not be sure of how she would react, but he trusted that she could say "no," if she wanted to. If she said no, he would respect that. And he didn't think she would press any charges. The biggest fear of the rejection, then, was a poisoning of their relationship, and that fear was significant. But he said "fuck it" to his fears, and at the moment she placed the box on the desk, he went for it. As Maddie reached the desk, he stepped forward and she felt his hands on her shoulders. She was a bit surprised, though she did not make any audible sound. 

It's not like he had never touched her before – in those office visits a pat on the back, a touch of the hand or a quick hug was not unknown. But this time, she tensed a bit at his touch. She started to turn to face him, but anticipating this, he used his grip to stop her. 

"I want to give you something, too." His voice was lower than normal, more throaty, she thought. She did not continue to try to turn, but remained silent. He was not sure how to read her desire level, but he'd come this far. The cat was out of the bag now so push on, he thought.

He moved himself closer behind her, and simultaneously moved his left arm from her shoulder to around her waist, so that he was holding her close. She remained a bit stiff, but did not resist. Because she had conveniently for him worn her hair in a pony tail this evening, he was free to bring his head to her neck. He began to nuzzle her, breathing heavily, kissing, and licking. He used his head on the right side of her neck to gently urge her head to the left. He moved his right hand down her arm, using his fingers to just brush the skin of her arm. She sighed, but with some ambiguity.

Her voice was quiet and trembled a bit, but she was clear as she said "I'm not sure about this."

Not stopping, he asked "Do you want me to stop?" Breathe, nuzzle, kiss. His right hand continued its caress of her arm. She sighed again, deeply.

She did not answer right away, and he did not stop. After a few moments, he asked again: "Do you want me to stop? I don't want to hurt you, but I also don't want to stop. You can stop me anytime. But please, I need to be careful. We need to be quiet."

She did not answer, but moved ever so slightly, backing into him as if to say "go on."

With that gesture as an answer, he felt encouraged and permitted to go a step further. He released her waist with his left arm, and used both arms to caress her body – he teased both of her arms, her upper legs, her sides, tummy, neck and back. He took his time, and the caresses went on for several minutes. If he was going to risk his marriage and career, it was imperative that she enjoy this. As he continued to caress her, he occasionally shifted the attentions of his head from the right to the left side of her neck, but always nuzzling, breathing, kissing, licking. By now, she could no more have resisted him than she could have resisted the mightiest tidal wave. She was absolutely putty in his hands, he was sure of it. They were standing close enough to the desk that she could still reach it, and she used her hands to support herself.

Eventually, he moved his hands to her belly and upward, stopping just underneath her young and oh-so-tantalizing breasts, where he could lift them, one in each hand, feeling their firmness and weight. She played along – ever so slightly leaning back into him as he held a breast in each hand and continued addressing her neck. She moved her hands up to cover his, pressing them into her body. After a moment, she lifted his hands to move them higher, right onto her tits. He could feel her pressing his hands inwards, compressing her chest just that much, and he responded by squeezing gently, but firmly. At that, she moaned a bit. He pinched her nipples, but it was not a very effective pinch, as both her shirt and bra were in the way. 

David altered his focus a bit from her neck, leaning forward to kiss her cheeks and nibble her earlobes. While continuing his ministrations to her right breast, he slowly moved his left hand down, keeping it in contact with her body, caressing, with his fingers as he moved, until he reached the waistband of her shorts. He began to work the fabric of her shirt from her waistband, scrunching the fabric in his hand and giving a slight tug, repeating this procedure until the shirttails came free. The touch of his warm hand on her now exposed belly was heavenly. He teased her by ever-so-lightly caressing her skin with his left-hand fingers as he moved the hand under her button-up shirt to reach her now only bra-covered left boob. Soon that bra would have to go, he said to himself.
