 Maddie and Will walked down the steps into the club. The club was loud, dark and crowded. The dance-floor was a heaving mass of over-heated bodies all pulsating to the incredibly loud bass driven music pounding from the over-sized PA system. The club was one of the most popular in Cancún with some very expensive lights and a powerful sound system and it was full of young people, mostly college students on vacation.

Along with Maddie and Will were their friends Beth and Richard. The four college students were enjoying their vacation in Cancún away from college work and their parents and they were looking forward to checking out the 'Coco Bongo' club which they had been told was the best in the resort.

Maddie immediately felt eyes on her as several men turned to look at her, she tugged uselessly at the short dress, regretting having decided to wear such a slutty outfit. The four friends made their way to the bar, soon they were stood by the bar sipping on their drinks and enjoying the loud music of the club.

Maddie had already had several drinks before coming to the club and she was starting to feel a little drunk. They stood for a little while, she was talking to Beth while Will chatted with Richard.

"Come on let's go and dance," she suggested taking Will's arm.

"Not yet," said Will. "I don't feel like dancing just now," and he turned back to Richard and carried on talking to him.

Maddie felt annoyed that her boyfriend seemed to be ignoring her and because once again he did not want to dance, it seemed that whenever they went out she wanted to dance but he would refuse to dance with her, saying he 'didn't feel like it'.  Angrily she finished her drink quickly and went to the bar to get more drinks for herself and Beth, she did not bother to ask Will if he wanted one.

Half way down the second drink, she tried again.

"Come on Will, dance with me," she encouraged her boyfriend. It will be fun!"

When Will refused again she decided not to wait any longer and she went on to the dance floor with Beth. The two young women began dancing in time with the music, enjoying the beat. She looked back over to where the boys were standing and was very annoyed to notice that not only was Will not looking at her but that he was actually watching some other girl on the dance floor. 

Just then a young man moved towards the two girls. Maddie noticed that he was a good looking guy, she thought he was very sexy, he was tall with dark brown hair and he had piercing blue eyes which were fixed on Maddie as he danced close to her. 

He offered his hand to her, inviting her to dance with him. Maddie decided to let him as she was still annoyed with Will and though that maybe if he saw her dancing with this guy, Will might come and pay some attention to her and dance with her himself. The guy put his hand on Maddie's hip and held her hand as he led her into a dance in time with the music. He was a pretty good dancer and Maddie relaxed, enjoying dancing with him.

When the song finished, Beth and Maddie went back to the bar but Will still seemed more interested in taking to his buddy than to her and showed no interest at all in dancing.

Maddie decided she needed another drink and moved away to join the queue at the bar.

"Can I buy you a drink?" 

Maddie turned at the sound of the voice to see a young man standing next to her, it was the guy she had danced with. He had a confident air about him as he spoke which Maddie liked.

Maddie asked for a Margarita and despite the crowd at the bar, the young man managed to catch the bar tender's eye and he ordered their drinks.

"So, I'm Sam, what's your name?" he asked, turning back towards her with a warm smile on his face. 

"I'm Maddie" she introduced herself, flashing him a smile of her own in return.

Sam turned back to the bar to pay for their drinks, tipping the bartender. 

They chatted at the bar whilst they waited for their drinks and Maddie decided that she was going to talk to this guy for a little while since her boyfriend seemed to be ignoring her. 'After all,, she justified to herself, it's not like I'm going to do anything we'll just be talking, even if he is kind of cute.'

"Tell me Maddie," Sam said, passing her drink over, "how old are you?"

Maddie replied, "I'm 19."

Sam steered the pretty girl towards some seats at the side of the dance floor and they continued talking. Maddie started to relax, Sam was charming and he had a great sense of humour, making her laugh at his jokes.

They fell into an easy conversation, they talked about Cancún and they both agreed that they loved the gorgeous white-sand beaches and turquoise waters. Maddie told Sam how she had swam with dolphins the day before and what an amazing experience she had found it. He described going scuba diving and parasailing with his friends and exploring the nearby Mayan ruins. 

He asked her about her life at college and Maddie discovered that Sam was a senior at UCLA and was studying pre-law. He was in Cancún on vacation with friends from his fraternity. Maddie felt a chemistry between them and she found herself flirting with him and was beginning to feel a little horny, she touched his arm as they talked and even 'accidentally' brushed her large breasts against him.

Soon their drinks were finished and Sam had a suggestion, "What we need is a round of Tequilas!" 

"I don't know," said Maddie slowly, she was already a little drunk and she knew that she had no head for drinking shots.

"You've got to have Tequila, Sam explained, "we're in Mexico!"

Maddie laughed, "well, if you put it like that!" She decided not to argue any further.

While Sam went to the Bar, Maddie looked over at her friends she spotted Will talking to the other two. He seemed unconcerned that she was talking with another guy so she felt justified in continuing to talk to Sam and even flirt with him a bit

Sam returned with some shots of tequila, slices of lemon and a salt shaker. They started on the shots licking the salt, then downing the shots of the fiery spirit before biting into the slice of the lemon. 

"Come on let's dance some more," suggested Sam taking her hand.

Maddie was feeling really drunk now after the shots of tequila on top of the drinks she'd had earlier and as the two danced together she found herself dancing sexily and dancing up close with Sam, pushing her body against him. Sam responded aggressively, grinding his crotch against her in time with the music. She could feel his large erection through his pants pressing against her and she rubbed against him in time with the fast beat of the music. She turned round and ground her ass back into his crotch, She loved the feel of his hard cock as it nestled between her ass cheeks. She forgot about her boyfriend and her friends, lost in the music and the dancing. Sam grabbed her ass and spun her round then pulled her in close to him. Maddie rubbed herself wantonly against him, dry humping his hard cock through his pants. Sam began running his hands up and down Maddie's sexy body squeezing her ass and tits. She groaned in pleasure, her nipples and clit tingling with lust. Several people around them on the dance floor stopped and stared at them a little shocked at how blatant they were as they danced crotch to crotch. 

Across the room, Will sat watching his sexy girlfriend dirty-dancing with another guy. He was annoyed and part of him though that he should go over there and put a stop to it but he had to admit she looked sexy out there and he found he was too turned on to intervene.

When the song finished, Sam fetched more shots of tequila and took Maddie back over to the seats where they had sat before, out of view of the bar. This time as they took their shots, Maddie cheekily waited until Sam had poured some salt onto the back of his hand then quickly licked it off his hand herself before he had the chance. Of course this meant that he had to lick the salt off her hand and she felt a thrill at the feel of his tongue on her skin. 

For the next shot, she held the lemon slice in her mouth for Sam, their lips brushed as he took the lemon and Maddie felt a thrill almost like an electric shock run through her entire body. Her pussy was soaking wet, the strong alcohol, and the flirting with Sam made her feel so horny and she knew she would not be able to resist him when he made a move. Surely he will make a move soon she thought, growing impatient. She was so drunk and horny that she didn't really consider that her boyfriend was still in the club. 

Sure enough Sam had picked up on the signals and he leaned in towards Maddie kissing her lightly on the lips.

"you're beautiful," he told her, pulling her into his arms and kissing her passionately and running his fingers through her hair. 

Maddie melted into his embrace moaning gently into his mouth, she felt so horny she just wanted to let this man take complete control. She had completely forgotten about her boyfriend, caught up in the moment with Sam. She slipped her tongue wantonly into Sam's mouth, kissing him more deeply. She could feel the throb of his erection against her as they made out

Sam's hands slid slowly down Maddie's body until they came to rest confidently on her ass, cupping her firm buttocks through the thin material of her dress, she moaned again in pleasure as Sam's strong hands squeezed and rubbed her ass. 

Sam sank into the seat and pulled Maddie onto his lap their lips still locked together. She straddled his thighs and slipped her arms about his neck, she bucked and ground her hips, brushing her crotch against the bulge of his erection. She arched her back, thrusting her shapely breasts forward. Sam's lips moved to her neck where he trailed long, sucking, biting kisses down it, slowly moving down her body, kissing her exposed cleavage. 

Sam's hands moved eagerly onto Maddie's breasts, cupping them possessively, assessing the weight of them, his thumbs brushing over the taut buds of her nipples through the skimpy material of her slutty dress as he sucked harder on her neck and nibbled at her ears seductively. Maddie squirmed in pleasure, grinding her crotch against Sam's erection. Her nipples were hard and aching. She loved the way that Sam was taking control and she was so horny that she couldn't help but let him do whatever he wanted to her. Maddie had always loved sexually aggressive guys, the more aggressive the better. She likes the guy to make the moves and when a guy starts doing stuff to her she always has a hard time saying no. 

He squeezed the firm mounds through her skimpy dress provoking further moans from the sexy college girl. Sam confidently worked his hands inside Maddie's dress savouring the thrill of their fist skin-on-skin contact he found her nipples and forefinger, thumb and third finger closed around each nipple, flicking, rubbing and pulling her lust filled tips. her eyes were closed in pleasure as Sam's skilful fingers tormented her hard nipples.

Sam's right hand had moved away from Maddie's tits and he grabbed her hand in his, pushing it insistently onto his hard cock. He held her hand firmly in place for a second then slowly moved his hand away. Maddie, in no doubt as to what he wanted, squeezed his erection lovingly, rubbing his hard cock through his jeans. Sam's left hand continued to toy with Maddie's erect nipples as his right hand, now free, continued to move, creeping lower; sliding between her legs as Maddie writhed in desperate need for fulfilment.

One finger insinuated itself inside her panties and dipped into the hot well of her arousal, eliciting louder groans from Maddie. She was dripping wet. Sam grasped the side of her thong and yanked it aside aggressively, he glanced up at her to check her reaction and seeing no sign of refusal he slipped another finger inside her wet pussy. "Oh my god, Maddie," he breathed. "You're so wet; you really can't help yourself can you?"

Maddie groaned again in pleasure rubbing Sam's cock more insistently. She felt astounded at her powerful reaction to this man, but she was unable to resist him. He had seduced her completely and now she no choice but to see it through to the end; consequences be damned.

"Please..." she groaned, as he continued to tease her aching pussy. "Please...Make me come"

Maddie reached longingly for Sam's crotch, fumbling with the zip on his jeans, anxious to free his cock but Sam's strong hand gripped hers and moved it firmly away, pulling her to her feet and dragging her across the dance floor to the relative privacy of the bathrooms. Sam pulled Maddie through the door to the men's bathroom and quickly ushered her into the first cubicle hoping that the two guys in the bathroom had not realised what was going on.

With the door shut behind them, Sam turned his attention back to Maddie. She reached up and put her arms around his neck, pulling his face towards hers, kissing him hard. All the pent up passion of the night exploded and reason went sailing off in the warm breeze. All thoughts of what Will would do if he caught her, were firmly buried in the deepest recesses of her mind. The only thing that mattered right now was Sam and what he could do for her aching body.

Sam untied Maddie's dress and slipped it off her shoulders, revealing her big braless breasts. He bent over her to kiss her breasts. Taking the nipple in his hot mouth he sucked lightly whilst caressing the other breast, squeezing it. Maddie was in heaven and she pulled his dark head closer, running her hands through his thick hair.

"Take me in your mouth Maddie." He demanded roughly; his eyes black with need.

Slowly the topless girl sank to her knees in front of Sam and reached up to his crotch, She unzipped his jeans and lowered them then slid his boxers down, Sam's large erection sprang out and Maddie gasped appreciatively at the size of it, it was much bigger than her boyfriend's.

Maddie extended her small right hand and encircled Sam's hotly throbbing member in a possessive grip. Her smooth feminine hand felt exquisitely pleasant, and Sam caught his breath sharply. 

She cupped Sam's balls in her hands and looked up at him. Then she kissed the end of his knob and began working her way down with little kisses and licks until she reached his balls. She sucked each one in turn while wanking the shaft in her soft warm hand. Then she kissed her way back up to the top of his cock. 

Licking her lips with her small pink tongue, Maddie slowly formed her pretty mouth into a wide oval. Leaning forward, she eased her full lips down over the crown of his massive blood-distended cock. 

The full effect of the young girl's hot, wet mouth suddenly hit Sam like a thunderbolt, and his entire body stiffened as if struck by a jolt of electricity.   

"That's the way!" Sam told her in a deliberately controlled voice. 

Maddie held the velvety smooth crown of his stiffly erect penis in her mouth and sucked lightly on it, while at the same time her soft fingers played up and down the throbbing trunk of his elongated manhood. 

She gradually took about half his cock into her mouth and began sucking whilst teasing the end with her tongue. Her hands returned to his balls.  Sam began playing with her big tits, cupping them in his hands and squeezing them together, kneading them and tweaking her sensitive nipples. 

"You're good at this," Sam commented, "I bet you've sucked a lot of dick haven't you?" 

Maddie just groaned and carried on giving Sam a great blowjob. Maddie was working hard on his cock, the head fully inside her mouth, touching her cheek as she swirled her tongue around and around.

"Play with your cunt while you do it!" Sam ordered.

Obediently, Maddie slid her right hand under her short dress, inside her thong and onto her pussy. She began to masturbate, moaning around his cock as she worked first one then two fingers into her sopping wet twat. 

Her mouth continually filled with saliva and, from time to time, she was forced to pause and swallow it with an audible gulp. Thoroughly aroused, the shapely girl continued fingering her wet pussy. 

From his position, Sam could see a feminine finger eagerly exploring between her separated wet pussy lips. Wriggling her ass, Maddie masturbated as she sucked his large prick.

At this point, Sam pushed Maddie's head and shoulders back and pulled his cock out of her mouth. She protested, trying to get his dick back in her mouth, but Sam took her hands away. 

Maddie's magnificent tits stood out firm, the nipples fully erect, pink and stiff. Sam let his cock slide down her neck and down her breastbone until it rested between the two mounds of flesh. 

Sam took one of her hands firmly, putting it on the side of her breast, then the other, pulling it away from the spot where it was rubbing her crotch and placing it on her other ripe tit. Sam slowly pushed her hands together until his cock was buried in the soft pliable tit flesh, the red tip poking up between them. 

Maddie quickly got the idea and began rubbing his hard prick between her tits, sliding her nipples against his engorged organ with her fingers and murmuring in pleasure. Sam stood over her a while, enjoying the sensation of smooth tit flesh against his cock. She continued to move her breasts around his dick, ducking her head to lick and suck at the tip as it emerged from between her tits After a few minutes of this Sam sensed that he was now close. 

"OK, Maddie, Sam said. "Finish me off with your mouth and make sure you swallow!" 

She released his cock from between her big tits and hungrily took it back into her mouth. 

Her right hand returned to her wet pussy and her left cupped his balls. Sam cupped a tit in each hand and played with them as her skilful mouth brought him closer and closer. 

Sam began thrusting forwards, gently fucking her face she moaned and her right hand moved faster underneath her dress. 

Suddenly, Sam could hold himself back no longer, Maddie looked up at him and Sam came in her mouth Clamping his hands powerfully around her head, Sam bolted almost to a standing position. A hot load of thick, sticky fluid smashed against the roof of her mouth, Maddie felt as if a hot fountain of thick cream had been turned on in her mouth. Maddie began swallowing it with loud gulps. Sam could see her voluptuous body quaking as she experienced her own small orgasm.

Sam put his hands on her shoulders, turning her body around. As she turned, his cock popped out of her mouth, bobbing against her hair. Sam lifted Maddie's short dress, her pretty rounded ass presented to his stiff organ. He slid his hands over her smooth buttocks, reaching between her legs and spread them apart. She quickly got the idea, leaning further forward and arranging herself so that her pussy was open to him.

"Oh yes! Sam! Put it in me! Oh please, I'm so hot!" begged Maddie.

Sam knelt behind her and slid his cock under her buttocks, brushing against the soft flesh of her pussy, feeling the soft hairs rubbing against him. Maddie's hands flew between her legs, spreading the pussy lips and he pressed upward with his cock until he could feel the hot hole of her cunt, wet and slippery. His cock stopped just at the entrance.

"Do you want me to put it in?" he asked, rubbing her nipples between his fingers.

"YES!" she almost shouted. "Stop teasing me! Just put it in!"

"Is this what you want?" he teased, slowly entering her cunt from behind."

"Oh Yes!" she said again. "Make me cum again! Oh please make me CUMMMM!"

Her voice rose in pitch as he slowly penetrated her tight channel. He could feel the heat inside her and he pushed forward with his hips as his organ slid right up inside, stopping only when his crotch was tight against her ass. The lining of her lifted dress was cool against his own belly.

"Oh YES!" she cried as he started to fuck her. "Oh Yes! Yes! Deeper! Put it in DEEPER!"
