 Author's Notes: This story is a work of fiction based on relationship I had with a former co-worker. This is an actual fantasy and role-play we shared, that I felt should be put into a story for my readers to enjoy as much as we did.

At no time did Carol and I have a manager/employee relationship. That being said, even though I haven't seen Carol in over twelve years, the fantasy still works for me.

So thank you to the BBW's out there that keep my fantasies alive. I dedicate this story to all of you, and to the BBW lovers like me who fantasize about you every chance we get.

Thank you all for taking the time to read my stories and I look forward to your feedback.

Wishing you all the best,

Don

* * * * *

It was 4:45pm, and the productivity reports were due at the 9:00am meeting. My administrative assistant, Carol, had accidentally deleted the finished report as she was completing the final edit.

I was just packing my briefcase for the trip home when I saw Carol at my door. When she came into my office I knew immediately that something was wrong. I could see it in her face.

"Mr. Stone. Can I speak with you a minute? I... We have a problem."

"Sure Carol. Come on in," I said as pleasantly as I could.

Carol's face was practically ashen as she spoke.

"Mr. Stone. I don't know how I did it, but I accidentally deleted the production reports."

"WHAT?!!"

I didn't mean to be loud or abrupt, but I could picture my career path burning before me. My boss had several executives flying in from the West Coast, and he had tasked my department with putting together a slick and detailed production report for his meeting.

I could see the conversation as clearly as if it was taking place that very instant.

"Jim. My apologies. My assistant accidentally deleted the production report, and (I would chuckle at this point to hopefully break some of the tension) unfortunately you'll be going into the meeting with nothing but your dick in your hands. Sorry about that."

And Jim would look at me with those calm and understanding eyes of his.

"That's alright Don," he would say with a chuckle too. "Believe me. I've had worse happen in my career. I'll muddle through."

As I was leaving his office he would call out to me.

"Oh. By the way. What are you going to be doing at your next job?"

I snapped back to reality.

Carol continued to bring me up-to-date.

"I... I've tried everything. I called Tom in I.T. He looked at my computer and scanned the drive. He told me it was unrecoverable."

I quickly ran the damage assessment and recovery scenarios. Carol obviously recognized the seriousness of the situation and had taken the steps I would have taken.

Dread was oozing from my voice as I asked my first question.

"Did you lose the templates, or just the finished report?"

"No, Mr. Stone. Just the completed reports folder. It held the data entry information and the completed report. I have all the data spreadsheets in hard copy on my desk. I never shred them until the final report is actually printed and approved."

"Damn, she's good," I thought.

I ran my options. I could re-enter the raw data in six to seven hours. Since we still had the templates, it would be a reasonably simple task to enter the final computations into the report format.

The binding office was closed but I could run the finished reports out to a 24-hour printing/binding company. It would cost a bit more, but it certainly wouldn't break my budget.

The more I thought about it the better I liked the idea. Professional binding would really look impressive at the meeting.

I had a late night ahead of me but it was doable. I visibly relaxed.

"Ok Carol," I calmly told her. "It's bad, but it's not the end of the world. You're an excellent employee, and believe me, everybody makes mistakes."

I tried to lighten the moment by joking with her.

"Even I make mistakes. As hard as that may be for you to believe. Why just three years ago I was absolutely sure that I'd made a mistake in one of my reports. Turned out I was mistaken. Actually I was 100% correct in my report. So see. Even I make mistakes."

Carol's face brightened immediately and she laughed with me. I was glad to see that she was ok. I really didn't want her to spend the night overly concerned.

"I've got a long night ahead of me but I'll handle it," I said.

"No Mr. Stone. We'll handle it. This was my mistake and I'm not going to dump it on you."

I took a long hard look at Carol. Even though she had only been with me for six months I held her in high regard. Her stock went up even higher now.

She made a mistake. She attempted to rectify the situation. She brought it to my attention early enough to correct and, she was prepared to work with me in order to resolve the problem.

As the rest of the building was clearing, Carol and I divvied up the spreadsheets and started to work.

The plan was to exchange work stations every hour. This way we could review each other's work and then continue the data entry process.

I threw myself into the work and at the end of the first hour was happy with how much I had accomplished. I had more than a quarter of the spreadsheets entered.

Carol and I traded places.

I was extremely impressed with Carol's work. She was practically a third of the way through her spreadsheets, and after review I found no entry errors.

I got back to work.

After an hour had passed we switched workstations again. When I saw Carol in the hallway, she was somewhat flushed and out of breath.

"Are you okay?," I asked. "Do you need to take a break?"

"No, No, Mr. Stone. I'm fine. Just a hot flash. I just need to get some cold water." She laughed a jittery kind of laugh and she didn't meet my gaze.

I assumed that she was still worried over the report.

"Carol this is going great. We'll be through this in no time. If you need to take a break go ahead. I'm really pleased with the work you're doing."

Carol's face brightened and she looked directly at me.

"Thank you Mr. Stone."

Then she hurried on down the hall to her workstation.

When I got back to my office and sat at the workstation, I was impressed. Well more than half the spreadsheets were completed.

"This is going great," I thought.

I sat back in my chair and thought about the situation. If we continued at this pace, we would be completed the data entry sometime between 8:00pm and 9:00pm. We would have the report printed, and ready to take to the binder by 9:30, at the latest.

I figured I'd offer to buy Carol some dinner while we waited for the binder to do their job. It was the least I could do.

Suddenly I sat bolt upright in my chair.

"Holy shit!," I thought to myself.

I quickly looked over at my open briefcase on the floor beside my desk. A well thumbed copy of "40 PLUS BBW'S" sat on the top of my papers. When I'd seen Carol at my door earlier I had put the briefcase down on the floor on the far side of my desk.

I had planned on putting my copy of the finished report into the briefcase and had neglected to close it.

I looked down at the magazine cover. A gorgeous redhead sat on a desk or table. Her hands cupped her massive breasts, holding them up and displaying them to the cameraman. Her legs were splayed fully open but her pussy was completely blocked by a man's head. The man's face was obviously buried in the redhead's pussy.

Worst of all there was no doubt in my mind that Carol had seen it.

When I had placed the magazine in my briefcase earlier, the magazine was upside-down and the back cover was visible. 

This didn't make me feel any better. The picture on the back cover was a close-up of the man's cock. He was massaging the tip of his massive cock in a pool of gism. The gism was pooled across the massive ass of the redhead.

I couldn't figure which picture I was going to be happier explaining to the Human Resources Manager during my exit interview.

"Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!," I thought as I tried to think up an apology to Carol. Carol was a big woman and exceptionally attractive. I could imagine what she thought of me now.

She was always conservatively dressed. I couldn't recall ever seeing buttons on her blouse that weren't closed up to the neck, or maybe one button hole down. She always wore a skirt that fell to the knees, or a pant suit. Her glasses completed the ensemble. She just always looked and acted the consummate professional.

Despite her conservative appearance I imagined what she would look like seated on my desk with my face buried in her pussy. I wouldn't mind leaving a pool of gism on her massive ass either.

I figured I had better get this out of the way. Carol probably wanted to go home and get away from the pervert. I could see her talking about the incident with her co-workers as security escorted me from the building.

"FUCK!," I said out loud. "This day can't possibly get any worse," I thought to myself and I headed off down the hall to face the music.

To my surprise Carol was just coming out of her office.

"Carol, I guess we need to talk," I said sheepishly.

Carol looked different somehow. She had put on make-up, and the scent of her freshly applied perfume permeated the hallway. Her suit jacket was off, and her blouse was open exposing her cleavage, allowing me to see part of a jet black brassiere.

My cock began to harden at the sight. This was a Carol I never expected to ever see. Apparently she didn't expect to see me either.

"Mr. Stone!?," she said with unmasked surprise. "I was just going to the ladies room."

I looked at her quizzically.

"I was just going to freshen up. It's so hot in here."

It was a nice try, but even with the perfume, the smell of her sex was pervasive. The fingers of her right hand were wet. My cock hardened more as I thought about WHY they might be wet.

I reached down, grabbed Carol's wrist, and pulled her hand up in front of my face. The scent was unmistakable. My administrative assistant had very recently been fingering her pussy.

Before she could say anything I began to lick and suckle her fingers, slowly licking her juices off of each individual finger. My eyes were locked on Carol's to gauge her reaction.

Carol looked like she was going to faint. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her mouth dropped open.

Her left hand crossed her chest as if she was grabbing her heart, but instead her hand slid inside her brassiere and began to squeeze her breast. She was moaning softly.

I finished licking her juices from my fingers.

"Damn. All gone. I'm going to need to get some more."

I squatted in front of Carol and grasped the waist band of her skirt. I pulled it down to the floor, and Carol quickly stepped out of it. She had apparently removed her pantyhose and panties. A dark triangle of wet bush covered the slit that I so longed to taste.

Carol finally spoke.

"Oh Mr. Stone. I never thought that I... that you... would want me. I haven't been with a man for almost four years. Oh my god you make me wet."

I stood up and pulled Carol into my arms. I kissed her passionately, sucking her tongue into my mouth, my tongue excitedly exploring hers. I ground my cock against her belly as we kissed, and I could feel her pushing back against me.

Finally I broke the kiss.

"Carol every inch of me wants you."

I placed Carol's right hand onto the throbbing ballbat still inside my slacks.

"Granted, some inches more than others," I laughed.

I led Carol back down the hall to my office. There was more room, and my carpet was a soft shag.

Carol had stripped off her blouse and brassiere, and they lay in the hallway like a trail of breadcrumbs. She stood before me totally nude.

I quickly stripped off my clothing and stood before her. My cock stood straight out, aiming directly at her as if to point the way. It throbbed in its excitement, causing it to bob up and down. 

The effect it had on Carol was hypnotic. Her head bobbed in time as she watched it.

Finally she looked up at me. She moistened her lips with her tongue as she spoke.

"Can I touch it, Mr. Stone?" 

Her voice was soft and sweet with an almost childlike innocense.

"Absolutely Carol," I replied. "I want you to touch it. I want you to touch it a lot."

My cock lurched as she grasped it with her soft hands.

"Oh my god Mr. Stone. It's so hard."

She rubbed the tip of it across her belly. A trail of precum smeared across the wide expanse.

It felt great. I wanted to cum on her belly. I wanted to smear and massage my hot, sticky cum into her skin. 

Carol had other ideas though. She suddenly released my cock and laid down on the floor, spreading her legs wide open. The sight of her exposed slit, dripping vaginal juices, almost made me cum as I stood there.

Carol's eyes were lust-filled, and when she spoke to me her voice was throaty and breathless.

"I want you to fuck me Mr. Stone. I want you to fuck me like you would fuck that whore in the magazine. I want every drop of your cum in me. Every last sperm cell in your balls needs to be squirted deep in my fucking pussy."

When I look back at it I probably should have known better. I probably should have acted better. I probably should have run the Rolodex® in my mind of Human Resource directives on in-office romances, but...

A beautiful naked woman is laying on the carpet of my office, begging me to bury my cock deep inside of a ready and willing vagina. My cock, at this point is so hard, so long, and so heavy, that it physically hurts to let it stand freely. 

If the Human Resources Manager was there that moment I would have told her to go fuck herself. There was no way it wasn't going to happen.

I knelt down and placed the head of my cock at the gaping opening exposed before me. I looked into Carol's eyes. She was staring back intently at me. There was no mistaking the determination in her voice.

"FUCK ME!!"

My cockhead drove through the folds of her outer labia. My cock never felt so alive. It was if each nerve was recording the event for posterity.

The tip passed through the inner labia, driving deeper into her vagina. I could feel her pubic hairs tickling my shaft as it passed.

Carol was bucking under me, trying to urge me to go deeper, quickly. My cock felt like a salmon swimming upstream during mating season. I could actually feel Carol's vaginal fluids flowing across my cockhead.

Deeper and deeper I screwed my cock into the depths of her vaginal canal. I was a man on a mission. A mission to boldly put my cockhead where no man had gone before. I wanted my cock so deep that it would be lost forever, unable to find its way back out.

Carol was beside herself. She urged me deeper. Urged me to empty my balls in her. I didn't recognize her at all when she spoke.

"Fuck me deeper you fuck!! Treat me like a slut!! Fuck me like a whore!! You don't leave me until I have it all, you fuckin'..."

My cock was as deep as it could possibly go. Carol's outburst of vulgar sex talk was having its effect on me though. My cock was actually stretching for every last millimeter. My cockslit was kissing and massaging her cervix. I was loving every second of this.

I pulled back and drove forward, hard. I stared down at Carol's face. I wanted to see the exact moment that her orgasm overtook her. I wanted to time it as best I could so that I came simultaneously. I started urging her on.

"Come on you slut. Take my cock deeper. You know you want it, you fucking whore. You think I wanted to fuck that magazine whore hard? You have no idea what I'm going to do to your poor little pussy of yours."

Carol was enjoying the game. Her eyes were starting to glaze over and I could tell that she wouldn't last much longer. Her pussy was a virtual maelstrom of fluid. 

My cock had developed a steady but rough rhythm. I wanted to drive her into my carpet. Impale my slutty assistant so that she'd split in two.

"Oh fuck Mr. Stone. You're so fuckin' deep. Fuck my slutty little cunt. OH GOD!! YOU"RE MAKING ME CUM ALL OVER YOUR FUCKING COCK!! OH MY GODDDD!!!"

Carol lost control and I watched her face contort in a mask that evoked pain and pleasure that was immeasurable. She was my assistant Carol, but she was a sexual animal unleashed. I wanted to cum in both. I had to cum in both.

"CUM IN ME YOU FUCK. PLEASE CUM IN ME. I WANT TO FEEL YOU CUMMING SO BADDDD!!," Carol was practically crying.

The muscles of Carol's vaginal walls contracted like an anaconda. They were so tight, milking me, forcing me to give up my seed.

The feeling was too intense. Even my balls and scrotum felt stiff.

My cock was on fire and granite hard. I drove it into her over and over again. Pounding her, hammering my fucktool against her cervix. Driving her into the floor. I could practically feel the carpet fibers on the tip of my cock as I drove ever deeper. 

She was delirious with joy. Screaming at me. Begging for me to cum.

"OH GOD MR. STONE!! PLEASE FUCK ME HARDER! I LOVE IT! FUCK MY CUNT! CUM IN ME! CUM IN MY FUCKIN' PUSSY! OH MY GOD!!! I WANT IT ALL!!! I WANT EVERY LAST DROP!!! OH FUCKKKKK!!!"

I drove down as deeply as I could and let fly with a torrent of gism.

"OH JEEZ CAROL!! I'M CUMMING IN YOU!! OHHHHH FUCK, YOUR FUCKIN' PUSSY FEELS SO FUCKIN' GOOD!! OHHH GODDDD!!!"

As I drove into her again, my cock jerked and spasmed uncontrollably. Jet after jet of hot, thick, spunk burst from my cockslit and blasted the walls of her pussy. 

I'd never felt such suction in a woman's womb before. It was almost as if her pussy was a mouth, sucking my dick voraciously.

We were moaning and screaming together in unison. Her lost in her orgasm, and I in mine.

Her legs were scissored behind me, pulling me closer against her. My hands gripped her ass as if my life depended on it. I pulled myself in tighter, and drove my cock deeper, with each succeeding stroke.

Never in my life had I had a woman like Carol. It seemed as if she didn't want me to pull out at all. She only wanted my cock, as deep as it would go inside of her, bucking and twitching as my sperm burst into her.

Another blast of cum surged into her. With each ejaculation, my sperm-laden balls emptied more and more of what she so desperately craved into her hot box.

My sperm, mixed with her vaginal juices, formed a soupy mixture that squished and slopped with each successive downward stroke. My rock-hard cock stirring the mixture, ensuring that no area of her womb would be denied.

Still I had more to deliver. My dick erupted in a rapid-fire succession of spurts. More creamy white cum deposited deep inside of her. I loved the feeling as the walls of her vagina gobbled my rod, squeezing to get each and every drop.

She hugged me to her, content that she had achieved her goal. 

My testicles spent with nothing left, every available sperm cell gone to their new home, I was reduced to an occasional spasmodic jerk as the last vestiges of seminal fluid dripped into her.

To this day I've always wondered how we were able to finish the report that night. Well let me rephrase that. To this day I've always wondered how we were able to finish the report in the wee hours of the morning.

Carol had a sexual appetite that was beyond compare. We never put our clothes back on that night, and every time either of us thought of something we'd like to do with the other, we simply did it.

My impression of Carol, both as a worker, and as a lover were redefined that night.

Of course I still wonder if I should ever tell her that losing the report was not her fault. She had saved it, and left it up on the screen when she had taken a break. 

I had seen her do it many times before. She explained that it was her way of knowing exactly where she had left off.

I had saved the report file to disk and taken it with me. When Carol came back from break, I caught her at her workstation, and asked her to bring up several spreadsheets that I ostensibly needed right away. She closed the report and jumped right on my request.
