 Brian is my best friend. I've shared everything with him. He was there when I got the divorce papers, he was there when mom got sick. He's always been there! Now he was leaving, and I'm devastated. Sliding back against the pillows, I felt the early morning sun warming me. All I could think of was that Brian would move out of state, I'd hardly see him. I know there are always phone calls, long weekends, but not the same. 

With a heavy sigh I rolled over, my nightgown twisting between my legs. I closed my eyes...it's been so long since I've been fucked good and proper. That's one thing Brian and I never shared. I wonder why? He is a stunning man with black hair, olive complexion and a noble straight nose. Ohhhhhh and those intense eyes, such a deep velvety brown. Eyes that can see into your soul. Just thinking of Brian made my nipples grow hard and that familiar ache between my legs made itself known. The sun coming in through the window only added to my heat, as it touched my skin.

With determination I decided I needed to speak to Brian face to face. Quickly running a brush through my hair, washing up and getting dressed. In my hurry, undergarments were forgotten, just a pair of jeans, button down shirt, and my boots. Glancing in the mirror I paused. My breasts not very large, but firm and up turned, weren't bad. I undid a button showing just a swell of each breast. The jeans clung to me showing off my long legs and well shaped bottom. My auburn hair glimmered in the sunlight as it fell about my shoulders. Yes, I needed to speak to Brian. Grabbing car keys, I was out the door. 

The entire drive over, my thoughts surprised me. My jeans insistently rubbing against my bare pussy only caused my nipples to pucker. Maybe this is a mistake. No, it can't be. There is something here I missed and was sure I needed to find out what it is. Brain always slept in on Saturdays and I knew I'd find him home. Parking in front of his apartment house, I barely locked the door before I was running up the stairs.

Standing in front of his apartment door I started feeling foolish. This is silly, Brain is just the dearest friend I ever had and the thought of him moving is making me frantic. With a short laugh I rang the bell. Within moments a sleepy Brain was opening the door. My breath caught as I noticed all he wore were pajama pants. My eyes scanned over his exposed chest, and all I could think of was when did he develop all those muscles. His body was sleek, well made, and damn I was getting hotter by the second. I averted my eyes as I knew they would reveal all to him.

Brain asked, "What's up hon, it's kind of early even for you." He sat down on the couch and stretched out his long legs. 

I didn't think this far ahead. Now what was I going to say. Ok, be calm this is Brain. Clearing my throat I hesitantly started, "um, Brian....why is it we never...you know?" Whew ok I said it.

He looked up with those beautiful eyes that saw right through me. He laughed softly, "Hon, your just getting nervous. I'll always be here for you. What's going on in your mind?" 

Turning beat red, I spoke calmly, "No, it's more than that Brain. I feel like we have something and I missed it." Moving next to him on the couch, he drew me into his arms. 

"Why think about that now Diane? We've known each other a long time. Your just worried about my move. I promise it will be ok." Tipping my chin with his finger he kissed me soft. I moaned just as soft, taking us both by surprise. He groaned and held me close.

Brain spoke so quietly it seemed he was whispering, "I have wanted you for so long. I just couldn't stay near you and not have you any longer. I need to move away. Understand Diane...I need to do this for me."

It became so clear and I was such a fool. Everything I wanted and needed was just under my nose and I never looked. 

I moved closer against Brain and now holding his face between my trembling hands I kissed him with all my soul. Trying to let all those unspoken words be said as my lips gently caressed his. I began to taste his lips and wanted a deeper taste. Parting my lips just slightly my tongue teased his lower lip until he parted his own. The kiss became overwhelming as my heart pounded. He held me so tight and deepened the kiss. Taking control his tongue darted into my mouth, then delved in. Tasting all of me, running his tongue over my teeth, until our tongues were entwined and we were both breathless. 

Our mouths parted, and in a ragged voice Brain asked, "Are you really sure Diane? Really sure?" Nodding quickly I whispered, "Yes, Brain more sure than I've ever been."

He groaned so deeply as he took my mouth again. His hands caressing my back, holding my head still for the onslaught of his mouth. I trembled against him and felt like I was be engulfed in flames. He sat back and held me in front of him. Slowly undoing each button of my shirt until I was revealed. My chest quickly rising and falling with my awakened passion. He looked at me and told me, my breasts were as beautiful as he had always envisioned. His hands cupped each one, and ran a thumb over both aching nipples. He dipped his head forward and took a nipple into his mouth. First lapping at it with his tongue, then flicking it. Finally drawing on me until I thought I would cum right then and there. His fingertips teasing the other nipple, then mouth and fingers trading places. With a deep groan he said,"more"....and stood. Taking me into his arms, I felt his hands shaking as badly as mine as he went to undo my jeans. Opening them and sliding them down my legs until I was able to step out of them.

He swooped me up into his arms and carried me into the bedroom. Following me down onto the bed he covered me with his body. Kissing me down my neck and exploring all of me. His hand skimmed down my long waist, cradled my hip, across my belly until he cupped my mound. I couldn't remain still as I felt his fingers find my heat. My hands just as eager as his, I caressed his shoulders, down his back, feeling his strength. His skin was as hot as mine. His breathing raw and fast. 

Leaning back on an elbow, his eyes feasted on me. I writhed and softly whispered, "Please, Brain take me now." He smiled that heart stopping smile of his, "Hon I can't wait longer myself." I drew his pajamas off, revealing his hard cock. He was so beautiful, I lowered my head and kissed his cock head and heard him quickly draw in a breath. My lips parting as I licked up his length, twirling my tongue around his tip until I tasted him. Sucking him into my mouth until he filled me completely. My lips tightly wrapping around him until I groaned. He ran his fingers through my hair and urgently spoke, "Hon I want to be in you...I need to be you." 

Pressing me back, my hair spread out on the pillow, as he mounted me. My legs came up to wrap around his waist. Looking into my eyes he said, "Diane look at me, know it's me inside you." I groaned as I felt him at my entrance. He slowly pressed into me, as I whimpered below him. 

When he began stroking I shattered, my orgasm so hard, my muscles began clenching his cock. I heard him groan as he throbbed deep inside of me. Our hearts pounded against each other as he held me tight against him. His mouth coming down and devouring mine as he came.

We stayed like that until he grew hard again. His hips slowly moving. Our passions slowly building. This time we leisurely enjoyed each other. I drifted off in his arms as I heard his deep voice calling the movers to cancel.