 Thank you to Angel Love for editing my story.

_______________________________

"Maggie, It's Mr. Safran. I was wondering if you could babysit tonight. Sorry it's short notice, but my wife is out of town, and I have a dinner to go to for work. Would you be able to come over and watch Sarah for a little bit?"

"Of course Mr. Safran. What time do you want me to be there," Maggie asked. She didn't have any plans. The cute 19 year old was on summer break from college and was looking for a job to earn some money. She didn't have a boyfriend, because boys her age seemed so immature. She did, however, have a crush on Justin Safran. 

"How about seven o'clock? I will be out late, so you may want to spend the night. Let me make sure that's okay with your mom." After talking to Maggie's mother, Justin hung up the phone then went to pack up Sarah's things. His wife was out of town, but Justin didn't have a dinner engagement. He wanted to turn Maggie into his own personal slut. He wanted more kids, but his wife couldn't have any more kids, so his plan was to knock up Maggie, and then when she was pregnant, and her mother kicked her out of the house, Justin had an apartment near his office for her to live and raise his children. 

Justin dropped Sarah off at his mother's and then came home to prepare his bedroom for Maggie's impregnation. He got a few vibrators out, and some condoms (which he put holes in), and some rope to tie her to the bed. He didn't know how she would respond to his seduction, but he had some wine for her to loosen up. 

At seven o'clock sharp, Maggie rang the doorbell. Justin answered the door and took her duffel bag from her shoulder. He told her to have a seat on the couch while he put her bag in the guest room. On his way back to the living room, he stopped in the kitchen to pour two glasses of wine. He gave one glass to Maggie and sat down next to her on the couch. 

"Maggie, I have a little confession to make . . . I didn't need you to babysit. Sarah is at my mom's. I actually find you very attractive, and wanted to spend some time alone with you."

Maggie couldn't believe it. Mr. Safran thought she was attractive. Her cheeks reddened, and she took a sip of her wine. "I like you, too," Maggie whispered. She took another sip of wine, and realized the glass was empty. How did she finish that glass so fast?

Justin got up and brought the bottle of wine from the kitchen. He poured her another glass. She wasn't quite ready for his moves, yet, but she was getting close. "So, do you have a boyfriend," Justin asked his sweet little teenager.

Maggie leaned back on the sofa, feeling a little more relaxed, and replied, "no, I don't. I always thought boys my age were too immature." She uncrossed her legs to reveal more of her delicious thighs. 

Justin moved a little closer to Maggie. "Have you ever had sex, Maggie," he questioned. He let his hand fall onto her knee, and he started to rub her thigh. 

Maggie's legs opened a little wider. "No. I wanted my first time to be with someone with some experience . . . someone like you." Justin's hand wandered up higher on Maggie's leg as he leaned over to kiss her. The kiss was gentle at first, but became rougher the longer it lasted. While they were kissing, Justin moved his hand under Maggie's skirt, and felt a thong, which he easily moved aside so his fingers could start playing with her moist slit. 

Maggie was enjoying the kiss and couldn't believe this was happening. She had wanted this for so long, but didn't think it would happen as long as Mr. Safran was married. She hoped he had condoms, because the only thing she didn't want was to get pregnant. She had plans for her future, and didn't want them ruined. As Mr. Safran's one hand played with her slit, his other hand started unbuttoning her blouse. Once he had it unbuttoned, he asked Maggie to remove her blouse and bra. Once her upper body was bared, Justin started licking and biting Maggie's left tit while his free hand massaged her right breast. Maggie was getting really moist and she could feel something building in the pit of her stomach. Justin kept playing with Maggie's tits and slit. He found her clit and started massaging that relentlessly which pushed Maggie over the edge.

"OH MY GOD . . . I THINK I'M CUMMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Justin could feel her juices wash over his hand as he continued to massage her clit. Once she started coming down from her orgasm, his lips moved up to meet hers in a tongue tangling kiss. "Get out of the rest of your clothes . . . NOW" Justin screamed. It was now time to teach her who was boss. 

Maggie was a little frightened by his tone of voice, but did as she was told. While she was getting out of her clothes, Mr. Safran unfastened his jeans and slid them down to his ankles and stepped out of them. Then he positioned his cock at Maggie's mouth. She had never seen a penis before, and Mr. Safran's was so big. She didn't think it would fit in her vagina, let alone her mouth. 

Justin grabbed hold of Maggie's hair, and pulled back to force her to open her mouth. Once her mouth was opened, he shoved his cock inside. "Suck it bitch. Lick it up and down and suck it like it was a lollipop," he instructed. 

Once she started to get the hang of it, he started pistoning his cock in and out of her mouth. He could feel his cock going down her throat and loved the feeling of being deep throated. He could tell Maggie was gagging, and instructed her to breath through her nose. "Play with my balls, my sweet little slut. You're my little slut, aren't you? You're enjoying this?" 

His hand reached down to play with Maggie's cunt again, and this time he inserted a finger into her tight little love box. Justin could feel the cum building in his balls. The more she played with his balls, the stronger the feeling got. He couldn't hold it anymore, and he erupted into Maggie's throat. She was forced to swallow his cum. 

Mr. Safran pulled his soft cock out of Maggie's sore mouth. Justin continued fingering her hole until she had another orgasm. While she was still on the high from her orgasm, he picked her up and carried her to his bedroom. He placed her on his bed, and then proceeded to tie her wrists and ankles to the bed posts. He then placed a pillow under her ass. Maggie started to scream, and struggle against the restraints. 

"What have I gotten myself into," she thought. Justin didn't expect the screaming, and bent over to kiss her to keep the screaming down. He forced his tongue deep into her mouth while his hand reached for the drawer next to his bed and he pulled out a ball gag. Once she was silenced, Justin laid down on the bed in between her legs, and started to lick up and down her slit. His hands roamed up to her tits to massage them while his tongue penetrated her sweet little canal. She could tell she was close to cumming, and he was hard again, so he pulled away from her and moved up her body to bite and lick her hardened nipples. 

Maggie had calmed down, and wasn't squirming as much. "That's my girl. I know you'll enjoy everything I will ever do to you. You will soon be marked as my little slut. You will never be with another man as long as I live, unless I approve. Your cunt is mine, and only mine. I will own you, and you will do everything I say. If I want to get you pregnant, you will get pregnant. If I want to fuck your sweet little ass, I will fuck your ass. If I want one of my friends to fuck you, they will fuck you. Do you understand that?" Maggie nodded her head. 

"Good, my dear. Tomorrow, you will go home. When your mom finds out you're pregnant, she will throw you out of the house. At that time, you will move into an apartment that I will have set up for you near my office. You will be ready for me, morning, noon and night. I'm going to remove this gag from you now, so you can suck my cock back into shape so I can fuck your little cunt and knock you up." Justin released the gag, and replaced it with his cock. Maggie was becoming an outstanding cocksucker.  

While he was pushing his cock in and out of Maggie's mouth, he reached down to rub her clit to get her ready for his fucking. Maggie soon worked his cock back up to full mast, and he climbed in between her legs, and positioned his cock in front of her entrance. 

"Beg me for it, you little whore, beg me." 

"Please fuck me, Mr. Safran, please fuck me with your rock hard cock." Maggie couldn't believe those words were coming out of her mouth. He had turned her into a cock hungry slut. She felt her cunt aching to be penetrated. "I have to have your cock. Please fill me up." 

Justin needed no further encouragement and slammed his cock into her cunt, breaking through her hymen. Maggie screamed out in pain, as she became a woman. Justin stopped to let her adjust for a minute, and then slowly started to pump in and out of her cunt. "Oh, you are so tight, Maggie. I love your tight, hot cunt," he whispered into her ear. 

"Oh, Mr. Safran, please fill me up with your cum. I want to carry your baby. I want to be your personal slut. You made me your whore." Maggie's hips were bucking to meet Justin's thrusts. She couldn't get enough of his cock inside of her. 

Soon, Justin couldn't hold back anymore. The dirty words coming out of Maggie's mouth, and the tight cunt hugging his cock were too much for him. He slammed into Maggie's cunt one last time, and unloaded a ton of cum into the fertile womb. 

When his cock stopped pouring out cum, Justin collapsed on top of Maggie. After his softened cock slipped out of her cunt, he rolled to her side. He untied her hands and ankles, then settled in to lay beside her. His hand started rubbing her stomach. "This is where my baby will soon be growing," he said before kissing her. "I want you in every way imaginable. Rest for now my darling, and I'll have you a few more times before I send you home tomorrow."

Justin and Maggie fell asleep in each others arms . . . until he woke up to Maggie sucking his cock.

To be continued . . . 