 Steve felt his erection grow as he watched Gillian undress. She'd already had him strip naked, her curly brown hair resting on her shoulders. Steve watched her fingers unbutton the red silk blouse filled by her full breasts. She slipped it from her shoulders, revealing the black lace bra underneath. She smiled at him as she ran her small hands over her firm breasts, her nails painted red. 

Gillian unzipped her long black skirt, slipping it down her shapely legs. Steves gaze took in the view of black lace knickers, the expanse of tanned thigh, then her black hold up stockings, and finally knee high leather boots. She removed her bra, spilling her round, smooth orbs. Her eyes fixed on the swollen head of his cock as she slipped her lace knickers down her thighs, baring her freshly trimmed pussy, a strip of short dark curls like an arrow pointing to her clitoris. 

She stepped towards Steve, still shorter than him even though she wore boots. Her arms closed around his shoulders as they kissed, their tongues delving in one another's mouths. His hands caressed her back, pulling her closer, crushing her ripe, warm breasts to his chest. He kissed her neck as his hands slipped further down her back, cupping her round buttocks. Steve crouched slightly, allowing his thick erection to spring free between her thighs. He felt the head nestle against the warm moist entrance to Gillian's slippery pussy. 

He slowly rose, driving himself into her, making her murmur slightly as his shaft penetrated her. Steve felt Gillian's soft lips against his neck, her hands over his bare shoulders. He straightened suddenly, lifting her onto the toes of her boots, impaling her on his cock, his hands supporting her under her buttocks. She moaned loudly as Steve's swollen head throbbed deep inside of her. He began to tilt his hips, rocking his erection inside her warmth. As he moved, Gillian began to pant, her stockinged legs lifting to twine around his, her booted feet pressed against his calves, supporting herself. 

Her red nails began to scratch down Steve's back, her stockings smooth against his thighs. Steve groaned as Gillian rhythmically clenched her pussy, her labia trying to pull him deeper into her. Her hard nipples pressed at him and they kissed again, licking and nibbling each others lips and tongues. Her moans grew louder as their bodies gently rocked together. Her soft lips and tongue caressed the muscles of Steve's shoulders as he held her on his cock, squeezing her bum, one finger gently teasing between her buttocks. He felt his balls twitch, her erotic moans keeping time with her squeezing pussy. 

His little finger circled and pushed at her anus, making her whimper as it slid into her bum. Gillian cried out loudly, her body shaking as her orgasm came, her breath hot on Steve's neck as she licked it. He grunted, her orgasmic cries dying away, then rising again as the feel of cock swelling and exploding hot cum into her drove her over the edge once more. Steve lowered Gillian back to her feet. 

She collapsed back onto the sofa, her breasts heaving, sweat sheened thighs parted. Steve knelt and unzipped her boots, the tip of his tongue tracing down her smooth calves as he did so. He pulled them off, baring her stockinged feet. Steve slowly brushed his sticky, semi hard cock over Gillian's toes, making her giggle slightly. He peeled the black stockings down her legs, before placing kisses over her inner thighs, nibbling at the soft skin. 

She sat back, stretching her legs wide apart, exposing her gleaming pussy, the lips swollen from their fucking. Gillian gasped as Steve's lips touched her labia in a soft kiss. His fingers massaged her calves and soft thighs. His mouth caressed her pussy, carefully avoiding her clitoris. He moved his face lower between her stretched thighs, her dark hairs tickling his nose as the tip of his tongue touched the lowest crease between her buttocks. Steve swept it over her sensitive perineum, on to trace the outlines of her puffy lips, making her gasp again. 

His tongue worked slowly and tirelessly, her oversensitive gasps dying down to aroused panting. Steve looked up briefly to see her, eyes closed, one firm breast lifted, nipple under the attention of her own wet tongue. He lifted one hand to her stomach, the thumb resting on the top of her pelvis. He pressed it down and away from himself, pulling away the hood hiding her stiff, pink clitoris. He gently blew across the ultra sensitive bud of flesh, making Gillian moan loudly, her hips squirming. 

Then he lowered his face, his chin rubbing against her lips, his lips closing around her clitoris, sucking hard. She groaned, hips writhing. Steve flicked his tongue across and around the bud. She began to grind her pussy into his mouth, desperate to feel him tongue her. He alternated between her sweet slit and her hard clit, her cries loud, his hands pushing her slender legs wide apart, straining the thigh muscles. Her hands pressed on the back of his head as his mouth attacked her faster, pushing him hard against her dripping pussy, filling his mouth with her tasty pinkness. Steve lapped up the beads of juice forming on her inner lips, knowing her climax was close. 

Gillian's thighs tightened under his hands, bucking her pussy up into his face as she howled. Her second orgasm hammered through her, making her juice squirt as she achieved an ejaculation, the jet tingling on Steve's tongue. 

Her body relaxed as the climax subsided, neck and chest flushed red. Steve softly kissed her stomach and breasts as she recovered. He massaged her small feet. Gillian beckoned him up onto the sofa. He sat on the smooth leather, her arm closing around his shoulders. Steve stroked her face as they kissed, her tongue slipping along his inside his mouth. As they kissed, she grew more urgent, her tongue lashing wildly, and then her fingernails raked down his back . 

Her hands gripped Steve's buttocks tightly, digging her nails in. In a fit of wild passion, Gillian threw herself at Steve, forcing him back on the sofa, leaning over him, taking control. She kissed his neck and shoulders, her tongue lapping across his chest before circling his nipple. Her mouth lowered, sucking Steve's stiff nipple. Gillian was looking into his eyes when he started as her teeth latched onto his nipple. She smiled wickedly as she tugged it. Releasing Steve's nipple, she repeated her actions with the other, then kissed over his stomach. 

Her full breasts pressed to his legs, she stopped her kissing when the swollen head of his thick cock pressed under her chin. Gripping around the base with thumb and forefinger, Gillian breathed over it, her hot breath teasing him in return for teasing her clitoris. 

Her tongue slipped slowly from her mouth, the tip pressing where his shaft joined his balls. She oh-so-slowly brought her pink tongue along the thick vein under his cock, then flickered it against the sensitive patch below the head. A moan escaped Steve's lips as she opened her mouth wide. He watched as his cock disappeared into Gillian's mouth, feeling nothing as she steered his thick shaft expertly, so it didn't touch anything until her nose rested in his pubic hair, and he felt her velvet throat on his head. 

He felt Gillian's tongue join in, slowly circling around his shaft, teasing across the head. Then she closed her mouth, and her lips latched around his granite hard cock. Her mouth felt deliciously hot and moist, like a second pussy. Steve felt her begin to suck deeply, her cheeks pulling in as he moaned softly. Her whole mouth caressed him, lips, tongue, cheeks, throat, breath. She just held him like that, buried in her throat. She came up slowly and smiled at Steve as she breathed deeply, his cock glistening with her spit from base to tip. Then, suddenly, she devoured him. 

Gillian's head bounced furiously at Steve's lap, his hard cock hammering into her throat. He grunted and gasped as Gillian took him deep into her mouth, her own moans buzzing along his shaft. Her teasing fingers tantalisingly caressed his balls, bum, and thighs, occasionally scratching with her nails. He jumped when her teeth nipped his foreskin gently, a wicked look in her eyes as he brushed back her curly chestnut hair. Her firm breasts bounced between his parted legs, the ripe orbs hitting the soft leather. 

Steve felt his balls lift, on the brink of orgasm. Gillian felt it too, and slurped him furiously. He cried out loudly, his hips bucking as he pumped thick, hot cum into Gillian's mouth. He felt her gulping, milking every drop of sticky fluid, swallowing hungrily. 

Steve collapsed back, his softening cock slipping from her mouth. Licking her lips she lay on top of him. He stroked her shapely body as they recovered, her breasts crushed to his chest. He watched her smile and lick some of her cum from the corner of her mouth. Steve felt himself hardening yet again, pressing at her belly as she lay on him. Gillian eased one hand between them, and he felt her cool fingers close around his sticky, swelling head. 

She slithered up his body, her legs parting until his new erection jutted between them. She sat back on her knees, taking Steve inside her warm depths again. He pulled her down, her breasts settled against his face. Taking his revenge, Steve caught one nipple between his teeth and tugged on it. She smiled mockingly at his gentle tug. He pulled more. She reached back and held his balls, gently tweaking them. Her smile dared him. He pulled her nipple hard with his teeth. She squealed and giggled like a naughty girl, then sharply tugged on Steve's heavy balls. He gasped, releasing her nipple. 

She laughed, schoolgirl giggle swapped for throaty dominatrix. Still holding his balls, she pushed her other nipple into his mouth and began to ride him. Steve sucked and bit Gillian's nipples as she rose and fell on his cock, her hand filled with his balls. Gillian wriggled her hips rhythmically, grinding Steve's swollen cock head against her g-spot. She growled throatily, tweaking her sensitive clitoris. 

Grinning, Steve tugged her nipple again, making her smile and slide her hips, flexing his cock. He was amazed when her orgasm hit quickly, and released how aroused she must have become purely from sucking his cock. She circled and groaned, her juice warm and slick as her fingers massaged into his balls. Steve felt his own orgasm hovering on the brink, and then she rubbed between his balls and ass. Steve came suddenly, hips rocking as he came inside Gillian's inviting pussy for the second time. 

She lay forward, her tongue finding his mouth, kissing him slowly and deeply. He stroked her brown hair as she lay her head on his shoulder and dozed, exhausted by her amazing session of charged, passionate sex with her sons best friend.