 "What do you think about bringing in a maid?" asked Sarah.

"A maid?"

"Well things are a lot busier around here with Lisa living with us, and our modeling, and you work such long hours. And we've got the extra money now."

"Well, it would be convenient. You thinking of using a service?"

"Actually, the other reason I got the idea was because my cousin could use the job. You remember Becky? She graduated last year and wants to move out on her own. I thought we could help her and make things easier on us at the same time."

Dan nodded. She seemed like a nice girl when they met a few years ago. "Sure, let's try her out."

A few days later, Becky arrived for her first day on the job. Dan was startled when he saw her; she certainly wasn't the kid he remembered. She had bloomed into adulthood and become a radiant young woman. She had also filled out considerably; the fabric of her t-shirt was stretched to the point of near-transparency over her breasts, and her large nipples pressed prominently against the thin material.

He swallowed at the sight and made an effort to keep his eyes high on her face. That was distracting, too, though. Her eyes were bright green and beautiful beneath the fiery red curls of her hair, and she had full, pouty lips, perpetually moist from the gloss she wore.

"Hi Dan," she chirped cheerfully.

"Ah, hi Becky. You sure have grown up," he said. She seemed pleased by the compliment, glancing down to hide a blush and smile.

"You think so?" she asked. "Thanks! I was a little nervous starting my first job but you're making me feel right at home." 

She laid a hand lightly on his arm as she swished past him. He turned to watch, eyes coming to rest on the knit skirt swaying loosely over her perfect little behind. Her curvy legs were obscured, not covered, by the lacy garment. He thought he could see a bit of skin peeking through its small holes all the way up to the smooth round cheeks of her ass.

"I'll go say hi to Sarah before she goes," she said, glancing over her shoulder at him. He thought she was smirking a bit as she stepped into the kitchen.

Dan almost forgot, Sarah had decided to schedule Becky for Saturdays because that was when she and Lisa had a regular photo shoot to go to. They'd be out of the way while she worked, and she'd be done cleaning by the time they got home.

"You're getting way too big to go without a bra, girl," he heard his wife say with mild exasperation.

"Yeah, but I just can't stand them."

"Nobody likes-okay, never mind. Bye-bye," said Sarah, shaking her head. "Thanks again for helping us out like this!"

"No, thank you," said Becky. "I could really use the money, and all I have to do is hang out at my favorite cousin's house and straighten things up? This is a great job for me!"

"That's what family's for," said Sarah, giving Becky a kiss on the cheek.

Lisa came around the corner and paused by Dan, giving him a soft kiss on the lips, with just a taste of tongue, before passing by and opening the door for Sarah. Becky's eyes widened for just a second at that, but then she closed the door after them and turned to Dan with a smile.

"Don't you worry about a thing, Dan," she said. "You can just pretend I'm not even here."

"Well that's good to know, but I don't want to ignore you, Becky; you're not some stranger working for us after all!"

"Oh no, my job is to make things easier for you, not impose on you on your day off. I want you to do whatever you would usually be doing."

"We can still talk while you work."

"Ok, you can pay as much or as little attention as you like, then," she said. "I'm going to get started over here."

She turned away, and his eyes were drawn to the frilly hem of her skirt, riding up her legs as she bent down to dig into her cleaning bag. It worked it's way up until he caught a glimpse of the soft cleft of her ass. He was actually staring now. He felt his penis shift in his pants, loosening up at the sight of her peachy cheeks bobbing about. She leaned forward, causing them to part slightly, and a thin string of purple material came into view, lying across her tight little asshole like the ribbon on a birthday present.

"Gotcha," she said, pulling out a spray bottle. She turned her head and saw him looking, and froze for a second. "You like what you see, Dan?" She gave her ass a little wiggle, watching him over her shoulder. "Do you think I have a nice butt?" She tried to see it, tilting her hips upward, bringing smooth pink pussy lips into view for a second, peeking out around the edges of her lavender thong on both sides.

"Uh, sorry about that, Becky," Dan stammered.

"Don't be sorry," she said, pulling a sponge from her bag. "A little look never hurt anyone. And I did say pay as much attention as you like."

She sprayed the kitchen floor a few times and started scrubbing. She put both hands on the sponge and spread her knees a bit to brace herself as she worked, giving him the best view yet of her barely covered pussy. She was moving vigorously, sliding forward and then back on the floor, and he could see her lips pull apart slightly beneath her panties, then come back together, with each mesmerizing lunge. A crease formed as the fabric began to slip down between her labia, revealing more of the smooth skin on either side. His mouth was watering, he realized, and his erection ached and throbbed against his pants. His hand found its way into a pocket and he let it brush subtly against his cock as he watched her vulva contract and relax, contract and relax, in a rhythm almost like it was breathing. He wanted to push that thong out of the way and lick her from clit to asshole. He wanted to bend her in half and eat her like a bowl of ice cream. He was losing control, actually stroking himself through his pocket now.

"So I was thinking," she said, glancing up at him, "I should call you 'sir' while I'm on the job, don't you think?"

He managed to stop moving his hand in his pocket, but continued to squeeze his cock gently while he talked to her. "That's really not necessary, Becky," he said, slowly tightening his grip, then relaxing, mirroring the motion of her sweet little pussy as she scrubbed.

"I want to be as professional as I can for you, sir," she said, trying it out. "I am just your maid, after all, and you're the man of the house. I should show you some respect, shouldn't I?"

"I'd like that, yes." He felt a trickle of pre-cum dribble into his boxers, and let out a heavy breath. She looked up at him again, and he couldn't help but stare at the swinging of her breasts beneath her shirt. She'd gotten a bit wet from the cleaning spray, and the thin cotton clung to her like damp tissue paper.

"Sir?" she asked, eyes going wide as saucers. "Are you..."

He realized she was staring at the bulge where his poorly disguised attempt at masturbation was taking place, but he just couldn't stop. "Yes," he said, feeling his cock swell in his hand even more. "I'm sorry, Becky, I just can't help it."

"No, no," she said quickly, still staring. "It's quite alright, sir. But why don't you get a little more comfortable?"

"What?"

"I told you, I want you to feel free to do anything you want while I'm here. Surely standing there with that big, hard cock stuffed down those jeans while you try to stroke it is not what you really want to be doing." She stood up and walked closer as she talked. "You're a man with needs, in your own home. You deserve this." She touched his chest, plucking at his shirt. "Why don't you take off these clothes and enjoy it, and then let me clean up for you?"

"You really don't mind?"

"Of course not!" She smiled encouragingly at him. "I want you to. Please, sir."

"Okay," he said, feeling crazy. He took off his shirt and tossed it on the floor.

Becky nodded and said "Very good sir, I'll do your laundry later."

Dan took a deep breath, unzipped, and eased his pants down over the erection straining to break out. He stepped out of them and let his cock bob up and down as she watched. He saw her lick her lips at the sight of it, and felt himself getting harder, cock pointing straight out, head swollen and purple. He reached down and took it in one hand, then both, slowly sliding up and down his length, imagining her mouth on his balls, his cock sliding between her tits. He pictured the lips of her tight little pussy stretching around him, her mouth wide open as she cried out in ecstasy.

"Your cock looks so thick," she whispered, standing close. She cupped her hand and held it out for him. "Would you like to come in my hand, sir?"

He felt amazing, letting her see his cock so full and hard, skin stretched tightly over it, feeling a big, heavy load of cum simmering in his balls for her. "That sounds great, Becky," he said, tilting his cock downward. The swollen head of his penis touched her fingers, sending a jolt of sensation up into his body, and a big dollop of cloudy pre-cum spilled out. His cock moved as he stroked it, sliding over her fingertips, smearing the slick fluid around.

"Mmmm, I like that," she breathed, mouth brushing his ear. She reached out with her other hand and cradled his balls, softly caressing his scrotum with her thumb, very gently massaging his balls and taint with her cool fingers. One of them found his asshole and rested there, rubbing lightly. He threw one arm around her shoulders as his knees went weak, and let out a long, deep groan as the first heavy rope of cum splashed onto her wrist and arm, followed quickly by another, and another, pearly semen gushing into her hand and threatening to flow over the sides.

"Oooh, there's so much!" she giggled, cupping her other hand together with the first to catch it all. "And it's so warm." She closed her hands around him, slathering his cock with his own cum. It was warm, and thick and wet. It felt wonderful. He could see it seeping out between her fingers, dripping down her hands and even onto her arms.

"Oops," she said, kneeling down. She lifted one hand away, trailing several strands of sticky cum, and brought it to her mouth, tasting her fingers. She kept her eyes on his as she collected his semen from her hand with long, slow licks. She raised her arm and carefully followed a trail of it with her tongue, from near her elbow all the way up to her wrist. She grinned at him, face now shiny with his cum. "This is going to take a few minutes to clean up, sir," she said happily.

"Take your time, Sweetie," said Dan with a smile, enjoying watching her work. "There's no rush. I don't want you to miss any."

"Don't worry, sir. I won't miss a drop."

She tried to keep things somewhat contained by keeping her other hand in place, rising up on her knees to bring her mouth to where his cock was resting in the pool of semen on her palm. She slurped the cum from around him as well as she could, but he could see some spilling down her chin and neck. Her licks were now cleaning off both her hand and his penis. Finally she had enough of it cleaned up to hold his softening member up with her fingers and give it a series of deliberate licks, from the base to the tip, working from the underside to the sides and then the front. Some of the cum had dripped down onto his balls, so she suckled softly on his sack, working her lips around it until there was nothing there but a thin sheen of her saliva.

"May I get the last drops out for you, sir?"

"Yes, that's a good girl."

"I so want to be good for you," she said, opening her mouth invitingly. He moved his hips forward, letting his soft cock slide onto her tongue, and she closed her lips around it and sucked, drawing out the last of his semen and swallowing. She kept it there, holding his entire length in her warm mouth, massaging any remaining liquid from his urethra with her tongue, until he felt himself starting to grow again, the head of his penis pushing toward the back of her throat.

Finally she let him plop out and sat back on her heels, looking down at herself. Cum and spit lay all over her face and dripped down her neck and onto her t-shirt. She dabbed at it and glanced up at Dan with a hesitant expression. "I was a little embarrassed to ask you this at first," she said, "but, well... I was wondering if I could take off my clothes while I work? I don't want to ruin them. See, this shirt is already getting dirty. Would that be alright with you, sir?"

"I think that's a fine idea, Becky. Let's give it a try and see how it goes. Here, let me help you. Lift up your arms."

She did, and he raised the hem of her shirt up, enjoying the sight of her tits dropping out with a bounce and a sway, and then pulled it the rest of the way over her head. Her nipples were light pink and the size of silver dollars, with delicate little nubs in the center. He gathered some of the cum from her neck and smeared it over one breast, feeling her nipple grow harder beneath his palm as he rubbed the semen into her skin. He rolled the firm nub between his thumb and finger, giving it a gentle squeeze, and then a strong pinch, drawing a sharp gasp from her.

"Oh, sir!" she exclaimed.

"I think this will work out very well," said Dan, starting to fondle her other breast now. "From now on I want you to be naked for the duration of your work here each week."

"I'd like that, sir. Thank you."

"It's my pleasure, Becky." He reached down as he spoke and slapped his cock wetly on her breast a few times, then shifted to tap her other nipple as well, gaining length, starting to get hard again. He pushed it down between her supple tits and slid up and down for a few moments. "Like you said, we don't want any of your things getting ruined."

"No sir," she said, leaning in, pressing her breasts together for him. He put a hand on her cheek, enjoying the sight of her stunningly beautiful face looking up at him, slick with his semen. He ran his fingers into her hair and stroked her softly.

"Let's get you out of these panties now," he said, and she smiled with excitement. "Put your head down here on the carpet," he said, guiding her into place with a hand on her back. "That's right. Now raise your ass for me, up here. Very good. Arch your back down, tilt your pussy up toward the ceiling, as high as you can. Perfect."

"Ooooh, I feel so naughty like this, sir!"

"That's good, Becky," he said, laying his hand on her ass, feeling the softness of her cheek, giving her a squeeze. "That's very good." He yanked her skirt out of the way quickly, and then took hold of her thin thong and pulled it down slowly. Strands of sticky wetness stretched and snapped as he peeled it off her pussy. She gave a little gasp at the sensation, and then another as he laid his fingers on her slit, pressing firmly, sliding into her folds and feeling her wetness spread.

"Oh my goodness, sir," she panted. "What are you going to do to me?"

"Anything I want, isn't that what you said?"

"Ahhh, yes, sir," she managed to say between moans as he slid his fingers down into her pussy, curling them inside her, feeling the spongey tissue of her G-spot with his fingertips.

"Are you going to come for me, Becky?"

"Y-y-yes, sir, p-p-please, sir..."

He was pistoning his fingers in and out of her pussy as she spoke, making her quiver and gasp. "Please, what?"

"Please let me come for you, sir," she cried, bucking her hips now, trying to thrust herself onto him harder and faster. He let his fingers come all the way out and quickly leaned down to engulf her vulva with his mouth, closing his lips over her and pressing his tongue firmly into her slit, licking the nub of her clit, tasting the sweet nectar welling up from deep within her body. She was frozen, almost vibrating with tension now, breath coming in shallow, ragged bursts. He slurped his way over her pussy and up to her asshole, feeling its puckered texture with his tongue, then back down to bathe her clit in saliva, and then, just as she began to go over the edge, pulled back and delivered a sharp, loud slap directly to her pussy, making her cry out at the sudden explosion of sensations-stinging pain, roaring pleasure-rolling through her body. She collapsed onto the floor, dripping with sweat, gasping for breath.

But he didn't give her any time to recover. He pressed the throbbing head of his cock into her slit and slowly moved it up and down, slipping in her wetness over her too-sensitive clit, making her twitch and spasm and squeak, then up past her opening, dipping in slightly before continuing to slide up over her asshole and between her ass cheeks. She couldn't help raising her hips, pressing herself against him, as he moved his cock back down toward her clit.

"Please fuck me, sir," she begged, grinding her pussy against him, trying to get her wet lips around him.

He pushed the head of his cock down into her opening, watching her skin stretch over him, feeling her internal muscles clench and flutter at the intrusion. He pulled out with a spattering of wetness and pushed back in, farther, letting out a long groan and hearing her do the same. A few more times back and forth and he worked his entire length into her tight little pussy, fucking her slow and deep, enjoying the feel of her supple young flesh. She was moaning with each thrust, catching a bit of breath each time he pulled back. He grabbed her ass cheeks and leaned into her, spreading them apart, stretching her even more, and started fucking her faster and harder.

"Oh fuuuck," she cried, starting to buck against him again, working up to another orgasm. He moved his thumb over to rub her asshole, pressing down firmly, making her spasm and convulse. The little knot of muscle quivered under the pressure and finally relaxed enough for his thumb to slip inside. He turned her on her side without breaking either penetration, now straddling one of her legs with the other pushed up over his shoulder, and moved his other thumb to circle her clit while he drove his cock in and out of her like a jackhammer. Her moans had become a nearly unbroken low scream, punctuated by little peaks in pitch each time his cock rammed her cervix. She wasn't about to orgasm, she was orgasming, one long continuous climax that had been going for minutes and showed no sign of stopping anytime soon. Her body jerked about, abdominal muscles rippling like sheets hung out in a windstorm.

He pulled out just as his own orgasm erupted, grabbing his cock, a single rope of milky semen flying over her, landing across her body. It went from her navel all the way up to her forehead, one long streak of white lying between her tits, across her lips, some falling into her open mouth, a bit even pooling over one closed eye. He quickly pushed back in, going much slower now, letting the next several spurts fill her pussy while her quivering insides massaged his cock, letting her climax subside gradually as he slid in and out of her.

He let himself collapse beside her, keeping his cock inside her pussy as his erection subsided. She put her arms around him and nuzzled her face against his neck, and he kissed her softly on the lips, tasting himself on her tongue. He gently wiped the cum from her eye with a thumb and rubbed it in little circles on her nipple as they lay there, catching their breath.

"Thank you, sir," she said finally. "That was amazing!"

"No, thank you, Becky," he said as they sat up. "I don't think I could have asked for a better maid!"

She was getting to her feet, glorious in her nakedness, her body shiny with sweat. Dan just watched her, enjoying the sight of her lithe young form, her perfect little pussy cleft, her beautiful breasts, and the river of semen dripping down her body and face.

"Well, I guess you'd better get some more work done before the girls get home," he said.

"Do you want me to do it like this, sir?" she asked, looking down at herself.
