 I was woken up at 9:30 am. Normally, this would have alerted me, but today I knew it was going to happen. It was Thursday and the maids were here to clean the house. Over the years I had gotten to know the owner of the maid service, who also happened to be one of the girls that normally cleaned. Her name was Rene, a tall blonde who always had a look of repressed sorrow in her sky blue eyes. She wasn't the thinnest woman in the world, but she had a healthy look to about her. Her breasts looked as if to be a nice full C-cup and there was little if any sag in them at all. I estimated her age at being close to thirty, but she was actually closer to 25. Rene's skin was tan, and I could tell that there were no tan lines on her breasts. Her skin looked soft and smooth, despite all of the cleaning chemicals that she was around all day. All of her body was enough to get even the most flaccid cock hard. There she was, standing before me in my house. 

Rene's clothing was something she always wore while working, a tight tank top and a pair of short shorts. She wore no bra, which made be even more curious to know if she wore any panties at all. Today's tank top was a faded light purple. The tight tank barely contained those beautiful tits. The bottom was short so her mid-rift was exposed. It was tanned just like the rest of her gorgeous body. Her stomach wasn't washboard abs, but it was fairly flat and smooth. Her short shorts were almost nothing at all. They were hip hugging in style and were so short that almost all of her smooth silky thigh was exposed.

I was alone with her after she had finished cleaning the house. Many times we had chatted during the cleaning and a little afterwards. Her tone was sad and being who I am, I wondered why. 

"If you don't mind me asking, what's wrong? You sound so down." I asked her.

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to bother you, but it's money problems." She said sitting next to me on the couch. Her legs were crossed and she was leaning back giving me an excellent view of her tank cover chest. I had to lean forward to hide a steadily growing erection.

"Money seems to be everyone's problem these days. Is there anything I can do to help you?" I was almost talking at her chest.

"I doubt it. My boyfriend left me because he said I was broke all the time and we started to fight over it. Hell, I wouldn't even be a maid if prostitution weren't illegal and dangerous. Sex is a whole lot better than cleaning all the time." Rene was looking down in deep thought now. Tears almost ready to run down her face.

"Um, just out of curiosity, how much would you charge for something like that?" I couldn't believe I had just said that. My cock was full blown hard now and there was probably little chance she hadn't noticed it by now. I was also painfully aware that I was still only wearing the clothes I slept in, an oversized t-shirt and a pair of shorts. A smile slowly grew on Rene's face.

"Well, for such an important and kind employer such as yourself, I would discount the price greatly. For now, lets just say twenty bucks." She was breathing heavily now. She turned toward me a bit and the right strap of her tank had slipped a little off of her shoulder. God, I couldn't believe how sexy she looked. Her breasts were thrusting at me with every breath. Legs uncrossed and sitting open to give her more comfort when she turned. I couldn't help it. I got up and walked away from her into the other room. I returned as quickly as I could. I'm sure she noticed my hard on, there was no way she could have missed it. Her eyes went wide when I returned to my spot next to her and handed her a twenty. She just sat there frozen by the unexpected turn of events. I was frozen too. The worst thing that could happen is for her to walk out and then sue me for sexual harassment. 

Rene finally broke the silence. She slowly moved her hand to my upper thigh and brushed it against my cock. She stood up with a look in her eyes that screamed lust. Standing in front of me she slowly swayed as she lowered herself onto me, straddling my waist still sitting on the couch. 

"It's been almost a year since I've felt the intimate touch of a man," she whispered into my ear while slowly grinding her cunt against my cock. The twenty dropped out of my hand and my hands gravitated to her waist. The soft skin of her hands slowly pulls off my shirt and carelessly tosses it aside. Our hips continue to slowly grind each other to some unknown beat. I can feel her wetness through our clothing. My hands started to massage her firm ass. The look on her face said it all, she was close.

"You're my first," I leaned up and whispered into her ear. She was moments away from a massive orgasm, and so was I for that matter. Her breasts swayed with each grind our bodies made against each other. I could barely take it anymore. 

I stood her up and I led her to the bathroom. I quickly stripped the rest of my clothes off exposing my cock to her sight. Rene smiled in approval. The short shorts she was wearing were soaked. She slid her hands under her shorts on her sides and pulled up the edges of a very skimpy thong.

"I push them down while I work," she said with a wink. "Now get in the shower."

I wasn't about to argue with her. With a turn of the knob the water of the shower was on. The water felt good relaxing the muscles and sweat that had built up on my body. Rene stepped into the shower with me; only she was fully clothed minus anything on her feet. A look of pure seduction was in her eyes now. She slowly stepped closer to me and gave me a deep passionate kiss. My erection was ready to burst. Rene broke the kiss off and she quickly pulled off her shorts, now soaked with as much water as her own juices, along with her now soaked tank top. 

There they were, the breasts that I had longed to see. Not a single tan line crossed the full round melons. Her nipples looked almost painfully erect, the same as my penis was. Still in her thong, she moved close to me wrapping her arms around me. When her breasts pressed into my chest and my cock pressed into her stomach, the moment we were both waiting for arrived. The orgasm that came was the strongest either of us had ever had. Rene's juices flowed powerfully down her legs and mine while my cum spurted up between us covering our stomachs. We both went weak and fell to our knees in the shower. 

After a moment of just staring into each other's eyes, we left the shower. I led Rene to the bedroom with our bodies still wet. I went and lay on the bed while the sexy maid slowly, sexily stripped her panties. The display had gotten me hard again; of course being young made it easy. Rene walked up to the bed and stopped with her legs spread. She lightly took my hand and held it to her swollen pussy lips.

"That's not water," she said rubbing my hand into her with one hand and pinching her nipples with her other. My cock was harder than ever now. Her pussy was completely shaven, not a hair on it. This was one of my major turn ons standing in front of me. I slid off the bed and dove my tongue deep into her. Now both of her hands were giving much needed attention to her nipples. She was moaning loudly now and her hips were swaying to the movements of my mouth. At a sudden instant she pulled away and pushed me back onto the bed. Moments later I felt her tongue dart around the head of my cock. This was almost more than I could take. She was an expert, but I was determined to hold myself from cumming again before I was ready. I pulled her head up and just smiled at her. 

Rene lowered herself impaling herself with my cock. It was beyond anything I had ever felt before; I was in ecstasy. She began grinding again to the same unknown beat that we had shared before. My hands wandered her body. There really wasn't a tan line on her body. My hands stopped their wandering on the glorious tits. While massaging them I could feel the walls of her vagina squeezing around my cock. We were close, and there was no going back. With that we both came with a vengeance. Our fluids covered each other as she collapsed onto me. I was happy to lie there holding her till she woke up.

The beautiful maid woke up with me still inside her. She smiled and crawled off me. Her tank top and shorts were put back on and she was ready to go. The thong panties were left to me as a reminder of the time we spent together. Well, at least the first time we spent together, I thought, she was going to be back cleaning in another couple weeks.