 Out in the rural area where I live, most the the mail is delivered by women. I was home one day from work when I heard a vehicle drive up the driveway. I opened the door and Joyce, my mail lady, had a bundle of letters in her hands. 

"All this mail wouldn't fit in your box," she told me.

Joyce must have been in her early 40s. Her face told me she must have had a hard life. She was cute, but the wrinkles had already appeared on her face. She was wearing shorts and a tight t-shirt. Her body certainly looked good, from what I could see.

"You look hot, would you like a drink?" I asked.

"Yes I would, it's scorching hot today."

I invited her into the house, then ran and retrieved a soda from the refridgerator. As I handed her the drink, she handed me the mail, and it spilled to the floor. We both reached down to pick it up. When we stood up, we were face to face. Only inches from her, I could smell her perfume.

There was an awkward moment, then for some reason, I touched her arm. We both froze there, not knowing what to do. I stepped closer and put my arm around her, drawing her into me.

"Please, don't," she said, but it was a feeble request.

I kissed her firmly on the lips. She pulled me to her and we kissed, tongue touching tongue. My hand went to her t-shirt, and I cupped a breast. She groaned a bit, but didn't object to my touching her there.

My hands went up under her shirt and I undid the clasp on her bra. I pulled her shirt up over her head.

"Kiss them please," Joyce told me.

I wrapped my lips around a nipple and sucked it for all it was worth. Her nipple was getting erect, so I started to work on the other one.

"Maybe we should get more comfortable," I told her.

I led her to my bedroom and removed her remaining clothes. She had one of the tightest bodies I had ever seen in a woman of 40. She began to undo my pants, letting them drop to the floor. She also unbuttoned my shirt.

I was standing there with only my briefs on. My cock was bulging throught the material, pre-cum staining the front of my underwear.

Joyce pulled them down, and my cock sprung loose.

"God, you are huge!" she said.

I have an eight inch cock with a nice mushroom head to match. My sacs were hanging down, full of love seed.

I edged Joyce over the bed and had her lie down. I stroked my cock a few times and let her watch me. Then I went over and lifted her ankles up, positioning my thick pecker at her dripping hole.

"I don't think I can take all of that," Joyce said to me.

"I will go very slow and easy"

I pushed the head of my cock in between her pussy lips. Joyce let out a moan, and I began to enter her. She was sopping wet, so entering her pussy was a lot easier than I imagined it would be. I fed her an inch or two and let her get used to my big shaft.

"I am going to fuck you Joyce, do you want it?"

"Please don't make me beg you, you know I need this," was Joyce's reply.

I plunged all the way inside her, and she let out a squeal. I pressed all the way in, my balls were tight against her ass. Then I pushed her legs back as far as I could and proceeded to ram my love rod into her!

I was like a bull rutting, fucking like an animal in heat. 

"Let me wrap my legs around you," she said.

I let go of her ankles, then she scissored me with her legs, pulling me tight to her. Joyce's hole was tighter than I expected, and it felt like a young woman milking my cock. I reached down and cupped both tits, massaging them, tweaking her nipples.

Joyce had me so hot by this time, I knew I was close to letting go. I began to give her long strokes, almost pulling out, then burying my cock to the hilt. Like a battering ram, I took her until I finally couldn't hold back.

"I'm cumming Joyce!"

I pour all my hot seed into her belly. I could feel her pussy spasms, one after another. We were both cumming and it seemed like it went on forever.

I spurted and spewed my liquid into her greedy pussy. And she bucked against me, until we were both spent.

I slowly kept stroking her until my cock finally slipped out. Pulling back, I saw our love juices flowing out of her, and down her ass crack.

We were lying on the bed, kissing each other, until we recovered enough to talk.

Joyce, I discovered was married, but her hubby wasn't taking care of her needs. Today, everything came to a head, so to speak, and she just gave into her needs.

We showered together, and Joyce went on her way. She said she was sore from my cock, her husband had a little pecker, it seems. She was way behind schedule, but she didn't care. 

She kissed me as she went out the front door, and we made plans for another meeting. I will report on our next meeting, which was even hotter than this first time!