 When I went to my mailbox to get my mail I found a note.

"Please be home on Friday."

I took off that day and was waiting when the mail vehicle came rolling up in my driveway. It was Joyce, the mail lady who I had a recent sex session with. She came up to the door and said, "another big bundle of mail for you Dan."

I asked her to step inside, and I closed the door behind her. She threw her arms around me and kissed me passionately.

"God, I missed you so much these past days," she told me.

"I missed you too, Joyce."

Joyce was wearing a tight t-shirt and no bra. Her firms tits were poking through the material. How she wasn't told about it at work, I had no idea. I wasn't complaining however. She also had her usual tight pair of shorts on. She really had a body that wouldn't quit, for a woman of forty or so.

We made our way back to my bedroom and shed our clothes. I noticed that Joyce had now shaved down completely between her legs, and boy did she look hot!

"What do you think?" she asked me.

"Very nice, I love it," I told her.

I ripped off my clothing and let her see my raging cock. I thought her eyes would bug out.

"I love your cock so much, I have been getting wet just thinking about it," she told me.

I pulled her to the bed and we started to kiss and fondle each other. I had her get on her back and I went down on her pussy. I slid my tongue deep into her slit. Joyce started bucking and moaning, but I licked every spot on those wet pussy lips. Joyce was running her hands through my hair, urging me on.

I pushed a finger into her to get all those juices stirred up. Joyce was becoming wilder, thrashing around, but I kept licking her.

"Dan please, I need your cock in me now."

I had her get on all fours. Her tits were dangling down, as I spread her legs apart, exposing her dripping hole. I took my cock in hand and started to rub my mushroom head up and down her wet pussy. She was really getting louder now, urging me to stick it in.

I rubbed one last time then I surprised her and nuzzled my cockhead at her asshole and pushed it in.

"Oh my God, no Dan!" She begged me to take it out.

I gave her a few strokes in her butt and then I moved to her pussy. I pushed my shaft in all the way. Stroking her tight little love tunnel. I then moved between her ass and pussy. I could tell this was making her really hot for my cock. first one hole then the other.

I had my hands on her hips, guiding my cock into either hole. She was wiggling and massaging my cock with her love and ass muscles. I then reached under her and felt her tits. I had one in each hand and was squeezing them firmly.

Pumping my cock and milking her titties was driving her to the edge. 

"I want you as my sex slave, Joyce." "I want you all for myself."

"Anything Dan, anything you want, just fuck me!" Joyce screamed out at me.

I pounded her tiny, firm pussy when I felt my cock almost ready to unload. I gave her deliberate, hard strokes and then shouted to her, "Come with me Joyce!"

I poured my hot seed into her belly, like a wild animal in heat. She was also so close and I felt her pussy spasms as she came also.

We kept up cumming until I could feel her spent. I slipped out of her and fell to the bed. I was lying on my back, trying to catch my breath. Joyce was breathing heavy also, I could see our juices starting to flow out of her pussy. 

We both lie there for sometime. Eventually Joyce got up and went to the bathroom. I heard the shower water running. As I was there on the bed I started to stroke my cock again. I was getting hard just thinking what had happened.

Joyce came out of the bathroom and was toweling herself off. She looked at me and my stroking my cock.

"You know I am addicted to that?" she told me.

"My cock?" I said.

"Yes, It is all I can think of all day long, I missed our lovemaking," she said.

Joyce never took her eyes of my cock. I was still stroking it and I was hard as a tree trunk.

"Do you want more of me?" I asked.

Joyce didn't say a word, but came over to the bed and got on top of me. She was directly over my cock. Her pussy was flared out, just waiting there. I guided her down, pushing my cockhead past those wet lips. I brought my ass off the bed as I gave her more cock.

She was riding up and down as fast as she could. I had every inch of me sunk into her pussy. My hands were on her ass cheeks, pulling them apart so I could get deep as possible. I rammed her and took her places she later told me, she never thought existed.

I still had some cum saved up inside me so I blew one last sticky load into her. She worked it from me with those shave pussy lips. We rested once more , then she cleaned up a second time.

We talked before she left briefly

"Dan, what are we going to do?"

"What do you mean?" I asked?

She told me she wanted me all the time, fantasized about us fucking daily. She didn't want to live this way, her husband held no attraction to her anymore. She said she only wanted me and my cock.

I told her that we needed to figure something out and until then she should keep on finding a way to go on meeting like this. Joyce also said she had a daughter who was 20, and she would have to be part of the deal. She showed me a photo of Sue, her daughter. 

She was a younger version of her mother, and the gears were turning in my head! I will keep you all posted as to what happens with the mother and daughter...