 I guess everyone has heard that it is best to write about things that you know about or things you have done. I tend to write about those things that I dream about or desire to know more about and sometimes I just sit and let the words flow not knowing where the rushing rivers of words will take me until I get there. That is the way that I write and in my earlier years that was the way I lived. Floating from place to place not knowing or caring where I was going or how I would get there. Soon those days came to an end and I slowly began to settle down. I took a job as a teacher and spent 11 years instructing middle schoolers in the always-useful knowledge of history, geography and civics. I spent my free time at sporting events, working school dances, grading papers and writing lesson plans, putting away my passion for writing and exploring the written word. Then my world as I knew it came to a halt. My existence was suddenly questioned because that which I existed for was gone. So now I write and chat and look to a veiled future, one that I can no longer see with any clarity. But more important than all of this is that now I write. I have rediscovered a wonderful love in the words I use. I have sharpened my senses with imagery and on paper canvasses painted pictures with clarity and vivid life using my verbal palette.

This has nothing to do with my story I felt the need to express myself and I thank you for your time in reading this short dialogue.

Just in case you are curious I wrote this story in first and third person for a reason. As you read I assume you will understand. Enjoy.

* * *

She lay on the bed. Blankets and sheets akimbo scattered from one end of the room to the other. Pillows piled on the floor. Empty bottle of wine and crystal goblets littered the nightstand. Running her hands along her arms fingertips tracing imaginary highways made of veins. Small goosebumps popped up on her skin as she felt the sensual tingle of her fingertips. Slowly moving from her arm to her throat around her ears and along the bones of her face. She smiled a sensual smile. One of understanding of ones self. She allowed her fingers to stroke her hardening nipples drawing in a ragged breath as the electric current shot through her body. Pinching each nipple. Pulling it as she rolled it between her fingers. The mixture of pleasure and pain, pleasure far outweighing the pain. She ran her fingertips down her stomach, feeling the soft furry down of the light blonde hairs surrounding her navel. Stroking her stomach lightly she could feel her heat growing, her body anticipating what was about to come. Her moisture flowing downwards, gathering at the juncture of her thighs preparing the way for her journey. She knew what she needed as she softly stroked the hood of her clit playing it like a harp. A gentle plucking followed by a long soft stroke. Currents of electric passion shooting through her as she continued to play her button with a practiced hand. Opening herself with her fingers she began to rub the outer lips of her hot, wet blooming flower. The lips starting to open and grow as they filled with blood driven by her passions. Thrusting two fingers inside she started to stroke in and out, keeping her thumb placed on her clit, rubbing with each stroke. A deep guttural moan rose from inside of her, escaping from her gasping mouth. Drawing her breath quickly as if it were her last, she hastened the pace of her pleasure. 

Taking her free hand she started to rub over the clit soon taking it between her fingers pinching and rolling it gently. Feeling the waves of her release starting to flow over her she thrust another finger inside stroking deeply. With the additional finger and the tweaking of her clit she was rewarded with a heart stopping orgasm. Her climax flooding her hands and legs pooling on the bed as she thrashed about. Her fingers still stroking and rubbing but without her control or direction, as if possessed, they sought to bring forth another climax as strong if not stronger. Again she felt her body starting to stiffen as her climax hit a high plateau. Barely able to breathe she collapsed on to the bed. Her hair and face and chest wet with her sweat, as the rest of her was soaked from her own fluids as well. She lay perfectly still, unable to move as she gathered up her strength. Slowly she adjusted the Marti Gras mask that she wore. Sitting up she blew a kiss towards the camera and pushed the stop button.

As she showered she wondered if what she was doing was right or not. Heaven knows that she loved the excitement of knowing that she was being watched, but what if someone she knew found out. What is if they watched and her secret was found out? What would she do? How would she explain? These thoughts kept going through her mind as she finished her shower she fixed her hair in to a loose bun and moved to the bedroom to dress. Reaching into the dresser she pulled out a matching set of black silk undergarments lacy bra and thin panties. Slipping into these, she next slipped on her garter belt and black stockings. She removed a black formal evening gown from the closet and slid it over her head, enjoying feel of the material against her skin. A single strand of pearls topped off the outfit as she slid her feet into the Gucci high heels.

Looking at her self in the mirror she could not believe that she was the same woman who just an hour ago had been collapsed in the middle of her bed, covered in sweat and her own juices. She smiled a strong and confident smile as she left the room and headed towards the car that was waiting for her.

"I cannot believe that all the people in my district would want for me to vote for such a measure as the one that you are proposing."

"Personally I do not care what color they paint the room as along as it is a shade that will go with the new curtains I bought"

.."and I heard that she was sleeping with not only her boss, but the secretary as well."

Bits and pieces of conversations floating about the room, to many to try and keep up with even though I tried. Feeling my eyes glazing over from shear boredom I made my way over to the corner just to find a bit of solitude and quiet. 

Just as I settled down on the sofa feeling the stress of the party and the people starting to ease a voice broke into my much sought after peace.

"Good evening, I hope you don't mind if I join you? It seems that we are both looking for the same thing this evening"

I looked up and into the deepest blue eyes I had ever seen. It was almost like looking onto a well. Blinking to regain my composure I looked at the face surrounding those eyes and was surprised to see the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Just as I started to speak the woman excused herself saying that her glass needed to be refilled. As she left I paused because the voice I heard did not match the face I just saw. Looking down towards the floor I saw a pair of highly polished western boots. Traveling up I passed over pressed black cotton jeans, a rather impressive gold buckle, (as well as an equally impressive bulge right below it), western shirt and coat and finally a black Stetson. 

"Well it depends on what you think I am looking for Sir." I said flashing my famous smile at him.

"Well if you are like me these fancy parties tend to last a lifetime in only a few hours and you start looking for a new roost to sit on."

I was most intrigued with this western garbed man and I invited him to come and sit with me. As he sat down I saw a rugged face, the face of a man who had worked hard for what he owned and was in no means or manner about to give anything up without a fight. "So what brings you to this little gala of impressive political debauchery," I asked looking at him to see his expression.

"Well Ma'am if there was debauchery I would be the first to join in and enjoy, but since there just seem to be petty talk from folks who are just plain bored I will, if you do not mind, sit and visit a piece with you."

We sat and discussed ranching and cattle, or rather he discussed and I listened since the only thing I knew about beef was that it is best-cooked medium rare. The conversation turned to the goings on in the city and there I was comfortable, discuss the ins and outs of the political scene. Who would be able help and who would just be a dead end. All the while I caught myself wondering what this cowboy would be like in bed? After about an hour of polite chatting I asked if he was interested in getting a cup of coffee and maybe some fresh air. Again I smiled when he told me that he would be plum pleased to do so.

Making our way to a quiet place proved to be an adventure. People going from here to there and back and forth. Finally we found a quiet niche in the far corner of the balcony overlooking the river. We chatted for a bit more then I turned to the river to watch the lights reflect off of the water.

"So what do you think about our fair city" I asked, turning slightly. To my surprise his answer was both strong and swift. He captured me in his arms, pinning mine to my sides as his lips moved down to mine. I started to fight then realized that this is what I had been wanting; hot lust filled sex with a complete stranger. She could feel her wetness growing as his lips touched hers. She parted her lips allowing his tongue to slip between them. He explored her mouth, feeling the textures, tasting. Just as he started to pull away she sucked hard on his tongue, taking it like a slippery penis in her mouth she sucked on it. She could feel his surprise as his arms dropped down. Pulling away from her he turned her around, his breath hot on her neck, his hands cupping her breast. She could feel his hardness and she arched back grinding into him. For what seemed like hours they stood, she was grinding her ass into his hard member and he exploring her neck, ears and shoulders with his lips and tongue, caressing and playing with her breasts and nipples. She was getting hotter and wetter by the minute. Just when she thought she could take no more, his hand dropped down, pulling her dress up over her hips. Cupping her drenched panty covered pussy with his hand he pushed the material aside and slipped a finger into her. Stroking her wet slit she could feel him undoing his belt and heard the sound of his zipper as he freed his throbbing hard penis. Pushing her forward, bending her over the rail he rammed his cock into her. She cried out in shock and surprise. Not from him entering her but from the sheer size of his cock. She could feel it fill me like nothing had before, except for one of her toys.

"Oh God, yessssss," she cried out. "Fuck my hot wet pussy, fill me with your cock"

She could not move. He pushed her down with one hand holding her tight against the rail, the other held her hip as he thrust in to her over and over.

"Oh damn yess, fuck me harder"

His thrusts started to come faster, his balls slapping against her as he tried to shove his cock, from the way it felt, so deep she believed it would come out her mouth. Faster and faster he thrust. Her climax was building, she could feel her juices running down her legs. She could feel her knees giving out as she leaned more on the rail for support. He moved his hand from her back and held on to her hips, guiding her back and forth as he rammed his cock into her. Just as she started to feel like she was going over the edge she felt his hand leave her hip and she felt him pushing a finger into her ass. That was all she needed.

"Oh God I am cumming, oh god please don't stop, make me cum."

She started shaking and my knees buckled as wave after wave of energy run through her body. Her words became jumbled, gibberish flowing from her mouth as her juices were flowing down her legs. Just as she thought she was finished she heard him calling out, grunting as his own orgasm hit. The heat of his cum hitting the back of her pussy, flooding into her brought another round of spasms as she climaxed again. Holding tightly to the rail, he holding tightly to her, they stood, panting, trying to catch their breath. His hips bucking against her as the final spurts of his seed came into her. His breath, hot on her cheek as he tried to slow his breathing down. She slowly regained her composure. Standing she could feel him slip out of her and their combined juices seeping out. Reaching inside her purse she pushed a tissue against her, pulling her panties back to hold it in place. She turned to him, kissing him as he was fixing his pants, tucking back in his limp penis.

"Thank you" I whispered, "That was just what I needed tonight." Smiling at him I kissed him again, turned and started walking away.

"Wait, is that it? Can I see you again?" he asked.

I paused and looked back, almost saying yes. "No, it is best that we not see each other again, and I am sure that you understand why." I turned again and walking back into the reception. Making my way to the door, I thanked the hostess for the invitation and told her what I wonderful time I had, meaning of course my little outside romp and not the boring party itself. My driver opening the door I settled in for the drive home.

I sat in the back seat thinking about the night's adventure and I felt that tingle I have come to know oh so well. She slipped her hand down and started to massage her already swollen clit. She could feel the slickness of her juices and his as they aided her slow torturous playing. Pushing two fingers into her wet slit she reaches down with her free hand and rubbed her clit back and forth. A moan escaped her lips as she pushed her fingers deeper inside. Between stroking her clit and fingering herself she was almost ready to peak when she opened my eyes and saw the driver looking right at her active fingers. She had forgotten to close the divider window and her moans had caught his attention. Just knowing that he was watching brought her over the edge as she came hard, soaking her already wet panties.

"Are you just going to watch or are you going to do something," she said

The driver pulled the car into an alleyway and moved to the backseat. She opened her legs for him. Grabbing his head she forced him down. Perhaps not forced, he did not fight and was more than happy to go there. She could feel his tongue licking her juices as he pulled against her panties. All of the activity that night must have wore the poor things out because the next thing she hears is a ripping sound as he pulled them off of her. Spearing her with his fingers and sucking on her clit she almost climbed the side of the car the pleasure was so intense. She grabbed the back of his head and started to hunch his face as he licked and fingered her. 

"Oh God that feels so good" she cried out, "finger it and suck my clit harder. Make me cum. Make me cum," she yelled.

He took her clit into his mouth sucking on it he bit down, just as he shoved a finger into her ass. She wrapped my legs around his head. Pushing her pussy into his face she came over and over.

"I'm cummmming," she gasped, "suck up my juices, lick me harder. That's it yes, more, oh God I am cumming again"

She came over and over…Just as she was starting to calm down she realized that he was still trapped between her legs. She let him go and he turned on the seat, settling back his cock hard and straight.

She leaned over and slid the head into her mouth, sucking softly. Taking it in her hand she licked the underside of this long thin tool. Playing her tongue along its length she finally took all of it into her mouth. Bobbing her head up and down she could hear him moaning. She guesses something stopped him from speaking, as she did not remember him saying a word all during the time she had him in her mouth. Just a few groans and moans are all. She continued to suck on him, burying him deep into the back of her throat she sucked really hard until she had him humping her face. She pulled back and looked up at him as she stroked his wet cock.

"I want you to fuck my mouth, and fuck it hard."

With that she lowered her mouth back down on him and he grabbed the back of her head. Holding it tight he started to fuck her mouth, driving his cock into deep in her throat. Wrapping her hand around it she could feel his veins throbbing as she squeezed his balls. Faster and faster he thrust into her waiting mouth. Suddenly he stopped and pulled her head down pushing himself in as far as he could. His semen erupting from him almost causing her to gag, but quickly relaxing her throat it flowed like wine down to her stomach. Shot after shot of hot milky cum hit her throat and she swallowed every drop. After she milked his last drops from him she licked his cock to make sure it was clean, tucked it back inside of his pants and kissed him softly.

"Remember this did not happen. If I hear that you have said anything to anyone I will make sure you get a transfer to another city far, far away."

He just nodded and returned to his seat, moving the car back into traffic, heading home.

The next morning started like any other except that she had an appointment with her psychologist. At 11 AM exactly she was ushered into her office. As she took a seat in front of the desk she allowed her dress to flare open, draping itself over her left leg. A long expanse of tanned calf and thigh shown, offset by the gray/white outfit she was wearing.

"So tell me, how have you been this past week"

"Well I guess I have been ok, I still have that problem though."

"Have you tried to work through it? You know take control of it when it happens?"

"Yes I tried last night, and yesterday afternoon. It seems to take me over and I am like an outsider. I want you to know that if it ever gets out that I am doing the things I am doing my career will be over as well as any possibility of having a normal life of any kind."

"I understand that, but we have to find out what is causing these episodes and then work on a way for you to control them."

Without realizing it she caught herself looking at her psychologist with more than just a casual glance. She found the swell of her breasts as well as the milky whiteness of her throat to be quite enticing. She shifted in her chair more of her legs became exposed as she spoke. Slowly she felt that tingle again and she moved to uncross her legs, sliding forward to the edge of the chair. 

"I know that with time and work we can find out what the root to your problem is and what we need to do to resolve it."

The psychologist's words were just a droning sound in her ears as she slipped her hand down caressing her mound, feeling its dampness. Pushing aside her panties she allowed her fingers to explore and stroke her quickly swelling lips. The psychologist saw the glazed look coming over her eyes and quickly tried to circumvent what was about to happen.

"I know that you are feeling things now that you have no control over, but you must know that while they are not bad, they are feelings that you should try to control. Do not let them get out of hand."

The psychologists words were sharp and to the point. They took away some of the edge she was feeling. Gathering her thoughts she paused, leaned back in the chair and tried to focus on what was being said.

"Now you see the problem for what it really is. I just cannot seem to control myself and if I know that I am being watched it makes it all the more difficult. I will tell you now that I am not sure how much longer I am going to be able to hid this. How much longer I am going to be able to keep this secret."

For the next hour they talked about her past and her childhood. They talked about her feelings towards her family members. Memories came flooding back of a time when she was happy and full of life, of a time when she had no worries or responsibilities. 
