 I like Elaine. She's outgoing, funny and by no means unattractive but this wasn't like her. She's my wife Nancy's cousin, and although not blood related to me, she's still family. How could she ask me that? What possessed her to think I might agree to something like that? I just asked 'Is there anything I can do?' when I saw her sitting alone on my front porch, looking very down. She usually is flitting around family gatherings like a social butterfly, but not today. I thought I should sit down and find out what was bothering her. I never like seeing people feeling badly at what's supposed to be a joyous event like my grandfathers 95th birthday, especially not family.

Staring into her glittering blue eyes, my mouth must have been hanging open in disbelief. I couldn't believe what I just heard. That must be why she repeated the outrageous request.

"Will you make me pregnant?" with a smile as innocent as could be.

"Whoa!...What the hell, Elaine?" I responded in a hushed voice, "I'm married to your cousin, this is not something new."

"I know," lowering her voice and leaning closer, "I'm married too, but I don't know for how much longer."

"If you go around asking guys to get you pregnant and Danny finds out, you'll be single sooner than later. I thought you two were trying to get pregnant. What happened? Did he change his mind?"

"No he hasn't changed his mind. We've been trying for over two years and I was getting concerned that I was infertile. I went to my gynecologist and she says I'm perfectly healthy and normal."

"Has Danny gone in and gotten checked out," I asked, knowing how proud he is, that might be an issue.

"I've been asking him to but he keeps putting it off or blaming it on timing."

"So he hasn't."

"I didn't think he had but then I got home and heard a message on our answering machine from a doctor about some test results being mailed to him. Then an envelope shows up Wednesday from a fertility clinic with his name on it. He went and got tested without telling me," Elaine's voice shuddered as if she was about to cry.

I could tell she was hurt by Danny not telling her about something like getting tested to see if he's possibly shooting blanks, but guys like him have a real problem with their masculinity being called into question. Don't get me wrong, I like Danny. He's a good guy and loves Elaine whole heartedly, but sometimes his macho bull shit gets in the way of rational thinking. He's very driven. He has to be the best at everything he does. I think that comes from being the youngest of four kids in his family, three brothers and a sister. From what I hear, they are all like him, always trying to be the best. His parents haven't helped either as they seem to encourage the sibling rivalries. 

"I probably shouldn't ask but what did he say the results were?"

"He doesn't know...because I haven't showed him the letter. And I erased the message before he got home so he doesn't know the results were sent," she said bowing her head, "I'm worried if he finds out what's in the letter he'll go off the deep end. His parents have been pressuring him about grandkids and it's really stressing him out. Both his brothers have four kids and his sister just gave birth to her second about six weeks ago."

"You know he's going to find out if he calls the place for the results when he doesn't hear from them," I told her, "That could end up being worse. Did you open the letter?"

Elaine nodded, not wanting to look me in the eye.

"What did it say?"

"Well...he's not shooting blanks..."

"That's good!" I tried to be excited for her but she didn't cheer up, "Isn't it?"

"Not really. He may not be shooting blanks but his sperm count is in the lowest percentile range which according to my gynecologist means it's going to be nearly impossible for me to get pregnant...at least by him. Something about my body chemistry and the low count...Oh I don't know... " then she raised her eyes to mine, "But you wouldn't have a problem getting me pregnant with your potent sperm count."

"How do you know what my sperm count is?"

"Nancy told me you went for a test before you two ever met. She said you showed her the results. If it wasn't for her problem, you two would probably be knee deep in kids right now."

Nancy had to have a hysterectomy at a very young age due to cancerous cysts in her uterus. Fortunately, she fully recovered and is cancer free to this day but we won't be having kids of our own. That didn't bother us too much since we are both very career driven and believe that children should be raised by their parents, not nannies. And Elaine was right, I did have a test done back in the day on a bet with a friend of mine. We were both in the top percentile so the running joke was women had to watch out because if you looked at them too long they might get pregnant. I'm sure it isn't that high now but being reasonably healthy and staying in shape, I have a feeling it's still good enough to get the job done. It was then I wondered just how much Elaine had discussed with my wife.

"You didn't mention wanting me to get you pregnant did you?"

"Of course not. I didn't want her killing you or me because of that."

I let out an audible sigh of relief. Nancy is one of the nicest, most caring people you could ever meet but if she caught Elaine and I in bed, I have no doubt I'd be dead and Elaine would be maimed and leave with a serious limp. Our sex life has been anything but steamy since her operation but I've always been faithful. Even before that it wasn't what could be described as torrid. She's just not a wild and crazy girl, that's why I married her. I had plenty of them in my younger days and most of it led to problems, pain and time sobering up. 

Nancy's skirts are never more than an inch above the knee, her tops never show much cleavage and her dresses are never too tight. The tallest heels she owns are just over 2" and her makeup is always tastefully done. Sex is quiet, in bed, with the lights low if not off and whatever lingerie I've given her probably still has the tags on. I love her with all my heart and have never cheated on her. I can't say I haven't looked at other women with anything but the purest of thoughts but I've never acted on any temptation that has come my way. 

I find Elaine to be very attractive. She's 28 years old, 5'-6" tall with nice womanly curves. She has a beautiful smile, long wavy blond hair and very fun to be around. Not to mention she's smart and well educated with a bit of sassiness thrown in for good measure. We've flirted in the past but it was always innocent and in the open. Nancy would tease her about flirting with an old fart and we'd all have a good laugh. If I wasn't married and seventeen years older than her, I'd date her in a heartbeat. 

"You know I'd help you with anything I can but...this...It goes against everything-"

"I'm not asking you to leave Nancy for me. I love her like a sister," she sobbed as I could see tears welling in her eyes, "And I love Danny more than anything in this world but I'm afraid...afraid he might leave me over this..."

"Why would he leave you? It's not your fault you haven't gotten pregnant. If anything it's his body that's the culprit in all this. Why not try artificial insemination?" trying to be helpful.

"We talked about that but it's very expensive and there's no guarantee it will work. Besides, you know how he is. Danny would see that as a failure. Not being able to get his wife pregnant without help. He flat out said, 'No!' I even suggested adoption but..." Elaine began to quietly cry.

Danny's ego was his biggest flaw. I had no doubt he'd be a wonderful dad. I'd seen him with his brothers' kids, he's a natural. But he was throwing it all away because he couldn't get past his own egocentric way of doing things. It was stressing him out and straining his marriage. I could see Elaine was stressed too and I wanted to help but her request was out of the question. No matter how noble the intentions, it's still cheating and I was having a hard time with that.

Elaine wiped her eyes and straightened herself before saying, "You are the only one I trust to ask this and I wouldn't ask if I wasn't desperate."

"Elaine, I-"

"Jake please, I'm begging you," she took my hand and stared into my eyes, "I need your help. We both do..."

Before I could say anything a voice from inside called, "Hey Jake! Where's that beer you were getting?"

"It'll be there in a moment," I replied hastily standing. I stepped toward the garage still looking at Elaine's pleading gaze, "I gotta get some beer for the party." 

I turned before she could say anymore and went to retrieve the alcohol from the garage. I felt bad leaving her like that but I needed to sort this out. What was really disturbing was the straining bulge in my jeans. No matter how wrong it was to my rational mind, my body was reacting to an attractive woman begging me to have sex with her. To impregnate her. I admit I have masturbated to the image of fucking Elaine in the past but it was just a lustful fantasy, fueled by lack of sex. My moral compass seemed to be spinning out of control.

***

I tried to keep some distance from Elaine after that. She returned to the party and was making a show of being her normal social self but I could tell she was still upset. Later on I was washing the roasting pan I used for the turkey that evening and saw through the kitchen window, Elaine and Nancy sitting together on one of the backyard benches. They were drinking wine and talking. The expressions on their faces told me it was less than light hearted. Elaine wiped her eyes a couple times during their conversation. Nancy got them another bottle of wine and by the time that one was finished, Elaine seemed to be in a better mood.

After singing happy birthday to my grandfather, I was helping Nancy serve the cake and other desserts when she stated she was concerned about Elaine and Danny's relationship.

"They've been trying to have kids for a while now, without success."

"Oh? I didn't know that," I lied.

"I hate to see Elaine all upset and stressed out. I wish there was something we could do," she said handing me a plate with cake, waiting for me to drop a scoop of ice cream on it. 

I nearly dropped everything on the floor when she said that. I felt a wave of panic wash over me as I hoped Elaine hadn't mentioned our conversation earlier to my wife. It would be just like Nancy to test me and see if I'd considered Elaine's request. It turned out she didn't know about it and I was relieved but my mind drifted back to how her hot cousin begged me to fuck her. My cock was twitching again as the alarm bells were going off in my head.

"I think she and Danny should go find out if they're able to have kids. It might take some of the stress off."

Elaine hadn't told Nancy about the test results for either of them. My mind started running scenarios of how Elaine and I could get away with her plan to get pregnant with my help. What the hell was I doing? I'm trying to come up with a way to fuck my wife's cousin. It must be because it's been over two months since the last time Nancy and I did anything sexual. That had to be the reason but I knew it wasn't, at least not totally. I did want to help Elaine and Danny and I did like the idea of a woman wanting me, even if it was for nothing else but to satisfy her need to be a mother. And there was no way I could deny I wanted to fuck Elaine. I didn't know anything about her sexual tastes but I wanted to find out what they might be.

***

We were saying our goodbyes to our guests when I finally made up my mind. I hugged Elaine close and whispered in her ear to call me on my cell phone in the morning. I gave her a wink and she knew we were going to try to make her a mom.

While Nancy was in the bathtub I hit the web to find out as much as I could about the best techniques to increase the possibility of successful impregnation. Positions, conditions, timing and whatever else might come into play because we were going to get only one chance at this and I wanted to make sure we did everything we could to get it right. I was going to set aside my heartfelt beliefs this one time to help Elaine and if it didn't work then I couldn't bring myself to do it again, no matter how bad she wanted this to happen.

It appeared that catching Elaine at her most fertile was the best way to ensure success but I didn't know that information at the moment, I made a mental note to bring it up when we talked next. I also looked at Nancy's day planner to see what kind of window we might have in the next few weeks. More mental notes. I had to stop when I heard Nancy call down to ask what I was doing since she was finished with her bath. I shut down the computer after wiping the search history and went to bed.

The next morning I awoke to a raging hard on and an empty bed. Nancy was already downstairs making breakfast or watching one of her Sunday morning cooking shows. Who knew? I knew if I wanted any relief, I'd have to take matters into my own hands, so to speak. I was getting close when Nancy came into the room. She looked at me and what I was doing and rolled her eyes.

"What are you doing?" she asked disgustedly.

"What does it look like I'm doing? Would you like to help?" smiling mischievously.

"I'm going to the store to get some things for dinner tonight, is there anything special you'd like?" she inquired, completely ignoring my question as she put on her tennis shoes.

"Ya there's something. I want you to come back to bed for a little while so we can have some fun."

"God, is that all you ever think about," she replied, heading for the bedroom door, "Is there anything you want other than that?"

"I guess not," I grumbled, watching her leave.

"I'll be back later."

I heard the front door close and her car start up. My once solid staff had shrank to a limp noodle after our little exchange. What a mood killer. I got up, dressed and went downstairs to get some breakfast. I had some things to do to keep me busy but I wasn't going to rush through my meal at this point. Putting tables and chairs away from yesterdays party wasn't very exciting nor urgent so I took my time. I had just cleared my dishes and was on my way to get some shoes on when my cell phone rang.

I answered it, "No! There's nothing else I wanted from the store!" my voice raised in frustration thinking Nancy was calling.

"What are you talking about?"

It was Elaine. I didn't think to look at the caller ID, assuming it was Nancy. I had forgotten she was supposed to call me this morning. 

"Sorry...I thought you were Nancy."

"You two have a fight?"

"Ya, it's nothing," I replied dismissingly, "Is Danny within earshot?"

"No. He's on his morning run. So are you going to help me get pregnant?"

"Yes," I heard her gasp on the other end, "But there's a few things we have to discuss before anything happens."

"OK!" she was noticeably excited.

"We're only going to get one shot at this because I can't justify more than that. Nancy and I are having our own sexual issues but that's not going to be an excuse to just keep hooking up. We've got to get it right the first time." I let that sink in for a moment before continuing, "Nancy has a couple business trips scheduled over the rest of this month and the next."

"When's her next trip," Elaine asked nervously.

"She leaves for Chicago next Friday and won't be back until the following Wednesday."

"That's perfect," she replied with renewed excitement, "I'm peaking that Saturday and Danny will be with his brothers that weekend at the river for the drag boat races."

"Peaking?"

"Yes...at my most fertile. The best possible chance to get pregnant," she explained. 

"Oh...Ok...So when does he leave?"

"Friday night after work, why?"

"Because you are going to give him a hell of a send off."

"What do ya mean?"

"I want you to go through whatever you have been doing to get pregnant with him before he goes. Fuck the shit out of him and be sure to tell him you're 'peaking' so he won't be surprised if you turn up pregnant in a few weeks," I told her, "That will at least give him the chance at being the father of your child."

"I see, then I'll pack a bag and come over."

"Pack a bag? You don't live that far away. I don't think-"

"Listen," her voice took on a serious tone, "If we're only going to get one chance to get me pregnant, we're going to be fucking a lot!"

"You do realize I'm forty five, not eighteen. I don't have those ridiculously fast recovery times anymore."

"Don't worry Jake. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure you're up and ready for action as often as possible."

I felt a shiver run down my spine when she said that. I haven't had a woman that eager to fuck 'as often as possible' in decades. I could feel my cock growing in my shorts like there was no tomorrow. I had a feeling I was going to get one hell of a workout this coming weekend. I never thought I'd be thinking this but I hope Nancy didn't have a sudden change of heart and want to 'have fun' before she left on her trip. I was going to have to save up as much as possible for Elaine just to be sure I gave my all for this venture.

"I tell you what. When you come over on Friday, meet me at that Italian restaurant on Main St. and I'll buy you dinner."

"That sounds good, I'll see you around seven," she said nervously, "And Jake."

"What?"

"Thank you."

"Don't thank me until you see that little blue plus sign."

I ended the call awash in emotion. I was excited, scared, nervous, happy and ashamed all at the same time. I was plotting an adulterous affair with my wife's cousin and there was no justification I could come up with to make me feel better. I just hoped it worked and made all this worth it. And I hoped neither Nancy or Danny ever found out.

***

Starting Wednesday, Elaine began sending me flirtatious text messages to 'help me be ready for the first of many breeding sessions we were going to have.' They were pretty tame at first but by Friday they were getting raunchy, then the final one before we were to meet was just a picture of her freshly shaved bald pussy. I wanted to jerk off so bad it was making me crazy, but that would be counterproductive. She had told me to relieve myself on Thursday morning then hold off after that. There was no point in wasting a load when I needed to be shooting it into Elaine's womb.

I arrived at the restaurant at about a quarter to seven to make sure we got a table. I knew it would be busy but hopefully we'd get in and out without too much waiting. I was seated shortly after seven but there was no sign of Elaine. Part of me was hoping she had gotten cold feet and changed her mind about this whole thing but the other part was hoping it was just her wanting to be fashionably late. It turned out to be traffic. She called as she pulled into the parking lot and told me to order her some wine. I was already prepared for that with a glass of Chardonnay waiting for her. What I wasn't prepared for was how she was dressed.

I nearly dropped my water glass in my lap as she strutted to the table. Elaine and Nancy have similar taste in clothes so I wasn't expecting the outfit she had on. Elaine was wearing a skin tight black tank top under a short leather jacket. There was no doubt she wasn't wearing a bra with the top hugging her generous C cup breasts and her erect nipples threatening to pierce the snug material. She had on a black and blue pleated skirt that fell just below the middle of her luscious thighs and although it won't be considered indecent in this day and age, it was far shorter than anything Nancy would ever put on. Her legs were incased in the sheerest, most shiny nylons I had ever seen. They made her legs look like they were wet. I've always been a leg man and Nancy knows it. I have to beg her to put on pantyhose even though she knows when she wears them, I'm putty in her hands. Finally there was her shoes. Simple black velour pumps with an open toe and 4" heel. I was in awe. My cock was standing before I could get to my feet and greet her. 
