 Years ago, I worked at a local gym as a fitness instructor. It helped me keep in shape and the view wasn't bad either. I had my share of sex-capades with the female clientele, but it was always kept it narrowed down to single women for obvious reasons. I even had a partner in crime when it came to getting information about the more secretive females. Her name was Kelly. She was another instructor who was, an on and off again, friends with benefits. I'd get her information about guys she was interested in and vice versa. This worked quite well for us, since we both tried to avoid certain types, i.e. violent and/or drug abusers.

My story starts when a couple came in for fitness instruction. I took the husband and Kelly took the wife. One of our techniques was to get to know the clientele between sets so they felt more comfortable with us and were more likely to continue with the membership. The husband's name was John. He worked in a local office all day and was a little overweight. Stephanie and John were high school sweethearts that got married soon after graduation five years ago and he wanted to lose some weight before they tried for a baby. He seemed like a nice enough guy, but Stephanie was way out of his league.

Stephanie was a petite redhead with a scattering of freckles all over the parts of her body I could see. You could tell she was the nerdy type, but she had filled out quite well since her teenage years. In her mind, she was still that nerdy girl when she looked in the mirror. 

Over the next few weeks, I trained her husband and Kelly trained her. John lost a few pounds and Stephanie had firmed up her body enough that when she walked by, most of guys in the gym would steal a glance, myself included. After the latest session, Kelly caught me sneaking a peak at Stephanie. An hour later, after closing down the gym for the night, Kelly gave me a yell to help her with something in the women's locker room. 

"I thought maybe you needed a little relief, "Kelly seductively whispers as she drops her towel. "I saw you trying to hide your hard on while looking at Steph. Now come join me in the shower."

I ripped off my clothes as quickly as possible and picked up Kelly and carried her to shower. She turned it on and scrubbed off our sweat before she kissed her way down to my nice hard cock. "Fuck, I always forget how big it is until I try to stuff it down my throat", she moans. She's never been able to completely throat me, but I love the way she tries. I give her a couple minutes before I grab the nape of her neck and pull her up to me. I push her up against the wall of the shower and slide in to her opening. We fuck like that for a while until my legs start to give out and she pushes me over to bench at the back of the shower. "I'm going to ride you till we both cum, you understand", she commands. I mean, who am I to argue?

"You better get ready because I'm getting close," I tell her.

"Just a little bit more. I'm getting there. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I"MMMMMM CUMMMMMINNNNNGGG. Oh god, I can feel you squirting in me. Oh god, it feels so good. Damn, I guess I needed that as much as you," she cries out. 

We get dressed and are making a little small talk when Kelly tells me she thinks I'd have a chance if I ever wanted to seduce Stephanie. I tell her I'd like to, but having the husband always with her makes it a little hard, besides the John doesn't seem like a bad guy. Plus I don't like to mess with married women. "Well, I'll talk you up either way, just in case you ever want the chance."

The couple comes in and does their regular routine for the next few weeks, but only now when John and I walk by, sometimes Steph and Kelly look at us and giggle. When we ask what they are giggling about, Kelly just says "girl stuff" and Stephanie just blushes. Those days usually end with Kelly and I having a shower session after closing down the gym.

The next two weeks, neither of them showed. Then the third week, Stephanie showed up alone. When asked where John was, she just said he was at home, but with a little attitude in her voice. I knew not to ask any more at the time. When I talked to Kelly later on, I found out that John had been sexting with a coworker and Stephanie had found out. They had been arguing for the last two weeks and she was trying to figure out her next step. 

A week went by and Stephanie came in alone again, but Kelly was off that day. I told her Kelly would be back tomorrow or I could fill in if she didn't mind. She told me it was cool if I filled in. In between sets, we made normal small talk until at one point I made a comment about John.

"So, did Kelly tell you what was going on?"

"A little, but probably not everything, "I reply. 

"I read through the whole thing. At first it was a little flirting while talking about work. Eventually, they were sending pictures of their privates. I don't know where he got the pictures for his penis, but that was not his. His is only four inches, maybe five on a good day. "

I laugh a little at her last comment, before telling her how stupid he is and if I had a girl that looked as beautiful as her, I'd never play around. She blushed a little before going to her next set which was the bench press. She did her set, but struggled with her last rep, so I step forward to spot her. 

"Oh my god. Is that thing real?" I look down and she's looking up my short at my half hardened cock. "Wow, Kelly wasn't lying. That's like twice the size of my husband."

As much as I want her, I'm still trying to be the good guy and stay away from a married woman, so I change the conversation. "It's almost closing time," I tell her. "If you want to go shower up, I'm going to clean up before we close." I went and took a quick cold shower while she was in the women's locker room.

When she finishes up, I walk her to her car when she stops and says, "I'm sorry, but I have to ask. Do you really think I'm beautiful or were you just being nice?"Fuck it. I can't take it anymore. I step forward and kiss her, while taking her hand and guiding it to my hardening cock. 

"This is what you do to me. You feel that? It's so tough to be around you and while keeping it down."

She strokes my manhood and moans, "Let's go back your place."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, now hurry up before I change my mind."

"Follow me," I tell her, "I only live couple blocks from here."Fuck, I think I'm thinking with the wrong head now.

Once we park, we get to the door and she's rubbing me through my shorts while I'm trying to unlock the door. I fling open the door and we are ripping off clothes as we make our way to the bedroom. I throw her naked ass up on the bed and jump on. 

"Lay down. I want to play with that huge thing for a minute." She's eyeing it up like it's the eighth wonder of the world. "My god, this is much bigger than I'm used to." She grins a wicked little smile while she licks up the underside of my cock. Then she starts to suck it with enthusiasm. She has it about half way down her throat when she stops. Nice try, I'm thinking, but then she just looks up at me with her big green eyes and keeps pushing. Next thing you know, she has her lips all the way up my shaft. Then she starts rocking back and forth. 

"Fuck, if you keep doing that, you're going to make me cum". Telling her this just makes her moan and go faster. "Oh fuck baby, I'm going to, I'm going to, oh fuck, here it goes." My whole body goes numb for a minute. 

"That was fun. I just can't believe I got it all the way in my throat."

"Me neither, baby, now get up and here and lay down. It's your turn." I give it a quick look to see if the carpet matches the drapes and I'm pleasantly surprised that she a true ginger. I give it a few licks up and down before spelling the alphabet on her clit. She's soon writhing around and I have to grab her hips to keep my mouth on her honey box. I made her cum a few times before kissing my way up her stomach. I made it to her face and we kissed for a bit before I reached down and rubbed my cock up and down her slit.

"Go slow. I'm not used to anything that big," she whimpers. I slide in about half way before she stops me so she can adjust to it. "My god, it's so much thicker too. Keep going though. It hurts, but it feels so good." I work it in and out for about five minutes before our pubic hairs are finally touching, at which point she shudders and I can tell she's having another orgasm. This makes it wet enough that I can start really fucking her. 

I fuck her this way through another orgasm, and then tell her flip over so we can fuck doggystyle for a while. Once inside her again, I reach up, grab her hair, and pull her head back so I can whisper in ear, "I own this pussy now. You understand that. Fuck your little dicked husband. You and your pussy are mine now. Now say it."

"I'm yours. Me and my pussy, whenever you want it, just keep fucking me like this."

I was getting close. I could tell it wouldn't be long. "Now, I'm going to lie back down and you're going to climb up and ride me to make me cum. When I cum in that fertile little pussy, I'm marking you as mine. No other man will ever cum in you ever again. Are we clear?"

"Yes," she pants as she pushes me back and mounts me. "Mark me. Make me yours. Give it to me." She bucks up and down the length of my cock until I can feel my cock bubbling.

"Here it comes, baby. Oh shit oh fuck fuck fuck FFFFUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKK." I explode into her. I just hold her there for a few seconds before I finally let her slide off me. "Wow. That was intense. And now we're only one away from the tri-fecta," I joke.

"Tri-fecta?"

"I already came in your mouth. I came in your pussy. If I cum in your ass next, it's called a tri-fecta."

"Really? I've never been fucked back there before, but if you want to try, I'm game."

"Tell you what, let me get some lube and you can stroke me for a bit and I'll loosen your ass with my fingers and lube and we'll go from there."

Ten minutes later, I'm blowing a load deep inside her ass while she looks back at me with her wicked little grin. I think I've created a monster.

"Let's go take a shower and clean this mess up," she states. "By the way, can I stay tonight?"

"Yeah, now let's go take that shower." Twenty minutes later, she's drained my sperm into her pussy once again. So much for getting clean in the shower.

I awake several hours later to warm feeling on my cock. I look down to see the blanket bobbing up and down. I pull it back so I can at least see my little ginger slut as she sucks me. All of a sudden her phone goes off. She stops for a second to look at it and looks up at me. "Can you take a picture of me?" she asks as she places my cock across her face. I snap a few pics before handing it back to her. She just grins and types out something before handing it back. I look to see what she typed and sent. Across the picture is typed, "I want a divorce." Then the phone ringing and beeping like crazy. She calmly holds the power button and straddles my cock, lowering herself down it. 

Three months later, she's signing the divorce papers while her cute little baby bump was showing. A few months after that, we're getting married with Kelly as the maid of honor. My little ginger slut woman had some really fun pregnancy cravings, like eating my cum out of Kelly's pussy after we all fucked each other's brains out, but that's a story for another time.