 I am laying on the bed crying after this fight we had. So frustrating for it to be like this. To be at odds and have no real way of understanding why it has to be that way. I know you were in a bad mood and I was in a bad mood as well but there is no reason to lash out like we did at each other. Unfortunately it seems that the people you most care about in the world are the ones you have the ability to hurt most with a glance or a tone or simply the words used, especially when things told in confidence are tossed back into your face meant to cause pain.

The sobbing subsides and I am now trying to get my poor nose unstuffed and I am sure my face is red and puffy, with makeup everywhere. I lay stretched out with my arms around the pillow and my head resting on one arm. Thinking over what happened now and wondering what could have been said differently that would have changed the course of things. I feel the bed dip with your weight and your hand lightly run up my back and caress my hair. Softly almost tentatively you touch me. I turn over and look up at you not saying anything. I can see in your eyes that you are not angry anymore. I start to sit up and reach my fingertips to your jawline, feeling the slight stubble from the day there as my fingers trace it. I start to whisper that I am so sorry and you put your fingers over my lips and shake your head. Our lips meet and tongues touch, entwining, igniting the passion that is always so quick between us both for sex as well as anger. 

Instantly we are rolling onto the bed, kissing frantically, tugging at the confining clothes. Hungering for each other to erase the pain. Needing to be skin to skin, trying to soothe the pain we caused each other just moments ago. You push me down roughly now all clothing strewn around us, still kissing me and I feel your hands on my ass as your cock finds me wet already and you enter me hard. I moan against your lips and wrap my legs around your waist, meeting every hard thrust you make with my own. I want so bad to be a part of you right now, ease the hurt that my words caused, ease the pain that your words caused. Our bodies are straining for release, as we move against each other hard both gasping at the friction that we are not used to. Release comes quickly for both of us and we lay there. You roll over and pull me with you so I am laying over your side. My head is on your chest and you are stroking my hair. I run my fingertips slowly over your chest and down your side grinning at the goosebumps this creates. I look up at you and smile and you smile back at me. 

We start whispering to each other, apologizing and then laughing at our silliness earlier. I move up and kiss you letting my tongue touch yours and tease it, outlining your lips and then work my way down your neck, across your chest. Flicking each nipple with my tongue and teasing each one with my teeth lightly nipping. Grinning up at you as I tease my way down your body, across your stomach and abdomen telling you that you deserve to be punished for your earlier actions. You quick intake of breath tells me you like the feeling of your cock between my heavy breasts as I work my way down. Hearing you groan as my hands and lips and tongue glide down past your now erect cock, barely grazing it as I move past and down your left thigh. Looking up at you as I slowly move down to your left calf and back up again with my lips and tongue, my hands on your right thigh now moving downward with my lips following from your left thigh. Softly blowing on your balls as I move past them to the right thigh and downwards following my hands. Looking up at you as I work my way back up from your right calf and seeing the need in your eyes I take the right testes into my mouth. Gently, reverently using my tongue and suckling at the same time and hearing your gasp of pleasure and moan of almost relief that I am finally there. Making sure to give the left testes the same exact treatment I wrap my hand around your hard cock and rub my thumb over the tip. Spreading the droplets of precum over the head so I can use it as lube I wrap my fingers around the shaft and slowly move them up and down while my tongue touches that sensitive spot right under your balls. Then I run my tongue up until it is following my fingers, tracing a line from the base of your shaft to the tip.

My tongue circles around the tip, glorying in the sweet taste of your precum still leaking. Taking your glorious cock into my mouth and sucking as I move downwards and swirling my tongue while one hand moves in unison with my mouth and the other is caressing your balls. I glance up at you loving having your cock in my mouth and catch your eyes watching me. All of a sudden you reach down and pull me up your body and kiss me hard. I find myself flipped over and you are entering me from behind, pressing me into the mattress. Your hard cock finds my tight, wet, hot pussy and I hear you groan into my hair as you drive hard into me again. I moan at the feeling of your hard body up against my back and ass and move my hips back up against you as you keep driving hard into me. This is rougher than before and I am reveling in the pleasure as you drive hard and deep over and over. I feel the familiar tightening and realizing I cannot hold it any longer I tell you I want it harder please, that I am going to come and not to stop. I tell you I want to feel your cum coating my pussy and mixing with mine which sends you right over the edge with me. I feel you grab my hair as you pull me back into you hard as you thrust once, twice more and then groan and collapse onto me. 

Breathless but grinning, we roll over to our side and I whisper to you that if this is going to be the outcome of the next fight that I am ready to get started with that one straightaway. You laugh and say lets not and say we did as we roll back over and start kissing again.