 We sat sipping our coffee while nibbling on a pastry, enjoying the cozy comfort the book store offered. As a struggling newly married couple we had mastered the art of the cheep date and the book store was one of our regulars being close by and offering free entertainment - reading. Angie's mother was visiting so we invited her to come with us on our date night and were rewarded when she insisted on picking up the tab. 

As far as mother-in-laws go I felt fortunate because I got a pretty good one. While rather large, Marie had a pleasant personality, always happy with a sweet smile and a ready laugh. My dad had counseled me to take a careful look at the mother of a perspective wife because, he claimed, that is what you'll get in the long run. Other than the fat part I was satisfied with what I saw.

After wandering the store for a while I found myself in the "Self Improvement" section. While having many interest I lacked practical experience so had found these books intriguing. How to make repairs around the house; how to keep the old car going; how to think and grow rich; how to grow a garden; how to reprogram my mind using self-talk; how to become a better lover. A book in that last category had caught my eye with the unusual title of "Cake Mix." The jacket featured a sketch of naked lovers in an embrace. I wanted to look the book over more but didn't want to be seen with it so I went down the aisle and took the cover jacket off of a cook book and placed it over my book then proceeded to where some couches were and began to get educated on how to please a woman!

No sooner had I begun to read then my mother-in-law came and sat beside me. When she noticed the book in my lap she began gushing about what a wonderful cookbook it was and how she wanted to get it for us. Try as I might I could not dissuade her and she took the book from me. When I saw Angie headed our way I was beginning to panic but finally convinced Marie to get it as a surprise for Angie's birthday which was three weeks away. With that she got up and made her way to the checkout before Angie could see what was happing.

Once we were back home, Marie presented the now gift wrapped book to Angie and told her to not open it until her birthday. Unable to keep a secret though, Marie then began one of those mother daughter lectures.

"You know Angie to keep a man satisfy it behooves a wife to continually develop her skills. A hungry man is a bear. Keep him full of your warm and delicious goodies and you'll both be happy. Follow these recipes and you'll change an ordinary day into something special. And don't be afraid to experiment either. Try your own variations and be open to suggestions. That keeps things interesting. Most of all, love what you're doing. This book has been such an inspiration to me I committed it to memory early in my marriage. I should have shared its secrets with you before now. If you ever have any questions don't hesitate to call, that's what mothers are for. I want to share my years of experience."

Then turning her attention to me Marie continued. "Jon, there is nothing more satisfying than to spend time with your wife baking a cake, sharing the simple pleasures of life. Slow down, take time to enjoy the experience of being together then savor the treats you make."

The next day Angie took her mother to the train station to see her off to home. It was my intention to buy a real cookbook as soon as the next payday came around. I was too late. When I got home I found Angie curled up on the couch reading her new book.

"Angie," I exclaimed, "You weren't suppose to open that until your birthday!"

"Mon was so animated about it," Angie replied, "I couldn't help myself. It's nothing like I expected though. It has the cover of a cookbook but it is all about making love. I guess she just found it too embarrassing to talk about these sorts of things so this is her way of helping me -- us."

Trying to act surprised I said, "It's not a cookbook?" "No, but it does liken making love to making a cake. I guess that is why the cookbook cover. 

"Well," I said, feeling better about things given Angie mild reaction to the book, "I guess we had better memorize the book like your mother did so we can enjoy all those treats together."

"Uh," Angie sighed, "It is a big book. This is going to take some time to get through."

That is one of the sweet things I love about Angie. She is smart enough but can be so naive. I could sense this book mix-up was going to turn our all right.

"Say, pretty woman, how about getting a couple of $3 veggie burritos down at Taco Time? Can you put your book learning on hold for that long," I teased?

.........

Different Kinds of Cakes

There are different kinds of love. Angie's cookbook took some time to mention each. Friendship, parental, brotherly, and of course the intimate love of lovers. Making a lovers 'cake' was the focus of this book. 

Angie would highlight in pink those words that caught her attention I highlighted in yellow.

Pink: A woman needs to feel appreciated, wanted and desirable.

Yellow: We can choose how we feel.

Pink: A long term relationship based on trust and fidelity allows lovers to express their deepest desires, leading to deep levels of erotic intimacy.

Yellow: When a man wants sex it is easy for him to put all other matters out of his mind. Not so with a woman.

Pink: People who have been married for some time have the most frequent and satisfying sex lives because of their deep emotional connection.

Yellow: Men think like a man because they are one. Appreciate them; don't try to change their manliness.

Pink: A woman needs romance. Be gentle, sweet, thoughtful, and don't forget the cards and flowers.

Yellow: If a man forgets, it doesn't mean he doesn't love you, it means he forgot.

Pink: A woman opens herself to intercourse when she feels loved.

Yellow: A man uses intercourse to show his mate he loves her.

Pink: Women need to hear words of affirmation and endearment. 

Yellow: So do men.

Pink: The woman should choose the decor for the love chamber. The bedroom is used only for loving and sleeping. Women in particular are easily distracted so keep it peaceful. No TV, not a work center, just a place for lovers.

Yellow: The only bed clothes a couple should wear to bed is the sheets and blankets of the bed itself. 

Pink: Bathe every day.

Yellow: Being fit and trim greatly enhances your love life.

Pink: Making love is an emotional and physical experience. 

Yellow: Encourage your partner to express their self about their sexual wants and needs.

Pink: Women have very active brains and are always thinking even when resting; it is hard to leave problems behind so it takes a woman some time to get in the mood for sex. Men's brains shut down when they want to rest; they can forget about the problems for a while, especially if there is sex to be had.

Yellow: The portion of men's brains responsive to sex hormones is over twice as large in men as women; he is program to be more responsive to sexual feelings.

Pink: Men fear the reason his wife is not in the mood more often is because he is a poor lover. Most men would like to have sex more than they are presently getting.

Yellow: The primary hormone responsible for sexual desire is testosterone. Stop having sex and you'll reduce the capacity to produce testosterone.

Pink: When a woman rejects her husband's sexual advances she creates an emotional separation in her husband's mind, hurting her relationship with him.

Yellow: A man becomes addicted to seeing his naked wife as the hormones responsible for arousal and alertness are released. 

Pink: If you're not the erotic image for your husband then there is a good chance some other women in the porn industry is. 

Yellow: Frequent, not long lovemaking is best. Try half hour a day, with 10 minutes of massage, 10 minutes of kissing and foreplay and 10 minutes of actual intercourse. 

Pink: When a woman is emotionally ready it really only takes both men and women 10 minutes to become fully physically sexually aroused. So there is no reason why a couple can't each experience an orgasm in that time.

Yellow: Here is how to make love all night long. Make passionate love for 45 minutes at bedtime then fall asleep in each other's arms, enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies while you sleep and in the morning make love again. Now that would be satisfying. 

..........

"There are many kinds of cakes with all kinds of flavors," Tom intoned. Tom was the male voice in our cookbook. He was to be my guide, my alter ego, thought bigger than I he seemed like a friendly guy. "You know because you've tried many. Before we begin to explore your lover's body and find out what they find tasty, I want you to get out your favorite recipe and bake a cake together before you head off to bed." 

"Here," Tom said, "is the key to the bed room. Remember it and you'll use it often. 'A woman is always thinking -- always. It is usually about people and relationships. When you want sex you will have to get her attention so she will be thinking about you. Do this by talking. Tell her tidbits about your day so she feels part of you. Talk about her day and praise her. Express your warm feeling and desires for her. Touch her often. Let her know hours before that you want her and her active mind will be preparing herself for you all day long. Then when you're in her arms be sure to let her know that she is bringing peace and tranquility to your soul." 

The music added it element to this erotic exploration. The room was pleasantly warm and soft light bathed the room.

By now my wife had laid down on the bed, with legs spread wide as she invited Tom to sample her offerings. 

Being a big guy, Tom knelt by the bed and began to massage her feet and nibble on her toes. He took his time moving up her legs with kisses and when he came to her pussy he only gave it a light brush with his beard before rising up and moving on up to her belly and chest, giving special time and attention to her breast. All the while he would ask Angie what she was feeling and where she wanted to be kissed next. I could see Angie squirming in delight as Tom's hairy face and kisses tickled her lily white body. His kissing and nuzzling continued on up to her neck and ears until their lips connected in increasingly passionate kissing; all the while their hands explored each other's naked body. 

He then started to back track with his kissing down my wife's body lingering in those areas where she had previously expressed particular delight finally arriving back at her pussy. When kneeling by the bed again, Angie placed her legs over Tom's shoulders so he could have easy access to her pussy. It took just a few minutes before Angie started moaning with pleasure as he kissed, sucked and stroked her pussy with his tongue and lips giving her clit special attention. Angie, obviously in rapture, put poor Tom's head in a leg lock so his face was buried in her pussy as she exploded into fits of orgasms. 

"Wow Katie," I whispered, "I'll bet Tom hasn't had his face bashed around like that since his high school wrestling days."

Katie, the female voice of the cookbook, just gave me a knowing smile then taking her finger she began to draw an imaginary cake on my chest. "You and Angie made a cake together recently right? Did it taste good?"

"Very good," I responded, "it was one of my favorites."

"That's because you took the time to bake it correctly. Well making love is like baking a cake. First you get the ingredients together, that's lovers who are in harmony and in a tranquil comfortable setting. Harmony is very very important. Then you mix them up as you pre-heat the oven, that's the foreplay you saw Angie and Tom doing. Lover need to take enough time to where they can see the physical effects of sexual arousal. Things like the erection of Angie's nipples, her increased breathing rate, the sex flush where pinkish spots appear on her body. There are lots of other sexual physical things going on in a woman's body that we can't see, things like increased blood pressure, vaginal expansion as it prepares itself for the penis but I want my you to be particularly aware of the visible. Things like the increase in sensitivity to touch in places like the breast, the visible swollen clitoral glans, the enlarged labia majora and minora and the wetness escaping the vagina." 

"When you see these signs that is like the oven the bell going off telling you the oven is up to temperature. Angie's pre coitus orgasm was a clear signal that she is ready to and only now is it time to put the cake in the over!"

"And how long should that take," I asked.

"It depends, that's why we go by temperature not time. For me if it is the right time of the month and my stress level is low it might only take me 10 minutes of kissing and fondling. On the other hand there are days when I'm not up to having an orgasm at all so I just tell my husband when I'm ready for him to enter me. 

Angie finally freed Tom and when he stood up I could see her swollen pussy. Katie zoomed in a camera to that area and had me notice how the labia minora had increased in size to where they protruded above the labia majora. 

"Not all women are the same and each love session will vary so a man needs to learn his wife's signals," Katie commented.

Katie had Tom spread Angie's pussy so she could get a close-up of her clitoris. "Stimulate the clitoris too quickly and it is quite painful to a woman. It's a circle of passion where you start with light tongue licks around the pussy area. Then give increasing attention to the clit when you feel her pelvic muscles begin to twitching in delight while her vagina becomes wet. Under her direction, begin to lick and suck on her clit. Even in this highly aroused state it may take several minutes of continuous stimulation to bring her to orgasm. With a little practice they will come faster and be more powerful."

Leaning into me Katie whispered, "It may be hard for a man to understand but a woman has to learn how to have orgasm. Oral or manual stimulation of the clitoris is the best way to open up the doors to this experience. Once she has learned the physical and emotional keys she'll be able to experience a vaginal/penis induced orgasm as well. At least that's been my experience. But don't rush to the clit. Only go there when you see her temperature rising and if you're not sure, ask!"

"Remember, good sex is a blend of mind and body. A woman has a hard time responding physically if she isn't mentally OK with it. Angie's engorged pussy is telling her lover she is emotionally connected to him. It is her body saying what is in her heart, that she is ready to consummate these feelings of love by merging her body with his. Sex without the emotional connection is quite flat -- but with it, lookout for the fireworks!" 

Even from where I sat I could see that's Angie's cunt was quite wet from her orgasm and her breast nipples stood erect. Tom grabbed her ankles and raised her leg high, resting them against his hairy chest and shoulders. His erect penis was long, thick and straight. As he directed his penis towards my wife's vaginal entrance his pre cum dripped from its tip. 

"Many women don't realize," Katie noted at seeing Tom pre cum, "that the sexual tension a man receives while stimulating a woman is very pleasurable and helps him last longer once intercourse begins. But of course nothing compares to the act of mating itself -- so it's time to put the cake in the oven and start baking."

Angie's swollen pussy lips parted as Tom rubbed the head of his engorged penis up and down her inner pussy lips giving special attention to her clit. Angie let out a loud sigh of satisfaction when he slowly let his penis slide into her vagina. 

"Oh Tommy you feel so good in me," Angie exclaimed.

"You look beautiful baby girl and then to feel your tight, delicious, warm, sensuous vagina holding my penis sends me to nirvana," Tom's words were colored with sincerity and passion. "Cake's in the oven!" Katie whispered. "Remember it takes a steady even heat to bake a cake, so too a man needs to keep it from getting too hot or he'll burn out before they reach the delicious satisfaction they both want!"

Angie did look beautiful as Tom gently rocked her with his movements. Her breast stood round and plump like two bowls of vanilla ice cream, a Heresy's chocolate kiss adorning each. Tom would pause to bend forward now and again to fondle her breast. Her blue eyes followed his as his gaze move from her face to her breast, down to her tummy then to where his penis entered her lovely body. I could see she was giving Tom that dreamy look of pleasure a woman has when she knows she is the center of a man's desire. With a low soft voice Tom kept talking to Angie, describing her beauty, her sweetness, how soft and warm she felt, what delicious pleasure she was giving him. 

"From a woman's point of view I see several things going on that should led to an orgasm. Want me to tell you what I saw?"

"By all means, clue me into a woman's world."

"To start with, everything a woman feels now is greatly heightened and feels especially keen because she thoughts are fully directed toward her lover. The pre coitus orgasm sealed the deal and primed her for the rest of their lovemaking."

"You see how Tom's penis really moved Angie's swollen vulva around which is indirectly stroked her clitoris. It all feels really, really nice to a woman." 

"Note also how Tom's penis is really filling your wife's vagina full. This means he is giving powerful stimulation to her G-spot with the head of his penis, which has its own special sensations." 

"Also a woman really loves the sensuous full feeling she has when a man's penis fills her vagina. She loves too the feel of his penis moving in and out of her vagina." 

"A woman loves it when her lover is obviously enchanted with her beauty and gazes at her while she is being loved." 

"Woman love to hear a man voice. This is how a man can hold a woman's attention; keep her thinking centered on him and their love. Talking tells her that her lover sees her as a person not a thing. This is very important -- talk!"

"It gives a woman an emotional high to please a man and she knows nothing is more pleasing to a man than for her to accept him and to let him enter her." 

"A woman finds it emotionally exhilarating just knowing a man finds her desirable and beautiful. She has made herself emotionally and physically vulnerable by opening herself to his acceptance and exposing her naked body to him. When he takes the time to let her feel she is loved and wanted, then she feels waves of oneness with her lover as he impregnates her; it's the epitome of womanhood!" 

Put it all together and a woman can't help but have a delicious orgasm.

Keeping a slow even rhythm Tom continued pumping Angie's sweet pussy while his thumb stroked her clit now and then. Angie's little sighs of mmmm's, ahh's and oooh's turned to louder moans as she abandoned herself to the delightful sensations of the moment. Angie's moans suddenly erupted into cries of raw sexual emotion, her face grimacing, hand grasping tightly to the bed sheets, her pelvic arching up to meet Tom thrusts as she exploded into spasms of orgasmic delight once again. Tom's penis glistened, covered with the translucent juice from Angie's vagina as, very slowly now, he continued to fill and empty Angie's pussy with his penis, obviously enjoying the sight and feel of her writhing body. 

"I can't believe she is having another orgasm," I whispered to Katie. 

"Oh, the cock in the pussy is a beautiful kind too," Katie responded as she kept playing with the camera, zooming in close to Angie's face revealing little beads of perspiration. 
