 My best friend, Jane, and her older brother, Sam were outside by the pool. They had left me to my lofty day dreams about an hour ago. If i could, I would have fantasized about Sam for hours. Secretly, I've wanted him since I turned eighteen, two years ago. Sam was 23, and drop dead gorgeous with curly blond hair that barely brushed his broad shoulders, intense hazel eyes, and a body any athlete would be proud of. 

She and Jane are complete polar opposites, have been since middle school. Jane was 20, same age as me, and had long blond hair, green eyes, full lips,a trim body to die for, and was even lucky enough to be blessed with decent sized tits. I, on the other hand, was what society labeled a BBW. I stood at only 5 foot 4, and weighed in at 200 lbs. My long black hair naturally curled down my back, and my unusual pale blue eyes seemed to glow at times. My body is soft and curvy, especially my tits and rounded ass. 

My birthday had been last Saturday. Jane and I had met Sam at a club to celebrate. He always came home during the summers. The minute I had seen him again, my heart had skipped a beat.

I pulled my thoughts back to reality as Jane and Sam walked back into the kitchen. 

"Hey, girl, what you doing? You should have came out to the pool with us." Jane laughed out happily.

"Ha! Like I'd be caught dead standing next to you in a swimsuit. I'd look like a beached whale." I quietly responded.

"Heather! Stop that. Your beautiful and womanly, babe. Don't say stuff like that." Jane cried out, really upset.

I glanced towards Sam, shocked at his facial expression. He looked really angry. 

"I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that, Heather. You would look fantastic in a swimsuit." Sam had spit out, angrily.

"Ok, Ok, sorry! I won't be down on myself again. Ok? Truce?" I pleaded with them. 

They both smiled mischievously and pulled me into a group hug. 

"Guys! Let me go!" I laughed loudly, "You guys are nuts!"

"Yup, that's me, babe! I got to go to work. A mans got to get paid somehow. Call me later, Heather." Sam called out over his shoulder as he left.

"Babe, you like him, don't you? I can so tell by the way you look at him." Jane asked me softly.

"God, Jane, I don't have a chance in hell with your brother. He's way to sexy to settle for a fat girl." I whined.

"Oh hell no! That's it! I'm gonna help you seduce that boy if its the last thing I do. We need to go shopping. Right now!" Jane barked out, grabbing my arm. "Come on."

Jane practically had to torture me to even try stuff on. To my complete surprise, we had found a sexy dress. It was a deep emerald green satin and fitted snug, the style flattered a fuller figure. The hem fell to my knees but split up the sides almost to my hips. My tits looked fantastic, pushed up and together to produce massive cleavage. We had also managed to scrounge up a pair of dangerously sexy black satin pumps that completed the look.

"Damn, Heather, you look fucking hot! Sam is going to have a heart attack. Well, right after he creams his jeans." Jane exclaimed.

"You really think I got a chance? I'm so worried." nervously, I chewed on my bottom lip.

Jane just laughed and grabbed the dress and shoes. Leaving me stranded in the lingerie section. I looked around at the selection of sexy thongs, stockings, and bras available. I tried to be discreet and casually grab a bra and matching thongs in sheer black. Feeling daring, I also grabbed a pair of silky black stockings. I rushed to the register to pay for them.

On the way home, we made a plan of attack for me to use against Sam. I went over the plan repeatedly in my head. I was already calling him later, but now I'm going to ask him to meet up at a local club. If Jane is right, I would be getting fucked by Sam tonight. I'm so damn nervous I don't even realize we were parked in my drive.

"Heather? You're going to look stunning tonight. Don't worry so much. Good luck and you better call me in the morning!" Jane called out as I climbed out.

"Bye, Jane. I will definitely call you!" I replied then rushed inside.

I looked at the clock. Its almost 7! I took a quick shower and made sure every inch of my body was silky smooth. I got out and briskly rubbed toasted almond lotion all over my soft, fleshy body. Throwing on my robe, i headed to the bedroom.

I dialed Sams cell number from my contacts. As I waited for him to answer, I ran a pick through my thick curly hair.

"Hey Heather! I just got off work, perfect timing. What's up, babe?" he shouted over the thumping music he was playing in his car. 

"Hey Sam. I just got out of the shower. I'm going to that new club in town. I really don't feel like staying home tonight. Wanna meet me there?" I asked hopefully.

"Hell yea! I'm so ready to get my dance on, babe. I hope you won't mind dancing with me." his voice turned excited.

"I'd love that! Let's meet at the bar around 9? That cool?" I suggested casually.

"See you then, babe. I'm excited! Bye!" he yelled before he hung up.

"Ok. Time to work your magic. Please don't let me down." I whispered, holding my new dress up.

I began to dress, trembling with excitement. I slid my thongs up over my thick legs; the string disappearing between my fleshy globes. Then i fastened the bra, my large nipples barely covered. I smiled down at my body.

"Not bad for a big girl!" I said aloud.

Carefully i slipped the dress over my head and wiggled it down my body. I slipped my shoes on and headed back to the bathroom. My hair was nearly dry now so I could easily pull it up into a sexy twist, letting a curtain of curled hair spill from the top of the twist. I lightly applied some mascara, blush and shimmering gloss. I studied my reflection and gasped. I looked beautiful! Like a sexy, powerful woman.

I grabbed my black clutch purse and practically skipped out to my car. I slid in behind the wheel and pulled out onto the road. Within minutes, I pulled into the parking lot for the club. I got out and walked nervously towards the thumping music.

"How much is the cover charge?" I asked the bouncer, opening my purse.

"Damn! For you, sweetheart, its free! Don't go breaking all the boys hearts all at once in there." the bouncer replied and waved me through.

I laughed happily and entered the club. I sauntered over to the bar and looked for Sam. I finally spotted him, he was leaned back against the bar, a drink in his hand.

"Hey Sam! This place is great; I just got in for free!" I called out to him. 

He turned towards me and dropped his drink as soon as his eyes landed on me. I giggled and walked up to him.

"Heather!? Oh fuck, girl! You trying to kill me or what? You look fucking hot!" he growled out.

"Or what, Sam. I definitely don't want you dead." I whispered into his ear, rolling my body against his to the beat of the music.

I felt his hands land on my ass and he squeezed gently. He started dancing, grinding his hips into me. I grabbed his hand and pulled him out onto the dance floor. 

Sam pulled me back against him, my ass snugly pressed against his groin, and we began to grind and dance to the beat. Our bodies moved perfectly together, my eyes closed in bliss as his hands held my hips and stroked up my sides. I bent over at my waist and bumped my ass into him heatedly. His hands found the splits in my dress and ran them up my thighs, to dive in to squeeze and fondle the soft flesh. I heard him groan loudly when he realized I had stockings on.

I stood, turned towards him and wrapped my arms around his neck. 

"Heather, we need to get out of here before I fuck the hell out of you right here!" he moaned into my ear, and pulled me behind him towards the exit.

The bouncer winked at me as I'm pulled by him to Sams car. I laughed loudly. I've never felt so alive. Sam opened my door and flew to his side and got behind the wheel.

"I have never been so fucking turned on, Heather. Will you go to a hotel with me? Please for the love of sanity say yes!" he pleaded urgently as he pulled out onto the road quickly and sped to a nice hotel a few blocks away.

"Yes, Sam, I'll go anywhere with you, baby. I want you so bad. Just hurry!" I cried out heatedly.

A couple of minutes later, we pulled into the hotels lot and stopped in front of the lobby door. He ran in and got us a room. Sam ran back and drove to our room. We both scurried out, and raced for the door. He tried to unlock the door, but growled in frustration when he dropped the key card.

"Let me get that for you, baby." I whispered, and leaned down in front of him.

"Heather.." he whispered.

My face was near his crotch, a bulge had tented his pants. I undid his pants and pulled his rigid cock out. A bead of precum leaked out slowly when I squeezed him. I stuck my tongue out and swirled it around the engorged head. He braced his hands on the door, and moaned. He started to thrust slowly into my mouth, grunting. I wrapped my hand around the base and slid my mouth down him until my hand bumped my lips. Moaning softly, I began to pump his cock slowly with my wet mouth and warm hand. I picked up speed when he growled deeply and tangled one of his hands in my hair. 

"Ah shit. Baby, I'm gonna cum." he warned me quietly, his breath came harsh and fast.

I gripped you tighter with my hand and mouth, and bobbed frantically. I felt him swell, and hot, salty cum flooded my mouth. I hungrily drank him down and moaned in bliss at his taste.

"Ohhhhh fuck, baby. We got to get in this fucking room now!" he loudly whispered.

I stood up slowly, and placed the key card in his face. I laughed as he swiped it and opened the door in a lust driven frenzy.

Sam pulled me in roughly and pinned me against a wall. He pressed his muscular thigh between my thighs and ground. Our lips crashed together in a bruising, savage kiss. Our tongues swirled and danced together wickedly. He pulled my dress up, the kiss broke only to take it all the way off. He groaned when he saw my body.

I'm propped against the wall, my scantily clad tits swelled with each breath. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my thongs and spread my stocking covered legs wantonly. The black pumps made my thighs and calfs tense up firmly. 

"Oh baby, your so damn beautiful! I've wanted this since I came home that first summer after you graduated. I promise, you're going to cum like a goddess should tonight." his voice heated with desire. He grabbed my hand and led me to the bed.

We grasped onto each other, kissing wildly. He backed me up to the bed until the bed had hit my thighs. I sat on the edge and wrapped my legs around his thighs. He gently laid me back and kissed down my neck to my tits. I moaned in pleasure, my fingers buried in his curls. Sam pulled the cups of my bra down until my hardened buds pop out. He surrounded one with his hot mouth and tweaked the other with two of his fingers.

"Oh fuck yes! That's what I like, Sam baby. Mmmmmmmm!" I gasped.

He groaned around my tit and then switched to the other. Swirled his tongue around the bud softly, sucked it deeply into his mouth. I ground my hips against him wildly, pleasure coursed through my body. 

His mouth trailed down my soft tummy slowly, his head lifted when he reached my thongs.

"Baby, I got to taste you. Lift your hips for me, sexy, so I can take these off." he begged.

I lifted my hips up and shoved my pussy in his face. He breathed in and groaned hungrily. He ripped my thong off and gently began to lick. His hands settled behind my knees and pushed my legs back to spread my wet slit for his tongue. 

"Yes! Lick that wet pussy! You like my pretty pussy, baby?" I cried out loudly, his tongue now circled my pearl. 

He moaned, "God yes!" into my pussy and shoved his tongue into my slick pussy hole. He placed two fingers on my clit, rubbed fast, his tongue pumped into me furiously. His groans and grunts drove me over the edge. My cum flowed over his tongue hotly, and ran down his chin. 

"Baby! I'm cumming! Shit!" I grunted out forcefully. My eyes clenched and body quaked. His mouth nearly sucked my whole pussy in his mouth as I kept cumming hard.

"I need you in me, Sam! Fuck me now!" I screamed.

"Fuck baby, turn that ass up for me. I want to watch it shake as I pound this delicious pussy!" his hands flipped me onto my stomach. 

I got on my hands and knees, and braced myself on the headboard. I felt him crawl up behind me and he slowly licked from my clit to the puckered rosebud. His tongue flicked over it lightly, which made me scream and thrust my ass back on his mouth.

"Mmm, my baby likes this tight little ass licked. You taste so fucking good, Heather!" he groaned out, abruptly straightened up and rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit energetically.

"I fucking love anything you want to do to me! God! Get that dick in me now!" I ordered, at the same time i pushed back on him.

His swollen cock head pushed against my entrance urgently, finally he broke through with a quick thrust of his hips.

"Fuck! Your so tight, baby! Brace yourself, girl, I'm bout to fuck you senseless." his hands gripped my thick hips roughly. He started slamming his cock to the hilt over and over in my pussy.

"Sam! Yes baby, fuck this pussy! Make me cum on that dick." I screamed between thrusts.

My soft body jiggled as his hips slapped against my ass in a frenzy. Roughly, he pulled my head back with one hand and whacked my ass hard until it was red.

"I'm cumming! Oh fuck yes!" I screamed wildly, my pussy gripped him tightly as my creamy cum coated his cock completely.

"Holy shit! Milk this cock, baby! I'm gonna explode!" his thrusts grow harder and faster then suddenly he roared. He rammed into me and held still. His dick swelled and shot hot cum deep into me over and over. Each spurt dragged a guttural grunt from him. With the final twitch of his cock, he fell to the side and tenderly pulled me close.

"Heather, my god, your spectacular. I've never felt that good before, baby. I sure hope this isn't a one night stand cause I do believe I could spend eternity pleasing this wonderfully plump woman in my arms." Sam whispered into my ear dreamily.

"Eternity it is, then, baby. I'll be yours until I die." I murmured lovingly as we both drifted to sleep in each others arms.