 I stepped off the plain, into the hot, humid night; acutely aware of why I was was there. I hadn't seen him in almost ten years. We had been involved for a while, back in our college days. Oh, yes, I knew why I was there, but I wondered how he would react to seeing me again after all these years. All I knew about his life was that he was recently divorced, had a brand new job, which was what had taken him to the Houston area, and was very, very horny. We had seen each other for a while in college, and while we had made very passionate love, I never did fully let go. I was older than him, and he seemed a little more reserved than me. I didn't want to scare him off. When I think about what I wanted to do with him............I feel my nipples harden at the thought. 

In the cab, I thought about the very steamy emails that we hade been sending back and forth over the net. If I had known that he was capable of this, I would have let my desires run unbridled. If he only knew what he does to me when he tells me how he would like to touch me. Thinking of this, I felt a familiar stirring within. I asked the cabbie to stop off at a local bar. I needed something to take the edge off if I was going to go through with this. 

Inside the bar, it became apparent that the outfit I chose for the night, a tight black lace-up leather corset, a black leather mini skirt, and black thigh high leather boots, was a real attention getter, as several pairs of eyes turned from the bar to look at me. I had decided to forego any undergarments when I had dressed that morning, and I smiled to myself, thinking that he would have loved being out in public with me, and being the only one to know my little secret. The corset showed a lot of cleavage, and I felt confident when I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror over the bar. One guy even came over and offered to buy me a drink, but I politely refused. I wasn't about to let anything stand it the way of getting what I wanted tonight. I had come too far to let that happen. I only had one man on my mind that night. I paid the bartender, and went back out to find my cab. 

It hadn't been easy, but I had managed to find out where he was staying, and I had called ahead to tell the hotel that I was his wife, and that I would be joining him this evening. It took some convincing, but they agreed to leave a key for me at the desk. 

When I arrived at the front desk, It occurred to me that I looked more like a hooker than a wife who was here to surprise her husband (the story I had told the guy on the phone earlier in the day). The guy at the front counter didn't miss a beat. He handed me the key, and I swear I saw him wink at me before I turned and walked away! 

So, there I was, hundreds of miles from home, I made it past the front desk, and all that lay between me and what I wanted was a few feet of hallway, and the door to the room. It wasn't that late, so I figured that he would still be up, maybe surfing the net. Or, maybe he wouldn't be there, and I could slip into his bed and wait for him. 

When I stepped up to the room, there was no sound coming from the other side of the door. What if he wasn't there? I almost talked myself out of going in; I didn't know what I would say to him once I was in the room. This was the moment of truth. I could go back home, and never fulfill the fantasies that had played themselves out in my mind, or I could go inside and make them a reality. I made my decision, and turned the knob. 

It was dark inside the room, except for the light that was coming from the Tori Wells movie that was playing on the TV. I could see that she was busy going down on some blond chick. I heard a sound that came from the direction of the bed. As my eyes adjusted, I could see him lying, stretched out on the bed. I couldn't believe that I was actually looking at him, lying on the bed, only partially covered by the sheet. I was close enough to reach out and touch him, but I hesitated for a minute, taking the time to drink in his form, memorize the way he looked, to listen to the sound of him breathing. I stripped out of my clothes, and contemplated my next move. 

Suddenly, the room went dark. It took a second before I realized that the sleep timer on the TV must have gone off. At this point, the room was completely dark. I reached out until I could touch the edge of the bed. I crawled in, ever so slowly, so as not to startle him. I reached under the covers, and realized that he already had a raging hard on. I wondered whom he was dreaming about. I touched the tip of his cock with my tongue, drawing little circles around the tip, and with this, he moaned, and shifted his position. I was kneeling between his legs, and proceeded to lick up and down the length of him, like his cock was a lollipop. I worked my way down the shaft, and back to the tip. He still didn't wake up, but his breathing grew faster. I took the head in my mouth, and worked it in and out, and in and out, slowly, at first, and then gradually getting faster, and all the while holding and squeezing his balls. He reached out, and put his hands on the back of my head, and started thrusting into my mouth as I sucked on his rock hard cock. 

The next thing I knew, he pulled me up beside him, and started kissing me very passionately. He rolled me over on my back and he started kissing my neck. He worked his way down my body, kissing and sucking my nipples, and licking ever so slowly and gently down. He parted my legs, and touched me, and found that I was already very wet from the anticipation of what would come next. He bent down and kissed me all around, teasing me, but knowing what I wanted. I couldn't take the teasing much longer, and I think that he sensed that, because he started to lick me. Every time that his tongue touched me, I felt like little explosions were going off inside of me, and I moved to meet each contact. I realized, quite quickly, that I was about to cum. I grabbed the sheets on either side of me, and rode through every wave of that wonderful orgasm. He continued to stroke me with his tongue, gently, until it subsided. 

At that exact moment, I knew that I needed him. I needed to feel his hard cock buried inside me. His need must have matched mine, because he rolled me over on my hands and knees, and entered me from behind, in one long, smooth movement. He moved in me, pulling out until only the head of his cock was inside me, and then driving into me until I was completely filled with him. 

He seemed to sense the exact rhythm it would take to drive me over the edge. I found myself begging him not to stop, to fuck me. And he did, as though his very life depended on it. His breathing became labored, and fast, and I realized that he was about to climax. I too was very close, so I reached under and grabbed his balls, and squeezed them. He started to moan, and I knew he was cumming. That was enough to send me over the edge. We were cumming together, and I am pretty sure that the people in the adjoining rooms knew it. 

We rolled over together, quite spent, and layed together nested like spoons, him still inside of me. And that is how we slept. 

The next morning, when we awoke, he was surprised to see me. He said that he often dreamed of me, and had assumed that what we had shared the night before was a wonderful dream, until he rolled over a found me lying next to him. Of course, I offered to prove to him that it hadn't been a dream, and offered myself to him again.........................