 Jason held his head in his hands. It had been a busy day interviewing and none of the girls so far had shown much promise. The biggest problem so far had been language. Most of the girls spoke passable English but passable just didn't cut it. That was the hard part about interviewing for foreign escorts. There was an ample supply of Western girls but the ones that brought in the most money were the Eastern Europeans and Asians. These were also the ones that were high in demand.

Jason smiled to himself as he thought of Tatiana, the girl from Ukraine. She was gorgeous with a drop dead figure. She had started off her interview by doing some gymnastic moves ending in splits. She had started to talk and her English was acceptable, even slightly alluring with her ethnic accent. Then she had laughed aloud and the most awful teeth had appeared. Definitely a no-no.

He looked at his appointment sheet. There was only one to go - Vivienna. Interesting name he thought to himself. Jason checked her biodata. Vivienna Kumar was a 22 year old. Originally from India, she had completed her bachelor of Arts degree and had just started Law school. Her extra curricular achievements were impressive too, being involved in debating, the science society and many other activities – mainly scholastic. 

"Sounds like a geek." Jason laughed to himself. Part of the interview process didn't allow for photos on the biodata sheets to ensure the interviewer didn't make any pre-judgments. Jason looked at his watch and pressed the intercom. "Send her in." 

He was still looking down and writing on the previous interviewees form when he heard her being ushered in. He waved his hand in the air, beckoning her in while he continued his work. Finally he looked up and smiled at the woman standing before him.

She had light brown skin – almost like a latte - and a pretty face. Her cheekbones were high and almost plump – giving her an almost childlike, innocent look. Her eyes were deep and enticing and her lips. Aaah her lips. Coated with just a touch of lipstick, they looked soft and kissable, with just a hint of a pout.

Jason's eyes scanned her body. She was wearing a white cotton blouse with a lacy sweater over it. A mauve skirt that reached just below her knees and a pair of black open toed heels completed her look. Simple and functional. She had nice, full breasts that filled her blouse nicely, showing just enough cleavage. Her hips were not too big and she had a nice tight ass with no sag at all. All in all a very attractive figure.

"So you want to be an escort?" Jason said, getting straight to the point.

"Yes, I do." There was just a slight twang to her accent, that Jason found quite appealing.

"You do know what's involved." Jason led her, being careful not to mention sex as that could be misconstrued as soliciting or sexual harassment. He had to let her say everything. Most girls knew what was involved and knew how to approach it. Once they had said the key words and had shown they were willing, Jason could do whatever else he needed to. 

"Lots of sex?" Vivienna smiled. "That's what you're waiting to hear right?"

"And would you be willing to...you know." Jason proceeded.

"Sleep with the client? Let them fuck me?" Vivienna said very coyly. "Relax, I'm not an undercover cop. I know this is just a front and I need the job."

"Tell me more. Why are you so interested in this?"

Vivienna explained how she was trying to pay off her loans and get enough money to get through Law school. She went further to say that it was in a way ironical that she wanted to do something illegal to become legally qualified.

Jason liked this girl. She needed a little work on makeup and hair styling as well as a new wardrobe. She spoke well and had a certain presence about her. She also obviously had some brains – that always helped.

"Lift your skirt. Lemme see what you have underneath."

Vivienna slowly drew her mauve skirt upward, displaying a pair of thin cotton panties. The panties were light brown in colour, almost the colour of her skin. He could see a thick thatch of hair underneath the panties and her thighs nearing her crotch were hairy as well.

"Your bra the same as your panties?" Jason prodded.

"Yeah. Pretty much. I've never been able to spend much on my undies. Although who wouldn't love to wear Victoria Secrets and stuff like that."

"Well, if you want to work here, you'll have to get a new wardrobe. Especially your undergarments. Men are very visual creatures and plain panties like that can be a turn off." Jason explained. "And makeup too. Your expected to be in full makeup but nothing too tarty. If you need help we have people at the agency that can show you how its done."

"So I got the job?" Vivienna squealed.

"Pretty much. As long as you complete the training, your hired. Go get a trim too okay?"

"A trim? Huh?" Vivienna looked puzzled.

"You're a bit too hairy down in your pussy area honey!" Jason laughed as Vivienna blushed. "Here, take this letter and go get yourself some new clothes. And DON'T forget the undies. Buy what you want but 50% will come out of your paycheck. That's the way it works. Any clothes you buy, we pay for half of it. That's the investment we make on our girls."

"Thanks. Thanks a lot." 

"You start your training on Monday. So this is the last weekend you have for yourself. No boyfriend on the scene to complicate matters I hope?"

"No. None at all." Vivienna replied.

"Good. See you Monday then." Jason said. "Any questions?"

"Uh yeah. What sort of training is it and how long for"

"Sexual. Sexual training. Most of it is practical of course and some is On Job Training. You get paid for the duration of your training and how long it takes all depends how good you are and how fast you learn."

Vivienna's cheeks were still blushing as she slowly left the room.

*** ***** ***

Jason was pleased to see the improvement in Vivienna's appearance as she walked in the door. She was wearing a short black shirt with a thin white cotton blouse. The white and black combination gave her a look that could go many ways – as a high flying corporate person; a slutty secretary or even an innocent private school girl – depending on how she wanted to play it. 

Jason could make out the lacy tones of a half cup beige bra underneath her blouse Dangly earrings dripped from her ear-lobes. Her hair had been teased and hung glamorously about her shoulders. Her makeup had been done nicely – not too much but just enough. She looked absolutely ravishing!

"Spent a bit of money did we?" Jason smiled.

Vivienna nodded and smiled demurely.

"Any questions before we begin?"

"Guess not." She replied.

"Everything will be taped during the length of your training. We'll use the tapes to review your progress together and areas that you need to work on. Some of the stuff will be edited to show clients who want a preview of you."

"Kinda like porn previews." Vivienna remarked slyly.

"Yeah, I suppose you could explain it that way." Jason grinned. "That's what I like about you. You've got wit and attitude. Hopefully that comes out in your work as well."

"Are you the 'trainer' then?" Vivienna asked Jason, placing sarcastic emphasis on the word 'trainer'.

"Actually no." Jason replied. "I'm more the observer – for today anyway. Your breaking in ceremony is going to be done by Terry. But I'm sure there'll be plenty of opportunity for me to train you soon enough!" Jason laughed as he said this. He got up and walked toward the door and turning to Vivienna said, "Now if you will follow me, my dear."

Jason eyed Vivienna's ass appreciatively as she walked ahead of him. He noticed that she had a nice swing to her walk and her tight ass jutted out provocatively. He felt his cock stirring slightly and he wished that he had opted to start her training rather than be the evaluator. Still, he was looking forward to seeing her perform.

They reached the end of the corridor and Jason swiped his security card to open a door. Vivienna gasped audibly at the sight in front of her. The walls and ceiling were covered in mirrors and there were a number of video camera's all over the room and even one mounted on the ceiling with a robotic arm. In the middle of the room was a King Sized bed with sparkling white sheets. 

"Pretty impressive huh." Jason remarked. "Go stand in front of the bed while I go into the control room.

Vivienna moved toward the bed as Jason opened a mirrored door and stepped inside. Vivienne caught a glimpse of a console deck inside the room that looked like something out of a recording studio – all filled with knobs, switches and flashing lights.

"Can we do a sound check please?" Jason's voice came booming out into the room.

"Uh ...yeah...what should I say?" Vivienna said.

"That's fine. I can pick you up clearly." Jason said. "Now I'm gonna start recording and ask you some questions. Just speak normally and follow my lead."

"Okay" Vivienna answered. Jason picked up only a slight nervousness in her voice. This girl was much more calm and relaxed that any of the previous ones he had trained.

"Say hello, tell us your name and a little about yourself. Remember, this is what potential clients will see."

"Hi there. My name is Vivienna Kumar and I'm 22 years old. I'm originally from Mangalore in Karnataka, India." She smiled seductively and tossed her hair. "Incidentally, Mangalore is the same place that Aishwarya Rai, the famous Indian actress and former Miss Universe, was born .

Nice touch, thought Jason to himself as he watched Vivienna deliver her introduction.

"I hold a Bachelor of Arts degree and am currently pursuing Law, so conversation will not be a problem with me." She giggled softly, another nice touch that Jason liked. She had proceeded to sit on the bed now and Jason adjusted the camera to follow her. 

"I like meeting people and I enjoy good food, especially desserts. I think I am pretty open minded about most issues and would love the chance to get to meet you."

Jason swallowed hard as he watched Vivienna slowly part her legs to show a glimpse of white lace panties. The panties were sheer around her crotch and he noticed that the jungle he had seen there previously had been cleared.

"Tell us a bit about your sexual preferences." He interjected, pressing the mute button on the recorder so that his voice would not interfere with the recording.

"Sexually, there's not much I wont do. I'm not a virgin anywhere." Soft giggles. "And I've even been with another woman. As I said, I'm open minded and that includes everything I do. Try me, maybe even surprise me. Help me discover my limits."

Her hand had snaked down to the tip of her skirt and she was lightly caressing her inner thigh, just below the edge of her skirt.

Jason felt his cock throb in his pants. This girl was performing like a professional! Her sultriness and seductive tone of voice combined with what she said was having a profound effect on him. If she really as good as she sounded, he had probably stumbled on a gold mine. He pressed the button that would summon Terry as he pressed the mute button again and spoke into the microphone. "Great job! Now can you stand and slowly undress. Imagine your seducing someone."

Vivienna smiled coyly and slowly stood up. She dropped her head as she did so, letting her hair fall over her face and then she whipped her head up. Bits of hair still covered her face but the look was pure sensuality. With her lips lightly parted, she ran her hands over her hips and then up to her breasts. She slowly unbuttoned her white blouse, taking her time to ease the material away from her body to show the beige lacy bra underneath. 

She fully unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it open, the white of the material contrasting wonderfully with her light brown skin. Her full breasts jutted out of her chest and the half cupped bra only served to accentuate their fullness. Her hips swayed lightly as she seemed to dance to a silent rhythm. Her fingers reached behind her to unzip her skirt and her undulating hips caused the skirt to slither of her firm behind.

Jason gasped as he saw the thin lace bikini panties covering her pussy. Vivienna stepped out of her skirt and then turned around and bent forward, giving the camera a perfect view of her tight ass. She turned around again slowly, and cupped her bra covered breasts, squeezing them together and forcing more of her meaty globes to spill out. She reached behind her and Jason heard the audible clicking sound of her bra being unclasped. Her breasts seemed to shudder for a moment before they sprang up majestically.

Jason turned to see Terry entering the contol room from the back entrance. He nodded quietly to Terry as he pointed and smiled at the sexy girl in the room.

Her breasts were truly a wondrous sight. They were round and full and as she twirled herself around, with her hands entwined above her head, Jason could see the sides of her breasts spilling across her shoulders, like half moons. As she turned back to face him, he notices the dark areoles staring at him like two eyes. Her nipples were long and hard and poked out of her breasts – just begging to be sucked and pinched.

Jason felt a lump in his throat as the lump in his pants got bigger. He could feel bits of his precum leaking out of his cock and he adjusted himself on his seat, relieving a bit of pressure on his cock. He watched spellbound as Vivenna now slowly hooked her fingers into the waistband of her panties and slowly rolled them down.

He liked how she rolled her panties down, rather than just slipping them off her. By the time they had fallen to her ankles, they were nicely rolled up in a thick band. He took in a deep breath as he surveyed her pussy. She had definitely deforested the area and all the was left was a small triangular patch of hair on the mound.

His eyes grew wide as he noticed the thick lips of her vulva protruding out at him. The lips were darker than the rest of her body and the edges were almost black, as if outlining her lips. There were glistens of moisture on her vulva and he swore he could see white cream leaking out of her pussy.

Her hands moved to her pussy and she cupped it softly before slowly parting her lips with both hands and then seductively inserting one finger into her seething hole. She made an audible guttural sound as she backed herself back to the bed and lay herself down on it.

"She's something." Terry said quietly, finally breaking the silence. It was alright to talk in the room as long as the microphone wasn't on.

"Oh Man!" Jason replied. "I haven't been this worked up with one of our girls in a long time. She's good. Real good."

"Maybe she's just a cock tease." Terry said, his own cock already stirring in his pants.

"Well, go and find out." Jason said. "I only wish it were me doing the testing."

Vivienna seemed lost in her own world as she splayed her legs wide and rubbed her pussy with her hands. Her eyes were closed and her hips thrust themselves up to meet her hand as she played with herself. Jason was sure this time that he saw white pussy cream collecting at the entrance to her twat.

"I'm going in." Terry announced as he opened the door leading to the room.

Her eyes opened as she heard the clicking of the door and she smiled warmly at Terry.

"Are you going to fuck me?" she asked softly.

"Do you want me to?" Terry countered. He wasn't going to let this newbie try and get the better of him.

"I don't know," she hissed. "Let me see what you've got. Then I'll decide."

Jason laughed as he watched from the control room. The little hussy was good. He knew from his own experience that when a man is goaded, the woman gets a better fucking.

Terry growled softly as he made his way to the bed, disrobing as he did so. He was only in his underwear as he stood in front of the bed. He looked down at Vivienna, still with her hand strumming her pussy, and his cock throbbed.

"You're very attractive." Vivienna said as she sat up and gave Terry the once over. He was tall at almost 6 feet and had broad shoulders. His stomach was relatively flat and his arse tight and firm. He had thick black hair and well chiselled features. Vivienna leaned toward him and lightly stroked his hairy chest.

"Mmmm.. I like a man with hairs on his chest." She cooed. Her hands roamed downwards over his stomach and then to the waistband of his underwear. She pulled the elastic band outward and playfully looked inside. 

"Now that's even better." She giggled.

She pulled the underpants down, letting his cock spring free. Her mouth moved forward and she kissed the tip of his cock before slowly opening her lips and letting her tongue coat his cock head, like she was licking an ice cream cone.

Terry groaned as her tongue licked along his shaft and then tickled his balls. She sucked slowly on one ball and then the next before moving back to his cockhead and engulfing his cock in one smooth action. Her fingers played with his balls as she sucked on his cock. Terry moaned louder as his thighs stiffened with the pleasure building in his balls.

Jason controlled the camera's as he recorded Vivienna's cock sucking skills from different angles. His own cock was throbbing in his pants and he could see a small wet stain on the crotch of his pants.

Terry suddenly pushed Vivienna off his cock and back onto the bed. "I wanna taste you now." He grunted as he knelt at the foot of the bed and spread her legs wide. He buried his face into her pussy and he could immediately feel the heat radiating from it. He licked the thick lips of her vulva, eliciting a moan of pleasure from Vivienna.

His tongue dipped deeper into her as he spread her lips open. There was a puddle of pussy cream collecting just at the opening of her vagina and he hungrily dipped his tongue in to scoop it out. She tasted very fruity and almost citrus-like. Her juice was thick and creamy and Terry lapped it up greedily.

He pulled his mouth of her and spoke to the microphone in the room. "Almost like fruit yoghurt" he grinned, before diving back in again. He licked along the lips of her vulva and then started lightly tonguing her clitoris.

"Ohhhhhh." Vivienna moaned loudly as her hands flew to her pussy to open up her own lips. "That's it... Oh yessss."

Terry licked her enthusiastically, relishing how her hips rose to meet his lapping tongue. He brought his index finger to her vagina and prodded softly at her hole. Vivienna gasped as his finger entered her.

With his tongue licking her clitoris, he massaged the upper wall of her pussy, teasing and moving his finger inside her until her found the soft ridges of her g-spot. Terry wormed another finger into her, feeling her tense slightly as she grunted. He began to finger fuck her earnestly as his tongue worked frenziedly on her clitoris and vulva.

Jason watched in fascination as Vivienna mewled and thrust her hips upwards obscenely. He could see her stomach muscles spasming slightly and it was very obvious that she was enjoying the stimulation of Terry's tongue and fingers. He refocused one camera to zoon in on her face. She was biting on her lower lip and guttural sounds of ecstasy emanated from her. Her mouth suddenly flew wide open and her hands grabbed on to Terry's head, pulling his mouth hard on her.

"Oh Godd....aaarrghhh......unnnhhh....!!!"" Her head arched upward as Jason watched her body tremble and spasm before she suddenly collapsed back on the bed, her legs twitching. Jason switched camera's to record Terry, wiping his mouth with a flourish, in an almost conceited manner.

Terry lifted Vivienna's legs and splayed them apart, pulling her toward him as he did so. He positioned his thick rod against her gaping pussy and slowly pushed inside. She was wet and tight and Terry grunted as he felt her pussy engulfing him.
