 We stayed at the pool for awhile before we hit the hot tub. There was nobody in it and we had the whole hot tub to ourselves. The hot jet streams felt great on our naked bodies as we just let our bodies relax from the last two days of mind blowing sex.

Lisa and I talked about David and Linda and how nice they are. Eventually, the name of Richard came up.

Lisa asked me if I would mind if she fucked him alone. I told her I prefer to watch her fuck him but, if she wanted him alone, it would be fine with me, as long as she told me everything.

We stayed in the hot tub for about forty minutes when we saw Richard approaching. He joined us in the hot tub and he told Lisa she was the best fuck he ever had before and at the club meeting. He said he went home and jerked off a few times, with Lisa on his mind before he went to sleep. Lisa blushed and told him that he has the biggest cock she ever took and that she loved having him fuck her.

I asked Richard if he intends to take us up on the offer we made to the club members. He said he was thinking about it but did not want to over step our boundaries.

Lisa told him we were talking about him before he got here and that she was hoping he would take us up on our offer.

Richard looked at Lisa and said he would love to take us up on what we said at the club, as long as we were both ok with everything.

I told Richard I was ok with it and that Lisa was looking forward to it. That being said, Richard asked Lisa to come to his place for a couple of hours. 

Lisa looked at me and I gave her my ok and off they went. I got out of the hot tub and headed home. As I was walking home, I ran into Alice and asked her if she would like to come to my place for a drink. She said yes and we went to my house.

I poured Alice some wine and we went into the living room to sit. Alice asked where Lisa was and I just blurted out that she went to Richard's to fuck.

Alice looked at me and asked if I minded that and I said no. She then asked me if Lisa would mind if she fucked me and I told no and that Lisa and I already discussed it and that it would be ok.

Alice put down her drink and turned to me and kissed me. Her tongue immediately found mine as we embraced. My cock was already hard and pressing against Alice's stomach.

I got up and led Alice to my bedroom and laid her on my bed. I laid down besides her and we hugged and kissed. I asked her what she thought of the performance Lisa and I gave at the meeting. She said she loved watching us and decided then that she wanted to fuck me whenever she could, and that she wouldn't mind doing Lisa too.

I told her she could fuck me or Lisa anytime, all she has to do is let Lisa or me know beforehand. 

Alice then started to suck my cock and was doing a great job when she asked me to fuck her. I laid her on her back and mounted her. She guided my cock to her slit. Her hand pushed my cock head into her opening and I pushed my cock in until it was fully in her cunt.

I took my time fucking Alice and I could feel her coming alive under me. With every one of my thrusts, she returned one of hers. I told her I was going to cum and she asked me to cum in her cunt as she wanted to feel my hot cum in her.

I started pumping her harder and faster and as I was cumming, she let out a moan and had one orgasm after another.

We spent the next couple of hours fucking and sucking until we were exhausted. 

We rested awhile and Alice said she had to go. As she was leaving, Lisa walked up, smiled and asked Alice if she had a good time. I saw Alice shake her head yes as she was going home.

Lisa came in and smiled and asked if Alice was a good fuck and I told her she was.

I asked Lisa how it went with Richard. She said she would tell me everything if I poured her some wine.

I poured some wine for the both of us and we went on the sofa so Lisa could tell me everything.

Lisa said that Richard had a nice house and kept it really nice for a widower. She said that she and Richard talked about him fucking her before the meeting and at the meeting and how much he enjoyed it. He also told me that he never had a woman do the reverse cowgirl position on him and that he loved it when he came and I lifted my cunt up so his cum could flow out.

As we talked, his cock got hard and I just had to feel it in my hand so I grabbed it and ran my hand up and down his shaft. I played with his huge balls too as he just watched me.

I moved my mouth down to his cock and started to suck it but I could not get it into my mouth, so I just sucked on his cock head and licked his balls.

He said he was going to cum and I told him to cum in my mouth as I wanted to swallow as much of his nectar as possible.

I sucked him some more and jerked his cock. I could feel his balls tighten and I opened my mouth wide, anticipating him cumming. Suddenly, his hot cum was filling my mouth and I swallowed his cum as fast as he was cumming until I could not swallow anymore and his cum was dripping down onto my tits.

When he finished cumming, he kissed me and his tongue met mine with his cum still in my mouth.

We rested a bit but his cock already started getting hard again. This time, he took me into his bedroom and gently laid me down. He laid down besides me and pulled me to him. He told me that I was the best fuck he ever had and wanted to know if you would be jealous if he continued fucking me. I told him that in the future, you would be there with me and he said he was ok with that.

I pushed him on his back and straddled myself over his cock. I placed his cock under my cunt and slowly lowered myself onto his dick until it completely disappeared into my cunt. He watched me take his cock completely and was amazed I could take it all.

I started riding his cock until he was ready to cum. When he came, it was not as much as before but it felt great as he shot a couple of streams of cum into me.

We rested for awhile and discussed my performance at the meeting. As we chatted, I asked him if he could get his cock in my ass. He smiled and said he would like to try.

I then got on all fours and told him I wanted him to stick his huge cock in my ass. He got into position. He then lubed my ass hole as best he could and started to insert his cock head in my hole. It took a long time, but he finally got his cock head in my ass. We rested for awhile and then he continued his attack on my ass. As he pushed his cock into me further, he kept whispering to me how great I was and that I was a great fuck and that I had great tits and a beautiful cunt. By that time, his huge cock was fully inserted in my ass.

He took his time and then started pumping my ass. He fucked my ass slowly and deliberately. Soon, I was pushing my ass back as he pumped my ass.

I could feel every inch of his cock and it felt so good I did not want him to stop. 

He whispered he was cumming and pulled my hair back as he shot his cum in my ass. 

He finally pulled out his limp cock and whatever cum that was in me was now dripping out my wide open ass hole.

We both fell onto the bed completely spent.

We rested, got cleaned up and we were finished.

Before I left, Richard said he would like to talk to us and that he would call us in a day or so.

Look for Chapter IV