 I awoke to the unthinkable; Columbus High school had had a fatal shooting. I stood in shock as the news broadcast told the story about a outsider kid who got fed up with being made fun of and went nuts in the schools main courtyard with his Dad's handgun, killing two and injuring thirteen before he killed himself.

Although this wasn't the first time something like this happened in the country, but what made it so much of a shock for me was that Columbus High was not five miles from the high school I go to now Longpark. 

As I sat and ate breakfast I thought about how bad it must have been for the shooter. Getting made fun of was nothing new to me. I'm six feet tall and skinny, and I'm not really a vision of popularity. I know what it is like to get constantly harassed by everyone at school.

I found myself thinking about what I'd do in the same situation, and quickly shook the thoughts out of my head. As bad as being made fun of, I knew it would all pass after school was over and done with. Besides why would I want to be friends with the jerks from school? I wouldn't mind a couple of the cheerleaders though but to hell with it.

At school the mood was definitely somber. The usual chatter of the main courtyard was down to a dull murmur. I think the scare of just how close that shooting was, really hit home with everyone at school. Even the jock table ignored me as I walked toward my class. No one even glanced my way to say some lewd remark or anything.

My first class was art and I really liked the teacher Mr. Mackey, but I liked sitting near the cheerleading team captain Stacy Child. She was a vision of complete perfection; I mean this girl could beat Britney Spears in a beauty contest on her best day. 

I expected to continue our art project of drawing an imaginary neighborhood with the use of depth, but instead Mr. Mackey stood at the center of the room. He looked around at everybody before he spoke. 

"I take it you have all heard about what happened at Columbus." He said.

The room was silent and Mr. Mackey took it as a yes. 

He turned toward where Stacy and a couple of jocks were sitting. "I want you to think about this for a minute. You might think that the young man who did this was some sick depraved kid or something, but the fact was, he was just another kid. He was someone who got made fun of and picked on and drove to the breaking point by other kids, just like you." He turned to all of us and raised his arms. "It could happen here. You realize that? Think on that one guy who everybody makes fun of, think about the things you may have said to that individual and how it affects him." 

He put his hands down. "I would like you to think about what could be done to make it up to the one you all think is a loser, because you never know what that 'loser' may do tomorrow."

While it was a good speech I couldn't help thinking that everyone began to look at me. I mean sure I got made fun of a lot but did they really it think I was capable to do something like this? 

Without turning around Mr. Mackey said. "Everyone get your supplies and continue with your projects."

Once settling I resumed the work I was doing to a Victorian style house that I had place on the edge of my block. It was then that Stacy sat down next to me. I glanced up at her in surprise that she was sitting down next to me. 

She caught my eye and smiled sweetly, a smile that warmed me. "Hi, James."

I blinked and shook my head. "Uh, hi Stacy," I looked around. "Did you want me to move?"

She put her hand on my shoulder. "No, no nothing like that. I just wanted to see what you thought of what happened."

I looked at her and felt a bit of anger rise in me. She wanted to see if I was going to go psycho like the guy from Columbus. 

"Why do you care about what I have to say all of a sudden?" I asked sharply.

She jumped in her seat slightly. "No reason I just thought I'd ask is all."

"Yeah, you wanted to see if I was going to go all crazy like that other guy. You know what Stacy? You and your fucking jock asshole friends can go fuck themselves." I said and took my stuff to another table.

She paused a minute and then came after me. "Hey wait a minute." She said. "Look I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that you know? I just wanted to see if I could make up for being mean to you."

"I'm well aware of the fact that you're only doing this because of what Mr. Mackey said. I don't want you to be sorry I want you all to go to hell and leave me alone. That alright with you?" I asked.

Stacy frowned. "I really do to want to make it up to you James. I never realized the effect teasing could have and I want to do what I can to make things better."

I snorted to myself and said sarcastically. "I think a blowjob would make everything go away." 

Stacy was silent for a second then she put an arm around my back and leaned in real close. I froze as she pressed her lips to my ear and I could feel her warm breath flow over the side of my face.

"It's a deal." She whispered. Then she pushed away from me and walked back to her table. 

My eyes widened and I sat still for a minute. When glanced at her, she had resumed her work like nothing had happened. Did she really say yes?

I didn't have any other classes with her so as they day went on I figured she was joking and forgot about it. I did the various class assignments and by the end of the day the mood in school while still not normal had certainly elevated from what it had been this morning.

I went directly home after school, and first thing I noticed was a red Mazda sitting in my driveway. My Dad was in the kitchen sorting out a stack of papers and putting them in his briefcase.

He looked up when I walked in. "Hey son! Your friend just got here so I let her in, she's waiting for you in your room. And let me tell you son, you've got yourself a hell of a looker there."

"Stacy's here?" I asked puzzled.

"Yeah, get up there and do your thing." My dad said.

My dad is a dirty bastard sometimes.

I went upstairs to my room and opened the door, and sure enough, there Stacy was, staring at the posters on the wall. She turned to me as I came in and shut the door behind me. 

"Why are you here Stacy?" I asked, eying her up and down despite myself. She had somehow changed her clothes and beat me here, which I never would have expected from the beauty queen. She wore a white tank top that cling to her body revealing the fact that she was not wearing a bra. Her large firm tits pressed at the top trying to be released and I imagined my hands squeezing the shit out of them. She wore now a pair of jean cut-off shorts that barely covered her ass. Her long legs were smooth and tan; I wondered how tight she could wrap them around me. 

She leaned against the far wall of my room right next to the window. With her left hand she gave the blinds a jerk and they slide smoothly down, dimming the room. 

"We made a deal." She said softly.

"Deal?" I said. "Stacy that was a joke. Look I know you all give me nothing but shit, but you don't have to make it up to me." 

She stepped toward me. "No one should have to go through the shit that me, the football team, and other cheerleaders put you through. I mean the incident with the honey and feathers, come on, you must have been cleaning that out of your hair for a week." 

I grimaced remembering the eight hours I spent in the tub scrubbing until the damn water was freezing cold. 

She came up to me and took my hand. "James, think of this as the payment for all your suffering."

I looked into those beautiful green eyes that I so often dreamt about and gave in. I nodded and smiled thinly. "Alright."

She grinned and pushed me toward the end of the bed where she left me standing. She backed up slowly smiling as me as she reached my deck, she leaned back on it, making sure to press she chest out toward me. 

She ran a hand across her stomach and said. "So what do you want to do to me?"

I swallowed and my cock grew achingly hard in my pants. "I thought it was just a blowjob?" I said.

"I could do that." Stacy said. "And more. Come on James I know you've fantasized about me, everyone at school has. I'm giving you a chance to do whatever you've always wanted to me. Tell me what your biggest fantasy has been about me."

I hesitated. "You really want to know?"

She smiled and nodded. 

I sighed, "Don't get mad because it's a little weird."

She scoffed. "Just fucking tell me already would you?"

"Alright here goes." I took a deep breath. "I always knew I'd never get you under normal circumstances, so what I would always dream of was we'd be at a party and you got a little too drunk and end up hitting on me. Since I'd never get another shot and it'd be kind of a payback from me I'd take you upstairs and have sex with you."

She seemed a little disappointed. "That's it?"

I shook my head. "Even while you're drunk you'd still be aware enough to tell me not to finish in you."

She stopped me. "Finish?" She smiled. "Oh you mean cum!"

I nodded. "Yeah. You'd tell me not to but I'd I was going too anyway. I'd finally uh, cum inside you and leave you there. Then a few weeks later you'd find out that I got you pregnant and we had to get married."

She nodded. "Well unfortunately I can't help you with the getting pregnant part because I've been on birth control since I turned eighteen, but I've always liked to roleplay so I think I can reenact some dirty talk for you that will drive you nuts."

"Really? You're going to let me have sex with you?" I asked brightly.

She nodded. "Oh yeah; and this time I'm GOING to MAKE you cum INSIDE my little pussy."

The thought of that made my cock press into my zipper painfully, as if it understood and was trying to bust out. Stacy came toward me and pressed herself against me. I could feel her firm tits smash against my chest. She grabbed a handful of my hair and kissed me, driving her tongue into my mouth. I was unsure of how to react, but my body seemed to take care of it for me. I grabbed her waist and my tongue pushed her into her own mouth and further. I could taste her, drink her in, and she moaned forcefully as I did so.

Finally she pulled away breathing deeply. "Oh wow." 

I smiled and pulled her top over her head. She didn't fight it and let me remove her top, revealing her toned stomach and large 36C breasts. I gripped one firmly and pulled it into my mouth, sucking and squeezing the soft flesh. Stacy moaned delightfully and ran her hands through my hair, pulling my head to her chest.

My cock was painfully confined and I needed it out so I let her go and motioned to my crotch with my eyes. Stacy smiled and dropped slowly to her knees. I watched with eager eyes as the girl of my dreams reached up and undid my jeans and peeled them down. I kicked off my shoes and then kicked the jeans away. She rubbed my cock through my underwear for a second before tugging the them down and off. 

My cock sprang forth like a viper unleashed and Stacy gasped as it seemed to reach out for her.

"My god!" She said. "You've got an eight inch beast in here!" She exclaimed.

I really didn't think I was that big, but if she said so I wasn't going to argue with her. 

She wrapped her hand around my shaft and stroked slowly. "It's so hard too. Are you made of skin or steel, James?" She laughed and brought her lips to the head of my prick. I felt her tongue snake around my tip and she opened wide to let my prick slide between her lips. Her breath was warm and I felt my cock get slick with her saliva. She bobbed her head up and down sucked with a passion. I'd only ever had one blowjob before this, from my cousin Jessie and she was nowhere near as good at it as Stacy was. Stacy worked her mouth over my cock like it was a vagina with a tongue. I felt a tightening in my balls as they became ready to shoot their burden into her mouth.

Stacy sensed I was close and she let my cock fall from her mouth, a long string of spit dripped from her chin to my prick. She looked up at me, "You wanted to cum inside me right?" she asked.

I could only nod, not sure if my mouth could form words.

She stood up and unbuttoned her shorts before slipping them off. Her pussy was bare and shaven smooth. I could see her lips and my cock twitched as if it saw them too and wanted to bury itself into her as much as I did.

"What's your favorite position?" she asked me, clutching one breast into her hand.

I took a deep breath and swallowed hard. "Doggie." I said.

Stacy grinned. "Mine too!" 

She turned toward my desk and planted her hands firmly on the top of the cold wood. She bent over as far as she could, pressing her ass out toward me, giving me a perfect view of her cunt. 

She turned her head to look back at me. She reached around with one hand and spread her labia open so I could clearly see her dripping hole. "My pussy gets wet easily, but you've got a pretty big cock so go slow anyway ok?" She said.

I walked up to her completely intent on fulfilling my dream. I placed my hand on her ass and lined my cock up to her pussy, pushing lightly. The head of my cock popped in easily and she gasped loudly. She was very tight though and I had to work at pushing the rest of my shaft into her tight body. I grabbed her hips and began to slide in and out of her, her moans exciting me. 

"Oh fuck me James!" she pleaded. "Your big fucking cock feels so good in my pussy! Ohhhhhh! Fuck I can't wait for you to cum in me! I wanna feel you big cock shooting a big load inside my little pussy. I want to feel your little sperm trying to find my eggs."

Her words drove me on and on. With each moan, each gasp for breath I moved faster and harder into her. I looked down to see my cock sliding in and out of her. Her cunt gripped tightly on my cock every time I withdrew as if trying to hold me in or pull me back. I could feel her juices on my balls and heard the slapping sound I made as I drove into her. 

I reached around to grab her tits and she pushed her body up so I could reach easier. I pinched and twisted her nipples as I slammed my cock into her. 

"Oh yeah, play with my tits. Squeeze my fucking tits!" She cried.

I felt the return of that tingle in my balls that slowly radiated up my shaft. My cock hardened and swelled and I knew I was near the point of no return.

"I'm close." I managed to grunt.

"Oh yes! God, James cum inside me. Make me cum with you, I want to feel you fill me with seed. Get me pregnant you fucker! Pump it all inside me so I can hold it in, I won't let a single drop spill out." Stacy screamed.

I grunted and shoved my cock all the way inside her when I exploded. She screamed as my semen erupted from my cock like someone popped a cream-filled balloon inside her. I came for what seemed like forever, my cock constantly twitched and throbbed inside her, oozing more and more seed into her.

Finally it was over and I slumped over her back. She sighed contently and kept her ass pressed to me so she could feel my cock get soft inside her. I backed away and sat on the floor looking up at her. 

Stacy stood and turned to face me. "My god, that was incredible." She said. She grabbed her shorts and hiked them up. She grabbed her top off the floor and put that on while I just sat there naked and watching her.

"That was so good I want to do that again. What do you say?" She asked me. 

I looked up at her. "Uh, sure." 

She got down on her hands and knees and took hold of my cock. She stuffed it into her mouth and licked and sucked all our juices off it leaving only her spit left. Then she stood up again.

"I'll talk to you tomorrow at school and then maybe we can hook up afterward ok?" She said.

I nodded. "Ok."

"Great." She blew me a kiss and left.

We hooked up about twice a week for about a month straight, until one day Stacy came up to me with a gloom look on her face.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

She just stared at me.

"Come on what is it?" 

"You've got your ultimate wish." She said simply.

"What do you mean?" I asked my heart in my throat.

"I'm pregnant." She said.

I grinned, "Really?"

She nodded, and then a slow smile spread across her lips. "And yes, I will marry you."

That's how I got my wife Stacy. We got married right after we graduated and she gave birth to our little boy October of that year. That was twelve years ago and we are still together today. 

Nobody makes fun of me anymore.