 Journal Entry #11 - Making Good on a Fantasy

Hello Journal!

Well the time is finally here! I get to tell the story of my first sexual encounter after reaching the ripe old age of 18!

Let me start by going over a bit of history. About a week before my birthday I was out in front of the school talking to Tammy and Alicia when I saw a car drive by. It was Mr. Marcone, I swear to God! Mr. Marcone, for those who don't know, was my 8th Grade Homeroom teacher.

Way back then he was in his mid-twenties, handsome as all get-out, and a newlywed with a baby. That was over a year before I started having sex, but I diddled myself crazy for two years thinking about good old Mr. Marcone. A thought struck me, and I drove home like a bat out of hell to plan. I called in a few favors from my friends and searched the Internet until I located his full name, Jerry Marcone, and his home address.

I drove over to the house but his car wasn't in the driveway. I parked a couple of houses down and did my homework while I waited, watching for him. At 5:25 a car pulled into the driveway, but it wasn't his. A cute woman got out and walked a little boy into the house. Nobody else arrived before I went home at around eight.

The next day after school I went back to the house and watched it again, but only saw the woman and boy come home at close to six. I stayed until nearly ten, but no Mr. Marcone. Hell of a way to spend a Friday night.

I was back out in front of the house at eight the next morning, and I was rewarded at just before ten, when Mr. Marcone's car pulled up and parked at the curb. He went up to the front door and rang the bell, and a little bit later he walked with the boy back to his car. I started my car and started to follow them.

This is the part where I tell you how freaking hard it is to follow somebody in real life. I almost ran four red lights and know I drove through a stop sign just so I wouldn't lose them. I was totally pissed when they went to the amusement park, because I had to pay to park and all I did was sit in my car and sweat. I was dozing off when I saw them in my rearview mirror, walking to their car. Mr. Marcone buckled the kid in and I followed them out of the parking lot and over city streets and onto the freeway. I just made the exit by a hair and followed them into a run-down residential area, where they pulled into a reserved spot in an apartment complex. I parked in the alley, just out of sight and tailed them into the complex, where I hid behind some bushes and watched them climb the stairs to the second level and walk down to an apartment door. I pulled out my notepad and wrote down the address and apartment number, then went over to the mailbox and double-checked that #206 had "Mr. J. Marcone" typed on the label. I skipped back to my car and drove home, filled with joy.

Sunday I went with Tammy and Stacy and we got mani/pedi's and had our hair cut and styled, and then hit the mall for some power shopping. The girls know me pretty well, so I made a big deal about a couple of pairs of shoes and a few outfits, but didn't buy anything myself. My birthday was only a few days away, and I had to give them plenty of opportunity to see what I wanted.

That night the three of us were sitting in Stacy's car drinking beer when I told them about my plan to seduce Mr. Marcone. 

They've known me for a while, so it didn't shock them at all, but Tammy, who had Homeroom with me back then asked what I was going to do. I told them that my big plan was to go up to his door and knock. He'd ask me in, and I'd tell him all about how he has been my biggest crush for all these years, and that now I'm 18 and want to live out my fantasies. They laughed and laughed, and then Stacy asked me if I was going to wear some of my really sexy underwear. I said that I might but Tammy saved the day, saying that Mr. Marcone is an older dude and would probably prefer it if I dressed all schoolgirl.

Together the three of us decided I was going to wear my chunky black heels with white knee socks, pleated skirt over white cotton panties, and open white shirt over pink tank, over a plain white cotton bra. Even talking about dressing for him was getting me hot, and I could tell by the look in Tammy's eyes that she was getting going too. If that week wasn't so important I would have gone back to her house, but we just finished the beer and went home.

The next day at school was really hard, because I kept getting distracted by daydreams of my conquest. I was in the locker room getting dressed for PE when Alicia whispered to me that if I was going to dress up like a schoolgirl I had better act like a little virgin, to make him think he was going to be my first. I looked down at my little shaved pussy and started to giggle, and then I asked her how I was going to do that if I'm all shaved and stuff. She said I should just tell him I go to the beach or the pool a lot, but only if he asked.

On the side, I have to say I'm really proud of my pussy. It's like my best feature or something. Even when I'm totally hot and into it, my pussy barely opens to show a flash of pink.

Anyway.

After school I was totally tense from anticipation, so I went over to Tammy's house and we "studied" for a couple of hours. When I got home my head was clear, so I did some more searching on the Internet until I had Mr. Marcone's phone number.

Tuesday I asked Tammy to front for me, and call my mom and tell her she wanted to take me out for some fun on my birthday. We do stuff like that all the time, so she was cool with it.

That night at dinner my mom told me that my party was going to be Thursday night from 7:30 until about nine, and that Tammy was going to take me out after. She told me not to do anything stupid or stay out too late since I had school the next morning. I said I would.

Wednesday was tense, tenser than the previous two days put together. My pussy was positively drooling at the thought of my birthday conquest. Jason asked me out on Friday, I said sure.

Thursday I got to relax a bit. Everybody walked around all day wishing me a happy birthday, and the jerks all joked about how I was legal now (like that meant anything to them).

After school I ran home and got my things together, packing them tightly down in my purse. My party was cool. Daddy finally got me a new car, a Lexus, which is good because my old one is two years old now. Mom got me a really pretty necklace with some diamonds in it, and I got a bunch of cool gifts from my friends. We had food, then some cake, and everybody sang to me.

At nine I ran upstairs with Tammy and was grabbing my stuff when she pulled another present out of her purse. It was the coolest vibrating dildo, all soft and realistic, and it came with instructions and a powder to keep it in "realistic" condition. I gave her a big kiss and had to break it off before we ended up on the floor playing with my present together all night.

I kissed my mom on the cheek as we ran out and as soon as Tammy pulled away from my house I was in the back seat changing into my conquest uniform.

It was almost 9:45 when we pulled up in front of Mr. Marcone's complex. I got out and checked my clothes. Tammy was going to go get some magazines and stuff and sit in a Denny's waiting for my call. I kissed her for luck and went up the stairs.

My heart was pounding in my chest when I stood in front of his door. I pushed the doorbell and waited.

The door opened and there he stood, Mr. Jerry Marcone in all of his glory, dressed in jeans and loafers, with a blue polo shirt.

"Teri?" he said, and my heart leapt. He remembered me! 

"Come in," he said, opening the screen door and looking out at the walkway behind me. He closed the door quickly and locked it. "What can I do for you?"

His living room was tiny, with brown shag carpet, fake wood paneling everywhere, a cheap couch with a second-hand coffee table, and a ratty old stuffed chair. There was a counter between the living room and the kitchen, and a frozen dinner sat there next to a glass of wine. The kitchen floor was Formica and the appliances were all a crappy old golden color.

"Can I sit down?" I asked quietly, and when he said yes I went over and sat on one of the wooden stools at the counter and crossed my legs.

"Can I get you something to drink?" he asked, his eyes crawling up my legs in an icky way that made me totally hot. I told him I wouldn't mind some wine, or something stronger if he had it. He said he couldn't because I wasn't 21, so I shrugged and took off my shirt laying it across the back of the stool.

Mr. Marcone gave me a tall glass of ice water, but when he turned around to get something from the refrigerator I took a drink of his wine. It was red and strong, but I like both of those so it was cool.

Standing in the kitchen he turned and put his hands on the counter, leaning toward me, and smiled. My panties were soaked. "So, Teri," he said again, "What can I do for you?"

I said, "Mr. Marcone, you were my favorite teacher in the 8th grade, and even though I never said anything to anyone, I learned to please myself at night thinking about you." He blushed and looked away, and I said, "Don't think I'm a bad girl or anything, but you have always totally turned me on."

He moved his hips closer to the counter to hide his bulge and pretended to look at the counter top, but he was really scoping my tits.

"And?" he asked softly.

"And," I said, arching my back a little at him, "Tonight is my 18th birthday, and all I could think of was how I wanted to spend it with you."

"I'm very flattered," he said, standing up straight, "But this really isn't appropriate. You are a beautiful young girl-" he said, and I pulled my tank off over my head and dropped it on the floor and then leaned on the counter on my elbows, squishing my tits together.

"Mr. Marcone, this has been my dream for four years, and I'm not going to take no for an answer." He came fast around the counter and grabbed my arm and reached down to pick up my tank.

"Listen, you are going to get out of here right now!" His hand on my arm hurt, but I wasn't going to let a little thing like that stop me.

"Wait!" I yelled, and he stopped and let go of my arm. I crossed my hands in front of me and gave him my "Daddy I need some money" look. "Mr. Marcone, I want to be with you, and I know you want to be with me, or at least you did."

"What do you mean?" he asked, breathless al of a sudden.

"Remember when you would sneak looks up my skirt when I was crossing or uncrossing my legs, when I talked to my friends? I knew every time. Those times you brushed against my breasts, or my bottom? I loved it every time."

He looked at the floor, his face burning, and he wavered.

"Mr. Marcone, I'm legal now. We're legal now. No strings attached, I just want to make my dreams come true." I put my knees together and turned my ankle, then I slowly lifted the front of my skirt a bit, just enough to show him my panties if he looked. My toe was digging a circle in the carpet and I saw his eyes glance at it, then crawl up my legs to my knees, and then higher, to my panties. I knew I had him when he licked his lips.

I walked up to him and put my arms around his waist and laid my head on his chest. I could hear his heart pounding, and when I hugged him close I felt his bulge press against my belly. I looked up slowly and he kissed me, hot and heavy. His tongue was in my mouth in an instant, and I could taste the wine in his spit as it washed into my mouth. His left hand grabbed my ass under my skirt, and the right grabbed my breast. I was positively weak, unable to move a muscle, hardly able to think at all.

After a few minutes he started kissing and chewing on my neck and my ear, and he whispered for me to tell him what I fantasized about most. I shuddered, 'cause it felt so damn good, and I told him my real favorite fantasy, the one where he is behind me, pressing me against his big desk, and he reaches around and plays with my pussy with one hand while he plays with my tits with the other and is kissing my shoulders. Then he pulls my panties down and leans me over the desk and takes me from behind. It's my go-to fantasy, guaranteed to bring me off in minutes.

His breathing was getting real fast, and I reached down and rubbed the bulge in his pants, running my hand along the length of it while he shivered. He took his hand off of my ass and brought it around to rub my pussy. My panties were already wet and he knew it. I spread my legs a little and he pressed against my pussy harder, running his fingers over the damp cotton panties. That didn't last long though, and while we kissed and he played with my tits, he slid his hand into my panties and slipped a finger into my groove. I saw stars, I swear to God!

I reached around behind me and took off my bra, and he sucked one of my tits almost entirely in his mouth, running his tongue over my nipple and making me moan. His finger found my clit and he rubbed it softly in circles for a while then stroked it hard a couple of times while I whined like a bitch in heat, and then he reached down and started massaging my pussy.

Then he did something I thought only younger guys did. He pulled his hand out of my panties and he sniffed his fingers, and then put them in his mouth and sucked them, his face looking like he was eating perfect ice cream.

He led me over to the couch, but before I could sit he told me to lean over the couch, but to keep my knees straight. I bent at the waist, putting my hands on the cushions, and he lifted up my skirt and felt my ass for a long time, running his hands over the white cotton. He grabbed the waistband and slowly peeled them down, and I had goose bumps all over when he did (and now, when I write this too). He knelt down behind me and put his nose right up against my ass, and shoved his mouth hard against my wet pussy. His tongue ran into my groove, over my clit a couple of times, and then ran up into my hole. His fingers were digging into my ass and I was getting so hot I couldn't stand it. I felt the pressure building, like a balloon swelling up next to my bladder, and I started to shake and shimmy.

He started to run his hands up and down my legs, smooth from being shaved only a few hours before. Then he put his tongue on my asshole and started to lick for a while before he started pushing it in a little. I always love that, but that was the first time a guy rimmed me.

He pushed me forward and pulled me back at the same time, and when the world stopped reeling around I was on my knees bent over the couch, my head against the back cushions. I spread my legs as far as I could, ready for what comes next, and I heard his zipper and the sound of keys and change rolling in his pockets. I dug my nails into the couch and got ready, but instead I heard, "Shit!"

I looked back at him over my shoulder and he was standing up. "Don't move a muscle!" he shouted as he ran out of the room. I heard drawers opening and slamming shut and a few seconds later he ran back in, tearing a little red plastic packet with his teeth.

And then he was behind me again. I felt one of his hands press down on my lower back followed closely by the sensation of his cock head rubbing me, searching for my pussy. I rolled my hips a little, trying to help, but he didn't need it. His cock found me and he pressed a couple of inches inside me before stopping and fucking my in shallow slow strokes. I remember yelling, "Oh shit, yeah!" or something, because it felt so good to have Mr. Marcone sticking his dick in me after all those years.

He seemed surprised, probably because he thought a virgin would be harder to fuck or something, but it didn't stop him. He kept feeding in more of his cock until I was howling for him to slam it to be. And boy, did he. There he was, on his knees behind me, slamming in and out so hard it was driving the breath out of me, and I loved it!

I yelled that I wanted to suck his cock, and he pulled out fast and sat back on the floor. I crawled off of the couch and over to his lap. His balls were big and hairy, and his cock was pretty good-sized, a little bigger than average (as far as I know). I rolled the condom off of his dick and took him into my throat. He started moaning right away, and he played with my hair. I looked up at him as I sucked off his head and he smiled, but his eyes were fierce like an animal. I swear I almost came right there. I felt him getting close, at least judging by the way his hips were jumping and the redness of his face, and I sat up on my knees leaning over him and started jerking him hard with my hands. After only a few hard strokes his cock strained and his pretty white come spurted up in a shot, streaming across my face and hair. The next shot coated my cheek and chin and ran down my neck. The remaining spurts landed on my tits.

I sat back and smiled at him, keeping my eye closed to keep his spunk out. He was grinning at me proudly, like he had made a special gift, all for me, and I guess he had. I rubbed his come into my tits and neck, and then scooped it from my face, licking my fingers. Mr. Marcone sat up fast and grabbed my arms and then pushed me back on the carpet. He was on top of me, kissing me, rubbing his body on mine. 

He pulled his shirt off and put his full weight on me, and I wrapped my legs behind him. I guess he liked the taste of his own come because he was kissing me deeply, and a lot of spit got swapped. He slid down me, playing with my tits and sucking on them, driving me crazy. He started kissing lower and I got prepared to get eaten. I spread my legs wide in a split (hey, all those years of ballet and gymnastics paid off!) and he kissed across me, before taking my whole mound in his mouth and sucking, which I love.

"My lord, what a beautiful, tiny little pussy you have," he said, but before I could say thank you he had two fingers inside me, pumping slowly, so all I could do was arch my back and moan. He spread my lips with his fingers and went down on me, giving me a really nice clitty BJ. With each stroke of his fingers and each rolling tongue suck on my clit I felt the pressure growing, and I let him know it. "You're making me come!" I screamed more than once, and I was almost there when he pulled his fingers out and climbed up my body. He kissed me hard and I felt his fingers digging into the backs of my thighs, lifting them. Before I could do anything at all I felt his cock spread me and filled me.

His face was twisted and ugly and dripping with sweat as he pounded against me, slamming his cock as deep in me as it would go. Except for the fact that I had taken off his condom myself and knew he didn't put another one on, I was rocking and rolling with him. The pressure was building, and the harsh fucking he was giving me begged to be returned so I started clawing at his back and sides and really let go, pounding my hips back against his, and I wrapped my legs behind him again.

He kissed me hard, I bit his lip, and he pulled his head back. I thought he was going to kill me, and I felt really afraid. 

What I still have to figure out is why that made me come! Oh God did I come. The room was spinning around and I couldn't control any of my muscles. My head filled with the sound of roaring, like I was right under an airplane taking off, and all I could feel was Mr. Marcone's body on me and inside me. He kept pumping into me and I know I started begging him to stop because I couldn't catch my breath, but I don't remember the words. I was filled with a sensation like when you have to pee and someone is tickling you mercilessly, only it was my whole body and he was torturing me with his dick. Not that his mouth and hands weren't doing their share, but his dick was definitely the main focus, the star of the show.
