 (click) Send.

It is done. I have transferred all my money to the offshore accounts, exactly $8,345,987, not a fortune but in the islands and properly managed I'll be Donald 'fucking' Trump. I have my bags packed, my airline ticket and my new identity papers. I am about to disappear with my companies profits and no one will notice the missing money until I have become just a memory. 

I look around and go through my checklist for the tenth time. I am a very successful accountant because of my attention to detail and now that attention will let me get away with one of the largest embezzling schemes in history. 

Fuck it, can't be too careful, let me go through it one more time. My vacation is set up and my flight booked. I will travel to the Bahamas and check into a room, then I will take an unchartered boat to the Cayman Island and transfer my funds to several offshore accounts around the world and then go back to the hotel and check out. Head back to the airport, where somewhere along the way I will be "robbed and murdered" and my identification will be found but my body will be presumed dumped as has happened to other tourists in the past(along with a very costly payment to the chief of police).  

I, however, will actually be heading to a small cove on the backend of a little island with great fishing and beautiful women and no extradition treaty.  By the time anyone figures out about the embezzling I will be a ghost and no one will be the wiser Now is there anything else left to do? Oh yes, one more thing.

I move over to the intercom and hit the button, "Shakima, could you come in here for a sec."

A second later the door opens and in walks this lovely brown skin woman, about 5' 6" with beautiful breasts and a nice plump ass you could sit a drink on. She was only twenty-two but she already had two kids and she was your typical single mom trying to do it on her on.

"Shakima, thanks for staying late."

"No problem, Mr. Mitchell," she said as she had her steno pad in her hand waiting for me to direct her in her next task.

I knew it was a problem, anytime she works this late she would have to find a baby sitter and on short notice that is often difficult. We had many fights about her having to leave at 5:30 everyday. I like to work late and I like to have a secretary around to help but I tried to be understanding and help a young sister out, plus she looked so damn good in a sweater.

"Shakima, have a seat, please."

"Yes, Mr. Mitchell," she sat down facing me, her knees together, angled towards me, her back straight and her appearance impeccable as always. She is one attractive young woman.

"Shakima, do you know why I keep you on as my secretary?"

"Well, I hope its because you think I do a good job for you, Mr. Mitchell."

"Well you do , but it not just that, it also that right there..." as my hand waved in her general direction.

"Excuse me?" she said as she gave me a puzzled look.

"Shakima, do I have to spell it out for you, you are a smart young lady. You know what I am talking about."

The recognition on her face was instantaneous and then the uncertainty that followed. She said nothing. Smart move. 

"Shakima," I said As I moved to the front of my desk and leaned against it. "I have to say, I find you very attractive and under different circumstances I would probably ask you out and get to know you better, but I don't have the time for that now, so I want to make you a proposition."

"Yes?"

"Here is an envelope with two thousand dollars in it. I will give it to you, if you have sex with me, here and now."

Her eyes widened and she stood up and walked over to me.

"What the fuck did you just say to me?" she was livid. "Do you think just because you have a little bit of money, you can treat me like a whore, well fuck you and fuck this job. I will go to EOC tomorrow to file sexual harassment charges against your dumbass." 

Time for plan B.

"Shakima, I am sorry if you perceived it that way because that was not the way I meant it. Maybe I was a bit clumsy in my approach but I really do find you attractive and I would like to get to know you better."

"So you offer me an envelope full of money to fuck you, is that suppose to break the ice?" She was calming down somewhat but she was still defensive.

"Shakima, I don't have much time and I want you so bad. Maybe I shouldn't have offered you money like that but I know how much you are struggling and I thought I could help out. Here take the envelope, no strings attached." I walk over to her and placed the envelope in her hands. 

"Shakima, don't hate me because I don't have game and am not a playa." adding emphasis on the word 'playa'

She laughed. "I do need this money but I am not a whore, Mr. Mitchell." 

"Call me Mark."

"OK, Mark, I have always found you attractive but this was sleazy and I thought you would think more of me than that." 

"You are right Shakima, Let me start over" I was standing over her looking into her eyes, she had beautiful light brown eyes, "I find you so beautiful and attractive that I want to see more of you."

I leaned my head down to kiss her not knowing what to expect but I am pleasantly surprised when she kissed me back. 

"Oh, Mark," she murmurs as she puts her arms on my shoulders. My hands are on her back. I lift my arm up to look at my watch, I have about three hours before I have to catch my plane. As I lower my arm, my hands glide to her ample behind. Perfect was the first thing that came to mind as my hands roamed across her ass. 

She broke off the kiss, "Mark , we can't do this now, it's not right. Let's see what happens when you get back from your vacation." 

"Shakima, I am a person who lives in the here and now, you know that I lost my parents in a plane crash and so I know the importance of living for the moment because you never know when it may be your last."

"Actually, I didn't know that about your parents, I am sorry to hear that." she said as she rubbed my back, "when did it happen?" 

"My first year of college, it was going to be the first time they had a vacation alone since I was born and they planned to go to Europe but the plane crashed on takeoff."

"Poor baby, I am so sorry. But nothing is going to happen to you and I will be here when you get back."

"You don't know that, Shakima, nothing is guaranteed in this world but death. Sorry for being so morbid. I am about to go on my first vacation since I got here seven years ago."

"I want you to have fun Mark, and know that I will be here when you get back." She kissed me on the lips in a way that would buckle most men knees. I know because my knees buckled. Who is this woman? I was seeing her in a whole new light.

"Shakima, I want you so bad now, lock the door, so no one can come in."

Shakima locked the door and moved over to the couch.

She looked at me again, "You're not just trying to fuck and forget me, are you Mark?" Then she pulled the sweater off and she revealed two beautiful breasts suspended in a beautiful lacy bra. 

"You like, Mark?" she said with a big smile. I like. I like.

I reach behind her and undid her bra, her breasts were free and now in my hand. I lowered my head to suck on her nipple. Her nipples were so erect and I licked them and bit on them, they were so good.

"Ouch, Mark." she said smiling and then she lifted my head and kissed me again. Mmm, so good. While kissing me, she began to undo my pants and reached in and pulled out my dick. Her hands felt so right on my dick as she began to jerk it off. 

"Ohhhh, Shakima" I moaned as she continued stroking my dick, " I want you so bad."

"I want you so bad, Mark."

I laid her on her back and pulled off her pantyhose and lifted up her dress. I lowered my mouth on her neatly trim pussy. Damn, even her pussy tasted sweet. I found her clit and sucked it on. Her moans were so erotic it sent chills through me. 

She whispered, "you got me moaning like a freak. Someone is going to hear us."

"Fuck em," I said as I went back to fingering her pussy and licking her clit.

"Mark, don't make me cum yet, I want you inside me when I cum, baby."

"Your wish is my command." 

I moved up her body kissing her along the way with a brief stop at each nipple then straight to her mouth. Our tongues met and we kissed soulfully, as I slowly entered her. She placed her arms around my neck as she pulled me in closer to her, never breaking our kiss. I slowly grinded inside of her. She was so wet and juicy. I could spend my whole life in her. 

"Shakima, you are so good, your pussy feel so good."

"Fuck me, Mark. You know you always wanted this pussy. Fuck it."

"I did, Shakima, from the first minute I saw you baby, I wanted you."

"Well you have me, Mark. You have all of me."

I did and it was so much better than I imagined. I can't believe this is happening and I only have...an hour to get to the airport. Where did the time go?

I grabbed her right leg under my arm and began fucking her harder and faster.

"Oh, Mark, you feel so good. Fuck me harder Mark, Fuck me harder."

I fucked her out of sheer horniness and out of necessity. I had to go but their is so much that I wanted to do to her.

"Oh, Mark, I am cumming, cum with me Mark, I want to us to cum together."

That wouldn't be a problem, I was on the verge and I felt her pussy tighten on my dick. 

"Mark, I am cumming"

"Shakima, Shakima" My back arched as I let loose my whole load into her, her pussy spasming around my dick. I leaned down to kiss her.  

"Mark, baby, you are incredible. But you got to go or you'll miss your flight. Then again, you can miss your flight and spend the night with me and have so much more fun than in the Bahamas."

As tempting as that offer was I had to go. I had so much more at stake than a stupid vacation. But how can I let her know how I feel about her without blowing my plan.

"Shakima, I know it may seem a bit premature but I have known you for over a year, I just want you to know that what happen here tonight just solidified my feelings."

"Don't say it, Mark. Let's just enjoy the moment."

"But I need to, baby, for reason you can't possibly understand. I love you, Shakima."

She stood up and suddenly she became very bossy and professional, her beautiful breasts still exposed, her nipples still erect.

"You have to go now, Mark. You will be late."

She walked over to the phone.

"Is Mr. Mitchell's car ready? It is, good, he'll be right down."

I got myself together and tried to straightened up the room.

"You don't have time for that, Mr. Mitchell, get going, I'll clean up."

Mr. Mitchell? Where did that come from?

"Shakima?"

"Bye, Mr. Mitchell" she said as she pushed me out of my office, "You are going to be late. Go."

Well I got to the airport with bare minutes to spare. I landed in the Bahamas and set the plan in motion. Every thing went like clockwork and Mark David Mitchell was officially declared missing presumed dead from a kidnapping /murder (that SOB police chief doubled the price). At the end of the year, the embezzlement was discovered but all traces to Mark David Mitchell were no longer attached to the file, and so no investigation was done. The company wrote it off as an accounting error and closed the case.

A few years later- on a cove of a small island in the Caribbean.  "Jamal, your mother said to come up for dinner now."

"Coming, Dad." I knew that meant another half hour.

"He's coming, he said, but you know your son, so we may have like a half an hour to get freaky."

"Mr. Mitchell, you are insatiable."

"Mr. Mitchell is dead, you know that."

"You will always be Mr. Mitchell to me." she said to me as she eased down to her knees and pulled my khaki short down.  She pulled out my dick and began to suck on it, looking right at me with those beautiful eyes. 

"Shakima, I love you so much." I said to her or thought I said but I know she said out loud to me.

"I love you too, Mr. Mitchell."