 Chapter 1

As I came up the jet way into the terminal I was lost in thought. This had been the first business trip I’d gone on since Julia and I were married. 

I hadn’t wanted to go, but my counterpart in Seattle had suffered a heart attack, and had been rushed in for emergency surgery.

SEVEN! Count ‘em, seven bypasses! I told him that if he wanted to try for a world record of some sort, number of heart bypasses wasn’t the best choice. 

Fortunately he was doing well enough to laugh at my joke. Dave is a good guy, and his camaraderie would be sorely missed, if anything were to happen.

Friendship aside though, I got the call, and the next thing I knew I was on a “red-eye” to Seattle. That meant Julia and I were going to be apart for at least a week. Now here it was seventeen days later.

Chapter 2

Julia worked in a coffee shop just around the corner from the plant where I worked. I had frequented the coffee shop ever since it opened six months ago. 

Though Julia had definitely caught my eye, other than ordering a bagel and coffee, and the usual pleasantries, we hadn’t talked much.

As most men do, the guys at the plant talked about women. I was no different. Most of the plant guys frequent the coffee shop, and the women there, employees and customers, were fair game for work conversation. 

It never ceased to amaze me when guys rated Julia as “ordinary” or “plain”.

Julia is 42 years old. Strawberry blonde hair. 5’7” tall. About 230 pounds. I could never quite figure out the accent. It had a definite Southern tinge to it. (I later found that she moved to Pennsylvania from Tennessee when she was 11). 

Her eyes were an emerald green and, without question, her most striking feature. I had the impression that she was looking into me, instead of just at me.

She had a great smile. Warm and inviting. Her body always seemed just as warm and inviting. I’ll freely admit that I spent many an evening thinking about the possibilities of what I could do with such a woman. 

I don’t know. Maybe it was just me. I was never one to spend my days looking for the next supermodel or centerfold. “Plain Jane”, as the guys called her, just didn’t seem that plain to me.

Chapter 3

I had been married briefly when I was in my 20’s. The marriage and bitter divorce had soured me on any thoughts of a long term relationship. Instead, I threw myself into my work, and climbed the success ladder rapidly. 

An occasional relationship here and there kept the machinery oiled, and in good working condition. I just never found the right person that could make me change my stance on marriage.

I thought about the day that Julia and I finally got together for the first time.

I was off work that day but had to stop at the plant to pick up a report. I decided to stop at the coffee shop before heading back home. I envisioned a day of movies and pizza.

At the coffee shop I ordered my usual, and Julia brought it to my table. As she started to take the bagel off of her tray, the flimsy paper plate it was served on, folded. The bagel started to fall, and in her attempt to catch it, caused the coffee cup to tip over, sloshing coffee across the tray and into my lap.

Well I’ll be honest. Hot coffee in the lap, regardless of the time of day, or who is serving it, is not one of the highlights of my day. I let out with a “YELP!!” that they probably heard back at the plant.

This startled Julia even more and I ended up with the remaining coffee from the tray in a “spray pattern” from the top of my head, back to my lap.

I was soaked in hot coffee and my expression was murderous. Even so, Julia started to laugh. At first I was angry, but when I looked into her eyes, I could tell she wasn’t laughing at me. She had a nervous laugh and I knew that she certainly didn’t mean to have the accident. Her laugh was infectious and soon I couldn’t help but laugh at the situation as well.

Julia’s boss wasn’t in a laughing mood. He came from behind the counter, hell-bent-for-leather. Despite my protestations she was fired and ordered out of the coffee shop.

After an extended string of vulgarities left my mouth directed at the shop owner, wherein I discussed his bloodline back to the signing of the Magna Carta, I was directed to leave as well.

I saw Julia in the parking lot.

“I’m so sorry. I never expected your boss to act that way”.

“Don’t worry about it Don. I hated that job anyway. I appreciate that you stood up for me like that. Are you okay though? I don’t know what happened. It was like watching dominoes fall and I couldn’t stop it”.

“I’ll be fine. I just have to go home and get cleaned up. Are you going to be all right?”

“Don’t you have to go to work?”

“No. Believe it or not I have the whole day off. I just came to work to pick up a report, and then stopped by the coffee shop for a quick coffee shower”, I joked.

What she said next I’ll always remember as the fateful moment when my life changed forever.

“Well you look like a drowned rat". She laughed.

"I only live about six blocks from here. If you could give me a ride home, I could clean those clothes for you. You can take a quick shower and get cleaned up. You can wear one of my husband’s robes until your clothes are dry”.

I was surprised and a tad bit envious. I had never noticed a ring before. The shock and dejection in my voice was extremely evident.

“You’re married?”

“No Don. Not anymore. My husband passed away about three years ago”. Her voice was tinged with sadness as she told me this.

“I’m sorry to hear that”, I said. I WAS SORRY that she had lost her husband, but at the same time I was happy to hear that she was single. Again that must have shone through in my voice.

“I’ll bet you are”, she said with a sly wink. 

Then her tone reverted back to its slightly sad tenor.

“Thank you, Don. It has been hard. It’s why I had to take this lousy job in the first place. I’d really appreciate it though if you’d let me help you. I could use the company and I just don’t want to be alone right now".

I felt somewhat responsible for getting her fired, and I certainly didn’t want her to be home, sad and alone. I told her I would go with her.

Chapter 4

When we got to her house she invited me inside. She told me to go into the bathroom and to get undressed. I could take a shower to “get the coffee out of my hair, and anywhere else it might have gotten to”. 

There was an unmistakable glint in her eye when she told me that.

“I’ll hang the robe up on the back of the door, and once you’re in the shower, I’ll come in and get your clothes”.

“Thank you, Julia. I appreciate it”, I said.

The bathroom was every bit a woman’s bathroom. The perfume and powder scents were pleasant. The shower door had sliding glass doors, translucent, with a raised floral pattern covering the glass. Fresh flowers were in a vase on top of the toilet tank. Decorative pink soaps were in a bowl by the sink.

I stripped out of my wet clothes and folded them. I laid them on the toilet lid for her to pick up. I then turned on the shower and waited for the water to come to temperature. 

When I bent over to adjust the faucets again, I felt a slight twinge of pain on my lower belly. I looked down and noticed some redness where the coffee had spilled on me earlier. 

I had noticed a full length mirror on the back of the bathroom closet door. I walked over to it to take a better look at the burn. Fortunately it appeared only to be reddened. It didn’t appear to be blistering at all. I would have to ask Julia for some ointment after I took my shower.

I turned back to get into the shower when the bathroom door suddenly opened.

“Oh. I’m sorry. I thought you had gotten into the shower”, Julia said.

Despite her look of surprise she didn’t shut the door quickly. As it slowly closed I noted that her eyes never strayed from my cock.

Having Julia looking at me that way, sent a course of electricity through me, that rapidly hardened and lengthened my dick.

“I’m sorry”, Julia said as she closed the door completely. Her voice had an excitement in it that caused my member to harden all the more.

I got into the shower and slid the glass doors shut. The glass immediately began to fog over with steam. I wasn’t sure if the water was all that hot, or if it was the heat in my body that Julia elicited, that caused the copious amount of vapor. 

I could hardly see through the doors. The bathroom fixtures were fuzzy and indistinct, simply light and dark areas without definition.

I heard the bathroom door open again.

“Are you decent?”, Julia laughed.

“I’m sorry”, I said. “I had a small burn on my belly that I was looking at in the mirror. Do you have any burn cream?”

“No I don’t. Did the coffee burn you badly? I have an aloe plant and it works great on burns”.

“That’ll be great”, I said.

I could only make out the shape of Julia through the glass doors, but just that was enough to make me reach down and stroke my swollen member. 

I thought about what she would think if she knew that her house guest was only three feet away, jerking his cock, and wishing he was burying it deep inside of her.

Julia wasn’t moving. She appeared stationary by the sink. Was she looking at the shower doors? Was she having the same thoughts? Did the sight of a man in her shower make her wet?

My hand was flying up and down the length of my shaft. I poured some liquid soap onto it to make my hand slide easier. I imagined Julia impaled on my fuckstick, screaming as wave after wave of pleasure rolled through her body. 

It wouldn’t take long now. I could feel the cum welling up in my balls. It was going to be a great cum. If only I could share it with Julia.

Just then the shower door opened. Julia stood on the other side totally nude. She was massaging her clit as she stared at my hand, rapidly fisting my blood-engorged cock to its eventual eruption. Seeing her like that tipped me over the edge.

I stepped towards her so that I could rub the tip of my cock against her belly. Jet after jet of cum spewed from my cockslit and rocketed onto her. Long ropes of hot, white, sticky cum clung to her belly and dripped down onto the strawberry blonde wisps of hair surrounding her vagina.

“Oh Jeez you make me hot Julia”, I said to her as the last vestiges of sperm dripped from my cocktip.

“Glad to be of help, Don. Now are you going to stay in here all day or are you going to lick my pussy until I cum?”

Chapter 5

Mother Stone didn’t raise any foolish children. Julia headed for the bedroom and I quickly completed my shower and dried off.

I headed down the hall looking for the bedroom. I looked into the first door on my right and there she was, lying on her bed. Her head was propped up on a pillow so that she was looking directly at me as I came through the door. 

Her knees were bent and her legs were splayed, fully open, exposing her magnificent pussy to me in all its glory.

Her labia were puffy and a deep red. Her clit looked like a small bullet, and it throbbed and twitched as I looked at it. Her pussy was covered with a soft, well trimmed patch of strawberry blonde hair. She was extremely wet. The entire area glistened with moisture. I couldn’t wait to taste her.

Her hands were scooping my cum from her belly and she was massaging it onto her breasts. She would twist, and pull, and pinch her nipples as she did. Occasionally she would lick her hands and smile at me.

“It’s yours Don. Suck me. Lick me clean. Make me cum”.

I crawled onto the bed. My head lowered between her thighs. The smell of her was overpowering, drawing all thoughts from my mind, except the desire to bury my face in her sex. 

My tongue flicked out and lightly touched the tip of her clitoris. Her hips bucked up at me, and I could feel her whole body shaking as a wave of pleasure coursed through her.

With two fingers of my left hand I spread the lips of her pussy to fully expose her clit to my probing tongue. I began to lick around her clit, in slow circles, just as I had seen her finger move as she stood outside the shower.

She was gasping and begging me to make her cum. I wanted nothing more. Her pussy was sopping wet and my face was drenched in her vaginal juices. 

I could tell that she was not going to hold back. Her excitement was palpable. Her body was shaking uncontrollably. Her breathing was labored, almost as if she couldn’t catch a breath. 

Her hips bucked up against my face, pressing her clit against my tongue, applying pressure as she needed and wanted it.

I put the first three fingers of my right hand against her vaginal opening and shoved them in as hard as I could. The sudden and forceful entry put her over the top. 

Her hands left her breasts and grabbed the back of my head, pushing me against her clit. Her legs scissor-locked my head in place, ensuring that I couldn’t move away from her. She screamed my name.

“DONNNNNNNN!!!!!!!! OH MY GODDDDDD!!!!!!!”

A torrent of vaginal juice flowed from her like a river. It flowed across my tongue and into my mouth. I sucked and licked as hard and often as I could in an attempt to catch it all. Still she bucked and cried as her orgasm thundered through her like a freight train. 

I thought that she would either crush my head like a grape, or that I would drown in her cum. Either way I couldn’t have been happier.

Later that night, when my third load of cum had been successfully delivered deep inside of her womb, I realized that I had finally found the right woman for me. I asked her to marry me.

Chapter 6

There is a story where, when lovers die, their souls enter into other's bodies, at the time of their birth. These souls search for each other throughout their new lives. 

I knew that somehow I had been destined to meet and marry Julia. Our souls were meant to be together. I had told Julia that night that I had no intention of going another day of my life without her. We were married shortly after that.

I had never met a woman so in tune with her body and her own needs and desires. Each day with her was a new adventure. There was nothing about her that she didn’t want me to know.

There were no taboos. No part of her body that she didn’t offer to me and revel in my acceptance. 

Slowly she started to chip away at my defenses and my inhibitions. No part of me would be denied to her either. She completed me as she taught me how to love fully, and I loved being her student.

Then Dave gets sick and I’m on a plane to Seattle.

Chapter 7

Every night I called home to Julia and she made love to me on the phone. She relished the thought of her power over me. Listening to the passion rising in my voice as she described every decadent thing she would do to my body when I came home. 

I felt sorry for the maid service at the hotel that must have found cum in the oddest places. The excitement of talking with Julia, and imagining the things she told me we would do, made me cum in quarts.

I was finally told that I would be able to fly back home for a few days. I would be expected back the following Friday. 

The last few days of my trip I made a conscious decision not to cum. I didn’t care how hard she tried, or how much she pleaded and begged me to. I wanted to put a load of cum into her that would make the history books when I got back home.

It became kind of a game. She would call and tell me about what she was wearing, or most often, not wearing. She would tell me about her toys. Which ones reminded her of me, or parts of me. 

She would explain in graphic detail as her toys explored her body, entering her mouth, sliding between her breasts, pounding into her pussy, or sliding deeply into her bowels.

After I decided that I was not going to cum until I came home, she became a true deviant. I never heard such talk before. 

I didn’t think some of the things she described were possible, but she had a way of making me wish I was right there with her trying them out. I could imagine what our bedroom would smell like when I got home. The musky smell of her sex would permeate the room. 

God I missed her.

Last night when I called I got no answer. No matter how many times I called her the rest of the night, she never picked up the phone.

Calls to my neighbor eased my concerns that she was still there, and that the house was ok, but I had no idea why she wouldn’t take my calls.

I was concerned though. Maybe I should have cum for her when she asked. Maybe I misunderstood her need to have me cum at her command. I don’t know. I resolved that I was going to find out and make it up to her in spades as soon as I got her home.

Chapter 8

So here I was coming up the jet way. My thoughts of Julia had hardened my cock into a ball bat. Being in a crowd, I couldn’t reach down to adjust. 

I was in pain from the awkward position of my penis, and I was embarassed because I knew my trousers were tented, and there was no other explanation for it than a good, old-fashioned, raging, hard-on.

As I walked through the terminal, quick glances, giggles, staring, and in some cases, pointing, confirmed that my predicament was clearly noticeable. I stepped into the nearest men’s room and adjusted myself. 

Julia was waiting in the baggage claim area for me. I was never happier to see anyone in my life.

Happy? Yes. Even more than that, I was surprised. 

Julia was gorgeous. Her hair and make-up had obviously been professionally done. She had on a light green, silk, button down blouse. The buttons were undone enough to show her ample cleavage to its best advantage. 

She was obviously not wearing a bra, and her nipples were molded in the silk. Fully stimulated and erect.

She had on a pair of tight black slacks. The crotch of her slacks was pulled up so tight that I could clearly see the outline of her vulva. 

I noted this area was darker than the rest of her slacks. She was already wet and it was seeping through the material. 

In my mind’s eye I pictured her removing those slacks and offering me her wet, steaming pussy, open and exposed, without the cover of panties.

Open-toed sandals completed the ensemble. 

Damn she looked hot! I just wanted to get my bags and get her home. As good as she looked in those clothes, I couldn’t wait to get her out of them.

“Hi, hon!,” she called when she saw me. “Miss me?”

I practically ran to her and swept her into my arms. Her perfume mixed with the unmistakable fragrance of her sex made me light-headed. I could have held her in my arms like that for hours.

“I’ve got a surprise for you. Come on”, she said as she took my hand and started to lead me past the baggage carousels.

“Wait. I’ve got to grab my bags”, I said.

“They’ll wait. This you’ve got to see.”

She continued leading me to the far side of the baggage claim area to a door. The frosted glass panel on the door was clearly marked, “AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY. BAGGAGE INSPECTION AREA. DO NOT ENTER.”

“Come on hon. You’ve got to see this. You’re going to love it.”

Chapter 9

A little voice in the back of my head was telling me to hold up. When a sign in an airport says, “DO NOT ENTER”, you don’t enter.

The throbbing head in my pants had other ideas, and in its condition, it was in charge. I followed her into the room and closed the door behind us.

The room was large. Probably 16 feet by 20 feet. The cinder block walls were painted in a light grey. It was stark and bare except for a large rectangular wooden table and a wooden desk and chair. Two long rows of florescent lights hung overhead.

The furniture was placed about four feet apart. There was absolutely nothing else in the room.

This was my chance. I started to reach for her when she suddenly spun on her heels to face me.

“Don’t you touch me you son of a bitch.”
