 Scott came up behind me and ran his fingertips up and down my arms, sending shivers through my body. As his hands ran gently over my shoulders, he brushed my hair off my neck. He took a step forward and I could feel his hard cock against the small of my back. I felt his hot breath on me just before he began gently kissing my neck. He pulled the straps of my flimsy top down my arms, exposing my full breasts. He reached around to cup each breast and gently rub his thumbs around my nipples, making them erect. 

He slid on hand down my stomach, under my pants and into my cotton panties. He easily slid a finger deep inside me, making me realize how wet I must be. He pulled his finger out of me and raised it to my lips. I sucked his finger clean, and he pulled it out of my mouth. He gently turned my head and lifted my face to meet his with a brief kiss. He turned me around to face him and then pressed me up against the wall, kissing me passionately. This sudden forcefulness left me gasping for breath when he finally pulled away. 

He grabbed my hand and we ran upstairs and into my room. As soon as we got into my room and closed the door I kissed him again and pushed him down onto the bed. I stripped of my top and tore his shirt off of him. I kissed down his neck, down over his chest and stomach as I unbuttoned jeans. I pulled his pants and boxers down and grabbed his hard cock with one hand. I stroked him up and down a few times, while teasing him with my hot breath. Finally when I sensed that he couldn't stand the torture, I wrapped my lips around his thick cock and teased his head with my tongue. After just a few minutes of sucking and licking, he came. He pumped load after load of hot delicious cum into my mouth and I swallowed every last drop, savoring the taste left on my lips. 

I gently sucked his cock as it went slightly limp. I climbed back up on top of him and kissed his lips as he tried to catch his breathe after his intense orgasm. His breathing slowed and he sat up, forcing me to stand up in front of him. He pulled my pants and panties down and I stepped out of them, now standing completely naked before him. I noticed his cock begin to get hard again, just from looking at my curvaceous body. I dropped to my knees again and took his semi-hard cock into my mouth again. I sucked for a minute and then licked down to his balls, gently sucking first one, then the other into my mouth. I squeezed his balls with one hand and stroked his cock with the other. 

After a few minutes of bliss he stopped me, feeling bad that only he was getting any pleasure. I assured him that just by giving him pleasure was making me feel orgasmic. But he refused to let me continue pleasuring him. He stood up, now almost completely hard again, and laid me down on the bed, so my legs were hanging off. He knelt between my legs and starting at my knee, he kissed up my thigh. When he reached my cunt, he gently licked my opening, tasting my hot, sweet wetness. Then he moved back down to my other knee and started kissing again. I moaned with desire when he reached my cunt again. He slipped a finger deep inside of me and I arched my back with pleasure. 

Holding my lips open with his fingers, he dove in with his tongue, fucking my hole with his tongue. I moaned and purred from the incredible pleasure I was experiencing. He licked up my slit until he found my clit, erect and very sensitive. He slid two fingers deep inside me as he licked and sucked at my clit. My orgasm was fast approaching when he abruptly stopped all contact with any part of my cunt. I moaned pitifully and thrust my hips up and out, hoping to rub against him. He grabbed my hips to hold me still on the bed and I tried to get him to release me. Eventually I calmed down slightly and he was able to release my hips. 

I pouted on the bed until I felt something hard press against my opening. I reached down and grabbed his enormous, throbbing cock and slid it up and down my slit, lubricating him and giving myself pleasure at the same time. He soon took over, and guided his cock back to my hole. I spread my legs and he gently pressed forward, allowing just his head to pop into my cunt. I moaned with pleasure as I felt him begin to stretch my hot cunt. I spread my legs wider, encouraging him to push deeper into me. However, he stood still with just his head in my cunt. I moaned pitifully, begging him to fuck me, but he still stayed in place until I was almost crying with desire. He finally pressed a little deeper, releasing a low moan from me. I arched my back and his cock slid a little deeper into me. 

He then pulled all the way out and I opened my eyes and stared straight into his eyes. He could see the pain, the desire in my eyes and guided his cock back into my cunt. He pressed deeper and deeper into me until he was completely buried in my cunt. I moaned softly and savored the feeling of being filled by his amazing cock. He began pull out again and I was so afraid that he would pull all the way out that I quickly wrapped my legs around him, forcing him back into my cunt. He laughed softly, seeing my desperation, and he finally gave in. 

He started out slow, with long deliberate strokes in and out of my cunt. He quickly developed a rhythm that kept me moaning with pleasure. Soon I was crying out as felt my orgasm coming fast. I kept my legs wrapped around him, afraid that he might try to deprive me of another orgasm. But he wasn't that cruel, as he felt me getting closer, he fucked me faster and harder, bringing me to the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. I cried out as I climaxed and he just fucked me harder and faster. As I came down from my sexual high, I slowed him and pulled away so he popped out of my cunt. 

Before he could get inside me again, I had stood up and forced him down on the bed. I climbed on top of him and straddled him. I guided his cock back to my cunt, and then slowly eased myself onto him. He moaned when I had finally buried his cock as deep in my hot cunt as possible. He grabbed my hips and helped me ride his cock up and down, up and down. I placed my hands over his and guided them up to my breasts. He cupped my breasts and gently rubbed my nipples again as I rode his enormous cock. I could feel my climax building again and I started to moan louder and louder as I got closer. I cried out again as I experienced another amazing orgasm. As my cunt gripped his cock, he let loose, releasing all of his sweet cum into my hot cunt. I could feel it as he pumped his cum into me and his cock throbbed inside of me. 

I collapsed on top of him, completely spent from the effort and the incredible orgasm. His now flaccid cock slipped out of me and he gently rolled me off of him and we cuddled as we both slipped into sleep.