 Chapter 1: A Sensual Treat, By Max

Ingredients:

1. Bathroom with tub
2. Candles, including your favorite scented ones 
3. Bath oil
4. A waterproof toy, approximately 9" long, life-like 
5. A hand-held mirror

Instructions:

Light as many candles as you have, placing them in a variety of locations. Make sure that you will have light to see these instructions throughout the treat. Turn off all other lights. Run a tub full of nice warm water, as hot as is comfortable, adding a generous amount of bath oil. Don’t let it get too full.

Stand before the largest mirror in your bathroom.. Imagine that the image in the mirror is exactly what I see. Let me be there with you. Take your time, and undress slowly while the tub is filling. I am watching as you take off each garment. Tease me, if you like. You know what I like to see. Let me see you touch yourself as each part of your body becomes exposed. Let me see your light caresses, on your legs, your hips, your tummy, your breasts. You know how it affects me when you touch your nipples, don’t you? Remember, I am watching through the mirror. Touch yourself in the ways that you know make me crazy. Yes, there. Oh, you look so beautiful in the candlelight.

I think the tub may be getting full by now, so make sure you have all your supplies, and carefully step into the tub. Sit down, lie back, and relax. Let the hot, scented water soak into you. Let the oil penetrate your skin and make you smooth and slippery all over. You should check all parts of your body to make sure the oil has gotten everywhere. Everywhere.

Now, pick up your little mirror. I can see you through all mirrors, you know. Look at your face in it. It is a wonderful face. Let me see your lips. They are so soft and sexy. Pucker for me. Mmmm, nice. Now, let me see your breasts. Hold the mirror so you can see what you want me to see. Yes, very nice. Hold the mirror so you can see the underside of each breast. Let me see each nipple nice and close. I love your nipples. But, you already knew that. 

Now, I hope you didn’t get too much water in the tub, because I want you to lift your hips up so you can see your pussy above water. Use the mirror to get a nice close up view there. Oh, yes. A marvelous view. Look at your pussy from below. This is a view I love, especially when I am between your thighs, kissing my way upward... 

Use your fingers to spread your sweet pussy lips open for me to see. Can you see in the mirror. You are beautiful down there. Watch as you move your fingertips across your clit. Explore in each little fold. Trace the outline of your lips. The oil has made them slick. Does it feel good?

Do you have your toy handy? Good girl. Bring the tip of it to your lips. Hold the mirror so we can see, okay? Ahhhh, that is quite a sight. Pretend the toy is me. What would you do to me? Oh, really? Please show me. Watch yourself tease me with your tongue and lips. Lick up and down its length. Now put it in your mouth. Deeper. Can you see how far it is in? How much farther can you go? Oh, my! I can almost feel it. You have always been good at this. 

Now, let the tip of your toy (me) tease around the opening of your pussy. I hope there are no batteries in there. Let it rub across your clit, over and over. Let the tip rest against your opening. Set the mirror down where you will be able to see yourself, for me. Use your other hand to caress your breasts. Tease your nipples as you push me slowly inside. Squeeze them a little harder and push me deeper. Can you push me all the way in? Oh, that feels so good. I feel you contracting around me. Now pull me back out, but not all the way. Back in again. Out. In. You get the pattern. Feel how your nipples feel between your fingers. Close your eyes for a moment and feel my lips there, sucking on each nipple. I love doing this. Keep sliding me in and out. Now, let your other hand join in down there. Massage your clit as I keep pumping in and out. I think you need to concentrate now. Let your mind wander to the most erotic scenes you have known. Rub your slippery, sensitive clit, faster and harder. The toy goes all the way in and stays there for a few seconds while you rub faster. Then, pull it out... slowly. Do you feel something building inside you? If you do, it is time to pick up a little speed. Can you see yourself in the mirror? Good, because I want to see everything. Let yourself go, now. You know what feels best, don’t you? As you bring yourself ever closer to exquisite pleasure, remember what you did, how you felt. I would love to have you tell me everything you did. Plunge me deep within you as you work your clit up to the point of no return. I bet you are going to cry out when you cum. How I wish I could be there to hear you, to see you. Go ahead, now. Make it happen for me. Then when you are finished, hold the mirror so I can see your throbbing pussy once more. Imagine me kissing you there, licking your tender clit. 

I hope you will enjoy your treat enough to write to me and tell me how you liked it.

This is the next best thing to being there with you in the tub.

;-)

Chapter 2: The Sensual Treat, by Molly

I will be alone today... all day. I have a few things to do, in preparation for Christmas Day, but it is my plan... a little later... to allow myself to experience that Sensual Treat that you have so generously outlined for me. 

Images of you have been running rampant all day. As I shopped, you were right there beside me, helping me decide... "Yes, that's it, Baby! Those candles are good! They will create a most beautiful, musky scent. This experience will be so special for you." And again at the grocery store... reminding me... "See that cucumber... oh-h, my Darling... that's about the size I meant!" I blush as I think that you are so right. It is almost the same size as my "Figment"... the Figment of my imagination... my fantasy! In my mind... Figment has become you. And in my mind I am already creating the sensuality. I surprise you, and go into The Body Shop, where I purchase a bottle of body oil... "White Musk". 

Arriving back at the house about 2pm, I put everything away. I am totally organized this year and I feel great being able to steal the next few hours for myself. I take my newly purchased candles to the bathroom. I am almost ready to fill the tub... finally! I feel as if I am about to meet my lover. I have waited so long to be with you.

I collect my hand-held mirror from the vanity downstairs. I know you are watching me, and as I look deep into your eyes, you can see that my face is flushed with excitement. I smile at the reflected image. I start placing candles around the bathroom... one on the window ledge, two on the wicker shelf, another two on the vanity, one in each of the two corners of the tub. Oh yes... How could I forget? Figment! I have to get my toy! I go into my office and reach into the drawer, where it is wrapped carefully in its case. I hold it lovingly in my hands and imagine that it is you... here with me. Now that I have "seen" you, it is much easier to imagine your length... your strength! You are already ready for me... but you must wait... 

Returning to the bathroom, I turn on the faucet and water starts to fill the tub. I pour in my fragrant foam bath "Tranquil Moments" and as the bubbles form, I begin lighting the candles. The room takes on a steamy, mysterious glow. I test the water... I like it to be hot... it is!

There is a full, length mirror behind and around the vanity. The steam has clouded the mirror and I wipe it off with the towel so that you can see me. I know you are watching me. First, I pile my hair on top of my head and clip it there... I unbutton my denim dress all the way down and slip it off. I stand before you in navy blue leotards, with lacy, navy bra and panties. I am hoping you like what you see. I slowly roll the leotards down over my hips and legs, and slip them over my feet and off... I stand proudly and allow you to see my entire body, dressed only in lacy underwear. I cup my breasts, pushing them together for you to see. I turn on the music that I have selected to accompany our fantasy. It flows gently through the air. 

A feeling of sexiness surrounds me as I sway to the music. I look at my Figment and see that its state of arousal matches my own. I slip the role-playing, Figment into the bathtub... into the warm soapy water, so that it will be warm... hot... and pliant. I am bending down, and as I look into your eyes looking at me from the mirror, I can see what you see. My panties have ridden into the crevice of my ass, and my bare cheeks are within your steamy gaze. I hook my thumbs into the waistband and sensually, I slide my panties down over my hips... slowly. I wriggle my hips as my pubic mound appears in your sight. I pull the panties off! My fingers reach to unhook the bra that closes in front and my breasts spill into your view. 

I stand before you and let my bra drop to the floor... I am now completely naked! Even with the warmth of the room, my nipples quickly respond. I am aware of your intent gaze as I run my fingernails all over my breasts... circling, teasing, gently tugging on my nipples, making sure all the while that you can see what I am doing. "You love this, don't you, Baby?" I reach for the oil that I purchased earlier at The Body Shop. I pour a generous amount into my hand and then rub my hands together. I rub the fragrant body oil all over my shoulders and making sure that my breasts are completely saturated. I use my thumbs to massage the oil into my nipples. I continue to smooth the oil down my stomach and hips. I pour more oil into my hand. "Oh, Baby... Just look how the tiny wisps of my pubic hair are glistening from the oil... It's going to be so slippery!" I slip my hands between my thighs and massage the oil into my legs. My skin feels so electric. I look into your eyes and I see my shiny body reflected there. "I feel so beautiful for you, my darling!"

Carefully, I step into the hot water. My breath lets out slowly and emphatically, "Ahhhhh!" The steamy water envelops my body as I sit down and lie back against the cool porcelain. I run my hands over my breasts and feel my slippery, oily skin. I move my hands over my slick body and they slide... everywhere that I touch. I slide down into the hot water, and allow it to come up to my neck. "It is so erotic here with you, Baby!" The candlelight is so pleasant. "Just listen to what the music is saying..."

I remember that you asked to see me now, so I sit up in the tub and reach out and take my hand held mirror. I remember too, what you said. "I can see you through all mirrors, you know." I look at my reflection. My eyes are very bright... In my reflection... in your eyes... I can see candlelight reflected. My skin is shiny... especially above my top lip. I let my tongue sensually lick my lips and hope that as you watch, you feel a sudden rush go through your groin. I touch my nipples and allow the mirror to see all that I do. I roll each nipple between my thumb and middle finger as my forefinger touches the springy tissue. HM-mm! "Do you like my breasts, my Baby? I know you do. Just feel how slippery they are." The oil makes them slip out of my fingers. I pull my nipples alternately. They love this attention... it shows. My breath quickens. 

It is difficult with the oily water, but I manage to brace my feet at the end of the tub. As I lay back and lift my hips out of the water, the water runs in little rivulets off my tummy and my pubic hair. I move the mirror so that you can get a good look. I pull one knee upward and use my fingers to separate my pussy lips for you. The hot water and the oil allow for a shiny, glistening, pink clitoris. I wish you could touch your tongue tip there. "OH-hh!" I spread my lips wider and from the mirror, you can see my clitoris so well. I lay back in the water for a minute, and then I raise my hips again. I again touch myself and move my fingers luxuriously around. I lightly touch the little "man in the boat." It is so sensitive! I slide my finger along each side of my clit... moving lightly and in little circles all around and gently up through the petals. My breath releases in little quick gasps. I feel the contractions from deep within my groin. I need you to touch my body with yours... 

You knew I would put too much water in the tub... you told me to be careful not to. My toes move to push the stopper and allow some water to drain. I let the level settle to where I am sitting comfortable and my pubic mound is just barely out of the water. I feel my Figment against my leg and my hand closes around it. "OH-hhh! It feels so hard... You feel so hard!" I move so the tip of you touches my pussy and strokes up and down my now creamy slit. I move the mirror so that you can see. I push the head of your cock between my swollen pussy lips. I need to taste you... so I move your strong, hard penis to where I can reach it with my tongue. I touch my tongue lightly to the tip and lick all around. I want to taste me on you, so I take your cock and slide it into my throbbing pussy... "AH-hhhhhh... HM-mmm!" I slide your cock back out and I lick along the length of your shaft. Then I quickly slide your penis into my mouth. I look into your eyes and see the pleasure there. I inch my lips down... down... over your penis, tilting my head so that I can permit it to move to the back of my throat without choking. I feel you jump. "Do you like it... my Sweetheart? Slide your cock into my mouth..." My lips close around your cock and I know you can feel the sucking motion as I try to suck all of you into my mouth and throat. 

"I need you to fuck me, my Lover! I want to feel your hard cock in my pussy." You move to the opening of my passion... right between my legs. I pick up the mirror again and let you see how my pussy is throbbing and asking for the hardness of you. You give a little and wait until my milking pussy asks for more... A little at a time... ohhh so delightful! My nipples are tingling and I squeeze them hard with my fingertips. My pussy grips your cock steady, and your hardness is moving back and forth... in and out... and my pussy contracts again and again... "Ahhhh!" I am so close to that wondrous feeling of pleasure! I ease your cock completely out of my body... "OHHhhhh!" I want the pleasure to last. I allow my lips to close around your cock and I lick off the creamy juice that is all over you. "This is so erotic, my Lover. It is the best gift you can gift me." I lay the mirror back down now... you can see me from the vanity mirror. I thrust my cunny against your cock... HARD!!! "OH-hhhhh!!" My fingers pinch my clitoris lightly and I pull on it as you thrust in and out... twisting, stopping and letting me feel those sensations that pleasure me. I touch my nipples and imagine that it is your lips sucking them and your tongue licking them... I feel my senses are fully aroused... "I am so close to cumming, Lover. I don't think, I can stop this time!" You promptly pull your cock out of me and I imagine you say: 

"OH Sweetie... we will see! I will decide... I will stop for you... I want you to beg me to let you cum." As soon as you feel me relax, I feel you thrust in and out... and up... inside me. 

"Oh-hhhh! AHHHHH! Don't stop!" I am climbing closer... 

You pull away again. "Your pussy is so tight... It is getting harder to pull out... your cunny is gripping me so tight... do you like me to tease you, my Sweetie? Are you ready to cum now?" 

"Yesssssss!" I am almost crying now... 

"Tell me, then. Tell me how much!" You gently demand of me. 

"OHHH Baby!! Fuck me! Fuck me so hard! Fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me... OH-hhhhh! Don't stop! Please don't stop! I'm cummmming! OHHHhhhhhh... cummmmming! Ahhhhhhh... yessss!" 

I collapse into the tub, the sensations overwhelm me and tears stream from my eyes. My heart is pounding and I can see the contractions still in my tummy. As my senses return to me, I reach for the mirror to show you my tender pussy. My now, pouting lips, still shiny from the oil, are swollen all around my rigid clit. "Please kiss me there, Baby. Please let me feel your sweet tongue soothe my tender clit. Swirl your tongue all around my clit and then suck it lightly for me... just a little... kiss me and let me feel your warm breath.... You are soooo good to me! 

This has been a most exquisite Christmas gift, my Darling. I have enjoyed it immensely! Thank you!"