 Author's notes: As incredulous as it may seem, this story is based on the lives of three lovely Asian women - Iris, Karen, and of course, Gaylene - whom I have had the good fortune to meet and subsequently bed. After some inducement, each willingly divulged her unique and intriguing sexual memories which painted a world in which a girl did what a girl had to do to just get by. I hope you savor the blending of the rich flavors of their erotic journeys. Constructive comments and suggestions are always welcome.

*****

PART 1: QUID PRO QUO

Lawyers are often called a lot of things, mostly derogatory and much of it well earned. Among my peers, I have a reputation as an aggressive attorney - the cocky, in-your-face kind of guy whom my counterparts love to hate. I am willing to push the edge of professional ethics in and outside of the courtroom to win, and win is something that I often do. 

When you're as successful as me, you can afford to pick your clients. I must admit that I love representing attractive women, and especially those who are not opposed to extending some special "attorney-client privileges" to me.

I was reviewing a case settlement one late afternoon when I heard a soft knocking on my office door. Since my receptionist had left early for the day, I yelled out without looking up to the party to come on in. However, I sat up straight when I heard a young feminine voice inquire, "Are you Chad - the divorce attorney? My co-worker, Lois, told me that you helped her get rid of her old man and that you were reasonable and flexible when it came to payment for your services."

It was a good thing that my desk blocked the sudden stirring in my trousers when Gaylene first walked into my office. Standing a petite five-three in her four-inch heels, she was an attractive petite woman of Japanese ancestry with long brown length hair, pert breasts, and tight ass. Her shapely legs were toned and amply displayed by her very short black mini dress. Simply put, Gaylene was sizzling and aroused me in more than one way. 

While she was stunning, what really intrigued me was Gaylene's unconscious flirtation throughout our introductory session. With her engaging smile, sparkling eyes, and teasing mannerisms, Gaylene was a unique blend of big-time teasing, natural flattery, and disarming frankness. Heeding the building pressure in the crotch of my pants, I knew that I was going to take this case. 

It didn't hurt that her case was an easy one. To put it mildly, her husband was a "loser" in every sense of the word. He had a well-documented history of boozing, gambling, drugs. theft, and lately domestic abuse. Gaylene, on the other hand, was a restaurant waitress with seemingly no apparent vices and was clearly the victim of an abusive husband. The fact that no judge would side with Gaylene's husband allowed me to magnanimously entertain her case. 

Under the guise of gathering background case information, I began interviewing my prospective client. I was surprised to discover that Gaylene at twenty-four was a mother of a six-year-old "love child," a three-year-old from her first husband, and a seven-month-old infant daughter from her current husband. 

"Kids? They're okay," Gaylene replied when I commented that she must love children. Then after a short pause, she confided with a twinkle in her eye, "But what I really loved was making them. God, you wouldn't believe how damn aroused and kinky I got when I was preggie. Do you know that other than when I was restricted by pregnancy or birth, I haven't been without a guy for more than six months from the time I discovered sex? It's already been seven months since my lousy husband left me, and there are times when I get so horny that I think I'll go crazy."

It took all my self-control not to make a move on her right then and there. However, after regaining my composure, I sternly warned her not to get involved with any guy at this time. Gaylene looked at me in disbelief; however, after I explained that her husband could use any extramarital affair against her, she reluctantly agreed. I told Gaylene that if she did what I wanted her to do, we would win her case against her husband. I then slyly added that until her divorce was finalized, I, her attorney, was the only guy that she could be with. 

At this Gaylene sat back as if to reassess me again, letting her dress slip further up her thighs. She then hesitantly asked how much I charged, but when I quoted my normal fee, Gaylene balked, saying that she couldn't afford me. I quickly reminded her that as her friend had said, I was sure that we could work something out. I then suggested that she might pay me in installments over a period of time. Gaylene said that while she wanted me to represent her, she didn't make that much money. 

"Perhaps, you might be willing," I casually suggested, "to provide me some type of service in return for my service - a kind of quid pro quo." While she pondered what I might be hinting at, I moved from behind my desk to stand in front of her. "I'm sure that if you really want to get rid of your husband, you'd be willing to do whatever needs to be done." As I leaned against my desk, the bulge in my pants was unmistakably presented. "I'm sure that if you put your head to it, you'll come up with an appropriate retaining fee." 

Gaylene glanced from my face to my crotch and then back to my face. Her look went from one of confusion to surprise at my implication and then to utter delight at the possibilities. "I wonder if you would consider this," Gaylene purred as she knelt before me, "as an adequate retainer for your services." With that, she quickly undid my belt and zipper and pulled down my slacks and boxers ae floor in one swift tug. 

"Geez," Gaylene exclaimed as my pride and joy loomed before her, "I think I'm going love getting divorced this time." 

"God," I managed to stutter as her technique proved to be incredible. "Who taught you how to suck cock like that?" 

"In the farming community where I grew up, there's not a whole lot a girl can do to make some spending money. I discovered that guys were willing to pay to get their dicks jerked off and then put into my mouth," Gaylene purred as teasingly licked me. "On a dare from my cousin, Debbie, I once worked out of her van servicing the farm hands who had just gotten paid. We desperately wanted to buy some cute shoes we saw in Hilo and were willing to do almost anything so that we could. So, Debbie worked out of one side of the van and me from the other side."

I somehow managed to ask if the guys were satisfied with just getting jerked and sucked off as Gaylene's hot pink tongue swirled around my head if it were an ice cream cone. "Most were," she replied, jerking me off slowly, "but some weren't. However, at the time, I only gave head. Debbie, on the other hand, let her guys feel her big boobs for five dollars more while she sucked them off. Damn, I was prettier, but Debbie always made more than me, that trashy cow." 

With a nod of her head, she nearly deep throated me almost causing my knees to buckle. Then pulling back so that I reluctantly slipped from her grasping lips, Gaylene reflectively chucked to herself, "God, what a reputation Debbie had among the farm hands; however, when it came to the general community, I had the worse reputation." 

Grasping my throbbing shaft to slowly hand-jive me, Gaylene murmured, "A lot of people thought that my oldest girl was from my high school boyfriend. They'd be shocked if they knew that at the time three older men were screwing me regularly. 

"One was a good family friend who gave me rides home so that he could take a detour into my panties. Another was my high school science teacher who taught me about the birds and the bees in his after-school "special" tutorial sessions. And then there was a dirty old businessman who hired me part-time just so he could shove his tiny prick into me especially up my butt every chance he got. 

"Boy, when I was knocked up just before graduation, it was like a bombshell exploding. Since the guys didn't know about each other, each assumed he was the father of my child and paid for me quite well to keep my mouth shut. It was sure easier and paid more than babysitting." With that, she gave me the best damn blowjob you could ever imagine. 

As much as I wanted to explode in her delicious mouth, I needed to establish who the boss was. Pulling out of her delightful mouth, I somehow managed to stagger away on weak legs with my pants and boxers around my ankles. As I resumed my chair behind my desk, I said, "Why don't you show your entire 'assets' so that I can determine the type and duration of your installment plan. Let's see what else you have to offer."

With a sassy smile on her delicious lips, Gaylene moved to stand before me and lifted her hair. Slowly turning, she sensuously uttered, "Unzip me...please." Now it was my turn to gasp as I discovered that under her minidress was only a skimpy black thong. With a swish, Gaylene spun away, her hips swaying to some unheard song, erotically peeling off her tight dress. 

Her modest breasts were surprisingly full and perky and would have been perfect for her physique if not for their large burgundy tips. I don't know if this was due to genetics, or the many lovers in her life, or having nursed her children, but Gaylene's nipples were unusually long, swollen and erect. Her mouthwatering upturned tips jiggled tantalizing as she bent over to slip off her skimpy thong to reveal her neatly trimmed pussy hair that was tucked promisingly between her soft thighs. 

"Well," Gaylene purred as she placed a high-heeled foot on my chair's armrest to expose her glistening slit, "do you like what you see?"

In response, my fingers slipped casually over her thigh, causing Gaylene to shiver in anticipation. I then found and caressed her stiff clitoris before sliding down the length of her soft wet slit. "Ohhh," Gaylene gasped, throwing her head back as I eased a finger into her pussy, "I love what you're doing to me!" She spread her knee wider to allow me complete access to her nether delights, trembling uncontrollably as I shoved another finger into her dripping twat to madly fingerfuck her. 

Suddenly, she straddled my legs and brushing away my embedded fingers, grasped my swaying shaft. In one swift move, Gaylene sat down and took me into her churning cunt. I couldn't believe how incredibly tight and hot she was as her juices squished lewdly, drenched my lap and flowing down her thighs. Holding my shoulders, Gaylene rode my throbbing erection in unbridled lust, her hair flying as her soft stomach undulated enticingly. 

Her large nipples jiggled hypnotically before my face. As I fondled her tits, my tongue snaked out to flick lightly on a ruby red cylinder before my lips latched on to suck greedily. Suddenly my mouth was filled with a warm, sweetness that I soon realized was Gaylene's mother's milk. With each tug of my lips, her fully extended, swollen nipples squirted jets of white liquid, filling my mouth with indescribable ambrosia. 

"Does little baby want some of Mommy's milk?" Gaylene teased as she pressed my face to her breast. My only response was the loud sucking noise I made as I mindlessly I swallowed all the milk that I could pull from her delicious nipple. However, when I tried to suckle her other ripe tit, Gaylene just laughed softly and said, "Now, now, baby. You mustn't be too greedy. I have to save some for my other baby at home." 

A frustrated growl escaped my throat before I managed to regain my composure. "You do have certain valuable assets," I stammered, "not commonly found in other clients of mine. I'm sure we'll be able to work something out between us for services exchanged if that's agreeable with you?"

"How about," Gaylene replied as her hips slowly rotated, "you don't charge me for your legal services?" Then in a smooth move, she dismounted me to stand, turn, and bend over my desk. Offering me her tight butt, Gaylene said with a smile on her lips as she looked at me over her shoulder, "In turn, I will provide my 'services' to you free of charge. How do you lawyers say it? Oh yeah - quid pro quo."

"And do I get," I said as I stood and ran my bulbous head up and down her slippery slit before poising it at her enticing cunt opening, "a signing bonus if I take your case?" 

Gaylene's back arched sharply when I suddenly plunged my entire length into her sizzling quim. My nuts slapped repeatedly against her quivering buns causing soft grunts escaping her lips. "Oh yeah," she groaned as I increased the tempo, my groin slapping loudly and obscenely against her quivering buns, "you can have any bonus you want!". 

I spread her cheeks with my thumbs so that I could see myself screwing her. Her brown little pucker enticingly winked at me as my cock pumped in and out of her hot velvet cunt, erotically hypnotizing me. 

"I'll even give you an option to extend my services," Gaylene panted breathlessly when I further spread her buttocks, delighting when her anal orifice spread invitingly open.

"Well, then," I said as I slipped from her only to knock against her inviting rear door, "I've crossed all my 't's' so I might as well dot the final 'I' of my signing bonus. With that, I pressed myself into her incredibly winking little asshole. 

"Ohhh, fuck! I know I'm going to love this arrangement," Gaylene panted as my cock slid effortlessly through her sphincters, "Now let's seal the deal and fuck my ass!" 

Needless to say, we won big time in her divorce, and I picked up my option for Gaylene's extended services. There are those who will say that this is a good example of carrying "attorney-client" privileges to the extreme of professional ethics. But Gaylene's not complaining - so who am I to complain?

PART 2: DEFLOWERED AND BLOSSOMING

My affair with Gaylene whom I helped to divorce her second husband, was scorching from the moment she walked into my office in that tight little mini-dress that begged to be stripped of her. Lewd and lascivious would describe our subsequent trysts, and the only thing that prevented my bed going up in flames was the copious amounts of sweat, sexual juices, and her mother's milk that drenched my sheets, 

After a vigorous no-holes-barred romp, some may have a cigarette while others may have a drink. For me, my favorite post-coital habit was draining my lover's swollen breasts dry. While her milk spurted into my mouth, Gaylene would often reflect on her formative years and especially about the many men who introduced and instructed her in the art of erotic pleasures.

"You know, Chad, growing up on the isolated Kohala coast of the Big Island was very boring. I was the youngest in a large extended family with uncles and aunties living next door or down the lane. We collectively grew coffee in the lush, mountainous countryside, and from an early age, I knew that toiling under the hot sun and farm life was not my idea of a good life. The only problem was that I also realized that there wasn't a whole lot of ways for a girl to escape the farm."

"But you made it out," I murmured as I pulled back to enjoy her mother's milk dribbling from her recently sucked teat. "How did you do it?"

"In the most unexpected round-about way. Little did I realize that my savior (or so I thought at the time) would be Ed, a good family friend who was some fifteen years older than me. No one exactly knew where Ed came from or his background. All I knew was that he was the guy who lived at the end to the road in a cabin perched at the edge of a cliff and overlooking a small pristine strip of beach. He had an eye for artistic photographs of the local scenery and people of the area and must have been good enough to make a life of it. 

"Of mixed ancestry, Ed was wiry and muscular body, devilishly handsome with a roguish disposition, and always friendly and outgoing. In fact, it was his willingness to help at harvest time and take free pictures at birthdays and other special events at no charge that made him a welcome and constant family friend. I remember how Ed always called me his 'little girlfriend' and had some special candy or a toy for me whenever he dropped by."

"So, you got seduced by an older dude," I uttered before I switched to drain her other inviting tit. 

"He could have had me anytime he wanted because I had a terrible crush on him. But Ed was smart and extremely patient. He waited until I had turned eighteen and had 'ripened' physically from that of a child to that of a teenage woman. Ed waited until my breasts protruded noticeably, my once boyishly narrow hips had widen, and my tight firm buttocks were rounded. 

"Ed's appreciative eyes didn't only notice the changes in my body as he also sensed my growing interest about the opposite sex. With my sisters and cousins always chatting about being with one guy or another, I naturally began to wonder what it would be like to make out. My curiosity was jump-started when I caught my closest cousin, Janet, making out with a farm hand among the coffee bushes, and then stumbled my older sister, Kimi, having a heated quickie with her boyfriend behind the barn. 

"With all the female hormones floating around me, it was little wonder that I constantly flirted with Ed, shamelessly tempting him. Pouting when he treated me like a child, I reveled in his undivided attention especially when I was the sole focus of his camera lens. My infatuation with Ed fed his secret designs for my blossoming body."

As I latched on to her other puffy areola and began to nurse intently to her sighs of contentment, Gaylene groaned and continued, "It was just after my January birthday that Ed made his move. He casually asked me if I would model for him at his little beach, and I jumped at the opportunity to escape my farm chores and to be alone with him. While my parents at first thought idea strange, they trusted Ed and readily agreed, practically shoved me out of the door, when he offered to pay twenty-five dollars for my first 'modeling job.' 

"Oooh, I can still remember how excited I was," cooed Gaylene as she pressed more of her tit into my sucking mouth. "I had just sewn this new bikini that gave me that 'grown-up' look. I never once realized that it didn't matter what I wore as Ed smoothly said after taking several shots just how sexy I looked. I was so flattered that I threw my arms around his neck, childishly kissing him on the lips. Boy, was I stunned when Ed took into his arms and gave me first French kiss that left me breathless and weak-kneed?" 

"The only thing that popped into my head was, 'He likes me!' and boy, did I quickly find out just how true that was. When I didn't pull away, Ed quickly let his lips and hands roaming lightly over her quivering body. I felt like silly putty and gasped sharply when he pulled aside my bikini cup to suck on my sensitive stiff nipple that jutted achingly from my boob. 

"I want to see you naked," Ed whispered into her ear as he undid my top so that his lips nibbled on my other nipple. "Gaylene, I want to take nude pictures of you to show the world just how much of a woman you are. Do it if you're a woman...or keep your clothes on and be a little girl."

Releasing her nipple, I leisurely kissed my petite Asian lover until she moaned and groaned softly, her small hands lightly caressing me. Gaylene told me how she blushed with her heart wildly pounding in her throat as she untied her bikini bottom and saw the lust for her in Ed's eyes. How easily he stroked her to a feverish pitch as his hands caressed her body. When she yearned for more, Gaylene vaguely recalled him promising more as he posed her, exposing her, and capturing her innocence and swelling lust with each click of his camera. Aroused, Gaylene shamelessly flaunted her teenage delights for a kiss, a caress, and a whisper of encouragement. 
