 This story is a work of fiction. I only wish it were autobiographical.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

He finished drying off and got out of the shower. As he walked into the bedroom, he was greeted with a sight that always simultaneously amused and aroused him. His wife was making the bed, and as always had the back hem of her long nightgown tucked into the waistband of her panties. He couldn't contain a little snicker.

"What's so funny?" she asked without looking around as she leaned and stretched over the bed to grab a pillow.

The sight of her bare legs and panty covered bottom was having their usual effect. "I just don't understand why you always tuck your nightgown into your panties."

"Because it gets in the way" she responded matter of factly.

"Well then why don't you just take it off?" He didn't expect her to respond. She didn't really like being naked unless they were under the covers.

"You'd like that wouldn't you?"

"Actually, yes, I'd like it very much."

Something about the tone of his voice made her look over her shoulder. She saw desire in his face as he stared at her ass. She also saw the growing bulge in his boxers. It had been a while. She felt the beginnings of an itch between her legs. After a moments hesitation, she stood up straight, grabbed the hem of the nightgown and pulled it off over her head. Now in just her panties, she went back to her chore. She was very aware of his eyes on her as she moved around the bed.

He enjoyed watching her move. The way her heavy breasts bounced and swayed was particularly alluring. Especially the way they hung every time she bent over. He noticed that her nipples were getting hard. He also noticed, when she leaned over with her back to him, that there was a small but distinct damp spot in the crotch of her panties. She pulled the last pillow into place and turned to face him. "Now that you've had your show, is there anything else I can do for you?"

"Oh I can think of a few things. Why don't you start by crawling up on the bed?"

She began to sit on the edge of the bed, intending to lie back, "No. Turn around and crawl on. Stay on her hands and knees and turn around and face me" She wasn't sure what he had in mind, but she complied. Running his fingers through her long hair, he brought her lips to his. After a moment of soft, sensual kisses, he straightened up and began running his hands up and down her back.

"Wouldn't that be easier if I lie down?"

"Maybe. But if you lie down I wouldn't be able to do this." As his hands reached her shoulders, instead of reversing back down her spine, he brought them around her shoulders and under her until he had a full breast in each hand. He kneaded them lovingly, "I think you like them played with even more when you're in this position."

"Mmmm, maybe it's because the blood rushes to them," she purred.

He knelt down so that he could see what he was playing with. After kneading her whole breasts he began concentrating on the nipples which were now distended and rock hard. He circled and flicked them with his fingers. Then, taking each nipple between thumb and forefinger, he pulled straight down, stretching her breasts out even more. He loved the way her fleshy orbs jiggled as he pulled, twisted and shook her nipples. After several long minutes of this play, he gave each breast one last tender squeeze. The he got up, went around the bed and climbed on behind her. She started to turn over, but he stopped her, "no, stay just like that. I'm not done playing." He immediately noticed that while earlier there had been a small wet spot, now the entire crotch of her panties was soaked. He began kneading her panty covered cheeks, "Looks like someone is enjoying this."

"Maybe just a little," she sighed as he slid the panties down her legs. She lifted each knee in turn, allowing him to slip the panties off her legs.

The view was enticing, but he wanted to see more, "Spread your knees wider." She shuffled her knees apart, giving him a better view of her engorged sex. Little drops of her own secretions clung to the fine hair. But he wanted to see more, "Lay your head down." She began to lie down, but he stopped her, "no, just lay your head down. Stay on your knees."

Not sure what he had in mind, but realizing how exposed it would leave her she lowered her head and shoulders to the bed and arched her back, thrusting her ass in the air and opening her world to him. "Like this?" she sighed.

"Yes, just like that." The vision was intoxicating. Her wonderful ass framing her puckered little asshole. And below them, the most beautiful pussy he had ever seen, even in pictures. A soft mat of wispy light brown pubic hair below and surrounding puffy outer lips. Between them protruded deep pink, blood engorged inner lips. The inner lips were parted slightly with an obvious pool of juice building between them, a drop of which was already running its way down towards the clearly visible clitoris. "Show me your pussy."

"I thought that's what I was doing."

"Show me more. I want to see inside too. Open yourself for me."

She slid her hands down between her legs and used her thumbs to pry her outer lips open. The act made the inner lips part slightly, surrounded by the deep red of her outer lips. "Christ you have a beautiful pussy. Show me more. Spread the inner lips."

The sight of her slender index fingers sliding between her inner lips, through her own juices, and spreading them wide open was incredible. The deep pink interior glistening with wetness, coming together at the bottom around the hard clitoris and meeting again at the top encircling the opening to her vagina. An opening the was now pulsing slowly and freely flowing with lubrication. "Would you like me to kiss you?"

"Yes, please." She groaned.

He quickly got off the bed and went back around to her head, kissing her full on the mouth. Then, planting soft tender kisses on her lips, "is there anywhere else you'd like me to kiss?"

"Yes. Down there."

"Down where?" He prompted.

She didn't say dirty words often. Especially THOSE dirty words. "Where my hands are." He wasn't going to let her off that easy. "And where are your hands?"

"Between my legs."

"And what are your hands doing between your legs?"

"They're holding me open."

"Holding what open?"

She was getting desperate, "my...pussy. They're holding my pussy open."

"So where would you like me to kiss you?"

"...my pussy. I want you to kiss my pussy..."

Lips against hers he breathed, "show me how you want me to kiss your pussy."

She licked his lips and then planted several sensual kisses. Soon she was thrusting and swirling her tongue inside his mouth. A deep, guttural moan escaped her as he broke the kiss and moved back around behind her.

He was again struck by the sight of her so lewdly displaying herself to him. He leaned in and inhaled the unmistakable musky scent of her wet pussy. She moaned impatiently as he planted a light kiss on each finger holding her lips open and sighed as he finally placed a gentle kiss directly on her vaginal opening. He then proceeded to place tender kisses all around her splayed open pussy. She groaned again as he placed his tongue lightly on her clit and slowly drug it up the length of her open slit, finally reaching her throbbing hole where he ended by flicking the tip of his tongue against her opening. Then, replicating how she had kissed him, he placed a full open-mouthed kiss on her pussy and began to thrust his tongue into her. She responded immediately by rolling her hips, humping her needy pussy against his face. He knew she was reaching for her climax, but before she could get there he broke the kiss. Sliding back down her slit, he briefly took her engorge clit between his lips, giving it a firm suck before backing away.

Amazingly still holding herself open with her fingers, she continued to roll her hips. She was so wet now that a string of juice was hanging from the base of her clit. "God, please...I need you."

He needed her too, but he was enjoying this too much to let it end that quickly. "You need me how?"

"I need you inside me."

"You need me inside you where?" he prodded.

"My pussy. I need you inside my pussy."

"And what is it you need inside your pussy? How about my finger?"

She moaned as he slid a long middle finger inside her hole, but it wasn't enough. "Mmmm, no damn you. I need...I need your...cock. I need your cock inside my pussy," she panted.

He was already on his knees between her legs. "Well why didn't you say so," he chided while sliding his cock head through her gaping slit from hole to clit and back. Every time he reached her opening, she rolled her hips, trying to get him inside.

As he continued to tease her hole and clit with the head of his cock, she practically begged, "please, put it in. Put your cock inside me. I'm so close. I want you inside me when I cum. Fill my pussy so I can come all over your hard cock."

Her unusually graphic language was too much. Once again at the threshold, he firmly pressed forward. They sighed in unison as with one long slow stroke, he slid into her until he was buried to the hilt. True to her word, he no more than reached bottom than with a drawn out "oooohhhhh", her pussy began to convulse around him. As the twitching of her pussy muscles subsided, he began to slowly slide out and back in in long strokes. 

"God I love when you come on my cock. I love fucking your pussy."

"I love when you fuck my pussy until I come on your cock." She let her fingers trail along his rigid shaft as it slid in and out of her. Every time he bottomed out, she gently caressed his full, swinging balls. As his pace gradually quickened she sighed, "keep this up and I just may come on your cock again."

As he began heavily pounding into her he panted, "I'd like that, but you better hurry, I can't hold out much longer."

She glanced back over her shoulder with glazed eyes. "Don't hold back. Cum for me. Cum in me. Bury your beautiful hard cock in me and fill my pussy with your hot cum."

He grabbed her hips and pulled her ass tight against his groin, burying his cock as deep in her pussy as he could get it and holding it there. 

As she felt his cock swell and begin to twitch inside her, she gently took his balls in her hand and caressed and squeezed them. "I love feeling your cum squirt inside my pussy." She began to rub his balls against her clit. "I love feeling your cock twitch inside me while you fill me with cum." She felt a fresh flood of warm wetness in the palm of her hand that was cupping his balls against her. "I love when you give me so much cum that it overflows my pussy," and a fresh set of spasms shot through her. A guttural moan escaped both of them as they both felt her pussy once again clamp down on his still throbbing cock as if it was trying to suck the last of the cum from his balls.

Finally spent, they both slid their legs down the bed until they were laying flat. He nuzzled her neck as his deflating cock slipped from her gaping hole. She felt a steady stream of warm fluid slip from her pussy, down between the lips and across her clit until it started to pool on the bed. "I think I may need to remake the bed."

"Want any help?"