 Part 1 - Daniel

It had been a very long day. I always tried to pace myself as we approached the end of the school year, but invariably the schedule got the best of me. I looked over at the clock; it was 4:15. After grading the quiz I had given my juniors, I would be fifteen minutes from the bottle of Chardonnay I had chilling at home. I could almost taste the smoky, buttery goodness; but the wine would have to wait as there was a knock at the door. A head peaked around the corner; it was Melissa Shaw, the mother of one of my seniors, Emily Shaw.

"Mr. Allison? Are you free?"

I stood and met her halfway into my office. One of the nice perks with teaching at a private school (at least this one) was that I actually got my own office; not just a classroom. "Ms. Shaw. It's good to see you." It was Ms. because she had recently divorced her husband. Rumor was that he cheated on her with his secretary. That told me all I needed to know about him - a first class moron. Ms. Melissa Shaw was a striking woman - tall, about 5-10 (only a couple of inches shorter than me); curves that weakened the knees; toned legs that went on forever, and platinum blond hair that framed a beautiful face with big, expressive eyes. She was probably in her mid-forties, making her about 10 years older than me. How anyone could ever cheat on a woman that looked like her, I couldn't figure out.

"Please, have a seat," I said, motioning to the chair at the side of my desk. "What can I do for you?"

She looked down at her purse, which she held in her lap, then up at me. "Well, Mr. Allison, I'm concerned about Emily. She told me that she's been having a little bit of trouble in your class."

I flipped through my grade book to the senior year advanced chemistry class. Taking a ruler, I scrolled to about three-quarters of the way down the page. "Here we are," I said. "Right now, with only the final exam left, Emily has an 85 average, a solid B."

The look on Ms. Shaw's face changed from one of concern to pain. "That's not going to be good enough, I'm afraid," she said. 

I knew from speaking with her other teachers (and from having her in my physical science class freshman year) that Emily was normally a straight A student and that it would be critical for her to get straight A's this semester before applying for college and scholarships.

"Well," I replied, trying to be optimistic, "if Emily were to ace the final - let's say with a 95 - she could bring her average up to..." I did the calculations. "...a 90 - half a grade up."

Ms. Shaw pursed her full, perfectly painted lips. "She really needs a solid A to compete for scholarships at the schools she's applying. She has a 3.9 GPA; getting a B-plus or A-minus would really hurt that average."

I could certainly empathize with her. The students that go to a private school like this one are highly competitive and look to gain any advantage. On top of having a near perfect GPA, Emily was on the National Honor Society, the debate team, and the field hockey team, where she was one of the best players. But, for whatever reason, she was a little off her game in my advanced chemistry class.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Shaw, but even if Emily got a 100 on the final, she still wouldn't be able to get the 10-12 points needed to get her to a 95 or 96 final grade."

A look of defeat on her face, Ms. Shaw sighed as she looked wistfully out the window. It had begun to rain, the sound of raindrops hammering the pavement and roof soon filled the room.

"Is it possible," she said with a glimmer of hope in her voice, "for Emily to do something for extra credit, like a project or paper?"

I had a strict policy on "extra credit." I shook my head. "I'm sorry, I don't allow extra credit projects because it tends to lead to students doing extra work to make up for past mistakes rather than learning the material in front of them. I'm sorry."

She nodded. "Of course. I understand."

Emily's mother stood and I followed suit. "Thank you for your time," she said, offering her hand.

"Anytime," I replied. Her hand was warm to the touch, and I was actually taken aback by its softness. My fingers lingered over her skin as she turned toward the door, and for a moment I thought I would take hold of her hand in an effort to keep her in the room; I felt a mixture of arousal and guilt.

As Ms. Shaw walked to the door, I couldn't help but stare at her long, toned legs and round butt. Her dress, although conservative in its cut, accentuated her figure. When she reached the door, she turned slightly and paused, as if weighing something in her mind. The light from the hallway framed her voluptuous silhouette in the doorway. "Thank you again for your time," she said. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight," I replied, sighing to myself as she left.

Looking outside at the pouring rain and then at the clock, I decided it was time to head home. I stood outside the back entrance of the school, the awning momentarily protecting me from the rain. There were only a few cars in the parking lot. Opening my umbrella, I quickly made my way to my Explorer. Just as I was about to start the engine, there was a knock on the passenger side window. To my surprise, it was Ms. Shaw, huddled under a small umbrella. I unlocked the door and motioned for her to come inside.

"Ms. Shaw, are you alright? Is something wrong with your car?"

She was still catching her breath as she spoke, "No, no..."

"It's alright; take your time."

She smiled as she removed a handkerchief from her purse and wiped her brow. "Thank you," she replied, "It sure didn't take long to get wet out there."

As she composed herself, I couldn't help but stare. She wore a white, floral-patterned sundress with a bustier top that tied at the back of her neck. From my vantage point, I could see the top of her ample bosom, which was moist from the rain. The length of the dress fell to just above her knees. I forced myself to look away.

"I'm sorry to bother you again, Mr. Allison," she said, placing the handkerchief in her purse. 

"It's quite alright," I replied. Really, it was fine with me if she wanted to talk to me - anytime, anywhere.

"I was hoping," she began, setting her umbrella on the floor in front of her, "we could find a way to make up those extra points Emily would need if she were to ace the final."

"Ms. Shaw," I replied, not sure what I could say to convince her that the math just didn't work, "it's impossible for her to gain enough points. I'm truly sorry."

She bit her lower lip, then spoke, "If she goes into the final with an 85 average, you're correct; she can't make up the difference..." Still looking into my eyes, she slowly pulled the hem of her dress up, exposing her tan thighs as she spoke, "...but if she went into the final with a 90 or 92 average, she would most assuredly get an A, wouldn't she?" My heart leapt up into my throat.

My mind was racing, my eyes surveying the parking lot wondering if anyone could see us; wondering if she was implying what I thought she was implying; wondering if I could possibly do what she seemed to be hinting at.

My mouth felt like cotton as I choked out a response. "Yes; if she were to enter the final with a 90 average and aced it, she would definitely get an A. But Ms. Shaw..."

"Do you want me?" she interrupted.

"Jesus," I sighed, "I..." What could I possibly say in response? The answer was obvious. I used a diversionary tactic. "I'd be fired," I replied.

"I understand," she replied, "but you didn't answer my question, Mr. Allison. Do you want me?" Before I could answer, she looked down at my crotch. My eyes followed hers to the large tent in my khakis. 

She smiled, and in one fluid motion, straddled my waist, her large, beautiful breasts just inches from my face. Reaching down, she took my manhood into her hand, only the fabric of my pants and boxer briefs between me and her touch. I couldn't believe what was happening; I thought at any moment I would awaken from a dream and find myself alone in bed. Emily's mother unbuckled my belt and deftly unzipped by pants, eliciting a groan from my throat. Reflexively, and before my brain could catch up, I lifted my hips and pushed my pants down past my knees. 

As she grasped the shaft of my growing manhood in her hand, she whispered in my ear, the heat of her breath sending a chill down my spine, "You feel so good in my hand." She gyrated her hips and rubbed her pussy against me. I looked down; the thin fabric of her panties was already moist with her arousal. "God, that feels so good," she moaned, "Do you want to fuck me?" she asked, kissing my neck as she continued to rub herself on me. "Tell me you will help Emily and you can have me." She pulled down my boxer briefs, revealing my fully engorged cock.

I was speechless. I looked down between our bodies. My hard cock was poised at her entrance, which was slick with arousal. At that moment, time seemed to slow to a crawl. I closed my eyes, feeling the heat of her pussy on me.

"Yes," I replied - simply, softly. 

Then, without another word, I wrapped my hand around her neck (feeling her quickening pulse under my fingers) and thrust my hips up in one, swift motion. Melissa groaned as I buried my cock inside her body. She was incredibly wet and stiflingly hot. For a moment we sat still, looking into each other's eyes and realizing there was no going back. She had a look of both determination and lust that nearly sent me over the edge right there. I pulled her to me and kissed her hungrily, tasting her. Her lips were full, her tongue sweet as she slipped into my mouth. 

Melissa began to grind her hips against me, soft moans escaping her lips with each thrust. I kissed my way down her long, flawless neck; as I did, she reached up and untied the strap holding the top of her dress in place. In an instant, her magnificent breasts were exposed. I took her left tit in my hand, cupping it as I licked around the fully erect nipple. She sighed in response as she picked up her pace, grinding herself into me. I took her other tit in my hand and flicked my tongue across her nipple. Her breasts her perfect - firm yet soft to the touch, the weight of them heavy in my hand. I suckled her as she moaned her approval. Her sounds of passion drove me crazy; I took hold of her round ass and proceeded to pound her pussy, our bodies making loud slapping noises with each thrust.

"UGH, UGH, UGH," she grunted, as I banged my student's mom just a few meters from the school's back entrance. 

Melissa leaned back and ground her cunt against my body. If it was possible for me to get any harder, I did. Her beautiful skin glistened with perspiration; her nipples were rock hard and invitingly erect; and her hips moved with an impossible rhythm that made me wish I could fuck her for hours. "Damn, you're incredible!" I said, as I seized the opportunity to rub her clit while she mashed her body against mine.

"YES!" she cried. "Just like that. Please, don't stop!" she begged as I circled her swollen button with my thumb.

I grabbed a hold of a butt cheek with my free hand, encouraging her to pick up the pace. "Oh, God yes!" she exclaimed. My cock felt like a telephone pole as I penetrated her as deep as I could. At that moment, I didn't know or care about the consequences; I wanted her more than I'd wanted anyone in my life. 

As her skin became flush with arousal and her squeals got higher and higher in pitch, I did my best to keep up the tempo, knowing that I wasn't very far away myself. Her body moved fluidly, her beautiful curves making it nearly impossible to hold out much longer.

"OhmyGod, ohmyGod, OH MY GOD!" Melissa's body shook uncontrollably, her mouth agape, her eyes clamped shut as I continued to rub her clit. It was beautiful to watch.

As she started to come down, I brought her close to me; her breathing was labored, her skin warm to the touch. Lost in the moment, I took a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. I kissed her neck as I resumed fucking her as hard as I dared. With each impact, she grunted into my ear. 

"Come inside me," she whispered. 

I lost it at that point; within seconds I felt my cock swell and then I let out a deep, guttural growl that I had never heard before as I shot a massive load inside her. My cock continued to twitch inside her body as she leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips. "God, that felt amazing," she purred. Melissa slowly moved her hips into me. "Feeling you come inside me made me so hot for you," she said. "I want you to fuck me again."

I had literally died and gone to heaven. She continued to move her hips, coaxing my softening cock back to life. "Just keep doing that," I said, "and I'll be ready to go again in no time."

Part 2 - Emily

My study group had gone long so by the time I had gone out the back entrance of the school, there were only a couple of cars left in the parking lot. I always went out the back when I walked home because it was the most direct route to our street. Luckily, it had just finished raining and was starting to clear.

I was about to step off when I caught movement inside a Ford Explorer; I realized after a moment that it was Mr. Allison's. His car was maybe twenty feet from where I stood, and as my eyes focused, it became apparent that he was with someone - a woman. I could see her bare back as her body rose up and down with a steady movement that made it all-to-clear what was going on. I couldn't believe it! Mr. Allison was having sex with someone in the school parking lot! 

Reflexively, I looked around to see if anyone else had noticed the tryst. I was apparently alone. Suddenly realizing I was in plain view, I retreated behind the wall and peaked my head out, mesmerized by the hypnotic motion of the woman. Instantly, my mind wandered. Who was she? Another teacher? His girlfriend? Mr. Allison was good-looking, especially for a man twice my age. He was tall and lean, but not skinny; he was athletic with a square jaw. He was the subject of more than one fantasy of mine, and I knew I wasn't the only student that used him in their own mind to get themselves off. My best friend Ashley and I talked about our fantasies one night when she stayed over. As I continued to watch, I couldn't help but wonder how big he was. I'd been with two boys - was his cock like theirs? What would it be like to be with someone so much more experienced?

The woman's cries were loud enough that I could clearly hear her. Damn, she's enjoying herself, I thought. My hand drifted under my skirt and into my panties. I was wet. I continued to watch Mr. Allison fuck the mystery woman as I slipped a finger inside; I was so horny I contemplated texting Johnny (my ex) and telling him to meet me in the woods where we had fooled around for the first time. As I fingered myself, I pictured Mr. Allison taking me and realized Johnny's dick would not do.

Soon the woman was moaning loudly again, this time matched by Mr. Allison's voice. I picked up my pace, as if I was in the car with them, the three of us climaxing together. The woman's pace was breathtaking, as she bounced up and down on Mr. Allison's cock. I slipped two fingers inside and matched her pace as I leaned against the cool brick wall of the school for support. My legs quivered as I felt my orgasm building. The blood rushed from my head, making me dizzy, and I leaned my back against the wall as the first convulsions hit me like a tsunami. I stifled a scream with my free hand as I continued to finger-fuck my pussy. The woman in the car let out one final blissful scream as we climaxed together, leaving me spent and speechless.

I gathered myself and looked warily over to the Explorer, hoping to finally see with whom I had just shared Mr. Allison in my mind. I almost screamed when I saw my own mother stumble out of the vehicle. Before she walked away, Mr. Allison rolled down his window; my mother said something to him then leaned in and kissed him before going to her car.

Holy shit. What the fuck was going on? How long had they been seeing each other? If they are seeing each other, why hadn't he come around the house? "Because he's not supposed to have relationships with students' parents, even if they were single," I said aloud, answering my own question. What the fuck was I going to do? I couldn't sit across the dinner table from my mom tonight, knowing that she had sex with my science teacher, could I? How could I sit in class tomorrow knowing Mr. Allison had sex with my mom? I waited until both Mr. Allison and my mom were long gone before I walked home, the entire time contemplating what, if anything, I would or could do in light of what I now knew.

When I got home, I did my best to act normal. Heck, my mom was doing such a good job - if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I never would have known that earlier that day she had fucked my teacher in the school parking lot. Luckily, there were only a couple of days of classes left before finals. I kept my head down and studied my ass off. I did the math, so I knew that if I got A's on everything, I'd get straight A's except for chemistry. The best I could do there was an A-minus, which was why I told my mom ahead of time so there would be no surprises.

So, it was quite the surprise when the results of the finals were posted along with my final grade in chemistry - a 97. Impossible. When I told my mom the news, she was very happy of course, but there was something else - a look on her face that was there just for an instant that I couldn't quite place. It wasn't until I was in bed a few hours later that the truth dawned on me. I had an 85 average going into that chemistry final. I scored a 96 on the final. According to the syllabus and my calculations (which were accurate), I should have finished with a 91, not a 97. Just a few days before that final, I see my mother having sex with Mr. Allison and I come away with exactly what I need to keep my GPA intact just as I'm applying for college. I couldn't believe it. My mother fucked Mr. Allison to get me a better grade.

As I laid in bed, my mind drifted back to the sight of the "mystery woman" impaling herself on Mr. Allison's cock. The way she fucked him; the screams of ecstasy - she wasn't faking it. I couldn't help but imagine what it would be like to have sex with him. One hand went up my shirt and caressed my hardening nipples; the other drifted south. I closed my eyes and imagined it was Mr. Allison's hands on me, bringing me to orgasmic bliss.

When I was done, and as I drifted asleep, I made a decision. I was going to have sex with Mr. Allison.

* * * *

The last day of school before the holiday break, I went to Mr. Allison's office. It was late in the day, and I passed only a couple of teachers and one or two students on the way. His door was ajar and the light was on; I took a deep breath and knocked.

"Come in," he said, and I stepped into his office, quickly but quietly closing the door behind me. "Miss Shaw," he said, looking up from some papers, a surprise in his voice. "What can I do for you?" 

I almost giggled. What can you do for me, I thought. You can fuck me like you fucked my mother, that's what you can do for me. "I just wanted to thank you," I replied, a little quiver in my voice. I was trying to play the seductress but truth be told, I was nervous.

"For what?"

I walked to the side of his desk and leaned my hip against it. "I think you know, Mr. Allison," I said, my voice more steady now, my heart pounding. He looked a little flustered so I continued while I had the momentum. "I know what my grade was going into that final, and I know that there is no way I could have finished with a 97 final grade unless I had a little help."

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about," he replied, his face getting redder by the second.
