 Of all the "new professor" practices I'd adopted since my Intro to Creative Writing class kicked off six weeks ago, office hours have to be the least useful. Every Monday and Wednesday evening between 5:30 and 7, I open my door, as stated in my "open door policy," and wait. No one ever comes. 

I try to tell myself this is because I am doing such a good job in my standard 1 - 1:45 MWF slot that no one feels the need to seek out extra help. It's an unconvincing argument, but there is no one around to counter it.

Given this, I am caught more than a little off guard when Selina shyly pokes her head in my door. I recognize her, though she rarely speaks in my class — her essays have piqued my interest. She writes with a flair for the dramatic, creating situations for her characters that are imaginative and exciting. Even if they're not perfectly plausible, they're fun to read. 

As much as I like to think of myself as an attentive, present professor, I've noticed all of this because of the other noticeable quality about Selina — she's a total babe. Long, dark auburn hair that waves and lightens as it reaches her tiny waist. Round and soft in places that would beg to be touched...under other circumstances. She had a knack for accentuating her long legs with short skirts and high heels, and her deep brown eyes are framed with thick bangs and glasses. She reminds me of an intellectual, cheeky mermaid from the 70's that has just come to land and found legs. 

Needless to say, Selina has never before come to my office hours. I'm surprised to see her. "Hi, Mr. G," she says as she half peeks in the door.

"Hi, Selina," I greet her. "Great to see you. My office hours have not managed to draw a crowd as of yet. I should know better than to try and compete with happy hour..." I trailed off, embarrassed that a 19-year-old can make me tongue tied. Not all 19-year-olds looked like mermaids. 

"Intimidated, I'm sure," she says kindly, stepping her way fully into my office, closing the door behind her. She took a seat in the chair in front of my desk. She crossed one bare leg over the other and dangled her foot, tapping it rhythmically as if keeping time to a song in her head. 

"What can I do for you?" I asked her.

"I was hoping you might be able to offer some extra curricular assistance," she smiled slyly and leaned in towards me. Her gorgeous, full breasts peeked out over the top of the white button down she was wearing. If I didn't know better, I would think she was flirting with me. 

"I am always here to assist. Curricular and otherwise."

She leaned forward and spread her legs slightly, looking up at me in a way that I felt increasingly sure was intended to seduce. "I was hoping you would say that," she said in a voice that was soft and deep. "You've been on my mind. Not exactly in a curricular capacity..." She looked up at me and, though I was unsure I was reading her signals correctly, I felt my cock grow hard in my pants. 

"I'm sorry. I know that's forward. But I was hoping you might be open to it." She placed a hand on her knee, drawing my attention to her tan, toned legs. Her skirt was short and I thought I caught a glimpse of a pair of pale, pink panties. Was it possible she was suggesting what I thought she was? 

"I'm not sure I quite understand what you need from me..." I stammered, both hoping and not that my interpretation was correct. 

"Well," she practically purred, looking up at me from beneath her thick, sassy bangs, "I was hoping you might come over here and kiss me." She brought her hand to the buttons on her white blouse. She moved slowly, continuing to make eye contact with me. One by one, she unbuttoned them to expose a sexy, baby blue lace bra. Her tits looked so full and voluptuous, overflowing the cups.

"Selina, I could lose my job for this. You are a gorgeous, very sexy young woman, but you have to understand there are consequences for me here."

She slipped her forefinger and thumb into her right cup, and began pinching her nipple. It grew hard, peeking out of her bra. She threw her head back slightly and smiled mischievously. "If you tell me to leave, I'll get up and walk out of here. But I'm hoping you won't."

All of my judgement and wisdom and ethics and training. None of it pointed to this. But here she was a fully consenting, stunning young woman, and she was touching herself in front of me.

I stood up out of my chair and walked over to where she sat. I grabbed the hair in the back of her head firmly and slowly pulled her head back. "Are you sure this is what you want?" I asked her.

"I can't. stop. thinking about you," she whispered. And I kissed her. Slowly, taking time to suck firmly on her bottom lip, tasting her and feeling the warmth of her mouth. I pulled her hair back further and licked and kissed and nibbled my way down to her neck. She inhaled sharply, and I knew to take my time, teasing her there, nibbling down her collar bone. Her hair was still held firmly in my hand and I knew she had very little power to move away.

Her tits were still out, half covered in the blue lace of her bra. The looked luscious and delicious. "I am going to let go of your hair and put your nipples in my mouth," I told her. "Once I do that, we've probably gone past the point of no return. Are you sure this is what you want?"

"Please, Mr. G," she whimpered, "I have not been able to stop thinking about how it would feel to have your mouth all over my body. Please, lick me."

I let go of her hair and reached my hand down, pulling her right breast out of her bra cup. I pinched and pulled at the nipple, drawing it hard and tight in my fingers. Slowly, I brought my mouth down, licking it at first, then flicking and biting her nipple. "Harder," she whispered. I bit down and squeezed the breast so she understood these were mine now. I then moved my hand to the other breast, pulling it out of her bra. 

She moaned, appreciatively. 

I drew my head back back. The gorgeous young woman sat in front of me with both of her perfect tits spilling out of her bra cup. Her legs were open, her panties visibly wet. Her long auburn hair ran down her back. Her hands propped her up from behind, back arched, head back. It was an open invitation to have my absolute fucking way with her.

"You do it," I told her. "Touch yourself the way you touch yourself when you're thinking about me." She pulled her hand up to her right breast and touched it, lightly at first. She brought her other hand up to grab the other tit, teasing and flicking her nipples with her finger tips. She pushed her tits together, tilted her head down and looked up at me. "Like this?" she asked me shyly. 

"Just like that, baby," I told her. I brought my head down to the cleavage where she'd pressed her breasts together. I stuck my tongue right down the middle. Fuck, her tits were so round and full and perfect. I moved my mouth between the two of them, licking and kissing and biting. She moaned softly and threw her head back. Good lord, she was going to be fun to fuck. 

"Spread your legs," I ordered gruffly. Her lacy pink panties were now fully in view, and I could see how wet the crotch was becoming. I brought my hand down and lightly tapped her pussy. "You are a bad fucking girl, you know that? Coming here to tempt me like this," I whispered in her ear. "I could lose my job for this. So I'm going to make it worth it." I smacked her pussy over her panties again, harder this time. 

"Fuck, please, Mr G," she moaned. "I want you to have all of me, exactly how you want me. My whole body is yours to do what you want with."

"Move your panties to the side," I ordered her, "and slip one of those fingers in there. Good girl," I watched as she slid her index finger up and down the length of her opening, before slipping it fully inside herself. I reached my hand back up to the hair at the nape of her neck and pulled her head back, gaining a better view of her exposed tits and her hands working their way around her wet pussy. 

A small gasp escaped her mouth. She was no longer looking at me. Her eyes were mostly closed and I could tell she was losing herself in the pleasure of her own fingers, but also in being watched and directed. 

"Good girl," I told her. "Show me how you like to be touched."

"I think about you when I do this," she whispered, eyes still closed. In my room at night, I lock the door and touch myself, wondering how it would feel to have your hands and mouth on my body."

"Do you want me to eat your beautiful pussy?" I asked her? "Do you want to feel my tongue up and down your slit?"

"Fuck, Mr. G. I want your mouth on me so badly," she moaned. I tapped her pussy one more time and dropped slowly to my knees, spreading her legs wider when I reached the floor. Over her panties, I placed my mouth on her clit, slowly, just tasting and warming her wetness. "Oh fuck," she breathed out and slid down in the chair.

"You have to be absolutely silent. Can you be a good girl and do that for me?" She nodded and ran her hand through my hair, pushing my head towards her pussy. I pushed her panties to the side and began to lick her, slowly at first, then picking up speed, pressing my whole face into her warm, wet cunt. I could already feel her shaking, grabbing the back of my head and pressing herself farther into my face. "Oh fuck me," she moaned softly, but I knew she didn't mean it, not yet.

I flicked my tongue back and forth across her clit and took my index finger and slid it inside of her. As I moved it deeper into her, I felt her muscles clench and loosen around finger, and her knees began to shake. 

I pressed another finger into her, deeper, and began to move my fingers slowly and rhythmically, teasing out the places that made her shake with pleasure. "Good girl," I said in between licks. She still had a hand on her tit, pulling on her nipples as I worked on her clit. She was dripping wet now, sliding down the chair to press her cunt even farther into my mouth. I moved my tongue between her wet pussy and the space closer to her asshole. She tasted so fucking good — so young and wet and vibrant. I wanted all of her in my mouth.

"Get up," I commanded, pushing her chair back. Silently, she obliged. I turned her around and bent her over my desk, pressing her hands firmly into the desktop. I stepped back to admire her, the gorgeous ass, the long curve of her spine, her hair spread across my desk.

"Spank me," she whispered. "Punish me for coming here, for risking your job."

"Mmm, that's my bad girl. You want to be punished?" I asked her. "I'll show you what happens when you're selfish."

My cock was rock hard. It was all I could do to not whip it out and plunge it into her right then and there. But it wasn't time yet. I pulled my belt from its loops, folded it it half and lightly touched it to her exposed ass cheeks. Slowly, I pulled it back and smacked her beautiful, round ass with it.

She let out a small sound, and I could see the red line where I'd struck her. "Do it harder, Mr. G," she whispered. 

I ran my hands up and down her spine, pushing her head closer to my desk. I drew my belt back and came down on her ass hard two or three more times. "That's a good girl," I told her. I took my belt, unfolded it and wrapped it around her wrists before pulling it tight. I pulled her arms back close to my chest and took a moment to appreciate how fucking sexy she looked like that, bound and bend over and at my mercy.

"Spread your legs," I told her. She moved them wider and I pulled her skirt up, so I could see her ass cheeks perfectly bent over the desk. I brought my hard down, moved her panties to one side began playing with her pussy from behind, rubbing the full length of her tight, wet slit.

I unbuttoned my pants and slowly drew my cock out. It was hard and ready. I held it in my hand and ran it up and down her ass crack. "Please," she whimpered.

I plunged it into her from behind, feeling how tight and warm and completely in my control she was. She squirmed, and arched her back, pressing her pussy farther around my cock. I knew I should wear a condom, but I didn't keep one with me at school, and I didn't plan to cum in her anyway. 

I grabbed her ass with both of my hands and drove her into me hard, giving her a few good thrusts so she could feel the length and girth of my cock. "Do you feel how badly I want you?"

I pulled my hand around to the front of her, playing with her pussy and clit as I thrust inside of her. I could feel her pussy tighten around me. My other hand reached up to play with her tits. I could feel her thighs tremble underneath me. "Do the college boys fuck you like this?" I asked her.

"Shut up," she said, turning her head to look at me over my shoulder. "None of them know how to fuck like this. The way you ate my pussy and are making me cum, over and over again. Mmm, you might ruin college boys for me..." 

"Turn around," I told her. I pulled out of her and pulled up on my belt, which was still bound round her arms. I unbuckled it and threw it to the side of the room. I turned her around so she sat on my desk. "I want to watch your tits bounce while I fuck you." 

She lay back on my desk, and I pulled her legs up, one over each of my shoulders. "Play with them," I instructed her. She grabbed her right nipple in her fingers hard. I slid my cock back into her, slowly at first, then faster.

"Yes, fuck me hard," she said, a little louder than I was comfortable with. I put my hand down over her mouth and gave her what she wanted, fucking her hard and fast. My free hand grabbed the tit she wasn't playing with, squeezing it and flicking her nipple. I felt her teeth bite my finger. Again, her pussy muscles clenched around my cock. 

"I'm going to cum on your tits, ok?" She nodded. I gave her three more good strokes before pulling out just in time. I blew my gigantic load over her stomach and tits. I looked at her, hair a mess, spread out over the desk, covered in my cum. She was stunning, and this had to be one of the most beautiful things I'd seen in a while. 

I reached in my drawer, pulled out a gym shirt and slowly wiped my cum off her stomach and tits. She sat up, pulled her skirt back down over her pink panties, which I'd never even managed to remove. Next time, I thought, only half guiltily. She buttoned her blouse slowly, making eye contact with me as she did it. Then she grabbed my face and kissed me. 

"That was exactly what I needed," she whispered. "See you in class." And then slowly strutted out of my office. Next time, indeed.