 The warm sunny late-Spring morning turned icy as I pulled up to the large suburban home of Candice Hargneux. She stood at her opened front door dressed in her characteristic pen-striped business suit tapping her foot like an impatient supervisor. She relishes in her reputation as a merciless executive with a chip on her shoulder. Somebody burned her, and her mission in life was to take everything she can and no prisoners. Neighbors whisper about how she amassed her wealth through ruthless business practices supplemented by viciously taking her former husband for everything he had in their divorce. She now lives alone in her showpiece home. 

Ms. Hargneux, as she prefers to be called, is as beautiful as she is malevolent. She is a stunning, tall, fit 34 year old woman with long wavy brunette hair. She has deep translucent blue eyes, high cheek bones and bright white teeth that would offer a knock out smile if she allowed it. Her long wavy brunette hair was put up to preserve her professional image. I have often wondered how someone so ferocious could be wrapped in such beauty. She regularly used her Amazonian beauty to manipulate men while securing business deals. She took pride in her ability to negotiate a rise out of her competitor's pants and her own profit. The most gratifying part was being the only one to leave the room satisfied. 

Ms. Hargneux's eyes glared as they tracked my arrival like radar locking on a target. She stood with her hands on her hips in a way that pulled her suit coat back. Her white starched buttoned blouse strained to contain her large round breasts. Her characteristic two and a half inch "power" stilettos showed off her long tan legs and tight ass. 

"Who do you think you are?" she shouted as I stepped out of my landscaping company truck.

"Is something the matter?" I asked calmly while silently wondering why I kept her account. I charged her the premium rate for my services. She hired my company for her landscaping architecture and maintenance because there is one thing she values more than humiliating men: having the best. If possible, she likes to do both simultaneously. This was the only account in my large landscaping business I handled personally. 

"You were supposed to be here at 9:00" she said looking at her watch. "It's 9:15. In my work I have to deliver on time or I don't get the deal." 

"Yes Maam," I answered. "I'm sure that's true. My commitment was to be here sometime this morning. I said I thought it would be around 9:00 to finish the new design work."

"Are you arguing with me?" she shot back. 

"Clarifying," I answered unscathed. 

"You work for me," she answered. "This is my home, earned with my money made possible with my degree. Don't just drive up here with your green truck and pruning experience and give me attitude. You are dispensable. I can have someone else here within the hour to replace you." Her words dripped with arrogant disrespect.

"Where did you get your degree?" I asked, calmly deflecting her intended attack.

"What?" she asked shocked.

"Where did you go to school?" I repeated. "It sounds like it was important to you."

"State," she blurted in her heated voice. "I did damn well putting myself through. I've worked hard for what I have and don't expect to have some two-bit gardener keeping me waiting."

"I got my Masters degree at State." I continued unaffected. "I do some guest teaching there now in their horticultural sciences department. Good school." The words landed between us and caught her assumptions off-guard.

"Oh," she stammered. "Well, I pay you to be here on time and deliver."

"With all due respect Ms. Hargneux, I have and I will. You don't need to be here for me to finish this project. No reason to hold you up from your important work. You hired me because I've been rated the best in the region. If you want to go with someone else..."

"Just get it done Clarke," she said regaining her supervisory tone. "You're wasting your time and, more importantly, mine."

"Cliff," I answered.

"What?" she asked.

"My name is Cliff."

"Whatever," she said flippantly as she walked back inside. "I'll be leaving within the hour. I need this done when I get home at the end of the day. I have a big dinner party tonight." Her voice trailed as the screen door closed behind her.

"Amazing," I thought. I couldn't help thinking that whatever she bilked her former husband for, it may have been worth every dime to him. I collected my materials from the truck and made my way to the back of the house through the side yard. Most of the new backyard landscaping was finished, complete with elaborate water features, ponds, a gazebo, water tub and sitting areas. The work today was primarily to finish the electrical wiring for the lights, features and timers. The beauty of the backyard led up to an expansive porch that was designed as an extension of her state-of-the-art spacious kitchen inside. I saw no signs of her presence or any activity in the kitchen as I glanced through the large double-paned windows. 

I got right to work, eager to finish the project as early as possible. The Spring sun was unusually warm. I became focused in the perfectionism of my craft. Time passed quickly. 45 minutes elapsed in what felt like five. Suddenly, screams from inside the house interrupted my quiet focus. 

"Oh God, oh God, oh God." Intensity increased with every word. I listened carefully. "Oh God, oh God!" 

Questions raced through my mind. Was she alone? Was someone with her? Are these screams of ecstasy? Desperation? Should I mind my own business? Do I risk stepping into the lioness' den? 

"Oh God, oh God!" Her screams continued to intensify and penetrate the thick double-paned glass. The kitchen door to the patio flew open. "Clarke, help!"

"Cliff," I thought to myself. My name is Cliff. Panic laced her voice. I ran to the open door and stepped into the kitchen. Water was pouring from the ceiling and flooding the kitchen. It began to pour into the patio. Two inches of water created a wading pool around her stilettos. The pool deepened by the second.

"I was upstairs getting ready to leave," she explained. I came downstairs to leave and found my kitchen being flooded. I don't know what to do." Her voice was filled with frantic desperation. "Do something."

"I'm just a two bit gardener," I said wryly with a smile.

"I'm so sorry," she said. "That was unkind of me. Can you help me? Can you do something? Please." 

"Yes," I answered calmly, wading through the water toward the basement door. "Let me get this water shut off first." I knew where the main shut-off valve was from my work with the landscape design. When I reemerged from the basement, the water from the ceiling was reduced to drips.

"Oh God," she said. "This is terrible. I have a house full of people coming over tonight for a big dinner. That's why I wanted the landscaping done. Now it's ruined."

"Not necessarily," I said. 

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"Depending what the problem is, this could be fixed."

"You know how to do that? You could do that?"

"You'd be surprised what I know and am capable of." The words landed hard. There was a pregnant pause. "My name is Cliff." I put my hand out to shake hers. 

She reciprocated with a smile. "Candice. Please call me Candice. Thanks Cliff. If you could fix this, I'd be so grateful. I'll pay you for your work."

"I tell you what, how about I help you take care of this." Why don't you grab some towels and mop up the water on the floor."

Without a word, she took off her suit coat and shoes before disappearing to get towels. A minute later she was pushing water out the kitchen door into the backyard, then on her knees on the kitchen floor sopping up water.

I grabbed a ladder and began addressing the plumbing in the wet ceiling.

The silence was broken with her softened voice. "Why are you helping me Cliff?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, after the way I treated you, why would you take the time to help me? You could easily have just finished your work outside and left me to my disaster inside."

"Do you know what I do Candace?"

"You are a landscape architect," she answered confidently while continuing to sop up water. 

"I didn't ask you what my job is. My job is a landscape architect. What I asked is if you know what I do?"

"I don't get what you mean," she admitted with confusion.

"My life is not about being a landscape architect; it is about making the world a more beautiful place. My job as a landscape architect gives me one opportunity to do that. My job doesn't define my life; my life -- making the world a more beautiful place - defines my job."

"That's powerful."

"Some people think that my job as a landscape architect is about getting the right plants and putting them in the right place. That's not really true. My job is to create environments for plants to thrive with beauty."

"I've never thought of it that way."

"A beautiful plant in a toxic environment becomes toxic itself. It will wither and die. A struggling plant in an environment of healthy soil, clean water and sunlight will itself become healthy, thriving and beautiful."

"That's true," she agreed.

"My life is about creating environments for beauty to thrive."

"That's deep," she said.

"It's even deeper and truer when you apply it to relationships with people," I added.

She paused reflectively from her frantic work with the towel on the floor. The air became thick with meaning. Tears began to roll down Candace's cheeks. "I'm pretty toxic, aren't I?"

"I'm not here to say that Candace. I just believe small acts of kindness are ways to make the environment of other people's lives better. Nothing heroic, it just makes the world more beautiful for all of us.

"I wish I could be more like that, make myself vulnerable and open" she confessed.

"That's the first step," I encouraged. "It's like cleaning up this mess. Speaking of that, I found the problem up here. You have a broken pipe. It will be pretty easy to fix, dry out the wallboard, patch the ceiling and paint it. I could probably have it all done in three hours. The paint will be dry by the time of your dinner. No one will ever know." I climbed down from the ladder. "I'll need to get a pipe fitting and some sealant. I'll be right back."

Candace stood up and walked behind me to the door. "Cliff," she said softly before I stepped outside.

"Yes?" I said as I stopped and turned.

She kissed me on the cheek. "Thanks."

"No problem Candace. It's all about..."

"I know," she finished, "making the world more beautiful."

I returned from the hardware store to find Candace putting fans out to help dry the moist floor. "I've done as much as I can do with towels," she said. Her soaked transparent blouse clung to her body. Her wavy hair now cascaded over her shoulders.

"I think I have another fan in the back of my truck," I said as I climbed halfway back up the ladder. "I'll grab it as soon as I get this done." I turned around on the ladder to face out, so I could easily reach up into the ceiling to complete the repairs. 

Candace walked over and stood in front of me. Her face stopped inches from my crotch. "How does it look?" she asked in a seductive voice as she stared at my package straight in front of her.

I tried to remain professional by working to ignore her position, stare and tone of voice. Despite my best intentions, my dick began to move instinctively at the attention. Her eyes remained riveted on the growth happening before her. My position leaning back against the ladder made the growth and movement of the bulge in the front of my pants more obvious. "It looks fine," I tried to say nonchalantly. "I have the new pipe in my hand. I'll seal it, and drain what's here. I should be able to finish it off for you in no time."

"That's exactly what I was thinking," Candace said with a smile. She became mesmerized by the continuing movement and super-sized growth happening in my pants. The seduction in her voice made the unintended double entendre of my words obvious. She placed one hand on my waist while beginning to rub and encourage my growing member through my jeans.

"What are you doing?" I asked surprised that she would act on what we both felt.

"I'm making the world a more beautiful place." With both hands she reached up, unbuttoned my jeans and slowly lowered the zipper.

"Wait, wait a minute Candace," I insisted, with my hands obligated in the ceiling above me.

"No waiting," she said maintaining her seductive tone. "For years I have lived in my own toxic prison, never allowing myself to be vulnerable. I thought I was protecting myself. You have changed my life today Cliff. Hesitating is the one thing I can't do any more," she said as she lowered my pants, allowing them to fall to my ankles. My dick stood thick, tall and throbbing like a beacon before her. "It's time to allow a new seed to be planted and fill my life." Candace slowly removed her wet blouse and threw it on the granite island in the middle of the kitchen. Her firm nipples pushed through her water and sweat-soaked bra. She unzipped the back of her skirt, allowing it to fall to the floor beneath her. She unhooked the front clasp to her bra , discarded it on top of her blouse, releasing her ample breasts. Her tan body stood before me with only a thong. "I've never felt more free," she declared. 

She reached up and took my swollen dick in both hands. "It looks fine," she said mimicking our conversation. "I'm going to take this entire pipe in my hands, seal it, and drain it dry. I'm going to finish you off in no time."

Before I had a chance to respond, my pipe disappeared between her thick red lips into the warm, wet suction of her mouth.

"Aagh!" I reached behind me to take hold and stabilize myself on the ladder. Candace ravenously consumed my shaft as a lioness that hadn't eaten in weeks.

"God it's been a long time," she said as her mouth ascended from my dick. "I want to suck down every drop. I am so thirsty for you."

I wrapped one leg around her waist and pulled her body against mine. She slowly descended and ascended my shaft as if it was life itself. Candace's head began to bob with increasing speed and determination. Her tongue vigorously worked every inch as her lips worked to draw every drop from the extremities of my body. 

"I'm going to give. I'm going to cum!" My voice trembled, my head felt dizzy and my entire body tingled. The announcement only served to intensify Candace's efforts. "Aaaauuuugggghhhhh!" What felt like a pint of thick cream exploded from my dick, filling her mouth. Candace worked to swallow the large load while maintaining her speed and diligence. Her lips descended and re-ascended my shaft, drawing another load that thoroughly coated her throat. Again and again she continued, determined to drain every thick drop of my love juices. White cream overflowed the corners of her mouth and dripped down her face. Tears of delight lightly rolled down her cheeks. Confident she drained every drop from my spent body, she smiled as her tongue licked her lips to capture escaping cream from her face. She lowered my shaft, using it to massage her tits.

"Gawd you taste good," she said winded, pausing to catch her breath. "Thank you. I cannot tell you the gift that was for me."

"It's a good start," I said smiling. The twinkle in her eye and reciprocated smile accepted the invitation. "Come on up here."

"What?" she asked.

"Join me up here," I repeated. She took two steps up the ladder. "Lay back on the island," I said guiding her body toward the large kitchen island. She pivoted her foot, allowing her body to move from the ladder to sit on the large granite bed. "Lay back Candace. It's my turn."

Candace laid back. "I can't believe this is happening," she confessed as she lowered her back to the cool polished stone surface.

I moved off the ladder and began to massage her tanned fit body. "You are beautiful," I complemented while lovingly touring her body with my hands. I lowered my head to gently kiss her thick lips. 

"Oh gawd, I can't believe this is happening," she repeated. "I'm all yours Cliff." 

My mouth moved its way from her lips to her neck and shoulders.

"Mmmmm," she moaned with a smile. She turned her head to encourage the affection. My hands gently moved across her breasts. "Oh yes," she said, "yes, harder." She reached up and put her hand on mine, squeezing so it caused my hand to engulf the soft flesh of her ample breast. She continued to squeeze my hand as if desperate for the touch. Her hand moved to her stomach and began to softly rub the tender skin while I continued with her breasts. Her nipples grew and begged for attention. One after the other, I took the three quarter inch nipples and began to squeeze them between my fingers and thumb. "Ohhhh," she responded. Her hips began to twist. "Don't stop." I took the encouragement to continue to spin them between my fingers as if turning a lamp switch on and off. 

Goose bumps began to cover the landscape of her body. My other hand toured the soft textured landscape of her gorgeous physique. Her goose bumps multiplied at the touch. I gently caressed her inner thigh. She eagerly opened her legs to allow easier access. My hand brushed her trimmed moist bush as I stroked her leg. Each time I connected, her body trembled with heightened sensitivity. I slowly slid my hand up her inner thigh. She hungrily awaited the approaching touch. The eager suspense caused her hips to twist more in anticipation. My fingers reached her wet love box. Her body shook and she cried out in delight as two fingers took her waiting clit captive. Her hips went from a twisting in anticipation to involuntarily bucking in response to the touch. "Oh gawd, I'm going to explode!"

While continuing to give her firm swollen nipples attention with one hand, I skillfully massaged and fingered her love box to bring her closer to ecstasy. "Take me, take me," she pleaded, ready to coat her polished granite with her love juices. I masterfully read her body, caressing and massaging her to the brink of explosive orgasm three times. Her entire body buzzed in anticipation. Her head spun dizzily. "Take me Cliff, take me!" Her body convulsed with impending climax. 

I let go of her nipple and moved around the granite island to position myself between her opened, tan, fit legs. Both of her hands reached up to take hold of her own tits, gripping an inflamed nipple in each hand. Candace moaned as I slowly pulled her black thong down the length of her elegant legs. I spread her clit lips with my fingers and lowered my tongue to her wet love box. Her clit throbbed. She squeezed her tits harder and raised her ass, pushing her enlarged clit into my hungry mouth. "Eat me Cliff, eat me." She begged. Tears rolled down her cheeks. "Take me. Take it all."

I buried my mouth into her soaking clit and let my tongue do its magic. She reached down with both hands to spread her clit lips wide with her fingers. "Yes, yes! Here it comes," she screamed. "Oh gawd, oh gawd!"

Candace's entire body began to quake with the rising orgasm. I reached under and took hold of her firm ass cheeks in each hand. I gripped them with all my strength while pressing her pulsating furry mound against my face. Her hips began to buck harder. My lips moved in to take her entire vagina captive, sucking the soft tender skin into my mouth. My tongue immediately went to work, relentlessly torturing her swollen clit into submission. In seconds, Candace's entire body rocked as the first wave of her orgasm swept over her body. She dropped her hands to the side of the kitchen island to hold herself on to the makeshift buffet table. She screamed as her body shook in ecstasy. "Yes! DON'T STOP! Yes! Yes!" I relentlessly continued, draining her through wave after wave of orgasmic paradise. 
