 This is the first story in a series about how I came to "make the rounds" with the incredibly beautiful women I work with. I joined this company a few years ago, and one of the great things about working in marketing is the number of young women who also work in the industry. My company is no exception. 

This first story takes place several months after I'd first joined. It was late one Tuesday night, and I had decided to stay late to work on a big proposal that was due later in the week. Just as I was finishing up, I started to hear commotion outside my office. I thought I was the only one left, so I poked my head out to see what was going on. 

One of my teammates, Sara, was on the phone, arguing with whoever was on the other line. She looked up and saw me, turned red, and quickly hung up. "Sorry if I was loud," she said. "I didn't realize anyone was still here."

"No worries! Neither did I," I replied. "Is everything ok?" I asked. 

"I guess. My jerk of a boyfriend is pissed that I'm still working. Can I ask you a question?"

When I replied, "Of course," Sara got up and walked over to my office. She plopped down into one of the oversized chairs. "You're young, and clearly worked hard to get to where you are. My boyfriend, on the other hand, can rarely hold down a job, and gets pissed when I have to work late. Why do you think that is?"

I thought for a second. "He's probably jealous. You're smart, you work hard, you do great work in general. I'm sorry he doesn't appreciate that."

Sara smiled. "You think I'm smart?"

"Absolutely."

Sara abruptly changed topics at that point, and took me by surprise. "Do you also think I'm attractive?"

I was taken aback, and had to answer cautiously. Yes, Sara was incredibly attractive. She had long, dark hair, fantastic blue eyes, a petite frame with perfect tits and a perfect ass. I had frequently fantasized about her. But I couldn't say all of those things to someone at work. "Well, uh, yes, of course you're attractive," I said carefully. 

Sara smiled again. "You're being cautious, I understand. But fuck caution tonight, ok? Whatever you say stays between us."

I sighed. "Yes, Sara, you're incredibly attractive. Sexy, in fact."

"I needed to hear that." 

And with that, Sara got up from her chair, I thought to leave and go back to her desk. Instead, what happened surprised the hell out of me. Without breaking eye contact with me, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.

"Do you think I'm attractive now?" she asked with a smirk.

With my mouth agape from surprise, Sara quickly lifted her shirt over her head and stood in front of me in her matching black lace bra and panties. She crossed the four feet between where she was standing and my desk, where I was sitting, put one hand on my quickly growing erection, and said, "I've wanted you since you started working here. Don't say anything, just take me."

I wasn't going to argue with this beautiful, half-naked girl. Instead, I leaned in and kissed her. Sara melted into the kiss, her lips moist against mine. She started probing my mouth with her tongue, and my erection started straining against my jeans. As I moved my lips down to her neck, she sighed and reached for my belt as I grabbed her panty-clad ass and pulled her closer. 

She quickly unbuckled, unbuttoned, and unzipped my jeans. Sara reached into my boxers and stroked my cock. "I need to have this," she whispered into my ear.

I moved my hands up from her ass, across her back and unsnapped her bra. As her bra fell away, I was treated to two perfectly-sized firm breasts. I took one into my mouth, feeling her nipple harden in my mouth. As her arousal grew, I pushed her panties off her hips to the floor and cupped her now-naked ass. 

Sara pushed me back slightly. "This isn't fair. I'm naked in your office and you're still fully clothed? Can we fix that?"

I stood up and took off my shirt and she pulled off my jeans and boxers together, freeing my aching cock. I looked down to her kneeling on the floor and watched as she took the head of my cock into her mouth. I leaned back in ecstasy while Sara expertly worked her mouth and tongue over my cock. Her blowjob was awesome. It didn't take long before I was close to cumming.

I pulled her up from the floor, pushed her back into her chair, and knelt before her beautiful, exposed pussy. It was waxed bare, without a hair in sight. I pushed her knees open and leaned in. She grabbed my head as I drove my tongue into her. I then gently sucked her hard clit and pushed two fingers into her wet pussy. Her breathing became labored and she started rocking her body against my tongue and fingers. All of a sudden she exploded in orgasm, crying out in pleasure. 

I looked up at her flushed, smiling face. Her eyes were still closed, and before she had a chance to recover from her orgasm, I stood and drove my still-hard cock into her sopping pussy. As I penetrated her her eyes flew open. "Ahhhh!" she cried. 

I started fucking her tight hole, driving my cock deeper and deeper inside. She wrapped her legs around me, pulling me closer. The head of cock was now pushing against her cervix each time I penetrated her, and after just a few thrusts, Sara came again. 

I kept riding her through her orgasm, feeling my own starting to build. All of a sudden, Sara moved one of her hands off my ass to tickle the base of my shaft. This was all I needed, and I exploded deep inside her. 

I kept my cock in her for another minute or so. We were smiling at each other. 

"That was incredible," I said. 

"Yes, yes it was. No regrets."

"No regrets."

I pulled out, and we stood up. Before putting our clothes back on, Sara embraced me. "I needed that, badly," she whispered. "Thank you for making me feel so incredible." She kissed me again on the lips, picked up her clothes, and left my office. 

I sat back on my desk, still naked, still in awe of what just happened. Little did I know it was just the beginning.