 "Please," Audrey said, the slight exhaustion in her voice registering with Eric, "do this for me. She's one of my best friends, and she really is sorry."

Eric leaned back in his chair, letting out a sigh. "Yeah, okay."

"That sounded non-committal."

"It was," Eric sad, hand over his face. "But I'll give her a chance to apologize."

"Great!" Audrey said, pep back in her voice now. "There's a place just a few doors down from her studio where the three of us can eat and talk. Just like old times."

"The times when she secretly hated me?"

"I'll meet you there at six, love you!" Audrey continued, gliding right over Eric's snide comment The line went dead, so Eric leaned forward and hung his work phone up. He glanced at the clock on his desktop, which read 3:47. Still another hour to go, but he knew he was useless for the rest of the day now that he had a dinner with Vicki to look forward to.

It frustrated Eric, being mad at Vicki, because up until a week okay, he'd have loved grabbing dinner as a group. He'd known Vicki almost as long as Audrey had, the three of them all meeting freshman year of college. They never really hung out alone, but she and Audrey lived in the same dorm, so she was never too far away once Eric and Audrey had started dating. Hell, Vicki had even been at the birthday party where Eric had proposed to Audrey the previous summer, and she was supposed to be one of Audrey's bridesmaids.

It was something Eric had been fine with until Audrey, a little more drunk than she realized, had let slip a secret: all through their sophomore and junior years of college, Vicki was constantly trying to get Audrey to dump him. It had been a gut-punch for Eric to hear, and upon pressing his inebriated fiancée a little further, she told him that Vicki thought he was boring, that he was holding Audrey back, that she could do better. And that the few weeks they actually had separated during junior year, Vicki had been the one to suggest it. The same Vicki that had apparently been bullshitting him when she came by to comfort him after the break-up.

At that point, the thought of Vicki being in their wedding infuriated Eric, and Audrey had to talk him off the ledge from cursing her out in person. Instead, he'd just steered clear of her, but he remained insistent she not be in the wedding. Audrey, however, was determined to make sure Vicki was by her side that day, and so she'd set-up this dinner.

Eric leaned forward, fuming. "It was a long time ago," Audrey said, though five years certainly didn't feel like it. "She legitimately thinks the world of you now." Sure, two years of badmouthing him forgotten about, just like that. He would go to this dinner, try his best to behave himself, but the last thing he saw happening was believing a word that came out of Vicki's mouth.

----------------------------

Eric pulled into the parking lot a few minutes before six, a ball of dread sitting in the pit of his stomach. He stayed behind the wheel once he'd parked, just staring at the strip of buildings in front of him. Directly ahead was Alexander's, the Italian place the three of them were going to be meeting. On the far-right side of the strip was Vicki's studio: Goddess Pole Fitness.

Yes, Vicki was a pole dancer. Not just a dancer, a teacher, an expert. So good at it in college that she'd decided to take her business degree and turn it into a career. The studio hadn't been open long, but she'd managed to grow it into a fairly successful venture so far. "All the fun, none of the stripping," Vicki would say, before adding with a smirk, "well, some stripping, when I feel a guy has earned it."

Pole dancing: just another way Vicki was more adventurous and exciting than Eric, no doubt.

Fuck, Eric didn't want to do this. He looked around the parking lot, hoping to see Audrey's car, but it seemed she hadn't arrived yet. That's when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. Pulling it out, he saw Audrey was calling.

"Hello?"

"Don't hate me," Audrey said, and Eric's heart sank instantly.

"Don't do this."

"I'm just going to be a little late."

"How late?"

"About an hour-and-a-half."

"I'm going home," Eric said, already grabbing the key in the ignition.

"Babe, no!" Audrey called, causing him to hesitate. "Listen, I know, okay, really? I used to get so mad at Vicki for badmouthing you. But it really is all in the past. Just give her a chance to say that."

"Without you here?" Eric said, still gripping the key.

"If she's rude or unapologetic in any way, you can leave. Just please, meet up with her and go ahead and head over to the restaurant. Maybe you'll even have it all worked out by the time I get there."

"Doubtful," Eric said, then sighed. "I'll try."

"Love you so much!" Audrey said. "I promise, I'll be there ASAP."

"You'd better. Love you, too," Eric said, hanging up.

----------------------------

"Er, excuse me," Eric mumbled, pressing into the doorframe as a pair of near-nude women in high heels and short-shorts squeezed past him. He took a deep breath, never quite used to how much exposed flesh he saw when he came in here. Never mind how much he enjoyed it.

Once the last women exited, Eric moved further into the studio. Past the lobby, there was little more than a wide-open room filled with poles, and mirrors along the far wall. At the moment, the room was empty, leaving him to assume Vicki was in the back somewhere.

Not quite sure what to do, Eric stepped up to one of the poles, eyeing it. He reached out, giving it a tug, leaning his weight against it. With a little push, he spun slightly, going a bit more off-balance than intended, but managing to stay up. He stumbled forward, however, at the sound of a voice.

"Were you hoping for a lesson?"

"Oh!" Eric said, catching himself. Straightening, he looked to see Vicki standing in the doorway at the back of the studio. The sight of her outfit caused him to let out another small gasp. "Oh... hey, Vicki."

Like her students, Vicki was wearing next-to-nothing: a tight pair of booty shorts and a sports bra that clung to her chest. She was a tiny woman, barely over five feet tall and thin as a rail, but she was in fantastic shape, something her outfit highlighted. Her breasts were small, but firm, ass tight. Her red hair was pulled back in a ponytail, leaving a fringe of her bangs hanging loose above her eyes, and she was rubbing at her neck with a towel. Mad at her though he was, Eric couldn't deny that Vicki was smoking hot.

"Hey. So, I just saw Audrey's text," Vicki said, holding up her phone. "Guess it's just us for a bit, huh?"

"Seems that way," Eric said, crossing his arms. "Hope the thoughts not too boring to handle."

"Right to it, huh?" Vicki said, smirking. "Well, you're certainly not playing nice."

"Well, what can I say, I'm not feeling too nice right now."

Vicki's smile widened a bit. "Look, back in college... I don't know, Audrey and I weren't best friends, but we had so much fun when we would go out. And then the two of you got together, and it just seemed like she stopped going out or... doing anything, really."

"And that was my fault?"

"I mean, kind of!" Vicki said with a shrug. "Like, you never seemed to want to go out, and then she'd want to stay in with you, and I was worried she was wasting her best years on a college boyfriend. I didn't know you two were the real deal."

"I'm so sorry you were wrong."

Vicki sighed, slumping her shoulders. "Look, if you want to be mad at me, I can't stop you. We can just cancel dinner and I'll skip the wedding." Vicki spun on her very high heel and headed back to her office. "What's nearly a decade of friendship matter?"

"Fuck," Eric said, suddenly feeling like an ass. Yes, he was still mad at Vicki, but... damn it, she legitimately seemed apologetic. And he'd promised Audrey he'd try to make amends, but instead... "Damn it." Eric moved across the studio space towards Vicki's office, resolving himself to try a little harder with her. He came to the door, left open, and stepped in. "Vicki, listen, I..."

Eric trailed off as he entered, surprised to find Vicki inverted, her legs split open as she held herself aloft by a pole. It was a position that left him eye level and very close to her crotch, and the situation took him by immediate surprise and embarrassment. He could feel himself blush as he averted his eyes.

"Oh, um... sorry."

"It's fine, Eric," Vicki said, flipping effortlessly and landing on her heels. "I get plenty of guys checking me out when they're waiting on their girlfriends, I'm used to it."

"I wasn't... I mean, I didn't think you'd be... I didn't even know there was a pole in here."

"Yeah, well, I like practicing in private sometimes," Vicki said, leaning against the pole with crossed arms and giving him a hard stare. "It helps when I'm frustrated."

"Fair enough," Eric sighed. "Listen... it just hurt that you thought I was boring, because... I don't know, I thought we were friends."

"We are friends!"

"From the beginning, I mean," Eric continued, allowing himself to slump into a chair by the door. "I thought we hit it off right away, and the times we did go out, I thought we all had fun. But the whole time, at least a couple years... you just were waiting for Audrey to break up with me. It really sucked."

"Well... fuck, that makes sense, then," Vicki sighed, leaning out from the pole, a hand keeping her anchored to it. She spun absent-mindedly a few times, then straightened back up. "Yeah, that really sucks. But like, dude, I never wanted you to find out about that! Once I realized how good you two were together, I quit it. I swear."

"I want to believe you," Eric said, watching as Vicki spun around the pole again. He found his eyes incapable of wandering her body as she did; her muscles and figure were so well-defined and... tight. "Just... it was hard to learn."

"I get it." Vicki said, a leg wrapping around the pole as she lifted her body up. "And I'm sorry. I promise you I am."

"Right..." Eric murmured, Vicki bending away from the pole and leaving him staring at her thighs gripping around it. 

"I just wish there was something I could do to prove it, you know?" Vicki said, her voice lower as she stepped down from the pole. She held a grip on it as she bent down, giving Eric a look straight at her ass as she did. How high did those shorts ride? Vicki tossed her hair to the side as she glanced back at him, a smirk on his face. "Would you be open to an idea?"

"Vicki?" Eric said, suddenly unsure. Somehow, the energy in the room had changed, evidenced both by the position Vicki had taken and increased tightness of his pants.

"Audrey mentioned you weren't having a bachelor party." Vicki straightened up, turning to face him and lean against the pole.

"Uh, yeah," Eric said, eyes locked with hers now. "None of the guys can make it to town any earlier than the wedding weekend."

"I don't think that's fair to you," Vicki said, her arms reaching up behind her to take hold of the pole. "Audrey's still getting her bachelorette party, after all."

"It's... it's fine," Eric said, throat dried out a bit. "Maybe we'll do something after."

"Well, then it's not really a bachelor party, is it?" Vicki said, smirk widening. "It's a whole lot better to misbehave before the wedding than after. Knowing what Mary has planned, Audrey's sure going to have a lot of fun."

"What... what are you suggesting, then?"

"Every guy deserves a dance," Vicki said, lifting herself off the ground and splitting her legs apart in midair. With that, things went silent, Vicki beginning to twirl around the pole. This wasn't a fitness routine, though, or the casual spins she'd been doing as they spoke. This was the sort of movement Eric would expect to see at a strip club, technical moves mixed with seduction.

Eric was mesmerized, watching Vicki's lithe body gracefully spin around the pole. When she was facing him, whatever position she was in, their eyes were locked. When she was faced away, his eyes wandered her body, enjoying the way her shorts and bra clung to her body. When she wasn't spinning, she was teasing: bending over, squeezing her ass, running her hands over her tits, winking and blowing kisses to Eric. She wasn't stripping -- though he wondered how close to crossing that line they both were -- but she was making him want her in a way he never had before. He'd always known Vicki was hot, but he preferred women with curvier bodies. Now, though, he was suddenly obsessed with Vicki's body: her small, pert breasts, her tight, tiny ass, the way her rail-thin frame still teased him with womanly curves. All that, and the way she could move on the pole, her body an inviting ballet of seemingly impossible stretches and spins.

"That's one of my favorite routines," Vicki said, coming to a stop as she landed back on the toes of her heels. Her voice had dropped again, barely a whisper; the mood was well and truly changed between them now. She began to saunter towards him, Eric's eyes again glued to hers. "Not a lot of guys have gotten the chance to see it." She stopped, legs barely a couple inches from his knees. "Can you guess what happens next, groom-to-be?"

"Vicki," Eric said, looking up at her. He was filled with electricity, a yearning he knew was wrong, but that felt so right. He couldn't let it go any further. "Vicki, this has gone far enough, don't you think?"

"If your friends had been able to make it, wouldn't you have gotten a stripper?"

"Yes..."

"And a lap dance?"

Eric swallowed. "Yes."

"Then what's wrong with me apologizing this way?"

Eric knew the answer to that. He knew that getting a lap dance was something he and Audrey had talked about; it coming from one of her best friends, almost naked and flashing him some serious fuck-me eyes, was not. That's all the reason he needed... but fuck, she looked like heaven in a five-foot-three frame. "If you're sure."

With a smile, Vicki spun on her heels, her ass level with Eric's face for a moment; he didn't blush or look away this time. Hands on her knees and legs spread, Vicki slowly -- achingly slowly -- lowered herself into teasing proximity with Eric's lap. Eric didn't realize he'd been holding his breath until he let out a sharp exhale as Vicki's ass first brushed across his erection, his thin slacks and her booty shorts not doing much to keep them separated.

God, her ass felt amazing, every teasing touch sending a twitch of pleasure through Eric's body. She glanced over her shoulder at him, smiling as she quickly popped her booty down onto his erection three times; he almost came on the spot.

"Fuck, you're good at this," Eric gasped, gripping the arms of the chair hard. Vicki giggled.

"I run a pole fitness studio, Eric," she said, taking a seat on the edge of his knees before leaning fully back into him. She turned her head, now right against his shoulder, to add, "And I've used those skills in bed more than once."

Eric shuddered, the pressure of Vicki's gyrating ass no longer light teases, but full-blown grinding. She slipped an arm around his neck as she pushed into his lap with deliberate, forceful figure-eights, keeping pressure directly on his cock at all times.

"Vicki..." Eric moaned, the gyrations driving him wild. "This is... lord..."

"This isn't a strip club, Eric," Vicki said, placing her free hand on his. "There's no bouncer to throw you out for getting too handsy." She pulled his hand off the chair and placed it across her flat belly. "Touch me all you like."

Eric listened, not hesitating to pull Vicki tighter against him, his other hand sliding down against her thigh. On she went, edging his cock along with her grinding, her slight moans, her entire gorgeous frame. Lost in pleasure, Eric let his hands wander, one sliding up to Vicki's breast, the other to squeeze high on her inner thigh. Even through the constraints of her sports bra, Eric could feel Vicki's hardened nipple atop the soft flesh of her small breast.

"Vicki..." Eric moaned, barely able to get a clear thought out. "So close..."

"Want to feel it," Vicki said, her hands sliding under her. She pulled away from him slightly, reaching for his zipper and sliding it down. Again, Eric gasped sharply as Vicki's slender fingers gripped his dick directly for the first time.

Before he knew it, she'd scooted closer to him, pulling him out and placing his length firmly between her thighs. No longer gyrating, Vicki simply squeezed her legs shut, trapping him in the tight embrace of her thigh gap. Eric looked down, seeing his dick head peeking out from between her thighs and nestled right against the hot, damp side of her boy shorts.

"Such a big boy," Vicki moaned, rolling her hips once again. The new sensations sent even more pleasure through Eric's body, and he found himself gripping Vicki close to him once again. "I'm sure Audrey appreciates that."

"Don't..." Eric moaned, immediately ashamed by the thrill that ran through him at the mention of his wife-to-be. "Don't mention her..."

"Eric, you're not married yet," Vicki giggled, grinding him with more urgency now. "I told you, this is when it's okay to be naughty."

"Vicki..." Eric said, barely able to get words out as the pressure built; fuck, her thighs were so good, the heat of her pussy so enticing. He began to buck his hips slightly, meeting her gyrations with clumsy, urgent thrusts.

"That's it, Eric, enjoy yourself," Vicki said, picking up the pace of her hip rolls. Pleasure overwhelmed Eric as her thighs massaged him. "Audrey will be so happy we've made up. But she'll have no idea why. It'll be our dirty little secret."

"Fuck!" Eric groaned, Vicki's words and gyrations both pushing him over the edge. He lifted out of the chair with a thrust as his dick erupted, cum blasting up and across Vicki's stomach. She leaned back into him with a moan, reaching down to jerk the tip of his cock and edge him along.

Eric thought of Audrey, realizing this was the hardest he'd come in months.

"Mmm, that was nice, wasn't it?" Vicki said, continuing to play with his dick as the last spurts came out of him. Eric just shuddered, still sensitive from his orgasm. "Do you forgive me?"

"Fuck," Eric groaned, each of Vicki's teasing touches sending jolts through him. "Yeah, I do. More than... than makes up for it."

"Good!" Vicki said, suddenly standing up and away from him. She reached to her desk, grabbing her towel from earlier and quickly beginning to wipe his semen away from her stomach. "I'll be honest, I thought I'd have to work a lot harder than that for it." She laughed a bit, throwing him a shit-eating grin. "I guess you're as dull as I always thought after all, huh?

The words smacked Eric across the face hard.

"Excuse me?"

"I'm just saying, you're so passive," Vicki said, wiping her stomach off. "Like, there I was throwing myself at you, and you just sat there and let it happen. I literally whipped your dick out for you and you still did barely anything. We could've had more fun if you weren't so boring."

"So that whole apology was bullshit?"

"No, I really am sorry I tried to break you two up. Like, I think the world of you now. And if Audrey is okay with a boring lover, I mean, I'm sad for her, but that's her choice."

"I am not a boring lover," Eric insisted, feeling his blood begin to boil.

"Don't take it personally, Eric, really," Vicki said, throwing him that condescending smirk, almost like she pitied him. "Seriously, I just prefer guys who, you know, take charge, take what they want. You're not that type, it's fine."

Eric's blood was surging again, as all of his anger and frustration with Vicki came rushing back. Who was she to judge what type of lover he was from one lap dance? A lap dance he'd received unexpectedly, one he'd of course let her lead out of the shock of it all. He wasn't going to pretend he hadn't enjoyed it, but he'd been holding back on purpose, trying to resist going too far. It was only in the moment of orgasm he'd realized how far he should be taking it.
