 We had a stupid argument and then I had a random fuck with a random guy. 

God, I love him. How can he make me feel this way; so completely overwhelmed by my love for him: by the guilt and the fear that I might lose him? 

I hold him tight. As I pull back to look in his eyes there are already tears in mine. I open my mouth to speak but he holds a shaking finger to my lips. "I love you baby. God I love you. It fucking terrifies me. I didn't mean to do it. I was drunk. She was..."

"Me too," I whisper. Our eyes hold each other in the silence. My heart beats fast. He wraps his arms around me, pulls me close and holds me tight, like he never wants to let go. I bury my head in his neck and hold on to him.

Pushing my shoulders back he brushes my hair off my face and looks into my eyes. There's a softness there I've never seen before, but behind it something else burns. His palms on my glistening cheeks, wet with my tears, he moves closer and kisses me. His first touch is soft, our lips barely meeting. The second is slightly more firm. The third lets his tongue flick gently against mine. His hands move to the back of my head, tangle in my hair, pulling me to him. His kiss is hard. Overflowing with the passion I'd seen burning in his eyes. He crushes his lips to mine, melding us together, his tongue searching my mouth, snake-like wrapping around mine. 

We kiss like this for some time. The knot of fear in my stomach gradually unwinds and is replaced by the intoxicating wave of desire only he can arouse in me. His hands pull at my clothes, mine at his. I find myself lying back on the sofa, his body pressing down on top of me, his cock hardening between us. His mouth has moved to my neck now, licking and sucking and biting my flesh; marking me. There is no need; I already know I am his.

I push him back and he falls to the floor, pulling me down on top of him. I lean over him and kiss his neck, moving down to flick my tongue against his nipples, sucking them hard. All the time I rock my hips, massaging his cock with my soaking pussy. I continue my path downwards, kissing every inch of his skin. Reaching his cock I take him gently in my hands. I bring my lips softly to the delicate skin at his head. Adjusting my position I lick, hardly touching, from base to tip. A soft groan of appreciation escapes his lips. The sound sends a shiver down my spine as I open my mouth to him. Slowly I take his entire length in my throat, deeper than I've ever dared before. I hold him there for a moment, marvelling at the perfect fit. Then I draw my lips back, my tongue tracing the line back to the tip. I slowly work him in and out, each time drawing him deep. My fingers stroke his balls, gently massaging him. I have never felt more desperate to please. 

I continue with long strokes, gradually building pace. He feels almost unbelievably hard in my mouth and my hands. I long to taste his cum on my tongue, and he doesn't disappoint me. One long last suck pulls a low groan from him as he fills my mouth. I lick him clean, kiss every inch of his cock, and swallow every drop of his delicious cum. I slither up his body to kiss him. As his lips meet mine once more he murmurs into my mouth. "God I need to hear you come." I moan my agreement. He presses his fingers into my hips, pulling me up his body. I reach out to grasp the chair in front of me as he positions my hips above his head, shooting his tongue out to flick it against my clit. A long teasing lick from ass to clit, draws a soft moan from me. He slips his tongue seductively inside me, keeps it hard to fuck me with it. My fingers grip the fabric of the chair, my head sinking down onto it, breathing hard. He slightly alters the tilt of my hips, brings his tongue to my clit again. It is hard and eager for his touch as he slips it into his mouth, sucks hard, tantalisingly allowing his teeth to brush against my most sensitive spot. More moans force their way from my lips and I push my hips down further to meet his mouth.

He builds up a rhythm, flicking his tongue. My hips rock gently. I can feel my orgasm nearing. So quickly he gets me there, his skills breathtaking. His tongue is fast, relentlessly constructing the explosion of pleasure that tears through my body. I throw my head back, a rough scream echoing around the room, my lips struggling to form his name as I yell it. 

Not allowing me a moments rest he pushes back my hips, adjusting his own position, lying on top of me, pushing his lips down on mine, kissing me passionately. Switching his attention to my neck, he kisses hard. In one swift stroke he slides himself inside me. I wrap my legs around him, pulling him even closer, even deeper. He moves expertly, rhythmically, fast, hard. My voice grows hoarse from the moans he so constantly forces. His ruthless thrusts have me quickly screaming again, more pleasure pulsing through my entire body. 

Exhausted as I am from the intensity of my pleasure I cannot help but push him back, pulling myself on top of him. His cock slips easily into my drenched cunt. I straighten my back, throwing my head back, gripping my hair with my hands as I ride him. I keep up a relentless pace, torturing my body, pushing myself far beyond the limits of my endurance. But I cannot, will not stop. Continuously thrusting my hips, I keep driving his cock deep into me. My mind floats away into a world where there is only him. I can only hear his groans and hard breaths even above my own. He is holding back. Although my eyes are closed I can feel him watching me intensely, following the path of the beads of sweat coursing down my glistening body, sensing my pain, knowing I needed to do this.

He lets me continue until my hands drop to the floor, my body collapsing onto his chest. Then he allows my body to sink to the floor beside him, looking down at me, taking his place between my legs, soaking with sweat and my pleasure. He sinks inside me, a couple of hard thrusts before finally allowing himself the sweet release of filling me with his cum. And then we lie still on the floor, holding each other tight, our sweat and our cum mingling between our hot bodies. I gulp air into my lungs, my mind far away and fuzzy, but knowing with absolute certainty that this is where I belong.