 It was a hot day in May and you could say I was in a very bad mood. It was nearly the end of the semester and my jack ass of a professor had called me in on a Sunday. I knew my grade in the class wasn't stellar thanks to me missing a couple labs, but with some extra credit I could have it up in no time. He had emailed me only an hour ago asking me to meet him, I had been at home in bed relaxing for once. I never had any me time anymore so instead of getting ready like I should have I finished what I had been doing. Then I quickly dressed in a t-shirt and random skirt that were laying around. 

I was in a rush so I didn't check myself in the mirror before I rushed out. 

Now I stomped towards my professor's office in a button up that was way to shear to wear without a bra and a very short skirt nearly showed off my red lacy thong. I was frustrated to say the least in more ways than one. 

When I got to his office I knocked loudly on the door, and tapped my foot impatiently. 

He quickly opened it telling me to take a seat and closed the door behind me. 

"I assume you know why you're here?" he said moving to sit back in his chair. 

I nodded and frowned. Normally I would be checking out Professor Hayes shamelessly. After all he was hardly older than the students he taught and he was ridiculously hot and in shape. Right now however I was too angry to care. 

"Allie all I want to do is help you, so work with me here... how are you going to make up your missing labs?" he sighed. 

"I figured I do some extra credit, if that was an option?" I said trying to release the angry tension I felt. I knew I was here because of my own stupidity, but I was irrational due to my sexual frustration. 

"I'm afraid I only offer extra credit to those most deserving, what makes you deserving?" he raised his brows in question. 

I crossed my arms over my chest which caused my shirt to tighten and become even more see through. 

"I know I messed up and I really would like the chance to make up the missing points...which labs did I miss? I can redo them with your supervision," I said staring at my feet on the ground. I really would rather doing anything else than those labs, but I would do what I had to so I could pass.

I glanced up towards Professor Hayes only to find his eyes dart away from my chest. I tried not to smirk at catching him. 

"I'm still not convinced Allie," Professor Hayes gulped as he tried to avoid staring at my now very visible and pronounced nipples. I pulled down slowly on my shirt using my arms so the first button came undone leaving me a little more exposed.

"Please Professor? I'll do anything," I bit my lip and batted my lashes at him. I could tell he was getting turned on by his labored breathing and I had to admit I was excited too. 

I stood up making sure my skirt hiked up in the process showing just a little bit of the front of my red thong. I placed my hands on his desk leaning over so he had a very clear view down my shirt. 

"I'll do anything Professor," I said in a sultry tone. I've never been the kind of girl to do anything like this, but after months of celibacy and the interruption of his email today... I was feeling wild. 

Professor Hayes just stared and gulped as I moved around the desk to stand in front of him. I slowly climbed on his lap straddling the tent in his pants. I wasn't sure I wanted to actually have sex with him, but feeling his obviously large cock pressed against me was very exhilarating. 

"Are you going to do as I say Miss Murray?" he growled places his hands firmly on my hips. He seemed to have come out of his shock and decided to take control. 

"Yes sir," I nodded and yelped as he ground his cock against me. 

"Good girl," he smirked. He lifted me as if I weighed nothing and planted my ass on the edge of his desk. 

"Oh... yes," I gasped as his fingers rubbed against my most sensitive area. He hooked his finger on my thong and began to pull it down and away from my wet flesh. Once they were off he pushed my legs apart. Spreading them as far as they could go and opening me up to whatever he wanted. 

"You were a bad girl for skipping class Miss Murray... I think you need to be punished," Professor Hayes grinned as he stroked his finger along my wet folds. My breathing sped up faster both from being turned on and from fear. In this position he could do what he wanted to me and I couldn't stop him even if I wanted to. He didn't bother to unbutton my top instead he grabbed each side and pulled causing buttons to fly everywhere. 

"Professor Hayes!" I yelped as he pushed me onto my back with force. 

"Mmm such a bad, bad girl," he growled undoing his belt and pulling down his pants letting his cock spring free. 

"I bet you like it rough, don't you," he said poking my exposed hole with the tip of his throbbing cock. 

"Fuck me please," I mewed. Professor Haynes groped at my breast and tugged roughly on my tender nipple. I nearly screamed at the painful sensation. 

"How bad do you want it slut?" he pulled harder on my nipples as his cock teased my hole. 

"Fuck me please, hard, please Professor," I begged. I was completely turned on, I couldn't stand to wait any longer. 

I wrapped my legs around his hips trying to pull him closer so I could get some release. He responded by slapping my tits and groping them roughly. 

He teased my nipples for a little longer before without warning he thrust inside me stretching my hole to the limit and making me scream. He pulled out only to ram his cock inside me harder than the first time. The desk shook and moved with the power of his thrusts. I knew my pussy would be tender later after the beating it was taking. He pounded into me viciously until I was seconds from cumming and he pulled out completely. 

I yelped at the sudden loss. He flipped me over so my tits pressed against the cold surface of his desk and my ass wiggled in the air inviting his thick cock. He grabbed my hair pulling it roughly as he began pounding my pussy again. I was quick to cum squirting my juices all over his dick. He pulled out of me slowly making me moan and began to massage my as cheeks with his calloused hands. 

"Are you going to make me cum my naughty little slut?" he chuckled pressing his throbbing cock against my ass. He pulled by arms up right and turned me around so we were face to face. I could barely stand after the hard fucking he had just given me so I slumped against him. 

"Get on your knees Miss Murray... show me how badly you want that grade," he smirked as I sank to my knees. I slowly grabbed his cock, opening my mouth in a little O he pushed into my mouth. I sucked and stroked his cock using my free hand to play with his balls as he fucked my face. He placed his hand on the back of my head so he could hit the back of my throat. I nearly gagged around his monster but relaxed my throat instead. I began to get excited again, my nipples hardening and my pussy wettening even more. I moaned against the cock in my mouth as I fingered myself. This seemed to excited Professor Haynes even more as he began thrusting harder and faster. 

He pulled out of my mouth and spurted his cum on my chin and breasts. 

He pulled me up by my arm pits and I leaned against his desk breathing labored.

"You have a few more labs to make up still... so I'll see you next week Miss Murray," Professor Haynes said grinning at his completely satisfied and cum covered student.