 THE FOLLOWING IS A FICTIONAL STORY. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO REAL PRSONS IS STRICTLY COINCIDENTAL. IF YOU ARE OFFENDED BY STORIES OF SEXUAL CONTEXT DO NOT READ.

It was at the beginning of my shift, working 7pm to 7am, when I checked the list of employees that would be working with me the entire night. The census was low so I new we would be short staffed. Just as I was sitting at the nursing station computer a voice broke my train of thought.

"Hey, I didn't know you were on tonight?" Said Jennifer, a 24 year old nurse aid who I have a pretty fun relationship with at work. She is a stunning example of the type of girl who works hard, plays hard and always seems to have a mischievous smile on her face.

"Yea, I had no idea that we were so short on patients tonight. It looks to me like it's all up to us to handle this floor." 

"Please you and I could handle this place with out hands your hand tied behind your back." 

The image of her tied up popped into my head. I could see her lying flat with her supple c-cup breast falling to the sides. Her 5'-9" frame curved with each movement her thin white nursing scrubs.

"What are you thinking about their pal?"

I snapped back to reality and looked up at her brunette hair tied behind her perfect face. Her ears were so cute and she had a nice soft complexion 

"Sorry, trailed off for a second. Are you going to be ok with taking care of the initial night while I get us caught up on paperwork?"

"Do I ever disappoint?"

"Never have, never will."

Jen bounced off to the supply room to get started while I ran through a huge pile of paperwork. I only had so much time before I had to pass out medication, so I needed to move quickly. Every now and then Jen would pop by the desk and make jokes. I would laugh and then we continue our night. I started to pass my medications when Jen asked me for some help with a patient. I went into the room and she was bent over the bedrail attempting to get a call button cord plugged in to the wall. I could see she was having trouble, so I leaned over her back and helped her get to the hole where the cable needed inserted. She arched her back slightly. The smell of her hair was glorious, and the feeling of her warm soft body against mine made my scrubs grow tight.

"Thanks Hun..." She said with a wink in her eye. We then separated to the opposite sides of the bed to pull the patient up. She was leaning over the side across from me when I caught a glimpse inside her loose purple scrub top. Her mounds were encased by a lacy purple bra, which hung just over the outside edge of her chest.

"Tom, Tom...Lost you again soldier! Where do you keep trailing off too?"

"Nowhere, are you ok here?" I asked.

"I'm fine, thanks muscles." 

She joked like that a lot, which led me to believe she was checking me out. I was so self-conscious about being a male nurse because I was around ladies so much. I was actually becoming shyer over time. I was always shaving better, making sure my hair was fixed right, and never forgetting to do pushups and lift a little bit before work. I had to do what I could to keep up a trim body. It was getting late when I finally sat back in the chair at the nursing station. My legs were aching and tired from running up and down the hall. The sound of footsteps came up behind me. 

"Wake-up silly!" Jen exclaimed while shoving the back of my chair.

"Take it easy tough guy, I don't want to take you out before we get a new aid to come in and do your job."

Jen then jumped in to the chair next to me. She was always so full of energy. I don't know how she could keep it up all night like that. 

"Listen silly, if you can find a better example of hospital expertise, than go right ahead."

"I'm just yanking your chain, I am actually happy you're here tonight. You make this job a lot easier."

"Thanks I like to think out of all the bitches that work here you would appreciate me the best." She said as her body twisted the chair from left to right with that mischievous smile on her face.

"Yes I have to say when you are here, my job is a lot easier. You should think about going back to school to become an RN. I know you are smart enough."

"I know I just don't think I can go back to school, it was not the place for me."

"I thought the same thing about myself, and I made it through, so I believe you can make it."

Just then a call bell rang. Jen hopped up and bounced away to help someone in need. I sat back and looked at the charting I had to start doing. My head leaned back as I sighed. This was the part of the job I hated. My pen hit the paper at lighting speed. My scribbles in the chart were unreadable, but I did not care. Moments later another call bell went off. I looked up and saw that it was a room on the other end of the hall from where Jen was. I wanted to help her out so I got up and walked down there. Just outside the room it dawned on me that the room was empty. 

I opened the door and said, "Can I help you?"

The silhouette on the opposite side of the room was hard to make out in the dark.

"I hope you can, I've wanted your help for some time." 

Jens voice came from the dark near the window. I could see her shape against the streetlights down below. 

"Close the door." Jen said in a low sexy voice I had heard her use once before when telling a dirty joke to the other nurses. 

I closed the door. She approached me and without saying another word latched her lips to mine. We embraced each other for some time before she pulled me around to the bed. Standing next to the bed, her breasts brushed my chest. I could feel her nipples hardening as a grouped her lacy panties over her perfect ass. My cock hardened quickly and she ran her hand down my front. She massaged the outside of my crotch while I worked my hands into her shirt. She sat me on the edge of the bed and dropped to her knees. Looking up to me with those wanting eyes she said, "Now you want to see how I good I am as a nurse aid?"

"Yes, please...show me."

Jen released my cock and slowly lowered her head while never breaking eye contact. She licked my helmet, then worked her way down my shaft. Her hot moist mouth felt glorious. Breaking eye contact she engulfed my entire cock. Her head bobbed slowly as I thrust my member into her throat. She then slid her hand up and down with the same motion of her head. My balls were tightening, when I stopped her and pulled her on top of me. I kissed her hard and tasted myself as I worked her shirt off. Her breasts plowed me in the face. The Purple lacy bra hung off to the side exposing her beautiful areola. I engulfed her breast into my mouth. Jen moaned in response as my cock rubbed against the outside of her crotch. She spread he legs wider to let me rub closer to her sweet spot. The heat coming from her crotch was intense. I reached my hand down between her legs then slid my fingers into her panties. The small patch of pubic hair was saturated as I rubbed to edge of her clitoris. She kissed me deeper and moaned as I worked her pussy slowly. I removed my hand and pulled her panties and scrub pants off. She kicked them to the floor and yanked my pants off completely. My cock stood strait up. She dropped her head again to my dick and I pulled her into a 69. 

I lapped at her sweet hole as she worked my balls and cock. I Licked and jutted my tongue in and out of her as her sweet juices covered my face. 

"Oh yes...please don't stop... lick me baby... It feels so good." She cooed.

I continued working on her pussy as she brought me to the edge of exploding in her mouth. I concentrated hard on her cunt so as to hold out longer. Her head bobbed furiously in between my thighs. Jen ran her nails up and down the sides of my legs as she expertly blew me. Her legs tightened around my head as she exploded.

"Oh Tom yes! I'm cumming, suck my pussy baby...ohhh...yess!"

My face was soaked as she crushed me head in her thighs. Holding my breath I kept up the pace of lapping up every milliliter of her sweet juice. She bucked a final time and let the vice of her thighs go. I moved back as she continued sucking my cock. I could not believe I have held out for this long. With a small gob of precum on her bottom lip she looked back at me and said, "Now its your turn to cum for me."

The image of her beautiful body glistening with sweat sent me to the edge. Jen took my cock back in her mouth and massaged my balls. Her tongue licked the head every time my cock popped from her mouth. She took my cock one final time as I exploded into her throat. 

"Oh baby, yes...I'm cumming!" I jammed my member into her mouth. She swallowed furiously as I blasted into her. She sucked every ounce of cumm out of my shaft. I slowed my hips as Jen licked the last bit of cum from the tip of my cock. My head went back on the pillow and I took a deep breath. 

Jen switched positions and climbed on top of me. Her saturated pussy rested against my cock. Still wearing only her purple bra she said with her mischievous smile.

"So am I still your favorite nurse aid?"

"Baby you are the best nurse aid I have ever worked with." 

I sat up to kiss her when another call bell rang. Jen quickly jumped up and got her clothes back on.

"Sorry duty calls, but you know this is a twelve hour shift." Jen hopped down the hallway.

I sat up on the edge of the bed and began to get dressed. I thought to myself that this was the best career decision I could have made. 

"Man, I love twelve hour shifts!"