 My very first day of high school seems like forever ago, regardless of the fact that it's really only been about eight years. I was living in Southern Charlotte at the time, because my dad had gotten a job there nearly a year previously. That August morning was surprisingly mild and I couldn't believe it, as it had been nearing a hundred degrees all summer long.

I walked into my first period American history class, not knowing anyone from middle school right off the bat, so I was a little off-set at having to get to know all of these new people.

And in she walked.

Her name was Heidi, and she was striking. Cool, pale blue eyes, and long, brown hair, tied-up by a tiny red ribbon. She was incredibly voluptuous, with a tight, little white sweater, struggling to contain her enormous... Except I can't continue, because, well, she and I were both fourteen at the time of this, so I can't legally continue telling you this story.

However, I can tell you that this is the moment I fell in love with, oh, Jesus... How can I say this without coming off as being hackneyed? Women of, err, larger proportions. That's right, boys and girls, I like my women chubby.

Fast-forward a number of years, later, to freshman semester of college. My dad had gotten laid off from his job, so the family trekked it back up to Northern Virginia, almost reminiscently of the Donner Party, I might add. I ended up going back to the high school I was supposed to go to in the first place, and I graduated, and spent the summer fucking off, and getting high with my cousins and friends.

I went down to Richmond that fall for school, and within the first several hours of co-ed dorm life, my masturbation memory bank was set for at least a few weeks. Most of my female contemporaries at school were from the state, with a few interspersed out-of-state girls here and there.

Within no time at all, I was tossed into a whirlwind of classes, dorm life and, of course, the parties.

The first party I can clearly recall going to was a toga party at the fraternity house, which I, incidentally enough, ended up pledging. I was walking around the party, meeting tons of people, and running into the occasional hall mate of mine. And I was shit-faced drunk.

I sat down on a wicker love-seat at around one in the morning, because I needed to catch my bearings.

"May I sit down with you?"

I looked up into two deep, brown eyes that were ensconced in an angelic face.

"Sure," I coughed out. My mouth dried out a little bit at the sight of this gorgeous girl.

She spun, and her long, loosely-curly brown hair followed her, giving way to her amazingly round hips and ass, that bubbled out just perfectly. Once that amazing ass was seated, she turned.

"Thanks, I was getting a little dizzy," extending a hand, "I'm Mallory."

"I'm-- uh, Jason."

"Pleasure to make your acquaintance, uhJason," she giggled. Her nice, large chest shook as she laughed, and a beautiful smile showed itself.

We talked for at least a couple hours, while the beer just kept on falling into our hands. She was in her second year at the university, majoring in English. A woman after my own heart. We'd read tons of the same books, seen all of the same movies, god, this girl was amazing, and as far as I could tell, single. As the party started to die, I realized that the possibility that I might not see dear Mallory again started to haunt me.

"Hey, um-- Can I get your number? Wow, that sounds a little awkward... Yeah... I don't know what we'd do if I took you out, but I'd love to."

"How about you come back to my place first and we'll see how things progress from there?" she said with a raised eyebrow and a wry grin. 

I was stunned. I'd never had a woman ask me a question of such magnitude, but I more than happily obliged... With heart, and, ahem, both of my heads.

Mallory and I left the party, myself being dragged, not so reluctantly, by the wrist. Her hair bounced, almost in unison with her big, bubble butt as she jogged. She giggled until we were sheathed by the shadows of the dirty, Richmond alleyway.

I was enjoying the view. And then she stopped.

"Err—Are you sure about this?"

Hold on a minute. Wasn't this the girl that offered for us to go back to her place?

"What do you mean? Why wouldn't I?"

I really had no idea why she would change her feelings all of a sudden.

"Well, I know you're kind of drunk, and I'm kind of a--," she trailed off, blushing.

"What? A big girl? No you're not. You're voluptuous. You're beautiful. You're curvy as all get out and I love it. Mallory, you're the sexiest girl I've seen in all of Richmond."

She looked up at me, holding my hands loosely, still blushing. She kissed me. At that point, I had thought that she was just being forceful, probably because I was drunk... and naïve. Looking back on that night now, I recall it as one of the more passionate kisses I've ever experienced. She smiled as she wrapped her arms around one of mine, resting her head on my shoulder as we walked. As we walked down the moon-lit alley, she pressed her five-foot-two and curvy-in-all-the-right-places frame up against me.

She brought us to a stop behind a house not too far from the one we'd left from. She reached into her purse, and pulled out her house keys.

"Do you have any cigarettes, by any chance?"

I reached in my pocket and found the opened pack. There were two left, and I'd opened the pack not four hours previously. Note to self: When someone asks you for a cigarette at a party, say you're out. Your smokes will last much longer, that way.

I lit the two cigarettes and handed her one of them.

She exhaled, and with a glint in those deep eyes of hers, she grabbed the front of my belt, pulling me towards her in an embrace, and we slowly began to kiss. It went on and on, and before I knew what was going on, her hand was on my rapidly growing cock.


It reminded me, faintly, of the night that I lost my virginity, but that is a story for another day.

My hand slid over her back, and the curvature of her lower spine, resting for a minute as I reached the top of that big, beautiful ass of hers. My hand reached down a bit further, until I grabbed and squeezed one of her butt cheeks. The mixture of how firm, yet soft it was made my cock jump a little bit more. I loved the feel of the denim tight across her skin, and I couldn't tell if she was wearing any panties, which made me want to fuck her even more.

Time seemed to evaporate while I was with Mallory, because, the next thing I knew, this beautiful young woman was straddling me, her hands exploring my stomach underneath my shirt. Her hands had a nice warmth as they ran over my belly. I ran my hands over the well-worn denim, as I massaged her nice, round thighs. She reached over to the bedside table and sat back up with a nice, big joint set within her pouty, coral-colored lips. The lighter was bright in the dim, candle-lit room. As she sparked the joint, she closed her eyes, and took a really long drag from it.

I took in the sticky-sweet smell of the marijuana as it filled her bedroom. She held the enormous hit in her lungs for nearly a minute before she exhaled, and no smoke came out. Jesus, I thought, with lungs that big, she's probably pretty loud in the bedroom.

As we finished smoking the weed, I ran my hands up over the large curves of her hips, and up under her sweater, my thumbs lightly massaging the soft skin of her big breasts. She gasped as I ran my fingers over her smooth skin, apparently a little bit ticklish.

She pulled her top off, letting her bra-covered breasts bounce a little, and letting me see her soft-skinned belly, which wasn't too big at all. Like I said, curvy in all the right places. I sighed a little bit at the beautiful sight, but she took it the wrong way, thinking I'd meant "Oh, Jesus, this girl's huge!"

I ran my fingers along her jaw, drawing her attention back to me.

"You are so perfect, mentally and physically. You're beautiful, Mallory. The only thing I'm worried about is that I won't be able to pleasure you," I blushed a little bit.

"Why would you think that, sweetie?"

"Well, I mean, I've fooled around with a few girls, but I've only had sex with one before... And that was like a two-shot deal. Two years ago."

I couldn't look her in the eye.

"It's ok, hon, I'll teach you every thing you need to know," she smiled, bending at the waist, she leaned down and kissed me, long and deep, her tongue flicking in and out of my mouth. 

She slid off of me and pulled my shirt over my head, and she took one of my nipples into her mouth. That was a new one. She bit slightly, sending little shockwaves through my body. Within seconds, she had me stripped naked, and was starting to play with my balls. Jesus, I had so much come backing up in me that I thought I would shoot a hole in her ceiling. I started to rub her free hand, but she slapped it lightly, and told me to just lie there and relax. That she'd take care of me. She made me put my hands behind my head, and pulled out a cool, silk scarf which she promptly blindfolded me with.

I felt her fingertip graze the opening of my dick, wiping a tiny bit of precum away. She giggled, and the thought of her heaving chest made me want to jerk myself off right that second, but I did my best to exert what little bit of eighteen-year-old self-control I could afford. Suddenly I could only feel remnants of her body heat on the comforter, and I felt her weight shift off the mattress. She rubbed my feet a little bit, and spread my legs. Her fingernails running up my legs had my cock positively straining now, and it was throbbing, visibly, I'm sure.

"Hold your horses, Jason, dear, I'm getting there."

Her finger tips closed around the sides of my erection, and she licked the underside of the head, and it was all I could do to not release. Her soft, warm tongue licked all the way down the shaft, and she took both of my balls in her mouth, a task one of my previous girlfriends had deemed impossible. Mallory would have eaten this girl alive, though, and I'm so much better off being where I was today.

As she let my balls loose, I could feel a small stream of saliva running down my perineum, and by the time it reached my butt-hole, it was cool, and I jumped a little bit. She licked my taint, sending me up the walls, and, running her fingers through the moist area, ran a finger across my rear entrance.

The shock of it nearly had me off the bed, as she applied a little bit of pressure. Mallory slowly began to jerk me off, and whispered, "Don't worry, doll, I won't cause you any pain..."

Her fingertip slipped inside relatively easy up to the first knuckle. No one had ever done this to me before, and my breaths became short and aggressive, as her finger slowly snaked its way up my entrance. I felt her shift slightly on the bed, her finger held still inside my ass. She engulfed my cock, and sucked hard, letting no air into, or out of, her mouth. She curled her finger upwards, lightly flicking across my prostate as her hot, wet mouth slid up and down over my cock.

I couldn't contain myself anymore... "Uunnh, Mallory... I'm gonna... Uhhh..."

I felt the thick streams of cum shot down her throat, and she swallowed it all, her finger massaging my prostate quickly, trying to get all of the cum out of me. My eyes spun in their sockets, and I felt my hands and feet become incredibly tingly, and I was quickly running out of breath.

Mallory climbed off of the bed and went to the bathroom to clean up, leaving me to quiver on her bed. She got back on the bed with me, giggling that I still hadn't taken the blindfold off. She kissed me, and I could taste remnants of my own cum, mixed in with the sweet taste of her lips.

I fell asleep, held by sweet Mallory, as the early August dawn crept through the blinds.