 He noticed her as soon as she walked in the room. The way she held her head proudly high, her silky black hair, her fiery red dress. He was mesmerised by her beauty, her grace. He watched her for the majority of the evening, unable to take his eyes off her. Occasionally she glanced back, her deep black eyes penetrating his very soul. Her name was Mali. She was an exotic mix of Japanese and Thai. For an ordinary looking guy, she seemed completely untouchable. They were in Biology together, but never got a chance to talk.

"Hey Chance, my man, wassup wit ya?" It was Jason, drunk as usual, and for the first time, wasn't spending the course of the party 'trapped' in a bedroom with some girl. Yet, that is...

"Nothing, just chillin'" Chance replied, not wanting to talk.

"I've two very horny girls waiting for me, you wanna share them?" Jason was so drunk he could barely stand up, let alone able to get his 'Little Man' to work. 

"Uh, nah, it's ok. You enjoy them."

"Alright, but it's your loss, they're fucking hot." Jason stumbled towards the door, calling out for the girls.

Chance sighed and turned back to face the table. He never really liked drinking; hell knows why he even came to these parties, a fucking waste of time in his mind. He could sense someone sitting next to him. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a red dress; he froze, not wanting to look up.

"You not drinking either?" Her voice was as beautiful as her; her accent was interesting mix of Asian, and French. He could feel his heart pounding, his throat constricting

"I...ah...I don't drink much." He stumbled over his words, not able to look at her. He could feel his face blushing.

"Nah, either do I. These parties are just a pathetic excuse to make out with as many people as possible, it makes me sick." She said confidently, unperturbed by his obvious nervousness. "And besides, I don't know anyone here."

"Yeah, tell me about it. I feel like I don't belong here." His nervousness was disappearing; she had something about her that was oddly disarming. She made him feel so comfortable. "You're Mali, right?" 

He looked up at her for the first time, since they'd started talking. She was even more beautiful up close. He could see she wasn't wearing any make-up, her naturally radiant complexion shining through. Her eyelashes long and dark, her lips naturally red and full. 

"Yes, and you are?" She looked at him so intensely, with a slight air of seduction.

"I'm Chance." He smiled, he couldn't take his eyes off hers, he was entranced.

"That's a nice name. It suits you." She smiled back. "Do you want to go outside? It's kind of stuffy in here." 

"Yeah, sure." He replied, standing up, "We can go sit out on the front porch, I don't think anyone'll be there."

"Ok, lead the way." She stood up next to him; he could smell her perfume. She smelled like roses, only with more beauty. 

They worked their way outside, weaving in and out of the people standing, drinking, or making out. The walked out onto the porch, the air warm and still. They sat on the front step, silent, just enjoying the company. Chance had never met anyone like her, he felt completely at ease with her. He felt like he'd known her his whole life, the feeling of familiarity washed over him.

"I remember when I was living in Japan. I lived in the city, so the lights would make it impossible to see the stars. Now, I can't get enough of them. They are so beautiful, twinkling way up there, like angels. There are millions and millions of them, one for every person living on this earth. They are completely untouchable. Or so we think. I'm sure if we asked nicely, they'd come down." She looked at him and laughed, it sounded like music to his ears. 

"I'm sure you don't want to hear about all my stupid thoughts, though..." she trailed off, looking back up at the stars, the moonlight glowing off her skin. 

"Yeah I do, you're more interesting than the phoney people in there," he replied, looking up at the stars too. 

"Chance? Did you want to get out of here, maybe get a coffee?" She asked him, looking at him in such a way that there was no way he could say no. 

"Sure, where do you wanna go?"

"I know a place, come on, I have a car." She stood up and started walking down the stairs, not even bothering to say goodbye to anyone. He followed her; her mysteriousness intrigued him. They walked to her car:

"Come on, slow-poke" she winked and grabbed his arm, he nearly jumped at her light, silky touch. Her hands were so smooth, as they snaked around his lower arm. She doesn't realise how much this is turning me on, he thought. She removed her hand when they reached her car, so she could open the door. The car was a deep, fiery red; it matched her dress. She saw the way he was looking at her car, and said: 

"I bought it with the money I'd saved when I used to model. Trust me when I say, I couldn't buy such a nice car if I hadn't have modelled." She laughed.

"You were a model?" he asked.

"Yeah, when I lived in Switzerland. Apparently I was 'exotic', but then they told me I had to loose weight. I told them where to go." She laughed again, getting in the car and reaching over to open his door. He climbed in the car, the soft leather felt so cool touching his skin. 

"You don't need to loose weight, you're perfect..." he looked down at his hands. He couldn't believe he just said that, he could feel his face blushing. 

"Thank you..." She replied, also looking down. She tingled with excitement. Normally when guys told her she was beautiful, they just said that to try and get her into bed. She knew he meant it. She smiled to herself; he's so cute, she thought.

"Lets go, shall we?" She looked over towards the passenger seat, and grabbed his hand, giving it a light squeeze. He moved his glance to her face and smiled, almost in disbelief. She smiled back and removed her hand so she could move the clutch. Going along the road, they both sat in silence, not knowing what to say to each other, they were consummated with their thoughts for each other. Occasionally one of them would say something, but the conversation would soon cease, and they would return to companionable silence. Chance couldn't stop looking at her; she glowed with natural beauty. Her dark eyes sparkled with intelligence and good-humour, the way her dress showed off her cleavage, her long, silky legs...

"Chance?" He shook his head out of his trance, and looked at her. "We're here. Are you alright?" 

"Yeah, I'm fine." He got out of the car, and followed her into the café. It was nearly empty, the lighting dim, the interior decoration looked like something from Mexico. Lots of oranges, reds and yellows. He loved it immediately; the atmosphere was perfect. They sat at a table, the waiter handed them both a menu, and asked what they would like to drink. 

"I'll have a Lemon, Lime and Bitters, please." They both said at the same time. They laughed, blushed and looked away. The waiter laughed and after confirming their order, walked away to the kitchen. Chance looked at Mali and feeling bolder, reached out and grabbed her hand, lightly rubbing it with his thumb. She returned his gaze and smiled so sweetly that Chance could feel his heart skip a beat. She was so magnetic, he felt as though he could not look away. They sat, staring at each other before the waiter, bringing their drinks, interrupted them. He removed his hand and took a big gulp from the glass. He needed to cool down, and his mouth was dry.

"Chance? I..." Mali started, but a waiter, asking if they wanted to place a food order, interrupted her. Mali said they weren't hungry for the moment, and could they come back soon. Chance just looked at her, not knowing what she was up to. Mali started again. 

"Chance? I just wanted to say that I've been watching you in class, and I think you're really nice. Spending time with you now, I feel like I've known you my whole life. If you're not doing anything next Friday, I'd like to maybe, catch a movie or something." He nearly choked on the mouthful of drink he had in his mouth, but managed to keep himself together. He was in shock; he almost couldn't speak. The girl of his dreams just asked him out. He felt like jumping up and yelling it so loud that the world could hear.

"Mali, I'd love too..." He trailed off, not knowing what to say. She grabbed his hand and said:

"Lets get out of here." She pulled him out of his seat before he could even reply, took a $10 note out of her purse, gave it to the cashier, and led him outside to her car. When they reached her car, she pressed him against the drivers-side door and quickly kissed him. She pulled away and they just looked at each other. 

She smiled and said: "Sorry, I've wanted to do that for ages..." She laughed and he reached up to stroke her cheek. Cradling her face under the chin, he leant down and kissed her. Her lips felt so soft. She kissed him back with so much passion it took his breath away. Her tongue slipped into his mouth as they kissed deeper, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Finally, she pulled away, pressing her body hard against his. He could feel her erect nipples grazing over his chest, her warm silky hands touching his neck.

"Maybe we should take this elsewhere..." she said, looking at him seductively with a hint of cheekiness, rubbing his shoulders over his t-shirt. 

"What do you have in mind?" He inquired, eyebrows raised with interest, a smile appearing on his face.

"Hmmmmm, I don't know...we could go back to my place. My housemate has gone home for the summer." Her eyes were now watching her hands, stroking his body through his clothes. One hand was at his chest, stroking his right nipple through his clothes, and the other had snaked under his t-shirt, and was stroking his belly. He exhaled slowly, as he moaned with pleasure. 

"Yeah, lets get outta here, before the world sees my level of arousal." He laughed, pulling out from underneath her, and walked around the car to the passenger-side door. He winked at her and she climbed in, and opened his door. He got a good look down her dress, and saw the outline of her perfect, round breasts. He felt his cock jump at this site, and hoped he could conceal his arousal from her. He climbed in quickly, and before he had even sat down properly, she had found his lips with hers. Her tongue licked lightly over his lips, over his gums and teeth, and finally his sensitive tongue. They continued to kiss, exploring each other's mouths and bodies. He slowly began stroking her thigh, with a light, feather-like touch. She felt so silky, and he travelled up only as far as he dared. By this time, she'd started stroking his cock through his pants, and he stifled a moan into her mouth, her tongue probing deeper into his hot, wet mouth. 

He pulled away from her, "Maybe we should stop until we get somewhere more comfortable." He could see the lust he felt for her mirrored in her eyes, he wanted to make love with her into they both writhed in ecstasy. She smiled, reading his thoughts, and started the engine. Even though in was a 10 minute drive to her house, she knew it would be a long ride.

They reached her house in record time, their lust and desire escalating further. She unlocked the front door and they quickly entered the house, kissing each other after she'd closed the door. They spent some time just standing in the front hall, kissing each other hungrily. He held her tight around her waist, pulling her close to his body. She pulled away and lifted his t-shirt over his head, running her hands over his body, pulling ever so lightly at hair covering his chest. He kissed her neck, licking and sucking tenderly over her jugular. She moaned loudly, kneading his biceps with her fingers. He backed her up onto the wall, and pressed against her body, kissing her mouth as he did so. 

"Oooh, this feels so good.." she moaned, holding tight onto his body, her knees going weak with pleasure. Her hands drifted down his body, until the reached the waist of his pants. She slowly began undoing his belt, pulling it off in one swift motion. He leant around her and teasingly played with the zipper of her dress.

"Yes, take it off, please..." She said breathlessly, curling her body into his, so he had better access. He undid the zipper and pushed the flimsy straps off her shoulders. The dress fell to the ground in a puddle, and she stepped out of it, kicking it aside with her feet. She pulled his body against hers, their warm flesh touching each others for the first time. They kissed each other deeply, increasing the heat, and Chance could feel his cock fighting against the fabric of his pants. He looked up, realising they were still in the hallway.

"Did we want to take this elsewhere?" He asked her, trying not to sound too desperate. 

She just smiled; taking his hands in hers, and lead him through the house to her bedroom. She looked at him, and then the bed, and after they both took off their shoes she starting to undo his pants. They were both now wearing just their underwear and were ravenously taking in each other's bodies. She kissed him gently, and walked over to the bed, climbing in under the black satin sheets.

"Are you coming in?" She asked him, seductively lying back against the pillows. In her red lace bra and panties, she looked like a Siren. A temptress seducing him into an unforgettable experience. He didn't need any encouragement; he walked quickly over to the other side of the bed, the silk sheets feeling so sensual, a cocoon of pleasure. He moved over, closer to her, and lay on his side, just looking at her. Her dark brown nipples stood erect under her bra, begging to be licked and sucked. Her hair falling around her face, framing its beauty and perfection. Her thong panty exposed her perfect, round arse. His erection was now full and hard, his boxer shorts straining to conceal it. 

She leant forward and hugged him tight, her curvaceous body heating him further. His hands moved around her body, to the clasp that kept her breasts hidden from his view. Her carefully pulled off her bra, exposing her beautiful globes. She kissed him hard on the lips, her tongue massaging his, while he busied his hands, stroking and kneading her breasts. The flesh was warm and soft, her nipples like press-studs; hard and small. He kissed down towards her left breast, leaving a moist trail of saliva. He reached her erect nipple and sucked it hungrily into his mouth, flicking the tip with his tongue. She moaned, arching her back and pulled his head into her breast. His kisses and licks felt so good it was almost painful. She dragged her fingernails over his back, playing with the band of his boxers. Her hands lightly caressing his back and sides, finding a ticklish spot that made him jump involuntarily. She giggled and pulled him up onto her, kissing him ravenously. Feeling his weight pressed hard against her felt so arousing, and she could feel her sexual tension rising. His rock-hard erection had slipped between her legs, and she could feel its warmth radiating onto to her wet pussy. 

She tugged at his boxer shorts, and he lifted his hips so she could pull them off. He now lay on his side, completely naked, next to her. She glanced down at his enormous cock; she could see the head was shiny with pre-cum. He reached over and pulled off her thong panty, she lifted her hips, helping him to pull them off. He could see her pussy, her mound covered with dark hair, the lips glistening with wetness. He felt his cock throb, reacting to her beautiful body. He rolled over, pulling her on top of him. 

"You're so sexy, Mali." Chance said stroking her ebony hair. 

"So are you, Chance. This feels so good." She replied, kissing his neck. She found a spot on his chest that had no hair, and kissed it gently. She could feel the vibrations of his heart beating. He shuddered with pleasure at her kisses, moaning under his breath. She moved back up to his body, kissing up to his ear. She began lightly tugging at his earlobe with her teeth, sucking the flesh. 

"I want to feel you inside me." She whispered into his ear, leaning away so she could see his reaction. He looked up at her beautiful face, his mouth suddenly dry again.

"Are you...sure?" He asked her.

"I am so sure." She leant down, kissing his lips, rolling over, so he was now on top. She reached down, guiding his cock to her wet pussy; it slipped inside in one swift motion. She wrapped her legs around his waist pulling him close, her hips bucking up to meet his. He slowly began trusting into her, pushing deeper and deeper, until he could feel his cockhead touching her cervix.

"Oooh, this feels so good, do it harder." She pulled him closer, as he thrust into her harder. 

"Oh Chance..." She exclaimed, "Chance! Chance!" She was moaning loudly now, calling his name. He'd never felt so good; she was so tight, so wet.

"Chance!"

He opened his eyes, the brightness making it hard to see at first. He saw a dark silhouette of a man in front of him. It was Mr Johnson, calling his name. Class had finished and everyone had left.

"If you're going to keep falling asleep in my class, then I'd rather you not turn up." He said sternly. 

Chance slowly stood up, his legs felt weak. He looked out of the classroom door as he packed up his books, and he saw Mali standing at her locker. She turned around and looked at him. She gave him a quick wink and walked off, heading towards the Caf. He looked down and shook his head. Pity it was only a dream.