 My wife and I have been together for over five years and married for a little over one. Our sex life is great, with both of us being open minded, we have had our fair share of wild sexual adventures. I had never been unfaithful but one day that changed in an instant.

It was a very warm summer afternoon and I was out back doing yardwork. I was without a shirt and wearing a pair of flimsy shorts due to the summer heat. While I was out back, I heard somebody calling my wife's name so I went to investigate. 

As I rounded the corner, I about ran directly into the person the voice was coming from. It was Ashley, my wife's best friend from high school and she looked visibly upset. Now before I go any further let me explain what Ashley looked like. She's 5'3'' maybe 130 pounds. She just recently found out that she is pregnant and was due in about 7 months. She has very nice bronze skin with blonde hair and blue eyes. From being a cheerleader in high school, she still has a very toned body. She has a very tight ass, and beautiful 34b tits, that are nice and firm with brown aureolas and eraser tip nipples. 

"Hey Jay is your wife home?" She asked. 

"No, she is going to be gone most of the day, why? What's wrong?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing, I'm sure you don't want to be bugged with my personal problems." She said. 

"Come on in sweetie, I'll get you some lemonade and you can tell me what's on your mind."

We walked into the kitchen and sat down and I poured her some lemonade while she began to tell me the story. As it turns out she just caught her husband of two years in bed with his ex-girlfriend. She was very upset, so she came over to talk to my wife about possibly staying with us for a few weeks, until she could find her own place.

"Of course you can stay with us Ash, you know we are always here for you." I said. She said thanks, and came over and gave me a nice big hug. With her firm tits pressed to my chest and my arms wrapped around her, I started to notice my dick getting hard in my shorts. 

Ashley seemed to notice too, because she giggled and looked down and said, "boy somebody is a little happy to see me."

I blushed and apologized for the embarrasing situation. She said, "don't be sorry it's flattering to know somebody still finds me to be attractive." 

I said, "Ashley if you had any idea how attractive I find you, you'd be suprised. I've wanted to get into your pants since the first time I met you." 

"Really?" she said. 

"Of course, you are gorgeous, and now that you're pregnant, that turns me on even more."

"Well then, maybe we can just do something about that," she said as she placed her hand on my thigh and rubbed her hand up and grabbed my member through my shorts. I moaned and leaned into her and kissed her passionately parting her lips with my tongue and she gladly accepted. 

After kissing for what seemed like hours, and her rubbing my member, I said, "What do you say we go get more comfortable?" I led her by the hand to the bedroom, where we embraced in a passionate kiss yet again. I broke the kiss, and lifted her tight tank top from her body to find that she wasn't wearing a bra, and her firm tits were standing proud on her chest and her nipples were hard. 

I leaned down and sucked one nipple into my mouth flicking it with my tongue, and lightly nibbling on the nub. "Mmmmm, that feels so good Jason, you know I've always thought you were a stud, and it looks like I'm going to find out. 

I laid Ashley back on the bed, and helped her out of her khaki skirt, which just left her in a little black thong. "Damn, I can't wait to eat and fuck that tasty looking pussy."

I kicked off my shorts and boxer briefs and my 7 inch member sprung to life without a problem. Now, I'm not a hunk by any means, but I've been told I'm very attractive a time or two. I'm 6'3 220 pounds with a fairly athletic body, and as I said a decent sized cock. 

I slid her little thong off, and was pleased to see her pussy was cleanly shaven. It was glistening and her outer lips were just slightly protruding. I climbed between her legs and started kissing and licking from her knee up the inner part of her thigh. She was moaning quietly, until I finally reached my destination and started to gently lick and suck on her protruding pussy lips.

"Oh god, that's it, yeah eat my pussy." I continued to assault her pussy. I began to insert my middle finger into her pussy, and was met with an extremely tight, hot and wet love tunnel. 

"Damn baby, you're as tight as I imagined." 

"Well, what can I say, my husband has a small dick." I laughed and went back to enjoying eating her pussy. She tasted so sweet and smelled of strawberry lotion, which was a wonderful treat for me.

"AHHHH...Keep going...Don't stop....MMMM...Yeah baby, I'm go.....nna....I'mmmmm cummmmmmming!!!" And cum she did. I got up when she was done shaking from a major orgasm and licked my lips which were soaked in her juices. 

"Damn Ash, you taste fucking great!"

"MMM, thank you, I needed that, now it's your turn." She pushed me back on the bed, and licked down my abdomen to my cock which was extremely hard begging for release. She began licking the head and shaft of my dick, and then slowly took the head into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head. 

She then proceeded to suck more or my dick into her mouth. I was moaning loudly and knew that if she kept up this oral assault that I wouldn't last much longer. 

"I wanna feel that pussy wrapped around my cock!" She stopped sucking my cock and climbed up and straddled my midsection. She grabbed my member and positioned it at her pussy lips. She then slowly lowered herself down on my cock and as she did we both moaned in unison as I slid inch by inch into her tight tunnel. 

Once buried to the hilt, she said, "I need to adjust to your size you're huge."

After a short time, she started to slowly bounce on my cock, and before long she was fucking me furiously. "Oh yeah, fuck me with your big cock Jay. MMMM, it feels so good, your cock is so huge!" 

"Mmmm, I love your tight pussy Ash."

I knew it wouldn't be long, and I didn't want this episode to end, so I stopped her from riding me, and threw her onto her back on the bed, and climbed on top of her. I then re-entered her tight pussy, and started slamming into her pussy as hard as I could. "Mmmm, yeah, GOD, I'm getting close Jay. Yeah, fuck me...Mmmm, yeah....I'm gonna cuuuuummmmm....I'mmm cummmmmmming!!!!" I felt her tight pussy clamp down on my cock as she started convulsing and I couldn't hold back any longer.

"MMMMPPPPHHH, I'm cuuuuuummmmmmiiiiiing!!!!" I slammed my cock into her one last time, and erupted with the largest load I've ever blown in my life. She continued to convulse as I came in her tight pussy, which threw her into another massive orgasm. After what seemed like eternity, I collapsed on her and started slowling kissing her neck and firm tits.

I then rolled over off of her, and laid next to her on my back. She rolled over onto her side, and laid her head on my chest. "God, why couldn't I have met you long ago," she said. "Well, there can be many more nights like this when you move in." She smiled and slowly faded into a deep sleep. I kissed her forehead, and also faded out.

This was my first story ever. I hope you like it. Please leave me feedback!!!! Whether it be good or bad!!!!