 Chapter 1

I met Lee Anne in a "BBW over 40" chat room about three months ago. Our conversations had started innocently enough. Age, jobs, likes, dislikes. 

As we became more familiar with each other we delved deeper. I found out that she had been divorced for three years and had three grown children. I even knew that she lived about 45 miles away in Jersey. 

We had normal everyday conversations and grew to enjoy each other's company immensely.

About a month ago, our lives changed drastically. I honestly can't remember the specific conversation we were having. Pets, movies, politics, favorite desserts. Who knows and who cares? 

I looked down at my screen and read, "You know, talking to you makes my pussy soooooo wet. Do you mind if I use my vibrator while we talk?"

Well I've heard the term "You could have bowled me over with a feather" before, but I never understood precisely what it meant until that very moment. My stomach jumped. The blood rushed to my head. My cock felt like an iron bar trying to rip through my jeans. It was so hard it hurt.

Thank goodness I didn't have to try to speak. My throat was practically closed in my excitement and surprise. I typed in my response.

"My cock votes 'yes' and the rest of me agrees wholeheartedly. You'll have to excuse me a moment though. I have to take these jeans off before my cock breaks in two".

"You do that hon. Mine are already off and my vibrator feels so good against my clit. I want you to stroke your cock until you cum for me. Just let me know when you're about to cum".

I didn't need any further suggestions. My cockhead was a deep, threatening purple and pulsed rapidly in my hand. Precum was streaming from the slit, coating the head and shaft with hot, slippery, juice. My hand slid swiftly up and down the shaft, squeezing my cockhead with each stroke.

My mind pictured her vibrator sliding between the lips of her pussy. One hand squeezing her breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples. She was saying nothing. My mind was left to wander over every conceivable thing that she could be doing. 

Was she tasting the vibrator like I wanted to taste her? Was the vibrator being pushed deep into her pussy? Was it as deep as I wanted to be? What was she doing? What did I want to be doing to her? It was maddening but extremely exhilarating.

My hand flew. The precum had lubricated me so well that it felt like K-Y. Still it seeped out of my cockslit. My penis was bucking and I could feel the cum welling up in my balls. It would all be over shortly. There was no stopping it now. 

I typed, "I'm about to cum".

"Oh yes darling. I have a dildo jammed into my pussy. My vibrator is driving me wild. I want to cum on your cock! I'm cumming on my dildo!! OH MY GOD!!! IT FEELS SO GOOD CUMMING ON YOUR COCK. FUCK ME WITH YOUR COCK!! FILL ME WITH YOUR CUM!!! PAINT THE WALLS OF MY PUSSY WITH YOUR SPERM!!!! OH OH OH OH OH YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!"

And that was it. I couldn't take it anymore. My first shot of cum arced up to my chin, hanging awkwardly from my beard. The second and third shots spurted onto my belly. I immediately began to massage the hot liquid into my skin, imagining it was her hands massaging me. 

The fourth and fifth shots spurted and dribbled onto my hand. My hand continued to furiously stroke my still rock-hard cock. My cockhead was electric with sensitivity, and each stroke caused it to jump and exude more cum.

My heart was pounding and my breathing was rapid and shallow. I didn't want this feeling to end. I had to have this woman. I had to hold her in my arms. Had to feel her skin against mine. Had to feel my cock deep inside of her, where it was meant to be.

"Thank you sweetheart. My vibrator will keep me company until we talk again. Here's my phone number. I'd love to hear your voice as you cum for me".

Then she was gone.

I hated to see her go but I was really tired. The excitement and power within this change in our relationship had completely drained me. I needed to clean up and go to bed. Tomorrow is another day and, oh my god, what a day it was going to be!!

CHAPTER 2

My chat with Lee Anne had ended and I headed off to bed. As I lay there, my thoughts couldn't leave our chat room conversation. Had it really happened? Was she really that hot?

I pictured the dildo pounding into her pussy as the vibrator massaged her wet swollen clit. I thought about her sitting in front of her computer screen. The dildo, the vibrator, her hands, wet and slick with her juices. Her orgasm welling up as she waited for me to cum for her.

My cock was rockhard again. I was fucking her. My hands grasping and squeezing her ass as I pounded my cock deep inside of her pussy. I wanted to fill her. I wanted to feel the muscles of her pussy squeezing my cock as she orgasmed.

My cock was driving in and out, the shaft massaging her clit as I drove her into my bed. She was so hot, so soft, so wonderful. I had to cum in her. I had to feel my seed blasting the walls of her pussy. I had to do it! HERE IT COMES!!!

Suddenly I woke up, but it was too late. I was driving my cock into my pillow. Fucking it like I wanted to fuck her. Shot after shot of cum burst from my cock onto my pillowcase. I didn't care. For now, for this moment, my pillow was Lee Anne. I would paint the walls of her pussy with sperm, just like she asked.

She was filled. I could feel my cum, mixed with her juices, dripping from her slit. My body bucked in contentment as I fell back to sleep. The pillow, her, pressed firmly against my cock.

CHAPTER 3

Lee Anne had me. Not only "hook, line, and sinker", but rod, reel, boat, and 3 and ½ nautical miles of water. I was obsessed. A healthy obsession. One that would eventually result in gallons of cum, but first I HAD to talk to her. I had to hear her voice and know for sure that she was real, and I wasn't dreaming.

That night I waited for her in the chat room. I sat naked in front of my keyboard, already gently stroking my cock. I knew exactly what I wanted to say. I knew exactly what I wanted to hear.

Suddenly her screen name popped up. Before I could begin to type, a message came across my screen. "Call me. RIGHT NOW!!!"

It wasn't what I expected. Was something wrong? Talk about throwing cold water onto that fire! 

I picked up the paper where I had jotted down her number from last night, and ran to my phone. The phone didn't even ring one full time before she picked it up.

"I just wanted you to hear me cum for you my darling", she panted into the phone. "I'm so wet. My dildo is so wet. You've been fucking me over and over again. I love it when you fuck me!"

She must have put the phone next to her pussy. I could hear the wet, squishing sound as the dildo slid in and out of her. The buzzing of her vibrator changed in pitch as it softly touched her skin and then, was pressed against her flesh.

"Fuck me Don. Fuck my pussy. Fuck me hard. Oh my god! Fuck me harder!! Make me cum all over YOUR HOT, HARD COCK!!!" Her voice was reaching fever pitch. I'd never heard anything like it. The squishing sounds were becoming more frequent. Not nearly as loud though as the dildo slid in and out of the ever increasing wetness of her sex.

"I want to cum for you. I want to cum on you. I want to feel you. I want to feel your cock. Fuck me. Oh please fuck me Don! Fuck me! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!!! FUCCK MEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!

The orgasm had control of her now. The buzzing of the vibrator abruptly ceased when she apparently dropped it. I imagined her fingers massaging her clit, controlling exactly how much pressure and movement she could endure. 

The phone must have fallen to the floor as well. The sounds now seemed more distant and muffled. I couldn't hear the dildo movement. I could see her in my mind's eye. Dildo clamped tightly in place and she bucked and shivered through her orgasm.

"OH god how I love it!!! OHHHHH!!" I could hear her gasping for breath, and occasionally, sighing as post-orgasmic thrills coursed through her body.

Finally I could hear her searching for the phone.

She was catching her breath as she breathed into the phone, "Thank you honey. I needed that a lot! How about you? Would you like to cum for me?"

I hadn't had a chance to touch myself, but a pool of hot, white, sticky cum lay on the floor in front of me. It told the whole story. She owned me. Her every wish was my command. She was going to drain every last drop of semen from my body, and I would love every moment of it.

I made the decision right then and there. No more wasted cum. It was hers. It would be in her mouth, in her pussy, and in her ass. I wasn't just going to paint the walls of her pussy with sperm. Every inch of her body would get some sooner of later!! 

"Not right now Lee Anne", I said calmly. "Tell me how to get to your house".

CHAPTER 4

I quickly showered and put on clean jeans and a short sleeved button-down shirt. I knew the area where she lived, but not the development. In any event the directions seemed relatively easy to follow. About an hour from now I would be in Lee Anne heaven.

As I drove along the interstate I thought about everything that had transpired since yesterday. My life had changed dramatically. The most adventurous I had been prior to this was, the "missionary position", and I had to practically beg that from my ex. Here I was, heading down the highway to who knows what. I realized that no matter what it was, it was going to be one of the most exciting times of my life.

How had this happened? She is 52 and I am 49. For two months we had talked in an internet chat room. We discussed TV shows, wok cooking, and the great, "which is better, puppies or kittens" debate. The closest we ever came to sex talk was once when she told me I had "cute knees". (She was looking at a photograph I had e-mailed to her).

In the course of the last twenty-four hours we went from, 'I wonder what ever happened to that Saint Who-za-ma-what-zit hospital show?', to dildos, vibrators, and several tablespoons of sperm in my pillowcase. I didn't know what was happening, but I felt real good about it. This woman was lusting after me like no woman had ever done and, I had to admit, I was lusting after her the same way.

As I drove, I undid my belt and unzipped my jeans. I hadn't worn briefs as I didn't want to waste time taking off clothing when I got to her home. I slowly stroked my cock thinking about the phone conversation. She was so hot, and her voice exuded a sexual excitement that I just had to have more of.

My cock felt like a red-hot iron bar in my hand. The length engorged with blood making the tip appear almost black in the dim light of my car. I stroked it, but I had no intention of cumming, my sperm was hers to have and enjoy.

My reverie was broken by the flashing of lights in my rearview mirror, and the brief "WHIRRRP" of the siren in the car behind me. Oh shit! This was not the time to be dealing with a tired and annoyed state trooper.

I pulled off to the side of the road and applied my flashers. I couldn't fix my pants, and my cock was giving me no signs of wanting to shrink. I grabbed a towel from the passenger seat, and tossed it across my lap. I then turned on my interior lights, rolled my window down, and placed my hands out the window with the palms back, facing the approaching officer.

I could hear the officer approaching and then, was momentarily blinded when the flashlight beam was placed on my face. What I heard then scared the hell out of me.

"Good evening sir. May I see your license and registration please".

This was no tired and annoyed state trooper that was going to take his time writing the ticket, keeping me away from my Lee Anne. This was a woman's voice. This can't be happening!!

As I handed her my ID I saw it in all its widescreen cinematic glory. Me, attempting to explain to my lawyer why I was driving down the road with a full erection, complete with precum, and then exposing it to my arresting female officer. Was I going to be the bride or the groom in the 10x10 cell they were going to throw me into? Who would they get to play my part in the made-for-TV movie?

"Mr. Stone? Where did you learn to do that?", she asked.

"Excuse me?"

"With your hands. Are you a police officer?"

At first I wasn't sure what she meant. "Police officers masturbate as they drive down the highway?", I mused. Then I realized that she meant. Placing my hands out the window.

"My neighbor and my cousin are both police officers. They've always advised me that the best way to deal with an approaching officer is, to relieve some of the stress and apprehension they may have as they approach a vehicle. During the day I place my hands out the window. At night I place them palms up on my steering wheel, and I ensure that the dome light is on".

"That's very good Mr. Stone, but it is night, and your hands are out the window. Why didn't you place them on the steering wheel?"

I could see the police training kicking into gear. She stepped slightly back away from the car door and her flashlight beam did a quick sweep of the interior of my car.

"What is that you have on your lap sir?"

"It's a towel", I said as I started to reach down towards it.

"DON'T REACH FOR IT SIR!", she ordered. Her gun came out of holster so fast that I started planning my exact speech for the pearly gates.

"Officer. This isn't what it seems. This is actually somewhat embarassing".

Her gun was leveled at me as she stepped towards the door. She yanked the car door open.

"Keep your hands up and exit the vehicle quickly!!".

This was it. Would friends bring me a file in a pie? Would my artwork and short stories sell off of the prison website? Would neighbors always look at me strangely when I was posted on the sex offenders website? This was not going to be pretty.

I stepped out of the car and stood up. The towel dropped to the ground. Thank god for small favors. The fear and apprehension of our encounter had caused me to shrink. Still my cock and balls were clearly exposed, and with my belt loosened, my jeans were slowly sliding down my legs.

Her flashlight beam swept down to my crotch and I heard the audible gasp.

"What the hell do you think you are doing? Pull your pants up!!."

She didn't have to say, "you pervert". I could hear it in the tone of her voice.

When I hitched up my jeans she ordered me to the passenger side of my car. I was ordered to place my hands on the top of the car and to spread my legs. She performed a quick pat-down search, and then hand-cuffed me. She then started to lead me back to her squad car.

"Officer please", I begged. "This is a huge misunderstanding. Let me tell you what's going on. If you still want to arrest me then, so be it, but I really have to get somewhere, real soon."

There was virtual loathing in her voice. "Make it real quick and it better be the truth".

I figured there was no sense in beating around the bush. (Excuse the pun). I told her everything. How we met. The chat room conversation. My interlude with my bed pillow. My phone conversation with Lee Anne, and why my cock was exposed in my car when she stopped me. When I was done I expected the worse. Maybe a summary execution. A severe nightstick beating at best.

The officer was anything but mad though. Her mouth was slightly open and her breathing was rapid and shallow. I knew that look. She was excited. Maybe I had a chance.

The officer licked her lips and then ordered me to turn around. She undid my hancuffs.

"Mr. Stone? May I call you Don?"

I nodded.

"Don. I'm not going to keep you. You have had one night of hell, and it sounds like a hell of a night ahead of you". Thank you for that story". She then handed me a business card.

"My name is Adelaide". She stepped forward towards me. She reached down and quickly cupped my crotch with her hand and gave it a quick squeeze. "You give her some for me. If it doesn't work out," her hand slowly withdrew from my crotch, sliding upward the length of my now rapidly hardening shaft, "you give me a call".

As I started to drive off from the traffic stop I remembered a girl I knew back in high school. "I'd a laid. You'd a laid. We'd a laid. Adelaide." I hoped they'd both have as good an evening as I planned on having.

Chapter 5

I followed the directions she had given me. Off of the interstate at the exit. Three lights and left into her development. I spotted the house immediately, just as she had described it. Nice little rancher. Two car garage. Well kept lawn with trimmed azaleas and rhodos. I could tell that she took great pride in the appearance of her home.

I pulled into the driveway next to a metallic green SUV. There was a child booster seat in the back and a "Proud Grandma" bumper sticker on the back bumper. I remembered the number of times we had spoken of her grandson, Jason.

I had to admit that I was somewhat concerned over whether I had moved too fast on this before I got here. I could be walking into a cult of who knows what. People who got their jollies off dragging unsuspecting men out to remote locations, painting them in multi-colors, and then hanging them in front of City Hall. Or even worse.

But everything was exactly as she had said it would be. Suburban grandmother. Not only that, one who was waiting for me to come to the door. One that had been kept waiting by my inattention on the road.

Every nerve in my body was on high alert as I approached the door. Was I doing the right thing? Was I going to meet her expectations? Was there a gang of crazed painters waiting to hang me up at City Hall? It was now or never.

I rang the doorbell.

When the door opened I forgot about winning lottery tickets and magazine contest checks. My wish was right in front me. Lee Anne was stark naked.

She stood about 5'6" tall and weighed 220 to 230 lbs. Everything on her body exactly where it was meant to be, as I had dreamed it to be. Her hair dropped to just above the shoulder. Dark, smoldering, coffee colored eyes and a radiant smile.

As my eyes traveled down her body I noted her nipples standing hard and proud on a delectable pair of breasts. Not overly large. Proportionate to her size. Her large hips perfectly framed a well trimmed triangle of dark hair. 

My eyes froze here when I saw how wet she was. The hair was so wet and matted that it appeared to have straightened the curl out of it. The lips of her pussy were deep red, fully engorged with blood. This was a pussy that was fully aroused and ready for anything.

It was too late for rational thought. I don't even think I said "Hi". The male animal in me simply took over. Fortunately the entrance foyer was carpeted. I stepped forward pulling her into my arms and locked my lips against hers. I pulled her down to the carpet as we kissed.

My hands had a mind of their own, and I think my hands had lost their mind. My hands were travelling everywhere. One moment to her head to kiss her as deeply and hard as I could. The next to her back to pull her tighter against me. The next to her ass to pull her hot, wetness against my bucking and probing groin. My hands where everywhere. They wanted to touch every inch of her.

I was truly a kid in a candy store and I didn't know what to do next. Not that I had to worry. Her hands were tearing at the buttons of my shirt and had loosened my belt, unzipped my fly, and grasped my cock.

I thought no one could be more possessed than I, until I realized that nothing would satisfy her until I was as naked as she.

I broke off our kiss and finished removing my clothes, with her assistance. It didn't take long. If she could have ripped them from my body they would be strips of shredded cloth.

I started to speak but she said, "No. Not a word. Nothing. Just fuck me. I have to have you inside of me right now or I will explode. Right Now! FUCK ME!!"
