 I grasp at the sheets on both sides of my body as I lie in total isolation from the world outside My mind is in a place of void, only thinking of him. The curtains do not move, even though the window is open. The humidity is thick and heavy on my body, as if he were already on top of me, suffocating me with his muscular weight. I could have turned on the Central Air, but a modern convenience may intrude on his calling on me. Staring at the ceiling, my breathing is dense, nothing but the sounds of my heartbeat and the song "Unbound" by Robbie Robertson playing in my ears. He likes that song. I programmed the CD player on repeat so it will just play over and over again. I will wait patiently until he arrives. He will come. He always does. My eyes falter and slowly close.

I am startled out of sleep by his stare. His eyes gaze upon me with such wanton ferocity that not even the deepest of slumber is defense enough. I sit up in bed, my tank top moist with perspiration. My eyes cannot adjust to the darkness that quickly, but I feel him there. I see his outline in the lounge chair located between the two windows that meet in the corner of my bedroom. His legs are crossed. He strikes a match with his thumb and ignites the end of the cigarette dangling from his lips. I can see he is, as usual, wearing all black.

"You are here."

"Did you expect otherwise?" He replied after exhaling and abundance of smoke. His voice seared my soul with an uninhibited heat I had never felt before. My underwear joined my tank top in dampness, but not of perspiration. How could nothing more than a voice have that consequence?

"No, I did not."

"You are playing our song."

"As you wished..."

"As I instructed."

"Yes, as you instructed."

"What else should I instruct you to do, or do you already know the answer to that?"

I knew the answer. It was in the tone of that voice. I cautiously slid to the end of my bed and placed my bare feet on the hardwood floor beneath. It felt cool to the touch, the rest of my body on fire. The shoes were where I had placed them before climbing into bed earlier. I picked up one foot and slid it gingerly into the four and a half-inch-heeled "porn pumps" that occupied the space. Then, the other. I leaned forward and buckled each ankle strap. Sitting upright again, I spread my legs apart as I peeled the tank top from my damp body.

"Now show me."

My breasts were exposed, the curves of my cleavage shadowed from the faint orange street light glowing from a half of a block away. Before him, I would have been disconcerted with my body and all of my perceived imperfections, even in this faint light. Since him, I was not embarrassed of my curves, but aroused. I sat as erect as possible, licked my fingertips and slid my hands down to their corresponding nipples. I pinched and rolled them between my fingers. I could feel the arousal heightening inside my body. He liked to watch, and I liked him watching. I held his eye contact as I leaned my head forward and took one of the rock hard nipples in between my own teeth. "Ample" had an advantage in this situation. I flicked my tongue back and forth as he slowly took another drag off of the cigarette. After moments of breast gratification, I let my hands glide down into the top my underwear and I slide them quickly off of my body, lifting my bottom ever so slightly to accommodate this action.

My body tingled with every touch of my own hands. I broke my beloved eye contact and let my close as I slowly slid one finger at a time into myself, ending at three. I heard movement from his direction. I dare not open my eyes or lift my head. He forbade it. As instructed, I continued to slide my fingers in and out of my womanhood until I sensed he was nude. My breath became labored with each push in and withdraw out, but no moans escaped my throat. With the accurate perception of disrobing completed, I lifted my head and saw his naked body appear from the back illuminated corner he had previously occupied. His naked body came closer to me. I closed my legs. The heels made a distinguishable click on the floor. He stopped less than a foot in front of me. He dropped to his knees silently. I felt his hands on the damp flesh of my smooth thighs. He spread my legs apart slowly with his hands until my legs would go no further, my most feminine of regions exposed fully for his taking. 

It had become ceremony for this "man of the darkness" to come in from my unlocked front door and have me this way. Our names never passed from our lips to each other. I had forgotten weeks ago one night, in a moment of exhaustion, to lock the front door before I went to bed. I awoke to find him sitting in the plush lounge chair, smoking a cigarette. I was terrified and he sensed it. He had told me he would leave at that moment if I did not want him there. He had told me that he would not lay one hand upon my body unless I wanted him to. He was not there to rape me, or to murder me, but to satisfy me, if I chose to have him. The only stipulation was that if I said yes to him, I would do as instructed, and never question him as to his directives, the penance for doing so was his absence from my life from that point on, with no chance of redemption. I agreed willingly, true lust and satisfaction my only motivation.

He touched the outside of my vaginal lips upwards and down with his hands. He brought me to the edge of climax, and stopped. He liked teasing me this way. I wanted him so desperately inside of me at that moment, but I knew it would come, all in due time.

I felt his hands slowly moving up towards my shoulders. He implied enough incentive in his touch that I willingly fell backwards flat onto the bed. He took my legs in each hand, closed them, and applied enough force to turn me over onto my stomach. He put those masculine hands onto my hips and pulled backwards, lifting my ass into the air. I buried my face into my mattress and moaned ever so slightly. 

"Do it for me." His wish was my command.

I took my right hand and slid it back down to my hungry femininity. Again, three of my fingers slid in and out of my body while he watched no more than inches away. The sound of wetness echoed over the music in my head as I quickened the pace until he slid a hand between my legs from behind, silently instructing me to stop before I came. I was more than eager to have him inside of me. 

He knelt behind me and leaned forward against my back. He placed his cock outside my entrance without penetrating. The warmth of his body made it impossible to wait any longer. I swear I heard him smile. I grabbed his shaft and placed the tip inside just a little, hinting as to what I wanted. He pressed in and went as far as our bodies allowed, which was to his base. I cried out in sheer ecstasy as the slight pain of his length and girth sent me straight to the edge of losing my mind. His hands gripped my hips as he slid back out and drove back in, delivering me to the point of senselessness his hot, deep strokes. I liked this and I never wanted it to end. I slid my hand down to my sweet honey pot and started stoking my clit fiercely as he pounded harder and harder. I bit into my bottom lip and screamed out at the top of my lungs as I came with a potency rivaled to nothing that I had ever experienced before. I impaled myself back onto him as waves of burning pleasure surged through my body from head to toe, and back again. 

We continued for hours, his duration legend-like. He left no part of my body untouched. We went from him behind, to him on top; him sitting with me straddling him to standing up against the door. We finished on the hardwood floor, with his animal-like orgasm, a growl rising deep from his throat, in-sync with my ninth. Our bodies covered in sweat from head to toe, he rose from the floor. He walked over to the chair and lit another cigarette. I rose off the floor, walked over to him and took it from his hand, claiming it as my own post-coital reward.

"You do like the man of the darkness, don't you, Baby?"

I smiled at him and giggled.

"That's why you married me. Darling. I am willing to do anything you desire when it comes to your fantasies."

The End