 Mandy watched the luggage handlers scurrying around on the tarmac, like ants pursuing unknown goals in a frantic hurry. She leaned forward, closer to the window, her weight supported across her thighs against the rail as she took a picture to capture the memory.

Jack looked up from where he was working on his laptop in the departure lounge. There in front of him was a vision that he doubted that he'd forget in a hurry. A slim young girl with a nice curve to her hip was standing looking out the window in front of him. She was wearing figure-hugging track pants that beautifully accented the shape of her bottom. As he admired the view, she took out a camera and leaned out over the rail. The action brought her buttocks together, lifting and squeezing as she supported her weight. Jack felt movement beneath the laptop as his body reacted to the view.

He continued to watch as she turned, putting the camera away and walking past to take a seat over behind him somewhere. She was wearing a waist length denim jacket, unzipped, over a white t-shirt that hugged her breasts. Her hair was brown, cropped just above the shoulder and framed a truly stunning face. Jack was in lust.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, flight QF769 to Melbourne is now boarding. To assist us in this process, could those persons with seat numbers higher than 21 please board the aircraft now, remaining passengers will be called shortly," came the announcement over the loudspeaker. 

Jack checked his boarding pass. C9. He waited, packing up his laptop and keeping an eye on the queue, looking for the stunning young girl to see if he would get a clue as to where she was sitting ... if indeed she was actually flying on this plane.

"All remaining passengers may now board the aircraft," came the second announcement. Jack stood up. There was no sign of her so far and he sighed as he joined the queue to get on board. Every time he flew he hoped that he'd be stuck next to some gorgeous young girl, fantasising about chatting and striking a chord and ending up in bed at a hotel at the other end of the flight. "Oh well," he thought, just another fantasy.

He dropped his book onto the vacant middle seat, noting that there was a guy already in the window seat before he stashed his laptop in the over-head locker. He sat down, buckled the seat belt and picked his book up, commencing to read as he surveyed the passengers that continued to board. 

It appeared as though everyone was on the plane and Jack was now immersed in the story of his book when the very last passenger made her way down the aisle. Jack nearly missed her, spotting movement only when she was alongside his seat. He turned to look, and found that perfect arse wending its way down the aisle away from him, to take up a seat further down the plane.

Mandy scanned the passengers that were all seated as she boarded the plane. She hated having to wait for people to stow their luggage whilst she was trapped, standing in the aisle and always waited until the very last second to get on board. It was habit for her to look and see if there was anyone that she knew as she moved to her seat, but as was usual, there was no one that she recognised. She did note a particularly cute guy though, his head in a book. She was sure that he'd look up and had a smile ready for him, but he must have been too absorbed and so the smile was put away for another occasion.

Jack left the aircraft after the flight, having read most of the way, stopping only occasionally to close his eyes and embed the image of the black-clad butt that he'd been fixated on since it had clenched in front of him in the departure lounge. "Strange," he thought to himself, "how that one small movement had fixed so indelibly in his mind and stirred his passion so."

He walked slowly from the gate to the baggage carousel, knowing that he had to meet people from interstate who were flying in later and that he wasn't in a rush.

Mandy strode purposefully through the terminal, eager to get on with the day. As she advanced through the crowd, she spotted the guy whom she'd been about to smile at as she boarded. She moved up close behind him, eyeing off his butt, his suit pants hugging it nicely, his jacket folded over one arm, his laptop over the shoulder of the other. She moved past him, sighing, wondering whether there'd be any opportunity for a bit of fun on this trip.

Jack looked up as the crowd moved past him in a buzz of mobile phone conversations, everyone seeming to be listening to messages or starting their day as they ended their brief disconnect from the modern world on their flights. As he watched, the cute girl from his flight moved past. He found himself increasing his pace to stay a metre or two behind her, his eyes relishing the sight of her butt as she moved quickly through the terminal. She glanced back at him, making eye contact. She smiled and Jack found himself grinning almost maniacally back, so surprised was he that she'd turned to look in his direction. She quickly turned away again and he continued to follow her at the same distance, fantasies becoming enhanced in his mind already. He stood off to one side and behind her as they awaited their luggage.

Mandy collected her luggage and left, glancing back, trying to spot the guy one last time, despite the embarrassment of having been busted when she'd done so in the concourse. She failed to spot him though and went to grab her taxi.

Jack had one eye on her and the other on the carousel, but in the moment that he spotted his luggage and moved to collect it, he lost her. He cast his gaze desperately around and found her, just as she was departing the terminal. He sighed again. Oh well, she was a fleeting and yet most welcome distraction in his day. He would simply have to work on her memory, to try not to lose the pleasure that her simple movement this morning had started.

Mandy closed the door of her hotel room and set her things down. Then she peeled off the jacket, skirt and blouse that she'd changed into after arriving that morning and flopped on the bed in her bra and panties, turning on the TV. There was nothing of interest and so she decided to go and grab some dinner before returning to the hotel. She pulled on a pair of jeans that she knew showed off her butt and a nice fitted blouse before grabbing the jacket she'd worn over on the plane and heading out to dinner.

Having hurriedly dined alone, Mandy decided that a spa would help release the tension of the day and returned to the hotel. She changed yet again, laughing at herself for having done so so many times already today. This time, she pulled on a royal blue bikini with a white trim around the seams. She pulled a bathrobe over the top of it, grabbed a towel and headed for the atrium.

Mandy found the switch for the spa and turned on the jets and bubbles before lowering herself into the warm water. It was a good sized spa, obviously designed for a lot of people and she enjoyed having the room to float and move around in it as it pleased her, the whole atrium area being free of anyone else.

As she relaxed, she reflected on her day, finding pleasure in the memories of the cute guy that she'd seen that morning. As her thoughts turned to fancy, she found herself getting aroused and moved so that she could feel one of the spa's powerful jets against her pussy. She sighed as she felt pleasure begin to build under the jet's massage. She was facing away from the door, keeping an eye on the reflection in the window opposite, just in case someone else did decide to come into the room.

Jack finished his meal and retired to his room, watching the TV, flipping channels and finding nothing of interest. He decided that since there was little to do, he may as well get some exercise. He changed into a pair of shorts, a daggy old t-shirt and his runners, and then headed for the atrium and the treadmill.

Jack opened the door to the atrium with his passkey and moved inside, surprised to see that there was a woman in the spa. He hated the things, especially when they were in communal facilities like this (who knew what went on in them!) and he moved to his right to go through to where the treadmill was.

The gym area was separated from the spa by a glass wall and there was a TV in the corner to keep would-be fitness buffs entertained as they worked out. As he flicked through the channels and warmed up, he glanced back over to the left at the spa. The woman had moved now and she was facing away from him. He was a bit disappointed because from what he could see of her shoulders and upper back, it promised an enticing figure.

Mandy sighed as she moved to keep her back to the guy. She'd been going so well on her own. The jet had been doing its job nicely and just when she thought she might have been able to go all the way to her orgasm, the door had opened, nearly making her jump out of the water. In her haste to compose herself, she'd not seen the who the guy was but decided to keep herself to herself, just happy that he'd not come up here to have a spa.

Jack alternated between watching delightful images of Sharapova at Wimbledon (though with the sound down so as not to put him off) and sneaking glances back to the spa, trying to see if its occupant was as delightful as his mind was starting to make her out to be.

Eventually, Mandy decided that she'd have to go back to her room in order to complete her pleasure because she simply wasn't going to be able to get herself off in here. "Unless he's actually really cute," she thought to herself, turning finally to see what he looked like. 

He was watching the TV, though she couldn't see what it was that he was watching. He seemed to be running at a good pace and his legs shone with a sheen of sweat from his efforts. They were well proportioned and certainly attractive, she decided. It was a bit hard to determine how the upper body was as he was wearing a baggy old t-shirt, but at least there wasn't a beer-gut bouncing around under it. As her gaze moved up to meet his face, he turned to look at her.

Jack turned to inspect the girl in the spa again. He nearly stumbled when he found her looking at him and met her gaze. It was the girl from the airport, he was sure! Her hair was slicked back now, but there was no way he would forget that gorgeous face. He quickly went back to watching the TV, trying not to stare too much, but now finding himself more and more often turning to see what he could of her.

Mandy nearly died of shock as she met the guy's gaze. It was the guy from the airport. She found her body reacting with desire, surprised, but attributing it to the fact that she'd just been fantasizing about him and on the verge of cumming at that!

For the next 15 minutes, the two of the exchanged surreptitious glances, each trying to watch the other without being spotted. Mandy found it was starting to drive her nuts. She was finding the bubbles annoying now and decided that it was time just to enjoy the water. She climbed from the spa to turn off the bubbles at the switch over on the wall. 

"Who designs things like this? Its stupid," she thought to herself as she crossed the room, aware of the eyes that were now following her like a hound on a scent.

Jack sighed with disappointment as the girl moved from the water, but was cheered when he realised that unlike his presumption, she wasn't actually leaving. He eyed her up and down, finding nothing but perfection, his new assessment only enhancing that which he had made earlier in the morning.

Mandy lazed around, wanting desperately to have the jet aimed between her legs again, but not willing to do so in front of this stranger and yet enjoying the fact that he kept looking over at her, knowing that he could see her entire body now. For some reason she was finding it exhilarating to be observed like this, from behind the safety of a glass partition.

Eventually she looked at her hands and, noting that her fingers were well and truly 'pruned', she decided that it was time for her to depart and enjoy some solo pleasure in her room. 

She stood from the water and went into the shower area to rinse off. Under the stream of water, she fantasized about the guy from the treadmill walking in naked, ripping off her bikini and taking her right there under the jet of water. She sighed, "So easy to fantasize about and so hard to go through with anything," she thought.

Horny, frustrated and excited, Mandy decided to do something outrageous, something she could laugh about and tell the girls back home. She removed her bikini top and clutching it in one hand, pulled the robe together with the other and then left the shower area. She moved up alongside the spa and waited for the moment that the runner would look her way. As he did so, she ripped apart the robe, exposing her naked breasts to him.

Jack looked up as he caught movement out the corner of his eye. She had come out of the shower area, dressed. "Damn," he thought, "I guess that this really will be the last that I see of her." And as such, he took the liberty of staring openly at what he could see of her perfection. As he looked though, she didn't turn to leave. Instead, she pulled open her robe and flashed her breasts at him!

He was so surprised that his next step was misplaced and he crashed to mat of the treadmill, a tangle of arms, legs and machine.

Mandy watched, horrified as the guy, appearing to move in slow motion, missed his step and went crashing to the floor. She snapped the robe shut and ran inside, arriving as he began to disentangle himself, hitting the stop button for him.

"I'm so sorry, I just meant to give you a thrill and leave, you weren't supposed to fall," Mandy blurted out.

"Its ok, I don't think" there's any permanent damage, Jack said from his prostrate position upon the floor.

Mandy held the robe closed with one hand and offered her other to help him from the ground. Jack took it and stood, his eyes seeking a way beneath the robe, wishing he could confirm his belief regarding the perfection of Mandy's breasts established in those brief moments before his fall.

"God, how embarrassing," Mandy said as Jack checked himself over.

"Well, It serves me right for not concentrating," Jack laughed. 

"Well, if you're ok, I'll leave you to it, sorry again."

"Oh don't be sorry, if I got to see something as perfect as that every time I fell over, I would happily become a bruised and bloodied pulp upon the sidewalk of life." Mandy blushed and moved from the room. Jack grabbed his towel to follow her.

"You don't have to stop on my account," Mandy said as she moved from the room to where the lift waited.

"Oh I think I've had about all I can handle tonight," Jack said amiably, grinning as he too moved to wait for the lift. 

They got in together, Mandy mortified, Jack trying to find a way to see this vision again. Mary pushed the button for the 9th floor and Jack the 4th.

"I'm Jack by the way," he said, offering his hand to her.

"Mandy," she replied quietly, wishing that the ride would end and she could move on from her embarrassment.

The lift stopped and the door opened. Mandy left. The door started to close when Jack jumped out. "Wait," he called, desperation driving him where courage had failed. 

"I don't suppose you'd like a drink would you?"

Mandy turned back to the lift, her eyes assessing him again. Nope, there was no reason, other than her having flashed her breasts at him as to why she shouldn't get to know this guy a little better.

"Actually, I would," she replied regaining composure and desire just as Jack was about to give up and return to the lift. 

"Meet you in the bar?"

"How about I come past your room?" Mandy asked.

"Great, its number 415," Jack said, his cock swelling at the thought of simply seeing her again.

"Give me twenty minutes," Mandy said, turning to go to her own room. Inside, she heaved a great tension-relieving sigh. Was she really going to go through with this? Yes! Time to do something outrageous, even more so that her flashing attempt upstairs, she decided. After all, the guy was gorgeous!

She looked through her clothes for something to wear. Did she really want to go out? She decided that no, she didn't. What she really wanted was a quiet drink and a great screw. She pulled on a pair of hot pink cotton panties and dragged on her black pants. She looked for a top and settled for the white t-shirt that she'd had on this morning, not bothering with a bra.

Checking herself in the mirror, she liked what she saw. Her nipples were like diamonds poking at the fabric of her top and she ran her fingers around them, turning herself on before grabbing a towel to dry her hair. With that done, she sprayed on a bit of scent and hesitated before the door. "Not too late to pull out," she thought.

Jack hurriedly showered and cleaned the mess from his room before dressing in a pair of jeans and a shirt to await his drink with Mandy. He was just starting to think that he'd been stood up when he heard the knock on the door. He struggled to avoid breaking several laws of physics with the speed at which he reached the door, settling for a controlled, hopefully not too eager approach.

The door swung inwards and Mandy took in the sight before her, pleased. Jack wasn't quite so sure. She didn't look like she was dressed to go out for a drink. "Well at least she's come to tell me in person," he thought, his disappointment starting to sap his spirit.

"I decided that since the bar is being renovated we might be better off in your room." Mandy said, reading his face and wanting to avert the wrong conclusion.

"Oh! Right! Come on in," Jack blurted. 

"Oh yeah, that was smooth," he admonished, mentally kicking himself.

Mandy quickly surveyed the room, pleased that he'd apparently made some effort to clean up any mess that might have been here prior to her arrival.

"So what can I get you to drink?" Jack asked.

"Vodka and lemon." Jack moved to the mini bar and sorted the drink, pouring himself a scotch and dry. They settled on the two chairs in the room, the tennis on the TV as they made small talk, establishing what had brought them both to Melbourne (business) and what industries they worked in.

A couple of drinks later, Mandy was wondering if he was ever going to make a move and Jack was trying to come up with a nice way of asking Mandy if she wanted sex. Eventually, Mandy gave up, deciding that if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.

"This is probably going to sound lame and probably less believable because I've said that much but I'll say it anyway, I don't usually do this, but tonight I'm making an exception," and she stood and walked over to Jack's chair, dropping down into his lap. She took his face in her hands and kissed him, tentatively at first, then more passionately as his tongue darted out to meet hers. She dropped one hand to his crotch, feeling his erection swelling as she rubbed her hand back and forth. 

Jack responded to the kiss and touch, his hand reaching up to gently fondle her breast through the t-shirt. He'd noted very early on in her appearance that she'd not been wearing a bra and the way her nipples were sticking out, he'd done everything but put his eye out in an effort not to stare at them.

Mandy's hands moved to the buckle of Jack's belt, starting to free him and Jack moved his hand inside her t-shirt, wondering at the smooth skin of her breast as his fingers danced over its surface before cupping it, the nipple spearing into the palm of his hand.

Mandy had the belt undone and wanted his pants off, She stood up, breaking their kiss. She pulled her t-shirt off over her head and pulled Jack to his feet, his eyes glued to the revelation of her chest. He reached out and took a breast in each hand, caressing and manipulating them as Mandy stepped close enough for another kiss, her hands working his jeans off of his hips. She pushed them down, dragging them down his legs, breaking their kiss and the contact of his hands on her breasts.
