 As soon as I stepped into the room, I knew this was going to be one hell of a night. I had been prepped on what to expect, but I still wasn't prepared for this. Where had these people been hiding? This was certainly not your normal crowd. 

The men moved with the grace and dignity of the ancestors, and the women seemed to float on mid-air. All the beauty in the room was nearly too much for me to handle. For a moment, I began to question if I even belonged.

After scanning the room in amazement, I decided to find the ladies room and try to regain my composure. Once safely inside a locked stall, I let out a deep sigh, re-adjusted my lace satin bra, straightened my silk fitted pants suit and prepared myself to go mingle.

I touched up my make-up on the way out, gave myself the once over in the full length mirror near the door.

Damn! I forgot how good I looked. My perfect coke-bottle shape fit snugly into my red satin one-piece. My cherry red and silver stilettos set my outfit off just right. Those and the perfect, sparkling diamond earrings and necklace. The spaghetti straps rested beautifully on my smooth mahogany shoulders and revealed my shapely arms perfectly.

Yes... I definitely belonged here.

I stepped out of the ladies room with the confidence of a queen and strode proudly toward the bar. I noticed the many stares and double takes of men and women alike as I passed. My confidence grew, a warm strength radiating from my core.

Once at the bar, I ordered an apple martini and settled onto a barstool. I resumed my scan of the crowd. I couldn't help but notice a small group seated at a table directly to my left. Of all the magnificence in the room, this table contained the best of the best, every beautiful shade of brown imaginable; from deep dark chocolate to creamy caramel.

As I studied the beauty before me, one of the men in particular caught my gaze. I was immediately mesmerized. He was a strikingly delightful shade of smooth medium light brown, like a delicious cup of cappuccino. He wore shoulder length, well manicured locks that fit him to a tee. His teeth were perfectly straight and as pearly white as a Crest T.V. commercial. He wore an all white linen suit with a small gold bracelet.

Our eyes met. I nearly spilled my drink and slipped off my barstool. This man was simply gorgeous. We sat staring into each others eyes for what seemed like hours, until finally I broke free from his spell and turned to face the bar. I calmed the raging storm of butterflies fluttering in my stomach and ordered another drink. As I handed the bar tender the money, I heard what sounded like the voice of a god asking if anyone was sitting on the stool next to me. 

I shook my head. "No, feel free."

I took my change and slid it into my small silver hand purse. I smiled politely as I glanced up. To my delight, it was the gentleman I had been entranced by only moments ago. He sat down beside me and introduced himself.

"Osirious Black," he said as he held out his hand.

"Traci Moore." I placed my hand in his huge warm palm. I felt tingles shoot up my spine and an instant throbbing in my most sensitive area. I was shocked by the intense reaction I had to a simple handshake. This was not, however, a simple man by far.

"I noticed you from my table and was compelled to come over and introduce myself. You look like someone I would want to know," he said.

"Oh really?" is the only answer I could mutter. The smell of his cologne made it hard for me to concentrate.

"Yes, really. You stand out and in a crowd like this, that's impressive."

He smiled, revealing those beautiful perfect teeth. I found myself staring at his succulent, soft lips, imagining them planting delicate kisses all over my body. I felt my red satin t- backs become damp.

"Well, thank you," I smiled back, "this is quite a crowd, I must say. I was pleasantly surprised."

He nodded and his locks swayed softly onto his shoulder. We sat in silence for a moment. I finished off my drink.

"Can I buy you another?" He motioned for the bartender before I could even reply. "So, are you meeting someone here or did you come with anyone?"

"Actually, no," I replied. "I'm new in town and I heard about this place from a co-worker and just thought I'd come check it out."

"I see. Well, I'm glad you did. I knew you weren't from around here."

"And how did you know that? Are you saying that I don't fit in?" I gave him a coy smile.

He chuckled. "No, actually you don't. Most women are usually in groups here. Your confidence is intriguing. That's why I had to meet you. I love a woman with confidence."

He gazed into my eyes with such intensity I felt my gateway moisten and pulsate. How this perfect stranger could affect me like this was puzzling but enticing.

"Well, thank you." I licked my lips softly and begin to sway to the music. "I'm starting to feel these martinis," I admitted.

"Really? Would you like another one?" Osirious grinned.

"I think I will." I smiled back. Tonight was a night I needed to be uninhibited. I didn't know how long I was going to be in town, my job was already talking about transfers and the package was pretty tempting. After two more drinks, Osirious asked me to dance. We found a dark corner on the dance floor and found a sexy rhythm to Jamie Foxx's "Do What You Do," which happened to be one of my favorite songs. Our moves seemed practically rehearsed. We flowed in perfect harmony.

As we danced, we got more and more familiar with one another's body. After we danced up a sweat and damn near an orgasm, we decided to take a break. The music was great and I'd never had a man so sensuous and compatible on the dance floor. We found a table and after making ourselves comfortable we engaged in a deep and stimulating conversation. We were in a world all our own. Osirious obviously forgot all about his friends from the table earlier, and I hadn't even given a second thought to mingling and evaluating all my options. I was totally engrossed and satisfied with the first man I'd met that night.

Before we realized it, it was late. The lights came on and the DJ announced the club would be closing in ten minutes. I hated for the night to end. Osirious asked if I'd like to join him for a late night snack but I refused. I had an early deadline in the morning and I had to get some sleep. We exchanged numbers and he promised to call me the very next day. He walked me to my car, kissed my hand, thanked me for a lovely evening and watched me drive away. I dreamt of him all night.

After weeks of late night phone conversations, picnics in the park, dining out, dining in, even exercising together, I was ready to burst with desire. I'm not the type to jump into bed with just anyone. I need to be totally comfortable. Finally, I was ready to show this Nubian King exactly how I felt. He was not just anyone, and I was more than comfortable with him. We had a weekend getaway planned. I had everything in order, manicure, pedicure, bikini shave, the works. I had my hair up in a low maintenance roll, hopefully I could salvage it until my next appointment because I planned to get real wild this weekend.

We drove out to the private resort that overlooked the ocean. I stayed in the car and touched up my make-up while he checked us in. Once inside the beautiful, ocean view suite we settled in and tried to decide what to do first. We opted for getting a bite to eat and headed for the five star gourmet restaurant downstairs. After a fabulous dinner, we walked alongside the beach and watched the sunset. We returned to the sounds of soft jazz playing on the surround sound stereo, compliments of the house. Osirious led me by the hand to the bed and gently caressed my face. He looked deep into my eyes and told me how deeply his feelings had developed over the short time we'd known each other.

He delicately grabbed my chin and kissed me softly and gently on the lips while passionately embracing my neck and back. My windows opened immediately and my waters began to flow. I gasped for air as I was swept away in passion, lust, and desire. I grabbed the back of his head and slid my tongue seductively into his mouth. He kissed me harder and began to slightly tug on my hair. I ran my hand slowly up and down the shaft of his armor and felt him rise to attention, to my delight and excitement, he stood very strong and tall. 

He laid me onto the bed intimately and caressed my breast, kissing me and biting my top lip naughtily. My lakes were flowing at full capacity and I could hardly wait to feel him inside of me. I yearned to taste him, feel him expand in my mouth. I pulled away slightly, and whispered softly in his ear, "Let me put on something sexy for you". 

He chuckled softly, "Yeah baby, go put on something sexy for Daddy". I took a quick shower, applied my favorite bath and body works scent to my freshly shaven legs and pussy.

While in the shower, I plotted my moves for the remainder of the night. Suddenly I heard the T.V. turn off and could see under the bathroom door that the lights had been turned off. I finished up in the shower, prepped for the nights events and slowly walked out. I had a sexy, satin pink and white lace teddy with pink satin high heels.

To my surprise and delight, Osirious had candles lit all over the bedroom. Soft music played in the background. He was sitting in the Jacuzzi in the corner of the bedroom with two glasses of wine, strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate surrounding the rim of the tub. He was a sight to behold with his locks pulled back off his face, his broad shoulders and muscular chest outlined in the candlelight.

He was the image of masculinity and divinity. I had to keep myself from dashing across the room and diving into the Jacuzzi.

"What's all this?" I asked innocently.

Osirious gestured with his finger to his lips for me to keep silent. He motioned for me to come to him, and as if in a trance, I slowly made my way to him.

Once at the tub, I seductively begin to take off my sexy little outfit and climb in to join him. He had never seen me in my birthday suit before tonight. The farthest we had ever gone was just simple grinding, a little finger play. He had become quite familiar with my breasts but beyond that, I just hadn't allowed things to go forward. 

Tonight, however, was no limits, no rules, no hang-ups. I was ready to take our relationship to a higher level and felt he was worthy of all I had to give. I could definitely appreciate the fact that he had never pressured me or been upset about my decision to wait, and felt the need to reward him accordingly and show him I had been worth the wait.

Once settled in the warm bubbling water, I let out a deep breath and let my head rest against the marble. Osirious moved in and handed me my glass of wine. I begin to sip slowly as we sat in romantic silence, listening to the flutter of the candles and the sultry sounds of Luther, Jamie Foxx, and R Kelly on the mix CD he had made especially for tonight.

He begin to feed me the strawberries with his mouth and we eventually began the most passionate kiss I'd ever had in all my thirty-one years. He soon placed my glass back onto the rim of the tub and spread the whipped cream and chocolate all over my breasts. He dipped and stirred the remaining strawberries into the mixture on my body and once all the strawberries were gone, slowly licked the rest.

My nipples were rock hard and I was as wet as the water in the Jacuzzi. We begin kissing again and he massaged all over my body with his strong wet hands, I begin to get weak. I felt his hands sliding down my hips, to my thighs. After a moment of massaging my thighs, I felt the lips of my canal open to his finger. He got me hot with first one finger, then another, and another, until I came all over his hand. He slowly raised himself out of the tub revealing a unordinary man piece of mandigo resemblance and a muscular, toned perfect body.

He was so fine!

Osirious lifted me out of the water and carried me to the bed. After lying me down so gently and carefully, he started exploring my entire body with his tongue. After licking my toes, massaging my feet, and giving me hickeys on the inside of my thighs, Osirious ate me for an hour. I lost count of how many times I came. He ate me from the front, the side, the back, upside down and right side up. I could barely breath. Once he finally decided to stop I could hardly move. I had to tell him to bring his manhood to my mouth because I didn't have the strength to raise myself up off the bed. He placed his head at my feet and put his cock at my face. I began to show him how I really felt with my mouth. How much I adored him, respected him, and wanted him was portrayed in that moment.

I sucked him harder and deeper until I could feel him expanding in my mouth and pulsating faster and faster. I knew he was about to explode. He started calling my name over and over and groaning sexily. It made me even more excited to see I was pleasing him. I took him further in. He came in my mouth as he yelled out that he loved me.

Whether it was just the excitement of the moment or not, I wasn't sure, but at the time I didn't care. It sounded good, and as quiet as it was kept, I loved him too.

He turned around to face me and held me close as he showered me with soft loving pecks all over my face and head. He kissed my hand and sucked my fingers. He looked me straight in the eyes and whispered "I love you."

Before I could respond I felt him slowly begin to enter into my sacredness. He moved so slow and sensuous, I could feel every throb of his dick. He seemed to grow as he continued to move in and I could barely handle it. We held each other close and moved to the rhythm of the ocean outside our window. I felt myself move to other dimensions through his love. It felt like we were spinning out of our bodies.

He turned me over and entered me from behind, this time with more fervor. We began pounding and pumping ourselves crazy. I came twice. Osirious turned me onto my side and held one leg up while he slid in and worked me over.

We fucked all night. 

He picked me up and pounded me up against the wall, we moved to the floor and he made love to me slow and sweet. He sat on the bed as I straddled him. He told me he loved me again and again. I rode him until the sun came up and told him I loved him too. We finally fell asleep in each others arms as the sun came up over the oceans edge.