 ...." And that's why you're sacked Mandy!"

As Mr. Harrison yelled those oh so familiar words at her, Mandy began to wonder whether she was really meant to be a secretary. Her typing was lousy, her shorthand shocking, and overall, she couldn't organize an orgasm in a brothel, let alone Mr. Harrison's draws. Once again she was unemployed, and this time, her boyfriend wouldn't be able to fund her expensive tastes. Mandy angrily thought back to that episode in her life, wondering again why he couldn't forgive her for those indiscretions of hers. It was just that Alan had been so woefully poor in bed, she just couldn't bring herself to being monogamous with such a loser. So, no money, no job, and a fat credit card bill to pay off and the rent at the end of the week too. Oh dear....

As Mandy strolled down the street she wondered what she could do to alleviate her tension. As always, her mind turned to shopping, Benedicts had had a lovely little set of boots for only..... No! She stopped herself in the street, forcing herself to stop walking towards her favorite shop. She was now another world away from affording clothes like she was used to. Perhaps a drink would clear her head....

As Mandy walked into the bar, she wondered whether it was the best idea. The place reeked of stale sweat and unwashed floor tiles, and the clientele looked little well. As she nervously walked to the bar, she felt the hush gradually descend on the room, as eyes turned towards her. What the men didn't realize though, was how good it made Mandy feel to be admired, especially with the intentions of this sort of crowd. Mandy knew she was the sot of figure to draw heads, 5' 8", long legs, 36c chest and a stomach as flat as a board, coupled with an innocent schoolgirl face, surrounded by a crop of chestnut hair. She was wearing a tight black miniskirt, a sheer white shirt, and a loose gray jacket. her long legs were bare, with a pair of spike heel sandals to finish off the outfit. Mandy always knew the effect she had on men, it was just that she enjoyed it too much to really try to stop it. 

As the leers and stares of the men surrounded her, she began to think of a way to make money. If she could have this much effect on these men when she was dressed in her business suit, how would they accept her when she was naked? She knew women earned good money in strip bars, but she was sure she would make more money if she were the only stripper on show, instead of competing. She got to the bar, and ordered a double scotch. Downing it, she began to implement her plan. She stood up from the bar, and strolled over to the nearest group of men, sitting down on a vacant stool.

"hi there guys, my name's Mandy. How ya all doin'?"

They looked at each other and remained silent, wondering what she wanted, as She continued.

"I'm looking to make a bit of money here in this bar, and I couldn't help noticing the reaction I got from a few of you guys as I strolled in. Now I know most of you are thinking how great it would be to fuck me, but that ain't gonna happen, I'm a good girl don't you know, but I am in need of a little cash, so if all of you guys chip in 5 bucks, I'm willing to get up on your table and strip for you right here. Now wadya say?" 

Before she knew it, Mandy had 40 bucks in her hand. Telling the guys to hang on while she talked to the other guys in the bar, she took the money and moved on around the room. It was a good sized bar, and it took her a while to gather up the cash, but pretty soon she was clutching a fat wad of about 500 bucks. Walking back to the bar, she explained to the barman her intentions, slipping him 50 bucks for the inconvenience, and asked him to take hold of the cash for her.

Then came the big moment. Nearly all the guys in the room knew what was transpiring, and had turned their chairs to face the bar. As Mandy stood up on the bar, she looked out at about a hundred eager guys, all-waiting for a chance to see her body. 

"Well here goes...." she thought.

As the Barman turned on a slow beat, Mandy began her show. Thrusting her legs wide and leaning forward, she ran her hands over her legs and up her body, caressing herself through the fabric. She reached up, untying her hair in a savage motion, and yanking off her glasses at the same time.

Her hands went down to the buttons of her jacket, pulling them off as she thrust the jacket open, chest forward. Her enthusiasm began to take hold, the passion of the moment taking over as she threw her jacket onto the floor, the men's stares and catcalls met fiercely by her spitting eyes. Her hands yanked her blouse from the waistband of her miniskirt, every motion a savage act in itself, as her hands continued to undo the buttons of her shirt. 

She realized she was loosing control, the passion in her veins was taking over, all she wanted was to be naked in front of these men, to feel them adore her nudity, her hands began to act of their own accord, fumbling the buttons open, snagging the fabric, until with a primeval cry, she ripped the shirt wide open, half the buttons flying off as she did so. She was panting, breathing deeply as she allowed the shirt to slip from her arms and onto the bar. Her arms were stretched away from her body, her face towards the crowd challenging them. 

Their catcalls had died, in awed silence, as Mandy's hands went to the waistband of the miniskirt. She turned round on the bar, Her hands traveling to the zip at the back of the skirt, slowly ever so slowly creeping it down, never letting the skirt part or drop until it was held on only by her hand at the top of the zipper. She turned back round, waiting for the hushed gasp as she wrenched her hand away, throwing the skirt across the room, Leaving her naked except for bra and panties. Her hands began to caress her semi naked body, running over her stomach, her thighs, her hair and face, until they rested on her breasts. They began to press harder, pushing them together, up towards her face, until her hands again reached behind her, and undid the clasp. Again the garment went flying into the crowd, leaving her beautiful breasts, erect nipples thrust towards the crowd, bared to all. 

Once again she challenged the crowd with her eyes, for all the men were stunned by the body on display for them, but she knew she hadn't earned her money until she was naked. She looked down at her panties. They were a skimpy pair, with a small triangle of fabric covering her mound, and thong laces connecting at each of the corners and above the crack of her ass. They left little to the imagination, but it was still too much. She spread her legs wide, pushing her fingers under the waistband as she leant forward. her hands traveled slowly downwards, as she pulled her panties lower and lower ass high in the air, pussy on plain display as they left her crotch exposed to all eyes. As she stepped naked out of the panties, She looked up into the eyes of the crowd, as they began to cheer wildly at her naked body. 

Mandy had never felt better, or more alive, in all her life. These men had scrutinized every part of her body, and she had been met with approval. She was laughing and smiling, bowing to the crowd, displaying her body to them in as many poses as she could think of. She almost wanted to stay naked, she was so happy with her body and her surroundings, but the barman handed her her panties with a grin, and told her to get dressed. She slipped on the panties with a sigh, realizing her nudity was not to last. She looked around for her bra, only then realizing she had cast it into the crowd in her excitement. 

As she spied her bra and skirt at opposite corners of the room, she guessed her adventure was not quite over, as she would have to cross the human sea to regain her clothing. As she stepped into the crowd, she was assailed with a mass of hands and kisses as the gentlemen all took part in thanking her for her performance. Her breasts were kissed or squeezed, pinched or caressed, until they were almost sore, and her ass was slapped or pinched just as much. The upshot was that she found many more 5, 10 or 20-dollar bills stuffed into her panties. As she neared the spot where her bra was hanging, she was pulled into one happy fellow's lap, who, after kissing all her assets, insisted on putting on her bra himself. Mandy could feel his erection pressing through his jeans, and she gave him a goodbye squeeze as she left, almost sad to leave, as the size had promised much more fun than a kissing.

She continued across the room, towards her skirt, receiving many more slaps and tweaks as she traveled. Eventually retrieving her clothing, she returned to the front of the bar, where she dressed slowly and sensuously, many times having to adjust her bra, and even take it right off to make sure it was comfy, laughing to the men all the time, who appreciated her displaying her body for as long as she did. When she finally was finished, she was unable to do up the top half of her shirt, so instead of doing it up, she tied it beneath her breasts, exposing most of her bra and stomach.

All in all, Mandy had made about 600 bucks, and felt as good as hell about it. She felt alive and on edge, tingling with the aftermath of the sensation. She felt on top of the world. She also felt the need for sex, as she was as horny as hell after that performance. She figured a few of the guys out there would probably be running to the bathroom to alleviate their tension, and she figured she could too. Asking the barman where the toilets were, he pointed to a dark corner. She strolled over, and realized that there was only one door; it was a unisex bathroom. This probably wasn't a problem most of the time, as she doubted the bar had many female clients, but Mandy really wanted to feel some privacy. Oh well she thought....

She walked in to the toilet, finding only two cubicles, one of which was taken. She stepped into the other one, only to realize it had no lock on the door. As she wondered what to do, she realized she felt far to horny not to indulge herself in here, she just hoped no one else was coming in. She sat down on the seat, pulling her panties and skirt down as she did so, and pushed her hand against her mound. As she began to rub herself, she laughed to herself, wondering how much those guys would have paid to see this! As she began to really get into it, she was shocked by a hand stroking her ankle! 

Realizing it came from the other cubicle, She wondered what to do, before her instincts took over, and she thrust her foot towards the hand, begging for his touch. Before she knew what she was doing, Mandy had called out "its open". The hand stopped. She heard the man stand up, and his cubicle door open. She looked up as the entrance to hers was pushed open, and he walked in. He was about 6 foot tall, medium build, probably about 32 years old, but the only thing that Mandy noticed was his hand stroking his 8 inch hard on in front of her face. 

"I couldn't stop myself coming in here after your performance" he said. "You have a beautiful body"

"Thank you" replied Mandy, her eyes never leaving his penis "I think we should stop talking though now"

She pulled his cock towards her, replacing his hands with her own. She began to milk him, stroking his penis as it throbbed in her hands. She ran her fingers from the tip of his head to the base of his rod, and then massaged his balls. He began to moan at her ministrations, his cock seeping out a pearl of precum. 

Mandy couldn't stop herself, and wasn't sure she would have if she could, and leant down and licked it off, reveling in the salty taste in her mouth. She leant farther forward, engulfing the entire cockhead, feeding his penis into her mouth sucking on him as hard and as fast as she could, her hands continuing to stroke his rod, encouraging the eruption she knew was imminent. He must have come straight in here after the show, and it didn't take long to bring him close to orgasm, but that was exactly what Mandy wanted, so she didn't mind if he came quickly. 

His hands stroked the back of her head and neck, showing his appreciation for her work. Until he felt the beginning of his orgasm, and then they grabbed both sides of her head, forcing her to hold his cock in her mouth, as he began to spurt his pulsing seed into her. Mandy didn't mind, she milked him harder and harder, sucking every drop into her mouth, swallowing his cum, savoring the salty flavor.

As she pulled back from his spent penis, she continued to milk him, ensuring that she kept him hard as possible. 

"I'm not done yet," she said to him. Standing up, she pushed him onto the seat, his hard on sticking straight into the air, and she began to remove her shirt and bra. The shirt came off quickly tied on loosely as it was, and she undid her bra as quickly as she could. To Mandy's intense pleasure, she was naked again, and this time it was far more personal. The man continued to stroke his hard on as she stripped, keeping his penis rock hard, for he guessed what Mandy had in mind next, as she rubbed her already wet mound, she lowered herself onto his penis, pushing him deep inside her, and their bodies close together. The feel of his penis was wonderful, filling her completely, deep inside her, its warmth matched only by the fire of her pussy, begging to be fucked long and hard by him. 

She came almost straight away, so aroused as she was, a flood of pleasure filling her body, but didn't pause in her fucking, riding his penis, forcing it deeper and deeper into her cunt. His hands reached up to her breasts, pinching her nipples and rubbing her sweaty body. She thrust down over and again, as hard as she could, getting grunts and exclamations out of the aroused man. She rode him like a madwoman her hands clutching anything they could grasp, his hair, shoulders, her tits, his arms, the walls of the cubicle, as her passion rose to new heights, taking him with her. Mandy's grunts became more rapid, and she came for the second time with a loud shout of pleasure. As she slid off his penis, she knelt down on the floor, exhausted. 

"You're not done just yet dear" She heard the man say. She looked up at his glistening rod, straining to release his hot seed again.

"Oh you poor man!!" she cried, instantly renewing her vigor, kissing his penis, tasting herself on him, stroking his rod in her hands. Soon she felt his familiar heat, and his penis began to erupt, sending gobbet after gobbet onto her tits and face. His groans and cries echoed in the cubicle as she licked his penis clean, enjoying the feeling of a softening penis in her mouth. When he was done, she collected his cum off her tits as well as she could, and licked her hands clean, loving the heady combination of his cum and her sweat.

"Thank you very much, I think I really needed that after your performance." Said the man " My names Tom"

"Hi, I'm Mandy, and I should thank you too, that was great. I think I should get dressed though now."

As Mandy pulled her panties back on, she reflected on the afternoon. She had thought today was gonna be awful, after all, losing her job and all, but after earning her pay in the bar, and then getting royally fucked by Tom, she felt so much better. When she finished dressing, she left the cubicle, giving Tom a kiss as she did so, and gave him her card, and slipped out of the bar after picking up her cash. 

She was surprised to notice the barman had replaced the fifty bucks she had given him. She supposed the bar would be busy for quite a while after because of her performance. Out on the street, she hailed a cab, and went home to her apartment. Mandy knew she wasn't completely done with the day, because as soon as she got into the flat, all she wanted to do was to get naked again. She slipped out of her now rather sweaty suit, and strolled over to the mirror to examine herself. As she stared at her reflection, she realized why those men had cheered so much; her figure was great, with her tits and athletic legs and stomach. Mandy ran a bath to clean herself up, as she'd worked up a good sweat with Tom. 

As she lay in the bath, she contemplated the day's events, not over yet to be sure, but they'd certainly given her something to think about. She had earned more money today than she could in a week working for Mr. Harrison, so why couldn't she do it again? After all, men always wanted to see a girl naked, all she had to do was make sure enough men were interested before she started. 

If she circulated around the bars in town, she was sure she'd be able to find a few bars with the right sort of clientele; male, horny, and loaded! Happy with her solution, she decided to phone a few girl friends and go out for a drink or two, but preferably not to the bar she was in earlier! As she toweled herself off after her bath, she had a look in her wardrobe. If she was gonna make a living out of this, she needed some less conservative clothes, something that would enhance her natural features. The closest thing she really had that wouldn't look out of place on a high street were crop tops and more miniskirts. She realized miniskirts were no problem; they showed off her legs, but she would need some different tops and shirts. Once she'd done a few more strips she'd have a trip uptown and buy some new outfits.

She pulled on a tight white crop top that left her midriff bare, but lifted her bust. She then selected a split skirt, hanging to mid thigh in light cotton. It had a tendency to drift and expose Mandy's thigh, but she didn't mind. A pair of black sandal spikes finished the outfit. She was just enjoying a glass of wine when the doorbell rang, and the first of her friends arrived for the fun. Sarah was a blonde, shorter than Mandy, with bigger breasts and a more voluptuous figure. She was wearing a tight little black dress that molded itself to her hourglass figure. She arrived with Teri, who was a much more athletic woman, with a firmly muscled body. 

She had modeled in her youth, and still posed for shopping catalogues in her spare time from her gym job. To finish the party, Mandy's best friend Laura, who always had a nasty glint in her eye, as if she were just looking for the next bit of mischief. Together they couldn't fail to have fun, especially with a story like Mandy's to tell them all!

Mandy had a feeling it might even shock Laura!

As they traveled from wine bar to club, from hip joint to drinking pit, they began to get more and more tipsy, the alcohol having a quick and lasting effect on them. They were all having fun together, though, especially enjoying the male attention they were receiving, though Sarah's breasts tended to be the place that most men's eyes strayed to first. They had the most fun teasing and terrorizing some collage boys, obviously under-age, and quite shocked by the antics of the women before them. 

Their naivety was charming, but all the girls felt 21 yr old boys a little too young for the early 25's. Mandy was sure all the boys had a good time though, she guessed ten minutes with her friends provided more wank material than any porno magi! Once the evening began to tail off, they agreed for one last drink in a wine bar before going back to Mandy's for nightcaps. In the bar, ironically called "Tellin' Stories" Mandy began to tell the girls about her day. Naturally they were all sad for her to lose her job, but as she spoke they all laughed and became shocked and incredulous as she told them about the bar. 

None of them believed her when she spoke about the bar, but they were even worse when she told them about Tom. She promised to show them the shirt with the missing buttons when they got back, but they refused to believe she had fucked a complete stranger in a toilet, let alone just after parading herself to a room full of horny guys. The only thing that they did believe was that Mandy was buying many more rounds than usual, so she got some money somehow, and that they weren't complaining about!
