 That evening's experience haunted my sleep for several nights afterward; I would wake in a cold sweat with my legs tangled in my sheets. Changing the locks on my front door helped me sleep a little better. I wasn't sure if Tyler got a key to my place or not but I didn't want to take the chance. I wasn't ever going to that bar again, or any bar for that matter. Not any time soon anyway. Some nights while I was reading before bed I wondered what I would do if he were to show up at my door again. Hell, part of me wasn't sure I wanted to let him go. The two long scars down my back from the knife would tingle whenever I heard the slightest sound outside. I couldn't talk to anyone. Forcing myself deeper into my work and reading more books helped me after a couple weeks and I slowly forgot about him. Painfully slow.

Several weeks went by and everything was going just fine. Well, normal at least. I had been out on a couple group dates with a co-worker and nothing really panned out. One evening I thought I could take the guy home with me but I felt those familiar tingles down my back and decided it wasn't a good idea. I needed a hobby or something. Or a good friend. These days, those were extremely hard to come by.

One Thursday I was at my desk at work and I received an email. Ryan, an old flame of mine from college, was going to be in town this week on business and asked if he could take me out for drinks. He missed me. I took some time to think before replying that I would. He and I were better friends than lovers back then and I could use some companionship. Plus I loved to catch up with people I hadn't seen in years. He replied with a time and a place near his hotel. Smiling at my computer screen, I mentally scanned my closet to find something to wear for my evening out.

Ryan met me at the front door of the place just before 8 p.m. dressed in a black shirt and gray slacks, square glasses perched on his nose and reddish brown hair parted to the side. He has aged well, I thought as he led me into the establishment. It was a little Irish pub with tall tables and chairs and a long bar crowded with people watching a baseball game on each of the four television screens displayed around the room. He led me to an empty table in the corner, pulling a chair out for me facing the wall and I stepped up into it. I was wearing a navy blue cowl neck blouse that showed a reasonable amount of my nice cleavage on top of a pair of tight faded jeans that I knew my ass would look good in. I smiled at my date as I sat down.

Glancing up from the front of my shirt, Ryan asked "What can I get you to drink?"

"Should I start with a beer?" I asked.

"I don't drink beer myself," he replied.

"Okay," I sighed. "Amaretto sour, please."

He left for the bar while I turned around and casually checked out my surroundings. Plenty of people in here to keep it busy but not too noisy that we would have to shout to be heard. Comfortable atmosphere. A short tingle started up my back as I located the exits but I shook it off. I was going to have a good time tonight, I told myself.

"Here you go," Ryan said as he placed my drink in front of me. I took a long sip and relaxed my shoulders. He smiled at me over his glass, and I smiled back. "So what have you been up to, Lindsey?"

I chuckled. "Work, mostly," I replied, taking another sip. "What brings you to town?"

Ryan went into his story about expanding his business into a wider area and there were some possibilities here in the city. We chatted for a few hours about work, life and people in and out of our lives. He told me he had had a few relationships that didn't work out and he thought of me often. I tried not to show it, but I really felt nothing in return. The days of "us" were long past, but of course I valued his friendship. Which meant I shouldn't sleep with him so I shouldn't lead him on, I said to myself. I had genuinely forgotten about a certain someone until I heard the front door bang open. My whole body tensed up and I froze for a moment, then slowly turned my head around to follow the person making the heavy footsteps. It was a large, older man with longish gray hair making his way to the last empty stool at the bar. I breathed a heavy sigh of relief as Ryan stared at me curiously.

"Is everything okay?" he asked me, concerned.

I breathed again. "Yes, I'm fine. The door just... startled me."

"Are you sure? You seemed really nervous all of a sudden." He gently covered my hand in his. My hand jerked back a bit at his touch since my thoughts were still heavy in my mind. He pulled his hand back, a very worried look crossing his face. "Lindsey, what's wrong?"

"Nothing," I said, trying to smile and reaching for his hand, grasping it as I picked up my glass in my other hand and finished yet another drink. "I'm good."

"Well, I would say you were better than good," a familiar voice spoke behind me. Goosebumps ran down my arms and back as I froze in my chair again. No... "Hi, Lindsey," he said as he walked around to the empty chair on my other side and slid it out, sitting across from Ryan. He placed two drinks on the table in front of him.

Slowly I turned my head towards him and looked into those sparkling eyes I remember too well; eyes that were locked on me. A lazy grin spread across his lips and I found myself getting wet between my legs. Really?! I asked myself. Not now...

"Who are you?" Ryan asked, to which neither of us answered right away. I couldn't find my voice as we just stared at each other for a long moment. My clit began to throb and I turned my head away, shifting my legs around.

I heard Tyler chuckle under his breath. He turned to Ryan. "I'm Tyler, a friend of hers," he nodded at me as he slid one of the drinks to me. "Amaretto sour, right?"

I bit my lip as I looked down at the amber liquid. This one had a cherry in it, unlike the others I had already drank this evening. Without thinking, I picked the cherry up by its stem and dunked it through the ice cubes into the alcohol a few times before putting it in my mouth and sucking the juice from it. I closed my eyes a moment before remembering there were two men watching me. My eyes flew open as I returned the cherry to the glass, dropping my gaze to the table.

"Lindsey?" Ryan asked.

I didn't reply. Instead, I turned to Tyler. "Why are you here?"

He held up the other glass, waved it a bit before taking a long gulp of the dark iceless liquid. "For the whiskey," he said after he swallowed. "I wasn't planning on running into you but here you are, as beautiful as ever." He sat the glass back down and watched me dip the cherry around in my drink. My eyes didn't want to leave his.

"Lindsey," Ryan spoke again, "do you think we should go now?"

I remembered Ryan was there at that moment and I shrugged my shoulders. "If you're ready to go, we can leave." I didn't want to go but I wasn't sure if I should stay. I thought I would wait for Tyler's response. The cherry tasted sweeter as I slipped it between my lips again, sucking the alcohol from it. Ryan stood up and pushed in his chair, ready to leave.

Tyler downed his whiskey and stared at me as he said, "You don't look ready to leave."

I said nothing as I took a sip of the drink he brought me, suddenly wondering if he had slipped something in it before he gave it to me. No, I shrugged the idea away. He would want me to remember everything he's about to do to me. Wait, what?

Ryan came to my side, placing a warm hand on my arm. "I think we should go."

"Lindsey," Tyler spoke softly. "You don't have to go. Yet."

I closed my eyes, finished the drink in front of me in one breath and got up from the table. "Ryan, I've had a great time catching up with you. We should do this again. But tonight, I've had enough to drink and I'm calling it a night." I picked up the soaked cherry from the ice and popped it in my mouth again, pulling the stem off as I nodded to Tyler. His lazy grin was back. "Tyler." I let Ryan walk me out of the pub, leaving Tyler at our table. He didn't move.

He walked me to the curb. "Let me call you a cab."

"No, thanks, Ryan," I said, placing my hand on his arm. "It's a beautiful night for a walk."

"But, haven't you had enough to drink?" he asked.

"Yes, enough that I shouldn't have any more. I'm fine. I'll talk to you later. Goodnight." He kissed me on the cheek near my lips and I smiled before turning in the opposite direction of his hotel. I definitely couldn't give him a chance to lead me to his room. Besides, someone else had me all worked up now.

I walked for over two blocks before he caught up with me. Grabbing me around the waist Tyler led me to a dark corner along the sidewalk and pinned me against the wall. His cool hands slid up my shirt, across my belly and pulled down the cups of my red satin bra, freeing my nipples. He massaged my breasts and pinched my nipples as his full lips found mine and he devoured my mouth hungrily. I could taste the whiskey on his tongue as I tangled my fingers in his hair. His hands moved around to my ass, one hand trying to slip inside my tight jeans. Breaking the kiss, he breathed into my ear, "Let me get a cab."

I nodded, all thoughts of those red flags for Tyler gone as he walked to the curb and hailed us a ride home. He held the door open for me and I slid inside, he getting in behind me. Handing the driver a $100 bill he recited his address and returned his attention to me. He pulled my legs and ass towards him, halfway laying me down in the backseat. He tugged at the button and unzipped my jeans swiftly, roughly jerking them down my hips to my ankles. I was too drunk to care if the driver saw anything; somehow I was more than willing to let him do as he pleased while there was a witness present. He moved my red satin panties over and slipped a finger inside my wet hole. Groaning, he turned my legs back forward and spread my thighs as he kissed me hungrily, fingering my pussy and flicking his thumb across my clit. I moaned into his mouth as I rocked my hips against his hand. I squeezed his arm and pulled his hair as I screamed into his mouth with my release. His lips left mine so I could breathe, trailing sloppy kisses down my neck and chest before sucking my juices off of his finger. He groaned. "Perfect," he whispered.

Grinning, I grabbed his hand and stuck his wet finger into my mouth, sucking as hard as I could as I inched his finger back out of my lips. I tasted myself as he groaned and closed his eyes, then I bit the middle of his finger. His eyes flew open in alarm as he took in a sharp breath, but he grinned at me as the cab pulled over to let us out. I pulled up my jeans, leaving them unzipped as Tyler pulled me out of the car and into his apartment building. A short elevator ride later we were in front of his place, he unlocking the door and pulling me inside by my wrist. Slamming the door, he threw me against it, kneeling down to pull my jeans off of me again and stick his nose between my legs, smelling me through my panties before pulling them off of me as well. I pulled my shirt off over my head and threw it to the side as he moved up my body, pulling my bra cups down again to suck on my nipples. I arched my back into him and reached around to unhook my bra as he nibbled on my peaks. Freeing my breasts from my bra I pushed him off of me to shed my last piece of clothing. He stepped back and stood in awe in front of me, unable to move for several seconds. I walked casually up to him grinning before pulling my arm back and landing my fist across his jaw.

He stumbled a step or two, watching me as he rubbed his jaw. "I suppose I deserve that," he whispered.

"You deserve more than that for what you've done to me," I growled. He dropped his hand and I hit him again, this time in the cheek bone. "But most of all, for making me still want to fuck you after what you have done."

He grinned devilishly, a look that sent a throbbing sensation throughout my body. I held one finger up at him and said, "Okay, here are a few rules you're going to abide by from now on. No knives. No rope. No more drawing blood. And stay out of my ass."

"Aww," his face fell in a mocking pout. "I'll consider those, but no guarantees."

"I'm very serious," I growled. "Also, don't bite me hard."

Tyler grinned, pulling off his shirt and dropping it to the floor. "Ok, not hard. Now, get on your knees and take my jeans off."

I raised one eyebrow and put my hands on my hips. "No."

He copied my stance, mocking me with his evil grin. I rolled my eyes and he quickly grabbed me by my hair and drug me to his couch, bending me over the back of it. One strong arm held my back down, my face pressed into the cushions while the other hand caressed my ass. I was about to ask what he was planning to do to me when I felt his hand sharply smack one cheek. I cried out and he slapped my ass again. My skin tingled and burned with each smack. He groaned in between every few slaps, now taking turns with each cheek turning them bright red. Tears poured from my eyes after several minutes of this, then suddenly he jerked me up from the couch and threw me to the floor.

"Crawl up to me and get on your knees, bitch," he ordered, "and unzip my jeans."

Wiping the tears from my face, I glared at him as I crawled the few paces between us to his feet. Sitting back on my feet I sighed, staring at the floor for a moment before placing my hands on my thighs and glancing up at him with a pleading look. He moaned.

"Can I make a suggestion?" I whispered with a smile.

Sitting on the back of the couch, he returned my smile. "By all means."

"I would be much more willing to do as you wish if you would ask instead of command," I said.

"Is that so?" he asked. "You want some control, is that it?"

"Do you blame me?" I replied, choking back a sob. "I know I shouldn't be here, naked of all things, but I can't stop thinking about you fucking me. Don't use me like you did last time. Please."

Tyler stared at me in silence for several moments before standing up from the couch and running his fingertips down my jawline. "Would you mind pulling my jeans down? I would love to feel your mouth on my dick. Please."

I smiled up at him, reaching for the button of his jeans and taking my time unzipping and pulling them down. He groaned as his erection sprang free of his boxers as I pulled those down as well. Holding his shaft in one hand, I lifted it up and ran my tongue along his balls slowly for some time, slipping one into my mouth and gently sucking on it. He gasped and shuddered a bit, moaning as he placed a hand in my hair. Taking the other into my mouth I sucked on his testicle harder, feeling his grip in my hair tighten. Releasing it from my mouth I moved up his shaft with my tongue, slowly making my way to the head. My tongue swirled around the tip, tasting the drop of his cum that was glistening from the hole. Wrapping my lips around the head, I sucked on the tip gently, very slowly working my way down his shaft and sucking harder as his dick went deeper into my mouth. His grip on my hair tightened further as he sucked in a sharp breath. As my lips made their way to the base and his cock filled my throat I began to pull my head back to start again. He pushed on my head with his hands, shoving his dick farther down my throat so that I had trouble breathing. I pushed against his legs with my hands but he wouldn't let go, so I bit down as hard as I could. He yelled, releasing my head and falling back against the couch. His cock now free of my mouth, he swung his arm out and slapped my face hard.

"Fucking bitch," Tyler spat at me as I rubbed my cheek. "You're gonna pay for that!"

Suddenly he grabbed my wrist and twisted my arm behind my back as he shoved my face into the carpet, still on my knees with my red, naked ass up in the air. Spreading my feet apart with his knees, he slipped two fingers inside my wet pussy and finger fucked me for a few moments before positioning his dick to enter me. Squeezing my waist he forced his dick inside my pussy roughly and I screamed. One of his hands moved to my head, holding me down to the carpet as he repeatedly slammed his cock into me as hard and fast as he could. I screamed and cried as he fucked me harder and harder.

"You like this, bitch?" he grunted as he grabbed my hips and slammed my body back onto his cock several more times before suddenly pulling out of my pussy to shove the head into my ass, grabbing my hair with his other hand so I couldn't get away.

"Aaah!" I screamed as I felt him spilling his seed inside me. It didn't hurt as bad this time, I noticed. He pulled out of me and got up, going to his bathroom while leaving me in the floor. I rolled over onto my back by the time he returned.

"Are you gonna get up or shall I drag you to my bed?" he asked me, amused.

I looked up at him. "I told you to stay out of my ass."

He shrugged. "Ah, I figured that was negotiable. I had to cum somewhere, and I'm not done with that sweet pussy. So get up or I'll drag you."

Unsure of how much it would hurt to let him drag me, I eased myself to a sitting position and slowly stood up, my knees red from the carpet and my ass sore from the spanking. Holding his hand out towards his bedroom, he followed me into a dark room, flipping the light switch as he entered. The room was sparsely furnished; a king-size bed, one nightstand and a dresser next to a closet door. The bed wasn't made. Tyler turned me around swiftly and pushed me onto the bed, lifting my legs as he kneeled at the edge. He slid two fingers inside my wet pussy while softly licking my clit. I moaned, arching my back and gripping the bed sheets as he brought me to orgasm. Screaming with my climax, my body shuddered against his face and hand.

"Believe it or not, my dear," he said while staring into my eyes from between my legs, "that's my favorite thing to do to you."

I closed my eyes and laid back on the bed, not answering him. He wrapped his hands around my thighs and latched his mouth to my shaved pussy lips, sucking hard on my clit and flicking it with his tongue. I almost came undone in that instant. Moaning and screaming through two more orgasms, I shook in his grasp. Letting go of my thighs, he lapped up my juices pouring from my pussy onto the edge of the bed and squeezed my ass cheeks. My hands made their way between my legs and into his hair, grabbing his head and pressing his face into me again. His tongue dove inside my pussy as I ground my hips against his mouth. Harder and harder I fucked his face until I screamed again, covering him in more of my juices.

Tyler stood up from his knees, motioning for me to move up on the mattress as he crawled onto the bed. Lifting my legs to rest my ankles on his shoulders, his hard cock found my hole and he slid easily inside, staying upright and holding my thighs as he fucked me some more. I watched him bite his lip as he pounded away inside me, but I wanted him deeper. I pulled my knees to my chest and he leaned forward over me held up by his strong arms. Inches from my face, I smiled at him and he smiled back, a devilish smile that sent me over the edge and I came again. He thrust harder inside me as I screamed, groaning as he filled my pussy with another load and collapsing onto me.

We lay together for a few minutes catching our breaths, tangled in each other. He lifted his head over me and when I turned to him his lips met mine, prying my mouth open for his tongue to slide inside and taste me, his mouth hungrily devouring mine. I could taste my musky juices and whiskey; a taste that was slowly becoming a favorite of mine. When he pulled back from our kiss he leaned into my ear and whispered "Will you stay with me?"

I wanted to. "No, I can't. I have to get up in the morning."

"But it's so late," he whined into my neck as he kissed his way down to my breasts.
