 The next thing I was aware of was some action going on down in my crotch which caused me to stir. I looked down to see the top of Marcia’s head as she was sucking my cock to life. When she realized that I was awake, she removed my cock from her mouth saying, “Are you ready to continue fucking me or would you like to first take your morning piss?”

“I think I should take a piss first, OK?”

“Sure. Do you mind if I watch and maybe let me help you?”

I was a bit puzzled but thought what the heck, “Sure you can help me if you want.” 

She got up off the bed and led me into the bathroom. She was completely nude and so I fondled her ass as we walked, she looked over her shoulder at me with a big smile saying, “You like playing with my ass don’t you?” 

“You bet, you have a nice looking ass, and I like feeling it, playing with your crack and fingering your tight rosebud.”

“Ummmm, that sounds so nice to hear, I like it that you and other men like my ass so much because I like showing it off as much as possible and just love being fucked in the ass. It is just a great sensation having a big hard cock slide in and out of my asshole, it is so sensual.” She stopped walking and placed her hand on top of mine pressing my fingers deeper into her crack. She then asked, “Can you feel my tight little rosebud?”

“Yea, I can feel it and it feels good.”

“I’m glad you like it, I love how you are free with me and don’t seem to be shy. Why don’t you wiggle your finger a little more and get it inside my ass. That will get my juices going and I know you like juices.”

“I will as soon as I take a piss, I really need to go and soon. If I don’t, it will be difficult to piss if I get a real hard-on which will happen soon with me playing with you like this.” She smiled pulling my hand from her crack and then continued walking. Once in the bathroom she stood beside me taking a hold of my cock pointing and it into the toilet bowl. She reached around behind my butt and fondled my balls as I began to piss. At the same time she ground her bare pussy into my thigh. 

She looked up at me while holding my cock saying, “I love to watch men piss, and sometimes I like being pissed on. Its so warm and nasty, it really turns me on.” As my piss stream began to wane, she got down on her knees with her face at the same level as my cock and only a few inches from it. She looked up at me smiling as she stuck out her tongue and licked my cock and then just before my piss stream completely stopped, she opened her mouth and turn her head taking my cock into her mouth while I was still pissing a little. She closed her lips tightly around my cock not letting any piss escape. I could not believe my eyes as she swallowed.

As I stood there looking down at her she continued sucking on my cock getting it very hard. It was only a matter of minutes before my cock was fully erect, she then released my cock and said, “Lets go back into the bedroom and do some hard core fucking, I would like for you to fuck both my pussy and ass this morning.” I followed her back into the room with my cock pointing straight out from my groin and I again fondled her ass as we walked back to the bed. 

I was able to get my finger partly in her ass before we reached the bed. She stopped and stuck out her butt a little as I continued fingering her ass, she moved back and forth pushing more of my finger inside her. “Ohhhh, I love what you are doing to me, you get me so hot, oh shit I love this.”

She then pulled away and flopped down on the bed with her legs spread wide holding out her arms beckoning me to lay on top of her. I did not hesitate and crawled between her legs and slipped my cock deep into her cunt without any problem. I fucked her in that position for quit awhile slamming my cock as deep into her as I could. 

She was begging me to fuck her hard as I continued thrusting my cock into her pussy, “Yes baby, fuck me deep, fuck me hard, fuck me, fuck me, don’t hold back, I want every ounce of your meat inside me. Oh shit I love to be fucked like this, I love having a man slam his cock into me with all his weight and force, I want to feel you really deep inside me baby, and I want to feel it both in my cunt and ass. So lets change position now so that you can fuck my ass like this for awhile.” I stopped fucking her pussy and raised my ass up pulling my cock free from her cunt. Before she rolled over, she slide down for a minute to give my cock a quick suck, licking it clean of any pre-cum. 

She then got on all fours presenting her ass to me. I got behind her and leaned down to give her ass a good licking. She responded, “Oh yes baby, lick my ass, eat my butt, juice up my asshole so your cock will easily slip in me.”  I spit on her ass getting as much salvia around her hole as possible, I then pressed the head of my cock against her asshole. She pressed back and without too much effort, my cock slid into her asshole and I began thrusting my cock deep inside her again. She was again begging me to fuck her hard and deep. I was in hog heaven, my cock was as hard as ever and as I pounded her ass, I reached around and fondled her nice big tits. I pulled on her nipples as I fucked her ass. She was yelling, “Oh yes fuck my ass, fuck me good, shove your cock deep inside my ass, I want you deep in me, oh baby fuck me, just fuck me, don’t stop.” I was not about to stop as I was really hammering her ass with long deep hard strokes. 

She finally yelled, “Don’t cum in my ass. Please don’t cum in my ass, I want to taste your cum, I want you to fill my mouth with your cock and let me suck you dry. I want to taste your nasty cock after its been in my ass.” That sounded good to me and so I slowly pulled my cock out of her ass. She spun around and with a glint in her eye, opened her mouth wide taking in my entire juiced up cock. She closed her lips around the base of my cock and slowly pulled her face back until my cock was free of her lips. She repeated the process a couple times and then began to deep throat me. It was not very long until I erupted dumping a ton of cum in her mouth. She did not spill a drop, swallowing every drop acting like she could not get enough of my dick. I could not believe how much of a real slut she was and told her so. “You are nothing but a nasty slut, a meat hole, just a free whore, wanting every guy to fuck you and to be treated like a whore.” I spit on her face as she still had my cock in her mouth.

She removed my cock from her mouth saying, “Oh yes, humiliate me, make me feel like the slut I am, abuse me just don’t hurt me.” So I spit on her some more and then rubbed the spit all over her face. She then grabbed my cock lifting it so she could suck on my balls and lick my crack. I could tell that she was getting real excited as she pulled on my dick real hard causing me to lean back giving her more access to my ass. She then licked my asshole a few times before she buried her face in my crack and began to really eat my ass. She was trying to force her tongue into my ass and wasn’t very successful but she kept trying. She then placed her lips totally around my rosebud as she began sucking. WOW, what a feeling, it felt so good. I just relaxed as she continued working over my ass. Within a few minutes, she raised her head saying, “Can you tell I love to eat ass!”

“Yes, I can definitely tell you like to eat ass and I’m telling you that you do a great job.” 

She responded, “I especially like sweaty asses; stinky, sweaty asses are the best.”

“I’ll remember that you nasty slut.” She was really getting me hot and as evident by my very erect cock, which she stroked while eating my ass. It was not long before I erupted with another load of cum. When she sensed I was about to unload, she lifted her head and held my cock so that it was pointing straight at her face and let me unload on her. 

When I finished dumping on her face, she crawled up next to me on the bed; her face had globs of cum all over it. She smiled at me as she used her finger to wipe a glob of cum from her cheek and licked it leaving her lips all shiny with cum. She said, “Want to kiss me?”

I leaned down giving her a deep kiss tasting my own cum. I slowly released her lips and licked up another glob with my tongue. She looked at me and opened her mouth flicking her tongue at me. I leaned down and wiped my tongue on hers giving her a taste of my cum before we deep kissed again. I repeated this three times until there were no more signs of cum on her face. Finally we both laid back feeling exhausted.