 As Mardi Gras approaches, the feeling of dread overcomes me. I will have to be walking these parades for two weeks, 8 miles a day, and thousands of people to control. 

I tell you of the feeling of dread I have, knowing of course you can't do anything about it, but you listening seems to help. I tell you of some of the problems which occur. It's our job to keep everyone off the streets so that the High School marching bands, and parade floats, can pass. We walk along with the bands so that no one gets hurt. 

Some of the happenings make me want to laugh. Like the time when I was walking and a guy jumped out from the crowd, landing in front of me, as he proceeds to tell me, "God, If I knew that cops looked this good I would have done something sooner to be arrested, would you please marry me." I can't help but laugh at the drunken soul, and motion him back off the street, pass the white line that edges the side of the road. As I pass, I tell the crowd. "This is my line do not cross it." Of course I then get a smart arse that doesn't want to move that will ask. "Hey Ms. cop person is that a real gun?" or "Is that thing on your side a toy?" I look at them with much conviction, and smile, saying "I don't know sir, how about I pull it out and shoot you in the foot, and then you can tell me!" He then backs off, and moves his foot from my line. 

The walk in itself is very tiring. It’s slow paced and the parade only takes one break. Usually I am lucky enough that when we break, I am at mid point of the parade route at this little store on the corner where the parade turns onto Main Street. We only have a small amount of time to do what we have to do, and get out of there. Unfortunately, while we are at this stop, it seems inevitable that someone will come up to you for help. Which means you really don't get much of a break. 

I tell you of all these things, not realizing that you were listening to every detail of the one stop that we make. You ask pertinent questions about the specific area and location. 

The time approaches as the Mardi Gras parades begin. Every day I come home and explain the crowds, and how tired I am from all the walking. Then, one day as usual, I awaken to email you letting you know I am awake and getting ready for the parade. You don't respond. This worries me, you have always responded to my emails. I continue to email until I have no other choice but to leave. With no response from you. 

I leave for the parade. As the parade begins its journey, and I begin my duty, keeping the crowds back as well as watching for any illegal activities within the crowd. I see this one person seemingly following the route with me, but behind the crowd, Thinking to myself, just a kid trying to get from one place to another. I can't really see the person, because of the crowd, just catching a glimpse from time to time. Having to deal with all the drunks on the street, keeping them back, I really don't have time to worry about this one person in particular. 

The parade route is slow, as usual. It seems to take forever before we get to our rest stop. Today seems to be particularly dreadful, with, first not hearing from you, and then having to stop a couple fights along the way. Atlas, we finally make it, my body is aching, I am tired, and I really don't want to be bothered by anyone. I go into the store and get me a coke and head to the back of the building, hoping against hope no one finds me, at least for the few minutes of rest that I so desperately need. I get there and thank god there is no one. I can still hear the noise of the crowd in front of the store, along with the music blaring from every radio, and stereo in the city. 

I lean against the building drinking my coke. From the side of the building walks this man. I think back to the parade route, remembering the few glimpses I had seen, this is the same person that was following me. The face looks familiar, but vague. 

Working in a jail I come across many people, in many walks of life, but because of the volume of people it’s hard to remember one specific individual. This face isn't the face of a criminal. Maybe someone I had seen once in court, the District Attorney's office, perhaps, or something of that nature. 

The face very handsome, striking even, looking into the brown eyes, the intelligence emitting from them. Thinking to myself, no definitely, I would have remembered this person if we had ever met. Somehow he looked very familiar. As he began to walk towards me, with such stride, and confidence, in his walk. I think GOD, what a gorgeous man. 

My heart begins to race, and I lose all sense of myself, the beauty of this man is spellbinding. All my senses perk up to his sight. My nipples become erect, while the pit of my stomach begins to tighten. My knees become weak, my breath quickens, and my love nest becomes wet with my nectar at the thought of having this man near me. I lose all sense of who I am, where I am, the noises of the crowd do not even effect me. His sight intoxicates me, as he continues to approach me, moving ever closer to me. I lean back against the building wall to steady myself. 

You stand right in front of me as our eyes lock, and my god, I realize that this is you. My dreams coming true. To actually get to feel your strong skin, look you in your eyes, hear your strong voice, smell the aromas of your scent, and to taste the sweet juices of this man I have yearned for, forever! 

My eyes water, I can't believe that this is you; I am in complete and utter awe of your presence. I gaze into your eyes and, you smile, that wonderful devilish smile you have. I whisper, "Patrick is that you?" 

You don't say anything as you lift me up, holding me against the building as you press your lips to mine. Pushing your tongue deep into my mouth, sucking and savoring the tastes of our flavors. 

Feverishly we kiss, as I feel your hands move across my breasts and you unzip the front of the uniform blouse, exposing my rounded full breasts to you, my nipples pushing hard against the white lace bra. 

Your tongue moves down my neck, kissing, sucking, and savoring the salts of my body. My head is spinning out of control, as your presence has drowned all my sense of reality. Feeling the warmth of my hot breathe against my skin, while the soft tentacles of your wet tongue move downward to my breasts. Moving my lace bra out of the way, as you cup my breasts in your hands, still kissing the cleavage. Slowly, running your tongue around my breasts, circling the fullness of them, while your warm soft palm caresses them. Your tongue moves closer to the nipple, rolling your wet velvety tongue around it, placing it in your mouth as you suck on it ravishingly. 

The sexual energies within my body becomes electrified to your touch. My body is overcome with desire. While my mind wanders back to reality, as I hear the noise of the crowd in the not so far distance. I know that my sense of timing is coming back as I know that I must get back to the parade route and soon. 

My body betrays my mind at this point as I feel the warmth and softness of your lips and mouth upon me. Your touch, while your lips suckle my erect nipples, the softness of your warm hands exploring my body, command different from me. It becomes yours to do with as you please. 

Slowly my senses return for a moment and, I hear noises coming from the side of the building, hoping that it doesn't come this way. 

I touch your face slightly. Our eyes lock upon one another’s, exclaiming to you, "Baby, I can't do this right now. Not because I don't want you, because god knows I am so wet for you. Its because we may get caught, and it wouldn't look good on me for my job." 

You look at me and slowly you whisper, finally letting me hear the sweet sound of your voice, "Baby, I have not flown out here, not to have you. You are mine, and I must have you now, must taste you now, must feel you now." 

I lose it then. All caution is thrown to the wind, as I whisper, "Baby take me I am yours." 

Lifting me up, I wrap my legs around you, as you carry me to the trees that are behind this store. 

My arms are wrap around your shoulders and neck, kissing you passionately as you walk holding me. My tongue probing down into you’re mouth wanting to taste every part of you, inhaling your erotic scents. The ones, which emit an odor of the desire burning within you, turn me on even more. The heat between my legs is overwhelming, as you kneel, laying me down on the ground before you. You begin to undo my pants, along with my duty belt, as I kick off my shoes. All the while your eyes never leaving mine. You begin to unbutton your shirt as I pull off my pants, panties, shirt, and bra, leaving me completely naked as I watch you take off your shirt, unbuttoning, and unzipping your pants pulling them down. 

I gaze upon your handsomeness, in all your muscular strength, the curves of your manliness, and your glorious manhood. I lay there in awe of this beauty that God has given to love me. 

You move on top of me as I spread my legs feeling your hardness against my clit and stomach. Slowly you kiss my forehead, my eyelids, my nose, my cheek, running your tongue over my lips, parting my mouth with them, then pressing against them hard, trying to suck all my flavors. My kiss meets yours with the same amount of urgency. Our tongues probe deep into each other’s mouths, as they dual and dance with passion. The sounds of the fires burning within heard with each breath, as they become fierce with each new movement of our bodies against one another’s. 

You begin to move your hips up and down over me, teasing me with your hardness. Feeling the wetness between my legs grow hotter, coating my opening with my juices. The rounded tip of your swollen hardness pushing harder, with each stroke against my swollen clit. Moving your mouth to my ears, kissing them, whispering, "Baby, I have wanted this for so long!" 

My heart leaps, knowing that I to have wanted this and never felt that it could be. All my dreams, here before me! Your tongue moves downward to my breasts. Kissing and suckling all around them. Taking the erect nipples in your mouth wrapping your lips around them, sucking slowly, rolling your tongue around, nibbling just a little, sending chills up and down my spine. I moan at each touch of your tongue on me. 

Taking one of my arms, kissing the shoulder, down the elbow, forearm, hands, fingers, saying, "such delicate and soft skin, much to delicate to be carrying that big old gun there little lady." I can't help but chuckle at that, as you do as well. 

You continue to slowly glide your tongue back up my arm, and again to my breasts and nipples. My body responds as my shoulders lift to your lips, pressing my breast to you. Slowly you move downward to my stomach, darting your tongue in and out of my naval. 

My sexual energy, flowing throughout my body, as it responds to your every touch. The sensations all mixed together, as I watch you move along my body. Feel the slightest touch, hear your soft cries of desire, and see the delight in your face as you savor my flavors. 

Moving your tongue down to the side of my hairline, you smile as you kiss my heart tattoo that is there, tracing the outline with your tongue. Then moving downward to the top of my thighs, feeling the heat of your breath against my sensitive skin, as you tantalize and tease my every sense. Down my knee, lifting my leg as you do this, my calve where again you come to a tattoo of a unicorn, kissing it, as you reach my ankle. Slowly you move your tongue back up again. Traveling upward you decide to move to my inner leg. Wanting you so much, the burning desires deep within me, causing me to quiver to your every touch. My hips moving up and down in motion to the warmth of your tongue going up my leg, my wetness seeping through my lips. You see this, causing you to become more excited. Your hardness becoming rigid with anticipation. 

Running your tongue up my inner thighs, while my fingers part my lips to you exposing a very swollen and pulsating clit. You begin to stroke my clit with your tongue, slow strokes as your fingers move across the edge of the lips to my wetness. Moving from my clit to my ass and back up again, making the figure 8. Over and over you do this, and, as you do, you feel my body tensing. You insert two fingers into me and find the spot that you are looking for; you begin to rub it with the tip of your finger. Knowing that I am about ready to climax, you begin to move your finger back and forth against the spot as your tongue continues to suck, stroking on my clit, with a more rapid motion. You feel the heat of my juices building, my cries of pleasure more intense, the thrust of my hips pushing my clit harder to your lips, knowing its time...tap, tap, tap, as I begin to explode, and incredible, intense multi orgasm that runs from deep within me, filling ever part of my body with the energy of this sexual experience. My hips push up to your mouth as I yell in ecstasy. Your tongue moving rapidly, as you drink the juices of my love nest, sucking it, savoring it, enjoying all that I have to offer. 

Continuing in this orgasm, you move up me, looking pleadingly into your eyes, "baby, please let me feel you in me." Placing your hardness against my clit, as the spasms of my orgasm push against the tip of your swollen gorgeous thick shaft, then moving it downward to my love nest you push the head into me. Your eyes close as you feel the warmth of my nest wrap around the swollen tip. Looking at me as you smile and ask "baby, is this what you want?" 

"Oh yes, baby, please!" In a whisper, looking deep into your brilliant eyes, as you ask again, "baby, do you want my big cock inside you?" My les then wrap around you as my wetness tightens around your thick hard cock, sucking you into me, while you hold your hips steady. 

You know it won't take much for you to explode as you push hard into me. Opening me up as you stretch me with your thick huge cock. I moan deeply at the pleasurable feeling of you filling me completely. Feeling you deep inside of me, as my orgasm continues. 

My juices surrounding you as the walls to my love nest tighten around you, the heat of my nectar soaking into the pours of your huge thick cock. You slide in and out of me, stroking harder and deeper with each thrust, my juices still continuing inside, the sexual energy, combining making this orgasm last and last. My hips push up meeting yours, my legs wrapped around you as you push harder, deeper, faster, your thrust becoming more urgent as you feel your orgasm reaching the point of no return, the heat of my orgasm against your throbbing hardness, sending sensations throughout your body. I feel you driving deeper with each thrust, your heavy balls, slapping against my wet cheeks. In and out as your balls tighten, and you feel the climax begin. Looking at you with such lust as I cry out "Cum for me baby!" "I want to feel your hot cum deep inside me." Pushing you even deeper still into me as you lift my legs into the air. You and I cry in pleasure as my climax has reached its peak, and I feel your huge cock push hard and deep into me, the heat of your juices hitting deep inside of me. Over and over again as you move in and out pushing harder and harder with urgency deep within me. Our lips lock as we kiss passionately. Our breaths becoming one with another’s, inhaling each other’s sexual essences with each breath. In and out, until we have completely drained each other of all our juices. 

Turning over so that you are now laying, with me on top of you, I feel as our juices slide down your long shaft wetting both of us. I smile at you, as I begin to creep down your gorgeous body, feeling your now softening member against my tummy, then, sliding against my warm soft breasts as I move downward. My index finger and thumb wrap around your still semi-hard glorious manhood, The glistening of our delicious nectar shining upon it. My mouth begins to salivate wanting to feast upon our juices. 

My tongue slowly parts my lips as it begins to circle the tip of your huge cock. My hot breath against your wet sensitive skin, tingling your sexual essences, making your hardness grow yet again. My lips part slightly only to enclose upon your now hardening cock. The rose petal soft tentacles of my tongue begin to suck against the swollen head, pressing against the tiny opening upon the tip while the warmth of my mouth surround you. The taste of our nectar mixed within my salivating glands, letting me drink up our intoxicating juices. 

I hear your moans of pleasure as you feel my mouth begin to move downward along your long thick shaft. My hand moves down to your heavy balls, so that my warm palm can caress and massage them. 

Inch by inch my mouth moves downward along your hard shaft, filling my mouth completely as my lips stretch open around your huge cock. Savoring all our juices as you push your hips deeper into my throat. Your hands reach holding my head while your fingers play with my long brown hair. Your hips push up to me, forcing my mouth open, driving your swollen cock head deep into my throat. Moaning, "Suck my big cock baby." "Take all of me." 

The sound of your pleasure drives me over the edge once again, as I feel myself wet with passions. My mouth pushes further down on your long thick shaft as my hand continues to caress your balls. My finger begins to move behind your balls, teasingly. Pressing slightly upward and forward, as my finger moves from behind your balls to your puckered opening, and back again. 

Pushing your hips hard to me as you feel my teasing, driving your huge cock deep into my throat, and I swallow. Feeling your swollen head against my throat as my lips touch the base of your thick hardness, brushing slightly against your heavy balls. 

"Oh yeah baby, take it all!" you moan out in pleasure. Your hips begin to work your huge cock in and out my warm wet mouth. My tongue stroking your long shaft as you slide in and out. Feeling the deep veins against your thin skin. Sucking you deeper with every push of your hips to me. My hands massaging your heavy balls, while my fingers move with more pressure against your puckered opening. 

Your hand moves to my nest as you motion me to move on my side. Your finger stroking my wet swollen clit, as two others push hard into my glistened opening. 

Feeling your balls tighten, I move my lips over your huge swollen head, sliding my tongue down along the underside of your thick cock, down to your balls. My tongue then begins to circle around them one by one, while my warm palm wraps around your hard cock and continues to stroke the long shaft up and down. My lips open to each testicle, taking it within my warm wet mouth. You feel my velvety tongue circle around it, drinking up our juices from earlier. Taking them one by one, then both together as I suck and lick them clean of our nectar. Then as I release them, my tongue slides gently behind them and touches your puckered opening slightly, circling it, but, only for a moment, as my hand continues to stroke your hardness. I hear you cry "Ohh YES baby!" Lifting your legs for me, as my wet warm tongue presses against your gspot, then, moving my mouth back up your balls, my fingers replace my lips, resuming my tease with them, as my mouth works its way back up your pulsating hardness. 

I feel your balls tightening as I begin to slide my wet, soft tongue along your throbbing vein beneath your long cock. Knowing you are near orgasm, and feeling myself near as well, as your fingers, stroke my clit and gspot. My hips buck to your hand as you push deep inside my love nest. 

My mouth opens around your swollen thick head once more, as you push hard and deep into my mouth. One hand holding my head as your hips thrust into my face, driving your hardness deep into my throat once again. My mouth filled with your delicious flavors, as I suckle and savor each inch of your gorgeous cock. My warm palm wrapped around your ample balls, while my fingers press against your puckered opening, entering your slightly, with my little finger as I push forward toward your balls. 
