 WARNING! This text file contains sexually explicit material. If you do not wish to read this type of literature, or you are under age, PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!

(c) copyright 2001 All Rights Reserved

* * * * *

By the middle of her senior year in high school, Marcie had had sex with every boy in her class, and many from other classes. It didn't matter to her whether they were good looking or ugly, she enjoyed each and every experience. She was considered by her classmates to be a nympho, but she really wasn't. What she was, was power hungry. Yes, she enjoyed most of the sex, but it was the power factor that drove her to her record breaking sexual exploits (as far as anybody knew at the time, no one else had ever screwed every boy in their class). Her sexual exploits had become legendary at Jefferson High.

Marcie was a pretty girl who had received her sex education at an early age. She and her next door neighbor had begun doing 'it' when she was 13. He was two years older and together they experimented with their bodies. She proved to be a fast learner.

The boys at Jefferson High loved her, she was good-looking and always willing to help satisfy their hearty sexual appetites. She loved to toy with them and make them beg and plead with her before she performed her magic. The boys didn't mind at all, and she felt as if she had control over them. They knew that if they needed a good blow-job or a good piece of ass, Marcie would oblige, however, she was always in control. They may have been on top some of the time, but she controlled all of the action, and they didn't mind one bit. They would willingly submit to her dominance, just to get a fantastic blow-job or a great fuck. With all of the practice that she had had, she gave the best blow-jobs, bar none.

Most of the girls considered her a slut and a tramp, and would have nothing to do with her. A few of the girls would speak to her on occasion, but she had no real friends, she was a loner.

Some of the girls actually envied her because the boys would tell them how good she was. Linda, one of the prettiest and most popular girls in school, was one of these who both hated and envied Marcie. Linda was the head cheerleader and had been dating George, the star quarterback. Everyone said that they made the perfect couple.

Even though she envied her popularity, Linda had often shown her contempt for Marcie. She treated her like she was a tramp, not worthy of her attention. However, after George had told Linda several times, in response to Linda's questions, that Marcie was much better at giving head than she, Linda made a bold move. She went up to Marcie one day at school and asked Marcie to meet her at the soda shop after school. Marcie was dumbfounded, she couldn't believe that one of her chief antagonists would actually want to speak to her, but her curiosity got the best of her and she agreed.

Linda wanted to talk to Marcie alone, so they sat in a booth by themselves at the soda shop. All of the other kids were a bit amazed that Linda would even be seen talking to Marcie in public.

After they had ordered their sodas, Linda got right to the point. "You probably think that I'm a snob and a bitch, and in some ways you're right. I don't agree with, or like, how freely you use your body with the boys."

"You hit the nail on the head so far," Marcie said. "So why are we here?"

"I need something from you. Considering the way that I've treated you in the past, I wouldn't blame you if you just told me to fuck off."

"I'll reserve the right to do just that, after I find out what you want, go on."

"Welllll, I would like you to teach me how to give good head," Linda blurted out as her face turned red.

Marcie was flabbergasted. "What?" Marcie recovered, smiled, paused a minute and asked, "Why?"

Head down, no longer looking Marcie in the eye, Linda replied, "I love George and I want to do my best to please him."

"He's not happy with your blow-jobs?"

"He's never complained, but when I asked him who's given him the best blow-job, he's told me how good you are. I want to be just as good, but only for him."

"Admirable, Linda, very admirable. If I should agree to your request, just how do you propose we go about it?"

Linda looked up again, and answered, "I've thought about it and have a suggestion, but first, will you do it?"

"I'm intrigued and I might, but you need to fill me in on the details first."

Linda proceeded to outline her plan. She would get a dildo and they would get together in private and practice on that. Then, after Marcie thought Linda was ready, they would get George to agree to let them both do their magic on him at the same time, to further refine Linda's technique.

Marcie howled. "Wow! A three way with your boyfriend!" She was getting aroused just thinking about it, so was Linda. "You must really be desperate."

"I am. I love George and don't want to lose him just because I can't give him good head."

"OK, I'll do it," Marcie stated excitedly.

"What do you want in return?"

"Nothing, absolutely nothing. This will be fun, fun, fun," Marcie replied, with a big grin on her face. "When do we start?"

"How about right now. My parents are still at work, we could go to my house and get started."

"What about the dildo?"

"I already have that," Linda responded with a smile.

On the way to Linda's house Marcie started asking some questions. "Do you swallow? Do you deep throat him? Do you lick and nibble on his balls? Do you tongue his ass hole?"

"No, no, no and no. I sort of expected that I'd have to swallow eventually, but I've not been able to do it yet. The same with his balls and deep throating, but I never expected to have to lick his ass hole."

"Licking his ass hole is not mandatory, but you should consider doing it when you know that he's clean. It'll drive him wild. How about sticking a finger up his ass hole?"

"That, I think I can do."

"Make sure it's lubricated. Use your pussy juices to lubricate your finger," Marcie instructed.

She continued, "Swallowing, deep throating, ball licking and nibbling are all mandatory. Let's talk about swallowing first. Semen is not called 'man-juice' for nothing. There is little else a woman can do for a man that's more erotic and that will please him more than swallowing his cum. It shows him that you care about him and are willing to do anything to please him. He finds this pleasurable because he thinks his cum is slimy and disgusting. It's not, I've tasted quite a bit of cum, and I can tell you first hand that it's actually pretty good once you get used to the consistency. It's the slimy consistency that turns most girls off, but if you can get past that, you'll like it. Every guy's cum tastes different, though. Most of it is pretty good, but there's some that's not so good. It's been so long since I've blown George that I can't remember what his cum tastes like."

"Deep throating is not hard, but does take some practice. The dildo may be too big to start out with. I might suggest a banana, or even a carrot to practice with. I can't remember how George is hung. Is he real big?" Marcie asked.

"I don't have anything to compare him with, but he's a lot smaller than my dildo." 

"OK, then start off with a banana. The dildo will be good for the sucking and licking techniques, but not for deep throating."

They arrived at Linda's house and immediately began with the dildo. The blow-job lessons went on every day for a week. Linda practiced on her own with the dildo and bananas. At the end of the week, Marcie finally told Linda that she was ready for the acid test - George's cock.

Linda then proceeded to make a date with George. She told Marcie that he was beside himself with excitement when she told him of her plans. He just couldn't believe what was going to happen to him. They agreed to pick Marcie up about 9:00 PM Saturday and drive to a secluded spot, and Marcie anxiously agreed.

George and Linda arrived on schedule, Marcie jumped in the back seat and away they went out to the designated location. When they got there, George and Linda hopped in the back seat with Marcie, George in the middle.

"OK stud, let's see your equipment," Marcie commanded to George. He quickly lowered his pants and briefs to expose his 7 inch hard-on. He was ready!

"Not bad, Georgey, not bad at all," Marcie said. "Linda, one thing that I forget to mention. Guys love to gaze at your tits while you're sucking them. Take off your top and bra and I'll do the same." Linda complied.

"Nice tits Linda," Marcie told her.

"Yours are pretty nice too," Linda responded. George agreed with both of them as he lustily stared first at Linda's, then Marcie's tits and excitedly erect nipples.

"I'm going to start on him, you bend over and watch my technique closely. When you feel that you're ready, you can take over," Marcie said as she proceeded to take hold of George's cock and began her demonstration. Her expert mouth and tongue had George moaning with pleasure almost immediately.

After a few minutes of studying Marcie's technique closely, Linda offered, "I'm ready now." Marcie moved off George's cock and Linda took over. She tried to remember all of the things that she was taught, but was soon reminded that she had her personal trainer and coach right there in the car with her. Marcie gave her instructions and encouragement.

George continued to moan with delight. "You're doing great, baby. Keep it up."

I wasn't more than a couple of minutes before Marcie noticed that George began breathing heavier. She leaned over and whispered into Linda's ear. "It's time for the finger-in-the-ass-hole trick."

Linda reached her left hand down into her crotch and moistened her middle finger with her pussy juices, which were flowing freely at that point. She then managed to get her hand under George's ass and started feeling for his puckered hole, he flinched a bit when she found it. She slowly circled it with her finger, and when she felt it relaxing a bit, she inserted the finger. As soon as she did that, George let out a loud moan and began to tighten up.

"This is it," Marcie said. "Get ready for that fantastic load of man juice that George is going to give you." As she said that, she reached over to Linda's right tit and began rubbing and pinching the nipple. Linda jumped at first, but then began to moan herself. It turned her on even more and she was more than ready when George shot his load into her mouth, spurt after spurt came out of his cock. Linda swallowed it all like an expert, not a drop leaked out.

When George was done, Linda removed his cock from her mouth, licked her chops, looked up at Marcie and smiled. "You were right, it's actually pretty good!" She then proceeded to lick the residual cum off the tip of George's cock. "How did I do George?" Linda asked.

"You were great baby, absolutely fantastic," George replied with a satisfied smile on his face.

"Georgey boy. I want you to realize just how much pride Linda had to swallow just to talk to me, let alone ask me for help. She did it because she loves you. I just hope you appreciate her and return her love, the two of you do make a great couple."

George assured her that he did appreciate everything Linda had done for him. He then reassured Linda that his love for her was very deep.

Marcie looked over at Linda and said, "This is just the beginning. You know what they say: practice makes perfect." Linda, George and Marcie all chuckled over that one.

Marcie then looked at George again and said, "Now what are you going to do for Linda? She's hot as hell, can't you tell? Look how erect her nipples are. Reach your hand down to her pussy and see how wet she is, she needs some attention too."

"What do you suggest?" George asked.

"Well, I thought you might like some pussy eating lessons." They all had another good laugh over that one.

George took the suggestion, as he removed Linda's panties, and dove into her cunt, tongue first. Marcie fingered herself as she watched intently, occasionally giving an instruction to George. It only took a couple of minutes for Linda to convulse into an intensive orgasm.

"WOW! George, that was fantastic."

When Linda recovered, she and Marcie both noticed that George's cock was hard as a steel rod again. Linda looked at Marcie, then at George's cock.

After a short pause to compose herself, Linda offered, "George, you know that we can't fuck yet, I'm not ready for that. Why don't you fuck Marcie while I watch?"

Marcie and George both gasped at the same time, "What?"

"We both owe Marcie a lot and I can see that you're ready for more action. Marcie is obviously hot too. I can encourage you to do it this one time if you promise to never fuck anyone else but me in the future."

"I don't want to fuck anyone else but you ever, not even now," George stated as Marcie was lowering her panties. She was indeed hot and needed some relief, and she readily agreed that George's hard cock would do very nicely.

It didn't take Linda long to convince George that it was truly OK with her. Marcie had her legs spread and was poised for action. George mounted Marcie, slammed his cock into her well-lubricated cunt and began to fuck her in earnest. As they were going at it, Linda began playing with George's balls and his ass hole with one hand and Marcie's left tit with her other hand. Marcie came first, and George soon thereafter, spurting his second load of cum into Marcie's pussy.

When George pulled his dick out of Marcie, Linda stared at Marcie's cum dripping pussy with wide-eyed amazement. Marcie noticed this and asked her if she wanted to taste George's cum mixed with her pussy juices. Without hesitation, Linda first cleaned George's cock off with her tongue, then leaned over George's lap and began to lick Marcie's pussy.

Marcie soon reached another major orgasm. When Linda finished and Marcie recovered, she said, "Wow! That was unbelievable! That was a first, even for me. Probably hard to believe, right?"

Linda just smiled with a look of accomplishment and licked the residual pussy juices and cum from around her mouth.

"You know I have to return the favor, don't you?" Marcie said as she pushed Linda back and went straight for her pussy.

Linda soon came with reckless abandon. All the while George watched, he had been getting more and more aroused as these two beautiful girls were pleasuring each other right before his disbelieving eyes.

When they recovered, Linda said, "That was wonderful, Marcie. Maybe we can do it again sometime."

"I'm all for it. What do you think, George?"

"Oh, yeah. Go for it."

Linda spotted George's hard-on and proceeded to hone her cock sucking techniques one more time as she sucked him dry. George was sure that he had died and gone to heaven.

Linda and Marcie became friends, and occasional lovers. Linda drew the line when it came to sharing George, though. She wanted him all to herself.

Linda did ask Marcie if she would be available for fucking lessons, "Just in case I need them."

* * * * *

Any and all comments are appreciated.