 "I've been told I do a pretty good Linda Lovelace impression."

I was in the screening room of the A/V department in the basement of the library at Sangamon State University, watching Deep Throat with Marcie Madison. She was a full-time staffer and I was a grad student working a great part-time job. At the moment, I was just a bit flustered.

"I didn't know you did voice impressions," I said as I turned to look at Marcie. She was seated in the row behind me.

She raised one eyebrow. "I'm not talking about her voice," she said.

I was stunned. I'm not really accustomed to females coming on to me like that. So it took me a moment to decide to stand up, move to the chair next to Marcie, and sit down.

"Prove it," I said. I was afraid my voice would crack if I attempted any more words.

Marcie didn't hesitate. She reached over and undid my belt, opened and unzipped my pants and got both pants and briefs down to my ankles quicker that I could have. Then she inhaled my penis – in one gulp, Marcie's nose was in my pubic hair. 

I think I may have said, "Gak!"

Marcie's head started bobbing up and down as she sucked hard, pausing at the end of my penis every few strokes to swirl her tongue around the head and then sliding her mouth right back down the length of my cock. She was deep throating me with no problem at all.

I'd like to be able to describe all the things she did, because I know she brought me to the edge of orgasm a couple of times and slowed me down before continuing. But the fact is, this was my first ever blowjob and I blanked out just a little bit. I wasn't a virgin, but I had not yet met a woman who would give me oral sex. At this point in my life, I was convinced that blowjob queens were like unicorns – mythical creatures that didn't really exist.

But Marcie was real, and she was sucking me like a brand new vacuum. I know I was enjoying it, and I remember how my hips started jerking up and down on their own and I shouted out a warning.

"Marcie! I'm gonna come!" I yelled

She just grabbed hold of my hips and sucked even harder. She clamped her lips on the head of my cock and sucked and I blew. As the intense pleasure waves of orgasm rocketed all the way to my toes, I felt the cum rush out of me and I also got so lightheaded I nearly saw stars. I was experiencing literally one of the best orgasms of my life, and I felt like I shot a gallon into Marcie's hot wet mouth.

She swallowed everything I gave her, pulling her mouth off my cock and licking up and down the length to clean me up as I sagged into my chair. I was breathing hard and trying to get myself back under control when I noticed her breath near my ear.

"So how did you like my Linda Lovelace impression?" she whispered.

I responded by grabbing her face and kissing her passionately, snaking my tongue into her mouth and exploring all around that cavity that gave me such pleasure. Yeah, it tasted all spermy but I didn't care. I wanted her to know how much I appreciated the best blowjob ever.

When I broke the kiss and pulled back, Marcie giggled. "So you liked it, huh?"

My breathing was still a little labored, so I just nodded my head up and down. 

Marcie liked to wear dresses that were fitted on top with a loose, flowing knee-length skirt. I'm sure there's a name for that style of dress, but I always think of Marcie when I see one. I always see her hourglass figure and her glossy black hair. Tonight's dress was royal blue, and I knew I could easily push the hem of the dress from her knees all the way up to her hips. So I did.

As I did that, I grabbed hold of her panties and pulled them down her thighs. It didn't really register at the moment that her panties were also royal blue and very lacy.

Once I got her panties to her knees they dropped to the floor. I lifted under her knees, put her legs on my shoulders, and dove into her pussy. Which was already wet.

Although my girlfriends had never offered to give oral sex, they really enjoyed receiving oral sex. So I learned how to pleasure a woman with my mouth, and I wanted to show off for Marcie.

I started with a long lick between her vaginal lips and a quick tease on her clit and then slid my tongue into her channel. I smashed my face into her pussy and fucked my tongue in and out, keeping a tight grip on her ass cheeks with both hands. That wasn't easy, because my mouth was making Marcie bounce around a bit in her chair.

I pulled back out of her pussy and sucked up and down each vaginal lip before plunging back in with my tongue and flicking it in and out. I pulled out again, did a long, slow lick from the bottom of her pussy up to the top and ran my tongue around her clit a couple of times. Then I latched onto her clit with my lips and sucked hard as I slid my middle fingers into her and searched for the soft spongy spot.

As I found it and stroked it in time with my sucking on her clit, I felt Marcie's hips jerking harder. It was becoming more difficult to hang on with just one hand as I stroked inside her with the other hand. That's when I noticed the noises she was making.

"Oh, oh, oh, god, oh, yes, oh, oh, GOD PAUL YES THAT'S IT!!! AHHHHHHH!!"

She was thrashing in her chair and I was trying to stay on her clit as the orgasm washed through her and her fluids leaked all over my hand. I pulled that hound out and grabbed her hip to try and keep her from hurting me. After a moment she sagged and I eased off her clit, softly kissing up and down her vaginal lips.

I sat up on my chair with a smile on my face. Marcie's eyes were closed and her mouth was hanging open. She was sitting sideways on her chair, leaning back with her hands braced against the seat of the chair next to hers. He skirt was still bunched up around her waist, her pubic hair was wet and matted and I could see that her vaginal lips were red and puffy.

I was fully erect and rock hard and moved toward her when she stopped me with a word.

"No," she said softly. "If we try to do anything else here we'll get caught for sure." She opened her eyes and smirked. "I'm a bit of a noisy fuck, as you could probably guess. If we get caught we'll both get fired, and we don't want that."

I smiled. "Well, I just want to thank you for some of the best sex I've ever had," I said.

Marcie chuckled as she reached for her panties. She got them over her feet and pulled them up to her knees before standing. She looked directly into my eyes as she drew them all the way up and then smoothed her skirt down over her thighs.

"We're not done for tonight, stud, not by a long shot," she said. "We'll discuss things after work."

I got a Marcie smile before she walked out of the screening room to check on the front desk. She left it up to me to rewind Deep Throat and put it away.

As I worked, I thought about how I'd gotten to this point. I had applied for a part-time campus job working a few nights in the A/V department before learning how difficult the work was for some people. Out of seven of us invited to a two-day training session, only two got hired to actually do the job.

The work itself involved delivering film projectors to classrooms with the film mounted, threaded and ready to play. We delivered other equipment as well, including slide projectors, filmstrip projectors and stereos, but film projectors were the most popular item and, as I learned, the most difficult for some people to use.

During the training, three of the other guys who had applied for the job simply couldn't figure out how to thread a film projector. I was stunned – I used to do this stuff in high school. At the end of two days, it was clear that a guy named Andy and I were the only ones in the group who would be working for the A/V department.

That was fine with me. Evening classes ran from 6 to 9; I clocked in at 5 and checked the list of required media and equipment for the evening. Usually I only had three or four to set up; five was a very busy night and that happened maybe twice that semester. Most nights I was done delivering equipment to classrooms by a quarter to six. That meant I could study for at least three solid hours.

One night I got bored and started checking things out around the department. Although most films shown by faculty were on loan from other libraries, we did have a small collection of some classic films. One of those was Citizen Kane. A good friend of mine was a huge fan of that film, so I asked Marcie if inviting someone in was accepted.

"Just don't invite a gang of people in here," she said with a frown. Marcie didn't really like student workers, and she had been cold to me since I started work there.

"Yeah, I was just going to see if one friend of mine would like to see Citizen Kane in the screening room," I told her. She shrugged.

So I set up the screening, my buddy showed up on the appointed night, and Marcie sat in the back of the room to watch with us. After my friend thanked us both and left, Marcie seemed a lot friendlier toward me. Apparently the way my friend and I behaved passed some sort of test she had in her mind.

Anyway, after I had retrieved all the hardware and media from classrooms the night of the Citizen Kane screening, Marcie came up to me with a smile and a bit of a twinkle in her eye.

"Did you know Curt has a copy of Deep Throat?" she asked. Curt was the department manager, meaning he was our boss.

"Uh, no I didn't know that," I replied. This new attitude from Marcie had me off balance.

"Yep!" she said. "It's a funny movie and I know where he hides it. Wanna watch it next week when you're working again?"

"Sure," I said.

"Good," Marcie replied. "It's a date!"

So that's how we came to be watching a '70s porno in a university basement room and engaging in illicit oral sex. I was a little shaky after our mutual orgasms, so it took me a little longer to retrieve equipment that night. Marcie seemed a bit irritated when I got back to the department.

"Took you long enough," she snapped. "It's not nice to keep a horny girl waiting."

I smiled. "Sorry Marcie," I said, "I guess I had a bit of a case of butter fingers."

"Yeah, well, wipe the butter off your fingers and let's get out of here," she said. "I've already closed the front desk and clocked you out. Where's your car?"

I opened the back door and she strode out ahead of me as I shut off the lights. I caught up to her and led her to my car. I don't remember which shitbox car I was driving at the time, but it had two features Marcie was looking for at that moment: four doors and a roomy back seat.

I drove us to the local lovers' lane, which was a lookout point on the lake located just five minutes from campus. As soon as I had the car in park, Marcie was out the front and getting into the back seat. I joined her and she pulled me into a searing hot kiss.

"God you got me all worked up in there," she gasped when she broke the kiss. "It's been one hell of a long time since anyone's licked my pussy like that."

She mashed her mouth back on mine and started exploring my mouth with her tongue. I joined in and toyed with her tongue as I could feel her hands on my pants. Once again she had my pants and briefs down in a flash. Both of her warm hands fondled my rock hard prick as I slid my hands up her thighs to play with her warm wet pussy.

Marcie broke off the kiss again. "Do you have any interest in seeing my tits?"

I couldn't help it; I broke out laughing. "Nobody has ever asked me that before, but you got me awfully distracted earlier," I told her. "Yes, I would love to see your tits."

Marcie quickly undid the row of buttons that ran down the middle of the front of her dress. For the first time, I noticed that the buttons ran from the collar of the dress all the way down to the hem. Marcie unbuttoned to the waist, then opened the front clasp on her bra, which was royal blue and lacy like her panties. I began to wonder if she had planned this evening ahead of time when I stopped thinking. Because there they were.

I sucked in some air as I stared. Marcie had perfect breasts. They were a perfect handful, which I quickly discovered by cupping them in my hands. They were unbelievably firm, jutting straight out from her chest. And they were capped by the smallest, pinkest nipples I've ever seen. Those nipples were hard as little pebbles.

I leaned forward and licked all around the right breast and moved over to lick all around the left, fondling with my hands while I worked my tongue around. I then latched onto the right nipple, sucking the bud and running my tongue around it. I moved over to the left nipple and repeated my action, following up with a little bite on the nipple.

"Oh yeah, baby, that's it," Marcie groaned. She was running her fingers through my hair as I worshipped her breasts.

I moved back to the right nipple and nibbled, getting another groan from Marcie as her hands left my head and wandered down to my groin. Both hands found my pole and fondled up and down its length.

"I wasn't kidding when I said you had me all worked up sweetie," Marcie said in between groans. "I don't need any more foreplay."

I decided to take her at her word. I moved my groin closer to hers as she lined up my penis with her target, and then I slid all the way in on the first stroke. Her pussy walls closed in tight and hot, feeling so slick it was like melted butter. I stayed there for a moment just enjoying the feeling of being in her hot wet vagina. Then I felt her hands moving onto my ass cheeks and grasping them. I pulled back and slammed back in.

"Oh baby, that's it," she moaned. 

I got into a nice, easy pace and tried to move my prick around inside her pussy, trying to hit all her hot spots. I then moved up so I could grind on her clit as I was stroking in and out, and discovered Marcie liked that. A lot.

"Yeah, honey, just like that, oh my god!"

I started thrusting stronger as I reached down with my mouth to capture a nipple. I sucked and fucked in rhythm as Marcie got louder.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!"

She tightened her grip on my butt and pulled and pushed in time with my thrusts as she fucked me, thrusting her pelvis up at me. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!"

I let go of her nipple and focused on thrusting as deep as I could, moaning along with Marcie. We began fucking faster, thrusting harder, and we both started to spasm uncontrollably at the same time.

"Oh god, I'm coming!" she yelled as her body tensed. That's all it took – I shot off inside her as I pushed one last time and held myself as deep in her as I could. I felt my sperm shoot into her and drain my energy away at the same time.

I sagged on top of her as her hands released my cheeks and ran lightly up and down my back. We were both breathing heavily.

"Oh my god, Paul, that was amazing," she gasped. "Why the hell didn't you tell me you were such a great fuck?"

I chuckled. "You never asked," I said. "And you never seemed to listen to me when I just told you stuff."

Marcie's eyes were still closed but she smiled. "Yeah, I can be a bitch on the job, but I have my reasons." She stopped talking and frowned. "Holy shit, are you still hard?"

I hadn't noticed – yes, I know that sounds stupid – but I was still hard. Rock hard, in fact.

Marcie dropped her hands back to my ass cheeks and pushed. "Come on, honey, let's get it going again," she moaned. "Make me happy one more time."

This girl had sucked me off and swallowed my come and then fucked me like a porno slut. Hell yes I was going to try to make her happy!

I bent down to suck on a nipple as I started moving in and out of her pussy again, which was wetter and slicker than before. I tried rotating around in her pussy like earlier and listened to her moan as I hit her various hot spots. I let go of her nipple and moved my face to hers and kissed her passionately, feeling her hands move up as her arms circled my neck to crush my body on top of hers.

I kept thrusting as this happened, moving faster in and out and rotating my hips. As we kept kissing I moved my cock up to grind on her clit again and she broke the kiss to yell, "Oh god keep doing that!"

She moved her hands back to my butt and pulled hard. I got the message and started thrusting hard and fast again, keeping contact on her clit as I did. I thought our rutting would last longer this time, but suddenly I felt Marcie's legs wrap around my waist as her arms moved up around my neck again as her body convulsed in the rhythm I was setting with my thrusts. And she started wailing again.

"Oh shit just like that Paul, give it to me give it to me give give give give give, AAAHHHH!!!" 

And just like that she tightened her grip even more, her arms and legs trying to crush my body as I shot off into her pussy again. I had never in my life come three times in an evening with two of them as close together as these last two. 

I felt completely drained as my body relaxed. Marcie loosened her grip and, after a minute, her legs slipped off me. Her eyes were closed and she had a dreamy smile on her face as she held onto my shoulders. She raised up enough to kiss me softly, sweetly on the lips.

"I don't know where you've been all my life, stud, but that's the best fucking I've ever had," she whispered. "I'd love more, but we gotta get our clothes on 'cause I open in the morning."

I reluctantly raised up off her body and pulled out of her. We both laughed as our bodies separated with a wet sucking sound. After slowly pulling our clothes back on, we got into the front seat and kissed again.

I started the car as Marcie dug around in her purse. She pulled out a 3 by 5 card, the kind the library used for everything, including personal notes, and handed it to me. The card listed her address and phone number.

"I wrote that down earlier and thought I'd give it to you if you impressed me enough," she said. "God, did you ever impress me!"'

"Feeling is mutual, Marcie," I replied as I put the car in gear. "But you're the one who's supposed to be the impressionist." She giggled.

"I usually like to have a date with someone before I let him fuck the living shit outta me," she said. "Since you've done the latter, can we take care of the former?"

I smiled. "You free Saturday night?" I asked.

"Yup," she said. "It's a date!"

I dropped her off at her car and got another searing hot kiss. After she had driven away, I realized something. We never actually watched Deep Throat that night.