 Margaret and I had been divorced about 3 years. Our marriage had been fairly average I had thought, even including the sex we enjoyed 2.4 times a week. It struck me hard when she told me after an argument that she was leaving me, and then did just that.

The divorce was fairly peaceful though, and we arranged a joint-custody agreement that the judge praised us for, as it was very liberal. Every weekend I would pick up our son and daughter, and spent the weekend with them. This continued for about 7 years, and Maggie and I had even become friends again, having family picnics and the like. Occasionally I would bring along a girlfriend (if I had one), and she never caused a fuss over that.

I was awakened at about 4 in the morning by a phone call. Maggie was crying, and told me that she needed to talk to somebody. I got dressed and headed on over, concerned about what was wrong. The kids were at her sister's for 2 weeks visiting, so I knew she was probably alone.

After we sat down, she told me that she had been laid off. She was a nurse, and I knew how hard the economy was at that time. After about 5 minutes, she started to sob. I gave her a long hug, and tried to reassure her. I told her that I knew many employment agencies, and would pull some strings to try and get her a job sooner. Plus I would give her some money to help ends meet. Because we each had the kids about the same amount of time (I got 1 week a month, and all vacations), there was no child support.

She thanked me, and got us both some coffee. We chatted, and before we knew it, the sun was starting to rise. We sat next to each other, sipping coffee as we watched the sun go up. "Mark, I forgot how we used to love to do this" she said, as she held my hand briefly. "Thank you for coming over like this."

"Heck," I said. "What else was I going to do, sleep?" We shared a laugh, and she went to get us more coffee. When she got back, she bent over to put it on the table, and I recognized the look on her face. I could tell without asking that her back had gone out again. We had both been in a car accident years before, and both had back problems resulting from it. I took the cups from her, and told her to lie on the floor.

I knelt beside her, and proceeded to massage her back, to loosen it up. After about 20 minutes, I made the appropriate pretzel shapes of her body, and was awarded by hearing several loud cracks. I massaged for another 15 minutes or so, until I was sure the soreness was gone. This was not to unusual, as we did this for each other from time to time. The thanked me, then offered to return the favor.

As she worked my back over, she thanked me, saying that I was always great at that. After working my back in, she massaged me as we started to talk about other things.

"What ever happened to that little redhead you were seeing?"

"Oh, she is long gone now. She was always talking about wanting to go partying, so I told her to go ahead, but that was not my style. I still see her on occasion, but it is just for the sex."

She giggled at that, and said "I would not have any idea about that."

I thought back, and was amazed. "You know, I can not remember ever hearing you or the kids talk about you ever dating. And I have never seen, nor heard you bring up a boyfriend. When was the last time you were on a date?"

"Hmmmmmmm, probably about 14 years ago" she said playfully.

"14 years? That is when we were dating, before we got married!" I was stunned. Sure, at 35 she was a little past her prime, but she still looked good. 5'6", shoulder length brown hair, and a 36D-28-38 figure. A little extra padding across her middle, but heck, I had that also.

We started to chat, and she told me that after we split up, her desire for sex stopped. She would occasionally go out with some of her friends from work, but never anything more. I was a little amazed, and asked her how she survived.

"Oh, I get by. The kids keep me busy, and between them and work, I don't need anything more."

She asked me about some of my past girlfriends. She was amazed that I had so many of them. We counted through 10 of them. She was also equally amazed that I had only had sex with 3 of them. "Like you," I said, "I don't need sex much. I mostly date for companionship. A lot of them could not handle the kids though. They wanted your typical absentee father, not one that split the time between them and her."

"I know what you mean. I have had a few offers, but most decline when they learn I have 2 kids. They do not like the idea of ready-made families."

She lay on her side next to me, and we continued to chat. I was talking, and suddenly realized that she was looking at me funny. I asked her what it was, and she shook her head as if coming out of a daze, and said it was nothing. I tried to get her to fess up, but she refused.

"Tell you what, I'll wrestle you for it."

"You're on!" she responded. After a few minutes, I had her pinned to the floor. I laughed down at her, and asked her to tell me what it was she was thinking.

"I was looking at you, and was suddenly remember our chats in bed from years ago. Back then, it seemed that that was the only place we did not argue very often."

I looked into her soft eyes, and told her that those were some very good memories for me also. I gazed into her brown eyes, and we slowly moved in to kiss. It was like the years were gone, kissing her again. It was the first time in many years.

Soon we were hugging tightly, and I moved down to kiss her neck. Maggie always loved that, and held me tight as I moved down to her shoulder, then back up to her ear. She was holding me tight, and I could feel her breasts pressing against me. It had been a long time since I had felt her like that, but a well remembered one.

Her hands roamed up and down my back, in a well rehearsed manner, one long familiar to us. I resumed kissing her lips, and caressed her back also. We were still on our sides, and we made out there like that on the floor for around 45 minutes, enjoying the feelings, but neither of us moving to the next step.

Finally, we broke apart to catch our breaths. "Wow" was all she said. She said she needed to get to bed, and I helped her off of the floor. I was about to grab my coat to head home, when she asked if I would hold her, like we used to do.

I was surprised, but agreed. She told me to go ahead and get into bed, and that she would be there in a minute. I stripped down to my underwear and climbed in, and she came in a few minutes later, dressed in a long t-shirt. She climbed in next to me, and curled up in my arms. We were both feeling worn and tired, and were soon asleep, even though it was now daylight outside.

During the day, I woke up to a very erotic half-dream. As I woke up more, I realized it was not a dream. I was lying behind Maggie, our favorite sleeping position. But one hand was under her neck and cupping her breast, and the other was sliding over her panties, caressing her mound. I stopped and started to move my hand away, when she grabbed my wrist, and placed it back between her legs.

I quietly whispered her name, wanting to wake her up so she would know what she was doing. "I am awake" she replied. "Please, don't stop. I do not want to get back with you, but it has been SOOO long, and I miss this part."

I could feel the dampness between her legs as I moved my hand, and pressed my erection against her ass. I moved back as she rolled over onto her back. We kissed deeply like we used to, and I let my hands become familiar with her body, which I knew so well. One hand slipped under her shirt to caress her breasts as the other continued to caress her through her panties. She ran her hands up and down my chest, moving them lower with each pass.

I pressed my hard cock against her thigh as I pinched her nipple, and moved to kiss her neck. "Oh, we were always good at this" she moaned, and I whispered that we were into her ear, as I lightly bit and nibbled on her ear. Maggie moaned, and held me tight as I caressed her clit through her panties. I could feel them getting damp as I caressed her through them.

I moved my hand down to lift the hem of her shirt, and she moved up to help me out. Lifting it over her head, I lowered my mouth to cover her breast. Gently I suckled on her hard nipple.

Maggie loved this, having very sensitive nipples. There were a few times I even made her cum, just by sucking on her breasts. She held me tight, caressing my back and head.

"Ohhhh, it has been so long. You still know just what I like though."

I moved from one breast to the other, then moved back to her neck. My hand was still caressing her panty covered mound, but was now wet from her juices. Her panties were completely soaked, and clinging to her.

She was now caressing me through my shorts. Pressing in, surrounding my cock with my shorts. I reached down, and slipped a finger under the leg band and caressed the side of her vulva.

It was like I shocked her. Maggie jumped, and pressed herself against my hand. Her hand on my cock slipped inside my shorts, and pulled my cock out into the open. "Ahhhhh, come here my sweet" she whispered as she held it in her hand, gently stroking it.

By this time, I was caressing her labia, her lips already wet and full of blood. I slipped my finger between them, feeling her squirm and try to get more feeling. She moaned as I removed my hand, but helped as I removed her panties, and pulled them down and off her legs with my foot.

Now I had complete access, and caressed her fully. From the top of her pubis to the bottom of her wet vagina, my fingers gently roamed and probed. Finally, I slipped a finger inside of her, caressing her inner walls.

"Oh yes, just like that" Maggie moaned, arching her hips up against my hand. I pressed my hand against her, feeling her hard clit pressing into my palm.

She was tighter than I remembered. During our marriage, I would frequently press 4 fingers into her, and on a few occasions, almost my entire hand. This time, I had to stop with only 2 fingers inside. Obviously the years of celibacy had tightened her up.

I could tell she was close, and continued to caress her clit with my thumb, as 2 fingers slipped in and out of her. But she pulled my hand away, and pulled me on top of her. "Please, oh please, I want you in me so badly" she moaned.

I kissed her deeply, and moved my hips up, feeling my cock pressing against her wet flesh. Moving up and down slowly, I felt the head move between her lips. Maggie spread her legs wider, and I felt them separate more, now surrounding the head of my cock. I moved to the spot I remembered so well, and felt myself slide into her.

Slowly, just as before, I slipped into my ex-wife. She was much tighter than before, and responded like she had not done since our honeymoon. The passion we gave each other was very intense.

Neither of us did anything fancy, just slow, tender, passionate lovemaking. The gasps, moans, giggles, cries, squishing, and sighs were familiar, but not heard in a long time.

As she started to draw close to an orgasm, I knew I would not last much longer. I did something that always turned her on. I lifted myself off of her, and started to thrust faster, only my cock now touching her body. Everything else, arms, legs, hips, belly, chest, was no longer touching her. I watched her eyes close, and knew she was close.

Remembering how we did this in the past, I moved one leg outside of hers, and she moved hers inwards. I did the same for the other leg, until we were screwing with her legs together, and my legs on the outside. I was still on top, and this made her feel even tighter.

This was normally how we finished. We had discovered that she had stronger orgasms this way, and sometimes even multiple ones. Her moans and gasps grew louder, and I felt her legs bend, pressing me in tighter. I knew this was it, and shortened my strokes, pressing harder on the in stroke, and lowering my head to suck on her breasts.

But Maggie almost ripped my head up, and kissed me deeply as she came, pressing herself tight against me, tongue in my mouth as her pussy squeezed and milked my cock. I could take no more, and blasted, moaning into her mouth as several large bursts of sperm went into her tight pussy.

I collapsed on top of her, now kissing more passionately. We cuddled and caressed, catching our breath as I felt myself starting to soften inside of her. This was something we always loved, staying connected as I softened and slowly slipped out.

But this time, it did not work that way. I softened half way, then was amazed as I felt myself harden again. Maggie moaned, and squeezed her thighs around me, grasping my ass to pull me up tighter into her.

"Oh yes, please. Once more would be so good."

Never being one to want to disappoint a lady, I started to stroke again, hearing that squishing sound we loved so well. But then she pushed me back slightly, and moved her legs outwards. Once on the outside of mine again, she rolled us over, and I smiled as I settled onto my back.

I reached up to cup her breasts as she smiled down at me, her hair dropping around her face. It was like we were young again, both in our early 20's, and hot for each other's bodies. She continued to move, fucking us as we watched each other. I saw those familiar faces again, and knew that she was in great pleasure.

I laid back, just watching her, and trying to keep myself under control. Finally, I could tell she was close, and pulled her down to me. We kissed as Maggie moaned, and ground herself against me, cumming again. I could feel her pussy clenching me inside, and the flow of our juices covering my groin.

As she regained her breath, she whispered that I had not cum yet. I told her I was not quite ready, and started to move my own hips. She kissed me and moaned, feeling my cock thrusting up into her again.

I continued this for some while, just enjoying the pleasure. I moved my hands down, and slipped a finger into the secret spot that I knew drove her wild. My fingers slipped into her ass crack, caressing the skin between her cheeks. We never did any anal play, but this was her secret "on button", and rarely failed to get her even hotter.

This was no exception, and she was soon gasping as another orgasm overtook her. "No, not me, YOU!" she moaned as she came again. Another wave came, then another. I knew she would be sore, so I moved faster, lowering my resolve. As she came for the 5th time in a row, I thrust up one last time, cumming as my sperm filled her again.

She collapsed on top of me, kissing passionately and holding each other tight. I caressed her back and ass for almost 20 minutes, finally stopping after I softened enough to slip out of her body, and she rolled over onto her back next to me.

We talked for some time afterwards, and came to an agreement. On occasion, we would have sex if it seemed right, with no other obligations. We were not "together again", nor even thinking of it. This was simply sex for the sake of sex. But even so, we are closer than we had been since the divorce. The kids notice it as well, and seem to like it.

I do not think we will ever actually ever get back together. But I am closer to her, and we were always each other's favorite sex partner. Besides, who really knows what the future may bring?