 "Steven, you have to do something about Maria."

Those were the words that greeted me when I got home from a hard day's work. Not something I wanted to hear.

Let me introduce the cast of characters. I'm Steven, a lovable young man, handsome, intelligent, fit, gainfully employed, financially well off, and a lawyer. 

The person lodging their complaint with me was my Grandmother, Isabel. Isabel in my opinion was a crotchety old bitch with inbuilt arrogance for which she had absolutely no justification. She'd married young, leeched off my Grandfather until he died (probably happy to do so), and was theoretically living with my parents who, opting for a world cruise, had dumped her on me for six months. If my parents wanted another cruise they would find that I'll have bought the old harridan an extra ticket, just so that she could accompany them.

Maria was my Grandmother's companion. Having to work I couldn't be at my Grandmother's beck and call twenty four hours a day, a situation that she found intolerable. Hence the companion. I had personally interviewed a number of applicants, looking for a mouse who wouldn't mind being snarled at constantly, worked hard, and never thanked. 

The first girl I hired lasted an hour. Before Maria, the longest time for a companion had been three days. Maria had lasted two months and there was only a month to go. I did not want to lose Maria. Not that I'd stand in her way if she wanted to run. (I also didn't intend to hire another companion, unless I could find a prison guard or a nurse from an insane asylum who wanted a temporary position.)

"What's the problem with Maria?" I asked.

"I cannot abide rudeness," snapped Isabel, which was news to me as she was a past-master at it. I think she might have had a doctorate in it. 

"The girl was insulting to me, just because I asked her to do something. Heaven knows, I don't ask her for much and it is why she was hired."

"Why don't you tell me what happened?" I suggested, and settled down to listen.

For the next half hour I was regaled with the ingratitude of that ingrate to whom, out of the kindness of her heart, my Grandmother had offered a job. What I eventually determined was that Maria had said something rather rude to my Grandmother. What I didn't need was Isabel's parting shot.

"I told that miserable girl that you would beat her. She's up in her room now, sulking."

"Grandmother," I said carefully, "I'm a lawyer. It's my job to resolve problems, not create them. I suspect that beating Maria just might cause a few problems. For a start, she would resign."

"Not if she wants any sort of a reference," snapped Isabel. "Besides, she has it easy here. She's not going to resign just because you beat her. I'd do it myself, but I'm an old lady who everyone takes advantage of."

All things considered I could see the best thing to do would be to give Maria a month's pay in lieu of notice and send her off with a glowing reference. Isabel would have to go without a companion for a month. I told Isabel I'd handle things and headed off to brace Maria.

I knocked on Maria's door and entered when told to, closing the door behind me. If I hadn't, Isabel would have been snooping, watching to see what happened.

"Tact and diplomacy," I said, frowning slightly. "I believe that these were the key words I used when describing your duties?" 

Maria blushed. She was a cute little thing. I don't think she was actually shy, just a rather private person, slow to let people get to know her.

"I've been tactful and diplomatic, honest. It's just that nothing I do pleases her."

"I also believed that I warned you of that, as well," I reminded her. "And, really, calling your employer a contentious old cow is not considered either tactful or diplomatic, at least, not in any book of etiquette that I've come across."

Maria blushed even harder.

"I didn't say it to her," she protested. "I muttered it under my breath as I was going to fetch her needle work from where-ever she happened to leave it. For the fourth time today. It's not my fault she can't be bothered to put it away when she's finished with it. It's not my fault she got ears like a bat, either."

"It's not your fault that she's vindictive, but she is. She wants me to beat you."

"I know. She told me. So what happens now?"

"Unfortunately, I think the best thing for you is for us to come to a parting of the ways. I'll pay out the rest of your contract and give you an excellent reference."

"But I'd lose my bonus, wouldn't I."

(I had promised Maria a decent bonus if she could last until my parents got back and took Isabel away. Leaving early meant no bonus.)

"You would," I agreed. "That bonus was conditional on serving the full term." 

"Oh. In that case I'd rather stay on."

"You're kidding."

"Not really. I have my board here so I'm able to save most of my wages and with the bonus I'll be far better off. I can put up with Isabel for another month."

"I've already told you she's vindictive. She'll be out to make you lose your temper." 

"I'll smile and simper and not notice. Have you noticed how that irritates her?"

I had. I just hadn't been sure if the little vixen was doing it on purpose. It seemed she was.

"We're still left with one little problem. Isabel will ask me if I gave you your beating. She won't countenance you staying without one. She'll make my life miserable until I discharge you. So how do you feel about a mild beating?"

"Well, really," said Maria, indignant. "Just tell her that you gave me one. You don't actually need to."

"First, it's bad practice to lie to Isabel. I think she's a mind reader. Second, she's probably listening at the door, hoping to hear the sound of the beating."

"She damned well would be, wouldn't she."

I watched as Maria chewed over the problem.

"Um, what would the beating entail?" she asked.

"Not much," I said, smiling. "I'll just have you bend over the end of the bed and give you a small spanking. Noisy, but relatively painless. You can supply additional sound effects if you wish. If you think it's too much you can always tell me to stop."

"Telling you to stop and having you actually stop might be two different things," Maria pointed out.

"No need to panic. If you say stop, I'll stop."

Taking her agreement for granted (it helps people to make up their mind if you act as though they have already agreed) I took Maria's arm and steered her over to the bed, encouraging her to bend over.

"Now, let's see how we go about this," I said softly, lifting her dress up and away from her behind. "These will have to go, for a start."

I very deftly lowered her panties, one hand holding her in position as she started to rear upright again.

"Hold on," she said with a gasp. "What are you doing?"

"Be reasonable," I told her. "I can't be expected to spank you properly with panties on. It's just not done."

With that I started rubbing her bottom, stroking down and continuing across her mound, rubbing all the while.

"You're supposed to be spanking," came an anguished hiss.

"Don't rush me. I'll get around to it. I just want to make sure you're in the proper mood for a spanking. It helps if you've been warmed up a little first." I continued my massaging.

"Um, I think I'd rather you just got on with the spanking. I'm warmed up enough, I assure you."

"Some people are so impatient," I grumbled. "However, if you insist?"

"Yes, I insist. Stop touching me like that."

Doing as requested I stopped rubbing, bringing my hand down in a stinging little slap. Some people are just not easily satisfied.

"That's not my bottom. You're supposed to be spanking my bottom."

"No, I'm not," I denied, happily directing some more spanks against her mound. "I just said I'd give you a small spanking. I didn't specify where. I think you'll find that this will be easier than having your bottom turned red." 

I was doing my best to not give her time to think. If she managed to collect her thoughts she'd be yelling stop in nothing flat. As it was she was squirming under my touch, breathing hard, the series of quick sharp slaps arousing and exciting her.

When I judged that Maria had warmed up nicely I tried a little trick to see if it would push her over the edge. Instead of raining those little blows on her pussy I gave her a couple of hard spanks on her bottom. She squealed, but then I switched back to a firm slap against her mound and she climaxed. I held my hand cupped over mound as she shuddered, a very surprised groan coming from her. I gave her a few moments to settle down.

"OK, Maria, I think you're warmed up. We can start the proper beating now."

She arced up a bit with that comment.

"What? I thought that was the spanking. What do you mean, proper beating?"

For answer I stroked my erection back and forth along her slit, rubbing it against her lips. Her nice wet lips. She was no fool. She knew exactly what was being rubbed against her.

"You're kidding," she whispered. "Please tell me you're kidding."

I didn't say anything. I just positioned myself properly and began to press. Her lips were soft and swollen and slightly parted. As my hard length started pressing firmly against them, they yielded, letting me by. Maria gasped when the head of my cock moved into her, her lips closing around me, holding onto their prize.

"I didn't agree to this," she protested, while I pushed further along the slippery slope, feeling it alternately yielding then closing around me to hold me. I was the invader, but I was also the prisoner.

I didn't say anything, concentrating upon more immediate things, like making sure I was fully in her before she decided to tell me to stop. She might not have agreed to this, but she hadn't stopped me paddling her pussy, nor had she yet told me to stop what I was doing.

With a little slap my groin closed with Maria's, my cock fully inside her. I stayed like that for a few moments, waiting to see what she would do.

"You said you'd stop if I said to," she protested.

I pulled back and slid quickly back into her.

"I did say that," I admitted. "I will also stick to our agreement. I'm just hoping that my doing this will distract you and prevent you saying stop." I demonstrated the 'this' by pulling back and driving in a lot harder.

Maria gave a small squeal, but by no stretch of the imagination could it be interpreted as a command to stop, so I kept going. It only took a couple more thrusts and Maria was pushing back to meet me, the slap of our bodies coming together sounding loud in the room. We fell into a natural rhythm, bouncing hard against each other, flesh rubbing against flesh, the friction heating us, a heat out of all proportion to the effort being put in.

We kept on going, slowly building up speed. As far as I was concerned, if you have to beat a woman, this was the best way to do it. From the gasps and squeaks coming from Maria, she wasn't complaining. Neither was she calling stop, thank god.

My earlier, ah, administrations shall we say, had got her nicely excited. With the swordsmanship I was now exhibiting, Maria was very quickly coming to another climax. Not that I was going to complain. She felt so good, wrapped around me the way she was, I wouldn't have been surprised to find myself climaxing with that initial thrust. (Embarrassed maybe, but not surprised.)

As it was, with Maria coming along so nicely, I felt safe in letting rip. I started thrusting in faster, quite happy to give my all for the cause. One last hard thrust and I was climaxing, really giving my all. Maria sort of gave a muffled shriek and I could feel her closing tightly around me, holding me firmly while her climax tore through her, letting all her passions run riot within her.

"Right," I said after a while. "I think we can both agree that I've give you a substantial beating and you'll be on your best behaviour from here on in."

"My absolute best," agreed Maria. "If I slip up again you might feel compelled to beat me again, and I'm sure the thought of having to subjugate a poor young woman with such unwarranted violence offends your every male instinct." 

"It does, it does," I agreed. "However, fear of Isabel means that I would overcome my protective instincts in favour of self-survival, so do at least try to behave. It's only for a month."

"There again, I can't help but feel that an occasional beating might be worth it, if I get to tell her what I think of her," mused Maria, giving me a smug look. 

Oh, lord. I have visions of a female war erupting in my household. I knew what the first casualty would be. My peace and quiet.