 I know Marie was sent as a chaperone. I don’t actually blame Michelle’s parents. Michelle was only 16 and spending the weekend at the shore with two 18-year-old guys. I know her parents trusted all of us and knew that Rob and I both felt like Michelle was the little sister neither of us had, but, still, she was their baby. They were just being careful. 

It was kind of nice, too. Rob, Michelle and I were lying out on the beach not far from our hotel when Marie showed up with her roommate, Jane. There were plenty of sexy ladies in small bathing suits around us on the beach, but now two of them were lying right there with us. Marie was wearing a dark blue bikini, not too risqué but very sexy on her thin physique. Jane was also in a bikini but she had a more curvy figure than Marie and showed it off well in a brown string bikini.

Marie and I always flirted, it was just a given and that day was no different. In fact, I had bought a Ring Pop and presented it to her on bended knee. We had fun, but I never really expected anything to ever happen between us. For one thing, I had already had sex with two of her friends that summer. I knew the odds were really against me having sex with another woman 5 years my senior, much less one who was friends with the two I’d already been lucky enough to be with. For another thing, I’d heard a first hand account of Marie and Jane getting it on, so I wasn’t even sure that Marie was into guys.

Imagine my surprise at the sequence of events of that summer day. We had been on the beach for a few hours when Marie asked if it would be all right if she used the bathroom at our hotel. She could have asked Michelle to escort her, but she asked me. I didn’t mind, it gave me a chance to be seen with a sexy babe in a bikini, something that hadn’t happened too many times in my 18 years. 

Our hotel was a real dive, but it was right on the boardwalk and a real party spot at night. Plus, we really only needed the room for sleeping. We spent most of the weekend on the beach or the boardwalk. I think Marie was surprised that the bathroom was not actually in our room, but shared by all of the rooms on our floor. I asked if she would be more comfortable if I stood outside the door but she was okay and just said she’d come to the room when she was done. 

I knew she would be surprised by the room, too. It was just large enough for bunk beds, a dresser and a chair. In fact, our cooler took up almost all of the remaining floor space. I was sitting in the chair with my feet on the cooler drinking a beer when she came in. She just stopped in the doorway taking it all in, which didn’t take long because there wasn’t much to take in. While she was standing there, I was admiring her body, figuring I would be fantasizing about her that night. It wouldn’t be the first time.

“I hope you aren’t planning to get lucky this weekend,” she said as she looked at the bunk beds.

“I never plan on getting lucky,” I responded, “That’s why its called getting lucky.” She stepped into the room and bent forward to look onto the bottom bunk. My eyes were drawn to her cleavage, enhanced by this position.

“You’ll just have to make sure you get lucky with someone who has a better hotel room,” she said, “Even if you were able to ditch Rob & Michelle, and hooked up with someone who didn’t mind coming back to this dive,” (she was busting my balls now) “your potential positions would be limited.” 

She crawled onto the bed while my eyes crawled all over her body. “Doggy style would be out, you’re too tall.” She settled back on her haunches but couldn’t sit up. “And she couldn’t be on top without banging her head.” 

She flipped over onto her back with her legs spread and started pushing her hips up and down. “You’d probably have to settle for boring old missionary.” She craned her neck to look over at me and I noticed her eyes drop to the bulge in my swimsuit. She knew what she was doing to me.

I was trying desperately to maintain my cool. “Actually,” I said, standing and sliding the cooler closer to the door, “you could pull off doggy style if I was standing and you were in position on the edge of the bottom bunk.” 

I closed and locked the door and put the cooler in front of it. “Go ahead, try it.” I said as I turned back toward her. She got on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed, aiming her ass right at me. She agreed that it could work as she looked over her shoulder at me to see what I would do. 

“You could also stand and lean over on the bottom bunk and be taken from behind that way,” I pointed out. Standing behind her, I took her by the hips and pulled her backward until she was standing on the floor while leaning over on the bed. Still holding her hips, I pressed my bulge against her ass and said, “See?”

She pushed her ass back against me but never turned her head around to look, only saying, “No, I don’t see, please demonstrate.” With my hands on the elastic of her bathing suit, I started pulling the bottoms down as I stepped back. I knelt down behind her as I slid her bikini bottom over her ass and down her thin legs. 

As she stepped out of it, she spread her legs slightly and I found myself staring at her pussy and asshole. I ran my hands back up her legs to her ass, then leaned in and took a couple slurps of her dripping pussy. I dragged my tongue up between her ass cheeks as I stood, then quickly untied the drawstring and pushed my bathing suit to the floor. 

My cock sprung out and I immediately guided it to Marie’s waiting pussy. She was so wet and slippery and so tight! We both moaned as I sank in completely to the hilt. I started thrusting in and out, with long, hard strokes as Marie pushed back against me. I reached forward and pulled her top down so I could feel her tits, bumping my head on the top bunk in the process.

It was worth it, though, feeling her pointy little tits in my greedy hands, her big, hard nipples brushing against my palms. I enjoyed it while I could, playing with her tits and fucking her at the same time, before she brought her knees up onto the bed. I stayed behind her, fucking her sweet pussy, but wasn’t able to reach far enough to hold her tits anymore since she was further under the top bunk. I went back to grasping her hips and pulling her pussy all the way down my shaft while she snuck a hand back to play with her clit. 

Her moans were getting loud enough that I knew if anyone else was in the building, they’d know what was going on and where. I could feel her pussy getting even more slick as she approached her orgasm, which ended up bringing mine much closer, too. 

I continued pumping my cock in and out of her pussy, just as hard and just as fast, still astounded by what was actually happening. I was fucking Marie! I was inside her tight, slim body getting close to filling her with my goo! I was running my hands over her ass, almost as though to confirm that she was actually there. Her moaning finally reached a crescendo and she pushed back hard against me. 

I could feel her pussy quivering around my tool and continued to thrust as she came. She rode out what appeared to be a very intense orgasm and just as she was coming down, I had my own very intense orgasm. My cock exploded into her pussy so hard that she gave a little cry and I fought to stay on my feet. When I finally stopped cumming, I was out of breath and lightheaded. I pulled out of Marie and flopped onto the chair.

Marie turned over and sat on the edge of the bed, giving me my first frontal view of her naked. God, she was hot! Her small tits stuck straight out, topped with large, very hard nipples, and her bush was just a narrow strip of black hair. I looked up at her flushed face and saw that she was checking me out also. Our eyes met and we just smiled breathlessly at each other. 

I took a long pull off my beer then handed the can to her. She took a big drink herself, spilling some down her chin. In a flash, I was out of the chair and kneeling in front of her licking the beer off her chest, neck and chin. Suddenly, we were kissing deeply, our tongues exploring each other’s mouths. 

After a few minutes, we knew we had to get back out to the beach with the others. We could probably convince them that we’d stayed in the room long enough to have a beer, but I was pretty sure Marie would be telling Jane the truth as I would be telling Rob. Michelle would be the only one in the dark.

Before I would let Marie put her bikini back on, I had her stand and just ran my hands over her body: up her long, smooth legs; over her slippery pussy and dark bush; around the smooth, round globes of her ass; up her back and around to her tits; and finally up to her face, which I held in my hands as I kissed her again. I then pulled on my bathing suit as she pulled on hers.

I slid the cooler back away from the door and, after one more long, drawn out kiss, we exited the room and headed back to the beach. Before we rejoined the others, we agreed that we would definitely be getting together again, but that we should keep it pretty discreet – mainly from her family. We got back to the others and convinced them to join us in the ocean, which was pretty warm that day. Marie was anxious to get in quickly before the cum leaking out of her pussy soaked through her bikini bottom.

We killed the rest of the day on the beach but Marie and Jane declined to join us for dinner on the boardwalk. We walked them to their car before heading in to get in line for the communal shower. I wanted to kiss Marie goodbye, but knew I couldn’t even pretend that I was joking around without raising everyone’s eyebrows. Instead, I managed to give her ass a squeeze without anyone seeing and reminded myself that I’d be seeing her again very soon. I did fill Rob in on what had occurred while Michelle was taking her shower, but I don’t think Michelle ever found out I was banging her big sister.