 Mariana looked at herself in the mirror as she was getting dressed. "Was she doing the right thing" she wondered. She looked at her reflection and smiled. She certainly looked the part, she thought. She looked like a whore. Long beautiful brown hair cascaded over her shoulders and down her back. Her hair framed a beautiful face, her Latina features perfectly accented. Full lush lips, the kind of lips made for sucking a cock, were highlighted by a dark red lipstick. Her high cheekbones and almond shaped eyes gave her an exotic look. Her eyes burned with passion, with lust. She was wearing a pink tank top, no bra. 

Her firm, full breasts pushed the shirt to its limit. She had chosen pink because she knew that the light color would allow her nipples to almost show through. Her tan skin, with her dark brown nipples could be seen under the thin material of the shirt. She knew that men would look at her and want her beautiful breasts in their hands, in their mouths and wrapped around their hard cocks. She couldn't resist putting her hands to her breasts and gently rubbing circles around her nipples, making them harden. Her shirt extended half way down her flat stomach, her pierced navel giving testimony to her incredible sensuality. 

She wore a black leather mini-skirt, perfect for her hourglass figure. She turned and looked at her perfect ass in the mirror. The mini- skirt, slit to the top of her thigh, the black fishnet stockings with garter belt, and the 4 inch "fuck me" heels all combined to form a picture of feminine, erotic perfection. She knew that men would look at her and need to have her, to ravish her, to possess her. And if she was going to be a whore, she knew that this was the effect she wanted to have. 

At 23, Mariana had worked hard all her life. Soon to graduate from a prestigious New England University, her hard work and intelligence had her poised for enormous success. But there was something missing. At home, alone at night, after hours of studying and working to pay the bills, she stroked her perfect body and engaged in her darkest fantasy. She wanted to be a whore. She wanted strange men to crave her, to desire her, to need to fuck her. 

As she lay in bed, pinching her hard nipples and stroking her pussy, she dreamed of selling her self, of being the wanton slut that she never dared to be in her real life. Late at night, as she reached orgasm, she dreamed of being a whore, free of all inhibitions, fucking strangers, sucking anonymous cocks, making men scream as they lost themselves in their lust for her. Months in the making, she had finally decided that today would be the day, she would do it, she would be the whore that she had dreamed about being for so long. 

As Mariana left her apartment to go to her car, she felt a thrill run down her spine, right to her wet pussy. Driving to that section of town where she knew that the prostitutes frequented, Mariana put her hand under her short skirt, touching her wet, shaved, panty less cunt. She had a small orgasm as she drove, imagining that within an hour, she would be fucking a stranger. When she reached her destination, she first drove slowly past the area where the women were busy trying to lure their next customer. Mariana looked at the whores and knew that none of them were as beautiful or as sexy as she was. Her nipples hardened as she realized that she had reached the point of no return, and hadn't turned back. She parked her car, and walked back to "Love Lane" as they called it. She found an empty corner, and stopped, contemplating her next action. 

As she was thinking, a car stopped in front of her, the driver opening the passenger side window and leaning over. "Hey beautiful" he said, "Looking for a good time?" He was fat and gross. He looked like he hadn't bathed in a week. Mariana shook her head in disgust, definitely not what she had in mind. Almost immediately as soon as he pulled away, a beat up sedan that must have been at least 15 years old pulled right in. This time the driver was a young man, maybe 20 years old and looking like one of the local college students. He opened the window and said "Hey baby, how much for a blow job? 

Mariana looked at him and saw something in his eyes, something dark. "No thank you, not today" she said. 

"Fucking Slut" he screamed and screeched away. She began thinking that this was maybe not a good idea. Her fantasy hadn't included fat ugly men or young psychopaths. As she looked up, she noticed a new car, gleaming in the sun, coming at her from the opposite direction. As it slowly passed her she saw the driver staring at her, making her feel dizzy. He was older, in his forties. Even from her corner Mariana could see the expensive suit and handsome face of the driver. He looked at her, making her feel naked. She held her breath, "Maybe him" she thought. 

But he kept driving past her. She began feeling disappointed as he drove by, but noticed him make a U turn at the next corner. He came back her way, stopping in front of her. The man got out of his car and walked around to her. The first thing that she noticed was his size, he was big, over 6 feet tall and had the look of someone who spent many hours in the gym. Big arms, big shoulders, big chest, he exuded power and strength. 

He walked up to Mariana and smiled. "You are the most stunning woman I've ever seen" he said, his eyes twinkling, "I would love your company for the afternoon, the night, or the rest of my life if I'm very lucky." 

As soon as he looked at her, Mariana knew he would be the one. She smiled at him and said "I'd be pleased to spend some time with you." He opened the car door for her, looking at her beautiful legs as she got into the car. 

As they pulled away from the curb, he asked her for her name. Without thinking she blurted out "Mariana." She had intended to give a false name, but was so nervous she'd forgotten completely about doing that. She couldn't believe she was actually doing this, in the car with a perfect stranger, on her way to fuck him. He told her that he was from New York, in town on business. He'd been feeling lonely, and horny. 

A bellman at his hotel had told him about this area and he had decided to check it out. "I had almost given up on the idea" he said. "But then I saw you, an angel, standing there looking like she needed to be rescued." Mariana felt herself getting wet as he said this, she had to fuck this man! "So," he said, almost embarrassed, "What will this cost?" For a moment, Mariana couldn't respond, she hadn't even thought about the money aspect of what she was about to do. Finally, she said "$100 if you want a blow job, $150 to fuck me and $200 for both." 

He turned to her, his blue eyes piercing her straight down to her pussy. "How about $1000 and you spend the night with me, doing what ever I tell you to do" he said.

Mariana looked at him and said "What exactly does that mean?" He looked back at her, his eyes taking in her entire body, her beautiful breasts, her nipples, her legs, her hips, every inch of her. 

"It means, I will give you $1000 to spend the night with me, to do WHAT EVER I tell you to do. It means you will be my slut for the evening." She knew that this man would extend her beyond anything she had ever experienced. She knew he would use every inch of her body for his own pleasure. She knew that nothing would be off limits. She thought about it, she felt a tingle in her cunt that needed release. She looked at him, slowly ran her tongue over her full lips and said "OK, I'm yours, for the night!" He smiled, and put his hand to her head, stroking her lustrous hair. "Good."

As Mariana looked up, she noticed that they had pulled into the entrance to one of the best hotels in town. As the doorman came to open her door, she couldn't help but to feel a little naughty. As he pulled the door open, she extended one leg to the ground, keeping it there. She knew that in this position, he could see her pussy, naked and wet. She smiled at him and continued getting out of the car. Her gentleman came around and took her arm. He whispered into her ear "You're a very naughty girl aren't you?"

"Uh huh" she purred, starting to enjoy this. He escorted her into the hotel, through the lobby, to the elevator. They entered the elevator, he pushed the button for one of the floors at the top of the hotel, and the doors closed behind them. Alone in the elevator, he put his hand on the back of her head, closed his fingers around her hair and pulled her face to hers. As he looked into her eyes, she saw passion, lust and a raw sexuality that almost made her faint. Looking at her he said "Last chance to back out of this Mariana, otherwise, in two minutes, you will be my slut, my whore, to use however I want. I wont be gentle with you." 

The intensity of his hunger is what Mariana had been seeking for so long. It was what she had dreamed of during all those nights while pleasuring herself. She raised her eyes to his, tilting her head in full submission. His lips met hers, joining as one. She felt his tongue probing her mouth, opening her mouth to allow her entry. As his tongue slipped into her mouth, she felt his hand on her thigh. His fingers trailing up to her now dripping pussy. His fingers found her clitoris and stroked it, making fireworks go off in Mariana's head. The elevator reach their floor. 

He withdrew his hand from her pussy and brought his fingers to his lips. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm," he said, tasting her juices "You are delicious Mariana." They walked down the hall to his room which he opened with a card key. He held the door open for her and she entered the room. It was a beautiful room with a magnificent view of the city. He closed and locked the door. She walked to the dresser to put down her purse. He came from behind her, putting his arms around her waist. He enveloped her in his powerful arms, bring his face to her neck and pulling her tight against him. He inhaled her scent, it was intoxicating. She felt his hard cock nestled in the crack of her ass. 

She looked into his reflection in the mirror and felt his eyes, his passion burning into her. He put his mouth to her ear, "What are you?" he whispered into her ear. She felt his hands slid up until he had each of the breasts in his hands. His fingers tightened on her nipples squeezing them, making them stiffen. She knew what he wanted to hear, but hesitated. The fingers on her nipples grew tighter, sending a current down to her pussy. 

"Tell me Mariana" he urged. Still she hesitated. He reached up to the top of her shirt, grasping it in his fist. In one motion he tore the shirt from her body, leaving her naked from the waist up. Still looking at her in the mirror, his hands returned to her breasts, this time pinching them, hard. She gasped, throwing her head back against his chest. 

"I'm your slut" she moaned "your whore, your nasty whore fucking whore!" 

Bending her forward, against the dresser, he pulled up her skirt. "Ahhhh, Mariana, your ass is exquisite, a true work of art" he said. "SLAPPPP," she felt his hand come down, hard on her ass, "SLAPPPPP" on her other cheek. "But a true whore must learn to obey, without hesitation" he growled at her. He spanked her again, and again, at least 10 smacks. Mariana felt her pussy getting hotter and hotter, her juices running down her legs. She watch her face as he spanked her, his hand tangled in her hair. 

With each smack, the look of animal lust grew. Gone was the honors student, the good girl, the woman who had no time to date. She had been replaced by a possessed woman, a hot, horny slut, who NEEDED to be used by this man, fucked in every hole, treated like a whore!!! His hand rested on her ass, slowly massaging her cheeks. His fingers found her dripping pussy, thrusting deeply into her. First one, then two, then three fingers, driving into her dripping cunt. 

He withdrew his fingers from her hole, spreading her juices up and down her cunt, from her asshole to her clit, and back again. He used his fingers to spread her natural lubricant into her asshole, as his fingers penetrated her tight hole she exploded. "AAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHH" she screamed, "Ohhhh Goddddd, Ohhhhh Babyyyyy, YES, YES, YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS" as an orgasm stronger than she's ever experienced wracked her body. 

Just as she began to peak, some how, without her having any knowledge as to how, His hard cock found its way deep into her cunt. He pounded into her, going deeper than she had ever thought possible. He thumb plunged deep into her virgin ass as he yanked back on her hair. She looked into the mirror and didn't recognize the woman she saw. She saw someone completely given up to lust, lost in passion, being fucked like an animal! Her tits swung violently back and forth as he ravaged her. 

His cock pistoning in and out of her now swollen cunt, her asshole opened and now thrusting back against his fingers, her head pulled back, the tendons standing out on her beautiful neck. She was out of control. She had never had a true orgasm until that very moment, the kind where every neuron fires at once, all committed to her ultimate pleasure. 

"AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE" she screamed, "OOOHHHHHH GODDDDD, OOOOHHHHH FUCK, FUCK, FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEE!" Mariana was out of control, she came in wave after wave, each one stronger than the last. He held her in his strong arms, as her body gave out, going limp as her orgasms finally subsided. Every square inch of her body was on fire, tingling and throbbing. 

She was barely aware as he carried her effortlessly to the bed, and gently lay her down. He straightened out her arms and legs as she seemed incapable of any movement at all. He finished undressing and got in next to her. He reached under her and rolled her onto him, her head resting on his chest, his arms around her. He inhaled her scent, the musk of their lovemaking still strong. He looked at her, dazzled by her sublime beauty and her elegant sexuality. 

"Rest now my love, there will be more, much more very soon."