 © 2004 V. A. Alexander

I knew his reasons for leaving so abruptly, I could understand why he felt the way he felt. Did he think I wanted things to be this way? I don't enjoy being deceitful to my husband but I couldn't leave him for another man. If I left it had to be on terms other than my infidelity. I walked around the empty house for a while; eventually I sat in the dark living room till I was numb from thinking.

As the sun began to rise I decided to call Eric and find out when he would be home. I needed to find out where things stood with him. His distance over the last year had been widening and I had to find out why. If he was no longer in love with me I could handle that, I would give him his walking papers and free myself to be with the man I truly loved.

I climbed the stairs and dialed the number to Eric's hotel. The operator answered on the third ring and directed my call to his room. It was just after 5:30 a.m.

"Heeelloooo?" A woman's voice answered sleepily.

"Hello? May I please speak to Eric? This is his wife!" I said softly.

"Oh, uh, yeah! Sure!" She answered, clearly awake now.

I heard her whispering to Eric, he mumbled something about her not answering the phone.

"Hello?" He said sternly.

"Good morning darling! I can tell you're busy, I just wanted to let you know that you could find your belongings in the garage tomorrow." 

I was trying to refrain from laughing. I couldn't believe how naïve I had been. He was fooling around the whole time!!! Matthew was right, I was a fool.

"What? Marianne! Let me explain! It's not what you think!!" He stammered.

"It's not? What I think is that you're fooling around Eric. I also think it's been going on for a year maybe more and I think you no longer love me. Is this correct?"

I think my calmness freaked him out. He didn't know what to do, if I had been hysterical he could have dealt with that easier.

"Do you want to hear the truth?" He asked.

"Of course I do! That's all I've ever wanted!"

I heard him whispering to his sleeping buddy, he said something about her going back to her room. I could tell she wasn't happy when she slammed the door.

"I'm sorry Marianne, I didn't want you to find out this way."

"Really? I think you didn't want me to ever find out!" My head was spinning.

"Well yeah! I mean...I don't know what I mean! I didn't want to hurt you!"

"Did you think having affairs wasn't going to hurt me Eric?"

"I didn't think about that at the time. The first time it happened I swore it would never happen again. I thought it was just the alcohol and the fact that I was lonely. I didn't plan on doing it again."

"When was the first time?" I asked sadly.

I had been feeling so guilty about my affair with Matthew and all this time Eric had been lying to me. I felt a rush of emotion, sadness, anger, guilt, joy...it was the most tumultuous 10 seconds of my life.

"Three years ago." He whispered.

"THREE YEARS!!" I couldn't help but yell. Three fucking years of my life wasted on this marriage!

"I'm sorry, I know I should have told you but I just couldn't do it."

"You don't have to explain, I know your reasons. Everything is mine, the house, the cars...I understand that you didn't want to risk everything. You'll get what you came in with plus what we agreed on when we were married, we both know that." I sighed.

"What are you saying? You're not going to try and break that agreement after finding this out? You don't hate me?" He seemed genuinely concerned.

"Don't worry, I just want this over with as soon as possible. That's all."

"I'll see you in a couple of days then. Good-bye Marianne. I'm sorry." He hung up.

That was it?! Was it real? Did that just happen? I couldn't believe it! I was free! Well, almost, I would be free in a few months. I had to see Matthew; he would talk to me now. He had no reason to be upset anymore! I was thrilled as I raced to my car and drove to his apartment.

On the way to his place I called my boss and let him know I wouldn't be in, I had some things I had to take care of. He was great, said he understood and to call him tomorrow.

I arrived at Matthew's place just before 7:00. I knew he hadn't left for work yet because his car was still in his parking spot. I jogged to his apartment and lightly knocked on the door. I was sure he was awake but I didn't want to wake any neighbors that might hear me pounding on his front door.

I heard footsteps on the other side of the door and the door opened a crack. I saw blonde hair covering one side of her face. It was Kim, Matthews ex. What was she doing here!?

"Can I help you?" She purred.

"Yeah, I'm looking for Matthew, can I talk to him please?"

"Sorry sweetie, he's ummm...indecent at the moment." She winked.

Was she serious? No, couldn't be, he wouldn't do that to me! It took me a minute or so but it finally hit me.

"Are you saying he's in the shower?" I asked.

"Yeah, come back later." She batted her long lashes at me.

She tried to close the door in my face but I pushed it open to reveal her standing in only a t-shirt...a very small t-shirt.

"If it's all the same to you, I'll wait till he's out." I said as I strode past her and sat on the couch.

She stood by the door gawking at me; finally she closed the door and walked to the loveseat across from me.

"He may be a while." She spoke as she glared at me.

"Actually, I'm thinking he's not here Kim. I don't hear his shower going and his car is still parked outside. He walked somewhere...where did he go?" "How the fuck do you know my name?" She flashed her angry gaze at me again and clenched her fists.

"You're Matthew's ex, he's told me a lot about you." I sat on the edge of the sofa to show she didn't intimidate me.

"Bullshit!" she yelled as she jumped to her feat.

"Look Kim, I don't know why you're here so you can either chill out while I wait for Matthew or you can get the fuck out of his apartment!" I stood abruptly and she settled back in her seat. That was more like it.

We sat in silence for the next 20 minutes. I finally heard keys in the lock and the door opened. Matthew glanced at Kim then he caught sight of me and raced to me. Before he could stop himself he embraced me and I wrapped my arms around him.

He was whispering in my ear that he was sorry; he was so worried about me. I closed my eyes and told him I loved him and kissed his earlobe. He sighed in my neck and released me.

"Oh Kim, I see you're still here. I could have sworn I asked you to be gone before I came back."

She glared at me then Matthew, "I'm leaving!" She announced it like it would hurt our feelings that she was going to un-grace us with her presence. She stalked into the bedroom and came out with her clothes back on and a small bag in her hand. She didn't look at us as she slammed out of the apartment. Alone at last!

We embraced again, this time vocalizing our mutual adoration louder than before. He was kissing my neck when he finally asked me the question I had been waiting to hear...

"What are you doing here?" He nibbled on my neck.

"I had to see you to tell you the news. I've left Eric, we are getting divorced!"

He pulled away from me and looked deeply into my eyes. I almost melted into him.

"What do you mean? That's it? We can be together? Seriously?" He looked like a kid that saw the pile of presents under the tree Christmas morning.

"That's it! I'm free...well, mostly free! It will take several months for the divorce to be final. Especially since I haven't filed it yet."

"When can you do that? How soon can you file? I can't believe this!" He picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. He threw me on the bed and leapt up next to me. He stripped me out of my clothes before I even realized what he'd done. I lay naked while he undressed himself just as fast.

We kissed passionately, tongues dancing around each other while he ground his body against mine. I could feel his hardness pressing against my thigh and reached down between our bodies to guide him into me.

He slid in easily and began slowly making love to me like he'd never done before. He used his hips to grind his cock in me till his balls pressed firmly against me, instead of sliding in and out of me he just continued to press into me deeper. He felt incredible inside me, he skin was velvety inside me as he became slick with my fluids.

We continued to kiss and nibble on each other while we made love. I lifted my hips into him and he went deeper. He found my g-spot and that was it, I was clinging to him for dear life as my first orgasm rocked my body. I felt as if my whole body had been jolted with electricity as he slowly pressed into me gently rubbing the head of his cock against that perfect spot inside me.

I couldn't help but cry out his name over and over while I came, his mouth devoured mine and I was putty in his hands. When I had finished my climax he pulled his mouth from mine and looked into my eyes. His eyes were glistening with tears and he smiled at me.

"I love you Marianne, more than anything!" His voice was horse with passion and emotion.

"I love you too Matthew! More than anyone or anything!"

He lowered his mouth to my neck and slowly traced his tongue up and down until I was shivering against him. He resumed our lovemaking and quickly found the magic spot that could make me scream instantly. I felt him hit the spot and I was over the edge again, calling out his name and making noises I couldn't stop myself from making.

When I was finished I was breathless and I felt as if my head was going to explode. He looked down at me again and smiled. He rose up on his arms as if he was doing a push up and began to slide his cock in and out of my soaking wet pussy. He had made me cum so much I could hear him sliding in and out of me and felt my juices running out of me. He gradually increased speed and soon was slamming in and out of me relentlessly. I came again, this time there was a slow building of pressure deep inside me and as I came I felt him explode him me. He continued to pump into me well after my orgasm subsided finally stopping when he was totally spent.

He rolled off of me and began tracing circles around my nipples while I caught my breath. We didn't say a word to each other, we just laid there until we both fell asleep. I woke up a few hours later and Matthew was curled up beside me, his arm draped over my stomach. I inhaled his scent and it made me instantly desire him again. I leaned over and kissed his forehead. He opened his eyes and smiled at me.

"I thought I was dreaming." He said sleepily.

"Nope, it's real." I smiled at him.

"I see it is, I can't believe you're here with me." He reached up and caressed my face.

"So, what next?" I asked.

"Well, breakfast sounds good. Then how about you spend the rest of your life with me?" He scooted closer to me.

"Breakfast sounds good, as for spending the rest of my life with you...I think I can handle that."

We kissed softly and embraced for a long time. I knew this was right, Matthew was my soul mate, I didn't need to be with him 3 years to know that, the time we had together and the way he made me feel was enough to assure me being with him was not a mistake.

He looked into my eyes with such intensity I had to fight to keep from looking away. I knew he was looking for something in my gaze that told him I was leaving, he needed reassurance.

"I'm not going anywhere Matthew. You're stuck with me now."

"I'm not stuck with you my love, I want you here, I want you with me all the time...that's all I've wanted from the moment we met."

"I know I want that too but there are some things we should discuss."

"Like what?" He raised his eyebrow and looked at me cautiously.

"Like...other than our lovemaking and the way we feel are we compatible? What sort of things do you like? Music...television, movies, politics, religion?" 

"Oh, that! Well, none of that really matters does it? We know we are compatible! We spent 10 days locked away alone and managed to survive, the rest of our lives should be a piece of cake." He smiled broadly.

"Really? You don't foresee us having any arguments about what radio station to listen to on road trips or leaving globs of toothpaste in the bathroom sink?" I laughed and kissed his chin.

"Nope! I know we'll be fine. I'm too easygoing to care about silly things like toothpaste or radio stations. My biggest concern is how many times we are going to make love a day? Will I be able to satisfy you?" He flashed a devilish grin.

"I have NO doubt you'll satisfy me. Although I must say, all this talking is getting tedious, I think I need you to satisfy me right now." I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him to me.

"Gladly!" He growled.

We kissed, we were all hands and mouths, tasting and touching everywhere we could. By the time we were done I'd cum four times and was ready to pass out again.

"You are amazing my love, I can't wait to be your official beau." He panted as he lay next to me.

"Beau? You make it sound so old fashioned" I giggled "I don't think what we have been doing constitutes old fashioned."

"I see your point, but really...I can't wait to be official. How long will we have to wait before we can start seeing each other openly without setting too many tongues wagging?"

"Considering I just decided to leave my husband a few hours ago I hadn't gave much thought to the details of our relationship, I just couldn't wait to see you and tell you. I figured the rest would happen at it's own pace."

"I know I won't be able to wait long, I want you to be mine permanently as soon as possible. How soon can we do that?" He kissed my breasts and rested his head on my chest.

"Well...we can't begin to 'date' until the divorce is final. I'll call a lawyer and find out how long that will take. Eric and I have a divorce agreement so there are no details to hammer out."

"Speaking of Eric...what happened to make you leave him?"

"That's right! I didn't tell you! I rushed over here and found Kim and that sort of threw me for a loop."

I told him the whole story, by the time I was done he was trying desperately not to laugh out loud but he failed miserably. When he was finished laughing he grew serious and looked at me intently.

"Three years? What an asshole! I can't believe he's cheated on you for three years! Hell, we could have been together months ago if he wasn't such a coward!" He said bitterly.

"Do we really have a right to be angry Matthew? C'mon, I've been sleeping with you for a couple of weeks; I think he and I are even. Let's face it, he's just sleeping around I fell in love with another man."

"I guess you're right. I can't be mad at him when he's finally made a way for you and I to be together. Do you think sending him a thank you card would be in bad taste?" He laughed.

"Don't be a smart ass!" I smacked his tight butt lightly.

"Better than a dumb ass." He cooed in my ear.

"You're terrible! Stop that!" He was nibbling on my ear and it was sending shivers up and down my spine.

He stopped and looked at me. His eyes were serious, the humor was gone and he was back to being intense.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Well, I was just thinking. Where will we live once we are official? We can't stay here, this place is too small for both of us."

"My house is available but I'd feel weird living there with you after living there with Eric."

"So would I!" He grumbled.

"I was planning on selling the house once the divorce was final. It's mine, everything is mine. My father left me a large amount of money when he passed away. Eric gets a small settlement but that's about it."

"Really?" He looked surprised. "We've never discussed your family before. Wow, I guess we really do have some things to talk about."

"Yeah, but that can wait. Right now I want breakfast."

He smiled at me and the butterflies in my stomach came to life and began to dance around in my tummy. He always made me feel that way, it was wonderful.

"I love you! Let's go eat!"

He jumped off the bed and grabbed my hand; he pulled me to my feet and led me to his bathroom. We showered and dressed then headed out to grab something to eat.

It's been six months since I left Eric. My divorce was final five months ago; it's amazing what a great lawyer and a marital settlement agreement will do. I sold my house and Matthew and I bought a roomy house in the next town. We wanted to start new and not have to deal with nosey neighbors. Once we were settled into our new place I decided to quit my job. I have enough money that I don't need to work, Matthew is still working with Pete, he loves his job and doesn't want to be a "kept man". I can respect that, it's one of the things I love about him, he's a great guy.

Surprisingly enough Matthew and I are getting along fantastic. He proposed to me last night and I said yes (of course). After spending every waking moment together we discovered we have more in common than unbridled passion. We like the same things and that makes life pretty easy. I trust him implicitly and can't wait to be his wife. 

Of course our dating did become quit a hot topic at work, no one could believe it till we moved in together. The gossip has died down over the past month, we didn't really care, it's our relationship not theirs.

As for Eric, I haven't seen him since the day our divorce was final. I guess he decided to hook up with a coworker as well, I wish him luck. I'm glad things happened the way they did. If it hadn't been for my affair with Matthew I would never have figured out what Eric was up to. I'd probably still be with him, now that's a terrible thought!

Life is great! Matthew and I make love at least twice a day and I can't seem to figure out how it seems to just get better and better...I guess love will do that to you.

Matthew came home from work for lunch; I was waiting for him in bed (as usual). He came in and stripped out of his clothes quickly. He climbed on the bed and I spread my legs wide. I had just shaved and I wanted him to have a taste. He gladly obliged by burying his face in my pussy. I felt his tongue lightly graze my clit before he sucked my lips into his mouth and began flicking them with his warm tongue.

I moaned as his tongue slid inside me and rolled around my entrance. He slowly began to fuck me with his tongue while I writhed around underneath him. He reached up with both hands and began to lightly pinch my nipples. That was my favorite thing for him to do and he did it daily.

I came a short time later and while my pussy was still contracting he slid his hard cock inside me and began to pump in and out of me furiously. I wrapped my legs around his waist and lifted my bottom off the bed to meet his forceful thrusts. I came again and pushed him off of me. He looked startled as I pushed him onto his back.

I quickly straddled his face and forced my dripping pussy onto his open mouth while I grabbed his cock and started sucking it. He was slick with my fluids and slid easily in and out of my mouth. He moaned loudly and I felt him stiffen then begin to pump his creamy load down my throat.

Before he could finish pumping I quickly pulled my pussy away from his mouth and slid his still throbbing cock inside me. I rode him till I came then fell over panting.

"I love lunch!" He said breathlessly, "It just seems to get more satisfying!" He smacked my bottom then squeezed my cheeks with both hands.

"Wait till you see what I have for dessert!" I cooed as I turned my body so we were face to face.

I reached into my nightstand and pulled out a bottle of baby oil. I oiled his cock and began stroking him till he was hard again. I got on all fours and wiggled my bottom in the air. He jumped up and positioned himself behind me. He slid into me from behind and reached his hand under me to rub my clit. He fucked me slowly at first till he felt my pussy begin to contract around his swollen cock. Once he knew I was cumming he quickened his pace and began to slam into me. I felt his balls bouncing on my clit and he drove me over the edge again.
