 The following story is one that I tell with a bit of reluctance. On the one hand, it is a relief to finally get it out of my system, but on the other hand, leaving it on a public forum for all to read is somewhat intimidating. I can only hope that when it is all finished, my relief outweighs my regret.

This story begins about the time I started pharmacy school. I was young and eager, excited by my future career and my own potential. I was a pretty by-the-book kinda guy, and I was well on my way to a stable and well-off (even if somewhat mundane) life.

If not for the events in this story, I probably would have ended up there one day.

It all started when I decided to apply for a pharmacy intern position at our local Walgreens, just after I was accepted into pharmacy school. I figured I needed the experience as well as the money, and it would be worth the extra responsibility. Two of the pharmacists I worked with were pretty ordinary, as far as pharmacists go. Middle-aged, slightly burnt out on their careers, a fair dose of apathy, but pleasant enough to work with.

The third pharmacist, Marie, was something else entirely. She was young, having just graduated pharmacy school the year that I started. (If my math is correct, that would have made her 25 at the time.) She was pretty, in a professional sense, with dirty blond hair, slim, and a great smile. While I appreciated that she was easy to look at, I never really thought much else of it. She was my boss, and my primary concern was making sure she was happy with me. Plus, for the first several months that I worked with her, she was always wearing a white coat, which made it difficult to notice much of her figure. And when I did finally see her without her coat, the pants she wore were professional and not very flattering (although I did notice her boobs seemed nicely shaped).

What most appealed to me about Marie was her easy-going nature and her work ethic. She loved to joke around with her coworkers and was very laid-back. She was also eager to help around the pharmacy wherever it was needed, rather than make her techs do all of the work for her. And on the weekends that she worked, she always insisted on buying everyone pizza for lunch.

Needless to say, she was the most-liked pharmacist at our store. 

A few patients had tried asking her out on a date, but she was a married woman, and always made that clear whenever someone did flirt with her. Which was another reason I didn't see her as anything other than my boss.

Still, by the time several months had passed, Marie and I had gotten pretty close as coworkers. I respected her ability, and I think she admired how quickly I picked up everything I needed to learn. She would get openly excited when she saw that I would be working with her later in the week, and I was just as happy to work with her.

During slow times in the pharmacy, we would talk about non-pharmacy related things. We found out that we had many things in common. We both liked the same sports teams, similar types of movies, and our sense of humor was very compatible, to name just a few. I began to think of her less of a boss and more of a friend.

This continued for a few more months, until one day Marie took off her coat to go to the bathroom, and I noticed she was wearing different pants than usual. Rather than her typical not-so-flattering dress pants, she was wearing tight khakis that made it very clear that she had a great looking ass. I couldn't believe I had gone so long without noticing it before, and I think she might have caught me staring as she walked out. 

I definitely had a new appreciation for her looks. She wasn't just professionally pretty. She was hot.

I have to admit, she did become somewhat of a fantasy of mine after that, but I was careful to maintain my professional relationship with her. Plus, I wasn't the type of guy to go after a married woman.

Everything probably would have continued normally, even after that, if not for a problem in Marie's private life. 

As I found out from a few different conversations we had, Marie really wanted kids. She had been married to her husband for a couple years by that point, and she hinted they had been trying to have a baby most of that time without success. Marie loved her husband, but I could tell by the way she talked about it that all of their failed attempts was putting some strain on their relationship.

Whenever she brought it up, I maintained my professionalism and was supportive, but only enough to show that I was sympathetic. I understood it was on her mind, but it wasn't my issue.

Eventually, Marie stopped talking about it, and life in the pharmacy continued as normal, although she seemed to be in bad moods more often than I had remembered.

Then, one day as we were closing down the pharmacy, I finally was shown just how much not having kids was bothering her.  The other employees had just finished leaving, and I had closed the pharmacy gate getting ready to leave myself, when Marie called back from the breakroom.

"Hey, Scott, can you come back here for a second?"

I was ready to leave but didn't mind doing Marie a favor. I pulled the gate back enough to let me in, and went back to see what she wanted.

She was standing in the middle of the break room in the same tight khakis I had seen her in before. She was also wearing a shirt that was professional but held her boobs up very well.

"What's up?" I asked, trying to avoid staring too much.

Marie struggled with her words for a second before sighing. "I'm just gonna come out and say it. I'm about to ask you for a huge favor, and I want you to know that it's okay if you say no. I wouldn't even ask, but I don't know what else to do at this point."

"Sure, anything. What's wrong?" I asked, genuinely concerned at this point.

"You know how I told you that Dan and I have been trying to have kids?" she asked.

"Well, you never said it directly, but I thought that's what you were getting at," I said, unsure of where the conversation was heading.

"Well, I figured out why we haven't been able to," Marie said, turning around and sitting on the table, giving me a quick glimpse of her ass. "Dan's sterile."

She paused for a moment, looking at me. When I didn't respond, she continued, "I'm sure you're wondering what any of this has to do with you. Let me explain a bit. We've been trying to have kids since we got married. At first, I thought maybe we were just really unlucky, but as time went on, I began to wonder if there was something else wrong. Finally, I went and took a fertility test. I didn't tell Dan, because we fight whenever we talk about having kids, but I still wanted to know for myself. As it turns out, I'm definitely fertile. I was surprised to hear that, but in a good way. I started to wonder, though, if maybe Dan was the problem. One time after we had finished having sex, I managed to save some of his semen and get a sperm count on it. There's no way he could get me pregnant."

Marie said this last part so casually that I barely noticed how directly she was talking about her sex life. My mind was too busy trying to process everything she was saying.

She continued, "When I found this out, I was devastated. I've really wanted kids as long as I can remember, but the man I've married can't give any to me. I've thought about talking to Dan about it, but I don't want to risk our marriage any more by telling him. I thought about doing artificial insemination and passing the baby off as our own, but there's so much time and paperwork involved with that that I don't think I can do it without Dan noticing. And that's where you come in."

She paused again, letting that sink in. I shook my head, trying to figure out what she was getting at.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked.

She sighed again. "I'm just going to be blunt. I will pay you $5,000 to have sex with me right now, and let me pass the baby off as mine and Dan's. You look enough like him that it shouldn't be a problem, and I handle our money so he shouldn't notice that either."

I was overwhelmed with thoughts. I had fantasized about Marie, sure, but that kind of stuff never actually happens. And even when it does, it's never like it is in your fantasy. And I still couldn't believe this wasn't some elaborate prank she was pulling.

"You're joking, right?" I finally asked.

"Look, I completely understand if you're not comfortable with this. I'm certainly not, but I just don't know what else to do right now. If there was another way or someone else I could ask, I would. But there isn't, and of the few people I trust enough for something like this, you're the only one who isn't also friends with Dan. "

Despite myself, I realized I was considering it. No doubt I was thinking with my penis somewhat at this point, but I felt that I would legitimately be helping a friend too. Of course, it helped that she was hot. 

"I can't believe I'm saying this," I said, "but I'll do it. And you don't have to pay me. I know it's hard on you as it is. Plus, I don't want to feel like a gigolo."

Marie laughed half-heartedly. "Thanks. Let's just make this quick, and then we can continue our lives like nothing happened, okay?"

"Sure," I said, nodding. "So, how do you want to do this?"

Marie thought for a second, and said, "Well, I guess the first step is to take our clothes off. Then, I've got some lube that I can use, and I guess after that, we'll just go for it."

Despite my growing horniness, I still felt the whole situation was ridiculous, but I began taking my clothes off just the same.  I noticed that Marie had followed suit. 

She slipped her shirt off first, exposing her well-toned stomach. Then, without missing a beat, she unbuckled her khakis and pulled them off her legs. I had gotten my pants and shirt off as well, and for a second, we both paused, standing in our underwear and looking at each other.

I saw Marie take a quick glance downward at my growing boner, then quickly upwards. It happened so fast that I almost didn't catch it, but the blush that began to appear in her cheeks confirmed what I saw.

"Well, I guess there's no turning back now," Marie said, as she reached behind her and unbuckled her bra. 

As she pulled it away, revealing her breasts, I realized that my fantasies of Marie didn't do her justice. Her boobs were just the right size and were perfectly shaped. I was also quickly gaining a new appreciation for how well her hips were curved. Dan was certainly a lucky man.

At this point, Marie turned around and pulled her panties down, letting me see her bare ass for the first time. Like her boobs, her ass was very well shaped, and I could tell she worked out regularly. If I didn't have a full erection before, I certainly did now.

I pulled my boxers down, letting my cock swing free. Marie didn't notice, because she was still turned around, reaching into her purse on the break table. She pulled out some lube, and applied it deftly between her legs.

She pulled herself onto the table, letting her legs hang off, and turned to face me. "Well, let's get this over with".

Marie spread her legs open, exposing her well-groomed pussy. I just stood there, admiring her body. I couldn't believe there was ever a point that I didn't notice how hot she was. In another life, she could have easily been a porn star, but the fact that she was always professional made her even hotter.

In a trance, I walked up to her until my cock was an inch away from entering her. "Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked, giving her one last chance to back out before I gave myself over to my instincts entirely.

"Yes. Just make it fast," Marie said, putting her arms behind her for support.

With one hand, I gripped my cock and stepped closer to Marie. My cock touched the cool lube on her pussy, and I moaned inwardly.  Instead of inserting my cock immediately, I began rubbing it on her pussy lips in a circular motion. I was at eye level with Marie, and it took everything in my willpower to avoid kissing her. 

I think Marie realized that I was quickly losing control, because she used one of her hands to grasp my penis and guide it to her hole. Rather than bringing me out of my lust, though, this only increased it. I pushed forward slowly, and her pussy enveloped my cock.  It was very tight, but the lube made it easy to slide in. Before I knew it, I was completely inside her.

I stared into her blue eyes as I began a slow pumping motion. Marie didn't make a sound, but she dropped her gaze to my cock plunging in and out of her.

I should have lost my load right there, but somehow I managed to hold on. I picked up speed gradually, and overcome with horniness, I moved my hands from my side and placed them on her hips. I was afraid that Marie would move them away, but she didn't.  Her gaze was fixed firmly on our lower regions. 

As I increased my pace, I noticed Marie's boobs bouncing with each pumping motion. Unable to control myself, I moved a hand upwards and squeezed one of them gently. Marie sharply looked up at me, but didn't say anything. Emboldened, I began massaging it, rubbing her nipple between my fingers. Marie made a small grunting noise, and a glazed look came over her eyes. I moved my hand upwards, running it behind her neck, then through her hair, cupping her head.  I ran my other hand down her side, feeling the curve of her hip, and then up over her stomach. As my hand touched her mid-section, her pussy muscles spasmed and gripped my cock tightly. Her legs suddenly wrapped tightly around me, which put me over the edge.  Sensing that I was close to blowing, I reached behind her and grabbed her shoulders with both hands. I plunged deep into her pussy, and in a state of pure ecstasy, shot my load inside her.

Panting, I slowly withdrew. My cock was quickly deflating, but I could see that it was still leaking cum. Marie seemed to be catching her breath as well, but the glazed look in her eyes was gone. For a second, we stared at each other, before Marie glanced away. I stepped back, letting her stand up from the table.

She reached a hand between her legs, and when she pulled her finger tips away, I could see some of my cum on them.

"Well," she said, "I guess we're finished."

"Yeah," I said, ecstasy fading. "I guess we should get dressed."

Marie got a napkin from her purse, and wiped her hand, then wiped away some excess cum that was still dripping from her pussy. 

"Well, I think we should be set" she said. "I just hope it worked."

We put our clothes on in silence, and I was about to leave, Marie grabbed my arm.

"What happened tonight is between us," she said, imploring with her eyes. "I did this for Dan, and while I appreciate you helping me out, we have to maintain our professional relationship. While I consider you a friend, I'm still your boss, and I can't treat you differently."

I nodded. "I understand."

Marie sighed. "Thank you. You're a good friend."

With that, she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, and pulled the gate open for me to leave. 

I walked to my car in a daze, still somewhat high from the sex, but quickly coming back to earth. I couldn't stop thinking about the tightness of Marie's pussy, the way her boobs bounced when I pounded into her, or the way she gasped when I rubbed her nipple. I went to bed that night wondering how I could possibly see her as just my boss again.

[To be continued in Part 2]