 I worked for a shoe store in a large mall that is situated right beside the Canadian Military HQ in Ottawa.

I was working one day, and a woman, from the military came in looking for shoes. She was very flirty and tried on a bunch of shoes. She was about 5'8" tall, medium build. She was very full featured, her lips were full, large eyes... black hair, tied up and she had freckles. Her skin was very white.

She was wearing military dress suit type outfit. It had a suit jacket, blue, and a knee length skirt. She was wearing black leather heels, and she carried her hat in her hand.

The store was pretty empty and Julie, the other employee on duty informed me she was going on break. When she left, the military woman told me she wanted to go out dancing and was trying to find something to wear. I suggested a few different shoes, but she pointed at the long black leather boots in the window. They were our most expensive in the store, but the commissions were weak on them. I tried to discourage her.

She would have none of it and said she really wanted to try on the boots, so off I trotted and got them from the back room. It took me a minute or two and when I came out I knelt down in front of her. She just placed her feet in front of me, obviously expecting me to remove her shoes for her. 

She had no stockings on, and I looked up at her to tell her I would grab a pair for her to try on the shoes. Her eyes just about made my heart jump out of my chest. It was like she had a spell on me or something. I had one of her feet in my hand, and I tried to say it was store policy... blah blah blah, but the words did not form. The look she had on her face was simply devilish.

She just simply said, take my shoe off. I did. It was obvious that she spent a lot of time on her feet. She commented on how rough her foot was, and I found myself rubbing it slightly and saying she was crazy, her feet were very nice. I removed the 2nd shoe and rubbed that foot as well.

I turned to pull one of the boots out of the box, I heard her reposition herself on the chair, when I turned around, she had hiked up her skirt quite a bit, way past her knee anyway. I could not help but see most of the way up her thigh. I couldn't see everything, but I was mesmerized. She snapped me out of it by grabbing my chin and telling me to pay attention to what I was doing. I was embarrassed. 

I slid the first boot up her leg. Trying hard not to look up her skirt while I did it. I was rosy cheeked, and sweating. My heart was pounding. In hindsight, it is clear she was having the time of her life making me squirm. I found myself looking at her hand, to see if she had a ring on. She noticed this right away and said "yes my little Romeo, I am married, but he's far away... Very far away". This statement sent me reeling. I knew she was toying with me. I was determined not to let it bother me anymore.

I grabbed the other boot. As I attempted to slide it up her leg, she again repositioned herself, spreading her legs as wide as the skirt would allow her to. She could tell I wasn't going for it, so she slid down in the chair, making me move. She whispered in a very low, husky voice "you know you want to look, go ahead". She was giving me a green light to look up her skirt! 

I melted. I followed the leg line up to her knee, followed the inside of her thigh and there it was. It was dark, but I could clearly make out her mound, covered in thick dark pubic hair. I became very aware of how she smelled at that moment. It was a musky scent, almost like men's cologne, but deeper, very organic. If I wasn't aroused already, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I couldn't take my eyes off it, even when I felt her foot press against my crotch.

Just as she let her foot slide away, my co-worker returned. I was flustered. She had no clue what had happened, but this obviously didn't look good. Julie is a friend of mine and she just giggled. I continued to put the other boot on the lady. I was red faced, she was in her glory. 

She said she loved the boots, they fit perfectly and would do nicely for dancing. I removed the boots, and tucked them back in the box. I got up, obviously weaving and went to the cash to ring her in. Julie was standing there smirking, then she said "I've got some work in the back; I'll leave you two alone". I could have smacked her for that comment, but the customer took it in stride.

As Julie took off, the lady said "smart girl". I am sure Julie heard it. I run the woman's boots in and asked her how she'd like to pay. She handed me a credit card and I rang it through. I tried to make small talk, but I was stammering. She just laughed. She thanked me for my gentlemanly behaviour and started to walk away. She stopped, turned to me, looked me directly in the eye and said, I'll be at the Castle (bar down the street) at 9, and looking for a gentleman to dance with, then she walked away.

Julie zipped out of the store room immediately laughing her fool head off at me. She said the look on my face during the whole transaction was priceless. She bugged me about it until closing. I was trying hard to pretend nothing happened but she kept on. Just as we were leaving, she started to encourage me to go down to the Castle to see what the woman wanted of me. Of course I wanted to go, but I wasn't going to admit that to Julie.

Julie kept on about it while we were walking to the bus. The bus stop was a couple hundred feet away from the Castle. When Julie asked me straight out, why I wasn't going, I replied to her that I only had 20 bucks on me and it wouldn't last in an upscale place like that. Julie reached in her purse and pulled out 40 more and handed it to me. She said, it was a loan, but I had to give her all the details during our next shift.

I don't know why, but I accepted. Walked her the rest of the way to the bus stop and avoided her persistent jabs about how I was going to get "lucky" by and older married woman. Julie boarded her bus, and I started the walk towards the Castle. It was almost 9 o'clock on the dot and I saw the military lady walking into the bar, wearing the boots. I almost turned back, thinking she did not see me. My hand thumbed the 60 dollars in my pocket.

I mustered up all the courage I had and walked into the bar. She was standing right inside the door. Without a word, she took my arm, and let me to a table. 

She had changed her clothing. She was in another knee length dress, but she wore stockings, black. Her top showed off her awesome cleavage. A chain dangled from her neck, resting right in between her tits. The buttons on her shirt were undone just enough to reveal the top of her black bra. The shirt showed off her body quite a bit more than the suit did.

I actually had enough composure to actually check her out properly. She wasn't a hard body, but she was definitely sexy as hell. Her sensual curves were perfectly cut by her outfit. She had more makeup on, but still not a lot. Her hair was teased up, but not a full blown 80's hairdo.

It was very busy, lots of lawyer/politician types in there. There were also some other military looking people there. She knew one of the guys there and he just nodded his approval when they said hello. I felt like a piece of meat!

We sat down, she introduced herself as Janeane. I stammered trying to spit out my name, she said "Hi Mike" before I finished. I was flabbergasted, trying to figure out how she knew my name as she reached over and flicked my name tag attached to my chest. I fumbled to remove it. I took it off, and slid it in my pants pocket.

She made small talk with me as we ordered drinks. Turned out, I didn't need the money, she ran a tab and bought all the drinks. As I became more comfortable, she turned out to be a very amusing woman. Her wit was fantastic. She was definitely a people watcher as she made comments about various people in the bar. We were laughing hard, most of the night.

One thing that did occur to me, is that there was NO dancefloor in this bar. I commented that it would look kinda funny if we danced there, she said that I was being silly, and that I should have known full well it was a ploy. It got awful quiet. I didn't know what to say. She sat there with an all knowing grin on her face. She pointed out the window, at the hotel across the street, and said "we can dance over there, if you want". 

It took me a minute to figure out what she meant. I had been in that hotel before, and they didn't have a dance bar in it. I came to the conclusion that is where she was staying and she was inviting me up to her room. I sheepishly said ok, she motioned the waiter over, handed him a mitful of cash and said "that should cover out tab". He looked at it, smiled and said I'll be back with your change. She said "don't worry about it", he thanked her, then took off.

We stood up, she took my arm, and we left. We walked across the street. I was silent. I didn't know what to say. Just as we were walking into the hotel she said "are you sure you are up for this?" I said, I am sure of it. We entered the elevator, alone, she pressed the 9th floor button. As soon as the door closed, she pushed me up against the wall and kissed me passionately.

The elevator made it to the 9th floor, she grabbed me by the belt buckle and pulled me a few feet down the hall to her room. She deftly opened the door and pulled me inside. She kissed me deeply again, pressing her body into mine. I was on fire. I had never wanted a woman like I wanted her. I started to say something, I don't remember what it was, she told me to shut up and pushed me onto the bed. 

She stood up in front of me, and started removing clothing. She raised her leg to the side of the bed and motioned for me to remove it, she did the same with the other. Her shirt came off, revealing the black bra underneath. It was properly sized for her 36c tits. Freckles adorned her bosom and torso. She reached behind her, and unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. Under it, she wore a black pair of panties, and garter belt.

She pulled me into her. I kissed her torso, thumbing at her panties waistline. She moved my hand away saying "hold on soldier, I need more foreplay than that. You are young, I don't want you misfiring". I felt a little insulted, but she quickly helped me forget that by pushing me down onto my back and straddling me as she planted another heavy kiss on me. She was hungry, she knew what she wanted. She undid the dress shirt I wore and bit my nipple. I reached behind her, fumbled with her bra until it came apart. Her tits spilled out into my face as her back arched in pleasure.

She slid down my body as I removed my shirt entirely. She undid my belt buckle and unzipped my pants. She moved over as I removed my pants and underwear. My cock was aching, hard and angry looking. She slipped off her panties, then pushed me back onto the bed. She grasped my cock and pulled it a few times as her leg passed over my head to straddle my face. Her thick, dark bush hovered over my face. I could see droplets of her wetness escaping her lips as she lowered onto my mouth.

As her pussy touched my lips, I could feel the heat emanating from it on my face. I kissed it, then licked it, searching for her clit with the tip of my tongue. I heard her gasp in pleasure as I found it. I love licking pussy, and used my tongue as best I could. I licked the entire slit, then I would concentrate on her clit, repeating the procedure. She told me to suck her clit. It was large, large enough to suck like a mini penis. She started to writhe.

More than once, she lifted off of me. I figured it was a form of self denial, as she seemed to be really close to orgasm. She was so wet, literally dripping. My face was covered in her juices. As she wound up again, she tried to lift, but I held her in place and aggressively flicked my tongue across her clit. That set her hips to bucking and she started to cum. A gush of cum came out as she ground down into me. She had lifted her torso up so she was almost sitting on my face. The liquid streamed down my cheeks as it filled my mouth. I almost choked on it until she bent back down and took my cock in her mouth with a vengeance.

She sucked me tip to base several times. She was fantastic. I could feel her throat muscles and tongue pulsating as she took my whole length. I wouldn't have lasted long in her mouth, but she knew enough to stop. She dismounted me and laid beside me. Kissed me deeply, her tongue probing my mouth. The taste was fantastic. It was a mix of her cum, saliva and my pre-cum. Kissing a woman after she's blown me always has a different feel to it. It's one of the most erotic things I know.

She looked at me and said "if you cum, are you going to go soft on me?". I said "probably". She then said "are you ok with licking me after you cum?" I hesitated... I didn't know.. I had never done that before. She whispered in my ear "most men can't do it on their own, they need some coaxing. If you really don't like it, just tell me to stop, Ok?" I nodded yes.

She straddled me, guiding my cock inside her. The feeling was nothing short of extraordinary. She was so wet, and hot, and tight. I felt like exploding right then and there. The thought of her cum filled pussy was excruciating. She led the action, noticing that I was very close, she said think of something other than sex, as she plunged deeply onto my cock. 

We fucked like that for about 10 minutes I'd say. She kept me on the edge as long as she could, but there came a point of no return. She sensed it and fucked me hard until I unloaded inside her. She milked me for every last drop, but didn't cum. I could tell she was close, but it didn't happen. I started to come down off the rush and remembered she was going to want me to lick her pussy. The idea wasn't as tantalizing as it was just a few minutes earlier.

She cursed at missing the orgasm. I knew it wasn't exactly directed at me, but I felt really guilty. Without a word she slid off of me. She laid beside me, I was breathing heavy. She didn't say anything, but she started feeling my deflating cock. Her frustrated sigh prompted me to lick her nipple. I felt her hands on my head, guiding me down her torso. My guilt, coupled with her persistence allowed me to submit. The thought was now turning my stomach a bit.

I repositioned my body, but her hands never left my head. She grasped a handful of my hair in each hand and pushed my head to her pussy. She didn't make me dive right in, but my lips were in the top of her pubic hair. I kissed her mound as her hips lifted and her hands pushed down. She ground her pubic bone against my face. I hoped this would make her cum. I could smell the mix of our juices.

She lifted my head a bit and tilted her hips exposing her pulsating pussy. A stream of liquid drooled out of it onto the sheet. It was a mass of cum, matted black pubic hair and swollen labia. Amazingly, I felt my cock twitch. I closed my eyes, stuck out my tongue and found her clit once more. Her hips bucked as she pushed my head onto her pussy. She let out a growl of sorts as she said "yes, that's it, lick it, lick it up". My tongue swirled over her labia. I could taste my own cum mixed with hers. 

It was certainly a different sensation that I had expected. It was very slick, tasted very "starchy" I guess. It wasn't near as gross as I feared. I started getting into it. Licking, sucking, swallowing. I felt one hand loosen on my head. Her hand streaked up my torso, until she grabbed my cock. It was still very slick from fucking her. She jerked it a few times and I started to get hard again. She was kissing my leg as she pulled it over her head. We were in a 69 with me on top. She licked and sucked my cock, coaxing it back to life.

By this time, I was literally tongue fucking her. Her hips gyrated. In an effort to show how good her lips felt on my cock, I followed suit and gyrated my hips. I felt her fingertips on my balls. Then underneath them. I still wasn't 100% hard again. Then I felt her fingernail scrape across my rectum! This made electricity shoot through my body. I became instantly erect as she swallowed my entire shaft. My mind was racing. I tried to keep licking her but my body was out of control.

I am not sure whether she told me to or not, but I dove a finger into her sopping cunt and licked her clit. I decided to run my middle finger along her anus as she did to me, and it worked, she burst into an orgasm almost immediately. I could feel her anus pucker as she came, it almost sucked my finger right in. She must have taken this for an invitation because I felt her finger move down my crack and to my anus again. My whole body shuddered. This time, instead of passing right by it, she held it there pressing against it. I was in ecstasy.

My head swam, my body shuddered, my cock twitched uncontrollably. She released the pressure and told me to fuck her. She laid there and I moved around to mount her. My cock was dripping pre-cum again! I spread her legs and entered her missionary. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me in deep. It started with a few long strokes, then it morphed into a rhythmic dance, our bodies in unison as I fucked her deep and hard. A chorus of groans, sighs and muted screams were accompanied by the sound of the bed moving under the stress of the movement.

Sweat covered both of our bodies as the tempo varied from slow and steady to fast and furious. The sounds were soon joined by the sound of skin slapping against skin. I couldn't believe I was lasting this long. I felt like a beast. Our bodies ground against each other, our sweat dripping, both our minds on one thing, orgasm.

Then it happened! My balls started to twitch violently, her pussy got impossibly warm. Our orgasms erupted simultaneously. The sound that escaped her lips is not describable, a mixture of a groan and a scream, vulgar, inhuman and very loud. My balls drained into her as I felt her pussy explode in a torrent of wetness. As soon as our orgasm subsided, I collapsed onto her, exhausted.

Panting, laboured breaths and the odd "mmmmm" was the only sounds for quite a few minutes as I deflated inside her. It wasn't the usual instant deflation, but a gradual one, accented by her vaginal muscles twitching. The feeling was exquisite. Eventually her pussy relinquished control of my now fully deflated cock and it plopped out. I rolled over and she put her arm around me, her leg crossed over my body and she kissed my neck.