 As soon as I heard that Sean would be home for a short leave in late October, it seemed obvious that I should invite him to tag along with me to the big Halloween costume party some of my friends were throwing. I knew he'd been lonely on his first deployment, and could use all the distractions he could get while he was home.

Sean and I weren't really that close. He was 19. I was 27. He'd enlisted with the Marines fresh out of high school. I was an anti-war liberal who rarely agreed with any decision to send our troops into harm's way. But he was a sweet kid, and there was something about him I'd always liked, ever since his older brother, a co-worker of mine, had introduced us at a work function back when Sean was still in high school.

At my co-worker's urging, I had sent Sean some e-mails while he was on his six-month stint in Afghanistan. That led to putting together a care package on behalf of our office. Soon I was signing up for Skype at Sean's request, so he could chat with a familiar face who wasn't just another relative. And before I knew it, I had, for the first time in my life, a real, personal connection with an active-duty service member on deployment halfway around the world.

It had been an enlightening experience for me, corresponding with him over the past few months. Even though he'd chosen his lot in life, enlisting like he did to follow in the footsteps of most men in his family, the reality of his situation had hit hard as he spent his first real time away from home. He was homesick, he was lonely, and he was, obviously, scared. For me, someone who'd gone through life to this point with zero personal connection to the military, it opened my eyes to the day-to-day struggles of these young men who were forced to grow up so fast.

So, I found myself in new territory. In the midst of my always-busy life, which was usually programmed down to the minute between career and personal obligations, I volunteered to help to plan this young marine's short visit home. When I ran it by his family, they agreed that the Halloween party would be a nice change of pace for him, a rare opportunity to get out of their house, with the steady stream of relatives stopping by to hug their soldier.

***

It was just past eleven in the morning on the day before that party when a knock on my office door pulled my attention away from the spreadsheet I'd been fighting with for most of the morning. Irritated by the distraction as I was just beginning to make progress, I responded somewhat angrily, "Yes, what is it?" Getting no answer, I finally looked up, and my anger quickly dissipated as I saw Sean standing in the doorway, a broad smile on his face.

It took a moment for my brain to make the connection that the muscular young man standing in my doorway was the same person as the scared kid who'd left several months prior. He literally looked like a completely different person. "Sean! I didn't know you'd be stopping by! How are you?" I stood up and walked towards him as I talked, smiling, and accepted his open arms for a big hug. He gripped me tightly, his strong hands clutching my back as our bodies pressed together.

Finally pulling away several moments later, he responded. "Well, my brother insisted that I stop by as soon as I got in. But mostly, I was hoping you'd let me take you to lunch today, Kate?"

His gaze was intense as he spoke, and as I responded, I felt his big blue eyes moving over my body. I had never felt self-conscious around Sean in the past, but now I did - I was suddenly very aware that he was watching my every move, from the way my tight skirt rode up my legs when I sat back down in my office chair, to the rise and fall of my chest as I took each breath, the silky fabric of my blouse clinging to my breasts.

"Ooh, yikes, Sean, I'm so busy, I don't know if I can step away! But please, come in, sit down, tell me about your trip home?"

He proceeded to talk about his experiences, both mundane and profound, for the next half-hour. He pulled out his camera and showed me pictures. Two things gradually became clear: that he needed to talk, and that I wanted to listen. So much for that spreadsheet.

"OK, Sean, I guess I can justify a lunch break after all."

"Really? That's great. I'll drive."

Our drive to the restaurant, about ten minutes away, was filled with more war stories. Just as I would begin to tune out one of his tales about guns or ammo or a lousy CO, he would surprise me with an insightful comment about the conflict, drawing my attention back in. He really had matured since I had seen him last, both physically and emotionally.

He convinced me to have a drink with lunch, something I never did while working, and our conversation gradually tended more towards the risqué, the double entendre, the occasional dirty joke. Some little part of the back of my mind was surprised at my behavior, but it also, perhaps under the influence of the midday drink, felt very easy and comfortable.

The banter between us reached a high point, or perhaps more accurately, a low point, when I played suggestively with the straw in my now-empty drink glass, sucking it in and out of my mouth. Sean quickly took the bait, asking whether it was long enough for me, thick enough for me. I giggled as he mimed with his hands what he thought would be a more appropriate length and girth for my needs. It was about then that I realized I should really be getting back to the office. I was having a great time - naughty banter and a nice long lunch out with a hot young guy - but there was a little part of me that was starting to feel guilty, as well.

"So, Sean, did your brother tell you about the party I want to take you to tomorrow?" I asked as we got back into his car for the drive back to my office.

"Yeah," he replied, "but if it's a costume party, I don't have anything to wear. I don't have anything with me except my fatigues and my old clothes at home, most of which don't seem to fit me anymore."

I looked over at him as he held up his arm and showed off his flexed bicep. It wasn't difficult for my mind to wander to his new, muscular body and how it must be bursting out of his old clothes.

"Hmm, well, I promise I'll come up with something for you."

"What, like you'll let me wear some of your clothes?"

He snickered, obviously meaning it as a joke, but I decided to play off his idea.

"Sure! What better costume could there be for a strong young marine than to dress as a career woman on her way to the office?"

He laughed, then played along. "Hmm... the sexy secretary costume, I guess it could work! Ok, but only if you wear my fatigues."

"I'm game if you are," I replied.

"Really?" he paused for a moment, then added, "god, you'd look sexy in my fatigues."

Sexy. The word rang in my ears; a man this much younger than me had never called me sexy before.

"Well then, it's decided."

I was amazed at myself. It had only been one drink, after all. What the hell was I saying?? I waved goodbye after arranging what time he'd arrive at my apartment the following evening so we could go to the party together.

I found myself distracted with thoughts of Sean the rest of the afternoon at work, and that night, I had an insanely hot dream with Sean in a starring role. When I woke up the following morning, I treated myself to a cold shower to try to snap out of the mood. Why did I feel strange about these feelings? After all, we were both single adults; there was nothing wrong with my fantasies. But somehow it did feel odd. Perhaps it was that my usual tendency was to be attracted to older men, not younger ones. Or just the fact that I was actually turned on by the concept of wearing a soldier's fatigues? That was definitely a first. Oh well, I told myself, we'd go to the party, have some fun, and he'd be gone again in a few days.

***

That evening, when the doorbell rang, I'd just managed to put all of the naughty thoughts about Sean, and all the things he might do to me, out of my head. I swung the door open, and there he was, dressed to the nines in a sexy blue dress shirt that matched his eyes just as well as it hugged his pecs, tailored slacks, and his marine's dress shoes. His fatigues were folded under his arm. I smiled and invited him in.

"So, Kate, are you still game?"

"You mean the costume idea? Sure, I'll stand behind my word on that. Here, give me the fatigues, I'll go change, and then we can figure out what you're going to wear."

"I have a better idea, Kate. Let's just swap clothes, right here, right now."

As soon as I blushed, I knew I'd lost any chance at pretending to argue. He'd already seen through me. 

"You do realize how long I was in the desert, don't you, Kate?"

I decided not to say another word, instead just beginning to strip. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse, my big blue eyes never leaving his, until the fabric finally fell away from my chest, revealing my perfect C-cup tits encased in a black lace bra. I tossed the blouse to the floor, reached for his camo shirt, and pulled it on, leaving it unbuttoned.

Sean was only a few inches taller than I, so I suspected the clothes would roughly fit me, just as a man's clothes usually fit a woman, baggy here and there. His eyes still focused on my chest, I unzipped and stepped out of my tight suit skirt, giving him a momentary glimpse of my legs and thong panties, before stepping into his camo pants, which fit quite nicely, if a little tight around the curve of my ass and hips.

"Oh, yeah, Kate. I called it. That is the sexiest thing I've ever seen, a gorgeous woman like you wearing my fatigues."

I blushed and glanced down, my eyes just catching the words "US Marines" embroidered on the shirt, before I looked back up into his eyes. The sensation was overwhelming: having such a young man so obviously attracted to me; smelling his scent on the clothes that were so close to my skin; the naughtiness of it all. 

I watched as he kicked off his shoes and quickly undressed down to his boxers. Wow, what a perfect, fit young specimen. He had a rock-hard six-pack, his shoulders were broad and strong, and yet his skin was still so smooth and youthful. He soon had me in hysterics as he tried on my blouse and skirt, his semi-hard cock bulging as he made an attempt to take a few steps in my heels. 

Our eyes met again, and his childish smile turned into a much more serious look as he peeled my clothes off of his body, tossed them to the floor, and strode across the room, grabbing me by the waist and hoisting me up into the air. I didn't think twice before wrapping my legs around him and joining my lips to his in a passionate kiss. He carried me effortlessly through my apartment, never breaking our kiss as he brought us into the kitchen, placing me gently onto the counter. 

His hands now free, he pushed the camo fabric away from my tits, then freed them from my bra, and began playing with my nipples. I arched my back in pleasure, and reached down to find his cock with my hands, massaging it through the thin fabric of his boxers.

He seemed surprisingly confident and experienced for his age, and yet I quickly remembered how long it had likely been since he had been with a woman. I pushed him gently, giving myself enough room to climb down off the counter, and dropped to my knees in front of him. His cock throbbed even before I could touch it again, and sensing that eagerness, I quickly shoved his boxers down to his knees and took his entire shaft into my mouth in one smooth motion, impressed at the his perfect length - about 7 inches - and girth.

I tried to move slowly at first, but from the thrusting of his hips, it was clear he wouldn't last long, and so I succumbed to his desperation, and bobbed quickly up and down on him, cupping and gently massaging his balls until he came after just a few minutes. As I struggled to swallow every last drop of his huge load of cum, he once again demonstrated his recently-increased strength by pulling me effortlessly to my feet, holding me tight in a firm embrace.

He began kissing me now, first on my neck, and then working his way down to my breasts, the fatigues - both top and bottom - gradually being stripped from me as he worked his way down. I was now standing before him in just bra and panties, and he smiled, bending down to place an arm behind my knees, before quickly and suddenly sweeping me off my feet and carrying me back into the living room.

I couldn't help but giggle, realizing it had been since my childhood that someone had so easily picked me up and carried me. The irony of this wasn't lost on me as I remembered our age difference. I wasn't exactly old enough to be his mother, but given my usual attraction to older men, this whole experience was a definite departure for me.

"Did you dream about this last night, Kate, like I did?"

"Oh god, yes."

"And what should happen next, to fulfill your dream?"

"You should fuck me, hard and fast."

"Oh, really? No more foreplay?"

"Fuck me, marine. The rougher the better."

I had never been so honest in my life. He smiled, obviously delighted by my instructions. He grabbed me by the waist once again, hoisted me up, and tossed me down onto the sofa, climbing on top of me and pressing the head of his cock against my clit, teasing, refusing to enter me even as I thrust my hips upward against him.

When he finally did enter me, it was with one fast and furious motion. I gasped at the initial shock, then eagerly panted as he began a steady, fast rhythm in and out. After a few minutes in this position, he grabbed my wrists and pulled me up towards him, expertly rocking back on his knees so that I was soon on top of him, riding him without missing a beat.

I smiled, happy that I'd brought him his first post-deployment orgasm so quickly so that I could now benefit from his impressive stamina. He grabbed my breasts, one in each hand, and I hissed at him to be rougher with them, squeezing my nipples harder as I rode him faster and faster. I was just beginning to approach my climax when he pushed me up and off of his cock, and I moaned with disappointment. But I followed his lead as he moved us to a new position, taking my hand as we both stood up and walked around the sofa.

Sean pushed me down, roughly, against the back of the sofa, and before I could even plant my feet firmly, plunged deep into me.

"You want it rough, right?"

"Yes, please, fuck me hard, harder!"

I knew I wouldn't last long, but I did my best to ride out the intense pleasure for as long as I could. Sean reached around me now and grabbed my breasts again, giving them the rough treatment I'd requested earlier, as his cock pounded my tight, wet pussy. I could hear his skin slapping against mine as my pussy finally clenched tight and my juices flowed all around his cock and dribbled down my inner thigh.

Much to my surprise, he didn't slow at all, simply continuing to plunge in and out of me with the same hard, fast pace as I came. As I recovered and became more aware of my surroundings once again, I realized that he was close to another climax of his own. I reached between my legs and began fondling his balls as he fucked me, and after a few moments, this pushed him over the edge. He pulled out of me, and I spun around and dropped to my knees, just in time to catch another load of cum, this one a bit smaller than the first, but just as delicious.

It didn't take us long to decide to skip the Halloween party entirely. But that doesn't mean I didn't put on my sexy costume again that night.