 This is only the second of three stories devoted to the larger ladies... Bless you all

*

She's my mate. I looked long and hard until I found her. I went out with every willing gal I found, and I found out a lot that folks don't tell you about. I feel that I could write a book on selecting the right gal and it's been a long study. Some gals that a guy should eliminate are those with excessive egos or those excessively critical. Discard those that are mean and vindictive and those harboring excessive jealousy next. Stay away from those always talking about a past lover or husband and that includes good or bad things. Party girls and those with a substance problem should be next. A constant Mama's or Poppa's girl isn't worth it. The list isn't complete and hasn't even mentioned bad habits and the unclean.

However, I don't want you to think you now know how to select a mate from such meager information because there are also things that you think you know and are probably working against you. If you're looking through rose-colored glasses then you should lose them! Quickly! Never look down or away from a gal because of her looks. Looks are physical and include height, weight and cover-girl prettiness. Sense of humor, mutual interest and intelligence are far more important. 

My favorite chair is old, scratched, discolored, and even has a few tears in the upholstery. No one else wants to sit in it and I love that part. It is comfortable, brings back memories and is mine. It is clean and well constructed. I've refilled the cushion a few times because what is a chair for? It is to sit in and after awhile it needs loving care and attention. One day I may fix the scratches and even mend the tears but right now it serves my every need and I have no intention of ever discarding it

It's been a warm night and we slept on top of the sheet and left the cover folded at the foot of the bed. We also slept nude which is normal for us. I was awake an hour ago and have been in that twilight area before sleep since. I felt her move and knew she was awake now. I kept my eyes closed but I was instantly aroused and my arousal would be apparent when she looked down. I'm not as sensitive to heat and cold as she is and I knew that she'd pull up the sheet soon. It was about five fifteen and the morning sky was just beginning to lighten outside when she sat up and paused before pulling the sheet up.

She has this uncanny ability. Somehow she covers herself and then with one sweep of her arm the sheet sails over me and billows. Then as the air slowly escapes and the sheet settles, her hand swings down slowly with it, so softly that I can barely feel it as it closes perfectly around my erection. She never misses and I always wait for it. I long for it to the point where I've thought of opening my eyes to see how she does it but that would ruin my morning game. After all I'm asleep with a hard-on.

She plays with me in her half-asleep mode for a few minutes and then she warms even further. We each have that early morning randiness that is so much fun and today is a special day... the start of a weekend. We can play and be at ease as we satisfy a week's longing. I know the next thing in the mornings pleasures will be her rolling onto her tummy and swapping hands so that she can play with two of her other friends.

Oh! That always feels good and I love the way she rolls the thinness of my scrotum, my pouch, between her thumb and finger. As she uses the pad of one finger to slowly circle the ridge around my head. At this point I'll usually move my hips a bit in comfort and perhaps let out a satisfied sigh. I think she listens for that sigh and I won't wait too long.

Now she's moved both hands to circle me and begin a slow teasing stroke with the fingers of one continuing up and over the sensitive skin of my head. She circles the opening several times as the other hand is returning and then she sits up and pulls the sheet over her head and lowers her face over me. To some guys it may only be a blowjob but never with her. What she does is an art that she's developed for me and I love it all.

She pulls me over and lets my stiffness swing me back to center several times. I think she may be gauging my stiffness but perhaps she just enjoys it for what it is. It's my gauge of desire for her even in my sleep.

Next she moistens my head and blows a cooling breath over it and begins a slow massage with her tongue. She runs her tongue down and around as her fingers hold my head. When she reaches the bottom she'll blow softly into the dark brown hair that is always there. With my shaft fully moistened she wraps my shaft in her hands and attends more fully to my head. Here she has a soft art cultivated as she moistens it and then begins following its contours with her palm. It's soft at first and slowly firms as a surging tease to one of the most sensitive parts of my body. At times she has used a sheet or the smoothness of a silken nightie and it is almost equally as arousing. It would be very easy to climax to this if it continued long enough.

Her tongue follows again and its tip circles and will eventually pause and tease the most tender area immediately under and behind my head. This will always elicit a response from me when awake or asleep. This morning it is my hand that travels down and cups her head and pulls it down as her mouths opens around me. I'm still 'asleep' as I moan softly and begin a soft snore.

Her tongue will remain outside and she won't begin to suck, yet! Instead her mouth will slip around it and her will tongue provide the soft wet slide that guides me. As her head returns she will curve her tongue in and tease that soft underside again. As my interest grows my body will respond eagerly in my sleep and my hips will thrust forward as my cock pulses and swells. This buildup is her method of foreplay and I've always become strongly aroused. She seems priapic at times and I have no complaint.

A few more strokes and she withdraws her slide and cups it under my head as her lips close and seal around it and she provides the vacuum... the suck... that will eventually pull everything from within me and drain me more completely than I would otherwise have achieved by ejaculation alone. I can feel the sensation as she uses her throat muscles and tongue to caress and stroke as their combined strength compresses my head slightly. And then I feel her throat close around my head and the momentary pleasure as throat muscles tease and stroke before retracting and repeating.

Any man can tell you the pleasures of deep throat and every woman can tell you the effort required to develop the skill completely. In our case she had spent hours and suffered many sore muscles and stretched throat cartilage working on this talent until she could control me nearly completely. The description may make it sound gruesome but we both enjoy the pleasure now the same as I suspect all successful couples do after achieving it.

Possibly too frequently I'll let her continue at this and justify my action by knowing that my next climax will not be so quick and I'll be able to pleasure her much longer. This morning however, amidst my pleasured moans, I force her away and pull her up and kiss her. She seems to want to return, but I resist and stack my pillow on hers and push her back in an almost sitting recline.

As I return to my kiss I lower my hand to a soft proud full breast and caress it with my palm before closing my fingers on a swollen hard nipple. I've learned there are times when gentleness first works best and other times when firmness excels. I seem to feel the need for gentleness first this morning and it may be the sweetness of her lips and softness of her tongue against mine but I yield to that need.

It is almost an echo of her own response as I fondle the nipple and then wet her with my tongue before placing my lips around it and kneading its fullness. Soon I have circled and teased and then pull it into my mouth and lave it. I suckle it awhile as my other hand has found the other breast before moving to it and lowering my hand to her tummy.

She calls herself fat and enjoys showing me how soft and ample her tummy is but I love its fullness and its softness. I wouldn't change her for any gift. Slowly I rub her tummy and circle it knowing in a moment that I will lower my face and caress it with my cheek before continuing to my ultimate destination further below. I feel a quick shiver through her body; a pleasured response and Goosebumps appear as I tease her tummy and navel. Her hands are in my hair and she is sighing deeply in pleasure as she works her fingers through it. I've known others that have great pleasure playing with hair and it isn't strange to me.

Finally I'm on my way and my lips and cheek slip lower and enjoy the caress of her soft skin. Her warm generous mons waits fully covered in the finest short fur as my lips work. At last I'm there and I catch the strength of her sweetest scent through tongue and nose. I rub my lips through it and finally extend my tongue and catch a small amount of moisture. The taste drives me quickly lower and I force my tongue between her sweet generous lips. I lap her sweetness for moments and then curl my tongue up and under her ample hood.

For a large girl she has a small sensitive clitoris that mirrors her need much as my own is manifest in my penis. She is already firm, but still grows quickly at my touch. At times she lets me lay nestled between her luscious thighs and at others she wants all the exercise of her need. This morning it's my pleasure to exercise. Her back slowly arches as it pushes her closer to me and is coupled with a mild twist and growing lateral motion. With each firmed swipe of my tongue she grows more energetic, more involved and dedicated. Soon her hips are swirling and thrusting quick and hard. She seems to withdraw and as I follow her into this ambush she suddenly reverses and drives forward hard pinning my tongue and chin, She is hot now and verging on release as I move my fingers lower and begin to stretch and expand her as I probe.

Her release is sweeter and more generous than before and her rhythmic movement pauses only a moment. I am here for her and want to please her again and again before our coupling. She pushes and urges me to swing around so that she might enjoy me, too. It is only a moment and we're in position as I can feel her hands and lips hungry for me. I have no doubt of her interest, but I have my mission to follow as I settle again into position and spread her thighs wide and raise her knees. In this position she cannot place a leg over my shoulder but she can roll on her side and cross a leg over around my head. My cheek is resting on the softness of her inner thigh and the other cheek is being caressed by its sister as I resume.

My cock is seized in the pleasure of her mouth and I'm well lubricated as I stretch my hips and thrust slowly to enjoy the favor she offers. It is almost enough to distract me... but the distraction is momentary as I return each offering. I feel her thighs tighten and the grip around my face is secure as she begins a slow necessary hump of my mouth. This time I help her along with a real massage of her pussy... beginning at the deep opening as I spread and circle it rigorously. My fingers are lubricated and I can feel her strength gripping them as I enter and begin stroking... and feeling as I look for each signal of her body as I approach her pleasure spot.

She's moaning and then her body is wildly thrashing... driving into and against me as she stops, screams my name and climaxes... She gushes love fluid and I hurry to clean her. My cock has been forgotten and her pleasure was long as she slowly settles again and I let her relax as I turn to kiss.... my face and lips already wet with her.

Her morning spanking will wait a few more minutes.