 PART IV -- THE WEASEL

Naseem was gone from my life and although it was pleasing to savour my victory, I had paid a real high price for it. Though Naseem had not made his case for reinstatement or responded in any way that I was aware of, I was not sure that this status quo would remain. For all I knew, his cohorts supposedly had a video record of my rape, and if this was somehow used as a tool against me, I would not be considered a victim but an active participant. I had to find myself a few more confidantes and supporters to back up my side of things if push came to shove.

I was surprised that Naseem did not make any protestations to the VP, having expected him to use his friendship with the other consultant to make his case. Yet none of this materialized and one day he just left the country. Still it was paramount to watch my back given that the folks in the office were now speculating about the reasons for his exit. Although the VP had kept the matter relatively under wraps, there were a few whispers concerning my involvement in the matter. Abida and Amber were cutting a wide berth from me. Even Imran, my "boyfriend," was acting a little cold, perhaps having just realized his supposedly inexperienced girlfriend was actually the office slut. It was critical that I found someone who had some power to wield and would come to my side.

II

My colleague Gibran announced that he was getting married and that the main wedding event in Lahore would be followed by a party in Islamabad. The VP asked about the pre-wedding henna ceremony, which was local custom, but was surprised to hear that, as Gibran had no family in Lahore, there would be no event. Always a team person, Mr. Jameel offered the use of his own large residence in Lahore for the party, given that many from the office and regional sales teams were planning to attend the main wedding party and the fact that he commuted to that city every weekend. 

I was interested in going, given that Abida, Amber and most of the other folks were making the trip. Unfortunately, my father refused permission for me to travel. Apparently he rightly figured that I would be up to no good. I tried to get the VP to back up a story I had concocted about a field visit in Lahore, but he would have none of it. 

Left alone I wondered what to do and for once felt good about going home to Abbotabad. It was on the next day that I got an interesting phone call. Mahfooz, the guy who had introduced me to the company had some hot gossip from the night before concerning Amber. She had gone with the group to Lahore, but then had apparently been seen alone with the Logistics Manager, Haramoon Mardood, in his hotel room quite late at night. Knowing that Amber had planned to stay at the VP's house, under the guidance of his mother and family, while the guys were to be at a rest house, the very idea of indiscretion by two of Mr. Jameel's most trusted people was very tasty, even if not exactly verifiable. 

I returned to Islamabad on the same night and told Naila what I had heard and how I wished it were true. While we sucked and fingered each other on her bed, our minds worked to turn things to my advantage. The little chickie had to pay for being the boss's favourite. As Naila tongued my pussy, I had a truly earth shattering orgasm. She bit down on my thigh, calling me a "verifiably evil person" for getting my rocks off thinking about the plan to destroy Amber's reputation. 

While Mahfooz's story had many gaps and seemed less than plausible, a woman left alone can create myths without much effort, a supposedly scorned one can raise hell, and two heads are infinitely better than one. By the end of the day an entire scenario had been created. I called many of the folks who had not made the trip, implying that something was amiss between Amber and Haramoon. The story aired had Haramoon seducing the innocent girl, by taking her to his hotel on some pretext, giving her a sedative or alcoholic drink to reduce her inhibitions and ability to resist, and then forcing her to part with her virginity. The silly girl, now soiled, could not do anything to him as Haramoon was in a position of power, and further because she was now ashamed to tell anyone, least of all the VP. May not sound much at all in a western context, but this could be the plot of a thousand Indian and Pakistani movies. What was interesting is that in the past few weeks, I had noticed Amber getting socially comfortable with Haramoon in the office, and he had often playfully tried to cuddle up though without reciprocity from her side.

On Sunday the group, minus the VP who had work to attend to in Multan the next day, returned to Islamabad and all went to the walima (post-wedding) dinner. This time I was free to attend, as my father had no worries about an event in town. I was quite happy to see that Amber was happily engaged in conversation with Haramoon and even sat next to him for dinner. Even though their interaction did not indicate any sign of intimacy, I could already see many raised eyebrows and questioning looks from people who had gotten some inkling of the rumour I had been spreading. 

III

I was moving against Amber and the stupid twit could not figure out that she was now at least the object of interest for many, if not pure lust for them. Quite a few persons asked her out for lunch and she was surprised by the attention. Every time the stupid girl accepted, she was damned even more in the eyes of the team. More interestingly I noted a few of the guys going to see Haramoon and congratulating him on his conquest. He seemed to be enjoying the hero feeling also and doing nothing to dispel the rumours. 

As he left the office one evening, I asked if he would give me a ride home. Haramoon was happy to comply, even though my residence was completely on the other side of town. While we had no direct work linkage, I had struck up a sort of rapport with him and would often join him for a few bawdy jokes or less than professional conversation. Going direct to the point with Haramoon was never going to be an issue as he had often hinted he would like to do the nasty with me during our chit chats. 

As we drove, I whispered, "you seem to have become a hero, I heard you were lucky with Amber." Haramoon jerked stiff, smiled and responded, "well some of us are good and get our rewards." The sniveling bastard was taking credit without so much as ever hearing how much I knew. I played along, "was she good in bed?" Haramoon seemed to expand replying, "virgins are not fun, but she will get better over time," implying that the relationship was continuing. I was enjoying every moment of this, as my rumour had taken the shape of reality. "So did you fuck her at the VP's house or at your hotel?" I quizzed him some more. "Well, half way during the party, she said she needed to be dropped at a cousin's house and I volunteered. Instead I took her to my room and we did it there," was his answer. "What was best for you?" I ventured, barely concealing my laughter. "Taking her virginity was nice, but I enjoyed it most when I had her suck my cock," came his reply. "Was she willing or did you give her some alcohol to reduce her inhibitions?" I probed further. "Oh, no, she was ready for a while to have sex, but gave it to a real man, with no need for alcohol or anything," he boasted. "Are her tits nice, she does look like she has a nice set, though of a medium size?" I probed. "Well, her tits are just a bit bigger than oranges, but quite perky and hard, of course sweeter than sugar" he verbally illustrated. "So did she stay all night or did you have to get her back?" I hooked him along. "Oh she stayed with me till about 10 a.m., when I sent her back to the VP's house, but we did not sleep much," he responded indicating that they had done the deed a few times. "Nobody saw her with you?" I asked. "No, I was careful that no one came to my room and I slipped her out to a taxi when the others were at a late breakfast," was his explanation. 

The tale had gone far enough and it was time to give him a dose of reality. "Well, that's all good for you, but if she left at ten, how come I received a phone call from Amber, Abida and Mr. Jameel, from the VPs house around 9 a.m. saying they had missed me, the party had ended at 6 a.m., when you left with the guys, and that the girls had stayed at his house?" I rammed my advantage home. "What?" he stammered, losing control. I had made up a total lie about the call, which I had not received from the girls or the VP, but had rather heard from another colleague that events had run quite late. He went red in the face and I now knew for sure that he had not gotten anywhere near Amber's honey pot, except as a figment of his active imagination. 

"Please don't tell anyone, they all believe I have fucked her, and if they find out otherwise I will be the butt of every joke in the company," he implored. Apparently the rumour had made its way to him by way of a few colleagues who had congratulated him, while still in Lahore, and by the time he had reached Islamabad, he believed in his own mind that he had achieved the near impossible. "Well, your secret is safe with me, and you can continue being a hero, but I am glad you have put doubts into people's minds about innocent little Amber, and I would be very happy if you do one day get to fuck her," I promised him. Wow, I was truly impressed with the phone system, as a few white lies to some folks around the country had in fact mushroomed very nicely into a full blown drama now being watched with interest by my colleagues countrywide.

Haramoon thanked me profusely, since he was mortified I would be reporting the matter to senior management, and that the VP would not take kindly to any loose talk concerning Amber. However, I was in need of allies and this one could prove particularly useful if he remained in his important position. I asked him if he still was in the mood for an office fuck. He was initially surprised, but catching on quickly he drove me home, since his wife and daughter were visiting his in-laws. As I did not have to be at the hostel till 10 p.m., we had more than three hours available to cement our bond. Haramoon was as good as my bitch for now and I had every intention of enjoying this dominance over a senior manager.

IV

Entering his house, I lay back against his chest and instinctively he put his hands around my boobs. He bent me over the sofa in the family room and began to grope to open my shalwar. Soon he had managed this and lifted the hem of my kameez to expose my ass. He stuck one finger into my pussy from behind and began to move it back and forth. As I spread my legs wider, he was able to insert another. We continued for a while and he managed to squeeze four fingers into my cunt. As his hand worked my vagina and began to get wet with my juices, he positioned his thumb on my asshole and pushed it in. Although it was not as large as some of the cocks I had taken there, the dryness felt harsh. He was now holding my insides as if I was a 6-pack of beverages. He kept working his fingers in and out of my orifices and I lay face front over the back of the sofa, coming furiously. 

I discarded my clothes quickly and ran into his bedroom. Pictures of his wife and kid were all over the place. I felt strangely aroused that I was violating the inner most sanctum of his wife's domain. "Fuck her," I thought, I need this guy's support. It was much later that I discovered that his current wife was in fact a former secretary whom he had impregnated. He was separated from his first wife, who lived with his other kids, but not divorced. Under Islamic law, he could have multiple wives, and the bastard had no problems adding to conquests on the side. 

Haramoon had removed all his clothing, except for his boxer shorts and we kissed for a while on the bed, while he fondled my breasts and privates. He raised my legs and put his tongue on my pussy, licking me deep inside. While Naila was no slouch as far as sucking pussy was concerned, I was impressed at the job, Haramoon was doing. I wondered if was equally adept when it came to using his prick. 

As he came up for air, I flipped him over pinning his head under my pussy. Since I was at the edge of the bed, I stood up, grabbed at his boxers and pulled them down. Lying there, in a most unexpectedly limp form, was the teeniest wiener I had seen on any male to date. I could not tell if it was soft or fully erect as the appendage was perhaps three inches at most. Figuring it needed stimulus to expand, I took it in my hand to discover it was a fully throbbing and hard penis, just on the very junior size. Unfortunately, I made a smart remark about expecting bigger rewards, given the size of his stories and energy. Haramoon turned red but I pushed him back on the bed and enveloped it with my mouth. Giving head had been more like taking a lollypop; this was like tasting hors d'oeuvres, barely on the palette. After a near eternity, I felt him stiffen and a few drops leaked out of him. 

His prick flopped back as if dead and shriveled to half its already small size. I gave him a few minutes to get his breath and then started to massage it again. I had not yet been properly fucked and he was not going to get away. But after 10 minutes, the cock looked even punier and I had to give up. "Come here," I ordered, "and finger me again. He complied quickly, still ashamed at the lack of performance. Soon my legs began to shake and I came nicely. As he removed his hand, I caught his prick again and kissed it, figuring he should feel better. "Maybe next time you should use Viagra, I suggested," a barb he did not appreciate, but accepted with grace anyway. 

I had learnt definitively that nothing had happened in Lahore. Amber had in fact accompanied Haramoon and others to their hotel prior to the start of the party, where she had been among a sizable group of people, and then had returned to the VP's house for the main party with the all team members staying at the hotel. She had been in Haramoon's room, all right, but with about half a dozen other people also there. Upon much needling, Haramoon had confessed that he wanted to fuck both Abida and Amber, particularly now having been intimate with me. He had hated Naseem for his friendship with Abida and I wondered why I had not taken his help earlier in getting Naseem out of the picture. This also explained why I had always noticed Naseem really talk down to Haramoon, like if he was some kind of low caste or untouchable. Haramoon now lusted for Amber, who had been respectful and friendly towards him and little else, but did not want to have a run in with Mr. Jameel. My rumour had made him some kind of hero as most persons in the group were apt to believe anything that involved a senior manager, but had not yet made it to the boss's ears. 

V

Things began to shape up further when the boss announced a national sales conference in Peshawar in early-December, some two weeks after the wedding. The group drove up in a caravan of cars, with one set splitting off for a private party in another town and the rest continuing to our hotel in Peshawar. Abida, Amber and I, the three females in the group were put in the same hotel room, while the guys doubled up. Mr. Jameel had a room on his own and made sure he was in the one right across the corridor from the girls. I playfully ribbed him about his proximity to the females and true to form his response was that we were his responsibility till the end of the event and he would watch that we got into no trouble.

It was quite late when the guys returned from their party. Haramoon had brought some food back and for some odd reason, Amber was famished. As they sat on the same bed and he handed her choice morsels, he repeatedly found reason to rub her shoulders, legs or arms, ensuring that those around would notice. Amber was too tired, too hungry or too innocent to realize what was happening. Stupidly she let him put a number of morsels in her mouth and he took advantage of rubbing around her lips and once even leaving his finger in her mouth so that she absent-mindedly sucked on it expecting a piece of kebab. Lucky for her, Mr. Jameel ran him off soon after. I figured he did not like that antic from Haramoon and was keen on everyone catching some sleep before the conference opened formally in a few hours. 

The conference events went very well and Mr. Jameel looked relieved. I was surprised to learn that he had not slept one wink but had remained up ensuring all arrangements for the event were in place. The 12 hour meet went off without a hitch and, despite not having any sleep at all, the VP was full of energy and zip. 

The evening consisted of local food and tribal music. Liquor flowed profusely amongst those who imbibed, Haramoon and myself included. Many a bottle was laid to waste and inhibitions lowered progressively. We returned to the hotel and moved into one of the rooms for a follow up party. With a music TV channel playing loudly, I began to dance and soon Haramoon was holding me from behind and gyrating along. Most of the other guys figured we were drunk, which was somewhat true. Imran did not approve of alcohol and left the hotel in a huff when he saw me drunk and dancing lewdly. 

Haramoon next took my hand and led me to my room, where Amber and Abida had just changed into their night clothes. He flopped onto Amber's bed and lay down as in a daze, while she wondered what to do. While we waited for things to move further, the VP called us all to join him and others in the Regional Manager's room, where they had received a celebration cake from one of our suppliers. As Abida and Amber went off with him, I jumped into the restroom, while Haramoon remained in bed. 

A few moments later, I heard a knock at the bathroom door. I let Haramoon in and he was unhappy that I had not gone along with Abida, leaving him the possibility of being alone with Amber to try his luck. Given that I had recently fucked him, I should have felt slighted, but the idea of Amber being deflowered and brought to earth was too enticing. I doubt that he would have succeeded, given the fact that she was friendly to him but not cuddly, and more to the point, Mr. Jameel was watching her like a hawk and would likely not leave her alone with any of the guys. But still I enjoyed the thrill of Haramoon's chase for her.

I put my hands on his crotch, undid his zipper and searched for his prick. It took a while to find and without removing his trousers it was not going to stick out far enough. I put my mouth around it and felt that maybe it grew a further few millimeters. Holding his penis in my hand, I took him to the bedroom. After locking the door, I had him lie down and straddled him from above. I inserted the little fellow into my opening and a couple of times it flopped out, not only was he small, my cunt was quite well used too by this time. Finally it stayed in place and I began to move forwards and back and up and down. 

Feeling almost nothing in my pussy, I asked him to insert some fingers to hold his prick in place. Now, with a bigger object going in and out of me, it was more like being fucked. I kept humping him for at least half an hour before he let out a small squeal and went still. He was coming, just a few drops, but potentially dangerous. "Fuck me," I yelped, getting up quickly. I had forgotten to put a condom on him and he had now come in me. It would be quite ironic if, having survived full on sex and multiple unprotected rapes with a number of well-endowed persons, I got a bun in my oven from this near castrato. 

As we lay in the bed, I asked how he kept his wife satisfied. I was shocked at his response that they had sex rarely, but his wife had a few friends on the side to service her needs. Apparently she had only married him because of the pregnancy during their affair and that too on the first go. Perhaps he made up in fertility where he lacked in size and gusto. I was now truly worried and tried my best to wash out my insides with water and even some diluted scotch. That stung like hell, but I prayed to high heaven and stoically took the pain. 
