 Note: In the first episode, Maryum had found a way to join the PW&TC. In the second, she had received a comeuppance of sorts for being a cock tease. This is the third episode. Enjoy.

MARYUM AASAN, TELECOM BITCH -- PART III -- THE REVENGE

Naseem and his cohorts had molested me so intensely that it took more than a week to get back to work. The bruises and scrapes I had suffered had healed by now. My pussy and ass, which had been repeatedly invaded, now felt better. I had not reported the incident to anybody as in Pakistani society the victim is often considered guiltier than the rapist. In my case this was probably true, given that I had driven Naseem to this extreme act through my own cock-teasing nature. Had I simply submitted to him, when we had the opportunity, I would not have been treated so brutally and by so many persons. I knew that I had received punishment that was more than the crime had warranted, but had no recourse other than to accept my fate. Or did I? 

II

As I returned to work for the first time after the incident, most of the people wondered if I had fought off the virus that had recently caused a few deaths nearby. Apparently Naseem had advised everyone that I had bird flu, which had affected the area, and was going to be out for a while. I was relieved that my ordeal was not common knowledge. But what peeved me most was that he had the nerve to send me a large flower arrangement with a 'Miss You, Get Well Soon' card affixed to it. There was general relief that I was not likely to infect anybody in the office. 

Acting normal I got to the work that I was sure had piled up for me. Certainly there was enough to keep me busy for a couple of weeks and that is exactly what I kept myself occupied with. Naseem had sensed that I was not exactly happy with him and decided to give me a wide berth for a few days. I imagined that having had his jollies, he would now seek out other prey, and I would not have to endure him again. Unfortunately that is not what he had in mind. 

III

The senior team members were busy with preparing a major presentation for the PT&WC board. Tension was rife in the air and most of the big guys were jumpy as hell. Our volumes had not been to the levels that had been erroneously promised in the budget plan, and the fear of heads rolling was everywhere.

There was one exception. Naseem appeared to be happy as ever and insulated from any of the excitement. However, he was doing his bit for the preparation and tended to stay late. A few weeks after the incident, I was called to the VP's office. Naseem, sitting with other senior managers, asked me to stay after hours for the next few days so that the work could be finished. My inner alarms went off, but noting the concerned demeanor of the VP, Mr. Jameel, I figured a negative response could cost me the position I had striven so hard for. 

The regular office staff cleared out between 5 and 6 pm. Most of the management stayed around. I noted that none of the other executive assistants had been asked to stay. At 7 pm, Naseem called me to his office, asking for a bunch of files. We started going over some of the information when the VP stuck his head in the door and said that everyone was going to dinner and if we would join. Naseem immediately piped up about having another prior engagement and that he would drop me off. Shortly afterward I heard them leave and the office went silent.

Naseem waiting a few minutes, ordered me to take off my clothes and spread out on his desk. I got up to run, but he had my arm in a strong grip. "Now, now, honey," he said, "do we want a repeat of the other night." The wind left my sails and without a word, I dropped every piece of clothing that I had on. 

Placing me on the wide desk, he got on top and entered my cunt. I cringed, as my mind took me right back to my rape. He kept a hold on my arms and worked his cock in and out of me. "Naseem, you are not wearing a condom," I pleaded. "Oh, don't worry, you wont know who the daddy is if you keep this whimpering up," he threatened, implying that others may be waiting their turn. After a while I began to feel warm up my insides, and as he thrust forward I met his spurt with a shattering orgasm of my own. Naseem was surprised, but I put my arms around him, pulling him closer, and bucked as I release my pent up fury. 

Pushing him off me, I slapped him hard. As he stood in shock I slapped him a few more times, tears running down my face, repeatedly asking him, "why, why, why?" He withstood this assault, then gathered me in his arms and placed a kiss on my mouth. "See, we can be friends and good ones," he said. 

I picked up my clothes, but he told me to leave them off and sit in his chair stark naked. Opening the folders he had collected from the floor he advised me that we did have some work to do. For the next couple of hours we actually went over much of the material in a very business like manner, even though I was thread bare. Thankfully we were not interrupted by anybody during the entire time.

Finally, he closed the folders and piled them on one side of his desk. Walking over to me, he pulled out his penis and placed it in my hands. I rubbed him up and down and slowly started licking the tip and sides. His moans of ecstasy told me that my power over him was returning and maybe I would be able to avenge myself. 

Naseem stuck his hand into my wet pussy, rubbed some juices into my rectum and on his prick. He positioned himself behind my rear and rammed his dick home. My ass had not healed as much as I thought and it was an intensely painful entry. However, I was now impaled on his cock and Naseem was enjoying every movement he made into and out of my orifice. Soon he began to pump in earnest and stickiness engulfed my backside. As he pulled out a stream of cum dribbled out and stained the carpet. 

The next morning, he greeted me with a smile, stuck his hand down my shalwar and copped a feel of my boobs when I brought him some paperwork. Although I had submitted to him the night before, and even enjoyed the sex, I had in no way forgiven him for the humiliation I had suffered so recently. I was keen to find a way to bring him down.

IV

Naseem had been paying more attention to me than normal and I noted that Abida did not appear too happy with the arrangement. My suspicions grew that there was something not fully cut and dried about their relationship. She seemed to be spending quite a lot of time with the VP's Assistant, Amber. The way they looked at me left no doubt that there was some speculation about my interaction with Naseem. I felt that I had somehow stepped on Abida's toes and she was using the inexperienced Amber as an ally and sounding board. 

Figuring I was on to something, I decided to go see the VP just prior to closing time. "Mr. Jameel, pardon me for bothering you, but I have a serious personal problem to discuss," I pleaded. However, as he was known to be keen on workplace ethics, promoting gender equality and free communication, I was told I could have 10 minutes of his time.

"Sir, I do not know how to say this, but I am feeling sexually harassed in this environment," I blurted. 

"What do you mean, Maryum?" he asked with obvious concern. 

"Sir, Mr. Naseem is trying to proposition me and I am a simple girl from a respectable family, I cannot do what I think he wants," I faked. I spun a yarn about Naseem's womanizing habits. 

This did not appear to take Mr. Jameel by surprise. "Come on, he has just come from Norway and his way of work is open, maybe you have misread him," he commented. 

"That is fine sir, but he has been asking me for dates at lunch and at night. Not only that, he has been chasing Abida around quite a bit," I continued. 

"I have seen them go for lunch a few times, but they are colleagues and I am not a mullah to stop them," he retorted. 

This was not going the way I wanted. Instead he had a good reason for each of Naseem's actions. That he did not know about our trysts was certain, but he did not appear bothered about internal fraternizing, as long as people were professional during work hours. 

I tried another approach, adding, "Sir, that is not all, he has tried to proposition Amber and she was upset the other day." 

He suddenly stopped and appeared to be dazed. "What did you say?" he rasped. 

"He wants to get involved with innocent little Amber and is trying to act nice to her," the words just formed in my mouth, "and I am sure that she is too inexperienced to see his real motives." 

"Maryum, I suggest you go home, I'll look into the matter," he said dismissing me, fuming because of the bombshell I had just dropped.

I saw Amber getting ready to leave and asked her to wait up for me. As we left the building I told her that she was looking really good lately and that anyone would love to go out with her. She retorted that she was here to work not get hooked up, though I knew that for her marrying someone from the office would be a step up from her current lower middle class economic state at home. I apologized quickly, telling her that it was okay to be socializing with work friends, particularly Naseem who was a real gentleman, if there was a group of people around. She was painfully naïve about the reputation of the person and was somewhat surprised as Naseem had talked to her many times, but never really about anything social or sexual. 

The same evening, I called Naseem and advised him that the boss was concerned that there may be something above board between us. However, I dropped a hint deliberately that Amber had mentioned how handsome he was and that she would not mind seeing him. I figured his ego and base nature would trump over his brains and he would make a move on her that would damn him in the eyes of the VP.

V

As planned and expected, Naseem spent a little more time than usual around Amber the next morning. Mr. Jameel was at the HQ building for the weekly meeting with the CEO and as noon approached, Naseem asked her if she would like to go for lunch. Amber, keeping in mind what I had said to her the evening before, was happy to go as long as Abida and another guy in the office came along. This was agreed and they went off to a nice restaurant in town. Since she did not want to disturb Mr. Jameel in his meeting, she sent him a text message simply stating, "Went to lunch with Naseem, we'll be back by 2:30 pm." She absent-mindedly forgot to mention that two other people were also with them.

Mr. Jameel had just exited the HQ and was rushing back to the office. The text message immediately put his senses on high alert, given the information I had fed to him earlier. I had rightly surmised that he would not be so concerned about Naseem's relationship with Abida or me. I had heard loose office talk of an arrangement to hire me. I had also heard other tongues wagging regarding Naseem's relationship with Abida, and felt the VP must have had some inkling. But where Amber was concerned, he was extremely possessive and treated her more like a daughter than an assistant. For her to be consorting with the office Romeo would just not do. I had been hoping that he may have felt jealous that Naseem was hitting on a girl that he had selected for himself. But while the jealous amour arrow went wildly awry, I had instead hit the jackpot by playing on his potential paternalistic concerns.

Knowing Amber was off site, and Mr. Jameel was not so happy about things, I upped the ante. "Sir, it's possible Amber is going to not come back from lunch, I heard something about taking the afternoon off and going to the mountains," I lied through my teeth. Mr. Jameel did not appear to fall for the obvious bait and shooed me away, but soon I noted one of the secretaries calling Naseem to come in for a business meeting immediately. Since they had no plans to extend the outing, and had nearly finished lunch, no one was any wiser about the reason for the call from the office. 

Amber, Naseem and party returned laughing and chatting from their meal. They entered the office with Naseem between the girls, having an arm each around Amber's and Abida's shoulders. Mr. Jameel looked angry standing in the central office area, but went into his office without a word. A little later when Amber went in to deliver some documents, he asked her to shut the door and sit. When she came out after about half an hour, she had turned pale and had tears in her eyes. Seeing my opportunity I pulled her into the corridor and asked her if everything was okay. Sniffling she said the VP had been extremely angry that she had gone to lunch with Naseem, who she was told had a very bad reputation. She was ordered to desist from going anywhere with him whether or not others came along. I now knew which lever to press with the VP, and also was happy that my revenge was taking shape. Also I now could see the outline of how to turn things if I felt Amber was a bigger threat than she already was.

VI

I now had to get some more dirt on Naseem. In order to dissuade him from chasing me all the time, I needed other support. This I found in the shape of Imran, an assistant manager who worked on logistics. He was a thin, spindly looking fellow, with no real attractive attributes. However, he had his own car and lived fairly close to my boarding house. By siding up to him, I could get an ally, and also free transportation that would save me the money I was spending each month to and from work. 

A week after we started getting friendly and coming to work together, I felt it was time things moved up a notch. As he drove us home one evening, I purposefully dropped my purse into his lap. I picked it up with one hand while squeezing his penis with the other. The car nearly went off the road and we were lucky that traffic was light. He looked at me with surprise and I worked my hand back to his crotch, unzipping his fly and pulling out his shorter than average sized prick. As he drove, I worked my hands on his dick. He began to enjoy the motion and said he had to stop. 

We drove to a secluded spot in the Margalla hills and I eagerly put his cock in my mouth. By now I was a cock-sucking expert and the poor guy had no hope in hell. Very shortly he had his first girl induced orgasm (I sure he had been a wanker before I got his rocks off). 

We got out of the car and he stood me up against the trunk. We kissed for quite a while and he explored my curves. He wanted very badly to fuck me but I insisted on a condom. Of course, he did not have one on him. Given the look of disappointment on his face, I asked if he would take responsibility if something happened. He agreed without a thought and I was soon sitting on the trunk with my legs spread and shalwar off. He tried to find my entry hole and I guided him close to the opening, squeezing his dick very hard as it entered. He was too involved to figure out that I was well utilized; rather he thought he was encountering my hymen. As he struggled, I let go and he entered with no trouble at all. Just to make the point I hissed sharply, suggesting that he had popped my cherry! He came mightily and I pushed him out as he sprayed his jism into me and all around. Imran had a look of immense satisfaction on his face and I had my slave. I had been very concerned that the rape and sex with Naseem and partners had resulted in a pregnancy, and if so, I now had the patsy to take the blame for fatherhood or the costs for an abortion. Just to make the point I whispered in his ear, "you need to use a condom the next time we do this!" 

VII

Naseem was not too happy about the new development. I went out of the way to act lovey-dovey with Imran in the office. Since I was coming and going with him, I had no reasons to be staying late. Also as Imran was acting real chivalrous, I was letting him buy me dinner and entertain me regularly, leaving no opportunity for Naseem to be alone with me. The longer I kept him at a distance and continued to be chummy with Imran, the more Naseem got irritated. Given his nature, he was on the lookout for a quick lay and, as I was apparently off the market for the time being, he had to spread his wings elsewhere. This left only two choices, Abida and Amber. 

I figured that he would make a play for Amber, since the lunch had been pleasant and he was not aware of the anger expressed by Mr. Jameel. Sure enough he hovered around her about an hour before lunch, and asked if she would be up to Chinese food, which she had once confessed was her favorite cuisine. Amber snapped back that she was busy and not interested in going for lunch. Not getting the message, he figured she truly was tied up. Following the weekend he again tried to get her out and got the same answer. Not being used to refusal from the junior staff, he called her at home for a possible dinner date. Once again she turned him down, claiming she had visitors at home and could not leave. Concerned at his persistence, Amber called me for advice on the matter. I acted surprised at hearing that Naseem was calling her and instead suggested she brought the matter up to the boss.

The next day, Amber walked into Mr. Jameel's office and burst into tears. "You were absolutely right, Sir, Mr. Naseem is a bad person who only has one thing on his mind," she blurted. The VP, taken by surprise, asked her what the matter was. "Sir, he has been bothering me, night and day, asking for a date," she complained. "I am not the type of girl he wants. Just because he had something with Abida or if Maryum and Imran are having an affair, does not mean I am going to have sex with him," she continued to spew forth her anger. Amber ran him through the events of the past week, including the offers for meals and the call at home. I had already wound the VP up and this was the straw that would normally have broken the camel's back. 

Unfortunately for me, a board meeting was around the corner and the VP was too busy to follow up on the matter right then. He had advised Amber to steer clear and had in fact also asked Naseem to let her be as she felt he had an ulterior motive. As expected Naseem had feigned ignorance and, while the VP did not take any immediate action, his mind was poisoned. 

VII

Given the run of bad luck he had with Amber, and the fact that I was not easily available, it was expected that Naseem would have to find his release elsewhere. I was wondering if he would make a move on Abida as, contrary to rumour, I had really not seen them together since joining the company. There was every chance that he would find a way to soothe matters with her, so it was important to close this avenue for him too.

I went in to see the VP and thanked him for his help in getting Naseem off my back. He was somewhat surprised since he had not done anything in that context. He was relieved that the matter would go away. Imagine my luck when his phone rang and Saadia, the cute wireless engineer, who was related to the VP, called up. Since lunch time was at hand, he suggested a meal together and sent his car over to pick her up. 

Mr. Jameel was busy with some visitors when she arrived and asked me to seat her somewhere. Trickily I took her over to Naseem's office. Since they knew each other from her earlier visits to the office, she had no problem sitting there and chatting. Unable to resist a beautiful girl, Naseem went on a charm offensive. Saadia was laughing as he attempted to flatter her. Just as the VP came over to collect her, she turned to him and said, "call me soon and we will get together," the context being a meeting with the wireless team on some technical aspects. Mr. Jameel, who only heard the end of the exchange, took her hand, leading her out of the room and to the elevator bank. All the while he had a look of puzzlement on his face. I am sure he was wondering if Naseem had been hitting on her, which he had, but not as had been heard by the VP.
