 Marlene winced as her finger got caught in the date stamp. Her eyes closed to cat-like slits and her lips puckered to an "o," as she grabbed her hand and yelped.

Steve turned, "Are you okay?" Seeing what had happened, he sped off to get her some ice from the office fridge upstairs.

Marlene smiled, and watched him go, and released her grip on her other hand. Looking around to make sure no one was watching, she undid the top button of her blouse. She'd only pretended to hurt herself to see what he would do. He returned quickly with some ice wrapped in a hand towel and put it on her "injured" hand.

She thanked him, and he said, "Hey, it's your birthday today, isn't it? Would you like me to treat you to lunch?"

She accepted cheerfully. She wasn't sure what to make of Steve. She was pretty sure she'd caught him looking at her several times out of the corner of her eye, but unlike the other guys in the office, he never seemed to "undress" her with his eyes, nor did he seem to scope out her ample cleavage like everyone else. In fact, she'd noticed that when he talked to her, he rarely made full eye contact and seemed to look somewhere past her shoulder.

At lunchtime he stopped by her desk, and looking up, she said, "You ready?" He replied affirmatively, and she stood up. She was a 4'11" package of sex appeal, with soft, yet smoldering brown eyes, a button nose with a playful smile, and a slender body. Her breasts were significantly larger than most girls her size, but they were original factory equipment. There was no plastic surgery here.

She slung her purse over her shoulder and seeing his frown when he saw her cigarette; she assured him, "Don't worry. I'll put it out. I won't smoke in your car."

Relieved, he held the exit door open for her, and to her delight, he also opened the door to his Mazda MX-5 for her. Hopping in, she said, "This is a nice car you have." and he thanked her shyly. He drove them to a nearby restaurant that served pretty decent pub food.

They talked companionably during the meal about this and that, and she again noticed that he didn't seem to be looking in her eyes when he spoke, and he wasn't looking at the hint of her intentionally exposed cleavage. After they finished the meal, she lit a cigarette and slowly exhaled up to the ceiling. She noticed his eyes on her lips and the way they followed the plume of smoke upwards. Pleased that she'd gotten this reaction, she began to make her plans.

The waitress returned and asked if they'd like any coffee or dessert. "You're the birthday girl, up to you," Steve offered. Marlene said she was full and not wanting to get in trouble with the bitches that ran the office, said that they'd better head back. Steve assured her it would be okay since she was with him, but she declined.

As he parked the car outside the office, he asked how things were going with her boyfriend. "What boyfriend?" she asked, "I dumped that loser."

Steve looked as if there were something he wanted to say, but he got out and opened the door for her again. "You are quite the gentleman," she noted enthusiastically. He just blushed a little which amused her no end.

They entered the office, and she went to her desk, and he went upstairs to his work area, and they resumed their work day.

In mid-afternoon, she noticed Steve standing by the file cabinet by the water cooler, and she went over, gently pushed him aside, and bent straight down and pretended to get something stored under the desk. He couldn't take his eyes off her precious bottom situated inches from his groin, and he started to feel a familiar swelling. Embarrassed, he quickly put a folder in front of his now bulging pants. Noticing that she'd gotten the intended result, she smiled to herself and went back to her desk with the "needed" supplies.

At quitting time, she'd gone upstairs to clean out the coffee pot since the bitches she worked with always made her do it, as though they never drank any themselves. Seeing him sitting at his desk with his back to her she quickly leaned over his right shoulder and said, "Thank you for lunch." She tried to give him a quick peck on the cheek, but he'd turned to say "You're welcome." and their lips met accidentally.

Startled, she took a quick step back, and suddenly, he was standing with his arms on either side of her shoulders, with a strangled look on her face. She gestured to the cigarette she had in her hand and quickly ducked under his arms to put it in a nearby ashtray. She snuck back under his arms, and lazily draped hers around his neck. "Now, where were we?" she asked.

Steve still looked spell-struck, and quickly looked down at his feet. "Hey, look at me," she intoned, and when he didn't obey immediately, she repeated herself. "Look. At. Me." she said softly, and his eyes rose but still didn't quite seem centered on hers. It was as if he was afraid to look at her.

She studied him intently, and then smiled, "I think we need to talk, why don't you take me to dinner?" He nodded dumbly, and he shut down his laptop, and they left the office. 

It was a small office, and it wasn't in the best neighborhood, so he walked her to her car. "Do you know D'Esposito's?" she asked, and he nodded. "Good, follow me home, and we can go over together." She got into her car, and he walked to his car parked a short distance away and did the same. He then followed her to her home, and he got out to open the car door for her once more. She smiled with genuine delight at his gentlemanly behavior and got in.

He drove to the restaurant, and they got a quiet table in the corner. They sat down and again enjoyed a quiet meal and good conversation. To Marlene's frustration, Steve still couldn't seem to look her straight in the eye, and she was determined to get to the bottom of this.

At the end of the meal, the waitress inquired if they wanted coffee or dessert, but Marlene said they'd take the check.

He drove her back to her parent's home, and she invited him in. "I'm only 19, so I can't offer you anything alcoholic, but I can offer you a soda." He was hesitant, but she assured him her parents weren't home and that it would be okay.

He followed her into her house, and she invited him to grab a seat on the couch, and she flicked the tv on with a remote. "I'm just going to get out of these work clothes into something more comfortable and get you that soda."

She returned quickly, wearing sweatpants and an oversized cut-off sweatshirt and two Cokes. Handing him one, she sat down next to him and grabbed the remote to find something to watch.

"Oh, this one is funny, let's watch this," she said, and he shrugged his shoulders agreeably. She saw that he was anxious about something, so she continued to make small talk to ease his anxiety.

Finally, she switched subjects without a segue and said, "So, Steve, tell me. Why won't you ever look me in the eyes?" and looked up at him. Seeing the same strangled expression on his face from before, she gently pushed him backward until he was flat on his back.

She quickly knelt on him, straddling him with her legs, and putting her small hands firmly on his chest. "It's a simple question. Why. Won't. You. Look. At. Me." She punched him gently to accentuate every word.

Finally, he blurted out, "You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, but you're out of my league. I'm afraid if I look at you, I might lose control, grab you and start kissing you."

She smiled, knowing she had him, "It's funny you say that. But, you forget a few things. First, I'm the one who decides who's in my league. Second, if you were paying attention, you'd have noticed that I've been almost throwing myself at you for months. Do you know how you can tell?"

Confused, he shook his head, "No, I didn't pick up on that. How can I tell?"

Leaning forward to kiss him lightly on the lips, she responded. "Lots of ways. When a girl invents reasons to talk to you, she's letting you know she's interested."

"Another way to tell is if a girl always unbuttons her blouse an extra button or two only when you're around in the hope you'll notice her breasts."

Steve started to blush, and she grinned at him, "Another good way to tell is if she takes your hands and slides them up under her sweatshirt to let you know she's not wearing a bra," and guided his hands up under her sweatshirt to her firm, supple breasts. As he grabbed her delightful globes, she wiggled her hips, so they shook in his hand, displaying just the right amount of both jiggle and firmness.

"Every other guy in that office is constantly ogling my breasts. Except you. And now you're the only one who's going to get to touch them."

"Are you beginning to get the picture?" she asked huskily, and he nodded dumbly. "It's okay to look at me," she continued. "I want you to look at me. I get annoyed if you're not looking at me."

She leaned closer until her face was inches away from his. "So, now that you know all that, what are you going to do?"

With a moan filled with lust and hunger, he gently placed his hands on her cheeks and pulled her closer to him and kissed her. He was hesitant at first, unsure of himself, but she responded to his kisses eagerly.

She took control and pressed her tongue to his lips, and he parted them. His tongue began to dance with hers, timidly at first, but slowly increasing in passion. She smiled and tenderly bit his lower lip.

Her left hand stroked his cheek, and she said, "Now, see was that so hard?" as her right found its way to his throbbing penis. She chuckled as she stroked it, and repeated herself, "Now, see, is that so hard?"

He smiled at her wordplay and continued kissing her as his hand began to knead her breasts firmly. She broke the kiss and straightened up so she could she could shrug off the sweatshirt and discarded it casually to the floor.

She stood up, and taking his hand, began to lead him in the direction of her bedroom. She paused and looked at him thoughtfully, and after a moment, said, "I think it would be better if you carried me upstairs."

He looked at her with scarcely contained lust and hunger and scooped her tiny body up into his arms. She was no burden at all, and she wrapped her arms around his shoulder. 

"It's upstairs. First door on the right," Marlene said. He followed her direction and took her upstairs.

The bedroom wasn't quite what he expected, with frills and lace and a "princess" feel. He laid her carefully on the bed, and she shimmied out of her sweatpants to reveal she wasn't wearing panties either.

He blushed at her beautiful, brazenly naked form, and laughing boldly at his nervousness; she said, "Oh, another way you can pick up on that a girl likes you is if she takes off her pants and isn't wearing any underwear."

His face turned an even darker shade of crimson, but he moved to his knees and began to part his legs. "Don't bother with that," Marlene said, "I just don't seem to cum when guys are eating me."

He arched his eyebrow, and retorted, "If that's true, they haven't been doing it right."

"Oh, listen to you," she giggled, "Twenty minutes ago you wouldn't even look me in the eyes, and now you're talking shit about eating pussy? Ok, buddy, it's all yours. Let's see what you've got."

Grinning confidently at her, he lowered his lips to his pussy and began to kiss it gently. He knew he was only average looking, and he knew his dick wasn't the biggest. But, he also knew that the key to pleasing a woman with his tongue was patience and a willingness to please. And that, he knew, he had an ample supply.

His tongue traced delicately around her labia, slowly, gently. First clockwise, and then reversing course. He parted her lips with his fingers and probed with his tongue, and she sighed.

He inserted his index finger facing upward as his thumb pressed and flicked on her clit. He massaged gently, pinching and rubbing from above and below, as satisfied sounds escaped her lips.

His tongue and thumb continued their attack on her clit as he manipulated his hand to slide his middle finger in as well. Marlene started to moan and bite her lower lip as his fingers, tongue lips darted all over her moistness.

She placed her hands on the back of his hand, pulling him tighter and she ran her hands through his thick brown hair. "Okay, I may have. Underestimated. You." she gasped in a harsh, staccato whisper.

He smiled and increased his pace. Marlene's head slid back and forth on her pillows, and she arched her back to raise her pussy further into him. He slowed for a time, and then gradually again increased the intensity of his licking. 

Her breathing became ragged as he brought her to the edge and back several times. Finally, she started to whimper, and he smiled as he felt the involuntary shudder deep within her as she came thunderously.

"Fuck. Why has no one ever done it that well before?" she implored. "Okay, I'm sold. A guy can make me cum with his mouth."

She massaged her firm, bountiful breasts, as she caught her breath.

"Okay, You need to get up here and fuck me. My favorite position is doggy, but I'm betting that you think missionary is more romantic than doggy. So, after what you just did, you can lead the way."

He smiled, amused and pleased that she had read his mind. He crawled up the bed and planted his fists tightly on either side of her hips as if he were afraid she'd change her mind.

Rereading his thoughts, she laughed, "Don't worry, buddy. After what you just did. I'm not fucking going anywhere."

He made his entrance very slowly, and she sighed, "Don't worry, I'm not a virgin. You won't hurt me." 

He shook his head, "I'm not worried that I'll hurt you. I want to savor every inch of each stroke for a bit." He moved forward slowly until he was into the hilt and then drew back and repeated the process. When he thrust forward again and was buried deep inside her, his cock was centimeters short of her cervix. It was as if her pussy was molded explicitly for his penis or vice versa.

Either way, they began to move together with reckless abandon. She clasped him closer, arching her back so that her breasts crushed against his firm chest. He continued bucking forward, pressing her into the mattress with each savage thrust as her hands roamed across his back.

He kissed the side of her neck and could feel her hot breath against the side of his neck, as she moaned with delight.

"Keep going," she cried, "Fill me with your cum."

Realizing that they'd both been caught in the heat of the moment, and hadn't discussed safety, he whispered, "It it okay?"

"Yes, don't worry. I'm on the pill." Marlene gasped.

His moans mixed with hers and soon he shot jets of hot semen into her pussy. He pumped vigorously until his balls fully drained.

He collapsed onto her, and then rolled off to the side, pulling her closer.

"Fuck," she whispered. "That was incredible."

"I'm glad you didn't give up on me," he said. "I guess I was clueless, huh?"

"Fuck, yes," she said, hitting him with a throw pillow. "My parents are away for the weekend; you can stay over."

She snuggled closer, kissing his chest, and giggled.

"What?" Steve asked.

"I can't decide which I want first. The post-sex cigarette, or for you to do that fucking again."

He smiled, and looked at her with love, "I know which one's better for your health. Get on your knees." 

"You were listening?" she asked, as she scrambled into position so that he could take her doggy style.

He positioned himself behind her, "I'm always listening when you speak. I think I have every word you've ever said to me, burned into my brain. I just thought you were too beautiful to consider me."

She smiled at his simple, awkward compliment and softly moaned as he made his entrance.

She was looking forward to a fantastic birthday weekend.

Eight months later, she was walking down the aisle beaming at her groom to be. Steve stood near the altar, still spell-struck at his good fortune. He realized he was the luckiest man alive.