 My husband and I married when we were very young. I was 20, he was 21. I'm from a very conservative family, which meant no sex until marriage. I told him on our first date that I'd want to stay a virgin until we were married, and he was fine with it.

We've been married for five years now. He always treated me like a princess and respected me so much. He often asked if he could kiss me, which I found so cute and innocent.

But here was the thing: I had a high sex drive and wanted him to be a bit rougher, but didn't know how to tell him.

I wasn't unhappy about our sex life. Once a week is a lot compared to other married couples anyway. But sometimes I wished we would spice it up just a bit.

I never told him about my desires, my fantasies. I didn't want to change his view of me. I had been hoping he would suggest something new to try in bed, but maybe he was too shy about it. We almost never talked about sex anyway, but while he was at work I thought about him all the time. He's damn handsome, and fit. His upper body is really hairy, and I love it. His manly 6' frame makes me feel so petite and feminine. He does 40 pushups every morning before going to work, but sadly always keeps his shirt on while doing them. I've never been brave enough to ask him to take it off. 

I had to take the first step.

I had to get his attention, make him think about me sexually more. I wanted him to think about me all throughout the day, especially on his way home from work. 

So I went out to buy lingerie. I bought a cute dark-blue bra and panties. I won't lie - I looked pretty good in them. I had also put on make-up, something I hadn't done for him in a long time.

I heard him unlock the front door.

"Julie? Are you home?"

I heard him take off his coat and shoes, and walk towards the bedroom.

"Have you already gone to bed-"

He froze mid sentence when he saw me lying on my side on the bed, propped up on my elbow, my other hand gently resting on top of my thigh. 

"Yes, why don't you come join me?"

He was speechless. 

I stood up and walked toward him. His eyes wandered all over my body. For the first time in a long while I felt sexy. I put one hand on his chest and the other around his neck and got on my tip toes. He leaned down and wrapped his brawny arms around my slender waist.

The kiss seemed to last forever. 

He eventually broke it off and I slowly got back down on the heels of my feet, looking up at his deep blue eyes.

He held my thigh with one hand so it stood at a right angle to his and lifted me up slightly. I put my ear against his chest as he walked toward our bed. He put me down and looked at me from head to toe.

"You're smoking hot."

He had never called me 'hot' before. He had called me 'beautiful', 'pretty', even 'gorgeous' in the past, but never 'hot'. I blushed a tiny bit. Our bedroom suddenly felt really warm. 

He leaned down and began kissing my neck. I unbuttoned his shirt. I couldn't wait to feel his skin against mine. He got up to take his shirt off, but I tore it out of his hands, threw it across the room and pulled him back down onto me. His lips were directly above mine and our eyes locked. 

The raw scent of his aftershave mixed with his sweat made the air so thick with sexual tension, I thought I'd be able to reach out and grab it. I couldn't wait any longer so I put my hands on the back of his head and leaned up to kiss him again. He had his arms around my back, gently pushing my hips against his. I was getting moist at the feeling of his hard cock pressing against me through his pants, and began pulling down his zipper. He however moved down and softly kissed my neck again, while his fingertips gently strafed along my chest. The touch of his warm hands felt electric. 

He sat back up and took off his pants, revealing his tented boxers. The idea that I had turned him on was a huge confidence booster. I carefully unhooked my bra, but kept my left arm over my naked breasts. 

"You first." I said.

"I already took my shirt off. It's your panties that need to go." 

The commanding tone of his voice was such a turn-on. We had never really seen each other naked during sex. We always had the lights off, doing our thing under the blanket. This was new and exciting.

He traced his fingertips down my belly to the side of my hips, where he hooked his index fingers into the thin, elastic waistband of my panties, and stretched them out a bit. He gently tugged on them until they began sliding down. He caressed the soft skin of my legs, causing me to let out a quiet moan. My panties slid past my toes, and he dropped them on the floor. He took off his boxers, and I gasped when I saw his erect manhood. I felt the moistness of his hands as he caressed my legs again, crawling up until his face was above mine. I was almost embarrassed at how wet he'd made me. I put my hand on his cheek.

"Michael..." I whispered. 

He slowly lowered his hips, and the moment his tip touched me I melted. He continued pushing it in, and I was almost having trouble breathing. His girth felt so hard and strong against the soft inside of my womanhood.

I wrapped my arms around his back, pressing our bare skin together. I thought his impressive length would never end. When his hips finally touched mine he felt deeper in me than ever before. I took in a shaky breath, almost unable to cope with the pleasure. 

With his strong arms around me, I felt safe, secure, taken care of. Nothing in the world could ever separate us.

When he began pulling out, I felt as if he was leaving behind a cold vacuum. But when he plunged back in again, the whole room seemed to light up with fire. The fire also burned inside me, heating me up.

His pace got quicker, and so did my breathing. I had never experienced such closeness to him ever before. With every thrust the storm in me seemed to grow. I was moving towards climax - a vaginal orgasm. He began slowing down in order to last longer, but I was getting close.

"Faster!" I panted in a breathy voice, pressing my hips against his. Soon he reached climax. The feeling of his cock pulsing deep inside me combined with his hot seed filling me pushed me over the edge. For the first time ever, I had a vaginal orgasm. Not that sex with him had previously been bad, this just felt that much more amazing. A much more intense and longer lasting orgasm than ever before. After a few seconds he collapsed onto me with his head beside mine, both of us breathing heavily. 

"We're doing this everyday, okay?" I finally managed to whisper into his ear. 

"First thing tomorrow morning."