 "Didn't I see you sitting outside the changing rooms in Pennies?" A woman standing in front of one of those three way mirrors asked.

"Huh?" I responded, startled from my half stupor of staring at the woman admiring herself in the mirror.

"I asked if that was you sitting in front of the dressing rooms down in J. C. Penny's." She asked again. "You aren't some kind of pervert just trying to peek into the dressing rooms, are you?"

"Huh? NO!" I answered a bit indignantly. "I'm helping my daughter shop for some work outfits." 

"Really? All this time?"

"Fraid so." I answered. "Never did understand why it took hours to shop for a few outfits."

"Well, it all has to look just right." She answered. "I'm sure your wife is having a nice time helping your daughter."

"No, afraid it's just the two of us."

"Really? Well, I'm sure when you get home your wife will appreciate your efforts." She said stepping back into the mirror and admiring herself again.

"Well, she doesn't know I'm here doing this. No this is just me trying to help my daughter get some new clothes for her first real job."

"Oh, that IS sweet of you. Has she just graduated?"

"From college, yeah." I answered.

"Well, you are a good father." She said stepping out of the mirror. "No, this just isn't going to do." She added, shaking her head and heading back into the dressing room.

I waited only a few more minutes before my daughter came out. "Sorry dad, these just aren't going to work. Nothing seems to fit right."

"Ok. Well, let's go try Macy's then." I said with a sigh.

The two of us headed out of Penny's and down the mall to the Macy's store. I followed her around the racks as she looked at all variety of business suits and skirt suits. After collecting a variety of outfits I again followed her to one of the banks of dressing rooms and found a seat. 

I yawned and leaned back in the chair, settling in for a long wait again. 

"Well, hello again," the lady I had seen in Penny's said as she walked up to the dressing room. 

"Oh, hello." I said shaking the cobwebs from my mind.

"Waiting again?"

"I'm afraid so. Although this should be shorter, she only found four outfits this time." I answered.

"I see. Well, try not to be too bored," she said as she headed into the dressing rooms. 

My daughter came out to admire how one outfit looked and then disappeared back into the dressing room, passing the lady from Penny's on the way. She stepped in front of the multi-way mirror and turned too and fro to view herself. 

I guessed she was nearly the same age as I was. She wasn't bad looking, in fact, in the form fitting red dress she had on at the moment she looked pretty damn hot. The dress fit her round hips and butt like a second skin before it flowed up her body to encase a nice pair of full breasts, the dress dipping down deeply in the front to expose a nice amount of creamy white cleavage.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked conversationally as she turned to and fro in front of the mirror.

"It looks quite becoming," I answered.

"Huh? Oh. I was really talking to myself, but thank you. You think it really looks nice? Be honest now."

"Actually I think it looks very nice on you." I replied looking her up and down as she turned to and fro in front of me instead of the mirror.

"Doesn't make me look fat?"

"Most certainly not," I answered, shaking my head slowly. 

"You're sure?" She asked again, turning so her butt faced me and rubbing her hands up and down the red material over her hips and butt. 

"Trust me. It looks very nice," I said firmly.

"Hmmmm. I'm not so sure," she said as she walked past me again, headed back to the dressing room. 

I waited for a few more minutes and my daughter came out again in a skirt suit which I thought looked quite good on her. Thankfully she agreed before returning to try on another outfit. 

"Well, since you are being such a gentleman, would you care to give me your opinion on this one?" The lady asked again as she came back out in front of the mirror.

The dress was much different than the first. It fit her hips and butt snuggly before spreading into a short flowing skirt. The satiny green material reached up the front of her, encasing her round full breasts before heading up behind her neck. She turned for me, her back essentially bare due to the halter style top, with the exception of the bands and straps of her bra.

"Well, I think it's a wonderful dress," I answered.

"It looks that bad?"

"I didn't say it was bad."

"But it's not good."

"I think it's probably not supposed to have that kind of a bra," I said quietly, almost embarrassed. 

"What? Oh." She said quietly, walking back toward the dressing room. "Don't go away then." 

She disappeared and came back only a minute or so later. "See if this is better."

She stepped in front of me and turned all the way around slowly for me. The bra was most certainly gone, and her breasts were supported by the material of halter, two prominent bumps showing where I would have expected her nipples to be inside the top of the dress. The two wide strips of material that made up the bulk of the top left some of the sides of her breasts exposed in addition to a very deep V of creamy white skin that didn't stop until it was nearly to the bottom of her breasts. To me it looked even better than the red dress.

"Screaming sexy if she had a thong on.," I muttered to myself as she turned around again in front of me, the skirt flying slightly up and out as she made a quick turn around. 

"What was that?" She asked as she came to a stop from her quick turn.

"Huh, nothing. Just said it looked real good."

"That wasn't what it sounded like you said," she said as she stared at me, "And the blush tells me what you said was a bit more racy that that. Sure you don't want to share?"

"No. I think it's probably better if I don't," I mumbled in embarrassment.

"Come on. Tell me! You wouldn't want me to buy this and then find out it looked silly."

"It definitely doesn't look silly," I answered.

"Ok, it doesn't look silly. But I'd still like to know what you said." 

I sighed deeply. "If you insist. I said you'd look killer if you had on a thong under that."

She blushed brightly and held the skirt down against her thighs. "Goodness." She said in almost a giggle. "I don't think anyone has made a comment like that for a very long time. Even if you didn't mean it, it's nice to think someone said it." 

"Oh I meant it," I answered with a shrug. "I think it looks pretty damn sexy. Be a sweet dress to take you out to a club in."

"Really? You think so?"

"Oh yeah. Any guy would be thrilled to go out with you dressed like that."

"Hmmmm really? Maybe I need to look for a few more sexy dresses, since I have such a receptive audience."

"Well, feel free," I said with a smile and a shrug.

"Maybe I will," she said turning toward around in the mirror again. She reached down for the hem of the dress, and looking at herself in the mirror, slowly pulled the dress up higher, exposing more and more of her creamy white thighs. I wondered just how far she would go and was surprised when she continued to pull upwards until the crotch of her white panties were showing. Suddenly blushing red, she pulled the dress back down and smoothed, stepping away from the mirror and heading back into the dressing room without making any eye contact with me.

I was still sitting and wondering thinking about how she looked in that dress when my daughter came back out in a conservative business pants suit. She looked good in it, and it became the second outfit of the day to make it to the keep pile, thank goodness. She returned to the changing room to try the third outfit she had taken in while I once again waited.

"So, what do you think of this?" The woman asked as she walked back out in a navy blue skirt and a cream colored blouse. 

"Very nice," I answered.

"Just nice?"

"Well, if you're looking for a nice outfit to wear to work, it looks just fine."

"But not exactly sexy, is it?"

"Not really." I answered, shaking my head and frowning slightly.

"Well, I appreciate your candid opinion," she said as she stepped in front of the mirror. "I see what you mean though."

"Ok daddy, ready to go?" My daughter asked as she came out of the dressing room area.

"Sure, all done?" I asked hopefully.

"Just here. I think I want to see what Deb has. They always have lots of nice dresses, and then well, we're right across from Victoria's secret!" she said.

"You're not going to make me go in there too, are you?"

"Oh not if you don't want to," she said over her shoulder as she started to walk away. I turned and followed her out with a shrug, looking over my shoulder at the lady I had been talking to. I was surprised to see her watching me walk away, a little smirk on her face that I had no idea what to think of.

I followed my daughter to the checkout and paid for her selections and then out into the mall. She wove her way expertly though the corridors of the mall to end up precisely where she wanted to be, in front of the Deb shop. I followed her into the store and made my way to the one place you could count on finding seats, near the dressing rooms. This store had a row of dressing rooms across the back of the store, each with a louvered door that opened onto the main portion of the sales floor. The only thing that really separated the dressing room area from any other part were the racks of clothes line up twenty or so feet away from them. 

I settled into a seat for what I expected to be another long wait. I was actually kind of sleepy and starting to half doze off when I felt a hand gently touch my shoulder. I startled and looked up to see the smiling face of the lady I had been talking to in the last store, standing next to me. She had a dress over her arm and a tiny little plastic hanger with an extremely skimpy pair of pink thong type underwear.

With a wink she stepped toward the dressing rooms and chose one all the way on the end, one where the door swung open so that it opened toward me. She carefully hung her items in the dressing room and then pulled the door closed, pausing for a moment to ensure that I was in fact looking her direction.

With the door closed I couldn't see anything except for the small gap at the bottom. I watched as the tan slacks she had been wearing pooled onto the floor around her ankles, which she then stepped out of. She slipped off her high heels and stood in her bare feet for several moments before her cream colored blouse landed on the slacks, the satiny material making a smooth looking little pile that was quickly disturbed by a lacy bra plopping unceremoniously on top. My mind was already headed in the wrong direction, trying to imagine what she was looking like mostly...correction, completely naked...as her white panties slipped down her legs. She stepped out of the panties and used her toes to add them to the pile in the corner of her dressing room. 

My already hard dick was straining at my pants and I gave a quick look around before adjusting myself to make the bulge look a bit less conspicuous. 

My attention was quickly diverted while my daughter came out of a different dressing cubicle, looked at the dress she had on in a mirror and then disappeared back into the dressing room. I looked back over toward the dressing room the lady had stepped into and saw it was standing open a crack, almost as if she were waiting for me to focus back toward her.

The door opened and the lady stepped out, the very short snug red dress clinging to her like a second skin. The spandex matched her shape and movements as she stepped in front of the mirror. She turned to and fro, giving both of us ample opportunity to enjoy what it was doing to her body and how it hugged her. She looked around nervously and seeing no one but me in the dressing room area, let her hands roam over her body, cupping first both breasts, giving each a little squeeze before sliding down her stomach to her thighs. She turned to face me, and looking directly at me, slipped the hem of the dress upward, not stopping until the absolutely tiny thong was fully on display. Even the small amount of material covering part of her mound and her pussy didn't expose a single hair, making me immediately wonder if she were completely shaved.

The few seconds she held the skin tight dress up above her pussy seemed like an hour in some ways. My mind burned an image of the tiny pink thong against her creamy white thighs, the tiny pink strings arching up and disappearing under the red spandex as they headed toward her hips. The tiny triangle of material was only a couple inches wide on the top, nearly half way down over her rounded smooth mound. The material was quite thin and appeared sparkly as it narrowed and dove down between her legs, the material pulling snuggly against her rounded outer lips, a small cleft dipping between them tantalizingly.

It took longer for my attention to return from the display to her face than the display was itself, but even then it took my mind several seconds to adjust. The skirt back down in place, she was stepping back into the dressing cubicle, her head looking around to see who else might see before holding a hand out and crooking her finger to invite me to follow. I really didn't know what to do, and in my indecision, I sat stone still, staring at her as she left the door part way open for me to see into. 

Her hands went to the back of her neck, untying the small red string that held up the top of the backless spandex dress. As they came down the held the strings and peeled the spandex down her chest, exposing her bare breasts as the red material rolled down her front. She let go of the strings when the dress had cleared her breasts, both full and round with bright pink puckered areola and hard protruding nipples. I stared at her bare tits, as her hands moved to her hips and slowly worked the material down over them, her hips swaying slightly from side to side as she inched the red material downward. I saw the creamy whiteness of her firm stomach and then her hips, the tiny pink strings of the thong coming into view as the red material continued to move downward.

"Damn!" I muttered as she pushed the material down to where it finally slid down her legs to pool around her bare feet. 

Standing in nothing but the pink thong she reached for the doorknob of the dressing room and held it, motioning again for me to come.

This time I couldn't help myself. I was way too turned on by her exhibition and the lack of any sex for almost a year, that I stood and walked quickly the dozen or so steps to her dressing room door.

She reached out, took my hand and quickly pulled me into the tiny cubicle, closing the door behind us. She held her finger to her lips, motioning me to be silent as she turned me and pushed me to the back of the cubicle. My feet hit the built in bench along the back wall and I sat quickly down, my balance broken by her continued push. 

With me sitting down she stepped back, squatted down and picked up her clothes, hanging the red dress on a hook after standing back up and then stepping toward me again. She squatted down, her knees spread on either side of my legs, providing an even better view of what the pink thong was hiding. She used the slacks and blouse to cover my shoes, making my feet essentially unseen by anyone who might peek under the door, and then stood back up. 

I stared at her in silence as she hooked her fingers in the thong panty and slowly pulled it down, exposing her bare and yes, completely shaved pussy to me in only moments. She lifted one leg and then the other until she was standing completely nude in front of me. She reached out and held the panties for me to sniff, the scent of her arousal strong before she lowered them and dropped them on the bench next to me. 

She stood for a few moments and allowed me to view her completely naked body, from her firm round breasts, down her smooth belly and over her round hips. My attention was mostly drawn to her full round lips the edges of flowery delicate inner lips peeking out from between the smooth shaved skin. She saw where my eyes were riveted and stepped one foot up on the bench next to me. She slipped one hand down over her mound, continuing to slide it down as she curled her fingers between her legs, her middle finger teasing between her pussy lips. One...two...three times she slowly stroked her finger between her lips, dipping it deep between them and then drawing it slowly out across her clit. After her three slow strokes she drew her finger up over her mound again, leaving a glistening trail of her own juices and her pussy spread wide, her inner lips now protruding fully and shining with her aroused juices. 

Moving her foot back to the floor, she stepped to me, her hands reaching for my belt. She quickly undid my belt as well as the snap and zipper of my jeans. She put a hand under my chin and tipped my head up to look at her, pressing a finger to her lips to remind me to be silent as she squatted down in front of me again. Her legs pushed wide spreading her pussy while her hands moved to my hips, pushing and coaxing my pants down. I lifted myself slightly on the bench seat, allowing her to work my jeans and underwear down to my knees, exposing my rock hard cock.

"Nice," she whispered quietly as she wrapped her hands around it and gave it several long slow strokes. With a smile she stood up again and bent over, aiming her mouth for my now exposed cock. 

"Ohhhhh." I breathed quietly as she engulfed my head with her mouth, her tongue swirling around my mushroom head several times before pushing her face lower, taking more and more of me into her hot mouth. Up and down her head went, her lips sliding along my cock and her tongue teasing my shaft and head as she did. I was far to long and fat for her to get all of me into her mouth, so she followed along with her hand, stroking it up and down in time with her mouth, her hand twisting as well. 

I reached out and cupped both of her tits, hanging down and wiggling enticingly from her motions. I grasped each one, letting her nipples stick out between my fingers so I could squeeze them at the same time I squeezed the firm round globes with my palms and fingers. 

I lost track of how long she had been sucking my cock in the small cubicle, but I hadn't lost track of what the sensations were doing to me. I knew that if she kept up what she was doing was going to bring me to a huge climax very soon. She apparently read the motion of my hips trying to push up in time with her strokes for what it was and pulled her lips from my shaft. Standing in front of me again, she held her finger to my lips to keep me quiet as she stepped forward, moving to kneel on the wooden bench, one leg on either side of my hips. 

She moved her finger from my lips and reached for one of my hands, drawing it down between her legs and placing it on her dripping pussy. Once I had started stroking her soft pussy lips she leaned her upper body toward my face, rubbing one of her rock hard nipples back and forth across my lips, her hands pressing on the wall behind me to hold herself at just the right angle. 

I heard her moan softly as I pressed my middle finger up into her tunnel, her tight velvetiness pressing around my finger as I stroked it deeply in and out of her. Her juices seemed to increase with each passing moment, her hips gently rocking in time with my strokes. Her hips rocked more and more urgently as my finger stroked in and out of her, my palm sliding across her mound and exposed clit. I sucked first one nipple and then the other, switching frequently and enjoying the feeling of her hard nipple under my tongue.

"Oh fuck me now!" She whispered urgently, reaching down to pull my hand from between her legs. She grabbed my cock with her hand and aimed it at her pussy, rubbing my head between her wet lips several times before settling her weight on it. I felt her slowly engulf me, her soft hot tunnel slowly gripping around my shaft and head, caressing each inch that she took into herself almost as snuggly as the red dress had encased her trim body.
