 He watched her giant round breasts jiggling as his blonde bimbo walked over to his lap. She was so perfect, so angelic with her petite body and white-blonde hair. If he had to guess her weight, he'd say she weighed around 90lbs; she was the very definition of tits on a stick and he wanted her. Oh how he wanted her. His cock was aching in his pants at the sight of her. What man wouldn't want a tiny blonde Barbie with huge beachball titties bouncing on his dick?

John was a 38 year old high profile corporate lawyer whose yearly income measured in the high six figures. He had the good fortune of meeting 18 year old Cassie through her mother, two months ago. John had been married for ten years to his athletic brunette wife, Amanda who was now very pregnant with their first child. A boy. Her belly was huge and swollen and she hadn't let him fuck her in months citing her pregnant state and discomfort. John smiled and was the supportive caring husband.

He met Cassie's mother, Bunny at the country club they both belonged to on a leisurely day of golf while his wife was at home online shopping for baby accessories. Bunny was the typical suburban rich bitch in her designer dresses and perfectly groomed platinum hair. The 33 year old mother had scored big, snaring one of the most wealthy men in the tristate area when he impregnated her. However, Bunny was bored and her husband was away most of the month. And thus, a sexually deprived John and a bored trophy wife began a sexual relationship that benefitted both.

John had been stuffing his dick in Bunny's tight pussy for a few weeks before running into her big breasted daughter. Bunny's breasts were fake and well done, 36DDD's but Cassie's...oh sweet Cassie's breasts were 32F cups. Cassie was skinny as a rail with impossibly gigantic round tits jutting off her tiny frame. John had just finished depositing a huge load of cum in her mother and was getting a drink of water alone in the kitchen when Cassie had glided in. Despite just having expended himself, John's boxer briefs instantly tightened and he couldn't help but let out a low groan. 

Cassie was ready for her senior year of high school to be over and to be away from her bitch of a mother; they butted heads over just about everything and Cassie needed to get away. Her mother made her miserable and was constantly trying to keep Cassie from doing what she wanted, when she wanted. So when Cassie came upon John in his underwear, standing in her kitchen, she put two and two together and realized that this well muscled god of a man was fucking her mother. A wicked smile crossed her face and she strode up to the 6'5" man, her 4'11" frame dwarfed by him. 

Cassie was wearing cute little pink panties and the tiniest of pink tube tops. She was braless and her gigantic teenage breasts jiggled and swayed in front of the 38 year old married man. "What're you having?" she asked as she rubbed her jutting chest on John's arm.

"Uh, j..j..just a water," he finally managed to get out, his voice hoarse.

"I see my mom has good taste." Cassie moved closer, her fingers lightly trailing over his chest, moving ever slowly downward. "But why would you want to keep going with an older model when you can have the younger, fresher, tighter model any way you'd prefer?" She stopped when she reached his waistband, looked up into his eyes and saw longing. When he didn't stop her, her face broke out into a radiant broad smile and she let her hand wander down to John's engorged penis. Her panties were immediately soaked when she felt how huge he'd grown from her touch.

"Cassie...I'm seeing your mother. And...and...well, I'm married besides that. I know; that makes me shit. But you absolutely can't be doing this," John stammered out. He tried to push her impossibly small hand away from his throbbing dick but she grabbed on.

"I don't know what kind of body your wife has but I know mine is 100% better than my mother's with her stretch marks and small tits. Sure, some men may consider hers to be big but mine are bigger, rounder, and perkier." She lowered the scrap of fabric that was her top and her enormous balloon tits flopped out. Something inside John snapped, perhaps a switch that was waiting to be flipped. As he stared at this high school girl's chest, he knew two things. 1) This young petite blonde thing was a whore of the highest order and 2) He had to have her, had to make her his. He would own her, not in the BDSM sense but in the sense that her body would be his; he would make her want to pleasure him with her obscene body whenever and wherever he had a whim. She would be desperate to be filled with his cock and his cock only. His sperm. She would end up begging and crying for him, eager for each next time that she could mate with the married man that had fucked her mom.

Cassie watched a plethora of emotions cross John's face and picked out lust and possessiveness. She inwardly congratulated herself. She would be the only woman that would fuck his huge fat penis from here on out; she was going to steal him from her mother. 

Cassie took John's hand and placed it on one of her giant round titties. He instinctively squeezed it and in a rush of passion and lust, covered her mouth with his. John had to have this young tiny big tittied bimbo; his cock could not take being apart from her for long. He pawed her young breasts and pulled his underwear down to his ankles. He could not wait any longer and in a primal lust-fuelled frenzy, tore off Cassie's little lace panties. He lined his swollen penis up with her hairless pussy and thrust it inside her in one swift motion. He shoved it up her as far as he could and gasped as the tiniest pussy he'd ever fucked squeezed and milked his married dick. The gorgeous little blonde thing in his arms cried out and put her arms around his neck. He picked her tiny body up with his hands under her cute little ass and she hung closely onto him as he supported her weight during their coupling. 

John wasn't thinking of the woman upstairs, the mother of the teenage slut on his dick, or of his pregnant wife waiting for him at home. All thoughts were consumed by his need to plant his seed in this perfect tan skinny blonde teenager with huge round beachball titties. He bent his head down to suck on them greedily. They were his. She was his. His angel. His whore. 

Neither the big tittied teenager nor the cheating married man heard Bunny descend the stairs and enter the kitchen; the two too consumed in their mating. Bunny gasped as she saw the sight before her. He was hers, damnit! She had perfectly done her makeup every day she went to the country club and shown off her fake tits to ensnare him! She had sucked on him almost every day since they met! Bunny was furious. "Get off of him you little prostitute!" she yelled as she tried to pull her slut of a daughter off of John's penis. Bunny screamed as she saw John's fat dick plunging in and out of Cassie's pussy, not stopping. His eyes were clouded and he could not stop his need. Bunny was crying now in frustration, seeing that she was losing this muscled god to her barely legal teenage daughter. Bunny tried to literally lift Cassie up off of John's cock. Cassie squealed. 

John's arms tightened around his new perfect babygirl. Nothing would keep him from her tight young pussy, skinny little body, and huge round jutting breasts. "Get away from her!" he growled to Bunny. "She's my angel...oh god..." 

John was so aroused at the thought of fucking the big breasted teenager in his arms while her mother tried to tear them apart, John's semen still dripping down Bunny's legs, that he blasted Cassie's pussy with the biggest load of sperm he had ever had in his 38 years. The young teenager spasmed in ecstasy at receiving his seed; she had successfully stolen this man from her mother and made him lose all thoughts of his wife. Cassie kept her skinny arms and legs around John and whispered, "Please don't let me go."

John's cock twitched at the words of his blonde angel. He announced that he was taking her to live with him at his house and since she was 18, her mom couldn't do anything to stop it. Cassie watched Bunny's face crumple at the rejection and humiliation. "But why?" Bunny whispered almost to herself. 

John heard and answered as if it was obvious. "Cassie is younger than you. Her breasts are the biggest I've ever seen and her body is so tiny I can pick her up and toss her around. She's more flexible than you and her pussy milks my dick like only an 18 year old pussy can." Cassie threw a triumphant smile at her mother, while impaled on John's still rigid penis. He walked them both out of the house to his car. "Don't worry, princess," he whispered to her. "I'll buy you all new clothes and you can live with me now. I'd prefer you every night in my bed; my wife can sleep in the guest bedroom or live without the comforts that my job affords her. She won't argue. But I'll be sure to make sure that it's established that you're my special little baby; the only girl who will bounce on my dick now." 

John kissed her on the forehead, placed her in the passenger seat and drove them to his house, his cock already hard again at the thought of bringing his big tittied teenage whore home to replace his pregnant wife.