 Eric loved his wife. She was a good mother to their two young children and a perfect homemaker. There was just one problem. A few years after their last child was born, she simply lost interest in sex. It was caused by a health issue and medications that essentially zapped her libido. The couple discussed it openly and sought medical advice, but to no avail. She did not see the situation as problematic, but Eric was frustrated. Nevertheless, he resolved to accept that which he could not control, and resigned himself to celibacy. 

Until one night that is, when he was at a happy hour after work with some colleagues. Dressed in a gray suit, white shirt, and dark blue tie, the dapper young finance professional with tussled brown hair noticed several women glance his way. Always a faithful husband, Eric resisted the temptation to flirt. The evening started getting late, and as he was walking to his car to leave, somehow he found himself engaged in a conversation with a young, full-figured black girl. Sondra was in her early 20s, he was in his early 30s. The next thing he knew, he was walking her to her car with his arm around her. Before she left, she gave him her phone number and a deep, slow kiss. 

They met for lunch a few days later. No kissing. Just a professional type setting. Sondra told Eric that she was moving to another city about 300 miles away for grad school in a few days, so he presumed he'd never see her again. 

A month or two after Sondra moved, Eric was scheduled to make a business trip to her town. He called her a few days before the trip and asked her if she would be free for dinner. She enthusiastically said yes. She liked the attention of an older man in nice suits. And he was now very much looking forward to his trip!

They met in the lobby of Eric's hotel and walked to a seafood restaurant just a few minutes away. Neither of them knew what to expect that evening. Although they had stolen a kiss the night they met, the lunch that followed was purely social. And two months or more had passed. 

They immediately felt comfortable with each other as they walked to the restaurant though. The conversation was animated and fun over wine and a nice meal.

Slightly buzzed and thoroughly enamored with Sandra's voluptuous figure, Eric escorted her back to his hotel where her car was parked. He wanted to fuck her so badly, but wasn't sure if she felt the same way. With a slight degree of trepidation, when they got to the lobby, Eric asked Sondra if she'd like to join him in his room for a drink. There was no hesitation in her reply. With a gleam in her eye, his buxom young dinner companion made it clear she was all in.

He took a bottle of wine for her and a beer for him out of the mini bar while she propped up on the bed. He then sat beside her and they opened their drinks. Eric's heart was fluttering. He wasn't sure if or how to make a move, so he just put his arm around her. Sondra welcomed the touch and snuggled closer to him. With that, he leaned over and kissed her full, eager lips. Sondra then grabbed Eric, pulled him closer to her, and their hungry tongues met. Eric could feel her warmth and his cock was swelling. 

"This is what I've been waiting for" Sondra said as Eric began unbuttoning her blouse.

Her breasts were massive, with dark nipples surrounded by wide areola. Eric had never been with a black woman and was entranced with her smooth chocolate skin, wide hips, and thick thighs. They quickly peeled their clothes off and pulled the sheets back. To Eric's surprise, Sondra crawled on top of him with the full weight of her huge body.

Her aggression startled him. She clearly wanted to be in control, and he happily let her.

There was no reason to resist. Sondra's saggy, heavy breasts were dangling before Erics face, and she was kissing him with sweet, unbridled affection. "I'll roll with this any time" he thought to himself. 

Sondra angled herself in position to take Eric's erect cock inside her, and oh how wet she was! It had been ages since Eric had fucked a woman and he found it impossible to delay an ejaculation. Within a minute, he was squirting cum deep inside her as she felt the powerful contractions of his cock. Eric finished her with deft fingers, aroused by Sondra's uncontrollable moans of pleasure. 

They fucked all night many times, as both had been starved for sexual gratification for a long time. Eric gained control of himself after the initial premature ejaculation and they enjoyed prolonged intimacy in several positions. Their pent up urges finally were being released. 

Sondra left the room early the next morning, after giving Eric a parting kiss while he lay in bed, glowing and exhausted. 

He was pretty much useless in his business meetings that day, but it didn't matter. The long night of fucking had left him feeling euphoric. 

The saw each other one more time when Eric had another business trip to Sondra's area, but after that they eventually lost touch. A job transfer took Eric across the country, 2,000 miles from Sondra, adding to the challenge. This was before the internet, when reconnecting with old flames was harder than it is today. 

Eric never shared this experience with anyone. He harbored the secret with feelings of guilt. A married man. Cheating. Younger woman. Interracial affair. All of which would shock anyone who ever knew him if they ever learned of this morally illicit affair.

While the experience satisfied him temporarily, in the longer run it increased his desire for more like it. And more adventures indeed materialized as time went on.