 Vicki Jackson woke up Sunday morning alone in bed. She quickly realized that it wasn't her bed and she wasn't in her bedroom. A quick look around and she knew she wasn't in her home either. The realization set in and she gradually recalled the events of the night before. A feeling of constipation was an unpleasant reminder that she had lost her anal virginity. She pulled the bed covers up over her naked body and lay back replaying her lewd behavior with Walt, Keith and oh yes, her trusted friend Trudy.

"Where was Trudy? Was she still there? Had she slept with Keith? Had she slept with Walt in his bed?" the questions raced through her mind.

Almost afraid to move she remained in the strange bed and replayed every detail of her debauchery the previous night. It had all begun with her husband John and Trudy's husband Roger leaving town for the weekend to participate in a bowling tournament. It was Trudy's idea to use the pool at Walt and Keith's house since it was such a blistering hot day. Vicki had agreed although reluctantly and Trudy called them to set it up. 

They spent the afternoon poolside sunning, taking frequent dips in the pool and occasionally sitting in the shade. The guys whipped up frozen drinks, vodka and pina colada slushes. Vicki was sure that the alcohol had gone to her head and dulled her senses. In the evening, they moved inside and Walt called out for pizza. It was after they ate that things got wild. 

MEET THE NEIGHBORS

Walt was a 35-year-old chick magnet. He stood at 6'2" tall and weighed a fit 190 pounds. He worked out at his in-home gym all the time and he was an avid tennis player, alpine skier and SCUBA diver. He got divorced two years ago, because of his lifestyle. He should have never gotten married in the first place but at least there were no children involved. He opted to keep the house because he liked the neighborhood and it was a good setup with the pool, hot tub and in-home gym.

Keith 39, had moved in with Walt a year earlier after he too got divorced. They had been good friends and tennis doubles partners for a couple of years. Keith was 5'10" and weighed a fit 160 pounds. He too was a skier and diver and the two of them traveled to the Rockies and Caribbean frequently. His divorce came as no surprise as his former wife was a bitch and everyone hated her. They had sold the house and Sue moved away and Keith moved in with Walt

Trudy was a cute brunette with hair down to her shoulders. At 28 years of age she was a partier even though she was married to Roger for six years. Roger was 42 years old and not in the best shape but not obese either. She had a lovely figure 34-28-34 and looked great in a bikini. Unbeknown to the neighbors, Trudy had hooked up with Walt a few times and she loved his impressive cock. Her husband had a small pecker but she never talked about it. Once she had experienced Walt as a lover she looked forward to more encounter as she loved the way he filled her womb.

Vicki was a striking slender blonde with long silky hair. She was 29 years old and like Trudy had married an older man. John was 43 years old and these days seemingly more interested in bowling and gold than in his wife. She had been to Walt's pool a few times and her 34-26-35 figure did not go unnoticed in her hot bikini. Of course, those times the husbands were present also and Walt and Keith had girls over as well. Since her marriage, Vicki had been unfaithful on two occasions and both times on vacation in Aruba. John had gone deep sea fishing and she was seduced by a handsome stranger who had an impressive cock. Just like Trudy, she too had been pleasured with a member larger than her husband's.

A DAY AND NIGHT OF DEBAUCHERY

That Saturday started out civilly as both women enjoyed being by the pool and the company of the guys. Walt and Keith both had great personalities and it was fun to be with them. The women had arrived wearing their bikini under shorts and tees. Once pool side the shorts and tees came off and their lovely bodies were displayed in the hot bikinis. Trudy wore a light blue one that barely covered her firm breast and curvy bottom. Vicki had also worn a string bikini that was hot pink. Their curves had the guy's attention. 

The afternoon in the hot sun began with everyone sitting in lounge chairs sipping a frozen drink. After nearly 30 minutes they all took a dip in the pool to cool off. Whether by accident or on purpose, Walt's hand grazed over Vicki's curvy bottom. Minutes later Vicki and Keith exited the pool leaving Turdy and Walt. Vicki noticed that Walt leaned over and whispered in Trudy's ear but what she didn't see was his hand under the water make its way inside the bikini bottom. He dipped his finger in the brunette's pussy causing her to giggle and wiggle. Then they both came out of the pool.

Trudy arranged the lounge and lay face down and Vicki followed suit. They untied their bra strings so as not to have a tan line across their backs. Walt whispered to Keith to put sun block on Trudy. The two guys moved to the lounges with the lotion in their hands. "We don't want you girls to burn in this hot sun," Walt announced. The guys then began to apply the lotion to the women's backs.

Starting with the neck and shoulders they covered the entire naked backs with sun block and rubbed it in making it seem more like a massage. Bothe women had their arms crossed in front of them with their heads resting on their hands. Vicki felt Walt's hands move to her sides and come dangerously close to her breasts. Then they did gaze the sides of her breasts and Vicki reacted by pulling her arms down to her sides blocking the path to her bosom. She looked over at Trudy who had propped herself up allowing Keith to fondle her firm titties. Vicki quickly looked the other way.

"I'll do your legs now," Walt told her.

"No, that's okay, I can do them."

"Nonsense, relax and lay there, I'll do them for you."

Not taking no for an answer he applied the sunblock to Vicki's lovely shapely legs. Looking over at his roommate he saw that Keith was working Trudy's legs. Vicki was tense and nervous as the strong hands worked over her legs. She had to admit they did feel good massaging her calves and the back of her thighs. She had begun to relax when the hands moved between her thighs and rubbed close to her bottom and pubes. Then there was a slight touch that barely caressed her pussy and she flinched. 

Hearing Trudy moan softly, she turned her head to look at her friend. Keith had both hands under Trudy's bikini bottom massing her curvy ass. She paWalted and prayed that Walt wouldn't attempt that with her. Vicki was relieved when she heard him speak.

"There that should keep you from getting sunburned."

"Thanks!" she managed to say in a shaky voice.

She turned her head to look at Walt and as he stood up the outline of his erection was prominently displayed in his snug Speedo swimsuit. She could not help but stare at it briefly before turning away. A quick flash back to the well-endowed man who seduced her in Aruba came to mind. However, she was sure that Walt was bigger than her one-time lover. 

Keith and Walt then left the two beauties and cooled off in the pool. They were both sporting erections when they entered but not minutes later when they exited the water. The guys went inside to make another batch of drinks and Vicki used that opportunity to tie her bikini bra string and sit up. Trudy sat up too but she purposely let her bikini bra fall away from her firm shapely breasts. Then she picked it up and put it back on, smiling at Vicki as she tied the string.

The guys returned with more frozen drinks and they chatted some more. Vicki felt the alcohol go to her head and she moved her lounge out of the sun. Evening was approaching and Walt said he would call out for pizza. They picked up everything from the pool deck and moved inside. The women changed into their tees and shorts and Trudy put the bikinis in the dryer. They were both naked under the shorts and tees. The guys had put on shorts and tees also going commando.

Later after they had eaten, they cleaned up the kitchen and moved into the family room. Walt put some music on as Trudy and Keith sat together in the love seat. Trudy was seated on the sofa when Walt came over and sat right next to her. Their bare legs touched and Vicki was nervous. Was he going to come onto to her? How would she respond? She looked over at Trudy and saw that she was already kissing Keith and his hands were under her tee shirt.

Vicki was shocked to see her friend behaving like that and she went to speak but Walt covered her mouth with his. A thick tongue filled her mouth and took her breath away. When they broke the kiss, she noticed that Keith and Trudy had left the family room. She was breathing hard and her breasts were moving under the tee shirt. Her nipples were rock hard and pushing the material outward. Walt stood up and held out his hand to her.

"Come with me Vicki."

As if under a hypnotic spell, she took his hand and followed him as he led her upstairs. She wanted to break away and run back down the stairs and out of the house. Why couldn't she? What was keeping her there? They entered a room that was dimly lit but there was enough light to see that it was a bedroom. Walt's hand caressed her bare arm sending shivers through her. Her pussy was wet and hot with desire. She again thought back to that time in Aruba. When her eyes adjusted to the dimly lit room she saw the other couple in the room. They were naked and Trudy was kneeling on the bed and Keith was fucking her from behind. She watched as Keith thrust into her causing Trudy to moan aloud.

Vicki tried to leave but Walt held her firmly and spoke softly. "Relax Vicki, it's not like they are doing anything that we won't be doing."

Walt closed the door behind them and she turned back toward the couple on the bed. Before she could utter another sound, Walt turned her toward him and kissed her again. Her lips instinctively opened and his tongue found hers. He held her tighter as their kisses became more urgent and her body was shaking. He took her hand and pushed it down over his crotch so she could feel his hardness. He felt huge and Vicki suddenly had the desire to hold his cock in her hand. Her heart was pounding and her pussy lips were swollen.

Walt sensing her submission pushed her to her knees. Vicki stared in anticipation as he peeled of his tee shirt and let his shorts drop to his ankles. His huge cock leaped out and bobbed in front of her face. He brought his hard cock to her face and it entered her mouth. Vicki sucked him in deeply at least as deep as she could without gagging.

"That's it Vicki suck my cock. I knew you would be a good cock sucker. I bet John loves it when you suck him until he cums in your sweet mouth," he said softly.

She sensed he was close to cumming but then he pulled out and maneuvered her onto the bed where Trudy and Keith had fucked earlier. She continued to suck Walt's cock and then she licked his balls and ran her tongue over his perineum. He moaned loudly and just then she felt someone's hands on her shorts. She wondered if it was Keith getting ready to fuck her. 

"Take her shorts off, Trudy," Walt directed.

Vicki had her answer as to whose hands were on her legs and shorts. Trudy pulled the shorts off and Vicki know that she found them wet with the odor of sex. Suddenly Walt grabbed the back of her head and ejaculated into her mouth. The hot jets of cum flooded her mouth and covered her hand which she licked clean. Trudy took the tee and it was removed from Vicki's body. Totally naked now, Walt lifted her up onto the bed and moved between her legs. She was so aroused and so much in need of a cock in her pussy. She spread her legs for him and he entered her with one deep stroke. 

She came as he penetrated her wet pussy and her cunt contracted around his big thick shaft. Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her body and then she screamed loudly as an orgasm of massive proportion ripped through her. She wrapped her legs around Walt's torso as he pounded her with rapid movements in and out of her dripping wet pussy. She knew that she would cum again before he did.

Her eyes were closed as she rode into heaven on the big dick then she felt lips cover hers. Vicki knew they were not Walt's lips so she opened her eyes to see Trudy kissing her. Trudy's soft warm hands moved to Vicki's breasts and she pulled on the hardening nipples as soft wet kisses caressed her mouth. Walt suddenly thrust into her and his cock pulsated as it filled her womb with his seed in an ejaculation that was long and deep.

He pulled out of her and moved to her head with his softening cock before her. He stroked her silky blond hair as Trudy moved to her cunt. Vicki's legs were still spread wide from the vigorous fucking and Trudy had easy access to her pussy. Trudy's hands caressed Vicki's hip and belly as the tongue wormed its way into her vagina. She found the seed that she desired to taste and suck from the swollen pussy. Vicki couldn't control her body and her hips rocked back and forth as if she could cum again. Trudy kept her active tongue against the clit while her hands caressed the curvy ass and her fingers danced over the virgin nether hole.

Walt laughed at Vicki when she stretched her neck and tried to reach his cock with her mouth, "Trudy, roll her over. We need to get her ass ready to be fucked."

Trudy left the pussy to roll Vicki over on her belly and she complied as if she was still under some type of spell. Trudy's long brown hair caressed the naked skin as her tongue and kisses moved down the small of the back to the crack of Vicki's ass and settled there. The tip of her tongue quickly located the anus which she rimmed and teased before penetrating it. Trudy would run her tongue the length from Vicki's clit to her anus and probe it each time. It was as if she was lubricating her tongue with the juices from Vicki's pussy.

Vicki's head had been hanging down but she raised it to cry out when Trudy drove her tongue deep into the nether hole. She saw Keith standing before her with his erect cock standing out from his pubic hair. Without any hesitation, she opened her mouth tasting him as well as Trudy's juices still present on his cock. 

As she sucked him deep she heard Walt say, "Get him hard and wet Vicki so he can fuck your sweet cute ass. You want to be fucked in the ass, don't you?"

She would have thought that her husband, if anyone, would be the one to take her virgin ass but now she knew that he would not be the first. She was out of control and she would be giving up her ass to her neighbor but she felt that she needed a cock in there more than ever. Her reaction was to push her ass back to receive Trudy's hot tongue.

What a sight she presented with her hips arched in the air to receive Trudy's tongue in her ass while she sucked her neighbor's cock deep into her mouth. Keith then pulled his wet cock from her mouth and moved behind her as Trudy made one final plunge with the tongue into her anus. Her head hung low as she waited for the inevitable anal deflowering as she sensed Keith's presence kneeling behind her.

She felt Trudy's tongue again and she looked between her legs at her friend. Trudy alternated between licking Vicki's anus and sucking her lover's cock. Vicki watched as Trudy guided his wet hard cock toward the curvy ass and then she felt him at the entrance. Trudy held him as he inched into Vicki who held her breath as he slowly entered her. Keith was not as large as Walt but he felt so big. She had no idea how much cock he had in her rectum. Trudy moved under and licked her pussy as Keith's cock sank ever so slowly into her ass.

Vicki didn't think that it was possible to cum again but cum she did as Trudy licked her clit and Keith thrust into her ass. He must have been all the way in because he began thrusting harder and faster. Her ass had loosened up to receive him and she screamed aloud as a massive orgasm rocked her body and she flooded Trudy's face. Walt had moved in front again and brought his cock back to her mouth. She sucked his big cock while he watched her virgin ass being fucked. 

The intensity of her orgasm caused her ass to tighten around the rigid cock bringing Keith to his orgasm. He held her hips as he ejaculated into her bowels. She felt his cock shooting stream after stream into her as his cock pulsated and filled her rectum. Keith also cried out and announced that he was cumming. Vicki was spent and she collapsed on the bed thinking that her ordeal was over. All she could think of was, what if John could see her now with cum dripping from her ass and pussy, not to mention the seed in her belly. Seemingly alone she rested for a few minutes before she realized that someone else had joined her on the bed.

Walt was back beside her stroking her hair and he spoke softly again, "Oh my beautiful Vicki, who would have guessed you to be such a good fuck. Does John know this side of you, what a slut you are?"

He continued stroking her hair and his hand moved toward her pussy. His long thick fingers entered her and he diddled her clit with his thumb. She responded by pushing her hips up to receive his fingers and her mouth searched for his cock again.

"Ah Vicki, I can see that you still need more. The way your pussy is clenching my fingers, am I right?" he asked.

Her hips thrust against his hand and she realized that he was right. She did need more and she desperately wanted a cock in her pussy. She could not believe her own voice when she said, "Yes, I need a hard cock in me, please someone fuck me."

Keith freed his cock from Trudy's mouth and he hovered over Vicki. He paused between her legs and grinned at her as he positioned his cock at the entrance to her cunt. He grunted as he thrust into her over and over as she seemed to have a continuous string of orgasms. Vicki didn't think that she would ever stop cumming. She was delirious from her climax but she faintly heard Walt's voice.

"Roll her over Keith."

Keith rolled to his back keeping his cock buried in my cunt and then he spoke to me. She loved his cock filling her and she needed so badly to keep cumming. She started to ride his cock in front of Walt and Trudy. It was just pure fucking for Vicki in front of her neighbors. 

Walt could not resist mentioning her husband John again. "I wish John was here to see what a little slut you are."

With that comment, Walt moved behind her and positioned his rock-hard cock at the entrance to her recently fucked ass. He eased into her and it was obvious that he was using some type of lubricant. Vicki's ass opened up and he entered her with some resistance and commenced fucking her. She was glad that Keith had taken her ass first with his smaller cock. It did not take long for Walt and Keith to establish a rhythm and they matched her pelvic movements. She had never been so full and she felt like a shameless slut being used for their pleasure. Yet she started to cum again and screamed loudly for everyone to hear that she was cumming. 

Her body went into convulsions and then she felt both of them cum in her filling both her ass and pussy again. Keith came first and added to the seed in my womb and she could not remember ever having that much sperm in her. Walt filled her rectum and both men remained still as if they were savoring the pillage of her body. Walt moved off of her and she felt the cool air of the room caress her dilated anus. Then Keith rolled them to the side and her cunt felt the void when his cock left me.

The three of them left the room leaving Vicki in the bed. They went down to the family room still naked and had a drink together. That night Trudy would sleep with Walt and Keith would sleep in his own bed. Vicki was exhausted, sore and sexually sated. She dozed off quickly and slept soundly. She had no idea what tomorrow would bring not that she cared at the moment.
