 Seth stepped to the railing and watched the busy street below. There were people dancing, people singing and a lot of sexuality everywhere. Earlier in the afternoon Seth and his girlfriend had broken up and she had left for home. Suddenly he wasn’t sure if this is where he wanted to be, but he had always wanted to come to Mardi Gras. He leaned on the rail and sipped a beer.

There was so much color and life down on the street. A man on stilts walked by with a mask on that had an enormous nose, which Seth laughed about and shook his head. Then he noticed a girl on the street that caught his eye, she was sitting on the curb watching and laughing at all the pandemonium. Something just captivated him. He spent the next half an hour watching her. She had short dark hair and a dark complexion, but her smile was the most beautiful thing.

Seth decided to walk down to the street for a better look. As he walked out on the street he looked for her and she was gone. He walked up the street a bit and then back down, but she was nowhere to be found. Disheartened he leaned on a pole and watched the passersby. Now he wished he had stayed up on the balcony and watched so he could of seen where she had gone.

“What were you looking at?” Came a very sexy female voice from behind him.

Turning he saw the girl he was watching standing in a doorway behind him.

“Well…you.”

“I know that silly…but what kept you there for so long…I saw you watching me.”

“I’m sorry…I couldn’t help it.”

“I enjoyed it,” her eyes twinkled as she spoke.

He felt his face flush as she looked into his eyes.

“You looked so sad when you walked out on the balcony…what made you look so sad in such a happy place?”

Seth shook his head, “it’s a long, long story.”

“You wanna talk about it?”

“I don’t even know your name.”

She laughed and said, “Martina…but my friends call me Marti.”

“Seth….nice to meet ya.” Marti walked over and put her arm in his.

“Come on we can find a nice quiet place to talk for a while.”

The two walked down the main street for about a block, watching all the people and making small talk. They spotted a small coffee shop and decided to go in. After they sat down and ordered some coffee, Marti turned to Seth.

“Ok…what happened that was so bad?”

“Not much of a story…me and my girlfriend got here yesterday…” as he said “girlfriend” Marti’s eyes got big, “we had a fight last night and broke up…it was a really nasty fight…soooo…she went home a couple of hours ago.”

“I’m sorry Seth…but look at it this way…. you are a very good looking guy…. and there are so many other women out there.”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right…it just kinda got me down a little.”

“I understand…but this is Mardi Gras and you’re supposed to have fun here…so I will take it upon myself to make sure you do.”

“Marti..You don’t have to do that.”

“I know…but I feel it’s my duty,” with this she grinned.

“Alright, what do you propose we do then?”

“Well…first I think we should get to know each other and then we’ll go from there.”

“Sounds good to me.”

“So…where are ya from?”

“Atlanta…Georgia boy, born and bred.”

“You’re kidding right?”

“No…why?”

“I’m from Forest Park…just outside of Atlanta, that is so odd.”

“Wow, what are the chances of that,” Seth said with a smile.

They talked for a while longer and Seth learned that Marti had just turned 22 and was taking a break from college. She loved the Atlanta Braves, which endeared her to him. Seth had been a Braves fan for as long as he knew what baseball was. After they talked they decided to go to a club for a drink and some dancing. 

The inside of the club was busy and there were a lot of drunken people having fun, so the two of them found a table in a corner to sit. They ordered drinks; Seth got a beer and Marti order a white wine spritzer. All of a sudden Marti got up and grabbed Seth’s hand, with a twinkle in her eyes she pulled him out on the dance floor.

They danced for hours and drank until they were both very buzzed. When they finally decided to leave they were both laughing and Seth felt much better. They decided to go to Seth’s room since it was closer. On the walk to the room, Marti reached over and grabbed Seth’s hand and held it the whole way. 

“It has been so fun here with you tonight Seth.”

“I’ve had fun too…and thank you…. I feel better.”

She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, “you are very welcome.”

They walked up the steps to his room and went in. Seth got Marti a beer and got one for him. He walked into the living room and found her leaning on the balcony rail exactly where he had watched her earlier. There was loud music playing outside, it was kind of salsa type music. Seth walked outside and leaned on the rail, then handed the beer to Marti. 

“The atmosphere is intoxicating…don’t ya think?” Marti closed her eyes as she spoke.

“Yeah, it is.”

Marti set her beer down and turned to Seth. She took his hand and turned him to her. She then stepped up to him and leaned against him. She looked into his eyes and then closed hers, and began moving her hips back and forth to the beat of the music on the street. Seth started moving with her, all of a sudden feeling a strong need to hold her close and not let her go. She then turned around and leaned back against him with all of her body making contact with his. Seth leaned down and kissed her on the side of her neck. Marti leaned her head to the side to let him have better access. 

“God, that feels good…”

Seth slid his hands under her shirt and onto her stomach. Marti put her hands on the sides of his thighs and squeezed gently. Seth looked down her body, down the abundant swell of her breasts to her ever so slight pooch. Both of them stayed just like that for what seemed like forever, swaying together. Suddenly Marti turned around and kissed Seth passionately. Her little tongue darted into his mouth and found his. Marti then broke the kiss and took Seth’s hand and walked him into the room and to the bedroom.

“Make love to me Seth,” she whispered up to him.

Marti sat down on the bed and grabbed the front of Seth’s pants to pull him down with her. Seth let her pull him down on top of her. She then found his mouth again and kissed him deeply, running her fingers through his hair. Seth slid his hand under her shirt again and lightly rubbed her stomach. Marti shivered at his touch and moaned slightly. She then slid one hand under the back of Seth’s shirt and massaged the muscles in his back. Seth then broke the kiss and brushed his lips against her ear and down the line her jaw, drawing another moan from her. Seth slid down her body and pushed her shirt up, he then kissed her stomach and watched the goose bumps run up her skin. Marti reached down and pulled Seth’s shirt up over his head and tossed it to the floor. Seth in turn pushed Marti’s shirt up and helped her out of it. Her lacy white bra contrasted against her golden skin and her large full breasts made Seth sigh a bit. He looked up into her eyes and smiled.

“You are so gorgeous Marti.”

“The look in your eyes makes me feel like a goddess.”

Seth felt a slight blush and kissed her deeply and with unrestrained passion. He slid his hand up her stomach and gently caressed her soft full breast. Seth immediately felt her nipple harden under his touch. A moan escaped from Marti. She then raised herself slightly so he could have access to the clasp on her bra. Seth unfastened her bra and slowly slid her bra away. Her nipples were a fairly big and brown. Seth then leaned down and took one into his mouth gently sucking and rolling his tongue around it drawing louder moans of pleasure from Marti. He then shifted his attention to the other nipple sucking and nibbling gently. Marti ran her fingers through his hair while he teased her nipples. Seth then unfastened Marti’s tight jeans and broke his hold on her nipple so he could pull the jeans off. He found that Marti wasn’t wearing anything underneath, she was also clean-shaven. Seth noticed she had a fairly large tattoo of a dragon on her hip; he traced it with his finger. 

“I got that for my 18th birthday,” Marti told him breathlessly.

“I’ve always thought that woman with tattoos were very sexy.”

Seth leaned back down and kissed her bare mound, causing Marti to arch her back. He gently nudged her flawless legs apart and kissed her already wet lips. Marti moaned very loudly. Seth then teasingly took the tip of his tongue and slipped it just barely between those soaked lips. She trembled at this contact and grabbed a hold of the sheets on the bed. All of a sudden Seth took her now hard clit into his mouth and sucked, causing her to grab hold of his hair and pull him tight against her pussy. Seth then gently pushed one finger into her very tight, very wet crevice. Marti ground against him and wrapped her legs around his head. Seth pulled his finger out of her and began to lap at the ample amount of honey seeping out of that tight, bare slit. He moved his attention back up to her clitty and began the assault again. Seth felt her legs start to tense and her back begin to arch, he sucked harder and then slid a finger into her incredible ass causing her to come hard and scream. He kept sucking until after a minute or so she relaxed her body and panted. 

“You….have….an….amaaazing mouth,” she managed to pant out a minute later.

“You taste fantastic, I could do that all night.”

Marti grinned at him and told him to stand up. He stood and she slid around and let her legs fall on either side of his, she unbuttoned his jeans and slipped them down his slender hips and muscular thighs. Seth’s cock sprang free. Marti helped him out of the legs of his jeans and pitched them off to the side. She then lightly traced a path up his leg with her fingernails to his hairy sac and gripped his cock gently. Marti lightly stroked his wide dick a few times and then all of a sudden took his full length into her mouth. Seth felt like screaming but all he let out was a loud groan. The feeling of her hot wet mouth on his hard shaft was fantastic. She ever so slowly began to move her mouth up and down his steely cock while sucking gently and playing with his heavy balls. She reached around and grabbed two handfuls of his ass and tried to pull more of him into her mouth. Seth nearly blew his loud right then as she began to growl deep in her throat sending vibrations up his sensitive prick and making him moan her name. Marti then started sucking him faster and harder, while he met her with hip thrusts. Seth could tell it was going to end soon as his balls began to swell and he felt the tingle deep inside. 

“I’m gonna….come…..babe.”

Marti started picking up the pace and in just a minute or two she was rewarded with thick cream hitting the back of her throat. She swallowed as fast as she could, making sure not to miss anything. After the spurts subsided she licked him clean, causing him to jump a little from the over sensitivity. 

“Lay here with me for a few minutes Seth,” she said after letting go of his now soft dick.

Seth slowly crawled on the bed and cuddled up next to his beautiful golden goddess. They talked for a while about nothing and were soon back to caressing and touching each other. As soon as Seth got hard again he rolled her onto her back and crawled between her thighs. He gazed into those seductive blue eyes and started teasing her still drenched slit with the tip of his cock. Marti arched her back and moaned. Seth began to slid a little of his hardness into her incredibly tight pussy. She held herself deathly still as he pushed into her slowly, moaning as he stretched her slit and filled her like she had never been filled. After what seemed like forever he felt his balls touch her ass and marveled at the silky wet feeling of her pussy as it gripped him tightly. Seth began to ease in and out of Marti, enjoying every second like it would be the last. Marti wrapped her legs around his waist and ran her fingers through his hair. 

“Seth, sweetheart, you feel sooooo good inside me.”

“Babe you are so wet and tight…….”

“Screw making love, Seth, I want you to fuck me…now.”

Needing no more encouragement Seth started pounding into her making her moan with each thrust. Marti pushed into him every time he slammed into her. This went on for about fifteen minutes until Marti screamed through another orgasm. After she came back down to earth Seth pulled out of her and all of a sudden she pushed him over onto his back and straddled him. Marti then impaled herself on his wet dick and began riding him. Every time she dropped down on him she half moaned and half screamed, riding like a mad woman. Seth started pushing up every time she dropped down and soon she came crashing into another orgasm. She sat there trembling for a few minutes with Seth still buried inside of her and then she looked up and he saw a very mischievous twinkle in her eyes. Marti rose up until he popped free and tilted her hips forward and slid up a little. She held herself up and used her free hand to push his dick back and pushed down hard. Seth felt his cock slip past the ring of her hot ass and she squealed as he sank into her unbelievably tight ass to the hilt. 

“Does that feel good, to be in my tight ass?”

“Oh god yes.”

Marti started to rise up and down, slamming her ass into him. She squealed with pleasure as he began thrusting up into her ass. Seth started massaging her clit with his thumb as she bounced up and down sending her over the edge yet again. It didn’t take much of her ass to make Seth’s balls start to boil again. He started groaning and Marti picked up the pace and soon he was filling her hot ass with his come. As he softened his prick slid out of her ass with a wet pop. 

They feel asleep just as the sun was appearing over the horizon. They slept in and Seth woke up about two o’clock feeling sore all over, but he saw no sign of Marti besides the smell of sex in the room. He got up and looked all over the room for her but she wasn’t there. All of a sudden he felt very alone and went to take a shower. 

When he got out of the shower he smelled something good, he couldn’t place it but it smelled good. He dried off and put on a pair of shorts and went into the kitchen. There he found Marti waiting for him with food sitting on the little table. She told him it was take out from her favorite Cajun restaurant. They ate and ended up fucking again on the table. They took a shower together and got dressed to go out. 

The next day Seth drove them both home and it was a very interesting trip…but that is another story....