 My friend Denise picked me up at the airport . It had been a late flight, something like 11pm local time and I had already been up since 4am Chicago time, been to class, checked out of the hotel, sat in O'Hare for 3 hours and spent another 4 hours on the plane. She had worked that day and was tired too, not to mention she had just got over a cold. Plus her husband, who had been out of town for two months on a job, had just got back a few days before and they had spent a lot of time....um....reuniting.

We hadn't seen each other in about 8 months. As much as we really wanted to do other things, we were both pretty beat. So the plan was that she would take me to the hotel, get me settled in, talk for a little bit and then she would go home and rest. We would have the whole weekend to talk, visit family, shop and anything else.

When we got to the hotel she sat on the bed and turned on the TV while I stashed the luggage and made a quick check of voice mail. I felt filthy and needed a shower, kind of hoped that would wake me up a bit for even a short visit. She was happy watching some reality TV that she never gets to watch at home so I stripped down and took a quick shower.

When I got out there really wasn't any point in getting dressed as I was going right to bed. So I climbed up on the bed behind her, wrapped my arms around her and rested my head on her shoulder to watch TV with her. Talk about a nice way to end the day. And it would have been.

The problem was that I hadn't had sex in over a week. And sitting there behind her, naked, with my cock rubbing up against her butt.....well, suddenly I was getting a second wind. My hands started to wander and I played with her breasts while we watched TV. She has such nice breasts, about a 40D and yet fairly firm. It just felt so good to have her in my arms, and it felt so right to trace her nipples, to tug at them. Her breathing changed, her body totally relaxed, she began to melt into me.

But then she stood up and announced that we would have to wait. She should be getting home, Rick would feel bad if she spent the night since he just got back home and she was pretty tired. I told her that I understood and stood up to give her a hug and kiss goodbye.

Funny thing a kiss like that. I hadn't intended it to be more than a quick kiss. But I love kissing, and so does Denise. So after about 2 minutes of kissing and neither one of us had made a move to pull apart, my hands began to wander. So did hers. Soon my hands were on her ass pulling her tight against my body. After another couple of minutes of that I had to take things elsewhere. She was tired, I was horny, we had to either end this now or get on with it. I took a step back, releasing from the kiss and sliding my hands to her hips.

"I wish I could stay, but I've got to get home"

"I know, it's ok. I'll see you in the morning."

I took another step back and sat on the bed. She started to fix up her hair a bit. I laid back on the bed and began to stroke my cock. She just stood there and stared...like a deer caught in the headlights.

"Denise, it's ok, I just need to cum. You need to get home."

"I know, I need to go home. I can't sleep here tonight, maybe tomorrow."

Next thing I know she's taking off her shirt. I sit up to help take off her pants. Denise never wears panties so I was quickly greeted with a view of what I am convinced is the most beautiful pussy in the world. I know what I want, and now there's no talking me out of it.

I lay back on the bed again, my cock pointing straight up. Her hands are in mine and I gently tug her my way. She slowly climbs/falls on top of me, our lips meet and we're once again kissing but this time there is no clothing between us, just flesh against flesh and she feels so good against me. As we kiss she is slowly grinding her pussy against my cock and I can feel her warm moisture, it feels so good. She starts to arch her back up a bit bringing the head of my cock closer to.....to where I know I want to be....but not yet.

In a quick move I roll us both over so that I am now on top. The sudden change seems to bring her out of the sexual trance she had been in.

"We can't. I've got to get home."

But now I've recognized a scent. Her scent. And it's got me HOT. But there's something else.

"Did you and Rick fuck today?"

She's quite, but the look in her eyes says it all. This has been a fantasy of hers for a long time. She's had sex with three guys in one day, but always cleaned up each time. Not tonight. I know without her saying a word that she's had sex with her husband several times today. I know without her telling me that he fucked her right before sending her to the airport to pick me up.

"You didn't shower did you?"

"No. We can't do this"

I reach down and grab my cock, running it up and down her, coating it in her lubricant. 

"You've wanted to do this for a long time. Do you want me to fuck you? Do you want my cum in you so you can go home and fuck Rick? You want him to feel my sperm inside you like I can feel his right now?"

She nods.

"This is so dirty, so nasty. We shouldn't."

But her eyes say she must. We have to. There is no way she'll go home now without my cum. Not on her. Not on her breasts. Not on her ass. Not on her belly. Not in her ass. As tired as she is, she's got to have my cum deep inside her to fulfill this fantasy. She's wanted this far too long. So has Rick. So have I.

In one quick thrust I enter her completely and stop. I kiss her hard. It's as if we have become one. She feels so warm, so wet, so wonderful. Her pussy does feel different somehow, I can tell that she's been fucked. I make one slow stroke, all the way out and then slowly all the way back in. It feels so good and I can tell by the way that she's kissing me that it feels just as good to her.

But it's too much. This is so naughty. I'm in a hotel fucking my married girlfriend who has just fucked her husband and is going to take her pussy full of my cum home to fuck him again. It's naughty, it's sexy and it's going to make me cum quick if I make one more stroke.

My mind is working overtime. I've got an even more naughty idea. I wouldn't have considered it even hours ago. But somethings got hold of me and I'm in a very horny mood. Besides, if our weekend goes as planned I'll be in bed with the both of them tomorrow night and the odds are very good that I'm going to be the first guy to suck his cock, to swallow his load.

So I didn't waste any more time thinking about it. I knew that what I was about to do would shock her, send her over the edge. And it did. I slowly withdrew my cock from the warmth of her pussy the, when I was out, quickly slid myself down so that my face rested between her thighs. She looked down at me.

"Don't. I'm not clean. You can't."

I did. With both hands I spread her lips apart to get a good look at that beautiful pussy. Then, in one quick move so I wouldn't start thinking about it and think my way out of it, I planted my face firmly against her. My nose just above her clit, my tongue at her enterance. Normally I work the clit first, but not tonight. Tonight I sank my tongue right into her, fucked her with it, tasted her. And she tasted great! Better than I would have imagined. I love to eat pussy, could do it for hours. And I've never had a complaint, lots of compliments. But this....this was different and I could do this until someone carried me off. It was that good! But her movements told me that suddenly she was as close to a good cum as I had been minutes ago. She was tired, I wouldn't drag it out and make her wait. I moved to her clit, sucked it in, flicked it with my tongue.....she launched into orbit! Only the second time she had ever cum by oral sex....and both times by me. A guy can take pride in something like that.

I knew she would fade fast now, tired as she was. But the fantasy required more. I kissed her for a minute, maybe a bit more, gave her body just a little time to come back down. But that was it. I needed to fuck. Not just to cum, I needed to fuck and fuck hard. She wasn't just going to get my cum deposited into her, we weren't going to make love like we usually did. This needed to be a hard, fast fuck.

"I know you like to be on top, but I love looking at your ass. And I want to cum deep inside you. Get up and let me fuck you from behind."

She looked at me as she got up to position herself, never really taking her eyes off of me as I stood by the bed waiting. You could tell that she was tired, her body was tired, but she wanted this more than anything. The look in her eyes told me more than I could ever hope to put into words.

Up on all fours she waited for me to get behind her. She didn't wait long. In this position her pussy was wide open and meant for my cock. I slid right into her, all the way and took just a moment to take in the view. Her ass looked so good, all that flesh with just the right curves. I slowly pulled my cock about 3/4 of the way out and the look of my cock inside her, her lips pulled back against it, her ass up and exposed to me....that did it for me. I began thrusting hard but slowly. I build up speed but kept a steady pace pulling almost all of the way back and slamming all the way in. She was slamming her ass back toward me with as much effort as I was putting into it. When we met we would stop, grind, enjoy the feel of it for just a second before repeating again. After about three minutes of this, my balls were tight and I was ready to cum. After more than a week without sex I was finally ready to cum and cum hard. And I did. When my cum released I pushed into her as hard as I could and held there, my cock pulsing, shooting and pumping my cum into her. Her pussy quivered and pulsed on my cock, the sensation of my cum so deep within her had set her into her second orgasm of the night with me. We just held like that, both of us in some sort of primal screem/grunt, maybe a minute or more. Then my body demanded movement. I slowly withdrew my cock then came back into her again. As I thrust into her my cock pulsed yet again and I swear I came yet again, several more spurts of cum inside her.

That was it. I was spent. She was spent. Somehow we managed to collapse together on the bed like that with my cock still inside her. We lay like that for a few moments before I had the strength to get up off her. As I did I noticed how wet my dick was and I reached down to slowly stroke my now flacid cock. She reached out to me, had me stand by the bed a moment as she got up and took my cock into her mouth. She sucked me, licked me, kissed me. Then I crawled into bed with her and we lay in each others arms for maybe 10 minutes. I felt her starting to doze off and, as much as I wanted to have her in my arms all night, it could not be.

I helped her get up, I dressed her. With a quick hug and kiss I sent her on her way home. Good thing she didn't have to go far, just a couple of blocks.

As soon as the door closed I called her husband.

"Denise is on her way, call me back if she isn't home in 10 minutes."

"Ok, thanks for letting me know. I'm suprised she didn't just stay the night with you at the hotel."

"She missed you Rick. You've been gone for so long and she loves you so much. I don't blame her for wanting to go home to you tonight. We'll get to spend our time together tomorrow."

"I know. But you didn't get to see her for very long tonight. I would have hoped that at least you would have talked her into sex. I know what it's like without it for so long."

"Hey Rick, do you really think we wouldn't have fooled around? No way. She's so fucking hot. And I love her too much. It's been 8 months since I was with her last. No, I got some time with her."

"You did? You know.....um....wow. I mean, we did it right before she left."

"Rick, I know. Thank you. I loved seconds. Just so you know, she didn't shower before leaving here. And I cam hard. Do me a favor and complete her fantasy. Then tell her to relax and sleep in, not to come get me before noon."

"Holy shit. I can't believe it. You're the best. She's never let me in her right after....I mean....wow."

"I know. Me either. Hey, you hard?"

"Oh hell yeah!"

"Good. Well don't let me shock you here but.....before I fucked your wife...."

"Yeah?"

"I ate her."

"Damn!"

"I know. It was one of those spur of the moment things. Fucking hot tho, you know?"

"Yeah. Damn, that is hot. Well, she just pulled up into the driveway. I'm gonna let you go. I want to get her to bed, see if I can have thirds.....maybe even...."

"Wow. I can't believe you're even considering it. Well make love to her for the both of us. And remind her that I love her. I'll see her tomorrow afternoon and the both of you tomorrow night."

"Good night."