 "Coming, Mom!" Marty called to his mother. Jeanie and Marty came out of his room and said hello to Selena from the top of the stairs. She greeted them both affectionately and took her bags of groceries into the kitchen. She set everything on the counter and went upstairs to her room, passing the two of them on the way to the living room, already involved in a debate about what kind of music they were going to listen to.

Selena went up to her room and kicked off her heels on the way to her bathroom. She turned the tap on and adjusted the temperature, then quickly stripped off the rest of her clothes and got under the hot spray. She stood there for a moment, letting the water spill over her, then grabbed the soap.

As she lathered herself, Selena thought of her experience with the officer who had pulled her over. She was still surprised at her behavior, but she didn't regret it. She had enjoyed being cuffed and fucked hard while bent over the seat of the officer's car. She had liked how he'd ripped off her panties and fucked her with his nightstick, making her feel so nasty for agreeing to fuck him.

Selena finished her shower and dressed while she thought about the wild things she'd done lately. Howard hadn't noticed there was anything different about her when he'd been home for the weekend. There hadn't been anything different about him, either, she sighed. 

She went downstairs to the kitchen to fix dinner for herself and her children. Howard wouldn't be home until Friday, so frozen pizza would do. The kids would love it, and she didn't mind. Maybe they could make popcorn later and all watch a movie together. It had been a long time since they'd spent an evening together like that. Selena smiled.

* * * * *

Howard Wilson was restless. Three of his clients had canceled appointments this trip. He had one more meeting at 11:00 in the morning and then he could go home a day early.

"To what?" he asked himself. He didn't know what was wrong, but things between Selena and himself seemed even more distant than usual the last time he was home. He wondered if his marriage was headed for divorce. He didn't think Selena was happy.

Howard called room service and canceled the dinner he had just ordered and left his room. He didn't know where he was going to end up, but he wasn't going to stay in his room for another boring night away from home.

He flagged a cab at the curb and got in. "I'm looking for someplace to go have a few drinks," Howard told the driver. "I'm tired of sitting in my hotel night after night on these trips."

"I've got just the place for a guy like you," answered the cabby. "Lucky's is a good bar. I think you'll like it."

"Sounds fine," Howard replied. He didn't really care. He just wanted to get out for a while.

"Promises, promises," Howard thought as he saw the flashing neon sign when they pulled into the lot. He walked into the place and noticed there seemed to be a surplus of women. The sign on the specials board announced "Ladies' Night". 

Howard laughed to himself. Wouldn't you know... ladies' night at Lucky's. That was too funny. Not much good for a guy like him to hit a place like this on ladies' night. He had never even thought about being unfaithful to his wife, ever.

Howard took a seat at the end of the bar. The place wasn't overly full, but seemed to have a good crowd. The music wasn't so loud you couldn't hold a conversation with someone. Not that he had anyone to converse with, but he could at least order a drink without shouting.

He ordered a rum and coke and sat sipping it and watching the crowd. There was a good mix of ages amongst the patrons, so he didn't feel any more out of place than any other man who never went to a bar at night without his wife. He was well into nursing his second drink along when he noticed someone had walked up beside him.

"Is this stool taken?" a feminine voice asked. Howard turned to see a pretty young woman standing next to him. She couldn't have been more than thirty. 

"No, no one's sitting there," he replied. "Have a seat." He couldn't figure out why she'd want to sit here at the bar next to him when there were still a couple of empty tables and other empty seats at the bar including the next stool over, but he wasn't going to be rude.

"Thanks," she said as she sat down. "My name's Kelly, what's yours?" she asked him. Kelly had watched him from across the room for about an hour before she got the nerve to approach him. Kelly had waited for two reasons. She figured either he was married or gay, and she wanted to see if anyone joined him. He didn't look like he was used to being out by himself.

She thought he was the best looking 'older' man she'd seen in ages. She'd always liked older men. She hadn't dated much in high school, being uninterested in the boys around her and too young for most of the men she did like. 

"I'm Howard," he replied, suddenly wishing he was 10 years younger. 

Kelly was pretty, her blue eyes seeming to dance at some secret amusement, and the corners of her mouth naturally upturned. Her long dark hair fell over one shoulder and sexily across her face when she turned. Howard had noticed her great figure right away. She wasn't quite as big breasted as his wife, but almost. Her trim waist curved into full hips, and he felt a sudden flush of desire to know what it would feel like to hold her naked body against his, then swept it away as quickly as it had come. He was married. Besides, she had to be at least 15 years younger than him. There was no way she would be interested.

"So what are you in town for," he heard Kelly ask. "Business or pleasure?"

"What makes you think I'm a visitor?" Howard asked her.

"The suit, for one," she answered laughing. "And maybe the fact that you looked like a scared rabbit when I asked if I could sit down beside you. You're married, I see. Don't worry, Hon, I won't bite... unless you ask real nice," she finished with a wink and a grin.

Howard smiled back at her. "This wasn't so bad," he thought. She was nice, as well as pretty to look at. It would be fun to spend a little time with her. 

Kelly looked pointedly at Howard's glass. "You're almost empty," she said as she signaled the bartender. "Another one of those for him," she said, "and I'll take one too."

She looked at Howard after she paid the bartender for the drinks. "That's to keep you from buying me one and thinking I'm just paying for my drink by sitting here with you. Now why don't you tell me what you do that brings you to our city?"

Several drinks later, Howard couldn't believe Kelly was still sitting there talking to him. She'd coaxed him into telling her all about his job and what he disliked about it as well as liked, and into talking about his family as well.

In return, she'd told him about her job as a state inspector. She traveled with her job from time to time. She agreed that it wasn't any fun sitting in a hotel room night after night watching television while you were stuck away from home. "I don't have any kids," she said, "but I can tell my dogs miss me when I'm gone even though my brother takes good care of them."

Howard was feeling very good. Kelly's company was the most pleasant he'd had away from home in a long time, and he didn't want to leave her, but just then the bartender leaned over to them and said, "Last call."

Kelly looked at Howard. "I'm still having a great time with you, Howard," she said. "I don't want to go home yet. Can we go to your hotel and have another drink?"

Howard gulped. He knew that wasn't a smart thing to do, but his judgment was impaired just enough that he said, "Yes."

He had the bartender call them a cab, and they waited by the exit for a few minutes while it was en route. He was suddenly tongue-tied, after spending the last several hours talking with this woman about everything under the sun.

"What's the matter, Howard?" Kelly asked him when he finally shut the door of his hotel room behind them. "Why are you so nervous? Haven't you ever had a woman in your hotel room before?" 

They walked on into the room and she turned and smiled provocatively at him. "Do you still think I'm going to bite you?"

"No, but I almost wish you would," Howard thought before saying, "Of course I don't. And no, I never have."

"Want me to help you get over your nervousness, Howard?" Kelly asked him.

"Sure," Howard laughed. "Although I don't think I'm that nervous any more. Do you want that drink now?" He knew he was lying. His heart was beating faster than he wanted to admit. 

"No," Kelly answered as she stepped closer to him. "I want this." she murmured as she leaned closer and kissed him, her lips barely brushing his. 

Startled at first, Howard almost drew back when Kelly leaned forward. As soon as her lips brushed against his he felt a stirring he knew he couldn't ignore. He pulled her closer to him, his arms wrapping around her back as hers twined around his neck.

He kissed her hard, his lips forcing hers apart, his tongue invading her mouth as if it was his first kiss in a long time. His hand wound in the back of her hair, crushing her to him, their kiss growing more passionate until finally he released her, gasping.

"I'm married," he said.

Kelly smiled. "I know. I don't want to go home with you, Howard," she said as she put her hand on his erection and squeezed it very gently. "I just want to make us both feel very good tonight, and go home tomorrow with some good memories."

She unbuckled his belt and unfastened his pants. Howard didn't stop her. He just unbuttoned his shirt and stepped out of his clothes. "Now it's my turn," smiled Kelly as she unbuttoned her blouse. 

Howard watched as she undressed, making a little show of it for him, pushing her tits together and then taking off her bra to let them settle into their natural position. She slipped out of her pants and stood totally naked and unembarrassed in front of him. She took Howard's hand and led him over to the bed.

"Lay down," she told him as she gave him a little push.

Howard laid back on the bed and watched her as she approached him. Selena had never been the aggressor like this. He grinned as Kelly crawled up on the bed, her tits swaying between her arms. He liked it.

Kelly stopped at his waist, then bent over and licked his nearest nipple, then bit it lightly. He jumped a little, then settled back down as she leaned over and did the same to the other one, her nipples dragging teasingly across his belly. He reached up and took each one between his fingers and pinched them just a little bit. She moaned, and turned to lower her mouth to his.

He pulled her down onto him, their tongues battling for space in her mouth as he kissed her fiercely. He could feel his cock throbbing against her soft skin as she rubbed her body against his. Howard wanted so badly to roll her over and push his cock into her. No, he wanted to pound his cock into her, to slam it in to the deepest part of her and fuck her harder than she'd ever been fucked before.

Kelly pulled away and it was as if she'd read his mind. "I want you to fuck me, Howard, but not yet. There's something else I want first."

She turned back around and grasped his cock in her hand. She bent down and he felt her lips surround the head of his cock and then it felt like she swallowed him in one quick motion. She deftly sucked him in and pulled his cock back out until just the tip of his cock was in her mouth, her tongue swirling around it as if she were licking an ice cream cone.

Her head went up and down, his cock being alternately sucked into the slick warmth of her mouth and then pulled slowly from between her lips to be licked and sucked and nibbled. Howard reached over and began to play with her ass, kneading and squeezing her flesh between his fingers until she moaned around his cock. His fingers glided up and down the cleft between her cheeks, deeper with each pass until he was tickling at the rim of her ass before circling the entrance to her pussy with a finger.

"Mmm... yesss..." Kelly moaned as he inserted the tip of his finger into her, still making little circles. She swallowed his cock again, keeping the suction tight as her mouth rose up his shaft.

"Ahhh..." he murmured as she continued to manipulate his cock with her lips and tongue. "You need to stop," he said as he felt the cum start to boil at the base of his cock. "You're going to make me cum."

Kelly raised her head for a half a second to look him in the eyes. "That's the idea." She placed her wet mouth back over his cock and swallowed it as deep as she could. With a few more strokes, she could feel Howard's cock swell even more, and knew he was going to fill her mouth with his cum.

Howard groaned and reached for her, holding her mouth down over him as he shot a stream of cum down the back of her throat. She kept sucking as he spurted several more jets of cum into her mouth, then sat back up on the bed and made an obvious display of swallowing it all. 

"Now it's my turn," she said. "You get to make me cum, then I'll start over on you for another round of fun. How would you like to do my ass tonight, Howard?"

Her question had surprised him. Selena would never even ask him to make her cum, let alone invite him to fuck her ass. He was going to make sure he did just that before the night was over.

"I'd love to fuck your ass," he told Kelly as she climbed over his chest and put her knees on either side of his face. "But right now I'm going to lick your pretty pussy until you cum all over my face." 

Howard felt almost giddy. His wife never talked like this. He loved feeling free to tell Kelly he what he wanted to do with her. 

He could smell her arousal as she drew closer to his face. He brought his hands up and grabbed her hips, pulling her down onto his mouth. His tongue swiped the length of her slit between her pouty pink lips. 

Kelly shuddered. "Yesss..." she moaned. It had been such a long time. She was so ready, the taste of his cum still fresh on her tongue. It always turned her on so much to make a man cum with her mouth. 

She squirmed against his lips as he slid his tongue into her and swirled it around at the entrance to her quivering pussy. She felt him moan more than heard him as his breath vibrated against her swollen lips. He put his hands up to cover her nipples and she arched into him.

"Mmmm... grab my tits, Howard. Bury your fingers in them and squeeze them hard. Oh, yes, that's it!" Kelly cried out as he happily grabbed two hands full of her ample breasts and squeezed until his fingers were deep in her flesh. 

Howard licked and swirled his tongue all over her pussy like a man starved. He had his tongue buried in her as deep as he could stretch it, fucking her with it as he sucked up her juices with every stroke of his tongue. Kelly writhed on top of him, pushing her breasts into his hands and grinding her pussy against his mouth.

He tipped his head back so his mouth was right over her clit, his tongue rubbing from side to side over the little nub and back down her juicy, pink slit. As his tongue made it's way back up between her lips and over her clit, Kelly began to rock her pussy back and forth against his face. 

"Lick me harder, lick my clit and suck it... HARD!" She cried out as he followed her directions.

"Mmmm... yes, I'm almost there." Kelly moaned. "Play with my nipples, Howard, pinch them hard, and pull on them. Ohhh yes... twist them... yesss... oh..." Kelly was pushing herself into his mouth, her juices flowing over his tongue like warm honey.

"SuckmepleaseohgodyesI'mcumming..." wailed Kelly as Howard sucked and chewed on her clit and pinched and twisted her swollen nipples. 

She looked down at him once she'd stopped spasming. "Mmmm... that was fantastic," she purred at him. "You should get a reward." She swung off him and scooted down beside him. She trailed her fingers over his chest, lightly scraping her fingernails across his nipples. 

Kelly traced a path down the center of his chest to the little trail of hair that led to his dark pubic thatch, then spread her fingers and pushed them down to his cock. She slid her hand around it's base and bent to lick it's still sticky head.

"Mmmm... you taste good." She bent and licked him again. He could feel her soft lips envelope his cock again. It felt so good. He felt himself swelling again, rising under her hand and mouth and twisting tongue.

Kelly turned so her ass was pointed toward his shoulder to better slide his cock deep into her mouth. Howard could see her swollen pink lips, her cum still gathered at the entrance to her yet unprobed pussy, ready to drip onto her thighs. He reached out and touched the drop, scooping it up with his finger and sucking it off.

"You taste good, too," he said, just as he pushed his finger into her pussy. Kelly pushed back into him and moaned around his cock. As good as her mouth felt around him, he couldn't wait to fuck her beautiful, wet pussy. He wanted his cock where his finger was; two fingers as he added another. He slid them in and out of her as her mouth rose and fell on his cock. 

Kelly slowly pulled her mouth from him, still squirming against his fingers. "I want to fuck you so bad," she murmured as she drew herself from him. She turned and took his hand and put his fingers in her mouth, sucking and licking her juices from them as she looked into his eyes.

She swung her leg over him and squatted over his cock, grasping it in her hand and pressing it against the slick opening to her pussy. She bounced lightly against him, teasing him as much as her as she allowed only the head of his cock inside her.

Howard groaned and put his hands on her hips. "Are you ready, Howard?" She smiled and rocked back and forth a couple of times, her eyes holding his.

"Yesss..." His breath exited his lungs in a hiss as he pushed up toward her. "Oh god I'm so ready..."

Suddenly Kelly pulled her hand off his cock and dropped on it, slamming it deep inside her as their bodies met. Her cry and his rose and fell together. She lifted herself instantly, then dropped onto him again. Howard helped lift her, his fingers digging into the flesh of her hips as he brought her down on him again. He figured he'd be bruised by the rough contact tomorrow, but he didn't care. This felt better than anything he'd felt in a long time.

A few more times slamming his cock to the hilt inside her hot, wet pussy, and Kelly stayed pressed against him, rocking back and forth, grinding herself against him. He could feel his cock rubbing against the very core of her. 

"Now,"Howard growled. "I want to fuck your ass now."

"Ohhh, yes!" Kelly answered him. She climbed over beside him and got on her hands and knees, putting her head down and her ass high in the air. Her knees were spread wide.

Howard got up on his knees behind her. His cock was dripping with her fluids, his belly and balls and the insides of his thighs splashed with her juices. He pressed his cock up to the little star of her ass hole. He shuddered as she pushed back against him, stretching the rim of her ass around the head of his cock.

He pushed a little harder, feeling her wriggle against him. Her throaty moans incited him to push further in, finally feeling the head of his cock pop inside her ass. 

"Mmmm... yes..." Kelly encouraged him. "Do it. Fuck me Howard. Drive your cock into my ass."

Howard gave a small, tentative thrust, her ass stretching to accommodate him but holding him so tightly it made his balls twitch in anticipation of the full length of his cock being buried in her clenching hole. 

"Fuck me, Howard!" Kelly cried out. "Fill my ass with your cock. Bury it in my tight ass!" She slid her hand between her legs, her fingers flying over her clit in quick back and forth motions.
