 I walked through the bright hallways as quickly as I could without running. The grey lockers lining either side had an abandoned quality in the after school hours. There were some kids sitting on a picnic table in the little quad area at the center of the school and I could hear the coach's distant whistle out on the football field. I jerked open the door to my daughter's chemistry classroom and was relieved to find she was still there. I was over an hour late after all.

"I'm so sorry I'm late," I said, setting my briefcase down.

"Did you forget again?" Abby asked irritably. She didn't even bother looking up from her Iphone. The one her mother said we would get her "for emergencies." I was getting tired of her teenage high school angst routine and being late to pick her up was just going to feed into it. One more petty drama to add to the constant balancing of the family, my own law practice, and a wife that seemed to want to fuck me less with each passing day. 

That's when I saw her.

She was sitting at the lab table behind my daughter, her finger placed idly in the enormous organic chemistry text in front of her. She had shoulder length red hair. I could tell how thin and soft it was even from across the room. It framed her creamy skin perfectly, like a porcelain doll. 

Her full lips puckered almost imperceptibly as she looked up at me. I tore my eyes away from her piercingly blue ones. I knew I wasn't supposed to look. But I caught her eyes lingering too. A little longer than they should have.

"Dad, this is Marcie. She's my chem partner."

"Nice to meet you, Marcie," I stammered. She smirked at me with heavy lidded eyes. 

"Hey," was all she said.

I took the opportunity to size her up a little more. Her thick button up shirt couldn't hide her ample tits underneath. She had a thin unbuttoned blue sweater on over the shirt and, under the table, a knee length plaid skirt and long white socks that accentuated her toned calves. Stop looking!

"We should go, honey. Your mom'll have dinner ready by now."

"I'm not even hungry." 

It was like she calculated each response to ensure maximum surliness.

"You can bring Marcie if you want." 

I couldn't help myself. Hopefully it wasn't too obvious. Maybe she would think I was just trying to make up for being late. I tried to read Abby's face as she finally looked up from her phone.

"Um, I guess. Marcie you want to—"

"Totally," she said, clapping the textbook shut. 

She looked right at me as she said it. Like she knew I had only invited her so I could stare at her sweet young body the entire time. And she didn't seem to mind. If only she was a little older. I promised myself I wouldn't look at her even once on the drive home. It was wrong, I told myself.

***

She sat across from me at the dinner table, where we always put the guest. I kept my eyes on the food in front of me as best I could and just let my wife, Anne, drive the conversation. I figured that was safest. I didn't trust myself.

"So you're a senior too, Marcie?" Anne asked.

"Yeah."

"You guys have any other classes together?"

"Just chem," Marcie said. "I'm so lucky to have Abbie as my partner. I got an F last year. It's the only reason I didn't graduate."

My ears pricked up.

"It makes me feel so dumb, being a year older than all the other kids. I mean, I turned 18 last month. I should be in college already."

Almost unconsciously I looked up at her from my plate as I processed what she had just said. She was staring right at me with that same smirk. She ran the tip of her little pink tongue along her top lip. Her chest rose as she breathed in.

"That doesn't make you dumb, honey," Anne said. "Plenty of people graduate at 18."

"Besides, it doesn't list your age on the diploma," I added.

To my left I glimpsed my daughter rolling her eyes up at the ceiling, but across the table Marcie was still staring right at me. She smiled broadly showing her perfect teeth and supple mouth.

"You guys are so sweet."

She said guys but I could tell she meant it toward me. It was like we were having our own conversation beneath the surface, exploring each other's ever so subtle responses.

"Can I be excused?" Abbie asked abruptly.

"Sure, honey," I said. "Could I have some more of this meatloaf, Anne?" I asked slyly.

"Of course. I'll cut you another slice." 

I grinned as my daughter left the table and Anne got up and went into the kitchen. I wanted the chance to ogle Marcy without worrying about being seen. Her ice blue eyes locked with mine. I pictured them looking up at me with my cock deep inside her.

"Come on, Marcie. Let's sit out back for a bit," my daughter called. 

Marcie leaned forward as she pushed herself away from the table, watching me the whole time, smiling more lustily than she had the entire evening. She turned to follow my daughter and I stared at the back of her skirt, thirsting for what was inside.

"Hang on," she called. "I've got something in my shoe."

Then she bent over. From the waist. I could see her tiny white panties, failing in their efforts to cover her large, round ass and sweet, succulent cunt lips. She held the pose for so long I probably could have finished right then and there if it was just me and her. 

Then she stood and shot a quick look over her shoulder at me. I had craned forward across the table without even knowing, trying to get closer to the smell and warmth of her sweet pussy. I didn't even bother trying to hide it. She smiled and bit her bottom lip. Hard. 

"Let me get your plate, Mr. Johnson," she said, coming toward me.

She leaned down in front of me much more than she needed to. Gripping my empty plate with her left hand she looked up to make sure Abby wasn't watching and then put her right hand in my crotch, exploring the head of my rock hard cock through my slacks. 

"Take me home later. Please?" she whispered.

I nodded. "I wouldn't want you walking home alone," I said, finally regaining some composure.

"Thanks." 

She raised her fingers to her mouth and licked them. I looked down and saw my pants had a wet spot from all the pre cum she had inspired. I watched her ass jiggle back and forth underneath the skirt as she finally followed Abbie out back. I went upstairs to dry the spot on my pants and try to pull myself together so Anne wouldn't have any idea.

I waited. Oh, I was so patient. I waited for Anne to notice how late it was and observe, shouldn't Marcie be getting home? I agreed and pointed out she had no vehicle since we had all left the school together.

"You should give her a ride home, honey. It's too late for her to walk even if it's close."

"Yes, you're right," I said, trying to hide my excitement. "Why don't you let them know it's time to wind up? I hate playing the bad guy."

She climbed the stairs and I heard her at Abbie's door telling them it was time to go. I got my coat and stood in the foyer waiting for them. My wife came down the stairs followed by Marcie. 

"Abbie wanted to go," she said, "but I told her she needs to get a jump on all that homework she has."

"Good idea," I said mildly. It was almost like she wanted this to happen for me, like it would turn her on to think of me cramming my enormous dick in such a tiny, tight little pussy. 

The minute we were in the car Marcie immediately began to grope at the inside of my right thigh. My cock turned to steel in her hands.

"Where do you want to go?" I asked.

"I know the perfect place," she said.

She unzipped me and took out my cock as she gave the directions. 

"You are so nice and big. You are going to feel so fucking good inside me. I can't wait," she said.

I nodded. "I'm going to go balls deep in that little pussy," I muttered breathlessly.

We pulled into a dark lot in front of a park. There were no lights and the moon was new. As soon as I shut off the headlights it was almost pitch black. 

She lowered her head into my lap and began to lick my cock. She ran her tongue around the underside of the head, then up and down the shaft like a lollipop. She circled the head with her tongue over and over then pulled it all the way inside her mouth and sucked hard. Her slurping noises filled the car.

"Jesus fucking Christ," I muttered.

She bobbed her head up and down, her plump ass in the air. I gathered her crimson hair and held it up so I could get a better view of her flawless, cherubic face. She looked up at me for approval and smiled with my cock still in her mouth. 

I moved my fingers to the back of her head and pressed her face down into my lap. Her mouth opened wide and I heard her choke on my dick at the back of her throat. I held her there for a few seconds and then pulled her back upward. "Oh god, you taste good," she gasped. "I need you to fuck me now."

I got out of the car and came around her to her side. I opened her door and pulled her out roughly. Then I pushed her down backward on the car's hood and lifted her legs up in the air. My hands moved up the socks to her thick thighs. I grabbed the panties and pulled them down to her ankles. 

It was dark but I could feel how perfectly smooth her legs were, the symmetry of her pussy lips. I kissed them gently then dove in, searching through the warm wetness for her hardening clit. I felt her entire body go tense when I found it. 

I pushed against her legs with my hands and she took my cue, spreading them even further apart for me. I pushed in further and licked at her clit furiously, drowning myself in her intoxicating smell. I could feel my hard cock rub against the car.

She tore open her shirt and began to rub at her hard nipples as her hips gyrated against my face. 

"Oh god, oh god, oh god," she chanted rhythmically.

I reached up and pinched one of her nipples as her back arched. I sucked her clit as hard as I could. 

"OH FUCK!" she shouted, pressing my head hard into her sweet hole as she came.

She lay back on the hood of the car, one of her arms covering her face, but I didn't give her time to rest. 

"Let me see that fine round ass," I said as I turned her over and pulled her toward me.

I had her draped over the side of the car, still limp from her orgasm. I spanked her smooth perfect ass and felt the wetness from her pussy. I smacked her one more time to savor the perfect jiggle of her milky skin and then pressed my cock against her. 

She leaned back and used both hands to spread her ass cheeks wide. Her pussy spread open for me like a flower. She groaned as I shoved my cock inside.

She was sticky wet from coming and her pussy was amazingly tight. I started out slowly but soon was pounding her uncontrollably, the slapping sound of my balls against her ass growing louder and louder, drowning out her cries. 

I reached around and cupped her tits as I fucked her, then moved my hands upward, over her gorgeous face and through her hair. I pulled her head back and drove as far as I could inside her. 

"I'm gonna cum now," I grunted inside her ear.

In one smooth motion she turned and dropped to the asphalt, her face level with my hard cock glistening with her pussy juice. She jacked me off with both hands and opened her mouth wide. 

"Give it all to me baby," she pleaded. "Coat me with it."

She opened wider and stuck her tongue out as the hot cum began to spill out of me. Strands of it covered her sweet freckled face and her hair. I watched a clump hit her tongue and roll down her throat. 

She lowered her head toward my cock and sucked what felt like a quart of it into her mouth and swallowed.

"Oh fuck yeah! You liked that, didn't you?" She laughed.

She wiped some from her cheek and sucked it off her finger, then returned to lick my cock the rest of the way clean as I stood there quivering in delight.

"Have to get rid of the evidence or your wife won't let you give me any more rides home."

I nodded. She stood up and kissed me on the cheek. Her face was clean now but she still smelled of my cum.

"Can I come to dinner again sometime?" she whispered in my ear.

"How about tomorrow?" I asked.