 About five years ago, my wife and I decided to get a divorce. We married young, and were also married to our careers. We had no children, because neither one of us would be home long enough to be a good parent. Our sex life was pretty good, when we happened to be together to have sex. We divorced the best of friends.

I thought it would be a good idea to do a Bob Seger and "Turn the Page." Since I had relatives on both coasts, a move to the Midwest was my choice. No more long coast-coast trips. I bought a house an hour's drive south of a major city. As long as I owned a dependable car, and could get to an airport, I could work from just about anywhere in the country.

One day, a couple of weeks after I moved in, the doorbell rang. Standing at the front door was a very pretty Postal Worker carrying a package. She said, "Hi, my name is Marty. Whenever possible, we have to hand deliver packages." I thanked her, caught a hint of Lavender, and watched her slim figure, complete with bouncing ponytail, get in her vehicle and drive to my neighbor's mailbox. We were close in age, but I thought I was about 5 years older.

Over the next month, Marty delivered a couple of packages, and found the time to make small talk with me. One afternoon, I was working from home, sitting on my patio reading a spread sheet, and drinking a glass of wine, when my doorbell rang.

Marty was standing on my front porch with a package. When I opened the door, she said, "Tony, I tried to deliver this yesterday, but you weren't home, I was afraid it might get wet, so I didn't leave it." I responded, "That's fine and if I'm not around, which happens frequently, that's what you should do. She then said, "I notice all the mail is addressed to you, is there a Mrs.?" I told her that I was divorced and unattached, but married to my job.

Hearing this she quickly said, " My girl friends and I go to the Midway Cafe on Wednesday nights. The beer is cold, sometimes there's live music, and there are significantly less guys trolling the place looking for a piece of ass!" I already liked her bubbly personality, now I was enjoying her candor.

"You know," I said, "I just may see you there."

The following Wednesday around 9:00, I walked into the Midway Cafe. Almost every animal that once lived in the county was stuffed and on display. The only thing missing was Patrick Swayze! When Marty saw me, she shrieked and came running up to me. She gave me a big hug, a sisterly kiss on the cheek, and took me by the hand to her table. 

Introductions were made, rounds of beer were purchased, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Marty's crew were all single; one friend never got married, one friend was divorced, and one friend was a military widow. Marty got up couple of times and unsteadily walked to go to the bathroom. When she came back the last time, she asked me, with slurred words, to take her home. 

I parked at her apartment complex and walked her to her door. I could smell the clean fresh Lavender shampoo she used on her hair. She looked at me and said, "Would you like to come in?" As much as I wanted to, I said, "Marty, if we're going to bring our friendship to the next level, we are going to do this right. I'm a bit of a Foodie and I know my way around a kitchen. You will be wined and dined by candle light. I've never taken advantage of a girl in my life - I'm not going to start with you."

She hugged and thanked me for being a gentleman. I watched her, in her tight jeans, enter the apartment. I waited until I heard the door close and the lock set, then I went home and seriously thought about jerking off.

It was almost three weeks before my schedule would allow us to have that supper I promised. 

Marty showed up wearing a t-shirt, skinny jeans, heels and her signature pony tail. "My goodness", she said, "This house smells like an Italian Restaurant!"

I poured us a glass of wine that paired well with the supper I prepared, and showed her around the house. We sat in the living room sipped our wine and made small talk; mostly about how much she liked the completely open kitchen, dining room and living room concept of my house. 

I asked her to light the candles and refill our wine glasses, while I opened another bottle of wine and plated supper.

During supper, she told me about her ex. I told her about my ex. She talked about work. I talked about work. She mentioned not dating much since her divorce. I mentioned not dating much since my divorce. She told me about growing up on a big working farm. I told her about growing up in a big east coast city. She told me that if she ate anymore, she would explode. I told her to save room for dessert!

I said to her, "Let me clear the table, then we can have cordials in the living room. When we have digested properly, we'll have the dessert I made. I can turn on the fireplace for ambience."

We each took something to the sink, multiple times. I finished loading the dishwasher, and turned to find Marty standing very close to me. She undid her ponytail, shook out her hair, and wrapped her arms around my neck. 

Our first kiss was passionate and tender. Her lips were soft and moist. Neither one of us was in a rush to do anything more, but kiss. Eventually our tongues began exploring each other's mouths. Our breathing began to quicken, and all the while, I could smell the unmistakable Lavender scent of her hair. 

"The rest of the clean-up can wait," she said. "Let's go mess up that nicely made kingsize bed you have in the master bedroom."

I led her by the hand to the foot of the bed and we began kissing again. This time, our hands began to explore the contours of each other's bodies. I hadn't been with a woman in some time and my dick was straining to be released from my pants. 

Our tops came off first; her's, followed by mine. Marty began kissing my chest and licking my nipples. She reached behind her back and unsnapped the claps on her navy bra. Her perfect B cup tits with their big pink nipples were inches from me. Our chests came together as we continued our slow, tender kissing.

I sat on the bed and took off my shoes and socks. I stood to remove my pants, then sat back down. My underwear did little to conceal my hard dick. Marty stood in front of me, stepped out of her heels and wiggled out of her jeans and navy panties. Standing before me was an incredibly beautiful and sensuous woman. Her nipples were hard, and her thighs framed a swollen pussy, with a dark brown landing strip.

She reached for my underwear and when I raised my ass, she took them off. My dick sprang straight up. She knelt next to me on the bed, and we started kissing again. She slowly rubbed my balls before grabbing my dick. My pre-cum acted as a lube, as she began stroking me. Sensing that I would unload soon, she gently pushed me on my back and covered my face with her pussy. Before she took me in her mouth she said, "Please don't come in my mouth, but anywhere else is fair game."

I ran my tongue along the edges of her pussy. I licked up and down her wet gash. My senses were in overdrive. Even here was a hint of Lavender. My dick was the hardest its even been. She was as deliberate, gentle and slow, sucking my dick as she was when kissing me. I felt her lips on the base of my dick, as she took me deep in her mouth. With each stroke, I got closer to exploding. With each stroke, I pushed my tongue into her wet pussy.

I told her when I was ready to cum, she removed my dick from her mouth and stroked me fast and hard. I continued to lick her as I deposited a load of cum on her chest and my lower body. I felt her legs quiver and her ass begin to bounce. I realized she was having her own orgasm. I ran my tongue up to her ass-hole. I continued licking her there until she came again. 

She collapsed on top of me and said, "Dear God, That's the most sperm I've ever seen at one time. How long have you been storing that up?" "I really can't remember the last time I came," was my response.

We were both covered in cum and decide to take a shower together. I have an oversized shower. The previous owner made the bathroom handicap assessable. We soaped each other up, cleaned each other off and stayed under the shower head holding each other and kissing, until the water started to get cold.

After drying off, we headed back to the kitchen, naked. Once the kitchen was clean and the dish washer running, we took our cordials to the living room. I sat and Marty laid down facing the fireplace, with her head on my thigh.

Sitting there, watching the flames dance, I began rubbing her shoulders, her side, and her pretty ass. I started to get hard, again. The gentle touching was having an effect on both of us. When Marty saw my full erection, she positioned her mouth over the head of my dick, and began licking me. When she stopped, she said, "I want to feel you inside of me." 

Right there on the couch, we fit together like two puzzle pieces. I entered her and began slowly pushing my dick all the way in and almost completely out. Marty met each of my strokes with one of her own. Her orgasm was strong, and loud. "I've never had so many orgasms, in one night," she said.

We left the couch for the bedroom. We continued our love making, and as corny as this sounds, we didn't fuck like two rabbits, we made passionate love to each other. I held her arms above her head, licking her nipples as I continued to slide in and out of her. When I stiffen, she contracted her pussy and I deposited my load deep inside of her. For the longest time, we stayed in that position holding each other tightly.

Marty eventually went into the bathroom, cleaned herself up, and returned with a warm wash cloth. She cleaned her juices and any left over cum off of my dick, and said, "Tonight was wonderful, can I stay?"

I said, "Of course." 

We woke up in the same position we fell asleep in; me wrapped around her with my dick resting against the cheeks of her perfectly shaped ass.

Six months after this glorious evening, our time together ended. 

One afternoon, my door bell rang. Marty, my Lavender Lady, was standing at my door without a package and tears in her eyes.

"Marty come in, what's the matter," I asked. In between sobs, she said, "My Mother suddenly passed away. I'm her only child and inherited the family homestead. I'm going home. It's a permanent move. I've already submitted my transfer papers, in case the farm is too much for me to handle and I have to sell." 

We held each other tightly. I tried to summon the right words to say, but I was having a difficult time processing what I just heard. This in all likelihood was our good-bye. 

I threw caution to the wind, and while inhaling deeply her Lavender scent, I said, "You are the most amazing person, I've ever known. Your personality and laugh are infectious. I fell deeply in love with you and I will never forget you or our brief time together."

Tears ran down her pretty face and she said, "I never met a man like you. You are the best thing that's ever happened to me. I love, and will never forget you." 

We held each other tightly and kissed one last time. If she wanted to stay that night, she could have. Asking her to stay, one final time, would just prolong the inevitable. 

She slowly opened the door, turned to face me, and said, "My friends and I have no secrets. They know all about us. Don't be surprised when those heifers start showing up at your door!"

Thankfully, my job kept me busy traveling. There were stretches of time when I was away from my home, more than I was home. About 4 months after Marty moved, I bumped into Rita, one of her friends who said, "We don't hear from Marty anymore. She told us that making a clean break was what she needed to do. It was time to "Turn the Page," or some such thing." 

Rita, also said, "We still meet at the Midway Cafe on Wednesday nights. The beer is cold, sometimes there's live music, and there are significantly less guys trolling the place looking for a piece of ass! We have an extra seat at our table, if you're interested."