 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.




After years of talking about it, I'd finally managed to get Debbie and Mary to coordinate their schedules and book a visit with me so that we could undertake the "Colorado Beer Tour." Because of other commitments, Debbie would be arriving later on Sunday while Mary was arriving early on Saturday. I'd grabbed some tickets for the Rockies for Sunday afternoon with the plan to head right from the game to the airport to pick up Debbie, but Saturday was for just hanging out at the house and taking it easy after Mary's flight in from Boston.

I was on my way to the airport on Saturday as Mary called me with status updates once she'd landed and it sounded like we'd be hitting the passenger pick-up area at pretty close to the same time. As I pulled into the covered area, I spotted her pretty quickly and pulled over. I popped the trunk and jumped out of the car then gave her a big hug. We didn't have the luxury of being able to stop there for very long with Denver being a very busy airport, so I let her go and threw her bag in the trunk as she settled into the passenger seat. As we rolled back out into daylight, she had turned to face me.

"I'm so psyched that this is finally happening," she said, "and I can't begin to thank you for letting us stay in your guest room and offering to drive to help cut our expenses."

"I want you to save your money for the important stuff," I replied, "like beer."

"Still," she continued, "I would be remiss if I didn't take this opportunity to express my thanks the best way I know how without spending any money."

Her hand dropped into my lap and my cock immediately began to grow as she started to massage it. She reached over with her other hand to open my shorts and I raised my ass so that she could work them and my underwear down enough for my cock to spring out. She took it in her hand and pumped it before leaning over and wrapping her lips around it, sliding them down. I moaned as she inhaled my cock and started to move her mouth up and down it while pumping the base. I was careful to maintain my speed along Peña Boulevard as I tried to fathom the fact that Mary was actually sucking my cock. Once I was able to relax and appreciate it more, I reached down with my right hand to cup her tit, gently tugging on her hard nipple.

She was sucking my cock slowly and skillfully so I quickly felt an orgasm beginning to build due to her oral talent. In a different situation, I'd have wanted to just lean back and watch her sucking my cock while enjoying the pleasure she was providing, but I didn't want to drive off of the road. I was able to glance down occasionally to get a quick visual and that was incredibly arousing but her cocksucking ability would have been enough to get me all the way there pretty quickly. I was savoring every bit of pleasure while still remaining focused on the road as we approached I-70. I could feel myself tensing up as my orgasm approached and tried to relax so that I wasn't stomping down on the accelerator, but it wasn't easy with her mouth working on me. We were hitting the exit for I-225 when I let out a loud moan and started to spurt into her mouth.

As I rounded the curve on the flyover, she was swallowing my load and nursing out all of the cum I had to give her. She raised her head as I was easing us into traffic and looked around as she wiped her mouth. She hadn't missed much by having her head in my lap, other than some fields and some hotels, but I reassured her there would be plenty to see during her visit even if there wasn't right at that moment. Traffic was stop-and-go, so I was able to get my shorts and underwear back up while continuing to thank her and tell her how awesome her blowjob had been. I filled her in on the plan for the rest of the day and, though she was aware that I'd picked up tickets for the Rockies, I still gave her the details for the following day, leading up to another trip out to the airport to pick up Debbie.

"Will you tell her that the fare for a ride from the airport is a blowjob," I joked, "or should I?"

"I dare you," she said, but we both knew there was no way Debbie would blow me with Mary sitting right there. I also knew that I couldn't be that fortunate to receive two unexpected blowjobs.

It was a beautiful Colorado Saturday so, when we got back to my house, my wife had margaritas already waiting. We got Mary set up in the guest room down in the basement, then sat outside enjoying our cocktails. The rest of the day was spent sipping margaritas, catching up and, eventually, cranking up the grill and making way too much food. The game on Sunday wasn't until 1 pm, so we were up kind of late on Saturday night, but not too late. Once Mary had headed downstairs to get ready for bed, my wife and I had done the same but, before I brushed my teeth, I went to check on Mary to make sure she had everything she needed. I announced myself on the way down so I wouldn't surprise her.

"So, do you have everything you need?" I asked, "Is there anything I can get you before I go to bed?"

"No," she replied, "I think I'm in good shape."

"I'll say," I commented as I gave her the once over in her nightshirt, "You sure you don't need an orgasm to help you sleep?"

"Wouldn't that be a bit risky?" she asked, looking intrigued.

"Sure," I replied, "but she looked half-asleep when I came down here, so I'm not too worried about it. Plus, we'd hear her walking around above us if she got up."

I dropped to my knees and raised her nightshirt up to reveal that she wasn't wearing panties under it. Her brown bush was well groomed and looked inviting, so I kissed her hips and abdomen then had her sit on the edge of the bed. She spread her legs for me and I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the juices that were already flowing. She gasped softly as I lapped at her pussy while running her fingers through my hair. Once I'd given it a good licking and slipped a couple of fingers into her, she flopped backwards on the bed and started to rock her hips toward my face. I was licking and sucking her clit while fingering her and, glancing up, I saw that she was massaging her tits. She pulled her nightshirt up to expose them, giving me my first look at them, then started to gently tug on her hard nipples.

The longer I ate her, the wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming. Given the time and a more convenient location, I would have eaten her through as many orgasms as she could tolerate, but I thought it best to get her to one long, intense one both to return the favor and to indulge myself just a bit. I could hear the rate of her breathing picking up but she was doing a good job of suppressing any moaning as her hips rocked faster and faster. When she started to tense up, I could tell she was getting close but I didn't try to draw her pleasure out any longer and just tried to get her the rest of the way there. I was pleased when I heard her gasp and she started to shake. I continued lapping at her clit as my fingers were flooded with additional juices.

Once she'd gone still and had let out a long sigh, I raised my head and slipped my fingers from her pussy into my mouth. I stood up and realized that I couldn't go upstairs quite yet because my lounge pants were tented out in front of me. Looking down at Mary with her nightshirt up above her tits, exposing her entire body to me, wasn't going to help it go down, but I couldn't stop looking. When she realized my dilemma, she reached for my cock and massaged it before yanking the waistband of my lounge pants down enough to release it.

"Only a couple of things are going to get that to go down before you head upstairs," she said, "and I think a cold shower is out of the question."

She pulled her nightshirt completely off, which wasn't going to help either, but then turned over so that she was standing, facing away from me, with her head down on the bed. I reached out to caress her ass before grasping my cock and guiding it to her pussy. I slipped easily into her and took her by the hips once my hips were touching her ass. Again, I knew this was risky and, regardless of how much I wanted to savor the opportunity to fuck Mary, I had to make it quick. I started to fuck her pretty hard, pulling her ass back against my incoming hips as I pushed into her. Her pussy was so hot and slippery that I wasn't expecting it to take very long before I was spent and softening. I was able to focus on how good it felt as opposed to, say, thinking about baseball, which was absolutely awesome. Despite the earlier blowjob, it wasn't taking much time at all for her hot, wet pussy to have my orgasm quickly building.

I could tell that she was reaching back between her legs to stimulate her clit and, as she started pushing back against my incoming thrusts, I thought we might be able to cum simultaneously. I debated reaching forward to caress her nipples to see if that would help her along, but figured I'd just stick with the long, hard strokes. I heard her gasp again and felt her body trembling so we missed our chance at simultaneous orgasms, but it turned out to be something that she didn't want, anyway. As she finished cumming and I was right on the verge, she stopped me just before it was too late.

"Don't cum inside me," she said, softly, "I don't want to have to explain any stains on your sheets."

I pulled out of her almost immediately and she realized how close I was before I pumped a load all over her ass, turning around to take me in her mouth again. She had barely slid her mouth up and down once when I started spurting into it, feeling the intense pleasure washing over me. She swallowed my load for the second time since she'd arrived in Colorado then let my softening cock fall from her mouth.

"Hopefully that will keep you out of trouble," she said, "and keep me from getting thrown out of your house."

She stood up and pulled her nightshirt back on while I tucked my spent member back into my lounge pants. I kissed her and copped a quick feel of her tits before turning to head back upstairs.

"Sleep well," I said as I headed for the stairs, "See you for coffee in the morning."

Sunday was another beautiful day from the get-go. We sat outside drinking coffee and reading the Sunday Post then had a late breakfast to fuel up for the game. Mary and I headed off to catch the game and had a chance to talk about the night before.

"I feel kind of guilty doing that right below where you wife was probably sleeping," she said, "but, at the same point, I don't think I could have come out here and not fucked you."

"Once Debbie is here," I replied, "we probably won't have another opportunity, anyway. So, hopefully it's done and out of our system."

I knew this was the right thing to say but it wasn't how I felt. I also felt bad about cheating on my wife, but I had wanted to see Mary naked, feel her up and fuck her for a long time and I didn't regret finally taking advantage of the opportunity to do it. I figured it was a one-time thing and, though I'd relish it, I didn't expect to make a habit of it.

Our seats were great, the weather was superb and the Rockies managed a win so, even though the game ended earlier than we expected, we were quite pleased with our afternoon. Since we had time before we needed to head to the airport to pick up Debbie, when we headed back to where we'd parked, I suggested we go on up to my office so I could show off the view from the 25th floor. We walked around the office checking out the view from all sides of the floor and it didn't escape me that there was no one working. Mary appreciated the scenery but I could tell that wasn't all her mind was on when we got back to my desk and she threw her arms around me. I kissed her back but I wasn't going to feel comfortable out in the open like that, so led her to a nearby conference room. It was a small one that could only comfortably fit about four people, but the glass beside the door was frosted and I knew the table could be moved in front of the door, not that I expected anyone to come try the door.

"Good thinking," she said as I closed the door behind us and moved the table. We were quickly back in each other's arms, making out again. My hands went down to her ass, squeezing it as I pulled her against the growing bulge in my shorts. We still didn't have the luxury of time or privacy, so we were both starting to undress each other pretty quickly. I had her capris open and was working them over her ass while she opened my shorts and let them drop to my ankles. I pushed her panties down with her capris and she was massaging my tented briefs as she stepped out of them. She quickly had my briefs down and my cock in her hand while I made sure there was a chair behind me before sitting down. I watched her trim, brown bush as she straddled me and guided my throbbing tool toward it.

We both moaned softly as she sat on my cock, engulfing it in her hot, wet pussy. My hands were on her waist, but as she started to ride me, I slipped them up under her blouse and fondled her tits through her bra. Her nipples were hard and poking at the thin material so, after toying with them briefly, I reached behind her and unfastened her bra. With my hands on her bare tits for the first time, I savored the feeling of the soft, smooth flesh as well as her hard nipples while she continued to ride my throbbing cock. We started making out again as I fondled her tits and relished the feel of her hot, wet pussy sliding up and down my cock. She started out with her hands on my shoulders, but quickly had one down on between us so that she could caress her clit. My hands were moving from her tits down to squeeze her ass and back up again as I felt her pussy getting hotter and wetter the longer she rode me. I ended up lifting her shirt up over her head and, as I tossed it aside, she shed her bra. I admired her bouncing tits as she rode me before we went back to making out again.

I didn't want us to finish quickly but I knew, even though the office had been empty, that we were taking a risk and that we had to head off to the airport soon. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build just because her pussy felt so fucking fantastic and I only suspected that she was close to cumming herself because of how hard she was riding me. It didn't surprise me when she let out a gasp and started to shake while still fucking me hard. I wasn't quite there yet myself, even by the time she'd finished and her pussy had been flooded with additional lubrication, so I picked her up and lay her back on the table. I hooked her legs over my arms and started fucking her hard again, with long, full strokes, while looking down at her brown bush and bouncing tits. I didn't think my cock could get any harder but, as I looked over her naked body and felt her hot wetness of her pussy wrapped around my cock, I could feel it swelling even more.

My long, full strokes were getting faster and harder as I felt my orgasm building up and I had to pause briefly when the table started to make the door rattle. After a quick adjustment, I was back to fucking her hard again, my orgasm continuing to build due to the incredible pleasure her pussy was providing. I was thinking about pulling out and cumming on her stomach when she directed me otherwise.

"Cum inside me," she moaned softly, "I want to feel you cum inside me."

Since I'd had a vasectomy many years before, I wasn't worried about cumming inside her and only would have pulled out so that she wasn't dripping for the rest of the afternoon. With the go-ahead, though, I was going to savor having my cock inside her for as long as I possibly could. The pleasure was so intense, though, that it was only a few more minutes before I was spewing into her. She let out a gasp though I didn't think that she was actually cumming again. I continued to fuck her even after I was no longer spurting until I was just too flaccid.

When I pulled out, before I sat down, I grabbed the box of Kleenex from the nearby cabinet and used a couple to wipe myself down before handing the box to Mary. She hopped down off of the table and cleaned herself up a bit before we gathered up our clothes and pulled ourselves back together. We made out a little bit more then straightened up the furniture and, after checking that the coast was clear, slipped out, each of us making a stop at the rest rooms.

We left for the airport and had enough time to talk about the past twenty-four hours, which we agreed had been an incredible experience to share between us, but that it wasn't likely to happen again, especially on that visit, and that we should just keep it between us. Once we had Debbie with us, though, we were too busy having fun and drinking outstanding beer to lament the lack of another opportunity to pleasure each other.