 This is an original work by Zeb_Carter and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.Com and any submission to any other site has not been authorized by the Author.

*****

Mary was happy. No, she was ecstatic. After her first time with John, she felt different. Before that night she was still that timid young girl being watched over by a sweet, kind, yet gruff older man. Even though they lived in a loft, in an old decrepit abandoned building, she was happy. Between John and her they had enough food or money enough to buy food to keep them alive and well. They also had enough to keep the dogs well fed. Rudy and Sunny, along with John were part of her family now. They were her family. She would do anything to protect them. The two dogs would do anything to protect her, as would John.

About two weeks after her first encounter with John, they were scuttling down a dark alley in search of things that they could sell. Junk. Metal and such that they could sell at the recycle center not far away. Mary had just picked up a fairly long piece of pipe when three men came around the corner up ahead. Mary froze. John was behind her in the shadows. The dogs were back away and split up. Mary could hear the soft scratching of Rudy's nails on the concrete as he hurried forward.

Mary hefted the pipe. It would do a lot a damage in the right hands. In hers, it would probably only make someone angry. She held on to it anyway. It took the three men a couple of steps to notice her. She stood staring at them as they took notice.

"Hey, what do we have here?" The biggest of the three said, turning toward her.

"Hey it's a girl," another said.

"A girl! Ugh, that's a girl," the third said.

Mary was glad she was in her oldest clothes. They were her dirtiest and grimiest. She was sure they smelled to high heaven. She stood still, the pipe still touching the ground.

"Hey girly, get over here," the tall one ordered.

Mary just looked at him. Then laughed. She didn't know why she was laughing, but the whole situation just struck her funny. There were these three guys coming toward her. There was a big black dog just out of sight behind her, along with a mountain of man. And she now saw Sunny had circled around behind the three men.

"What's so funny girly?" the tall one asked, anger turning his face red.

"Funny?" Mary said. "You. You are funny."

"Why you..."

Mary felt Rudy brush her leg as he moved in front of her and sat, staring at the three men. Mary laughed all the more at the expressions on their faces. Then Sunny growled. A deep, low growl, from her chest. The three turned at the sound.

"What the fuck," one of them said, Mary couldn't tell which.

"You might want to leave. Walk slowly toward the building to your left and out into the street. The dog won't attack, unless you don't walk away from us.

The three slowly moved toward the building, then out into the street. Mary felt John now standing behind her. Mary lifted the pipe and handed it to John.

"Nice pipe," John said, sliding it into the bag he held.

"Do you know them?" Mary asked.

"They are some of the lowlife that live around here. They prey on the homeless. I've had a few run ins with them. They have always left with their tails between their legs."

Mary laughed again. John shook his head, sank to his knee and praised Rudy. Sunny came running to them and John praised her also. Mary knelt and hugged Rudy's huge head in her arms as he tried to lick her face. Then John stood. Sunny sat calmly. Rudy slipped from Mary's grasp and sat. Mary stayed next to him as both dogs watched John. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out two milk bones. Both dogs tails were wagging wildly. It was rare that they would receive a treat. John held out one for Sunny who took it gently from his hand. Then for Rudy, who just as gently took it from him.

Several hours later they were at the scrap yard having their collection of odds and ends weighed. They made ten dollars. Enough for a meal tonight and breakfast tomorrow. On the way home, Mary detoured them by the pawn shop. She had found some costume jewelry she could turn into cash at Meyers pawn shop.

"Ah, Mary, my favorite customer. How are you today young lady?" Meyer asked as always winkling his nose as she came closer.

"Just fine, just fine. Sorry for the odor..."

"Think nothing of it," Meyer told her. "And what have you got for me today young lady?"

"I have these," Mary said spreading the pieces she had found in dumpsters and on the ground, on the counter top. Twenty pieces altogether.

"Ah, let's have a look," Meyer took his loupe from where it hung around his neck to check the jewelry before him.

He did that every time, even though they both knew what she brought in really wasn't worth all that much.

"And how much do you want poor old Meyer to pay you this time dear girl?"

"Twenty dollars. That's a buck a piece."

"Twenty is not unreasonable...sure...wait a minute," Meyer said and hurriedly picked up one of the necklaces. "This could be something..."

He was examining the locket Mary had found on the playground. She had opened it and found nothing inside. It was gold in color with what she assumed was a cheap stone in the right hand side of the heart. Meyer was now looking at the clasp closely. Then he was examining the gemstone.

"What?" Mary asked a little exasperated.

"Well, well...it would seem you have a find here. This locket and the chain are twenty-four caret gold. The weight alone..." he paused as he set the necklace on a scale to his right. "...yes, in weight alone you have two-hundred and fifty dollars in scrap price."

"Two..."

"Two hundred and fifty," Meyer told her again.

"It's yours..."

"Ah, but then there is the gemstone. It's a diamond."

"What?"

"A diamond. An eighth of a caret. It's of good quality, a little smoky, but no occlusions. I'd say around two-twenty-five..."

"What?" Mary was excited, she was speechless.

"Yes, yes...the piece is really nicely made. The clasp is quality work. Whoever lost this is probably very sad at its loss...for this alone I will give you five hundred and sixty dollars."

Mary stood there with her mouth open, eyes bugging out of her head. Five hundred and sixty dollars. Five hundred and sixty dollars. That would keep them fed for months. It would even let them spend a few night in the hotel where her and John could once again enjoy each other.

"For the whole lot you have here, we'll call it and even six hundred," Meyer was smiling widely.

Now usually Mary wasn't one to dicker with Meyer. He had always been fair with her paying her asking price even when what she had wasn't worth what he paid.

"How much will you sell that necklace for?" Mary asked out of the blue.

Meyer looked at her scrunching up his eyes and stroking his chin.

"I will ask for a thousand, but settle for eight hundred," he told her.

"I see..." Mary said thinking over his offer. "Six hundred it is then." She put out her hand and they shook on the deal.

Meyer opened a drawer and counted out six hundred dollars in a mix of bills, mostly twenties and tens. He knew she would have a hard time breaking fifties and hundreds. Mary's eye were wide as she watched Meyer count out the bills on the counter. As he finished she scooped them up and counted them again. Meyer stood there smiling at her. He wasn't offended. It was part of doing business. Mary finished counting and looked up at Meyer and smiled. He winked at her as she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. Then and only then did Meyer make the jewelry disappear from the countertop.

"Thank you Meyer," Mary told him as she split the pile of bills in two. One she made disappear so quick that even Meyer didn't know where it went. The other she stuffed in a front pocket.

"You be careful my dear young lady," Meyer told her as she turned to leave.

"Oh I will and thank you again."

She was out the door in an instant. John and the dogs were waiting.

"So how did you do?" John asked casually.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

"Try me."

"Six hundred dollars..."

"For those trinkets..."

"One of those trinkets was a solid gold necklace and locket with a real diamond in it," Mary whispered.

"What?" John croaked.

"Come on, let's get the dogs bedded down and fed, tonight we sleep in a real bed, again," Mary said winking at John.

John stuttered as she spun away down the street, the dogs giving chase. John walked fast to catch up.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *