 Me: Undress me

Him: I begin kissing you and feeling my way around your sexy body

Him: Then slowly making my way towards unzipping your dress and letting it fall to the ground

Him: I bring you in tight and kiss you some more, all the while running my hands around your body gently touching everywhere

Him: Then you begin to undress me...

Me: I undo each button tortuously slow

Me: When I reach the bottom I pause with my hand on your belt and look up teasingly. I slowly pull the leather loose and tug it free of belt loops.

Me: I release the button on your pants and inch the zipper down. You shrug out of your shirt and I push your pants down past your hips.

Me: I stand on tiptoes, pressing myself against your bare body to reach your lips, my hands curving behind your neck...

Him: We begin to make our way to the bed. I press against you, easing you back until your knees hit the edge of the mattress. 

Him: I push you back slowly and you wiggle to the top of the bed and I join you, straddling your hips.

Him: You lay back looking sexy as hell.

Him: I press against you, feeling the skin to skin contact.

Him: I kiss you deeply on the mouth then begin to move down to your neck.

Him: I kiss you neck all the way down to your chest and begin to make a trail to your boobs.

Him: As I kiss one and suck on your nipple, I am massaging your other with my hand.

Him: Then I switch and do the same to the other.

Him: Then I kiss my way back up your chest and neck all the way to your mouth. We kiss passionately for awhile, marveling in the feel of each other. Then I...

Me: Sit up on your hands and knees and take a long wandering look down my body. Your knees hug my hips. You sit back on your heels and skim your fingers gently down my body.

Me: The touch raises goose bumps on my breasts and stomach. Your fingers splay out over my curves until they dance along my panty line.

Me: I already know my thin lace panties are wet with desire.

Me: My heart races at the thought of what's coming.

Me: You grab the elastic and tug.

Me: The delicate fabric rips with little effort...

Him: As your panties come off, I can feel and see your desire for what is coming.

Him: You sit up and help me out my boxers then lay back down

Him: I enjoy the beautiful sight in front of my for a moment and then i begin to feel around what used to be covered by panties.

Him: I can feel your heat and my penis is rock hard and ready to go.

Him: I start lightly running my hands up your legs from your feet, getting progressively firmer as I move up

Him: I get to you vagina and i begin slowly feeling around it again you look like you're going to explode from the anxiety of me being so close but not actually touching where you want.

Him: I begin to slowly run my finger up and down your vagina relieving that pressure and sending a blissful wave through your body.

Him: I find your clit and then begin running my finger around it and over it.

Him: You begin to rock with my motion and I know you are getting close so I continue with a slightly faster pace.

Him: I can see you're getting very close so I lean down and get my mouth very close to your vagina while continuing to rub

Him: I lick your clit and you rapidly begin to climax and before you know it your body is shaking because it feels so good

Him: And then you climax

Him: And you are tempted to scream but I quickly come up and kiss you so you moan loudly into my mouth as you cum

Him: I position my penis so that it is pressing up against your vagina

Him: As I am kissing you I rock my hips so that I am running the tip up and down your vagina but not enough that it's too sensitive

Him: We are kissing passionately and I begin to spread your legs apart and move between them

Him: I position my penis so it is ready to go in but I just rub it up and down so that it is nice and lubed for the next step

Him: I begin to slowly push it in s we are making out and your eyes roll back and you moan deeply into my mouth...

Me: We move together for several strokes

Me: You pull out and we roll so you're on your back. I sit on your thighs, legs still spread. My clit rests against the shaft of your erect penis

Me: I run my fingers up it a few times causing you to shiver, then angle myself over you and lower myself down

Me: You look surprised at this new position, but gently roll your hips under me

Me: Your hands grasp my hips and hold me steady as I raise and lower my body from yours in time with your thrusts...

Him: We continue to meet each other's thrusts as best we can and we get a rhythm going

Him: I know i am about to cum, so i stop thrusting and lean up to kiss you and massage your breasts

Him: We continue like this for a bit, with me still inside you and you grinding a bit side to side as we kiss

Him: I lay back down and we continue thrusting where we left off.

Him: You are lifting yourself up and down, and I have one thumb rubbing your clit and the other is helping you move and to steady you.

Him: I am getting so close to climax, and your vagina is contracting around me...

Me: Your penis grows harder and longer inside me

Me: I gasp and press harder against you

Me: Both our breathing is ragged, we both so close to climax

Me: You stiffen suddenly and I feel you come inside me just as I also feel release.

Me: A few more half-hearted thrusts.

Me: I disentangle myself from you, and lay on my back on the bed beside you.

Me: We lie, spent for the night. Or the next 20 minutes...

The End