 Mary arrived home tired and tense from a lousy day at work. It was one of those days where nothing went the way it should have and all she had to show at the end of it was frustration. She walked in through the front door to be greeted by silence. This was something she hadn't been expecting, but she wasn't disappointed, she could do with a drink and ten minutes peace and quiet. 

Mary walked into the bedroom eager to change and cast off the day's memories. As she entered the room she noticed that there on the bed lay a single rose and an envelope. Mary smiled and her fatigue began to fade as she sat on the bed and opened the envelope. Inside was a note, "we have the house to ourselves for a few hours, I will be home soon I have an errand to run. There is a bottle of champagne in the fridge and a chair in the middle of the lounge room with a blindfold on it, be ready for me when I get home and I'll make your day disappear". Mary picked up the note and the rose and wandered into the kitchen, took the bottle of champagne out of the fridge and poured herself a glass. She drank it swiftly, just glad to have something cool to help wash away the miseries of the day, a second glass soon followed. After reading the note again and halfway through her third glass Mary realised that she hadn't eaten all day and that she should take it easy on the bubbly. She wandered off into the lounge room and saw the blindfold on the straight-backed chair. It was a reminder of when they first met and he had convinced her to put on a blindfold while he undressed her.

Mary laughed and poured another drink, wondering what was keeping her husband. This time she would surprise him she thought. Mary went back into the bedroom and undressed, she took out a silk scarf from her dresser and went back into the lounge room. She finished her drink and, feeling extremely light headed, sat naked in the chair. Mary tied the scarf around one hand, put on the blindfold and then placed her hands behind the chair winding the scarf around her free hand to give the impression of a compliance. Mary was more than willing to sit back and let him have his way with her. She waited expectantly, the day's tribulations fast becoming nothing more than a bad memory. 

The sound of the door opening and closing was met with an excited breath as Mary anxiously awaited his touch. She didn't have to wait long, but it wasn't quite the tender touch she had been anticipating. Her brow furrowed as she felt her wrists being pulled together and the scarf tighten around them. She wasn't expecting him to bind her hands together, making her helpless, but as surprised as Mary may have been she didn't complain, thinking that if he wanted complete control she'd let him have it. He knelt between her naked legs forcing them to spread wide then cupped her beautiful breasts, taking each in his mouth in turn and sucking slowly but firmly on her nipples. 

Maybe it was the alcohol but Mary was surprised by this urgent attack on her body, a moan escaping her lips as she straightened in the chair. He pulled his mouth away from Mary's hard, sensitive nipples and buried his face between her legs eating hungrily at her vagina, his tongue sliding into her warm, wet flesh, licking and sucking at her juices. Mary gasped, not expecting his need to be so passionate, not expecting her own needs to be just as urgent. He withdrew from Mary and undressed as he gazed at her naked beauty. Mary moaned softly and licked her lips as she waited eagerly for his return. 

He stood over Mary then sat down, straddling her legs and sliding his hard cock between her breasts. Mary arched her back pressing against him as he continued sliding his cock up and down fucking her pert breasts, excited by the sensual feel of her supple skin and firm flesh surrounding his hard cock. Mary desperately wanted to take hold if his cock and guide it towards her mouth but all she could do was lean into him as his cock slid between and over her breasts. He rubbed the tip of his cock against her hard nipples the early drops of cum making them slippery and smooth. He stood again this time lifting Mary to her feet. He sat on Mary’s chair and guided her, facing him, down onto his hard cock, entering her with a long slow thrust. Mary moaned and began to move her body up and down on his cock as pleasure took hold of her, all she could think of was fucking her lover until they both came. 

It didn’t take long for Mary, she came quickly as she rocked back and forth on her lover, his hard cock sliding deep inside her warm tight flesh, stimulating her to a long shuddering orgasm. He took hold of her firmly now as he drove his cock deep into her body, hungry now only to sate his lust on her beautiful flesh. He came inside her as he continued to drive his cock deep inside her giving sex, pumping out his lust with every thrust, filling her pussy with his seed. Mary moaned again and whispered "ohhhhh baby yes, fill me" as she felt his hot cum surge inside her, never had he been so urgent or so forceful, she felt like she had been fucked in whirlwind of passion. He lifted her off and sat her back down in the chair then pushed his still dripping cock against her lips. 

The phone rang just as Mary took his hard cock in her mouth and began to suck and lick it clean. The answering machine switched on as the message came through "sorry dear, car trouble, back in about 15 minutes, don't you start without me". Mary sucked hard on her stranger's cock, she only had a few minutes left before she knew he'd leave.