 Mary arrived home tired and tense from a lousy day at work. It was one of those days where nothing went the way it should have and all she had to show at the end of it was frustration. She walked in through the front door to be greeted by silence. This was something she hadn't been expecting, but she wasn't disappointed, she could do with a drink and ten minutes peace and quiet. 

Mary walked into the bedroom eager to change and cast off the day's memories. As she entered the room she noticed that there on the bed lay a rose and an envelope. Mary smiled and her fatigue began to fade as she sat on the bed and opened the envelope. Inside was a note, "we have the house to ourselves for a few hours, I will be home soon I have an errand to run. There is a bottle of champagne in the fridge and a chair in the middle of the loungeroom with a blindfold on it, be ready for me when I get home and I'll make your day disappear". Mary picked up the note and the rose and wandered into the kitchen, took the bottle of champagne out of the fridge and poured herself a glass. She drank it swiftly, just glad to have something cool to help wash away the day, a second glass soon followed. After reading the note again and halfway through her third glass Mary realised that she hadn't eaten all day and that she should take it easy on the bubbly. She wandered off into the lounge room and saw the blindfold on the straight-backed chair. It was a reminder of when they first met and he had convinced her to put on a blindfold while he undressed her.

Mary laughed and poured another drink, wondering what was keeping him. This time she would surprise him she thought. Mary went back into the bedroom and undressed, she took out a silk scarf from her dresser and went back into the loungeroom. She finished her drink and, feeling extremely light headed, sat naked in the chair. Mary tied the scarf around one hand, put on the blindfold and then placed her hands behind the chair winding the scarf around her free hand to give the impression of a compliant prisoner. She waited expectantly, the day's tribulation now just a bad memory. 

The sound of the door opening and closing was met with an excited breath as Mary awaited his touch. She didn't have to wait long to feel her lovers touch, but she wasn't expecting him to tie off her free hand to the other leaving them dangle behind the chair. Mary may have been surprised but she didn't complain, thinking that if he wanted complete control she'd let him have it. He knelt between her d naked legs, spreading them and cupped her beautiful breasts, taking each in his mouth in turn and sucking slowly but firmly on her nipples. Maybe it was the alcohol but Mary was taken aback by his urgent attack on her body, a moan escaping her lips as she sat upright in the chair. He pulled away from Mary's hard nipples and buried his face between her legs eating hungrily at her vagina, his tongue sliding into her wet warm flesh, licking and sucking at her juices. Mary gasped, not expecting his need to be so passionate. He withdrew from Mary's body and undressed as he gazed at her naked beauty. Mary moaned and licked her lips as she waited for his return. He stood over her then sat straddling her legs and slid his hard cock between her breasts. 

Mary arched her back pressing against him as he continued sliding his cock up and down fucking her pert breasts, exited by the sensual feel of her supple skin and erect nipples. Mary desperately wanted to take hold if his cock and guide it towards her mouth but all she could do was lean into him as his cock slid between and over her breasts. He rubbed the tip of his cock against her hard nipples the early drops of cum making them slippery and smooth. He stood again and lifted Mary to her feet. This time he sat and had her sit facing him on his hard cock, entering her with a long slow thrust. Mary moaned and began to move her body up and down on his cock as pleasure took hold of her and all she could think of was fucking her lover. Mary came quickly as she rocked back and forth on him, his hard cock sliding deep inside her warm tight flesh, stimulating her to a long shuddering orgasm. He took hold of her firmly now as he drove his cock deep into her body, hungry now only to sate his lust on her beautiful flesh. He came inside her as he continued to drive his cock deep inside her giving sex, pumping out his lust with every thrust, filling her pussy with his seed. Mary moaned again and whispered "ohhhhh baby yes, fill me" as she felt his hot cum surge inside her, never had he been so urgent or so forceful, she felt like she had been fucked in whirlwind of passion. He lifted her off and sat her back down in the chair then pushed his still dripping cock against her lips. 

The phone rang just as Mary took his hard cock in her mouth and began to suck and lick it clean. The answering machine switched on as the message came through "sorry dear, car trouble, back in about 15 minutes, don't start without me". Mary sucked hard on her stranger's cock, she only had a few minutes left before she knew he'd leave.