 I have a confession to make.

You see, I've been engaged to a beautiful young Italian woman named Anna for almost a year. The problem is that she lives overseas, finishing up a master's degree in architecture in Italy. Her program ends this coming May, after which we'll be having a traditional Italian wedding in her family's hometown of Torino (famous for its Baroque architecture and the Turin shroud), honeymoon in Bali and then settle down in Wisconsin, where I teach part-time at the local university while finishing up a PhD in the rise of the love lyric among Sicilian poets. I know I know, I'm just a romantic at heart...

So what's the problem? Well, I haven't seen my sweet baby Anna for almost a year, since I proposed on one knee in front of the Antonelliana Mole. I've been pretty much snowbound the past few months here in the good ol' northern USA. Needless to say, I've been lonely, longing for some female companionship. I figured there's no way I would ever want to cheat on my Italian angel, so I've been fooling around on-line, making certain I never chat with anyone within a 1000-mile radius. That way I'll never be tempted to meet someone face to face.

Maryse (rhymes with 'Oh please!' ) is certainly a sweetheart. We've been chatting on-line for a couple of months, exchanged digital pictures (bra and panties shots for her, "most-muscular" shots for me), and done some major flirting. Only 20, she's originally from Eastern Canada, from one of those French areas I know nothing about except it gets colder there than here! She's managed to find her way down to Florida, where she's studying to become a journalist at a junior college somewhere near Fort Lauderdale. She wants to perfect her English so she can work around the world, an admirable goal.

Anyhow, one evening we were chatting innocently on-line when she asked what my Spring Break plans were.

"Well, some friends and I were planning to go down to Fort Lauderdale for some beach time... you know, to get away from the cold and all," I answered, oblivious as always.

"Jason, you know I live a half hour from Fort Lauderdale."

Oh shit! While my friends Ben and Dean had been planning our trip, it hadn't crossed my mind Maryse lived in Florida. Moreover, Ben's uncle owned a beach-house in Fort Lauderdale, so that was our destination by default.

"Yeah, I knew that," I lied, wondering what the hell excuse I could make for not meeting Maryse. "Well, we're only going to be there a few days."

"That sounds great. You know, I've been working part-time at a hotel. I could get you a very cheap room for a couple of nights. Then you can be with your friends the rest of the time," Maryse stated casually, as if it had already been decided.

"Yeah, that sounds perfect!" I lied again, my heart beating faster and my palms starting to sweat. On the one hand, Maryse was certainly a cute little package, and I'd surely enjoy spending time with her naked, but... Sigh. Resignedly, I agreed to spend my first 2 nights down south at Maryse's hotel, and then scoot on over to Ben's uncle's beach house for the remainder of my stay.

As Spring Break approached, my mind was swimming with excuses. I kept trying to figure out a way out of this. At the same time, every evening when I lay down to sleep, images of Maryse's naked body hovering above mine floated into my mind, and I would powerfully squirt out my sexual frustration with visions of her lips on my cock. A true dilemma, one which many men would be more than happy to deal with, but I was at a loss, wishing I'd never heard of the Internet, and longing to pack my bags and head to Italy instead of Florida.

On the flight down to the Sunshine State, I was a nervous wreck. Ben and Dean wondered why on earth I couldn't go directly to the beach-house. I invented some story about a great-aunt my mother wanted me to visit in a retirement home. As the plane touched down, I realized there was no turning back. Ben and Dean got into one cab, and I got into another. It took about 25 minutes to get to the hotel.

Since Maryse's classes finished late, I checked into the room by myself at about 4. I opened the door, kicked off my shoes, and jumped on the bed. Flicking on the TV, I thought about what I was about to do. Questions ran through my mind: What if she doesn't look like her pictures? What if she isn't attracted to me in real life? What if she's a 55-year-old fat Nigerian man who wants to kidnap me and extort money from our government? What if... what if...? I was honestly hoping for something, anything to pop into my head that would allow me to preempt any immoral behavior other parts of me were dying to enact.

At about 5:30, I did some pushups and situps, and then hopped in the shower. I expected Maryse shortly after 6, and wanted to at least be clean. I dried my hair with a towel, put on some decent clothes for a nice dinner out, and sat back down on the edge of the bed, trying not to sweat, tense with anticipation.

At 6:15 there was a knock on the door.

"Just a sec!" I shouted, leaping to my feet and stubbing my toe on my suitcase. I grimaced, and hobbled over to the door.

Standing before me was the vision of loveliness I had been chatting with these past few months. A shade over 5 feet tall, Maryse had long, flowing blonde hair down to her ass, and an incredible smile which lit up when she saw me. She was extremely petite, with cute little breasts and hips, and the innocence of a 15-year-old schoolgirl. She looked absolutely delicious.

"Hello Jason. Are you hungry?" Finer words had never been uttered.

Maryse had an adorable French accent, stressing the 2nd syllable of my name and not pronouncing her h's. My heart melted when I heard it, and I decided to just live the next 2 days as if we were the only 2 people on earth.

"Yeah, um, of course, sure! Let's go!" I felt like an awkward nerd, fumbling for my wallet and keys as I stepped past Maryse into the hallway.

"Let me just put my bag in your room," Maryse said, smiling her incredible smile again as she rested her bag just inside the door.

Wow, at least that meant she thought enough of me that she planned to return to the room later!

So off we went for dinner, to an Asian-fusion restaurant that served sushi and Thai food, a decidedly odd combination. We had a great time, talking about a series of articles she wrote for her school newspaper, her job at the hotel, and my obscure field of study, among other things. I intentionally steered the conversation away from sex, trying to keep things light and innocent. Maryse kept me laughing, and also kept me spellbound with her amazing lips and teeth. That smile was to die for. I still had no idea what the rest of the evening had in store. We hadn't discussed how far we would go if we were attracted to each other, or whether she was even planning to stay in the same room as me!

As we walked back to the hotel after dinner, I longed to just take her hand in mine, but resisted. I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable so soon after meeting.

We arrived at my room, and I opened the door and let her in first. She flopped onto the bed and yawned and stretched.

"What a day! Thank you so much for coming to visit me," Maryse said.

"Um, yeah, of course, you're welcome!" I stammered and sat down beside her. I turned on the TV and we lay there for a while, silently watching. Dinner had taken several hours, so it was now almost 10pm.

"It's kind of warm in here. Do you mind if I change into my pajamas?" Maryse asked. Did I mind? Yeesh.

"Sure, go ahead. There's extra towels in the bathroom. I'll change out here while you're in there."

Maryse went into the bathroom and shut the door. I quickly threw off my pants and shirt, and put on my pj bottoms, long black loose-fitting flannel. I had neglected to bring a top, as I knew Florida nights could be stiflingly warm. I got under the covers and waited.

Maryse came back out into the bedroom wearing a tiny tank-top and tight, stretchy shorts. My god how succulent she looked!

She turned off the lights and climbed into bed next to me. The TV was now the only light in the room, casting a ghostly blue light on her face. Maryse snuggled up against me and put her head on my chest.

"This feels wonderful!" she said. "We fit so well together."

I had to admit, it sure did feel wonderful. I put my hand on Maryse's chin and lifted her face up so I could look into her eyes. I gently kissed her lower lip. She kissed back hungrily, devouring my lips and tongue, letting her hands travel over my bare chest.

"Mmmm," she groaned appreciatively. I guess those pushups were effective!

I put my hand on her leg and slid it up to her beautiful, tight, tiny ass. My god I'd never felt something so sexy in my life! My hand felt under the fabric of her shorts, right up to her crack. I slid my hand between her legs and felt her small snatch, starting to moisten.

"Mmmm, that feels nice..." Maryse moaned as my finger entered her. She threw back her head, offering her neck to be kissed. I immediately complied, kissing, licking, biting her, all the way around. I mauled her shoulders, I nipped at her biceps and kissed right down to her fingertips. I couldn't get enough of her body, her scent, her skin.

Soon I had both hands inside her shorts, massaging her little ass, the small of her back, her thighs. I pushed off her shorts, then pulled her tank-top up over her head. She was now completely naked, and, so it seemed, mine for the evening.

"That's not really fair," she teased. "If one of us is naked, we should both be naked, don't you think?"

I thought.

Maryse pushed me down on my back, and snaked down on her hands and knees towards my feet. She pulled my bottoms off slowly, being sure to pull the waistband up and over my now-throbbing, fully erect cock.

"Can I touch it?" she asked, as if I could utter the word no at this point.

Without waiting for an answer, she boldly put her hand around my member, and started stroking it slowly, pulling the skin up over the head on the way up, and exposing the head on the way down. She used long, deliberate strokes up and down my shaft. With her other hand she started playing with my balls and sac. Then she brought her head down and gently brushed her lips against the head of my cock. She put her lips around me, keeping a firm grip with her hand, and took half of me into her hot, wet mouth. She started bobbing her head up and down, up and down, while jerking me off with one hand and fondling my balls with the other. Pure heaven!

I managed to grab hold of one of her legs, and pulled it around, up and over my face, leaving her tiny pussy inches above my mouth. I put both hands on her ass, and pulled her towards me. She melted into my face, my tongue directly into her slit, my hands on her delicious ass. She gasped as my finger probed her asshole. I pushed my tongue inside her, and brought one hand around to apply pressure to her clit. As my tongue moved in and out of her, my finger in her anus tried to meet up with it inside her. She was getting filled in 2 holes at the same time, all the while my other hand was busy drawing firm circles on her clit.

Somehow, she managed to keep her attention on my cock and balls, and we both started bucking our hips simultaneously. I felt my balls jerk as her legs started to shudder. My cock started squirting jet after jet of hot, thick cream into her mouth. She screamed, squeezing her thighs around my face like a vice, and shook violently as wave after wave of pleasure jolted through her body.

She relaxed on top of me, and let her body droop. She was like a tiny rag doll on top of me, seemingly spent. Her hand continued to absent-mindedly stroke my cock, milking the last few drops from my balls. She occasionally pressed her pussy into my face, tensing up for some aftershocks of the powerful orgasm I had given her. We both slowed our movements, and she eventually turned her body around, put her head on my chest and her hand on my shoulder, smiled and closed her eyes. Just before she drifted off, she whispered, "merci".