 Continued from Part 1. Please read that first then come on back! 

______

As I stood in that terrible place, a dozen thoughts rushed through my head. I began to feel paranoid that this had been staged and she had played some elaborate hustle on me, but that didn't add up. There was only one explanation; Mary had been abducted. 

In a panic, I got back in my car and drove off in a hurry. I wasn't sure where I was going, but decided to go by her parents place one more time, then to the police. I hesitated about going straight to the cops because I didn't know if my role in all this had been legal either. All I knew was that I had grown desperately fond of Mary and needed to protect her, to save her.

I pulled up outside Mary's parents place and to my immense relief, the front door was open and I saw her father in the front room. I parked outside and heard shouting coming from the front room. I heard Mary's voice and my heart raced. I didn't think of any possible consequences and got out of the car.

I marched straight in through their front door and assessed the situation. Her mom was sitting in the corner looking dazed and her father was standing over Mary, who was sitting on the couch. I saw a used needle lying on the floor. As soon as she saw me, Mary yelled my name, got up and tried to run towards me. Her father pushed her back down roughly, saying "Sit down, you dumb bitch," and that was all I needed to hear. I wasn't a violent man, but I could take this creep. I went over to him, but spoke to Mary without taking my eye off him. 

"Mary, you OK?"

"No, please help me, I..."

"You want me to get you out of here?" I didn't want to force her into anything. This had to be her decision and I had to be certain she wanted to come with me.

"Yes! I..." Her father slapped her face and then came at me. I got him in a Half Nelson hold and then told Mary to get in my car. She ran out fast, grabbing a few things on the way out, including her envelope of cash. Her Mother just sat there and I could tell she was full of junk. I watched Mary go and then whispered in her Father's ear "Now. We're not gonna see you again. You come near her again or even if I see you again, I'll break your arm. And that's just the beginning. She's gone from your life now. Figure out another way to get your dirty money." 

"You're...the guy...from..." I tightened my grip on him and he yelped in pain. 

"That's right. I'm also your worst nightmare." I needed to sound as badass as I could muster and I could appear pretty tough when I needed to be. This wasn't in my nature, but my love for Mary had put me in a blind rage. "Now, how'd you find us?" I whispered menacingly in his ear.

"A guy I know saw her out and followed..." he replied and I'd heard enough. I let him go and then slugged him across the jaw. He folded onto the couch. I'd never punched anyone before and was shocked at how much it hurt my fist, but my adrenaline was going and I tried to ignore it.

Mary's mother just sat there with her mouth open and she appeared to be unconscious. This family was pretty fucked up. I looked at the father one more time with a grimace. 

"Take her. Good riddance, I say," he shouted after me as I left. 

I got back in the car and Mary and I drove off. My hand was throbbing and I wondered if I might have broken it. I looked over at Mary and she was basically curled up in a ball. Quickly making sure she was OK, I started heading back over to my place.

"Who broke into my place? Was it just your dad?"

"Yeah. And my mom, I guess," she mumbled. I figured I could talk to her about it later, but I wanted to make sure there wasn't anyone else coming after her.

"You OK to go back there?" I asked.

She just nodded but didn't look at me. She was crying and shaking. Returning to my apartment, I put her in bed, wrapped her up and made tea. The front door was fucked up so I called the landlord and told him we'd had a break in. Unfortunately, that meant involving the police.

I went back to Mary, who was still lying in bed and she appeared to be in shock. She hadn't said a word since we got back. I looked at her and saw that she had a bruise on her face and bruises on her arm and waist. Fuck. Now, I felt regret that I hadn't beaten her father to a pulp. "You OK, sweetie?" I ventured to ask.

She looked at me and with tears welling in her eyes, sat up and gave me a giant, tight hug. "Oh, Richard," and she let out all her emotion and tears while I comforted her.

"You're safe now."

"I may never be safe. Oh, baby. I thought that was it. I thought he'd take me back to that place and I'd never see you again, I..." she cried, then broke off.

"I wouldn't have let that happen, Mary. I'll protect you, no matter what, alright?" Mary kissed me sweetly and I felt those feelings of guilt coming back. Even though we had spent all this last week having sex, once again, I started to feel like it was wrong. "So, babe. The police are going to come over because of the break-in. You want to tell them everything?"

"Oh, no no no," she said, her eyes wide.

"OK, then, we'll need to get our story straight then. For one thing, your face and body are bruised, and my hand..."

Mary looked at my hand in shock and more tears fell down her pretty cheek. My hand was swollen and red and hurt like a motherfucker. "Oh, baby, what did he do to you?" she asked me.

"His jaw connected sharply with my fist, Mary." She looked at me with a half-smile at my attempted joke.

"Oh. I see," she said. "Thank you, Richard. You're my knight in shining armor," she said and kissed me again.

"OK, so how do we explain all this?" We went over a story. I had defended her from her abusive ex-boyfriend. The break in was a coincidence, we thought, but happened while we were out dealing with him. I had lost my temper and punched him. I put my laptop and television in the closet to make it look like they had been stolen.

We also hid the envelope of cash that Mary had. It now contained nearly $10,000, money she had earned when her father had pimped her out. 

Soon after, the landlord arrived with the police. They had a lot of questions and eyed me suspiciously when they saw my hand and her face. I would have concluded the same thing, but my landlord, who I had known for years, backed me up as a spontaneous character reference. "You want to press charges, ma'am?" the officer asked Mary, looking at me with a firm eye.

"No sir, he defended me. He'd never hurt me, I swear," she said, and her truthfulness was convincing.

The officer handed her a card. "If you ever need anything, don't hesitate to call," he said, then they left. The landlord called a locksmith and they were able to repair the door and the lock. I asked him to install a double lock at my expense.

That night, we lay in bed together, but I wasn't feeling in the least bit in the mood to fuck Mary. I was pretty certain that I loved her now and of course, had plenty but lust and desire for her, but after what she'd been though, sex didn't enter my mind. She cuddled up to me and we just stayed there together, talking softly and comforting each other. 

"Richard, there's something I never told you."

"What, my dear?"

"When I said that every guy who...er...had me in that room...um...had used a condom, it wasn't true. My uncle, my father's brother had come to see me. My father had gone off somewhere and uncle Tony was supposed to watch me and take care of business, but he..."

Mary broke off. Oh, god. This poor, sweet girl. I felt a sharp pang in my chest as I thought about all she had been through, and that I had paid to fuck her as well. I hated myself for doing it and wondered if I could ever forgive myself, even if Mary had done so a long time ago.

Mary went on. "He forced himself on me," is all she said and went silent. I just held her and didn't know what to say.

"He raped you?"

"I don't know. He gave me fifty bucks, after...so, I don't know what it was. But he took me against my will, so...yes. I suppose so."

"I'm so sorry, sweetheart. I'm sorry for everything," I said but it was hopelessly inadequate. "Do you want to be alone?"

Mary held on to me even tighter. "Never leave me," she said and we went to sleep. 

_______

The next day, we just hung around quietly and didn't leave the apartment, even though I probably should have had my hand looked at. Mary and I had a lot to discuss, but I didn't want to pressure her to talk about anything so soon, so I took it slowly. Sitting on the couch, I asked her, "Do you think he'll be back, Mary? I mean, I made myself pretty clear, but I don't know him..."

"Maybe. You know what he's capable of, Richard."

"We should consider moving then."

She just sighed and looked at me. "I don't want to move. This is our home and despite what happened, I still feel safe here." I couldn't quite agree about feeling safe, but I didn't want to move either. I also doubted that moving would make much difference. Mary sat on my knee, put her arms around my neck and kissed me, slowly and deeply. My body reacted and Mary let out a long moan.

She sat back and unbuttoned her shirt all the way down. Pulling it open, she revealed her breasts to me. She had a perfectly petite body and her titties were like two little apples, still puffy and budding. I let out a long sigh as I looked at her. "Suck on my titties, Richard," she whispered and raised her arms above her head in surrender. I was now delirious with desire for her, but after what she had told me about her uncle, it felt completely wrong to touch her that way.

I put my head down on her chest and held her close. I felt her small breasts against my stubbly cheek, but I didn't suckle on them. "What are you doing, my love?" she asked me.

I sat back up, closed her shirt and looked at her. "Mary, after what you told me, I can't, I..."

"Oh, baby," she said, cradling my head in her hands. "Why did I have to fall for such a good man?"

"I'm not a good man, I..."

"You rescued me, you saved me. You're noble and honorable. And I love you."

"I love you too, Mary." It was the first time I'd said it and she blushed, letting out a sweet smile full of sunshine.

"This is how I want to show my love for you," she said and pulled her shirt open again. Once again, I marveled at the perfection of her young figure as Mary wriggled around slowly against my erection. "As far as I'm concerned, Richard, I was a virgin until you had me in your bed last week. Before that, nothing matters," she said sweetly and brought a nipple up to my lip. I kissed her very gently as her nipple hardened and it felt miraculous.

"I have to help you, protect you, take care of you. I can't do anything ever again to hurt or abuse you, Mary."

"I know, darling," she said softly and caressed the back of my head as she fed me her tiny tit. "This is how you can take care of me." I sucked on her beautiful nipple, as gently as I could and it felt like the most wonderful moment in the world, even with all the guilt and pain inside me. I never wanted it to end, but Mary wanted more.

She put her hand under her ass and squeezed my hard dick as she continued to wriggle around. She took her nipple out of my mouth and moved slightly over to feed me the other. I was fully blissed out as she stroked my cock while sitting on my knee. Mary let out a few irresistible high pitched groans as I softly sucked on her titties and felt overwhelmed by her. 

Mary lifted her ass a little bit and unzipped my fly, found my cock and pulled it out, stroking it softly before positioning it underneath her and sitting back down. I felt her press against the tip, only her panties preventing me from penetrating her. I pulled my head up from her breast and looked at her. "I can't do it, Mary. Not today, not after what happened to you."

"It will make me feel better, darling," she insisted.

"I'm sorry," I said, and picked her up, putting her on the couch next to me. She hardly weighed a thing, so repositioning her was easy for me. What I didn't count on was the fact that my large cock would then be sticking upright, pointing at the ceiling. Before I could put it back in its place and zip up, Mary grabbed it, let out a little giggle and leaned over, taking it in her mouth. 

I gasped as a wave of intense pleasure hit me. Mary gave me full, deep head and I just sat there unable to move or resist. We both started moaning and groaning and my hands reached under her body to massage her breasts, as if moved by forces beyond my control. "Mary, please, I don't want to...uh..." I tried to object. I truly didn't want to do this now, it felt so wrong.

She came up for air. "You can come in my mouth or you can come in my pussy, baby. Those are your only two choices," she said with a cute smile, before going down on me again. I touched her hair as she brought my long, thick cock deep into her mouth, but I still wasn't convinced.

"Mary, this feels wrong," I said with some force and tried to move away. She sat up and wiped the side of her mouth, her tits exposed, a look of sultry heat in her eye.

"Don't you like me anymore, Richard?" she said coyly.

"Don't be silly," I said and put my cock away. 

"Bored of me already, sir?" she said, smiling.

"Never."

"Then, you don't want to kiss my tight little pussy?"

"You know I do."

"Or suck on my baby titties?" she said in a cute voice, arching her back. She stood up over me, unzipped the side of her skirt and pulled it down, then took off her shirt. She was left only in her panties and socks. She sat down next to me, looked at me and pulled them off her feet. Then, she lifted her ass and rolled off her panties, handing them to me. "There you go, mister," she said, picked up the remote control for the TV and put on a movie.

"Oh! I love this film!" she said excitedly, lifted one leg on the couch and spread out the other, fully exposing her naked pussy. She lay back, put her arms behind her head and stretched out. She was the most amazing sight I'd ever seen, her perfectly petite young body fully revealed and vulnerable, bruises and all. "This is the one where the jazz musicians dress up as ladies to escape the mob. It's got Marilyn Monroe in it. I've seen it before."

She just sat there as if nothing was happening and all I could do was sit there stupidly and stare, or try not to stare. She glanced over at me and I saw she had a little smile on her lips. "If you want to take a picture then go and jerk yourself off, that's fine. I don't mind." She was enjoying this.

"It's called Some Like It Hot, sweetie." We were watching the scene where Tony Curtis is pretending to be impotent so Marilyn will seduce him. It was incredibly sexy and my cock started throbbing. 

"My god, she's so gorgeous. How could any man resist that?" I didn't respond. "Tell me Richard, it is possible for a guy to resist a sexy girl when she makes overt advances?" she looked at me and started fiddling with her clit. She let out little moans as the scene went on. "Damn it, I'm so horny, I'm gonna have to masturbate. You don't mind do you?"

Mary started fingering herself with one hand and tickling her clit with the other. "Richard, fetch my vibrator would you, please?" she said matter-of-factly and I just sat there like an idiot. "Go on, quickly. It's in my night stand. Hurry!" she insisted and I got up and grabbed it for her. She snatched it out of my hand, turned it on and gently started to rub it against her. "Uhhhhhh..." she said and let out a long moan. "That's nearly as good as your tongue, Richard."

She spread out and put both her feet up on couch, fingering herself and pleasuring herself with the vibrator. I started to enjoy the scene, just taking it all in. She wasn't shy. "You still watching the movie, hon, or mind if I change the channel?" I said. I switched it over to the basketball, but of course I didn't care about anything other than this little lady next to me.

I looked at her and she had her eyes closed. She was breathing hard and rocking her hips back and forth as her pleasure grew. I toyed with the idea of putting her on my lap, or getting on my knees in front of her, but I resisted for now. I was conflicted, because I didn't want to be an asshole, but she was making it pretty clear she wanted sex.

"Want some help there, little lady?" I said and moved over towards her, putting my arm around her but not touching her.

"Um, no. I'm..fine..." she said, out of breath. It had been about ten minutes and she hadn't appeared to have come yet. "You...just watch your game there and I'll..." she broke off and seemed to be slightly frustrated. My arm went around her back and I put it on her waist. She felt amazing. I gave her a little squeeze. "Just raise that hand a few inches, be a good boy," she whispered as the vibrator hummed away.

I put my hand on her tit and gave her a little squeeze. She moaned and it seemed to help. "Got another free hand, sir?" she said and I put my other hand on her knee.

"Is that good?"

"It could be better. North, please." I brought my hand up to that delicious little fold where her legs reached her hips. I put a finger in there, inches from her pussy. "Just a touch to the right," she whispered and my fingers landed on her mound of joy. I caressed her delicate whisp of pubic hair as she let out a long moan and let the vibrator fall towards the opening of her little pink box. "An inch to the south," she said, in a barely discernible voice.

My fingers found her clitoris as I massaged her breast with my sore hand and the vibrator kept on humming. I made little circles on my love's rosebud and she responded with sweet moans and closed her eyes. "It might feel wrong, honey, but I could use your tongue right about now," she said after a minute or so.

I got down on my knees in front of her and she put her feet on my shoulders, then tossed the vibrator aside as I kissed her flower. "It feels right to me," she said as I played with her with my tongue. It wasn't long before she started to climax, and with that came lots of loud swearing, grinding and giggling. "I knew I'd be impossible to resist, lover boy," she said as her body relaxed. I sat back on the sofa next to her when she was all finished.

"I'd still like to be fucked, Richard," she said, putting one leg over mine. My mind was saying no, but my dick was popping up to say hello again. The erotic intensity had temporarily taken my mind off the pain in my hand.

"Not tonight, Mary, I'm sorry. I can't. Can we just cuddle?" I said, feeling pathetic.

"OK, sweetie. Tomorrow then," she replied, and kissed me.

"We'll see," I said cryptically as we cuddled up and I change the channel back to the movie. Looking over at her and seeing the bruises on her face and body, I felt like a better person for not fucking her that night. She remained nude for the rest of the evening however, and when we went to bed she insisted I be nude as well, so we could be close.

I read to her as she cuddled up, her little body intertwined with mine, her face resting on my shoulder. As I read her some Shakespeare Sonnets and James Joyce, she started to make circles on my stomach with her fingernail and it felt electric. I should never have read erotic poetry. Putting the book down and turning off the light, I kissed her on the forehead and made as if I wanted to go to sleep.

The circles continued, however, and I got hard as I lay there. I felt her body slowly grinding, her leg over mine, her pussy pressed up against my hip. She slipped her hand down and cupped my balls, letting out a little moan as she did. So did I. After the activity this evening, I was in no position to refuse her. "I still don't want to fuck, not tonight, baby," I said as she slowly started stroking me from balls to tip and back again.

"I know," she whispered. "But let me thank you for saving me, the best way I know how." She moved her body down and kissed the tip of my cock, then took my entire length in her mouth. I heard her gag a little as her lips brushed against my pubic hair. It was an incredibly impressive feat for such a little girl and I didn't stop her. The pleasure was like nothing I'd ever thought possible.
