 (This is for guys that like a blowjob and toy usage on themselves with sex included. Just imagine this is you I am doing this to!)

*

I come home and you are sound asleep on the sofa. I was shocked that you was nude, but it got me so 'DAMN" excited that my pussy started itching. My thongs got so fucking 'WET' and 'CREAMY', that I had to get undressed. 

I got on my knees and started licking you all over. You are so into your nap, that you don't even know what I am doing. I lick the head of your cock and all around the head. You move a little, so I stop. Then you settle down. So I lick your most sensitive spot under your pee slit, which makes your cock get even harder.

Your breathing gets louder and your heart starts beating faster. You are in a deep sleep and you are dreaming, you are getting a blowjob. Which in reality you are, but you don't realize that.

I suck on the head of cock and make my mouth feel like my pussy is squeezing your cock. I deep throat you fast and hold down, which makes you moan in your sleep. That makes you so 'DAMN' hard, that you hump my mouth. 

I come back up and start sucking the head of your cock again, but with more suction. I pop off the head of your cock with a popping sound. I lick all the way down to your balls. I lick you so much, that if you had been awake it would have felt like someone had peed on you. 

I put as much of your balls in my mouth as I can get and suck on them as they roll around in my mouth. I lick your balls again and make you moan. I lick under your balls, then lick lower and lower. Then I lick your asshole. 

You start squirming in your sleep, as I stick my tongue in your ass and tongue fuck you. You start moaning so loud and squirming, that it wakes you up. That is, when you figure out it was not a dream but reality. 

You grab your cock and start stroking yourself, as I stick my finger in your ass, while tongue fucking you! I lick your ass again and then come back up and lick the head of your cock, as you stroke yourself. I reach for my small vibrator I had hidden under the cushions, that you did not know was there. 

I turn the vibrator on and place it on your rosebud. I rub your asshole with it, while you stroke your cock faster and faster. I see your balls tighten up and know if you don't edge, then you will cum. So I tell you to stop stroking and edge. 

You finally tell me it has subsided and for me to continue. So I insert the vibrator slowly into your ass, until it is all the way in. I leave it in your ass and straddle you and sit on your cock. You have a hold of the vibrator to keep it in your ass. 

Your cock slides so easily in my pussy since I am soaked and 'SO DAMN HORNY'. I ride your cock until we are so hot and sweaty, that we know it is getting close for both of us. I reach behind me and grab your balls and fondle them. 

You feel your balls tighten up to the max and you can't hold back and you 'EXPLODE'. It sets me off and my pussy is squeezing your cock so 'DAMN' hard, that it feels like I am squeezing your cock in half! 

We finally realize that not only is this the best cum we have ever had, but it is the best sex, cause it started out as a dream for you and I made it come true!