 This is the third of three stories devoted to the larger ladies... Bless you all

*

She'd flown last night and the flight had been routed over western Nevada and Arizona and then a slow turn toward the city. Over that terrain and that late in the settling evening the only thing visible was desert and not much else. When she'd landed and collected thing and arrived at the airport limousine service it was already dark. It was almost sixty miles further north before the limousine pulled up to the hotel's lobby entrance. She'd checked in and gone straight to her room without dinner. I called about an hour later and I must've wakened her from a nap or possibly she was already in bed. She said the flight was nice and the area seemed bleak. We talked a bit more and as usual I told her how horny I was feeling. She'd surprised me by telling me that she was feeling that way too and was looking forward to finally meeting me in person. I could have picked her up to stay at my place but she wanted to see how we got along before committing.

The next morning I was up early and filled a large paper bag and stashed stuff in the BMW and put the top down. I know an old world delicatessen nearby that makes the best of everything... and I had a wicker basket and a large Gingham towel to line it. I filled the cooler with ice at the station, filled the gas and put a bottle of light wine and four plastic bottles of Diet Coke into the ice. At the Deli I managed two loaves of fresh unsliced bread, freshly fried chicken, some great sliced deli meats, two types of salad, a small jar of honey ambrosia, condiments and a great fresh fruit pie... strawberry for desert. I even added some chocolates.

When I got to the hotel she was out front and was dressed to knock my eyes out. She wore a kind of wrap dress cut just above the knees. The wrap looked as if would come off with a gentle tug and there were no sleeves but tiny shoulder straps. Her breasts were full and the valley between them seemed deep and inviting. She wore a dainty shoe that also looked like it could be used in walking. Her full hips were accentuated by the wrap and her long hair was held in back by a clasp. She had two large pockets in front and it looked as if she might be carrying only a small wallet. I stared open mouthed and she smiled as she approached and whispered that I was embarrassing her... and she loved it. I had picked wisely! She was every bit a woman... and my mind warped back to last night when she said she was horny.

Her hair matched her complexion perfectly. I opened the door and kissed her cheek before holding her hand as she lowered herself into the seat and swung her legs inside and stretched them out. I watched fascinated as she smoothed the hem and it was so short when she was seated that I could enjoy much of her inner thigh. She bunched the material between her legs and looked up at me and smiled when she noticed where I was staring.

I was more than a little unsettled as I walked around the car and got in. I'd left the engine running and shifted into first and we were gone... leaving the guests and doorman gawking in admiration. I handed her a large scarf I'd brought for her hair and she put it on. I pulled onto the highway and headed north. Within minutes we were passing variegated sandstone and each block's size seemed to increase as they drove. I took it just past ninety and held it there as we began to enter red and white mixed in with yellow and white sandstone. Soon we were on a winding road that climbed into the hills and came to our first real trees. We passed through them and entered the pines. Ten miles further we were near the spot I'd picked.

I turned off a small dirt road and wound through the trees perhaps another five miles. We saw no one after leaving the highway and very few while driving up on the highway. It was late in season and we'd already had a few thunderstorms up here. Today was beautiful. The sky was a beautiful blue with just a few towering thunderheads around the horizon. The clouds were majestic and the purest white. The trees were dense and soon a small stream burbled along the road's edge. Another mile and I pulled back behind a stand of pines and parked.

I kissed her then and felt myself come to life. I had studied her as I drove and occasionally a bit of breeze would catch her skirt about the same time she'd reach to hold on as we entered a curve. The skirt billowed against perfect unblemished skin and I was certain almost... that she was wearing no panties. Ninety miles an hour is perfect for window shopping.

I got out of the car and helped her out before grabbing the stuff I'd prepared. I led her through fifty yards of dense trees and then the trees opened out onto a gently sloping lush green meadow with a sparkling mountain stream. The water was fresh, clear and cold from the melting snow a few miles higher.

Still holding her hand I led her up to the stream and kneeled for a handful of water and brought it up to her lips. I teased her about wading in it and turned to set my baggage down. When I turned she'd taken off her shoes and was stepping into it. I rushed to her and took her hand. She almost fell and then I explained how deep some of these streams are and how fast the water is actually moving... much faster than it appears at a glance. All of the water form this narrow stream widened a few yards further. The stream there was more than ten feet wide and still more than a foot deep. People lose their footing from the slick rocks as well as the strength of current. Still she smiled and waded in water well above her knees for a few minutes until her feet were numb with cold.

I helped her up the small bank, picked up her shoes and escorted her back to where I'd dumped the stuff. I pulled out a waterproof tarp and spread it and then two thin blankets. Finally I drove a tent peg into the ground at opposite corners. She asked about the tent pegs but I wasn't ready to disclose all my secrets yet. She hadn't eaten breakfast and it was approaching one in the afternoon so I helped her sit down and then let her open the basket and chest to select what she'd like.

I'd forgotten some very important stuff and ran back to the car for it while was getting ready. When I returned with a large paper bag she explained there were no plates or utensils. Voila! I handed them to her and before she could continue I pulled something else from the bag. I kneeled next to her and removed the cap. It had taken me a week to find it because I guess most people don't use it, but I'd finally found it and had it shipped in overnight .

As I poured some into my palm she asked what it was. I held it to her to smell and she said it smelled good but wanted to know what it was. I asked her to taste it and she was unsure for a moment but gave in and put her tongue into my palm as she looked up at me. The view of her smile, her cleavage, her moist pink tongue and I was ready for anything. I really wanted her. 

She tasted it and said it was delicious but still wanted to know about it. I moved forward and applied it to her shoulders and then pushed her back and applied more to her face, neck ears and arms. She asked if it would draw insects and I told her it was guaranteed not to. She took the bottle from my hand and read the label. It was flavored edible oil with a high screen blocker PF against ultraviolet rays and sunburns. She smiled and said thanks.

I asked her if I shouldn't put some on her legs also and possibly her cleavage. She smiled and said that she'd been wondering when I was going to get to that. I was a bit embarrassed at being so transparent but the way she said it and her smile told me it was okay.

I started with her feet and worked up her ankles and calves. When I got to her knees she pulled the dress slowly up as I worked. Her skin was finer than velvet and delicious to my gaze and my feel. I paused and leaned forward and kissed her thigh just above her knee. When I looked up she'd pulled the hem above her waist and she was wearing nothing beneath. Her mons was lightly covered with a sparse short fur. She sometimes shaved but after making our plans she'd decided to let it grow.

I moved more slowly and my eyes darted from the invitation of her thighs to her eyes and wet lips and returned again and again. Finally I was almost there as I smoothed the lotion between her thighs and then along the outside of her lips and across her mons. Her eyes were closed and a small keening moan escaped her lips. I continued oiling and massaging her tummy and then asked her to open the wrap so I didn't get the oil on her dress. She obliged me by removing it and folding it into a corner of the blanket.

It was my first true view of her body. She was magnificent as a larger lady and wore no bra. Every part of her fit and accented every other part. Her nipples were rigid in the warm air and only a touch of breeze. She'd taken off the scarf and left it on the seat in the car and her hair lay as a perfect frame around her face and shoulders. I'd stopped applying lotion long enough to savor and drink of her and now I hurried. I didn't want any part of her burned from the sun at this altitude. It takes a far shorter time to burn at altitude than at sea level.

I coated her tummy and tasted it and investigated her navel. I prolonged my reach for her breasts as long as I could but eventually I had to give in and touch those majestic accents to her beauty. I've never seen more perfect breasts. They are large and precisely formed with cherries of invitation at each peak. I poured extra lotion and began. She moaned at every touch, every movement of my fingers and every kiss from my lips. Soon I raised her arms and applied lotion under each and she giggled from the tickle.

I rolled her over and began working down from her shoulders while still massaging as I traveled. When I got to her waist I straddled her back and used both hands to massage it and then her hips and her cheeks. I loved the roundness of her bottom and my member was rigid and feeling neglected. It wanted. I wanted her more than any gal I'd been with. I spread her cheeks and ran lubricated fingers between them and across her rosebud. She seemed to raise her hips against my fingers as I crossed it and so I returned and circled it, massaging the oil deeply before proceeding onward to her pussy. 

This time I covered the area outside her lips, but I also entered and coated her inside and as she spread her legs and then pulled one knee forward I reached under and found her clit. I circled it and her moan was loud and I continued and finally I closed my finger and thumb around it and stroked it lightly. She was rigid and vocal as she thanked me and told me how much she needed it.

By this time I'd nearly climaxed several times without being touched. I continued down the back of her thighs and slowly drew to depressing close. She was protected and I dutifully moved off her back. I still sat on my knees staring and appreciating when she turned her head, opened her eyes and smiled. She thanked me and reached lazily to my jeans.

She touched me and I wondered briefly if she felt any of the pent up desire that I felt. Her hand closed on me through the jeans and she licked her lips and sat up. She wanted to put lotion on me next and I explained that I was accustomed to the sun and had a solid tan. She agreed and then reminded me what I'd told her about burning swiftly at altitude as she took the bottle from me.

She pushed me onto my back and insisted that I open the large western buckle on my belt as she tried to remove my boots. Eventually I hooked a toe on the back of the boot and helped her. It felt good to be out of the boots and to loosen that buckle. She busied herself now at opening each button and spreading my fly. She reached in under the white briefs and found me hard and stretched. She closed her eyes and licked her lips and released me.

She opened each of the tiny western buttons on my shirt and peeled it back and then worked to remove it and my tee shirt. I helped and then she returned to the jeans. She moved to her knees between my legs and grabbed both briefs and jeans and pulled them down. Jeans are sometimes tight and I had to assist them over my ass as she pulled them the rest of the way off. She left my socks on and whistled as she stared at my manhood and then picked up one leg and crossed it over the other before flipping me onto my tummy. 

She repeated nearly everything as I'd done it except she was nude and I kept turning to get a better look. Each time it seemed I needed only a moment and I wanted to refresh my vision of her. She reached my ass and rubbed it while commenting how narrow and strong my hips were. She told me that she loved men with tiny firm asses. As she spread my cheeks and repeated the oiling across my own rosebud... I tightened up. She pulled her hand back and slapped my cheek hard and told me not to tighten up.

It was difficult but finally I managed to release long enough for her to finish. She reached under as she bent over. Her breasts were naked and hot against my ass, her arms firm around my hips and her hands closed on my cock and balls. She kissed my back as she fondled me and stroked my hard as I turned very slightly to my side. She must've sensed how close I was as she abruptly sat up and slapped my ass twice. I settled quickly and she continued.

When she'd finished my shoulders, neck and ears she asked me to roll over on my back again. I did and she kissed me. She covered my face and neck and then my chest. Her fingers toyed with my nipples and she kissed them several times. She drew them into her mouth the way I had hers and she bit them gently. When she was at my waist my manhood was throbbing and must have been purple with my need.

She turned around and swung one knee over me and straddled my chest as she worked lower. From this vantage point I could see her her ass and pussy and feel my urge all the way through my crotch. I brought my arms out from under her and then spread her cheeks as I leaned forward and traced from her back down and across and then scooted myself lower as I pulled her thighs back toward me. Momentarily she raised one knee and brought it back and then the other knee until she could lower herself to my hungry tongue and lips.

As I pulled her hips down to my face her hands closed around me and I could feel the oil as her hands slid along me. I used my chin to pull her hood back and finally reach her clit with my mouth. Her mouth closed on my head at nearly the same instant and we each moaned in the pleasure of the moment.

She pulled back and whispered that I was even larger than I'd told her. She said that she hoped it would be okay as she returned and I felt her mouth tight on me as she began to bob and seemed to slowly surround me. Finally she had my head fully surrounded and I heard her giggling at her success. I paused to for an instant and whispered that she was far sweeter than she'd told me and returned to my work.

Usually my oral can draw a lady away from what she's doing but this time I was so aroused after such a lengthy period and tease that although I tried I couldn't do it. Perhaps ten minutes of the most beautiful oral I'd participated in and I was almost ready to cum when I heard her announce that she was. I drove my tongue in deep and stroked her as my fingers worked her clit. I've learned a little about a lady's g-spot and know that some ladies can cum hard from it. She dropped her pussy to my face and ground my chin against her pubic bone and I knew she was going to cum. The news was so exciting that when she did and I tasted that first splash around my tongue and on my face... it was the trigger that cause me to ride up and over, I spilled forth again and again and she attempted to follow me as I followed her.

I'd never been certain that two people could climax that way, together from oral but now I knew. I cleaned as much and as quickly as I could and my head fell back against the blankets. She'd collapsed over me and was slower in getting her breath back. Her breasts even during my recovery were sweet, hot and pleasant against me. And I was fully aware of her body the entire time. 

Eventually she crawled away and lay down as I turned and lay beside her. I held her, kissed her and thanked her. I thanked her for being herself, for being here, for being with me and letting me. Her finger came to my mouth and she shushed me and then kissed me.

A short fifteen minute nap and I was awake. As I sat up she did too and we had lunch. Her taste was still in my mouth and it was the sweetest lunch I'd ever had. When dinner was complete I brought out the strawberry pie. We'd only have a small piece now but she cut it and put some on each plate. I hardly touched mine as she ate hardily. When she'd finished she asked if I wasn't hungry and I showed her that I was as I pushed her back on the blanket and spooned the cream over her breasts and placed a large strawberry on each.

I ate one berry and cleaned a breast, but when I came to the second I picked it up between my lips and shared it with her. I used a finger to swipe a spoonful of cream from her nipple and gave it to her. Now we kissed long and we explored.

When finished I put my arms over my head as I lay down again. I ignored her and feigned sleep for awhile. When I heard her slow soft breathing beside me I opened an eye and studied her. She was asleep with her arms mimicking mine. Quietly I sat up and reached for the small bag that I'd placed inside the paper one under everything else. I removed one thickly padded Velcro strap and bound her wrists together and then wrapped another around one ankle. I removed two pieces of nylon cord and fastened her wrists to one of the tent stakes I'd driven earlier and then crawled down and secured just the one ankle to the opposing stake. I managed to slide the center of the blindfold under head and gently lay it across her eyes and snap the Velcro shut. If she hadn't been so tired from the travel and our exercise earlier she might have wakened, but she didn't.

Now I removed three small fine camel's hair brushes and began to tease her. It may sound cruel but she'd written a story about it and we'd discussed her fantasy before. I'd warned her that I might act it out for her some day and she'd laughed. She may have been expecting it but probably not this soon or in this place. I'd read her story enough to nearly memorize it and began to follow along the plot.

I gently raised her free leg over my shoulder and then put one arm around it and reached up to tickle one delicious nipple with a brush. Her body twitched and a soft sleepy moan was music in my ears. I moved to the other nipple and noticed her arm try to react and then relax. I continued teasing and she smiled in her sleep. I moved the brush to her tummy and circled her navel again and again. Finally I lowered the brush to her mons and stroked it and watched her move. Her face seemed to indicate she might be waking but with the mask in place I couldn't see her eyes. Her lower lip pulled back and her upper teeth seemed to grip it.

I slowly spread her lips and lifted the hood and teased her clit with the brush. She was awake now and moaning so I paused and then brought the wet brush to her lips and painted them. I was in position and so I held my cock just below the head and smoothed it over her clit while pausing occasionally to enjoy it myself. Slowly I lowered my grip and pushed it between her lips. I didn't enter her pussy but just her lips. I wet myself thoroughly as her moisture increased and then I moved back and kissed those lips. I felt so aroused that I did more than kiss and then I stopped and abruptly lowered her leg and moved aside. I sat unmoving for minutes before she finally asked what I was doing and where I'd gone.
