 The Harley purred with power as he gunned it down the highway, moving effortlessly through the traffic. It felt good to be out on the road again, the bright spring sun shining down, the breeze caressing his face. He pulled off at the exit quickly working his way through the neighborhood and parking the big bike in her driveway. He pulled off his helmet, set it on the bike, and walked to the door. It was opening before he even had a chance to knock.

"Is that thing loud enough? I heard you coming a mile away."

"It's a hog, that's the way I like 'em." He replied grinning. He could see the gleam of excitement in her eyes.

"I know, I know. Let me get my helmet"

He admired her as she went back inside her tight leather pants and jacket showing off all her luscious curves. She was back out in a moment, looking as good from the front as she had from the back. He mounted the bike and started the engine feeling her getting on behind him, her arms wrapping around his waist her legs pressed against his. He backed out of the driveway and headed to the highway, feeling the press of her body against him.

Soon they were on the highway, heading into the mountains. She could feel the steady vibration of the bike's engine between her legs. Like a rhythmic massage of her thighs and ass. She pressed herself down harder against the seat keeping her hands tight around his waist as the motor's vibration began to send exciting tingles through her pussy. 

The mountains seemed to be flying passed them and she tried to concentrate on their magnificent splendor as they rode down I-70. Genesse, Evergreen, Idaho Springs all flashed by as they roared down I-70, but the tingle was growing deeper and more demanding inside her. Her nipples were hard and she rubbed herself against his back. Then they were slowing down and getting off the highway at Empire, taking the winding road up to Berthoud Pass. Her desire was increasing as the twisting and turning of the bike on the winding road pushed her harder against the vibrating seat.

She worked her hands down into his lap and she felt him jump a bit when she started rubbing his crotch. She could tell that the ride was exciting for him too. She worked her hand under the waistband of his pants and underwear till she had his cock in her hand. She could feel him respond to her touch growing harder as they rode. She felt the bike skid a little as she gripped him, but he brought it smoothly back under control.

Before she knew it he was pulling off on to a little side road and pulling into a small grove of trees hidden from the road. The bike came to a skidding stop and he was up and off the bike in a moment. His helmet thudding to the ground and with a quick motion her helmet joined his and his lips were hard and insistent on hers. The kiss was long and deep and his hands roamed her leather clad body. Slowly he unzipped her leather jacket and exposed her breasts to the sun. He cupped her breasts, squeezing and pinching her nipples with his fingers. He let one hand slide down her body. Rubbing her pussy through her leather pants, she groaned and thrust her hips up to meet his hand. The zipper on her pants was next as his mouth moved to her aching nipples, sucking one then the other into his mouth, leaving a wet trail between them. She arched her back and leaned back farther on the bike her legs spread out on either side.

He unzipped her pants and let his hand slide inside, one finger sliding between the swollen lips of her pussy, stroking and rubbing. He could feel her thrusting up, moving her pussy against his hand. He straddled the bike sitting on the gas tank sucking on her hard, swollen nipples as he continued to rub her pussy.

"Get up, lets get those pants off" he hissed.

They both stood up from the bike, shedding their clothes then moved back on to the bike. He could smell her now, her scent mixing with the smell of evergreens. Truly intoxicating, he could feel his cock hard and urgent, throbbing with desire. He kissed her again, moving closer pulling her legs up over his so she was straddling his lap, his cock rubbing trapped against her belly. He could feel her lips spreading open allowing his cock to rub against her, could feel her juices making them both slick.

His hands moved to her ass, cupping the firm cheeks and raising her higher, till his cock was poised at the entrance to her hot depths. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he slowly lowered her down, impaling her on his rigid member. He groaned low in his throat as her tight pussy slowly forced itself down his cock. So tight, he thrust up hard and fast and buried the rest of his cock deep inside her. She tried to climb away from the sudden thrust but the pressure was amazing and she settled herself down hard on his insistent cock.

He could feel her muscles working inside, stroking and massaging his cock in her pussy. He thrust up again lifting them both off the seat of the bike. He kissed her hard and deep his tongue exploring her mouth, feeling her throbbing nipples rub against his chest. Her scent was filling his nostrils mingling with the evergreens and there was nothing but her in his mind. He felt her shift her legs her feet finding the foot rests. Suddenly she was moving hard and fast on his cock, pushing her self up and down with wild determination.

He moved to suck one swollen breast into his mouth and heard her moan and felt her arch her back at the contact. Her relentless attack on his cock didn't stop though. He let one hand slide down one finger searching out and finding her clit as she fucked him harder and faster. Her body tensing more and more with each powerful thrust, now he was just along for the ride no longer in control, only there to give her pleasure. His finger rubbed her clit harder, stroking the throbbing organ and he felt her body go completely rigid for a moment, then she was bucking and writhing on his cock. She squeezed him tighter than ever. Her throbbing pussy was to much with his feet on the ground he thrust up harder and faster into her clutching, squeezing pussy. His own body went hard, driving his cock deeper in her pussy splashing jet after jet of his cum against the walls of her tight pussy.

They came to stop, sitting on top of the bike, its engine still warm beneath them. He nuzzled her neck enjoying the press of her body against him, the scent of her body and the mountain air in his nose. He kissed her gently, teasing her lips with his tongue while he gently caressed her body.

"That was a pretty quick ride," he whispered. "What do you think? Want to ride with me again?" She smiled back the excitement clear in her eyes.