 I live in a pretty small community and have often looked for good massages in my area. I saw an ad by a local guy who specializes in full body massages for women, so I clicked on it to see if it would be a good gift for my wife. It stated that the goal of the massage was not to orgasm, but it typically happened. I started to fantasize about him massaging my wife. 

It was close to our anniversary, so I decided to see what I could do. I contacted him by email at first and mentioned that I would like to get the "special" massage for my wife. A couple of hours later we were on the phone discussing it. I said that I was interested, but wasn't sure that she would go for it since she is very prudish outside the bedroom, We had met in school and I was the only one she has ever been with sexually, so allowing another man to touch her may be out of the question. 

He told me that I could always pay for those services and just see what happens. That massage is very relaxing and sensual from the start, so sometimes things just progress. I asked him if anything beyond a massage ever happens.

"It is rare. Most of my clients are married women, who like the idea of a sensual massage, but don't want to cross any lines. However, on a handful of occasions, the massage has turned into something more sexual. In those cases, I do not charge extra because it is mutual enjoyment. So how would you feel about it if it progressed into more?"

I thought about it for a second and became pretty turned on by the notion. 

"You know, I think I would be OK with it actually", I replied.

"Are you sure?" Mark asked.

"Yeah, I mean it is sort of a fantasy of mine. I mean don't push towards it, but if it progresses that way it is OK," I replied.

Secondly, I asked him if there was any way to watch the session. He said I could always come with her. I asked if there a way to watch without her knowing, He informed me that he had a security system installed in the lounge, sauna, and massage room, so if I was willing to pay a little extra he would release the footage to me after the session. I agreed to all the terms and set up a massage for a couple of days before the anniversary. I figured if nothing else, I would give my wife I nice two-hour time of relaxation.

I talked her into it with some effort, since there had been a lot of stress for her at work and the kids hadn't helped much either, so she agreed it would do her well. 

As she drove away, I started to feel uneasy. Could I really handle it if something happened? What if she found out? What if everything backfired? At the same time, I started to think about the naughtiness of it all. What if she enjoyed it and I saw a different side of her... a naughty side? My butterflies gave way to excitement. I tried to focus the next few hours on the kids and getting them fed and off to bed, but my thoughts were somewhere else.

About three hours passed until she got home, and she seemed very relaxed. She thanked me for the massage and said it was just what she needed. She gave me a very sensual kiss and said she would make it up to me on our anniversary since she was so relaxed and wanted to go to bed. I was confused about what had happened and barely slept that night.

The next morning once she left for work, and since I had the day off. I went to the link that Mark had sent me. There they were three videos to download. Butterflies again fluttered in my stomach as I opened the first video.

It was in the lounge where she greeted him with a big smile. 

I am in decent shape, but not to the same level as the man who would be touching her. He told her to have a seat on the couch and explained how this massage was intended to relax all of her senses. I was surprised when he asked about her libido. With some hesitation, she replied that it had been in limbo for a while and that most the time she did it out of obligation instead of desire. 

Mark told her to go into the changing room, get undressed and take a sauna. The video ended so I started the next. It showed her walking into the sauna room with a white towel wrapped around her chest. Mark was already in the sauna with a towel around his waist. They talked for about 15 minutes, and towards the end, it seemed she was flirting with him which made me a little jealous. Mark asked her to go take a hot shower and meet him in the massage room. As the second video ended, my cock began to stiffen. Then I started the last video.

My wife walked into the massage room wrapped in another down towel. She sat on the massage table for a minute or so waiting for Mark to enter. Mark came in wearing some tight white shorts and a white tank top. He told her to lie down on her chest and positioned her towel over her buttocks. 

He began massaging her shoulders and neck with some warm oil. He worked his way down each arm and even massaged each finger. He then went down her back and rubbed her sides. I could see his fingers extended to the side of her breasts. I hoped it would turn her on. 

I was rock hard and he continued the massage to her waist and hips. He let his fingers drift under the towel and massage the top of her ass. There were no objections, so pulled the towel lower, as he kneaded her ass a little. Soon, he moved to the end of the table, and I was certain he had a great view. He massaged her feet and toes then slowly drifted up her thighs. 

His hands caressed her inner thigh, mere inches from her most private area, I was amazed when she slightly spread her legs allowing a little more access. 

"OK, time for the front, roll over," Mark said. 

My wife flipped over on the table and I saw that her nipples were very hard and her face looked flushed. Mark asked if she would like a towel to cover up her breasts. To my surprise, she said it was not necessary since he had gotten a good look already.

Mark once again started his massage at her shoulders and worked his way down to her chest. He oiled up her tits and began rubbing her perfect tits. He slowly rubbed all sides of her breasts and paid a lot of attention to her nipples. He circled them with his fingers and offered a slight squeeze to each one. I could tell that my wife really enjoyed this. Her eyes were filled with a lustful relaxation. Her breath was deep and slow, and she even let out some slight moans.

Mark continued his way down her abs and slowly ran a hand slightly under the towel. He softly massaged his way down to her pubic area and withdrew his hand. He moved to the end of the table to focus on her feet again. Slowly, he worked his way back up her body. Once again, she spread her legs slightly as he reached her inner thigh. 

"You know I can massage that area for you too. It helps awaken the sexual senses, so it is up to you," Mark offered.

"Yeah, I think I need that," she said.

Mark removed the towel from her waist and I started to rub my hard cock as I saw him look her over. There she was completely naked in front of another man. He pressed his fingers against her and allowed them to run over her pussy. She raised her hips every time his hand began to leave her skin. Next, he rubbed her inner thigh with both hands and slowly opened up her lips. He ran a finger up her slit and on to her clit, and she was moaning pretty good at this point. Next, I saw him put a finger inside her pussy. Softly at first, he slid his finger in and out of her while rubbing her clit with his other hand. His fingering got faster and faster and I watched her cupped her tits as she moaned louder and louder. She started bucking her hips and pushing his fingers deeper inside her. 

"Oh, my... I'm going to cum... don't stop, don't stop." 

Suddenly, Katie convulsed in an explosive orgasm. She reached her hand out and gripped the edge of the massage table, and placed her other hand on Mark's stomach. I erupted seeing her in such ecstasy. Mark slowly softened his massage and gently ran his hands over her brown patch of pubic hair. Her hand continued to rub his stomach, she glanced at Mark, and I think she noticed that he had a large bulge going on in his shorts. 

Without a word, she ran her hands down and rubbed her fingers up and down the length of his shorts. When he removed his tank top and revealed his chiseled chest and abs, I could tell that she was very impressed. Katie then pulled down his shorts, leaving him in a pair of tight boxer briefs. She sat up on the table and kissed his chest as one hand reached inside his boxers. As soon as she gripped his cock, I could see that she was amazed by it. She stroked him for a few seconds inside his boxers and I found myself very hard again. 

She kissed her way down his chest and with both hands slid off his boxers. He was long and thick. Katie continued her kisses down to his shaft. I was amazed when she slid his huge cock into her mouth and caressed his balls with her hand. 

Katie gives amazing head when she gets in the mood, so I knew Mark was enjoying it. Her blowjob got faster and faster as his face showed the immense pleasure. 

I thought he would cum in her mouth, but he lifted her to her feet and laid her back on the massage table. She lustfully spread her legs wide, gripped her own breasts, and I watched as Mark's head moved towards her. His tongue ran up the length and spread her lips open. He began to tongue fuck her and rub her clit at the same time. The ecstasy was so great that she quickly bursts into another explosive orgasm. 

She had never had more than one before, and it made me wonder what I did wrong. With her silent approval, he placed the head inside her. Katie moaned louder with each thrust.

"Fuck me, please... oh, fuck me please, I want that big cock inside me. I need to feel that big dick." 

I was shocked at the way she rocked her hips towards him and screamed with pure joy. It wasn't long she orgasmed once again. Mark continued to fuck her harder and her her back arched on the table with every thrust. 

"I love your dick." She moaned. "It is much better than my husband's. I can't believe I am letting you fuck me. Let me ride you."

Mark pulled out of her pussy and Katie climbed on top of him. She reached behind her and slid him back into her. .The moans became incredibly loud by this point. I was amazed by sounds she made as she rocked harder and harder. Mark cupped her tits as his cock pleasured her. I sensed she may cum once again.

And I was right. Katie continued until a massive orgasm coursed through her body and pressed herself against him until it surpassed. Mark told her that he was ready and asked where she wanted him to cum. 

"Cum on my tits!" she replied. 

She usually preferred me to finish inside her. Yet in a way, I was glad she did not ask him to. Mark stood while she sat on the table in front of him. She reached out and jerked him until he splattered her with a thick load. Katie cooed as he covered her chest with a creamy release. She took him back into her mouth and sucked the remaining cum off. She then rubbed his cum over her tits and scooped it into her mouth. Then they left together to head to the shower room and clean up. The video ended and I wondered if they fucked again in the shower.

When she returned home from work. I asked her more about her massage. She told me it was very relaxing and helped her stress, and left it at that. 

The next evening was our anniversary and we had a very romantic dinner and head home. The night turned into amazing sex, and I felt she was thinking of Mark being inside of her. Katie asked me to finish in her mouth for the first time in months. 

I did as she asked and unloaded into her mouth and watched as she swallowed my entire offering. She never asked for another massage, but our sex life became so much better. Which I did not mid at all.