 I've never been to this particular massage parlor before, but I've been to plenty. The places I typically frequent are all booked, but I'm tense all over, and really feeling like I need some body work. 

And so, I call this new parlor, hoping that everyone hasn't found out about it yet. I luck out -- there's an appointment available tonight! Does 7 o'clock work for me? Yes, yes that will do nicely. There's only a male therapist, though, will that be okay? 

I've had many many massages, from both males and females, and I have had great experiences with both, so no, I don't mind. 

I walk in -- the lobby is very warm and inviting. Overstuffed leather chairs and flameless candles on the coffee table. The receptionist tells me that Scott will be with me shortly. I relax into the chair until I see you walk through the door. Every single nerve in my body electrifies. 

You're so handsome, and magnetic. You smile at me and I feel my insides liquify. You reach you hand out to shake mine... "Hello, I'm Scott. I'll be your therapist tonight. Are you ready to go back?" I bite my lip as you soft fingers slowly drag across my palm. I can't believe those hands are going to be all over me in just a few minutes. 

We walk down a long, softly lit hallway. You tell me that our room is to the right, and we head in. You say, "So tell me... are there any areas that need special attention tonight?" 

Um... I try not to blush as wicked thoughts race through my mind. I say "No, nothing unusual. Just general tension."

You smile. Oh. My. God. My nipples are tingling with anticipation of having you touch me. You tell me that you will step out for a moment to fetch some warm massage oil. You ask me to undress, lay face-down on the table, and cover myself with the towel. It's not a very big towel, and I think to myself "He's probably going to get an eyeful!" And you're so handsome, it makes me a little nervous to know that your hands are going over every inch of me, but it makes me excited, too. All of the sensitive areas on my body are tingling -- my nipples, my sex, all the way down to my toes. 

I remove all my clothes and place them on the chair beside the massage table. I lay down and do my best to cover my backside with the towel. Then I wait for you to return, and although I try to relax, I'm tingling all over. 

You enter the room, dim the lights, and say in your sexy, gravelly voice, "Please let me know, as I work on you, if you would like lighter or firmer pressure, and if there are any spots you think need additional attention. I am usually pretty good at reading a client's body, and knowing what they need, so don't feel like you need to direct me, unless you want to." 

I am so grateful that I'm face-down and you can't see the full-blown blush that is making my face hot. If you only knew what my body needed right now... 

As your hands move from my feet up my body, the tension of the week begins to melt away. Aided by the oil, they glide up my legs... first massaging my calves, and then up my thighs. You start on the outside, then on the back, and then work your way up the insides. As your hands deftly knead into me, higher and higher, I can't help but wonder how high they will go. 

Your thumbs are rubbing small circles at the very top of my inner thighs, on either side of my sex, just millimeters from my lips. I'm glad I'd gotten waxed recently, so there isn't any friction or resistance of hair. And its letting you get so very very close to my now pulsating core. 

I try to control my breathing, but it's much shallower than it should be. I want you to push those thumbs right up inside me... but then you start to knead into my glutes. The muscles are sore, and combined with the anticipation-and-subsequent-disappointment of you keeping your fingers out of me, I can't help but moan a little. I hope it's not too loud... but you don't seem to have noticed, or at least minded. 

You continue using your talented hands on my back, rubbing all the knots and kinks out until I am thoroughly relaxed. Your slow, soothing strokes up my spine are amazing. You use your entire forearm to deftly push the week's worries out of me.

Your soft, strong hands wrap themselves around my neck, and gently squeeze into me as your thumbs massage my vertebrae. I am putty in your hands. 

You lean down and say softly at my ear... "Ok, now it's time to turn over..." Your breath on my cheek sends an electric pulse through my whole body. I'm not sure what to do next. I'm pretty sure when I turn over, you're going to be able to see my rock-hard nipples, towel or not! 

You grab the towel and re-position it to cover the length of my torso, so I flip over, and hope you haven't seen my swollen breasts... On the other hand, I harbor the hope you have noticed how much they need to be touched. 

You slide your arm under my knees, and gently lift up. I feel the bolster underneath them, and reposition myself a little. 

"Are you comfortable?" you ask. Your voice liquefies my insides.

"Um hum... " I manage to mumble. 

You start to massage my shoulders, and any remaining tension melts away. You work down one arm, and then start on my hand. Your movements are slow, and deliberate. I am overwhelmed with the sensual feeling of your fingertips dragging across the palm of my hand. It feels more like you are caressing me than massaging me, and I love it. 

You move from one hand, slowly back up my arm, across my shoulders, and then your repeat the entire process on my other side. Again, I'm overwhelmed by sensual caresses. And I am loving it. 

You work back up my arm, and then start to massage the top of my chest. I can't help but hope you'll massage my entire chest... when I feel you fold the towel down and begin to actually rub my breasts. 

Ooohhh.... it feels divine. I sigh quietly, and moan just a little as you rub my nipples between your skilled fingers, slick with oil. 

I keep my eyes closed - it keeps the excitement level even higher since I can't see what you're doing. You continue to rub the oil on my aching breasts in slow, lazy circles. They're so sensitive, I'm close to crying out when suddenly the entire towel is gone, and you massage down my abdomen. Ever so softly you run your hands down my sides, until they find my hips, and you start to rub them. 

Slowly, in a figure-eight motion, you rub the palms of your hands from hips, down my thighs, and back up again. Your fingers dragging behind your palms, like you're running your hands across the surface of a lake. They're sending ripples of desire through me. 

My breathing is shallow and rapid. I don't betray the atmosphere by speaking, but I hope to God you are going to do what I think you're about to do. 

As your hands work up my thighs, they land just next to my sex, rubbing small circles. Achingly slow circles. I sigh as I feel two of your fingers slip inside me... OH. GOD. YES!!! My breath catches in my throat as I feel them on my clit, and sliding inside me... I thrust my hips up against your hand. I need you to know that you can't stop now... I need more. 

You don't disappoint. Your strong and gentle fingers work inside me, one of your thumbs rubbing small circles around my clit. I feel your hot breath on my stomach, and your lips on by abdomen. Your tongue is in my navel, and making small bites across my waist, while your fingers thrust into me... slowly, and then fast. With force, and then quietly exploring my folds. 

My back arches and my breath comes in gasps. You gently whisper "Ssshhhh...." And it is all I can do to not cry out, as I feel your tongue trail down my midsection. 

With your fingers still inside me, I feel your kiss down my stomach. Lower and lower, until I feel your tongue on my clit. You gently begin to suck, while your fingers continue to massage me from the inside. It's all I can do to not moan. 

Your left hand slowly snakes up my body until it finds my breast, and again I feel your strong fingers rubbing my nipples. First one side, then the other, while you continue to pleasure my sex with your mouth and other hand. Your fingers are slick with oil and my arousal as they push inside me, and against me. I feel one of them trace backwards, towards my rear, just gently pushing against that pucker. 

You continue the gentle, constant attention to my clit with your mouth, while your fingers continue to explore all of me. Your left hand deftly continues to administer to my breast, while your right hand is defying my understanding of physics... while two fingers continue to press into my channel, one finger has found its way to my back door. The sensations are about to take me over the top when you thrust your left index and middle finger into my mouth. I instinctively begin to suck, when I feel one of your right-hand fingers gently slide into my puckered backside. My back arches and I begin to moan, but your fingers fill my mouth, and I suck down on them, instead. As you continue your ministrations with your mouth and hands, I find myself desperate for release. I thrust my sex against your mouth and my mouth against your hand.

The combination of stimulations is overwhelming. My nipples, my mouth, my clit, my sex, my ass... all being worked by your talented, persistent hands and mouth. 

I bite down on your fingers in an effort not to cry out, as release rips through my body, my hips thrust against your face, my thighs clamped around your ears.... Gently you slide your finger out of my rear, while your tongue gently laps at my sex. 

I don't think I've been this relaxed in years. 

Your left hand pulls away from my teeth and slides down my torso. Your right hand moves to my hip, as your left hand finds its way to my other hip. You pull the bolster out from under my knees, and then, grabbing both hips with your hands, you gently slide me down the length of the table. My arms stretch out above my head, my hips are near the end of the table, and my legs are hanging off. 

I am dying to look at your face, but I don't. For some reason, I worry it will ruin the moment, so I leave them closed. 

I feel something against my still-pulsating lips, and it's not your mouth, and it's not your fingers.... It's the head of your cock. It's rounded and hard, and gently probing against my slick cleft. 

I feel it push against me, so I open my legs to give you better access. I feel you slide into me one delicious inch at a time. ... oooohhhhhh yyyyeeeessssss....... Slowly, slowly, until you have pushed your entire length into my channel, and I feel you push against me from the inside. I am completely filled with your cock, and I sigh with satisfaction. Just the feeling of the head pushed up inside me is enough to send me over the edge again, but then you slowly start to withdraw. I'm left on the precipice as I feel you completely pull out. My contracting core craves you, and as soon as you enter again, I moan. Your right hand is on my right hip, and your left hand again goes to my mouth. I greedily suck on your fingers as you continue the rhythmic pleasure. 

I suck, as you push. 

I sigh, as you withdraw. 

Suck, push. 

Sigh, withdraw. 

The disorientating, never-ending spa music pipes through the speakers, and I lose track of how long it has been, this delicious dance of our hips against one another. At some point, you stop withdrawing, and begin to just push against my inner core, over, and over. Your hand leaves my hip, and pushes against the front of my sex, so that my inner lips are pressed against my clit, and each deliberate push converges all those sensitive parts into one amazing pulse. While at the same time, you push your thick cock into me again and again, driving me closer and closer to completion... you grab onto my sex and apply constant, agonizing pressure. 

I know I am close to total release, and I begin to suck hard on your fingers. You immediately understand, and pump into me in earnest. I am close, so close, as your thick, throbbing cock pushes up into the very center of my sex, while you hand expertly rubs my lips against my clit. Oh God. Oh My God. Oooohhhh MMMMMYYYYY GGGGOOOOODDDDDD! 

I am panting softly as my entire body is racked with quaking waves of pleasure. Slowly my breathing slows as my eyelids flutter open. 

With one hand gently dragging the length of my body from my sex, up my abdomen, through my breasts, you walk to the head of the table. Then you carefully grasp me under my arms, and gently pull me up on the table, until my head is once again at the top, and my legs are completely on it as well. 

You lay the towel back on me, covering the length of my torso. I feel your strong fingers dance quickly up and down my legs, and gently shake my feet. As your strong thumbs press into the arches of my feet, I am treated once again to the sound of your sexy voice.

"Alright," you say "that's all the time we have for tonight. I'll step outside and grab you a glass of water. Once you're ready, come into the hallway." And with that, you leave, like this is a completely normal massage! 

I use the towel to wipe the oil from my body, and put my clothes back on. I take a quick look in the mirror and simultaneously think two things. First, I haven't looked this relaxed and happy in years. And second, I wonder if you watched yourself as you "worked" on me. 

I step out the door, and you are waiting for me in the hall. You hand me a glass of water and ask, "How are you feeling?" as we begin to walk back to the lobby area. 

Um, amazing? I stammer "I.. uh, I feel pretty relaxed."

"That's good. I definitely found some tension and knots, but I think I worked most of them out." You are gently stroking my shoulder. 

We're in the lobby by now. You hand me a card. "Here are the hours I'm here at the parlor. Make sure to drink plenty of water tonight and tomorrow -- we worked out a lot of lactic acid in our session tonight." With that, you flash me another amazing smile, and leave. 

I'm a little dazed as I settle my bill with the receptionist. "How was your session?" she asks. 

"It was... fantastic." 

"Oh, I bet it was. Scott is an amazing therapist, isn't he?"

"Yes. Amazing.... I've, um, I've never had a massage quite that..." What word could I use? Thorough? Relaxing? Orgasmic? Does he do this with all of his clients? Does she know? 

"Well, we're here when you need us. Give us a call when you want another session." 

I leave and get into my car. I look down at the card, and the hours you've written on it. I flip it over, and I see you've written something else. I laugh to myself, thinking, even your handwriting is sexy. It says, "Always happy to help clients at the parlor -- but I make house-calls as well, if you prefer." And then you've written your phone number. 

You can bet your sexy ass I'll be calling it. Soon.