 Joint hanging from her lips, she bent down to pick up two wine glasses from the floor. In denim hot-pants, the full length of her radiant, tanned legs was visible. Her ginger bob was ruffled, part of it swung down over her eyes nearly touching the end of the joint. She brushed it behind her ear with her free hand. The glasses clinked. The room was hazy from smoke.

I'd always got on better with girls than with other boys my age, and since I'd met Jenny at college two years before, we'd been best friends. No one could believe we weren't having sex and we enjoyed playing up to them- holding hands and whispering in public, she often called me 'baby' and I called her 'Pixie'. A name which reflected her facial features, and light stature. At twenty she looked young for her age. I thought she was beautiful and she often called me handsome but we had strict rules against any kind of sexual contact with each other. We both knew that would be emotional suicide.

"I really need to get laid tonight" she complained, standing up, taking the joint from her lips. "You will" I idly indulged her. Normally I'd scold her for making herself so 'available' but tonight we both had Valentines dates and my objectives were the same as hers! Besides, all the smoke I'd passively inhaled was making my eyelids heavy and I was in no mood for disagreement. She collapsed onto the settee next to me. The soft, bare skin of her arm rubbed against mine. She put the joint back in her mouth and reached down for the wine bottle on the floor between us. Holding both glasses precariously in one hand she filled them too full, spilling a few drops on her leg. She didn't seem to notice and I watched as a droplet succumbed to gravity and slid down over her inner thigh into the shadow of her shorts. 

"Are you ready for tonight then?" She purred nonchalantly. I only had one hour to go and I intended to go out in the t-shirt and jeans I had on. I made some lazy, stoned indication to this effect. She took a deep drag and then exhaled, shaking her head, making the smoke dance around her pretty face and dishevelled hair

"Scruffy bastard!" This sent us both into fits of giggles. She had a point, but I'd met my date in a heavy metal bar so she couldn't be expecting anything too upmarket. I was slumped back into the soft cushions of the settee, my chin nearly resting on my chest. It seemed like slow motion when she twisted herself round to face me, placed both her hands on my leg and leaned towards me putting her face close to mine. I sensed her small breasts were peering at me from within the smiling aperture of her vest top and I resisted the invisible force that pulled my gaze down towards them. She held my eye contact and said in a half whisper "You are nicely trimmed and clipped, down there, aren't you?" I lost my battle with the invisible force and glanced down. She must have noticed. The mischievous look in her eye was very familiar to me but her words were disconcerting. "What are you on about" I said defensively.

"Well, if you're hoping to get some action tonight you ought to think about what the poor girl might come up against. You wouldn't expect to have to go down on someone who looked like they were giving birth to a yetti. Why do men assume that the rules don't apply to them!?" This kind of tirade was typical. There wasn't much point arguing and anyway, although I was quite confident with girls I didn't have much experience. I needed all the help I could get. In my defence I said

"I don't have much body hair"

"I know" she answered cocking her head sideways and thinking. A fire was igniting in her eyes "Show me your pubes!" she ordered. I protested weakly, but once she latched on to something it was almost impossible to resist her demands. 

"Show me your pubes!" she repeated.

Embarrassed, I undid my belt and pulled the front of my jeans down just enough to expose the top of my pubic hair. A tangled, straw-coloured bundle sprung forth. Her eyes widened before she collapsed into fits of laughter. Leaning back and pointing to the offending region she struggled between laughs to inform me "That has got to go!" 

I hoped I wasn't a red as I felt. My confidence about my swift approaching date was draining away.

"But I've got no clippers or anything"

"You can use my scissors"

"I'll probably make a mess of it." I complained after thinking for a second. I'd already had a bottle of wine. She sprung to her feet and with an outstretched hand she ordered

"Come with me." I felt myself being pulled like a stubborn child across the floor of her flat and into her small, disorganised bathroom, my belt still hanging undone jingled as I walked. She turned towards me. From somewhere she had produced a shiny pair of hair cutting scissors. It seemed like slow motion again as she placed her hand on my chest to steady herself and began to sink to her knees. I was silent, in awe of the commanding efficiency of my tiny, troubled and beautiful little pixie. Her head was level with my crotch. She tugged the top of my jeans down to expose my pubes. I nervously held on to the waste band preventing her from pulling them down further. After she had suppressed a laugh by placing her hand over her mouth she began to snip away large chunks of hair with one hand, catching them in the other so they didn't fall inside my pants and reaching up to throw the liberated clumps into the sink behind me.

The scent of luxurious shampoos and shower-gels, put me on edge slightly and the touch of her cold fingers brushing against my lower belly sent electric shocks up and down my spine. She always pouted slightly when she was concentrating hard on something, which made her young lips look slightly slutty. Her long eyelashes blinked occasionally as she continued reaching up to the sink to expel the tufts of hair. 

After a couple of minutes the exposed hair was neatly cropped. 

"Further down" she commanded without taking her eye off the job. My breathing was getting heavier as I nervously slid my pants down an inch, exposing the base of my penis. She didn't seem at all phased by the situation and she made a couple more snips. The cold scissors brushed against me sending a rush of blood to the area. My cock was beginning to nudge against the waste-band of my jeans. Embarrassed, I willed it with all my might not to harden any further. I had to look away. Suddenly I felt her hand flat on my belly, which made me look down. She looked me in the eye with a terrifyingly determined stare;

"I'll have to do your balls." she informed me, hardly even breaking in to a smile. She began to pull gently on my jeans. I nervously held on to them but she looked at me again and raised her eyebrows, silently commanding me to let go. With her gentle pressure, my pants slowly descended, revealing the length of semi erect cock. It bobbed heavily and lazily before her. Her face was so close I could feel her measured breaths caressing my shaft. It took all the will power I had to keep my erection from becoming full. Both of us were silent. After a couple of seconds she got back to work, meticulously snipping and reaching up to the sink, my pendulous manhood swinging slowly in front of her face. Finally I spoke. 

"This is slightly embarrassing" I muttered, half breathless.

"Don't be such a child!" She scolded, and after a brief pause gave me a playful push backwards. As my naked buttocks touched the cold porcelain of the sink I recoiled, thrusting my mid-riff towards her. My swollen penis lurched forwards, past her ear, brushing some soft, wayward strands of her ginger hair and swinging back towards me, sliding across her smooth, hot cheek. For a second she seemed stunned. The weight of my semi-erection had buffeted her head slightly to one side on her delicate little neck . I stared down at her, wide eyed, awaiting her reaction. Her cheeks were reddening. She bit her bottom lip and a faint smile began to play across her face eventually giving way to bursts of hysterical laughter. The tension broken, I followed suit. My stomach hurt I laughed so much. The weed always got us like this. The absurdity of the situation, the clumps of hair, everything was funny and I let the convulsions of hilarity take over my body.

After a while, I've no idea how long. I became aware that I was the only one laughing. Disconcerted, my own laughter quickly trailed away and I tentatively brought my attention back into the present. There, kneeling before me, she appeared transformed from the controlled, authoritative figure she had been moments before. She stared up at me with vulnerable, pleading eyes. Still kneeling but with her radiant, bare legs spreading wide, She leaned back on her hands, pushing her breasts towards me. Her head tilted slightly to one side to avoid the protruding length of my throbbing, fully hardened erection. My nervousness forgotten and my composure shattered by laughter, I'd lost all control and now my shaft soared proudly, brutally over her, its shadow slashed across her breasts which rose and fell in quick, sharp breaths. The expression in her eyes was unnervingly childlike and her massively dilated pupils tried to draw me guiltily in to some impossible trap. Her slightly feline cheeks were rosy red and her mouth was partly open, poised in rapacious longing. 

I felt hot. My dick ached like never before and a silent inner voice begged her to relieve me with that hungry little mouth. I pictured her feverishly wriggling her way out of those hot-pants while those young, pink lips locked onto the side of my shaft and blindly felt their way upwards, hunting for the swollen end and begging to be smothered in hot semen. I imagined her giddily clambering to her feet without removing my cock from her mouth and gripping the sink with both hands. Arching her back into a deep curve which rose sharply over her tanned buttocks and moaning uncontrollably in anticipation of being entered. 

It was Jenny who exorcised the demon which had possessed us both moments before. She fumbled around on the floor beside her and eventually reproduced the scissors to resume her task with the same cool efficiency as before. 

"I guess it saves me from asking you to hold it clear for me!" She stated dryly in the fading light. I felt like I was recovering from being punched in the stomach, so I made no reply. I was however, fully aware that she had just saved our friendship.

I couldn't help smiling to myself as I marched on down the street on this chilly February night. Although we had left on slightly awkward terms, I knew that next time we got plastered together we would laugh our heads off at this afternoon's events. Right now I had other things on my mind. I had Jenny's flat keys and she had promised to leave me to my own devices as she was confident her date would be taking her back to his place. With an opportunity like this, failure was not an option. I continued in a thoughtful mood. 

The coldness seemed to bring out the city's hardness and hostility. The black cabs hummed past me trailing white plumes of exhaust smoke. Their anonymous occupants leered at me, just inches away, but separated by steel and glass. I tried to follow one with a threatening gaze but was tripped up by a protruding paving slab. My stoned, slightly drunk train of thought lamented at the futility of kicking something as solid as a paving stone and my concentration turned to avoiding doing it again. Passing the time in this way I soon reached the restaurant where I was to meet my date Georgia. At least that was what I'd saved her name as in my phone but I'd never met anyone with that name before. I opted to call her George. That would cover at least a couple of alternatives. 

The restaurant was just out of town on a main road, opposite a taxi rank. Couples were striding along, huddled together against the cold winter air. Heels 'clip-clopped' down the pavement and occasionally scuffed on curb-stones, car doors slammed now and then and headlights sailed past. I lit a fag and waited. The coldness made the smoke billow thickly around me. I waited, keeping my eye on taxis which were arriving. 

I felt a hand on my shoulder. It was sudden and I physically jumped. I span round. 

"I expected you to come from over there" I said, trying to play it cool but sounding decidedly ruffled.

"You're funny" She giggled, kissing me on the cheek. Her perfume smelled gorgeous, and slightly stunned, I took a step back to see if she was half as pretty as I remembered. Standing only a few inches shorter than me, she had thick, black, luxurious hair which cascaded over her shoulders and curled like two sleeping Persian cats on either side of her bare cleavage. Her breasts were pushed up high! Their size seemed out of proportion to her narrow but curvatious waist, which was hugged by a short and expensive looking pale-blue, silk dress. She had athletic, powerful legs. They were long and smooth looking and flowed perfectly down into a pair of glamorous high-heels. How she could stand there with no visible aversion to the cold I have no idea. But suddenly I felt severely underdressed. I composed myself and took hold of her hand.

"Let's go" I flung the restaurant door open and strode in ahead of her, tossing chivalry to the wind!

Inside, I was temporarily overwhelmed by the excessively warm air. So much so that I didn't notice the waiter asking me if I had booked a table. Georgia had to step in. So far I was not coming over as assertive and confident as I'd hoped. The restaurant was heaving with happy couples and we were led right to the other end where we were seated. The tables were decked out in tacky, red table cloths and helium filled, heart shaped balloons.

"Isn't it all so cute?" said Georgia. I smiled in agreement when I was actually contemplating how such blatant commercialism seemed to totally obliterate true romance from any occasion. 

Conversation got off to a shaky start. She said her dad was Russian so I asked what he thought now that his country was democratic. She began to file her nails with a blank expression and said; "I don't know. I suppose he likes it." I thought better than to try discussing the works of Pushkin or Tolstoy with her. I was in a belligerent mood but I didn't want to put her off completely as I found her extremely attractive. Now I was sitting opposite her I could take more notice of her sexy eyes, high cheekbones and full lips. I probably spent half the time staring at her rather prominent breasts but she seemed to enjoy being looked at and I'm sure she was pushing them out, inviting me to feast my eyes! 

I thought the night had started badly, so emboldened by a few more glasses of wine and feeling that I'd not much left to lose, I decided to bite the bullet.

"So what exactly do you look for in a man?" I asked, casually as possible. She leaned her chin on her hand and looked straight at me, a naughty smile beginning to spread across her face. 

"I like a man who looks after himself well" She purred and lowering her gaze as if gesturing towards my lower body. This was crazy! A surge of confidence raced through me and me I leaned towards her.

"I've always kept mine nicely cropped. It's the least I'd expect from a girl so why shouldn't I? Plus it has the advantage of making it look bigger....Not that I need any help in that department!"

"I meant shaved!" She whispered now as our faces were getting closer.

"Shaved?" I spluttered. That had knocked the wind right out of my sails. "I don't know if I'd trust myself with a razor down there!" I virtually stammered. What was wrong with these women? What more could they expect from us?

"Well I've got a pretty steady hand" She quickly cut in. I pretended to think for a second while I regained my composure.

" Well maybe you could show me how?"

"I'd love to" she said lustfully, then bit her bottom lip. What a day this was turning out to be! We both hurried through our main courses and decided against dessert now that the deal was sealed. We hurried into the night and hailed a taxi.

Back at Jenny's flat the lights were already on. It was lit warmly and Jenny had tidied up a bit before leaving. "Is this your place?" said Georgia.

"It is for tonight" I hurriedly replied. There was a definite sense of urgency in our voices and we made only a few brief exchanges. Having enquired as to the direction of the bathroom she strode off towards it, slipping the straps of her dress off of her shoulders in the process. The smooth material slid down to floor revealing a tiny thong. None of this broke her step and she seemed to glide across the room, still in her high heels. As she reached the door she looked round and gestured for me to follow, a look of hunger in her eyes. I hurried after, pulling off my T-shirt and undoing my belt. No apprehension this time! When I got to the bathroom she had virtually gutted the small wall cabinet and had found a pink, disposable razor and some shaving gel. She dropped to her knees to inspect my neatly trimmed and fully erect cock which I unashamedly wielded over her.

"Nice" she said, referring to Jenny's handiwork. There was definite sarcasm and for a second I felt defensive towards Jenny. This was quickly forgotten as Georgia began massaging shaving gel into my short pubic hair. 

"mmmm" She kept making these noises seemingly unconsciously and occasionally flicked her tongue over the end of my cock. This made me spasm with pleasure and she giggled, wide eyed as she worked. I couldn't remember ever being so turned on. Even the coldness of the porcelain against my ass was pleasurable. The tap was running and between each stroke of the razor she reached up to rinse off the hair, putting the end of my dick in her hot mouth at the same time and always moaning with pleasure.

"mmmmm" or "ooooo". She had soon shaved me balls and all. The feel of the air against my skin was an extra turn on but when she expertly removed her bra and placed my cock between those large, round breasts I thought I was going to come there and then. She used her tits to wipe away all the excess shaving gel. 

"Now I want you inside me, ok?" She said, not really giving me a choice. All I could do was nod as she took me by the hand and lead me to the bed. 

Jenny's flat was a bed-sit. This meant that the living room doubled up as the bedroom so we didn't have far to go. Georgia never even turned to face me. She just climbed on to the bed on all fours and pushed her ass in the air expectantly. This struck me as a slight turn off after the erotic teasing that I had been through previously that day. But I took my position behind her, as my cock still ached like never before to be relieved. She still had her thong on and I pulled it aside to begin to work my end into her. It felt tight and hot at first and she eased herself back onto the full length of me. At fist I felt as if I might finish pretty soon but as she became more and more wet, I slid in and out easily, without the same intense stimulation. I settled into a rhythm, which she seemed to like. My balls were making a slapping noise against the back of her thighs and I loved pulling her ass cheeks apart to get a good look at her. She seemed to like this too as it made her cry out but I could feel myself getting less and less turned on. This had happened to me quite often in the past. If I felt I was losing a personal connection with my partner, I also began to lose my arousal. This was meant to be the perfect end to the night and now I was complaining to myself of being bored. I tried to think erotic thoughts but Georgia's moans seemed to be becoming more and more fake.

I was just about to suggest a change of position when I heard the key suddenly rattling in the front door. The door opened slightly and a small, bedraggled figure sheepishly side-stepped through it into the living room. It was Jenny. I was completely speechless and I stopped dead in my tracks.
