 This is a true story.......

I'd been married for about 15 years when I got a job transfer and my wife and I moved to Hawaii. We moved to the outskirts of Honolulu and enjoyed living in paradise. However our life at home had become a little stale, especially in the bedroom. She had always wanted to move to HI and now that she was here, the heat in the bed seemed to get turned down to a simmer. Sex was once a week if I was luckky and it was straight missionary. Basically she would lay back, spread her legs, and wait for me to finish, making a few token moans to try to fool me into thinking she enjoyed it. She hated oral("I don't want that in my mouth, gross") and she complained other positions weren't comfortable. Once she slipped up and mentioned that sex was one of the "wifely duties" that she had to do.

When we were married, the sex was pretty good. She wasn't crazy about oral but would make the attempt and would try other positions without a fuss. It seemed that she was waiting for me to get her over here before putting a stop to most of it.

As a result, I would spend more and more time checking out all the eye candy that comes here to vacation. However, I'm not really good at the whole seduction thing so the most I usually did was look.

I said "most". One day I was so horny I thought I'd check out one of the local asian massage parlors. I had heard from a friend at work some details about these places and he recommended one to go to for some stress relief. I found the place one afternoon and went inside. Once in the door I was greeted by a fifty-something mammasan who took me to a dimly lit room. I paid the house fee then she closed the door and left me alone inside.

A few minutes later the door opened and the hottest asian girl I'd ever seen walked in. She was about 5' tall, nice petite figure with some big store-bought tits. I didn't really care if they were fake or not, they looked great. She was wearing a small two piec bikini. She introduced herself as Annie and asked if I wanted a shower. I said sure and she helped me undress. As she squatted down and pushed my shorts down my dick, which was starting to stiffen up already, swung up and bumped her chin. She laughed, grabbed the base of the shaft, and gave it a little kiss on the tip. A little moan forced it's way out of my lips. She looked up, smiled at me, then opened her mouth and put the whole thing inside and sucked gently on it. I gasped as I felt the tip bump the back of her throat. She started to draw back but I grabbed the back of her head and pushed deeper into her mouth. She relaxed and let me. It felt wonderful. She sucked on it for a few seconds then gentle pushed away from me. "Shower first," she whispered with a smile. Then she stood, wrapped a towel around me, and we went to the shower. 

I don't remember much about the shower except it mainly involved me laying on a padded bench and her rubbing me down with liquid soap. She was especially thorough around my lower regions. After I was clean, we went back to the room where I laid down with a towel over me and she left for a minute. 

When she came back, she locked to door and turned the lights down ever lower. She came over to me and removed the towel. Then she untied the bikini top and let it fall to the floor. Those tits were perfect, large and round with small nipples. She smiled at the pleased expression on my face then quickly took off the bottoms. I sat up as she slowly walked towards me. Then she grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face into those luscious tits. 

I openned my mouth and sucked frantically on the nipple. Then I opened up more until my mouth was full of tit. I grabbed the other one with one hand and her ass with the other. It had been so long since I had had some good sex I couldn't hold back. I pulled her into me and roughly sucked and squeezed her body. Once I think I was a little too rough because she tried to pull back. I let go of her ass and wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her against me even harder.

After a few minutes of that I let go of her. Immediately she knelt down in front of me, grabbed my dick, and with one quick motion took the whole thing in her mouth. She sucked frantically on it, my previous explosion of lust catching her up and affecting her. Again and again I felt the tip hit the back of her throat. Then she made an effort and took me down her throat. The tight feeling was incredible. I almost lost it and blew my load right then. She pulled it out, took a breath, then did it again. And again.

By this point the only thing I could think of was trying not to cum. She seemed to realize that. She pulled me out of her mouth, reached over to a shelf and grabbed a condom. She popped it in her mouth then slowly took my dick in her mouth again, putting the condom on. Once it was on she told me to lay down. Once I was laying flat she climbed on top of me, positioned me, then with one hard motion, dropped down, driving my dick deep inside her.

Her mouth opened in surprise and she gasped as the tip hit her cervix hard. She ground away at it then began seriously riding me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down as I thrust into her. After only a few moments I couldn't hold out any more. I came in an explosive fury unlike every before. Never had I orgasmed that hard. I grabbed onto her hips and held her in place, not letting her move. When the orgasm was over I gasped, released her, and lay back relaxing.

She was grinning wickedly as she climbed off of me. She pulled the condom off and got another towel, this one warm and moist with cleaner, and wiped me off. I thought that was it and was getting ready to get up and get dressed when she came back and laid down beside me. She stroked my dick and pulled gently at my balls until I started to harden again.

"Can you go again?" she asked. I blinked in surprise then said, "With the right motivation.."

She smiled and sat up. She spread my legs and got between them. She got on her hands and knees and grabbed my stiffening erection. Then with another wicked smile she took me into her mouth and started sucking. She rolled her tounge around it, pulled on it, pulled out to lick it from bottom to top, sucked the balls, then took it in her mouth again. If I didn't know better I would have thought she was doing her best to swallow it. I was stiff in no time. 

After another minute she got off of me and got another condom from the shelf. She put it on like before and kept sucking. I think she wanted to suck me off but I had other ideas. I pulled it out of her mouth and told her not to move. I stood quickly and went aroung behind her. Her knees were at the edge of the bed so she was perfectly position. I got behind her and stuck my dick betweed her legs. She grabbed it with one hand and slid me inside her. 

I grabbed her hips and started fucking her as hard as I could. Her ass slapped against my stomach as I rammed into her. She started throwing herself back against me, impaling herself. After a minute her mouth opened and a shuddering gasp fell out of her mouth. Her pussy clamped down on me and she shuddered uncontrollably. I went over the edge then and shot another load into her. We both shook like that for a few moments, then relaxed. I slid out of her with my balls aching from two hard orgasms that close together.

She got another towel and cleaned me up. I got dressed and she put her bikini back on. We went to the door and as I reached for the handle she grabbed my hand. "That was really good," she said. She then wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into a kiss. Her tongue parted my lips and touched my tongue. She ground her body into me. I turned her and pressed her against the door. The kiss deepened. Amazingly I felt my dick harden. I grabbed her ass and squeezed. She broke the kiss and started kissing my neck. I grabbed her breast and squeezed. She pushed me and we went back to the bed. I untied her bikini top and she pushed the bottoms off. My shorts were next then my shirt. We laid down with me on top of her still kissing and groping, our wearyness forgotton. She broke the kiss and looked at the shelf. "No more condoms" she said. She then rolled me onto my back. She grabbed my dick and started blowing me again, sucking hard and frantic. I didn't know if I could come again but she was trying to make me. She sucked furiously until I felt it building up. When she felt me tense she pulled out, grabbed my dick, and started pumping. Another hard orgasm shuddered through me but only a little trickle of come came out. 

She said, "Wow. I've never seen anyone come three times that soon." The mammasan knocked on the door and said "times up". She giggled again and helped me get dressed. 

As I was leaving she whispered, "Ask for me when you come back. You the best."

Talk about an ego booster...