 I'd been working as a carer for a disabled man for ten years when this happened. 

During the ten years I'd become best friends with his parents and even shared many holidays with them as my role of carer. 

My home life was awful, in a loveless marriage, married to a selfish man whose first thought was beer. We slept in separate bedrooms so there was no sex, not that he was interested or capable of it anyway. 

I loved going to work every day and being with people that cared about me. 

I suppose I was envious of Rachel in a way as her husband was a kind generous loving man, opposite of what I had at home. But I was also happy for her as he made her happy. I flirted with him at times but knew I would be in big trouble if it ever went further...or would it!

Rachel and Will moved to the area a few years before I started to work for them as Will got a new job. Rachel's family lived over 300 miles away but she visited them regularly. 

I'm a large lady but regularly told I'm very pretty, men would often chat me up but I'd rebuff them as I felt loyalty to my marriage, for now!

I went into work one Monday morning and Rachel could sense I was upset, she asked what was wrong and I told her my husband had been contacting a woman on social media and had arranged to meet up for sex with her, he couldn't manage it with me but was willing to fuck some whore. I'd discovered the messages they were sending when I needed to use his computer, I'd decided that at the next chance I got I'd have an affair. 

I told Rachel all about it and she comforted me and helped me through the next few days. 

I knew Rachel was bisexual and throughout her marriage she had quite a few threesomes with Will and other women, and sometimes she'd sleep with women alone. 

It crossed my mind to ask her if her and Will would be interested in letting me join them but if she took it badly I may lose my job. Rachel told me a lot about her sex life with Will too, she always said he was a very considerate and unselfish lover always making sure she was fully satisfied, they bought a professional massage table and would give each other a full body massage that always lead to sex, I was really jealous and wished I had someone like him.

That night I went to my bed and fantasised how good it would be to have a threesome with Will and Rachel, my mind was going crazy with lust as I rubbed my neglected pussy. The only person that had contact with my pussy for the last few years was me. I masturbated often and had acquired quite a collection of sex toys. But, I needed cock, I needed to feel a man want me and feel him inside me. 

I told Rachel the next day that I needed to have sex to see if she would invite me to their bed, but she didn't, but she did say that I'm looking very stressed and would benefit from one of Will's massages. I thought right, as you've mentioned it I'll see how serious you are. I said I'd love it but wouldn't it make things awkward, Rachel explained that I wouldn't be the first woman Will has massaged and fucked as when they have threesomes he often does it before they all have sex. 

I felt butterflies in my stomach and a tingling in my pussy, my voice started to stutter as I realised this may actually happen.

I said "are you serious?"

She said "I'm going away to see family next Monday, what happens when I'm gone is between you two."

She then told me that she'd speak to Will when he gets home from work and see what he thought. I was stunned totally speechless until she went on to explain that as she goes away regularly she'd rather Will was with me than not knowing what he was up to, and Will had never stopped her hooking up with other women, so it's ok with her if Will wants to fuck me, at least she knows I'll look after him. 

I couldn't wait to get to work the next day to find out what happened, as I arrived I hurried in and Rachel was preparing a drink as she does every day. 

We sat at the table and spoke about Will, apparently it went simple, Rachel told him what we'd said and Will just said He'd love to. That was it, I'd go to work next week and instead of work Will and I would be having some fun. The next few days at work were a haze as I couldn't think of anything else but Will.

On Friday I finished work and Rachel said bye and hugged me as usual, but this time she said have fun next week as Will's taken all week off. I left and went straight to the shopping centre and bought some new sexy underwear to wear next week. I couldn't believe what was about to happen. 

The weekend seemed to last forever but eventually Monday arrived, I spent ages in the shower getting clean and shaved my pussy until it was smooth, I always shave down there but wanted it extra special for Will. I put on my new bra and panties, I chose the dark purple trimmed with black lace they even felt sexy as I slipped into them. 

I arrived at my place of work and hopefully I was about to have sex, it was a strange feeling. Will opened the door before I'd got out of my car, this pleased me as I wasn't sure whether to knock or just walk in as usual.

I walked in and Will closed the door behind me, his first words were "are you sure about this" I didn't hesitate and replied "yes, 100%"

Will took my handbag and put it on the floor then he held my face and kissed me with a passion that I never knew existed. I put my arms around him and kissed him back as I never wanted it to end. It was the right thing to do as it broke the ice between us and relaxed me. I was dressed in a skirt and blouse, Will told me I look lovely as he usually only sees me in my work clothes. Just a simple compliment like that showed me the difference between a real man and the idiot I'd married. 

Will held my hand and led me upstairs to the bedroom. The curtains were closed there was an album of love songs on the stereo and the light was on but dimmed. It looked dreamy, I still couldn't believe what was happening to me, but here I was and I was going to savour every second. 

I sat on the edge of the bed not really knowing what to do, Will sensed my nervousness and told me to stand, the top 3 buttons of my blouse were undone revealing my cleavage, Will slowly undone the rest of the buttons pulled the blouse from the waistband of my skirt and took it off for me, he hung it over the back of a chair and told me my bra was very pretty. As he was doing that I unbuttoned then unzipped my skirt and it dropped to the floor. I picked it up folded it and put it on the chair. 

Will told me to lay down on the massage table face down, he then unclipped my bra and removed it. I thought I would be shy but I wasn't, Will had seen me topless on holiday but obviously never naked. He asked me if I wanted him to use oil I said yes. 

Will removed his shirt but left his jeans on I got comfortable on the table and awaited the massage. Will said what are the boundaries? Is there anywhere I can't touch, I replied "I'm all yours help yourself". He parted the hair covering the back of my neck and lightly kissed my neck, immediately I felt my pussy pulsate as if it had been electrically charged after years of being neglected. He continued kissing me down my spine as his hand caressed my ass through my panties until he reached the top of my new panties. He suggested we removed them before using the oil as it might spoil them, I arched my hips up and allowed him to slide them off. Will poured some oil into his hand then rubbed his hands together and using both hands gently rubbed the oil all over my back, from my neck all the way down to just above my arse. The feeling of a man's hands on me again was amazing, I was in heaven. Using more oil he then moved down and massaged my arse cheeks, I could feel him parting them probably getting a look at my pussy at the same time, I slightly parted my legs so he could get a better look, by now I was horny as hell and felt my pussy was wet. 

I heard Will oiling his hands again and next he massaged my feet, lower legs then my thighs, he was teasing me by moving his hands up my thighs until less than an inch from my soaking pussy then down again. I opened my legs even more as an invitation to help himself to my pussy. He didn't need a second invite and using two fingers started to rub either side of my pussy lips. Then he put his fingers just inside my lips and felt my wetness. Using the wetness he moved up to my clit and using slow circular motions he traced around my clit speeding up every few seconds, I could hear how wet I was and Will said that sounds nice, I could only answer with a mmmmmmm as I was so close to cumming. He then put his thumb inside my pussy as far as it would go and continuing with his fingers on my clit I couldn't hold on any longer, I cum via another person for the first time in years. Oh it felt great and I greedily wanted more. 

Will told me to turn over, I'd by now lost all inhibitions and turned over. Will said you're really sexy I replied you're pretty sexy too as my hand reached up and stroked his manly hairy chest. I looked down at his crotch and could see he was hard, his cock was almost busting his zipper on his jeans, I said why not release it so he did, he took his jeans off and he was naked too, he wasn't even wearing pants. 

I stared for far too long at his cock, it'd been way too long since I had seen one, especially one as nice as his, the first thing I realised was its thickness, it was really thick and my tight unused pussy was in for a treat. I laid back down on the bed and Will told me to close my eyes, he then kissed me on the forehead moving down my nose until he reached my mouth, I thought it was strange but it was very erotic. He caressed my left cheek with his hand as he kissed me with such passion my pussy was tingling again. I reached down his body until I touched his cock, I put my fingers around it and they wouldn't go all the way around, I stroked it a couple of times and it felt so good to have a cock in my hand after a long long time. But, Will said "this is your day" and moved my hand onto the bed. 

He kissed my neck and I tilted my head back to allow him full access I've always loved having my neck kissed and this was pure heaven, it was sending shivers all over my body. He cupped both of my tits in his big hands as he continued kissing my neck, my nipples were already hard and he tweaked them between his fingers. He continued down from my neck towards my tits, and kissed all the way until he reached my nipple, he licked it so lightly then bit it gently before sucking on it like a starving baby. Then he moved onto my other tit doing the same. His hand was travelling down my body towards my hungry pussy, he cupped it into his hand and commented how soft and smooth it was, I'm glad I made the extra effort for him. 

He put a finger either side of my waiting wet pussy and with his middle finger he stroked up and down the length of it, we could both hear the wetness and smiled at each other, then he took his wet finger and wiped it onto my lips, he whispered to me to close my eyes, then kissed me full on the mouth, the feeling of my slippery pussy juice between our lips was really horny, I've never been one to taste my own juices but this tasted great and I'd certainly be doing it in future. Will moved his hand back to my pussy and continued fingering me as he kissed me again, he put his thumb on my tender clit and rubbed it in a circular motion making my pussy pulsate as I cum once more. My screams of delight were muffled as his mouth was on mine.

Will moved me onto the bed now I laid back as he kneeled between my legs, he took hold of my right leg and started to kiss it at my ankle, he kissed his way up my calf licking and blowing on his saliva and I could feel it going cold, onward he went as I held my breath in anticipation, he kissed my inner thigh and licked my juices that had dripped onto it, then using just his tongue he licked all over the surrounding area of my pussy, teasing me as I wanted that tongue inside me, first he licked my swollen clit and then I felt his tongue part my lips and enter me, I held his head and slowly started to grind my pussy into his face. With his tongue inside me his nose was doing a great job on my clit as I held his head in place. I said "Will I'm going to cum" he just grabbed me and pulled me tighter to his face. I took this as confirmation that it was ok to cum and I absolutely exploded onto him. I thought I'd never have these emotions again so it was amazing to feel like a woman once again and be treated so nice. 

As Will sat up his face was soaking and shiny, without a word he picked up his heavy hard cock looked me in the eye and put his cock just inside the entrance to my pussy, once again I held my breath and then felt it push the walls of my vagina open and fill my pussy completely. I'd never felt a cock like it, he asked me if I'm ok, I said "oh my god yes". Slowly he pushed it in and out of me and I felt every thrust filling and emptying my soaking love hole. 

He continued to fuck me and lifted each of my legs up and cradled them in the bent part of his arms, this allowed him to put even more cock inside me and now I had every inch in me, it was the most amazing sexual experience of my life. I hoped he could last and wow he could. He was a stayer, he fucked me for ages and the sweat was pouring from him making his chest glisten in the dim light. I could sense that I was going to cum and told him, he said in that case he'll cum too, he thrust harder and I knew this was our time, I yelled with pleasure as every pore in my body tingled with orgasm and Will screamed too as his cock pulsated with every gush of cum deep inside my pussy. 

I then remembered that apart from a few quick strokes Will's cock had been neglected, that's what he meant by 'this is your day', he totally spoiled me and I now knew exactly what Rachel meant when she said he was so unselfish and considerate in bed. 

I was so envious yet so grateful to Rachel for allowing this to happen. She had a wonderful man and an amazing lover that she was happy to share. 

I decided right then that my marriage was over, I wouldn't let that idiot at home back into my life, I was happy with seeing Will whenever I could so long as the arrangement was ok with Rachel and Will. 

My sexual desire had just been reignited.

And it was only Monday.