 I was a good ten minutes into the massage that was expertly easing the tension in my lower back when I realized that Vicky may have more services available. As her fingers pushed up towards my shoulders I shifted my head, opened my eyes, and saw the light summer dress she had been wearing when she greeted me at the door crumpled on the floor next to the massage table.

I chuckled internally at my dumb naivety. Just an hour ago I'd gone to Craigslist looking for someone offering massage services that were local and affordable. Vicky's ad looked polite, professional, and personable. Our quick text message communication indicated she could host the massage almost immediately. So without thinking too far in advance, I headed over.

The apartment building was pretty crappy. Litter was strewn around, bunches of kids of all sizes and races were running around a playground that probably didn't meet local safety standards. I proceeded with a sort of Robin Hood vibe. Like this Vicky was probably struggling, but providing this service to take care of her family. She'd suggested in our texts that I didn't have to pay until the end of the 50-minute massage to ensure that I was satisfied. I had nothing to lose. So naïve.

She had opened the door as soon as I knocked, a bright, cheery smile across her pale-skinned face. Straight blond hair fell down her shoulders, almost forming an arrow that pointed to evidently large breasts cupped in the light cotton material of that flower-patterned summer dress.

We exchanged pleasantries as she led me in. Another door in the apartment closed, causing me to look that direction. 

"Just my brother getting out of the way," she said. It made me a little uneasy that someone else was there, but it also made sense that she'd have some form of security if strange men were coming to the apartment.

The apartment looked like it needed a thorough cleaning. Dishes were stacked by the sink and a kitchen table was covered in junk mail, pizza boxes, magazines, and the other detritus of inhabitants not concerned about appearances.

Vicky caught me looking around.

"I know, I know," she said, apologetically, "I told him I wasn't lifting another finger until he did his share, and now he's calling my bluff." Her voice trailed off.

"But I make enough from these jobs, I get my own place and he'll be left to his filth. Though I know in the meantime it doesn't help first impressions for my clients."

"No worries," I replied, and just smiled.

Vicky walked over to the massage table set up in the main living area. I guess that made sense. I'm sure any other spare rooms in this apartment weren't large enough to fit the table, but it added to the uneasiness.

"You can undress and wrap this towel while I get the oils," she said cheerily, and disappeared into the bathroom.

Slowly I slipped off my jacket and polo shirt, then belt and dropped my jeans. At least the towels on the table looked almost new and smelled laundry fresh.

Well, I was here now, so down went the shorts and I quickly wrapped the towel before folding and placing my clothes on a nearby chair.

Vicky knocked on the door from inside the bathroom and called out "are you ready?"

I climbed on the table and placed my face in the cushioned space and let out a muffled "yes."

She came into the room and over to the table where I could feel her presence even if I didn't look up. She asked where in particular to focus and if there was anywhere to avoid. I told her about my lower-back tightness and my neck stiffness from sitting staring at my computer for 12-plus hours a day. I heard the pop of the oil bottle and her rubbing her hands before feeling them softly rub across my back, up my spine, into my shoulder blades, and across my neck.

It was bliss as she increased the pressure and I started to zone out in the deep relaxation. As she silently worked my thighs I started to feel my arousal rising and concentrated on thinking about football, my mother, whatever would avoid that embarrassing situation. 

But then when I looked up slightly and noticed the dress on the floor Vicky gently pulled at my side, beckoning with her hands for me to roll onto my back. I did so and readjusted on the table and squinted as those large pendulous breasts were now exposed and dangling over my chest. Her large pink areolas spread wide across the surface and her nipple jutted out just slightly. She turned and walked to the table to retrieve another bottle, letting me stare at a wide ass that was slightly dimpled but so beautiful. As she turned I could just make out the top of her seemingly freshly shaved pussy. Without saying a word she stood over my head and rubbed her hands down my hairy chest, down towards my stomach, forcing those breasts to dangle tantalizingly close to my face.

It was impossible now to keep my erection down and I could see the towel shift as it grew. After just a couple of minutes Vicky said, simply, "let's set that free, shall we?" The question was rhetorical as she pulled at the towel and I arched my back to let her pull it free.

She tossed the towel to the floor and without saying another word gently cupped my balls in one hand and began to stroke my seven-inch shaft. As she exposed the bright red head of my uncut cock she brought her mouth down to it and licked the tip, then around the glans, then down the bottom of the shaft before taking one of my balls in her mouth and flicking her tongue around it.

I twitched a few times in response to her tongue and the fingers slowly guiding up and down my rock hard shaft.

"Would you like to stay right there?" she asked.

Not understanding any alternatives I mutely nodded. Vicky reached over to the table and revealed a box of condoms. "Required, okay?" Again, I mutely nodded and she blew on the condom to expose the tip, then rolled it over my bright purple head and down the shaft.

Carefully she lifted her knee onto the side of the table, and as expertly as I could imagine swung her other leg across to straddle me. I glanced towards the door where I knew her brother was waiting or hiding or even possibly peeping. 

Vicky placed her hand softly on my face and pulled it back straight so I was looking into her blue eyes. "Just relax," she said as she lifted both my arms, sliding her hands down to mine, then placing them over those large breasts.

"I love having them played with; tweak my nipples, make them hard."

As I started my own massage she reached down and took my cock in her hand, lifted her hips, and guided it towards her pussy. It wasn't that wet—no real surprise—but she just pushed down, pulling back my foreskin forcefully, which wasn't very comfortable. But I focused on her breasts, and slowly her rocking back and forth got us into a rhythm.

"Pull harder on my nipples," she quietly commanded. So I pinched them between my fingers, pulled, rotated, and became even more turned on as they responded, sticking out a full inch. That prompted Vicky to start groaning, softly at first, but as our pounding motion got faster and harder, the noise was unmistakable, and my mind flitted to that bedroom, hoping her brother had headphones.

I lifted my head to wrap my mouth around that areola, very gently using my teeth to tweak at the erect nipple. Vicky slowed her pace, but groaned more intensely. Then she sat up, pulling her nipple from my mouth. She looked majestic, those large breasts, those areolas now smaller as the nipples stood proudly. She started rocking at a different angle, then licked her fingers and lowered them to her clitoris, parting the lips with two fingers before using her other hand to slowly circle over the exposed head. I reached up to take hold of those nipples again, and Vicky gasped in shortened breaths. She began to emit small squeaks that were simply adorable and so hot. 

The one benefit to my mind wandering to whether Vicky's brother could hear or even see what was going on is that it slowed down my own countdown to launch. I'd be proud if I could last long enough for a pro to get herself off. And with that thought I could tell my own explosion was imminent.

Right at that moment Vicky dropped her hips deep, thrusting my cock as deep inside the warmth of her now well lubricated pussy as it could go. The sucked in air quickly and intensely, her fingers now flickering wildly over her clit, then she suddenly stopped and began quickly pounding on my cock, faster and faster, her hands now by my shoulders, those tits flapping across my chest. After one last high-pitched inhalation of air she let out a long, deep, low groan, and the pace of her thrusting slowed before she flopped onto my chest and I could feel her pussy muscles flexing and twitching around my pole. 

She lifted her head, her face just an inch from mine, a smile on her lips, and she quickly pecked me on the lips.

"Well, soldier, I must say that has not happened with a client before, but that was amazing, and now I owe you. So you can stay inside like this, or if you want to finish somewhere else, somehow else, it's your choice, no extra fees."

This was all so weird to me and I guess I lacked the confidence or knowledge to know what to ask for. And I didn't want to ask for what I really wanted to do with someone, which was to unload on their face. My girlfriends, the few that I had, had never allowed it. Maybe this would be my only shot. So many thoughts.

"I appreciate you thinking about it, but honey, we don't have all day!" Vicky giggled as she berated me politely for taking my time.

"I'm okay here," I finally mumbled.

With that, she began rocking her hips again. It was smooth and well lubricated now, and I could hear the telltale slaps and slurps of a very wet pussy. Vicky went slowly, with more movement, clearly trying to make sure I got off soon. That wasn't going to be a problem. 

"Is there anything else I can do?" she whispered.

"Um...I like kissing," I meekly whispered back.

Vicky tilted her head. I knew that most pros didn't allow kissing. But if I was pushing anything, it was better to be turned down for that than the embarrassment of being rejected for asking to smother my goo on the girl's face.

Vicky leaned forward, pressing her breasts into my chest, opened her mouth, and kissed. She maintained the gentle rocking of her hips as her tongue now explored my mouth, my tongue, my teeth. It was better than I could have hoped, and almost instantly I felt the rush of blood as I reached the point of no return. My hands grabbed down on her thick ass, pushing myself deep in the warm wetness of her pussy. I released my own groan with her tongue in my mouth and she backed off, letting her breasts rest softly and alluringly on my chest as I tensed and raised my hips, and felt my hot load fill the tip of the condom. Three, four thrusts and groans and my body fully relaxed.

Vicky slowly lifted her hips as I held the condom in place, and deftly slid off the massage table, landing with a bit of a thud. 

"I'll take care of that," she said as she slipped the condom off my still thick cock. I looked down and my balls and upper thighs were glistening with her pussy juices. She may have been a bit dry early, but this clearly worked for her.

"The bathroom's over there if you want to get cleaned up a bit," she said, "I made a bit of a mess down there with my love juices flowing like that. I have to say again, wow, that rarely happens in my personal life, let alone when with a client. We must have some kind of chemistry."

Still nervous and now keenly aware of my surroundings I jogged to the bathroom, washed up, and returned with a towel wrapped around my waist. Vicky was wiping herself with a wet wipe and towel as I came back in to the main room. She remained naked and I got to admire her womanly curves, especially those soft floppy tits as she used more wet wipes and towels to wipe down the massage table.

"So," she said, with a business tone, "worth the money?"

I mumbled and stuttered, realizing I now had to finish this purely business transaction.

"Just so you know, maybe for the future..." she tilted her head with a cute flirtation "there are other options, for which I have different rates."

I evidently had a blank look on my face.

She sighed slightly. "You're sweet. But, you know, if you want to go in my ass, or have me swallow, or any other kinky stuff, we'll negotiate. I just don't do piss and ass licking, that kind of stuff. Just so you know."

I nodded blankly, retrieved my wallet and pulled out the amount we'd agreed. 

She smiled as I handed over the bundle of bills and tossed it casually on the table. "I really did enjoy that, so I hope to get to see you again."

Once more I nodded mutely, got dressed, and headed for the door. Vicky caught my arm as I was opening the door, leaned up and pecked me on the cheek.

"I mean it. Hope to see you again soon."

I left quickly and hustled to my car parked around the corner, looking down all the time assuming everyone out on the streets knew where I'd been and what I had just done. Even though I'd cleaned up in the bathroom I could still smell Vicky on my hands, and assumed the aroma emanated in some cloud around me. I was shaking as I turned on the ignition, but I also figured that yes, I'd see her again soon.

-

Just a week later I caught myself thinking about the encounter with Vicky, and almost immediately my cock had started to get hard. Maybe it was time. I texted her and she promised me her brother was out of the house that afternoon, so it would be a great time.

This time we dispensed with the pretense of the massage and she led me straight to her bedroom, which was tidy, clean, smelled great, and distinctly girly. The brother was holding out on his bluff and the rest of the place was a mess. Vicky just sighed and apologized.

This time, after she'd sucked me for a while and applied the condom, I did her from behind for a bit, then on top. While I was on top I positioned myself so I could massage her swollen clit with my thumb. She was instantly wet, and again seemed to get really into it, commanding me to go a bit slower, then speed up, as it appeared I might make her cum again. I did everything I could not to blow my load as her intensity rose. I realized I was getting close and pulled out. She asked what was wrong, but without pausing I slipped down her torso and thrust my tongue into her wet pussy, then over her clit as my fingers explored inside her, searching for the elusive G-spot. I curled my fingers upwards—as I'd read on the internet—and I think I hit the jackpot. 

Vicky's back arched instantly and she let out a loud, screech, followed by "Yes, yes, oh my god, yes."

I felt like I was in a porn movie and she was just acting, but it's clear she wasn't. I stayed focused on her clit with my tongue and on this magical spot with my fingers. Suddenly she tensed and I felt her squirt on my chin, her juices hitting my chest and matting the hair. As she relaxed I sat up and wiped the juices from all around my face.

Vicky giggled and handed me a towel. 

"Two for two," she said, "so any thoughts on what I can do for you this time?"

I paused. "Could I remove the condom? I can promise you I'm clean, if you can promise me you are."

Vicky took a deep breath. "You're not my boyfriend, you know that right. This is a client relationship."

"I get it. Understand if it's a no-no."

"I'm sorry...but how about this. You keep doing what you're doing, and when you're ready, pull out, take off the condom, and you can finish on my breasts. And I'll even rub it all over them for you."

"Deal."

I lined up and easily re-entered Vicky's slick pussy. She pulled me down to her grabbed my face, and kissed me. I was shocked, but delighted. We kissed as I continued to slowly pump deep inside her. I came up for air and she took hold of her breasts, pulling at the soft skin, lifting the nipples, making them stand to attention.

I felt like I was close, so sat up, pulled out slowly, and quickly cast off the condom. I moved my knees to her sides, straddling her torso. Vicky took hold of my lubricated cock and slowly pumped. I let her do it, but as I felt I was about to finish, took over to control my own orgasm. She took the hint and pushed her breasts together, creating a deep crevasse of cleavage. 

I came. The first stream landing straight in the middle of the cleavage, but the second, stronger burst flung forward on to her chin, dribbling down her neck. She flinched a bit, as the next, and the next rope covered her tits. I squeezed out the last drop on to her stomach, and relaxed, at which point Vicky let her breasts go and massaged my splooge into them, causing them to glisten. 

As we cleaned up we chatted, and she was willing to answer every question: yes, he was her brother, and no he wasn't secretly filming (that she was aware of), and yes he knew what she was doing and had headphones. She wanted to be a writer, had tried other businesses, had a failed marriage, no kids but was interested, never turned a client into a relationship other than regulars, of which there were several.

And she would also, for an additional fee, do an overnight. I suggested a hotel and she would do that, letting us have several hours and go as many times as I wanted.

"Next time, let's do the overnight," I said as I left with a huge grin on my face. Vicky's cute nod of affirmation would keep me going until next week when I could work out this next chapter at the hotel.