 After taking a long, soothing, relaxing bath, you step out of the tub, and dry your sexy, wet, nude body off... Then, wrapped in nothing but a thick, soft terry cloth robe, you walk into the bedroom, to find even more candles lit, filling the air with a hint of vanilla... soothing music floats from the stereo as you walk over to the bed... on the pillow is a rose with a note attached. You pick up the flower, inhale its perfume, and open the note... "Take off your clothes... and lay down on your back... I will join you... " 

You place the flower and note on the nightstand, and let your robe drop to the floor... You look around, expecting to see me, and then climb onto the bed as instructed. The satin sheets feel cool against your bare skin... you lay your head on top of 2 pillows, and close your eyes, letting your hands gently run on top of your body. Your eyes close as your body relaxes from your own touch... 

Suddenly you hear my voice... "Enjoying yourself??" I inquire... You open your eyes to find me standing next to the bed, totally nude... you simply smile, nod, and let out a quiet "Mmm-Hmm.. "... I sit down on the bed next to your body, the side of my hip touching yours... in my hand is a bottle of heated body oil, lightly flavored... I put one hand on yours, stopping you from caressing your torso... "It's my turn to touch your body," I say coyly... you giggle, and say "ok"... As I position myself to start your massage, you eye my cock lying soft and content on my thigh... you run a hand over it, enjoying it's feel... it stirs slightly, becoming a bit fuller and thicker at your touch... A smile forms on your lips as you continue playing with my cock, feeling it harden beneath your hand. 

As you play with me, I take the bottle of body oil, and turn it upside down over your breasts... I squeeze the bottle, letting a small stream of hot oil run from the spout and onto one of your nipples... You inhale deeply at the intensity of the heat on your bare nipple... I then move the bottle to your other exposed nipple, leaving a trail of warm oil between them... After covering your breasts and nipples with oil, I place the bottle on the bed, and start to massage and caress your warm, slippery breasts... my hands glide easily over your skin, my palms gently rubbing and squeezing your tits... I let your nipples slide in between my oily fingers, pulling and tweaking them as I do... you smile appreciatively, and arch your back, pushing your aroused nipples into my hands. 

"You know," I whisper, "this oil is flavored... "... and with that, I lean down, and let my tongue draw circles around your erect nipples... your hand leaves my cock, and falls on the back of my head, lovingly running your fingers thru my hair... My lips suck and pull on your nipples, bringing them into my warm, wet mouth... my tongue flickers lightly over them while I suck them between my lips, sending sweet currents of arousal to your clit... your hips wiggle slowly as I do, a sign that you're becoming aroused... "I think your clit is getting jealous..." I say... and you smile at me, and nod your head silently... 

As I sit back up, I take the bottle of warm oil, and again start dripping the stream onto your body... over your chest and tummy... and down to your neatly shaved mound. I massage the slippery oil into your skin, letting my hands follow the path of oil I left behind... Your nipples harden once again as my fingers grow closer to your pussy... 

"Open your legs..." I request, and you easily oblige, bending one leg and placing it on my lap, and letting the other fall off the side of the bed. I then take your hands, and bring them down to your pussy... "Hold yourself open for me... show me how wet you are..." and once again you obey, pulling your wet pussy lips open, letting me see how wet you are inside... I then take the bottle of oil, and let the warm drops fall directly onto your aroused, exposed clit... the feel of your tingling clit being drenched in warm oil makes you coo and sigh, your hips tensing up from the sensation... 

I take a finger, and begin touching and fondling your swollen nub, rubbing it in circles... your hips move sensuously with each stroke of my slick fingertip on your quivering clit... you spread your legs wider as I do, your fingers opening your pussy for me completely while I caress your little pink button... "Do you like how I touch your pussy, sweetie??" I ask... You nod 'yes', closing your eyes tighter... "Tell me..." I say, wanting to hear your voice... You open your eyes and smile, then bring your ankle up to my face, touching my cheek lovingly with your foot, and say "Play with my pussy, baby... make my clit wet... "... I smile, and begin stroking your clit harder with my fingers... you moan loudly, and tilt your head back, closing your eyes... my fingers run over your clit, one by one, each one giving it a long stroke... I then take one finger, and slide it slowly inside your pussy... then two... then three fingers... I start sliding them in and out of you, fucking you with my three oily fingers... you start to play with your clit, and tell me to fuck you harder, which I do... in and out, I slide my fingers faster and faster, screwing your wet slit with my hand... 

As you grow more and more excited, I pull my fingers out of you, and lick and suck one of them, delighting in the taste of your wetness... I then put my other cum-soaked fingers to your lips, and you suck and lick your juices from them... As I remove my fingers from your mouth, I look down at your pussy, seeing your fingers probing and fondling it, tweaking and pulling your clit, making it quiver even more...

"Keep playing... " I tell you, and you do... I then kneel beside you on the bed, lifting one leg up to straddle your body, my hips hovering over your tits... my cock, now hard and thick, stands erect just inches from your face... You watch as I take the bottle of warm lotion, and pour drips of oil onto it's swollen head... the oil drips down the sides of my shaft, my cock glistening in the candlelight... As I put the bottle down again, my right hand starts to slowly stroke my cock... With my legs straddling your chest and my cock so close to your face and lips, your eyes widen with pleasure as you watch me stroke and pleasure myself, covering my hard shaft with oil... 

"Mmmmmmm, " I moan... "I want to make myself cum... "... and with that, I begin playing with my cock faster, my right hand going up and down in long, firm strokes... my left hand touching and playing with my balls as I do... you watch from up close as I begin masturbating for you, letting you see every detail of my cock as I begin to make it cum... your fingers continue probing and caressing your clit with even more fervor... and the sight of my cock, so thick and full of cum, being stroked up close just for you arouses you even more... I look down at you, your beautiful face right below my cock, and imagine the sight of my cock cumming all over, filling your mouth, covering your lips... 

As I continue stroking myself, a few drops of precum appear on the head of my cock... "Do you want to taste me??.." I ask... and you eagerly nod 'yes'... As I keep jerking up and down on my cock, I take my other hand and put it behind your head, lifting your mouth close to my cock... I stop stroking myself, and press the head of my cock to your lips... your tongue lashes out, lapping up the drops of warm cum that I've caused to appear... then you put your lips on the tip of my cock, and give it 3 or 4 quick sucks, wanting to taste more... 

Feeling myself about to climax, I pull away... you reach out once more with your tongue, and then lay your head back down on the pillow... I take my hand away from my cock, and put them on the side of your hips... "Turn over..." I say... and push gently on your hips... you oblige, and roll onto your stomach, knowing what I want to do to you... With your shoulders and face pressed against the bed, you then lift your hips high in the air, spreading your legs as you do, exposing yourself fully to me... Your fingers find their way back to your clit, pulling and tweaking it still, keeping it wet and tingly... I watch from behind as your fingers slip in and out of your tight, wet pussy... 

I grab the bottle of oil once more, and let the stream of warm oil pour between your ass and pussy, the drops flowing over your fingers as you continue to fuck yourself for me... I then position myself behind you, placing my hands on your hips... I spread your buttocks apart, and run a finger in between, spreading the oil all over... I take my cock, and run my hard shaft between your cheeks, stroking you up and down... keeping your cheeks spread, I press the swollen head of my cock onto your other opening... it puckers and tingles for me as the tip of my cock presses into it, your fingers feverishly fucking your clit as I do... You wiggle your ass against my cock, wanting me to push it in... 

I pull back, and say "No... "... then, I slide the head of my cock from your puckering hole to your wet pussy... you pull your fingers from inside your slit, and I press my cock inside your soft pussy lips... I lean forward, and place my hands on your shoulders, gently pinning them to the bed... and with one full stroke, I thrust my cock deep inside your quivering pussy from behind... you moan loudly as I do, and close your eyes tight... every long, thick stroke of my cock inside your tight slit makes you moan louder and louder... you push your hips higher into the air, and reach back with your hand and grab your thigh, spreading yourself further for me so that my cock slides in deeper... I reach around with one hand, and find your throbbing clit... my fingers, wet and slippery from the oil, massages your clit back and forth, flicking over it, making it twitch... You rock your hips back and forth, fucking and riding my cock as my finger plays with your clit... 

My cock, feeling so good inside your tight pussy, begins to swell with cum... I fuck your pussy harder, faster... my fingers slide and play over your aching clit, wanting to make it quiver and cum... You raise your shoulders off of the bed, and rest on your elbows... I reach up, and grab your shoulders, and pull myself even deeper inside your pussy... You grind and buck your pussy on my cock, fucking it with all your might... I tell you to look back over your shoulder at me, so that I can watch you cum... you oblige, and turn your head back towards me... our eyes meet, and we focus on each other's faces as our orgasms grow closer and more intense... The expression on your face tells me you want to cum, that you're about to cum... seeing that, I begin fucking you even harder, each thrust of my cock making your hair sway over your face... 

As I feel myself about to cum, I urge you to cum with me, to cum all over my cock... And with my fingers tweaking and tickling your wet clit, and my cock buried deep inside your pussy from behind, you start to cum on me... Your juices drip all over me, and I feel the walls of your pussy tighten as you do, squeezing my cock, pulling it in further... No longer able to hold myself back, I push myself as far inside as I can, and let my cock explode inside you... I watch you as your pussy cums on my cock, loving the sight of your beautiful face in pure ecstasy... you look back over your shoulder at me, wanting to watch as I pump load after load of warm, creamy cum inside your dripping pussy... 

And as we finish, you fall forward, collapsing onto the bed... I lay gently on top of your back, my cock still buried deep inside your pussy... I lean in, and kiss you on the neck and cheek... you smile warmly as I do, your eyes closed and content...