 "I want you to remove whatever clothing you feel comfortable about and lie down on the table. There is a sheet to cover yourself with, I will be back in a few moments," I told her and left the room. This was no ordinary client. She glowed with sexuality. The curl of her smile had a devilish pleasure playing over it. Her eyes were lustrous and wet and her pupils large and deep. I was almost nervous. I had to center myself. Her scent was interfering with my professionalism. Get a hold of yourself, man! 

I waited the appropriate amount of time, cracked open the door and asked if she was ready. She was.

She was lying almost naked on her chest, the sheet I had left for her she had folded up into as narrow a strip as she could manage and had placed at the base of her gluteus maximus where the curve of her buttocks met her thighs. Her skin was slightly tanned and smooth. I could perceive no blemishes. No tattoos.

She had told me during the pre massage interview that she was in no pain, had no illness. She just wanted to be pampered. "I am afraid I am not very shy," she said as I came into the room. "If you would be so kind as to remove the sheet, if it does not embarrass you, I would appreciate it. I want to feel very free right now." I could not help but be mesmerized by the gentle heaving of her breath as I noticed the side of her left breast facing me in the soft light. "If you like," I said as I gently removed the sheet.

I turned and started a CD mix of Enigma and others suitable to listen to while being "pampered." I knew what she wanted and I was willing to give her what she wanted.

I took the oil in my hands and rubbed it warm and placed my hands softly on her back. My right hand on the small of her back and my left hand just below her neck. My hands were firm and warming. For a moment they did not move. The small of her back was especially enticing. I then slid my right hand up to my left and began the soft firm kneading of the muscles in her right shoulder. I was not surprised to find some tension there despite her claims of wanting more than needing a massage. We all carry it. Some of us well, others less so. I found the knots in her back and worked them out. She cooed every once in a while as I did my work. I stroked down her left side to her hips and then did the same for her right side. Then came her behind. You really don't understand how much tension you have in your buttocks until they are massaged. It feels amazingly good to have them firmly squeezed and gently pressed. She nearly hummed as I did this for her.

As I moved down to her thighs she parted them and I had to ask her to relax and not interfere. I heard her say something that did not quite sound like an, "Okay," but I took it as such. She was relaxed, but her lips just inches from my stroking hands were swollen and wet. She had no pubic hair and her lips were smooth and pink. I ran my hands slowly and fairly firmly up and down her left thigh from her knee to just a hair's breadth of her vulva as slowly and as smoothly as I could. 

She quivered.

I took my left hand and pressed it firmly at the base of her back and gently rode the oil up to the middle and stopped. Her heart was pounding. She was ready.

"Turn over, Please," I told her. She obeyed smiling up at me. Her nipples were hard and rosy. She looked at me with pure want. I stepped to the head of the table and took her face in my hands. My thumbs gently brushed her lids shut. Softly I rubbed her cheeks in opposite directions; up on her right side, down on her left alternating smoothly. Then I stopped and stroked her brow outlining her eyebrows with my thumbs, my palms pressed firmly against her temples. I let my thumbs gently slide down both sides of the bridge of her nose. Then I softly ran them along her lips. She puckered a bit and kissed my fingertips.

Her breasts rose and fell in a most beautiful and enticing way. I tried hard not to pay too much attention. Her hair was shoulder length. I paused to warm some more oil in my hands. I slipped my hands under her neck and grasped and gently pulled to the top of her scalp bringing the strands of her hair as I did and let them hang off the top of the table. I repeated this step several times and then slid my hands under her back palms up and pulled them slowly up and out. I did this ten times. I knew it felt good to her. It felt good to me. Her smooth skin on my hands and arms was beginning to arouse me.

Then I went to her right side and placed my left hand on her forehead and my right hand on her stomach and left them there for a few moments. Then I placed my left hand no her solar plexus just beneath her breasts, although the ouster side of my hand rested against the bottom of both of them. I added some more oil to my hands and rubbed them together to warm it and then placed my hands on her stomach and slid them up and over her left breast in a circular motion in a very soft and caressing way moving both hands around her breast twice and sliding back down to her stomach. Then I ran the oil up to her right breast and circled it with my hands twice as well. I went back down to her tummy and then very, very slowly slid my hands up her center between her breasts to her neck and slowly I let them slide down to just above her mons veneris. I took a peek and there was a small wet spot on the sheet below between her thighs.

I went back to her breasts, but this time I lingered. I opened my hands and ran my palms in a circular motion on the tips of her nipples. Her lips parted and a sigh emerged. Then I took my left hand and pressed down from the top of her left breast toward her nipple while my right hand pressed from the opposite direction. I brought my palms together with her nipple in between and pulled straight up. Her nipple and her breast with it came up toward me as far as the oil would allow it. A small groan escaped her lips. Her cheeks had reddened a bit. Liking the results I did this again and then I did it from the sides. Then I did the same for her right breast. Her nipples looked even longer than they had before.

Then I stroked her arms. Then I grasped them and held them tightly while I pulled my hands down the length of them. Next I massaged her hands taking special care of the meat in her palms and between her thumbs and forefingers.

Now it was time for her legs. I brought her right leg up, bending her knee and pressed her thigh toward her chest as far as I felt her muscles would allow it and held it there for a few moments and gently laid her leg back down on the table. 

Then I went to the other side of the table and did the same for her left leg. Then I stroked her calves and massaged her feet. I made sure her thighs were parted and I looked up at her swollen lips longingly. They were waiting for me and they were wet and glistening but not from oil. I had not yet touched them.

I gently pulled a foot stool out from under the table with my right foot. I picked up her left knee and placed it a bit farther to her left and placed her right knee farther to her right. I stepped up on the foot stool and placed my knees between hers. My hands went up the inside of both her thighs at the same time. Softly, slowly, but inexorably toward her lips they went. But I teased her. Just before I reached them I slid them back towards her knees. She gasped. I bent down and kissed her hood. Her hips shot up and her lips soaked mine. I slid my hands under her bottom and licked as gently as I could as she was thrusting at me and moaning in a staccato rhythm. Suddenly she squirted all over my face. Some women come like this and she was one of them. She bucked and heaved and I found her clitoris with my lips and held on for dear life while she sprayed and sprayed. I was soaked. We were soaked. The sweat had broken on her body in an instant. Her moans of pleasure urged me on. I slid two fingers inside her and played with her clitoris with my thumb. My left hand slid up and squeezed her right breast which only threw her into an even deeper orgasm. I stroked and stroked and twiddled and licked and kissed for as long as she allowed me. Then I reached up inside her searching for her g spot. When I found it I pulled my finger toward it as if beckoning her juices to shoot toward me. After an extremely violent orgasm which almost threw both of us off the table she begged me to stop. I didn't. I told her to relax and got off the table. I placed a pillow next to her and oiled my hands up and stroked her body from her feet, over her calves, knees, thighs. stomach, breasts, shoulders, neck, face and down again in long luxurious strokes that were soft enough to tease and when she was stirred again I removed my sweat suit and oiled myself up. I got up on top of her and ran my body up and down hers, my semen mixing with the oil on her body.

When I got around to it I stopped above her and put the pillow under her butt. I took the shaft of my penis and slipped it lengthwise between her lips and stroked it up and down along her clitoris. I was so excited that when I came I shot over her head and the remaining sperm pooled on her chest and stomach. I slid down and felt her squeeze me tight. 

And we slept like that for hours.