 One minute, Liza was fine, blissfully driving down the interstate with her best friend, Jason, shooting the shit, heading south to take in a rock concert. The next, her world exploded into horns, and flashing lights, pain in her side, and a scream. And then it was dark. The next thing she remembered thinking about was whether Jason was all right. Then the pain slammed back into her, and she realized she was swathed in bandages, in a hospital room. Her vision was a little blurry, but she saw familiar faces. Her mother, her father, her husband Jim. They looked worried. Things went black again.

-----

The accident was a year ago, but Liza still felt nervous getting into the car. Jason had pulled through without any major injuries, but he had chronic neck and back pain that sometimes laid him up for weeks at a time. He couldn't keep a job, but the lawsuit they had filed with the drunk driver that caused the accident paid his bills. Luckily, the physical therapy had him up for longer and longer periods of time.

Almost as bad as the guilt she felt over Jason's injuries was the explosive realization she'd had as she recovered. She loved him. Even worse, she'd told him she loved him, and the surprised look on his face wasn't the one she'd hoped to see. He loved her, too, he said, as a friend. Maybe once upon a time...

She'd been so embarrassed, she hadn't spoken to him in a month. He finally got her on the phone, and they had awkwardly talked around her confession for weeks before things got back to normal, more or less. She and her husband would invite Jason and his wife over for dinner Sundays, and things didn't feel strained anymore.

But a year later, the feelings were still inside. She and Jim hardly ever made love, and when they did, she was picturing Jason instead, filling her, caressing her, loving her. She kept burying those feelings, willing them to go away.

-----

Liza knocked on the door, fussed with her pink sundress. She admitted, at least to herself, she was a little nervous. She and Jason hadn't been alone in a long time. Actually, she hadn't even been to his house in weeks.

"Come in," a voice called from inside. She went in, and followed the voice down the hall and into the spare bedroom, where Jason was laying on the bed, watching a television that had been mounted onto the ceiling.

"Jase, what are you doing in here?" she asked.

"Oh, Ronnie thought I should put a TV in here so I can come in and watch when I can't fall asleep. These days it hurts more often than not, so, actually I don't really even sleep in our bedroom anymore."

"You guys doing okay?"

Jason was silent a long time before answering. "Not really," he said carefully. "I think she might be seeing someone else."

"No, not Ronnie! What makes you think that?"

"Little things. Sometimes I can hear her on the phone in the next room, giggling like a schoolgirl. She gets home late. She leaves early. I don't know."

Liza could see he was uncomfortable. She changed the subject. "So, what are you doing flat on your back? Didn't you have a physical therapy appointment today?"

"Nah, cancelled it. Doesn't seem to be helping much."

"Are you going regularly?"

"I was, but... Ronnie's had a hard time getting off work to take me," he said bitterly.

"I'm really sorry," she said quietly.

"Hey, how many times do I have to tell you? It's not your fault." Liza knelt on the side of the bed, and he gripped her hand.

"I just feel responsible because I was driving."

"I know you do."

"Look, what if I gave you a massage? I don't get enough chances to put those classes I took to good use. If you can't go to physical therapy, at least let me do that much."

"I don't think that would be a good idea," he said, after a minute.

"If it's about what I told you last year, I already told you, I didn't mean it. Must have been... delirious... after the surgery," she finished lamely.

"It's not that."

"If not that, then why not?"

Jason was quiet for an even longer time. Liza lay on her back beside him, nestling her head in the crook of his armpit.

"Come oooooon," she wheedled. "Let me help you."

He turned to face her, smiled at her batting eyelashes. "Okay."

She smiled brightly. "Let's get your clothes off then."

"I'm not getting naked for you, ya perv," he teased.

"Just to get you more comfortable." She helped him out of his shirt and then his jeans, trying not to look at the place where his dick lay, curled up comfortably inside his underwear. She helped him turn over, and then said, "I should probably get some lotion."

"On the dresser," he said. She grabbed it, noticing it was almost empty.

"Not much in here," she complained.

"Yeah, well, I've been using it a lot lately," he said into the pillow. She blushed at his admission, glad his head was turned the other way. She didn't answer, but got back up onto the bed and squeezed some lotion into her hands, warming it between her palms.

She slid her hands over his back, coating it slickly with the lotion.

"Mmmm," she said, "smells nice." Actually, it smelled, well, kind of familiar. She glanced at the bottle again, saw it was the same scent she always wore.

"Yeah. Smells like you," he grunted, as she kneaded the muscles in his lower back gently. Did he even realize what he'd just said? She took a few deep breaths. He didn't feel that way about her. She moved her hands up a few inches, massaged the muscles there. He sighed beneath her.

"Feel good?"

"Mm-hmm."

As she moved up further on his back, it got more difficult to get the right angle.

"Hold on a sec, just gonna-" She swung her leg over him, straddling his waist, but not resting any of her weight on him. "There. Is that okay?"

"Uh-huh."

She pushed back a little, surprised to feel the waistband of his underwear against her inner thighs. The mound of her crotch rested comfortably just against the swell of his lower back. He didn't say anything. Neither did she.

She pushed her palms up to his lower shoulder blades, working her fingertips carefully around the bones. Her thoughts kept returning to the fact that there was an incredibly attractive man, nearly naked, between her thighs. She felt herself starting to get wet, and panicked a little. This was not what she needed right now.

Liza lifted her hips away from Jason's back, and his hips shifted below her.

"No, you don't have to move. You were okay where you were."

Now if she moved, she'd have to give him a reason. Or kneel by his head. Equally unacceptable. What if he... smelled her? No, no, no. Defeated, she lowered her hips a fraction of an inch. She still wasn't touching him.

"No, really. Make yourself comfortable. It doesn't hurt."

Defeated, she lowered until the soft cotton of her panties, now slightly damp, rested against his skin. She had worked nearly his entire back. Just his neck and shoulders needed work, and that's where he needed it most. He'd been wearing his seatbelt during the accident, luckily, but his head had been tossed around crazily.

As soon as she started stroking the muscles in his shoulders, he let out a very soft moan. She felt his shoulders actually relaxing into what she was doing, and smiled inwardly. She wasn't just talking before; she felt legitimately responsible for the accident, even though she knew it wasn't her fault. If only she'd looked in the right spot, jerked the wheel a little sooner, maybe it would have been different. She knew they were lucky to be alive.

She finished with his shoulders, and swung her leg back over him, kneeling beside his hip.

"Mmkay, you can turn back over now so you can go back to watching the game."

"No, ah, I'm pretty comfortable like this."

"Come on, don't be silly. You're missing a good play."

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"Um, it's just, that was really relaxing. It felt really good."

"Good! I'm so glad I could help you."

"No, I mean... it felt... really good," he emphasized.

"Ohhh!" she said, with a blush. "Well, come on, I've seen it all before," she said matter-of-factly. She actually HAD seen it all before, albeit not since they were much younger. Still, a penis was a penis, right?

"Okay, help me turn over." She did, her hands gently on his sides to help him roll. She tried not to look, but couldn't help herself. His cock was sticking pretty straight out, straining against his underpants. She licked her lips nervously, and averted her eyes. When she looked back, he had rearranged things so it was lying more flat against his abdomen. It was still pretty obvious, and she looked away, meeting his eyes.

"It's... ah... big," she said quietly. They looked at each other, and her lips twitched. They both broke out into laughter, but when they stopped, he was still hard.

She reached her hand out, fingers stretching toward the bulge in his underwear. His face was suddenly serious. His brows furrowed.

"I don't think..." he trailed off as she made contact, her fingertips sliding so softly over the length of his cock. He shivered. She leaned over, pressed a line of kisses where her fingertips had just been. She felt his cock throbbing beneath her lips. His belly twitched when she made contact with the bare skin just above his underwear.

"Liza-"

"I said I wanted to make you feel better," she said.

"Yes, but-"

"Let me make you feel better." Her eyes pleaded with him. She tucked her fingers into the waistband of his underwear, felt his cock pushing against them to be free.

"Liza, please..." She waited for him to say "don't," but he didn't. She pulled his underwear away from him, watching his cock spring out, and slid them down his thighs. She gripped his cock, pointing it upward toward her face. She licked her lips nervously, bending over his hips, keeping her eyes on his face.

"We shouldn't-" he said softly, breaking off when she kissed the tip of his cock. She watched him watch her slide her tongue around the head of his cock and then slip it into her mouth. Jason let out a shuddering breath, and finally lost the battle to keep his eyes open.

Liza's head bobbed up and down, making soft wet noises as she sucked in, gently. When she pulled away, Jason made a quiet protesting sound that faded into a groan as she squeezed his cock firmly. She leaned down, licking a long, wet line over his testicles, feeling the skin shift and pull against her tongue. She stroked his cock smoothly as she sucked first one testicle, and then the other, into her mouth, rolling it around and sucking on them.

She felt them tightening, and Jason gasped out, "Liza, I-"

"Shh, it's okay," she said. She sucked him back into her mouth, flicking her eyes back up to his. His eyes seared into hers. She felt his hand stroking the back of her head, and the taste of him flooding her mouth, so hot. She swallowed, letting his softening cock slip out of her mouth, nuzzling the hollow of his hip. Suddenly, she didn't want to look at him.

She turned away, pulling his underwear back into place, and sliding his jeans back up over his legs. His hand on her thigh made her turn, and he was smiling, though he didn't really look happy.

"C'mere," he said, and she slid up the bed closer to his head. He slipped his hand up her inner thigh to her panties, now more than damp. He dragged his fingernails over the crotch of her panties, and she shivered. "Down here," he said.

She leaned down toward him, and then, the sound of a door slamming. She jerked away from him, an unwelcome blush rising to her cheeks.

"Honey, I'm home," called Ronnie. Liza wiped her mouth hurriedly, and straightened her skirt. She leaned against the wall, trying to look casual.

Ronnie came to the doorway and smiled, looking not entirely friendly. "Oh, Liza, I didn't know you were here."

"Mmm," Liza replied vaguely. "Just leaving, actually."

"You don't have to go," said Jason.

"No, you don't have to go," said Ronnie, but her tone said, "Please go." Liza went.

-----

Jason called her the next day, and for the first time, she ignored his call. He left a message saying he was up and about again, and he wanted to talk. She didn't want to see him. She knew what he would say. It was a mistake. They were married. It shouldn't happen, wouldn't happen again.

She ignored him for the next week, too. The one time he got her on the phone by accident, she mumbled something about being busy, and hung up on him. She felt terrible. She knew she was punishing him for her own guilt and fear of being rejected.

Her husband didn't seem to notice anything was wrong. He puttered around the house as usual, and when he found out he was being sent on a business trip, he didn't ask if she would be okay without him. He just packed his bags, kissed her absently on the cheek, and walked out. She was relieved not to have to make idle conversation around the dinner table, and then felt even worse for being relieved.

Jason phoned again. She knew she couldn't avoid him forever, but she still didn't know what she wanted to say to him.

He didn't give her time to decide. The day he finally came over, it was raining. Liza was trying unsuccessfully to work, then to read, then to eat. The doorbell rang, and her heart sank, even as its beating sped up. She looked through the peephole. It was Jason.

"Liza, I know you're in there," he called. "In fact, I know you're at the door. I can hear you breathing." She was silent. She watched the rain dripping down into his hair, soaking the top of his shirt. "You're not going to just leave me out here in the rain, are you?"

She couldn't. She pulled the door open with a frown. "Who told you to go out without a jacket?" She stalked into the hallway, and pulled a towel out of the closet.

Jason took the towel gratefully, rubbing it over his hair. He looked ruefully at the wet shoulders of his shirt, and slipped it over his head. Her eyes were drawn to the hard points of his nipples, and she looked away.

"What, you can't even look at me now?" he asked softly. She looked up, eyes filling with tears. "Hey now, none of that. You didn't think I came all the way over here to tell you off, did you?"

"Why did you come?"

He cradled her face in his hand, tilting it up, watching the tears spill over and run down her cheeks. Then he leaned down and kissed her, tentatively, at first just brushing his lips against hers. He deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue against hers, velvety soft, hearing the little sighs that escaped her. He put his arm around her, drawing her close so that their bodies were pressed together in a long line, kissing her like he wouldn't have another chance.

When he pulled back, Liza looked a little dazed, and his cock was hard and aching in his pants.

"The truth is, I've always thought you were attractive, but it never seemed like there was a good time to do anything about it," Jason was saying. "When you told me you loved me, after the accident, well, I haven't been able to keep my mind off you since. The other day, I didn't want you to do anything you'd regret."

"And today?"

"Can we go in the other room?"

"Mm. Not my bedroom." She tugged him away from the direction he was heading, and toward the opposite end of the house, where the guest suite was. As she glimpsed the bed, she was suddenly nervous, but swallowed it and crawled onto the bed anyway.

Jason lay beside her, lowering her to the bed, rolling on top of her. He was kissing her again, so soft, but this time, his hands were there, gently squeezing her breasts. Her nipples hardened instantly under his hands, and he tweaked them, eliciting a moan. She felt his hard cock bumping against her hip, and thoughts of what they could do flooded her with arousal.

Then his hand slid into her flannel pajama bottoms, cupping her mound through her panties. She knew it would feel so hot on his hand. He ground his palm into her, and she shuddered. She felt herself getting so wet, and knew he would feel it, too.

He slid her pajama bottoms down along with her panties, and parted her thighs, looking at her.

Jason looked up, into her eyes. "I have been wanting to do this for a long time." He licked her in one long line, making her writhe. He used the tip of his tongue to circle her clit. Liza hadn't had a man go down on her in a long time, and the sensations felt so new. She had been feeling self-conscious, but the evident enthusiasm Jason had for his task wiped the rest of her doubt away. Tingling sensations radiated out as Jason sucked on her clit, his tongue pressing rhythmically against her.

Then, a new sensation. Two of his fingers invaded her, rubbing against sensitive spots inside her. She blew out a breath and concentrated on the feelings building with her. Jason ran his tongue out, tickling the crease of her thigh. He returned to her clit with renewed vigor, and Liza cried out as the pleasure washed over her. Her hips pumped against Jason's hand, and he licked her until she had to push him away.

With some urgency, Jason undid his pants, removing them and releasing his hard cock. Liza made to return the favor, but Jason shook his head. He pulled her upward, capturing her mouth in another kiss. She could taste herself, tangy, slightly sweet, mixed with the taste of Jason's mouth. "What do you want?" she murmured against his mouth.

"I really want to be inside you." He grasped her hips, turning her around and pulling them upward. He slid his dick down over her sensitive clit and then with a jerk, pushed it inside of her all at once. Liza gasped at the sudden sensation. He kneaded her buttocks firmly in his hands, enjoying the way the soft skin felt.

Jason leaned over, kissing Liza's back and neck. She had never before felt as if it was "making love" in this position. Men usually used the leverage of being behind her to slam into her as hard and fast as possible. But Jason, with his long, smooth strokes, caressed all the parts of her.

"You are so beautiful, baby," he whispered in her ear, "and you feel so good. I can't believe I've been missing out on this all these years."

He rested back on his heels, pulling her up with him and sliding his cock into her from below. He put his hands up underneath her shirt to cup her small breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingertips. Liza moaned, pumping her hips to match his thrusts until she was riding him, and he felt so deep inside her.

Jason was kissing her neck, gripping her hips now to steady them both. Then he grazed his palm over her clit, grinding down gently until she cried out.

"Look at me, Liza. I want to watch you cum," he said softly. At his words, something tightened low in her belly.

She turned her head, meeting his gaze. He watched her hungrily, and she felt something inside her starting to let go. His palm was no longer making lazy circles, but pressing down on her firmly, causing fluttering explosions inside her.

"Mmmm, Jason," she groaned.

"Yeah, that's it," he encouraged. Her bouncing stopped suddenly as she slammed down on his cock one final time, feeling herself tightening around him. Her eyes were squeezed shut now as she called out his name. "Fuck, yes, Liza," he hissed, filling her with jets of cum. His hips jerked as he came, pushing his cock further into her and making her writhe in his arms.

Liza slumped over, catching her breath. "Geez, Jim hasn't fucked me like that in years," she muttered. She felt hot all over as the thought of her husband. What would he say, if he could see her right now, pants around her knees, shirt pushed up over her breasts, Jason's cock softening inside her?

"He won't ever again if I have anything to say about it," came Jason's voice behind her. "Ronnie left me, Liza, a couple of days ago. She said there was someone else."

Twisting around, Liza looked at him in surprise. "Why didn't you tell me?"
