 I want to thank all who commented on my last piece, I am sorry it has taken so long to follow it up! 

This is the second part of my shower room escapades with Bethan, who plays the part of herself in this story. I recommend you go back and read the first part before starting here. 

This story is really an exploration of my own cum fetish, so be warned: there's a heck of a lot of it! 

I sincerely hope you enjoy, and I would be grateful for any feedback!

We pick up where the first episode ended...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Enjoy that?" I ask after a minute or so. The vacant sound of running water speaks for her. "Want me to push you onto your knees and stick this cock inside you?"

"Fuuuuuck," Bethan replies, drawn out and wavering; a shiver spreads from her neck, down her spine. 

"You'll forget every other word by the time I turn off the shower," I promise. Seconds pass, breathing deeply. Bethan looks up at me, her large blue eyes twinkling with desire and she grins hungrily. She licks her lips as her eyes narrow: "Hurry up, then. Fuck me until I scream."

I shake my head, smirking as I push her forward and lift her hips. She looks back with wide eyes as I tense my muscles; cum leaks out of my growing cock and onto her ass, trailing as I move into position. 

I pull her body back against mine, guiding my cock between her legs with the other. I tense, pushing my hard shaft up against the lips of Bethan's pussy and she starts to grind back and forth against me. 

"Mmm." Her breathing slows as she relaxes, closing her eyes and clearly enjoying the feeling of her clit rubbing against my cock made even warmer by the shower running down between us. She reaches down and cups her fingers over my head, tickling the underside with her fingernails. 

I lean in close behind her, kissing at her neck and breathing deeply. I can smell the remnants of her work day perfume, seeming to run with her mascara in the warm water. I drift my hand around, up to her shoulder then over her collarbone, tracing around the freckles on her gorgeous pale skin, down to her chest. I cup and gently squeeze her breast, rolling her nipple between my fingers. 

She continues to play with the head of my dick, pulling my shaft tight up against her pussy as she rubs her clit against me. I can hear her sucking her lip as she glances down to see my cock sticking out through her legs. "Fuck, that looks so big. How on earth is that going to fit inside..."

"I can help with that." I concentrate and tense my pelvic muscles to drip a sizeable amount of precum into her waiting palm. She rubs it into the head of my cock, clearly enjoying the thick slippery feeling. "Dude, you cum a lot, don't you?"

I could tell it wasn't really a question. I graze my tongue against her ear lobe, an unspoken agreement. 

Using her fingertips, she lines my head up against her slit, pushing it up against her lips. As they start to part she whispers, probably to herself, "That really is enormous." I pull back a little, chuckling. 

"If it's too much, we can call it a day—" 

"I can take it, assho—fuck!"

I push her body forwards, her hands slapping down to the floor of the shower. I push down on the small of her back, coaxing her down onto her hands and knees. Bethan's pussy opens up for me, her arousal and desire clear. I keep up the pressure as I push my head against her pussy once more, slipping through her lips with ease this time.

She gasps, "That's just the head!"

"No," I say, then groan as I enter her. "That's the head." Her pussy is unbelievably warm and wet; I swear that I can feel her pulling me deeper. 

"Give it to me, god that dick feels huge," she gasps. I begin to move, shallow strokes inside her pussy. Every few strokes I pull the head out, tease her clit with some more precum and push back in. Over the noise of the running water I whisper to her "which do you like more the cock or the cum?"

"I love both" she moans, looking back at me. I catch her eye, and say "that load you just swallowed was nothing."

"I hope you can cum as much as you can talk," she says, grinning mischievously as she pushes back against me. 

I smile, give her a gentle smack on her ass and push another couple of inches inside her. Her eyes flash wider as she turns back round, facing away from me. "More."

I lean in and whisper "You sure you can take it, hm? That's only half, you know. And I'm not kidding about the cum." I grip her hips, pull my cock back until I'm almost slipping out of her, out then push sharply back in, four inches of cock stretching her pussy. I hold her close, my mouth inches from her ear and growl, "I'm going to fill your tight little pussy. Then I'm going to flood your mouth and cover those perfect fucking tits. You're going to beg me to keep fucking you, over and over again, just so you can get some more cum from me."

"I'll believe it when I can taste it," she says, and braces one arm against the wall of the shower. She pushes hard back against me. Bethan's pussy slips down over the last five inches of my dick, and I bottom out inside her.

She sits up proudly, her back against my chest, reaching round behind my ass to push and make sure my cock stays inside her. Her hands find mine, bringing them round to her tits. With the hot water adding extra stimulation, her fingers stroke her nipples between my fingers.

"If you can really cum so much, stud," she says with sarcastic emphasis, "I want to see if you can keep up with me." She starts to grind, my cock sweeping against her sensitive spots inside her pussy. As she moans, she tilts her head back and whispers "if you can cum again by the time I orgasm, you can do whatever the fuck you want to this perfect little body of mine."

Maybe she mistakes my smirk for concern about the challenge, but I don't care. I begin to stand with my cock buried deep inside her, pulling her up by the pressure inside her body. She struggles for balance but I hold her hips. "Bend over; talking time is over. Time to fuck your innocent-office-blonde act right out of you."

Bracing her arms against the wall, she bends, keeping her incredible ass pressed into my hips. I caress up and down her body, my hands tracing the flow of water around her back and down her hanging breasts, dripping finally off her stiff nipples. I start to stroke my cock slowly in and out as I firmly massage her shoulders with the heat of the shower. I move down over her back, picking up pace with my strokes. I enjoy hearing her breathing, seeming to catch her off guard with the length of my cock every time I bottom out and my hips meet that incredible ass. 

She giggles, looking back at me and tensing the muscles inside her pussy. "I thought you were going to fuck me, not make love to me." She bites her bottom lip innocently. Her big blue eyes melt into mine, and I tilt my head. My hands run slowly down her sides to her hips. I narrow my eyes, grip her hips and pull her pussy down over my dick as I push forward, pounding suddenly into her. 

She gasps and throws her head forward. I hear a drawn out "Yessss." I pull her away from me, then slam back into her dripping pussy, splashing shower water up over her back and picking up speed. I can feel her wetness mixing with the water of the shower, running down my balls, testing my concentration. Her leg starts to shake each time I bottom out in her pussy as I move faster and faster, pounding her harder and harder. 

I stroke the back of her head and push my fingers up into her hair. I grip firmly and pull her head back up towards me, breathing into her ear with a growl "Are you gonna cum for me? Gonna cover my cock with your orgasm?"

"Keep going...I'm so fucking close, keep going..."

I gently nibble her ear. "I think we're about to find out if you become my plaything for the night; I can't wait to own your body."

I push her forward again, holding her hips and thrusting my cock in and out. I grip hard into her sexy curves, making her moan. I give her another gentle smack and feel her pussy tightening around me as she starts to tip over the edge.

"Don't stop don't stop don't sto-o-op!" Her head rolls forward, one hand supporting her weight and the other flying over her clit between her legs.

I pound my thick cock into her as I lean in and growl in her ear, "So, you want some more cum then?"

"Fuck yes, give it to me. I can't believe you can cum again so quickly!"

"Where do you want it? I've got a really fucking big load for you, Bethan."

"I want it on my tits," she groans. I keep pounding her, letting my cock harden towards orgasm, "Fuuuuuck!'

She staggers forward, my cock sliding out of her dripping wet pussy, trailing juices quickly washed away by the running water. Bethan lays down, bunching the soaking wet clothes beneath her. I stand over her, my hand lazily stroking my cock, just barely staying in control of my orgasm which is begging for release. 

"You want a taster?" I ask her. She nods, tweaking her nipple while her other hand is buried between her legs. I stand over her body, my hands against the wall and my cock standing up straight, look her in the eye. "Open your mouth."

As her eyes sparkle with desire I allow my cock to drool, a release that lasts for well over a second. The cum streams down my cock, dripping from the base. Some is caught by her waiting mouth, but most lands on her face and neck. 

"Mmmm," she moans, licking up what she can reach. She holds her mouth open, hungry for more. "Ih thah ih?"

I chuckle, "See, I told you you'd beg me." I grin down at her, as she frowns and pouts as I kneel down over her, my cock over her tits.

She brings her mouth up to my balls, slurping with the cum in her mouth. I allow myself to moan. Bethan reaches up with one hand to stroke my cock, then brings my head down between her tits. Her other hand is buried between her legs, her thighs tight together. Her eyes are begging me for more cum as she brings her tongue up to the underside of the head of my cock, flicking at my frenulum. 

"Tilt your head back," I say, "and you might want to take a breath." I release some of the tension in my pelvic muscles, allowing my cock to drip cum into her waiting mouth. My eyes lock onto hers as she patiently keeps her mouth open. The flow is steady, increasing ever so slightly as I stroke her hair. Her eyes widen, glancing down from our gaze to stare my cock, not believing that it can produce so much cum. I wait until her mouth is full to the brim, just about to overflow, and tense, the last couple of drips hanging before adding to her mouthful. 

She slowly closes her eyes in time with her closing lips, a tiny stream of cum leaking down her cheek. She struggles to swallow, taking two gulps to get the whole load down her throat. She gasps as she finishes, then looks down at my cock, which I have allowed to start to soften onto her tits. 

"Oh my god that's so good. How the fuck did you do that?" She groans, her eyes back up to meet mine.

I shrug, "surely you don't think I'm finished do you?" I glance round as her fingers return to her pussy, pushing two inside and rolling her clit with her thumb. 

"What the fuck dude? What else can you do? How much can you cum?" I tilt my brow and glance up innocently. "More? No fucking way. Stand up."

I get to my feet, standing over her, my half-mast cock leaking again steadily, a drip-drip-drip of cum onto her waiting chest. 

"That is unreal. You can really control it?" She moans as she continues to finger herself. Her voice is getting more desperate as she stares at my cock, the frankly ridiculous situation of fingering herself on the floor of the work showers completely forgotten. "Make it shoot!"

I grin, my hands lazily moving to my hips as I tense my muscles. For a half second, the flow becomes a shot, my cock jerking with the sudden pressure. 

"I don't know how or why I can do it. It's never really bothered me so why worry? Some girls don't enjoy cum, but you, Bethan," I give her another shot, this time reaching to her chin, "You seem to enjoy it, you little cumslut."

As if a switch flips in her mind, the fingers on her clit become a blur as her body shakes. "Fuck yes, the more the better, I fucking love it. So, fucking, hot." She looks wildly up at me, "We should do some experiments. You know, explore what you can do."

I raise an eyebrow. "What do you want to do? Oh, by the way," I pause holding her gaze, "If you can orgasm right now, I will agree to any 'experiments' you can come up with."

"Fuuuck!" Bethan's whole body starts to shake. "Can you fuck me some more? How much can you cum? Could you stay hard forever if you wanted to? Can you fill my pussy up? Like, completely, I mean? Can you cum whenever you want? Can you fill my mouth under your desk upstairs? How about covering my tits before I cycle home after work? I want—I wanna...I'm gonna..."

Her eyes screw up and her mouth opens in a silent moan, as she starts to cum. 

I will my cock to grow, hardening as I kneel and push her legs up over my shoulders, and line up with her entrance. I push my head into her soaking pussy, displacing her fingers from inside. 

"If I remember those questions correctly..."

I thrust into her, the pitch of her moans echoing the about of cock inside her

"Yes," I pull back and pound my cock back into her, eliciting a shriek and a squirt of orgasmic pleasure, "I can fuck you some more."

I start to pull out and push back in, slow and steady.

"I don't know how much I can cum. So far, I haven't found a limit except exhaustion."

I grab her legs, pulling her into me with more force as I fuck her. The water pooling on her body splashes as I bring my hips to her ass, her tits bounce and she cups them, pinching and pulling. 

"And I can stay hard as long... as... I... want..." emphasising the last four words as I pound nine inches of cock into her pussy. It's almost true, but no need to qualify right now. 

Her eyes roll as she experiences more and more pleasure. "I feel so full. I feel so warm. How the fuck are you doing this. Fuuuck!"

"As to your last question, can I fill your pussy up?" I push her legs over her body, lifting her ass off the tiles. I keep pounding into her as she looks up at me through her legs. 

"I've been cumming since I started fucking you."

Her eyes fly wide open. Her breath catches in her throat as I pull my cock out of her and she sees her pussy overflow with cum. 

"Oh my goo-oo-od," she screams, disbelief clear in her voice, "I'm cumming AGAIN!" Each convulsion of her pussy pushes more cum out of her and it mixes with the loads still flooding from my cock, painting the underside of her tits. 

I moan, "fuuuuck I haven't cum this much in ages." Her hands run up and down her body, her brain on autopilot as she bathes in her pleasure. 

"You want some more? You want some more you sexy cumslut?" I growl, giving in to the feeling of power and lack of control. She moans and digs her fingers into her pussy, pulling out more cum. Her eyes are wide, as she nods in a daze. "More, more more more."

"Tell me you're my cum slut, tell me how much you love what this cock can do to you."

"I fucking love being your cum slut," she moans as my hand finds my cock and I start to pump it, long strokes driving out a drip of cum each time I reach the tip. "I love how much your huge cock fills me up and pushes me to orgasm again and again, and how it can cover me with that huge, delicious load of cum!"

"That's right," I moan, my pace increasing, her body writhing yet again. 

She starts to moan through her words, "have you got any more? One more load for me? I can cum again for you, can you give me any more?"

I nod, biting my lip as my eyes roll back. My hips push forward as I focus, stemming the tide as long as possible. I close my eyes as I pump my cock, stroking up and down the whole shaft. Minutes seem to pass as I bask in the pleasure.

"Hey, cum stud." I look down. Bethan's face is right below my cock. She pulls my hand away and her tongue darts out, giving one long lick from base to tip. She puts my hand back on my cock and grabs my wrist, jerking it up and down. She flicks the head one more time with her tongue, and says "bet you can't cum faster than I can swallow." She opens her mouth, and I gasp as she winks and tickles my balls.

I am done, all control is lost. I jack my cock furiously, pointing the head into her mouth and moan as I release. The first jet of cum half fills her mouth, and she manages to swallow before the second. The next few jets are slightly too fast and large for her to swallow all, and pretty soon her mouth begins to fill up. 

She moves her hands to cup around her mouth, catch yet more cum as my orgasm continues to build. My cum splashes audibly against her hands, dripping into her mouth and down onto her chest.

"I am going to cover that sexy little body of yours," I growl, pausing the flow of cum as I stand up. She lays back, pursing her lips and dribbling the cum remaining in her mouth. The sight of it gushing down over her tits is too much, and I let go of my cock and let the flow take over. 

A solid stream of cum erupts from my cock, painting her tits completely. It subsides slightly after a few seconds, a couple of heavy drips falling down onto her tummy. I groan and tense; the next stream reaches further, refilling her waiting mouth and covering her neck and collarbone. I tighten my pelvic muscles once more, shooting the next stream over her head completely, splashing onto the wall of the shower behind her. 

She looks up in amazement as I shoot again, then release a constant flow that grows in pressure as it spurts from my cock. I cover her thighs, a pool of cum forming over her pussy—

I moan, my hips twitching, cock jerking wildly.

—and overflows onto her tummy. The flow increases, another pool forming between her gorgeous C cups.

"Oh my fucking god, oh my god..." she screams, her fingers rubbing my cum into her clit as she brings herself to orgasm after orgasm. 

She cups her boobs together, catching as much cum as possible. I fill her mouth, yet again. Finally, the flow begins to subside and I breathe deeply. 

I catch her eye, which twinkles and she whispers, "more." I shake my head in disbelief. 

A drip of cum splashes onto her pussy lips. "I'm ready to be fucked again."

*

Our lips part, the last of the soap suds trailing from our bodies onto the floor of the shower room, and down the drain in the centre. I glance around, a few splashes of cum left on the walls. The only remaining evidence of our full hour of vigorous, loud, cum-filled fucking. Well, apart from Bethan's satisfied sighs and rosy cheeks, and my aching cock.

I massage her back, then slip my hands down with the water to her ass cheeks, gripping and pulling her body into mine. We kiss once more, tongues lazily twirling between our lips. We pull apart and she meets my gaze with her large, twinkling, innocent blue eyes. 

"So," she says, then grins. "Not so innocent, am I?" 

"Let's do lunch, tomorrow?" I suggest; she giggles and nods. A peck on the cheek and she reaches behind me. 

As she leans in, she whispers, "Wonder what we can get away with behind my corner desk?" 

She pulls my towel from behind me, turns and opens the cubicle door. With one last look back, Bethan wiggles her ass, winks and is gone.