 Author's note:

The setting for this story could prove disturbing or challenging to many readers. I make no apology for that; how you respond is entirely your choice. However, I hasten to add that the story is not based on any sect, cult or other group, nor is any offence directed at any group in particular or towards groups of this nature in general. The story is entirely fictitious and bears no relationship to any group or organization to my knowledge,

I have based the story on the song "Master Jack" whose lyrics were written by David Marks, the original song being released in South Africa in 1967 by Four Jacks and a Jill. I have attempted to interpret the message from this song since then and note that there are a variety of interpretations described in various pages accessible through Google. The interpretation I have placed upon the lyrics is a fictitious account and is not derived from any ideas recorded online of which I am aware. 

As usual, I do not condone, approve of or suggest that any activity depicted in this story is attempted in real life. It is, as I say, fiction and nobody in the story is based on or is meant to represent any person in real life. Any such likeness is purely coincidental.

Other than that, enjoy.

*****

I returned to my room to find Alice busily changing the sheets on my bed.

"Hi, Alice, thanks for doing that."

"That's fine, Elizabeth, all part of the service," she replied with a smile, "Ryan told me about your rescue, I guess you'd call it, and I've seen you round but not really to talk with. How're you finding the place?"

"I'm really enjoying living here. Far better than the previous community. I just didn't realize how manipulated I'd been there. It just sneaks up on you; every small rule, restriction or demand they put on you is so logical and almost self-obvious, and the ways people can contribute to the community are carefully and cunningly devised so they appear to suit each person. But when everything is taken together, it is a totally disempowering and can be seen to follow the master plan that is held in Master Jack's head. Everything is sold to us as being best for our own welfare; I guess you'd say that we were not permitted to even have our own thoughts. It's a great example of group-think. I guess it's what communism was like in USSR and possibly still is in China and North Korea. I really appreciate the changes I've noticed here."

"Yeah, it's a great place. So empowering to be able to really do whatever you like so long as you also allow others to do the same. Rules cannot be formulated to cover all situations, so common sense and negotiation must be the basis of any supportive society. I hear you've been sleeping with Cedric since you've been here?"

"Yes, I think that was the main reason he arranged my rescue. However, I've always enjoyed diversity so I guess it's time I handed him back to Evie and see who I can persuade into my bed."

"Oh, that won't be hard. Ryan and I would be very pleased to share your bed, sweetheart, any time you like."

I looked at her, surprised that she would suggest that they would both like to sleep with me. 

"So, do I take it that you're bi?"

"Yes, honey," she replied, stepping closer until our bare breasts were almost touching, "Aren't you?"

I remembered my previous lesbian encounters and wondered how it would be with Alice. It certainly could be fun, I thought. I just hoped I was reading the situation correctly, otherwise I may be digging a huge hole for myself.

"Well, I've had a couple of lesbian encounters," I replied hesitantly.

Alice immediately smiled and rested her arms on my shoulders, then placed her hands behind my neck and pulled me into a deep, open-mouthed kiss, at the same time pressing her body against mine. The feeling of her soft breasts on mine was electrifying and as a surge of desire welled up inside me, I knew I had to make love with her. I placed my hands on her ass cheeks and pulled her pussy against mine, separated only by our lappies. Once we broke our kiss, she reached down and unfastened her lappy, letting it drop to the ground. I followed suit, then we kissed once again, our naked bodies arousing each other by their close contact.

"Lie on the bed," said Alice huskily once we'd broken our embrace.

I did and Alice lay beside me, cuddling, caressing and kissing me while I responded in a similar manner. I felt myself becoming aroused, my desire for more sex turning to a demand as we each pressed a thigh against the other's pussy. Then Alice rolled me onto my back and sat on her haunches, gazing down at me.

"Spread your legs," she commanded.

I obeyed without hesitation, spreading them wide apart as she inspected me closely.

"Beautiful," she said, "Absolutely beautiful."

Alice knelt between my knees and bent forward, lowering her face towards my pussy. Then she gave me a sweet kiss, right on my clit as it mostly hid between my labia. Even just a kiss felt wonderfully arousing. I tried to reach for her breasts to caress her but she placed my arms beside me with a look that said 'Stay', so I did, allowing her to continue to use her mouth to arouse me, licking and sucking on my labia, nipples and finally, on my now aroused clit. The sensations were amazing. I rolled my head from side to side as waves of pleasure washed through me. Then I felt her tongue sliding over my clit and into my slippery trench, finally entering my vagina and sliding as far inside as she could reach. While she lapped at my juices as they flowed down my tunnel, she covered my breasts with her hands, sliding her fingers each side of my aroused nipples and squeezing them hard as she massaged my tit flesh. The sensations were out of this world and I felt myself humping my hips against her face as I tried to increase the sensations enough to reach orgasm.

However, Alice was very much in charge and allowed me to go only as far as she wanted, so that when she released my breasts and sat back upright, I was left high and dry just short of the brink.

"Oooohhh, please, Alice, don't leave me like this. Please let me cum," I begged.

She grinned and chuckled softly, shaking her head. "All in good time," she replied. "Now I want you to do me."

She moved off the bed to allow me to roll over and sit on the edge, then she positioned herself as I had been. I knelt between her knees and inspected her pussy, noticing for the first time a thin gold ring between her labia. I bent forward to look more closely and saw that it seemed to disappear into her clit. 

"I love your ring," I said, "What is it through?"

Alice grinned at me. "It's through the body of my clit," she replied, "It was excruciatingly painful to insert and took an absolute age to heal, but now it's very erotic and Ryan loves to play with it, gently though because it's a very sensitive organ."

"So, what does he do with it?" I asked curiously.

"We're into electro play; have you ever done that?"

"No, never."

"Well, we have a dildo with a metal terminal at the end and a wire runs through the dildo and is attached to several rivets on the head. Then if he clips a pulse generator from that wire and connects the other lead to my clit ring, he can shock me. The generator has a variable output so can go from a gentle and very arousing tingle to a full on painful electric shock. There's also a wireless remote so he can operate it even when we're a short distance apart. Sometimes I wear the generator when we go out in public and on many occasions he's aroused me to orgasm as we shop in a mall. Other times he simply arouses me and then we have fun when we return home. You'll have to try it. We have a clip that goes onto your clit if you don't have a clit ring, but that can be far more sensitive because the stimulation goes through the sensitive head of the clit instead of through the shaft."

"Sounds like fun," I replied, then lowered my mouth to her pussy and began licking and sucking her, hearing her soft moans of arousal. After a while, as her juices began flowing, I pushed my tongue into her love tunnel while massaging and squeezing her breasts, causing the same responses I had given, until she commanded me to stop.

"Did I do something wrong?" I asked.

"No, it was wonderful, but I didn't want to cum that way. So I stopped you just as you stopped, right on the brink."

I realized that I was no longer on the brink and wondered what Alice had in mind now. I didn't have to wait long to find out.

"Ok, lie on your back, legs apart as before," she told me as she rolled off the bed.

I did, and she bent my legs then pushed them as far sideways as they would go, spreading my pussy wide apart. "Hold your knees," she told me, "This is phase two."

She took a jar from the cupboard, opened it and spread lube over her right hand. I wondered how I hadn't noticed the jar before, then realized I hadn't really explored my room properly; it still felt like a guest room. She saw my look of puzzlement on my face and chuckled.

"All the rooms have basic supplies," she said, "I'm not surprised that you haven't investigated."

She then knelt beside me and began sliding a finger over my labia, then between them, spreading me apart, sliding upwards to caress my clit, sending waves of arousal through me. After several minutes of this, she began penetrating my vagina, first with one finger, then two, gently spreading them to widen the entrance. I now knew what she was going to do. Could I take her whole hand inside me, I wondered? I remembered being fisted at the orgy and knew that I could. Gradually, one finger at a time, she added to the size of her intrusion. My pussy easily spread to accommodate her four fingers. Then she placed her thumb against her palm and pushed her whole hand into me, passing the deepest point she had gone with just fingers, watching my face as she pushed deeper and still deeper into me until I felt my entrance close over her wrist. She then held still.

"How's that feel?" she asked.

"Yeah, that's fine. A bit uncomfortable, but otherwise fine."

"Good. You've obviously taken lots of cocks so your muscles have grown to accommodate the size. Just relax."

I did, and she began moving in and out, slowly and erotically. I felt my entrance expand every time she moved out, then contract again as she went in deeper. She began spreading her fingers apart when she was inside, stretching me even more. Interestingly, it felt very different from anything I'd felt before, but it didn't feel all that arousing. I realized the importance of having my clit, breasts and labia stimulated as well, which wasn't happening right now. She continued for a while until I was fully extended inside then gently withdrew her hand and grinned down at me.

"How was that?" she asked.

"Yeah, it was good; no pain, felt strange, not very arousing though."

"No, it's something guys like doing because it makes them feel powerful. No good telling them it doesn't do much for us because it does lots for them."

I realized the truth of what she said and wondered how she'd managed to pick up so much wisdom for one so young. I asked her.

"Huh, I used to be a hooker too. It was one of the first lessons I learnt; keep the customer happy. Make the guy think he's arousing you and even writhe around in simulated orgasm. The tips were great."

I laughed. "So, do you want me to do that for you?"

"Yes, have a play. Won't do much for me but you'll feel what it's like from the other side."

I stood up and she lay on the bed as I had been. I lubed my hand and followed the sequence she had, easing one, two and more fingers into her until finally I could slide my whole hand inside. I could see why guys liked it so much; the feeling of power was amazing. My whole hand, up to my wrist, inside the vagina of a woman. I felt far more aroused doing this than when I was the recipient. While her entrance was so widely spread, I also had a closer look at her clit ring. It seemed like it penetrated quite low down on the shaft, elongating the clit and possibly preventing it from fully retracting when it was not aroused. I commented on this to Alice.

"Does your ring hold your clit out a bit when it's not aroused?"

"Yes, that's the interesting part. If I wear any clothing which is tight through my crotch it will rub on the head and very soon I'll be aroused. So, I rarely wear panties, unless I want that effect. Ryan thinks it's cool to make me horny in public and knows we'll have a very energetic session once we reach home. Swimming in a tight bikini drives us both crazy and we have wonderful sexy sessions afterwards. You can pull your hand out any time you like and we can move onto the fun part."

I opened my fingers a few more times then removed my hand gently, sliding my body up Alice's until we embraced and kissed again. After a few minutes, she pushed me sideways and rolled off the bed.

"Just need to get some things from my room," she said and she headed out the door.

A few moments later Alice returned and dumped a handful of items on the bed. 

"Do you want to have some fun?" she asked.

I nodded enthusiastically, anything to have an orgasm, I felt so frustrated.

She picked up a device with a dildo, battery pack with straps and a couple of wires attached.

"This is my electrostimulator that fits on my ring. Do you want to use it on me and try it yourself?"

"Yes please," I replied, "On you first."

Alice stepped into what looked like a G string, with a battery pack on the waist belt and a huge dildo on the crotch strap. If she was going to take that in her I could see why the preliminary stretching had been needed. She fed the dildo into her vagina as she fastened it around herself then clipped an electrical clip on a short wire to her clit ring, which was visible through a hole in the front. She then handed me a remote control.

"Have fun," she said with a grin as she lay on the bed.

I slid the switch to the 'On' position and watched her carefully. No response so far. I slid the slide adjuster off its stop until it was about half way along the slot, then looked at Alice. She was rolling her head from side to side, moaning softly, so obviously she was enjoying the sensations. I increased it a little, then pushed it all the way to the end, held it for a few seconds and then returned it to the stop position, watching her responses all the time. She was quite startled when it went to the end, gasping for breath as she almost convulsed, then she relaxed and breathed more easily once it was set lower.

"How much do you like?" I asked.

"The top end is too much, the setting you started on is too little; far too frustrating. I can cum from about two thirds up to the end, so anything below two thirds is arousing but frustrating."

I must have an evil mind because I slowly increased the slide until it was slightly over half way up. She was obviously enjoying the sensations; eyes closed, moaning gently, her hips undulating slowly as though responding to someone fucking her.

"You don't get to cum until I cum," I told her.

Her eyes shot open as a slow smile appeared on her face.

"Ok, if that's how you want it, see how you like it. Lie down."

She sat up and retrieved a set of wires and a dildo from the floor. She clipped one wire to the dildo and the other end to a contact on her G string, then slid the dildo into my vagina. She used a flat clip on the other wire to clip it onto my aroused and exposed clit.

"You ready for this?" she asked with an evil grin.

I nodded, and she clipped the end of the wire she was holding to her clit ring. Immediately I felt the electric current pulsing through my clit and my love tunnel. I guessed I was now feeling what she was feeling. I tested this by sliding the adjustment to a lower setting, feeling the stimulation I was receiving decrease. I grinned up at her.

"Can you take as much as you want to give me?" she asked.

"Course I can," I replied, sliding the adjustment up further, watching her respond and feeling my response as the electrical stimulation increased. I felt my hips fucking upwards at nothing, wishing Cedric's cock was there to pummel the insides of my cunt. I increased the slide still further and felt a massive increase in stimulation. Alice was also feeling the increase and her moaning increased as she twisted her nipples hard. I took her hands and put them on my breasts, then cupped hers and twisted her nipples as she had been doing and as she was now doing to me.

Waves of sensation poured through me. I felt so sexy, so ready to cum; I needed to cum. Desperately I pushed the slide to its limit and felt a massive increase in the sensations. Unthinkingly, I rolled onto Alice, lying on her body, pressing my pussy against hers, each of us massaging the breasts of the other. I bent to kiss her and felt her tongue enter my mouth. I moved again and felt a pain in my clit as the clip pulled off and the sensations stopped. I moaned in frustration just as Alice moaned in release, her body trembling and shuddering, writhing in pleasure as her orgasm washed over her. I found the remote and slowly decreased it until it was off.

For the next few minutes I watched in frustration as Alice came down from her release, her breathing gradually slowing. Then she came back to reality and smiled at me.

"Did you enjoy that?"

"Yes," I replied, until the clip came off leaving me high and dry."

"Oh, you poor thing. I'm sorry, I was too into my own pleasure to notice. Here, lie on your back again and I'll clip you into the battery pack."

I lay down again and she reclipped my engorged clit with the smooth clip, then disconnected the battery pack and clipped it directly to my connections. Then she knelt between my spread legs and looked into my eyes as she turned the stimulation up. I felt the waves of sensations pouring through my clit and pussy and began moaning slightly as the pulses aroused me. Alice kept the adjustment below the half way point, arousing me until I was almost crawling off the bed, but not quite enough to push me over the edge. She leant forward and began caressing and squeezing my breasts, twisting my hardened nipples, sending yet more pulses of stimulation through me. I was so close, so, so close, just a bit more.

"More," I told her, looking into her eyes. I was rewarded with a grin and a very slight decrease in the stimulation.

"Noooo!" I cried, "More, not less."

I looked at her grinning face, knowing that she was enjoying torturing me at least as much as I was enjoying being tortured. She bent down and kissed me sexily, our tongues searching each other's mouth, then I felt the stimulation increase slightly. I pushed her tongue out with mine.

"Yessss! More please."

The stimulation crept upwards and my moaning increased as I began humping against her body as it hovered above me. More sensations, more; I was writhing in ecstasy, almost there, nearly, so close, then she must have turned it to maximum and I came with an ear-piercing shriek. Huge waves of pleasure poured through me; my body writhed, shuddered, twisted and contorted under the influence of the electricity zapping between my clit and the end of my cunt as well as the massive orgasm I was experiencing. Alice kept the control on maximum, and the sensations and orgasm just continued, uncontrollable, exhausting, fantastic.

"No more," I managed to croak, noticing the huge grin on Alice's face.

She slowly reduced the stimulation and I felt my orgasm fading, my breathing loud in my ears as I very slowly relaxed, the odd shudder still wracking my body until the electricity stopped and I was able to totally sag in exhaustion. I don't know how long I lay there before she spoke.

"So, I'm guessing you enjoyed that?" 

"Oh, yes, honey, that was incredible," I sighed.
