 12:  Crystal Returns

I like to sing. I have a good voice, perhaps an inheritance from my Celtic ancestors. As I walked into the office one morning in March, I was singing the chorus to an old Irish folk song in a passable baritone:

"Her eyes they shown like the diamonds,
You'd think she was queen of the land.
And her hair hung over her shoulders,
Tied up with a black velvet band."

Julia looked up as I walked into the office. Her smile was bright and warm – she was always glad to see me. And, why not? We fucked like bunnies on a regular basis, she got paid a good salary, our intern was a hot young thing who swung both ways, and every Thursday, we locked the front door pulled down the blinds, and worked naked all day.

"You're pretty cheerful today boss," Julia said.

"Ah, 'tis a glorious day my pretty colleen," I said as I leaned over and kissed Julia on the cheek. "Simply glorious."

She got up and followed me into my office and hung up my suit jacket. She perched her pretty behind on the edge of my desk.

"Now give. What's up?"

"My long suffering spouse has decided to devote herself to the Mother Church and will be joining a convent. She leaves next week."

"What?"

"She's been going to church a lot the past couple of years. And, she's been spending a lot of time reading her Bible and praying. The Priest is a regular visitor for Sunday dinner. I suppose this is her way of leaving me for another man – one who doesn't want sex five times a day."

"And you're happy about this?"

"I'm happy for her. Our kids are grown and on their own. She's retired, and not finding fulfillment as a 'housewife' – I knew she wouldn't, but she wanted to give it a try. Anyway, she'll be happy and that's what counts."

"And you'll be free."

"I think she got the Bishop to annul the marriage – although how you annul a marriage that's produced two children I'll never know, but, yes, I'll be free."

As I had been speaking the front door of the office opened and closed.

"Better see who that is, sweetheart," I said in a very bad Bogart impression, "we could use a client."

Julia smiled at me and swished out the door into the anteroom. She gave her hips an extra little wiggle for me. I smiled and started checking e-mail and appointments. Whoever it was that had just arrived, Julia would handle the situation. Julia stepped back into my office, a big grin on her face.

"There's someone here to see you – a young woman."

"Is she pretty?"

"Yes, very."

"Well then, send her in darling. Send her in and let's have a look at her."

I stood to greet my visitor. And then I smiled. It was Crystal.

Saying "it was Crystal" doesn't quite do it justice. It had been quite a while since my "Good Samaritan" act and I had almost forgotten about some of the Master PC enhancements I'd given her. They'd "taken" and, well, to put it simply, she was gorgeous. Her acne was gone as if it had never been. Her hair was long and full; light brown and silky. Where she'd been a skinny little waif, she was now a real woman – one with just enough curves in the right places to accentuate her slim figure. She could have been a model. If she'd been Asian, she could have been Asa Akira.

"Crystal," I said. And then she was in my arms hugging me like a long lost lover; which, in a way, I suppose I was.

"I kept your business card," she whispered in my ear as we embraced. "I knew I would want to come and see you to say thank you."

I held her at arm's length and looked at her. She was beautiful

"You look wonderful, Crystal. It's good to see you. Come, sit and tell me how you've been," I said, leading her to one of the conference chairs. I saw her look over at the leather sofa as she sat down.

I took a chair myself. "Would you like some coffee? Soda? Water?"

"No, thanks, I'm good."

"So, what brings you to the big city?"

"You."

"Me?"

"Yes. You."

"Hang on a sec," I said, getting up and walking to the doorway. "Julia, hold all my calls for a while please. Thanks." I closed the door and went back to sit down, only to find that Crystal had moved to the sofa.

"More comfortable here, I think," she said, smiling. "Come and join me."

I raised an eyebrow at this, but complied. This was NOT the frightened, frustrated, and angry young thing that I had rescued one rainy afternoon on the Interstate. I sat at the other end of the sofa and half turned so that I was facing her. 

She did the same, but because she was wearing a skirt, I was getting a great look at her lovely thighs. I shifted my focus to her face. She was smiling like the Cheshire Cat.

"So, what can I do for you?" I asked, breaking the first rule of sales.

"You've already done it."

"All I did was buy some tires."

"Oh, I think there was more to it than that. I've been a different person since we met. My whole life has changed – changed for the better. I want to know what you did, because (she put her hands on her breasts) these didn't just happen. (She put her hands on her face) How does someone with acne as bad as mine end up without any scars? I went to my dermatologist and she called it a miracle – said she'd never seen anything like it. So, how?"

"Two questions: Why do you think I had anything to do with this? Why is this so important to you?"

"You swooped into my life and you changed everything. Don't I have the right to ask questions?"

"Of course you do. I'm just not sure I can give you any answers that will make sense. "

"I don't want to sound ungrateful. I can't tell you how much better my life is now. Even my mother is happier than she's been in years. Did you do something to her too?"

In point of fact, I had. I'd given Crystal's mother some upgrades to improve her life as well. No good deed goes unpunished I guess.

"Who says I did anything to either one of you."

"I seem to recall you doing some very nice things to me," she said, giggling a little.

"Yes, well, I think we did some nice things together – that would be more accurate."

"So, David, would you like to get a better look at your handiwork?" She asked, standing up and stepping in front of me. 

I said nothing. She took my silence for permission and began stripping. In seconds, her clothing was in a puddle at her feet and she stood before me, naked, and beautiful. That "beautiful" should probably have been in all caps. She had a body that could only have come from the Master PC program. 

I gave a low whistle of appreciation. Crystal smiled.

"You like?"

"Do I look dead? Of course I like."

She crawled up into my lap. She could feel my cock, like a hot iron bar, pressing against her through my pants.

"Yes, I definitely think you like what you see. Now, how did you do it?"

"Crystal, for heaven's sake, why do you keep insisting that I did something? All I did was rescue a damsel in distress. Whatever happened after that had nothing to do with me." I wasn't about to tell her that I had the world's most powerful piece of techno-magic at my command. "Maybe you're just a late bloomer or something."

"Oh, poo on late bloomers. You know that's not true. I was flat as a board and had a terminal case of acne before I met you and within a month, pop go the twins, zip go the zits, and suddenly I have hair like a Fructis Girl. I don't believe in coincidence. This all started with you."

It would have been easy to spill the beans. It was tempting. A hot young thing was sitting, naked, in my lap. Not much blood was getting to my brain. But, somehow, I managed to resist the urge to blurt out my secret. Then Crystal upped the ante. She slid off my lap and onto her knees between my legs. Her nimble fingers soon had my slacks unbelted, unbuttoned, and unzipped. She was fishing in my boxers for my trouser snake.

"Got it!" She exclaimed in triumph as she brought Mr. Happy into view. It wasn't in view for very long. Within seconds, she'd swallowed me whole. I'd forgotten about that particular upgrade. She went all the way down and stayed down for what seemed like forever, her throat muscles caressing my cock while her lips and tongue performed their own special magic. She came up for air and looked up at me, spit running down her chin and her lips all shiny and red.

"Before I met you, I couldn't get more than a few inches of a boy's cock into my mouth without gagging. Now I swallow dick like Annette Schwartz."

She stood up and spread her legs. Reaching down, Crystal pulled her labia apart, revealing a rather large clitoris and a very full, very swollen, very obviously aroused, set of inner pussy lips.

"See these? More of your handiwork I suspect."

I wondered why I'd given her the intelligence upgrade. She was far too smart and was drawing all the right conclusions. I'd have to take some action to make sure she didn't really put two-and-two together and get four.

"Am I God? As much as I'd like to have that kind of power, Crystal, I don't."

"I think you do, and I think you've used it on me, my mother, and God knows who else. Yourself, probably, for starters."

"Are you happy, Crystal?"

"Never better. I went back to Minnesota State and boy was my ex ever jealous when he saw the guys drooling over me. He couldn't believe it. So that was fun for a while, but I have a taste for more mature men these days, and I keep thinking back to how considerate you were when we had our little encounter along I-35. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to come and find you and give you a little taste of the new me."

Crystal walked over and plopped back down on the sofa. Spreading her legs obscenely, she began to play with her pussy, stroking her clit while plunging three fingers into her gash. That was more invitation than I needed. Kicking off my shoes, I slipped off my trousers and boxers. I tore off my socks and quickly divested myself of my shirt and t-shirt. I walked to the couch, my cock bobbing ahead of me like the bow spirit on a clipper ship.

Her excitement was written all over her flesh from the sex flush spreading upwards from her chest to the swollen lips of her juicy pussy. I could not wait to plunge balls deep into that seething cauldron of cunt juice – and I didn't. Kneeling at the sofa, I rubbed the head of my dick up and down her slit to lubricate it and then I plunged inside. It was incredibly hot, wet, and tight. I remembered how tight she'd been the night we'd been thrown together in that hotel room next to the interstate. She was every bit as tight as that now. But that was the only similarity between what had happened on that rainy night when I first met Crystal and what was taking place on the Natuzzi in my private office.

"YEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!" Crystal cried. 

I grunted as my cock hit bottom and I felt my balls slap up against her butt. I held it there, pushing to get every last centimeter inside her, and then I ground my pubis against hers. She moaned with pleasure.

"You don't know how often I've dreamed of this," she gasped as I flexed my cock in her guts.

I covered her mouth with mine and began to move my hips. Slowly I withdrew, enjoying the feeling of her inner flesh, slick with desire, yet still somehow clinging to my dick as if she was loath to give it up. When just the last inch was still enveloped in her warm wet sheath I pushed in again, slowly, savoring the feeling. Her hips pressed up against me as I once again hit bottom. She too wanted all of me inside her.

Our mouths were glued together, our tongues battling for supremacy. I picked up the pace of my thrusts and soon our kiss broke as our breathing quickened. She matched me thrust for thrust, cocking her hips up as I repeatedly impaled her on my fleshy spear. Her eyes never left mine and her face wore an expression of fierce concentration overlaid with pleasure. This was definitely not the helpless waif I'd boffed in the motel room. Her pussy muscles rippled up and down my shaft like a Fleshlight. I could feel her juices leaking onto my balls every time they slapped against her asshole.

Suddenly, I pulled out my cock and got to my feet. Grabbing Crystal's hips, I pulled her down so that her ass was on the edge of the sofa, then pressed her legs back until her feet were pressed against the back of the sofa. Hardly missing a beat, I shoved my cock back into her wide open pussy and started hammering her into the leather cushions.

Crystal went wild. She was screaming and grunting on every stroke. I smiled, thinking of Julia sitting in the next room listening – well it wouldn't be the first time she'd heard noises like this from my private office and it wouldn't be the last. 

Now I really picked up the pace until I was plunging my cock into Crystal's pussy like one of those dildos on the end of a reciprocating saw they use at Fucking Machines. Crystal's mouth was open in an "O" of surprise as I took it up a notch but no sound was coming out at the moment. She had her ankles gripped tightly in her hands and her eyes never left mine for an instant as I pummeled her pussy flesh. And oh what pussy flesh that was. Crystal's innards were gripping me like a well lubricated and powerful fist. She was cumming continuously as I pounded her without mercy.

I yanked my Johnson out of her coochie again and flipped her over so I could do her doggie style. I flopped her over the arm of the sofa – she was too far gone to hold herself up on her knees – and began deep stroking at a somewhat slower pace. She had found her voice by this time and was grunting on every stroke, each grunt connected by a continuous moaning sound that originated somewhere deep inside her soul.

My own lust was building to the boiling point very quickly as her inner flesh continued its magic massage on my cock. Grabbing her hips, I pulled her to me, burying myself to the last inch in her warm wet depths and released my load into her clenching sheath.

"Oh fuck! I feel you cumming in me!" Crystal cried out with joy as I flooded her insides with guy goo.

This seemed to set off another mini-tsunami of pleasure that made Crystal's whole body quiver with lust. One, two, three, four geysers of jism splashed against Crystal's cervix. I gathered her to me and held her tightly while we both came down from the pleasure mountain we'd climbed together.

Yes, this was shaping up to be a great day. If only I could keep Crystal from asking too many more questions. I nuzzled her neck with my lips and she sighed with contentment.

"That was even better than in the hotel," she murmured. 

"Oh, I think the hotel was pretty special," I replied. She twisted in my arms so that she was facing me, and looked into my face.

"It was special for you too?"

"Yes. It was very special. I like sex and I think every time I have it that it's good, but there was something about that night that stays with me. I was very happy to see you."

"I'm glad. I wasn't sure when I came here how you'd feel or if you'd even remember me."

"No danger there, sweetie."

"So, are you going to tell me what you did to me?"

"No. Just be happy with it."

She frowned. I decided to change the subject.

"Do you have a summer job?"

"No, but I'm looking. Why?"

"You could come and work for me."

"What would I be doing?"

"Learning. Having fun. Making money. Meeting new people. The usual."

"Do I get to fuck the boss?"

"Regularly. And, his assistant if you're lucky, plus we have an intern who'd really dig you."

"Your assistant is a lesbian?"

"No, she just likes sex and doesn't feel like gender ought to get in the way of a good time. Same thing with my intern. We party together a lot, and on Thursdays, clothing in the office is definitely optional."

"Your assistant is beautiful." Crystal paused. "But I've never been with a woman before."

"Then you don't know what you're missing. Julia is an amazing lover. Want me to call her in here?"

"What? Right now? We're laying here naked and my pussy is flooding cum."

"Perfect timing then, because Julia loves cleaning up a well fucked pussy with her tongue, and I like watching her do it."

Crystal gave me a funny look and then sort of shrugged her shoulders. I could tell she was a little nervous though. I got up and went over to the desk. I picked up the phone and punched the number for Julia's extension before Crystal could change her mind. I had a hunch that she was still a little out of it from our session but still I knew I had to act fast.

"Hey Julia...How would you like to initiate my good friend Crystal into the Sapphic Arts? Fresh cream pie."

I had hardly put the phone down when the door opened and Julia stepped in. She closed the door behind her and locked it. She gave me a quizzical look as she stood there with her back to the door glancing from me to the naked teenager on the sofa and back again.

"Julia, this is Crystal. She's going to come and work for us this summer. We just finished her orientation and I discovered that she's never been with a woman before, so I thought you might enjoy being her first. Crystal, say hello to Julia," I said, grinning.

Julia was smiling now, like a shark looking at a tasty school of mackerel or something.

"Hello, Crystal," she said, walking over to the sofa and sitting down next to Crystal and extending her hand.

"Uh, hi," Crystal said, a little doubt in her voice as she took Julia's well manicured hand in her own.

"So, I see that you've been given David's usual new employee orientation," Julia said, looking down at the well fucked pussy between Crystal's legs and then up at me, and, for just a moment, I almost felt embarrassed. My prodigious load was leaking out from between the puffy lips of Crystal's pussy and crawling down her crease. Crystal looked down and giggled.

"Does he do this to all the new employees?"

"Mmmm...yes he does," Julia said, smiling at Crystal. "But it's a two part orientation these days and I'm the second part," Julia said, licking her lips – it was totally lewd, the way she did that. When she did that to me it never failed to make my cock hard. Crystal actually moaned.

"May I proceed with the orientation, Crystal?"

Crystal hesitated for a moment and then said, "OK."

Julia spread Crystal's legs, grabbing her behind the knees and pushing her legs up and apart, spreading the younger woman's well used crotch for all the world, or at least the other two people in the room, to see.

"Oh, David, you've left me a nice little snack here I see," Julia said as she positioned herself for pussy eating. She didn't wait for me to respond, but lowered her head and fastened her talented mouth to Crystal's love portal.

"Fuck!" Crystal gasped as she felt Julia's lips and tongue ministering to her tenderized tissues. Julia knew what the aftermath of a good drubbing could do to a woman's pussy and she used all of her considerable talents to gently probe and sooth the well flogged flesh. But she didn't let any more of my precious elixir escape either. She greedily sucked up every drop she could find, and Crystal was soon squirming under Julia's oral assault.

I moved up behind Julia, flipped up her skirt, pulled down her panties, and plunged my brand new erection into Julia's sopping pussy. She'd obviously been turned on by the combination of listening to our vigorous lovemaking as well as licking the younger woman's freshly fucked pussy.

"Ohhhhhhh," Julia moaned into Crystal's cooze. But she didn't miss a beat in her oral ministrations. I didn't waste any time on preliminaries but started pounding Julia's eager love grotto with swift strokes. He could tell that she was close to climaxing already, and Crystal seemed about to go over the edge as well, and so, he let himself go.

"FUCK!" 

"I'M"

"CUMMMMINNGGG"

We all shouted in unison as each us achieved our own version of orgasmic bliss. Julia was still tasting my cum from Crystal's cunt as her own was deluged with my fresh semen delivery, and Crystal was blissing out on the feeling of another woman's mouth on her most private area. It took a few minutes, but we finally disengaged from each other and fell into a heap on the sofa. Julia took Crystal in her arms and kissed her long and tenderly. I watched, an amused smile on my lips.
