 Thomas and Jennifer had been dating for six months. They met one night while chatting online. Both were very surprised to find that they lived only about 15 minutes from each other.

They spent some time chatting and getting to know each other but right from the start there seemed to be a connection. Not just any connection but something explosive. Jennifer's pussy would start dripping the second Thomas would pop online to say hello. Little did she know that, at the same time, Thomas's cock would become rock hard at thinking of talking to her online.

This went on for about a month. They had phone sex regularly but Jennifer was a little reluctant to meet just because she had seen so many news reports about women who had met men and it didn't turn out very well. She felt like she needed to be a little more cautious. But Jennifer knew she loved masturbating while she talked to Thomas and finally decided that it was time to give in to his requests to meet. She felt that if she didn't meet him, she would lose him. So, she agreed to meet him at a restaurant near where both lived.

Immediately upon seeing her in her cute little skirt and sleeveless button down shirt, Thomas knew he had to have Jennifer. From talking to her for so long, Thomas knew there were no panties under that skirt either. He knew that somehow he had to convince this woman to come home with him now – this very second. He wasn't sure it would be possible though because it had taken him this long to get her to agree to meet with him. 

Jennifer was flustered when she saw Thomas. She had seen pictures of him but they didn't do him justice at all. He was about 5 inches taller than she was and he was wearing tight fitting jeans that left nothing to the imagination and a light blue button down shirt. She wondered how she was going to keep her hands to herself or if she even wanted to for that matter. 

Needless to say, that one meeting turned into the last six months. In that time, they had had the most incredible mind blowing sex either had ever had. Only one thing would have made it better for Thomas – he wanted Jennifer to masturbate for him.

He couldn't understand why she wouldn't do it because he knew how much she loved to masturbate when they had talked on the phone. There was nothing Thomas could do that would get Jennifer to fulfill this small wish. He had begged and pleaded but she had said she was shy and didn't "feel right" doing it for him. Thomas was very disappointed.

Jennifer did love to masturbate with Thomas on the phone but something about doing it in front of him made her shy and embarrassed. She could see by the look on his face that he was getting tired of asking and hearing her say no. She just couldn't bring herself to do it for him.

Jennifer had given Thomas a key to her apartment just last week and had told him to use it whenever he wanted. She never dreamed it would be today. The day she was masturbating while envisioning Thomas fucking her. She thought he was working late today and would be over after to have dinner with her. Jennifer was in for a big surprise but Thomas's surprise would be bigger.

Thomas had stopped to buy roses for Jennifer to leave in her apartment as a surprise for when she came home. He walked in using the key she had given him. He sat the roses on the counter in the kitchen because he knew her well enough to know that she would come in to get a drink when she got home. Thomas could imagine the surprised look on Jennifer's face when she saw the flowers.

Thomas was just about to leave when he heard a sound coming from the bedroom. At first he couldn't figure out what it was. As he got closer he could see the door ajar and the noise was getting louder. He stopped dead in his tracks because he knew what that sound was. It hit him like a ton of bricks. Jennifer was home and she was MASTURBATING.

Immediately, Thomas's cock was hard. This was what he'd been begging her to do for him. He heard her moan and say, "Oh yes, Thomas! Fuck me baby." He had to see her. He crept up to the door and could just see her with two fingers in her pussy moving them in and out as she cried out his name. She was fucking herself and imagining it was his rock hard cock going in and out of her wet, juicy pussy. Thomas didn't have to look very hard to see how wet Jennifer's pussy was. He could see it from the door.

He watched her for a few more minutes as she took her fingers out of her pussy and licked them clean. She closed her eyes as she enjoyed the taste of her juices. Then Jennifer picked up the vibrator beside her and thrust it hard into her wet pussy. She moaned as she started thrusting it in and out. Harder and harder she worked the vibrator. Moaning her pleasure. 

Thomas knew it wouldn't be long before Jennifer would cum. He decided he want to be kneeling over her licking her slippery cunt when she did but he knew he would have to hurry and be very silent as he approached her.

Silently, Thomas slipped his pants off. Then he took off his shirt. He was naked with only his rock hard cock to show how aroused he was at catching Jennifer masturbating in her apartment. He couldn't help it – he had to touch himself.

Jennifer's moaning got louder. Thomas silently slipped into the room. He stood watching her rubbing her clit for a few more seconds. Her eyes were closed so she didn't see him.

Thomas thought she was lovely lying back against the pillows with her creamy breasts peeking out over her demi-bra. Other wise she was completely nude. She had her legs spread wide and he could see the small patch of hair around the lips of her pussy as she fucked herself faster with the vibrator.

Thomas slowly -- so he wouldn't scare her and break the mood – walked over and knelt down in front of Jennifer. He touched her inner thigh and she opened her eyes to see him there.

Jennifer blushed and was about to sit up and ask Thomas what he was doing there when she felt his warm wet tongue start licking her pussy. After that, she leaned back against the pillows and let him have his way.

Thomas stopped long enough to ask her to play with her tits and pinch her nipples. They were so hard he knew she wouldn't have to work too hard to heighten her pleasure. He kept licking as he reached around and put a finger in her ass. Jennifer started a little because he had never done that before but just as quickly she was moaning her pleasure even louder than before.

"More Thomas! Please, more!" she cried. Thomas knew it wouldn't be long before she would cum for him. 

He quickly stood up at the first sounds of her cumming and thrust into her hard and fast. He heard her cumming and kept thrusting into her warm wet pussy so hard until they both came so hard together. She screamed his name and begged for him not to stop.

He could feel Jennifer's lovely cum dripping down his still hard cock as he filled her pussy with a huge load of cum. 

Jennifer felt Thomas cum in her and a huge satisfaction washed over her. 

Thomas lay down beside Jennifer and puts his arms around her still trembling body. He kissed her lightly all over her face. She had just given him his heart's desire. He had seen her masturbating for him even though she hadn't known he was there. 

They both knew at that moment that Jennifer would no longer be too shy to masturbate for Thomas and he couldn't wait until she would do it again for him. And he wouldn't have to wait long!