 I never knew that my girlfriend liked to watch me masturbate. The things you find out after living together for over a year.

My girlfriend, MaryAnne, had gone to bed early while I finished watching a movie on the TV. MaryAnne was fantastic - absolutely hilarious, give-anything-a-go kind of girl. She was stacked - big boobs and big personality. She was also very generous; she gave some of her close friends the keys to our house so they could drop by if they were in the area without waiting for her to come home. She had some stunning friends!!

A side story here: once I was home early and had done work in the yard - mowing the lawn, weeding the garden; those outdoorsy things that have to be done. I finished up and then came inside and had a shower. As we usually do, I wandered from the shower, down the hall and into our bedroom in the nude - no fancy en-suite bathroom here! I didn't hear Jo come in the house, but she certainly saw all of me as she turned into the hallway the same time as I did. I tried to cover up with a towel I was carrying and go past her into the bedroom. Unfortunately, Jo was like MaryAnne in personality. As I moved past her, she grabbed the towel and ripped it off me, leaving me starkers with Jo staring at me, staring from top to toes, lingering when she got to my midriff. And laughing loudly at my discomfort. I was probably red all over.

She giggled and ran off, with the towel as a prize while I shot off into the bedroom to get some clothes on. Now, Jo was a very attractive woman, small boobs, fantastic figure. MaryAnne told me she had a crush on me and loved it when she told Jo some of the things we got up to. I think she knew most of the things we did in the bedroom or wherever it took our fancy. I wouldn't have done anything with Jo; MaryAnne is certainly too wonderful a girlfriend to do that to. But if I wasn't with MaryAnne - that's another story altogether!

Later that night I went to bed and slipped in beside Maryanne. Then I started thinking about how I'd cum over her chest the day before and she made me lick my cum off her boobs before forcing me to go down on her until she had an orgasm. I was getting hard just thinking about that. I put my hand on my cock and started gently stroking myself. I looked at Maryanne in the moonlight; she was on her side facing me. We usually wore eyemasks to be as the sun rises at about 4.50am in the summer - far too early to get up. She didn't have her eyemask on tonight; she must have been very tired when she went to bed.

She looked like she was in a deep sleep, so I started stroking myself, thinking of seeing my cum on her boobs, running down her cleavage; and the taste of my cum - oh the lovely taste.

I started stroking myself faster and faster, but all the time trying to control my breathing and movements so I didn't wake Maryanne. It didn't take long until I exploded; my cum splattering over my belly and chest. Ah, what splendid relief. As I lay there, slowly getting my breathing back to normal, Maryanne snuggled up to me and threw her arm over my belly; right in a pool of cum. I was trapped - I couldn't move; my girlfriend had her arm in a pool of my cum. Nothing for it but to try to wipe away my cum (one last taste!) and go to sleep.

The next morning we woke up. I gave Maryanne a kiss as usual and started to get out of bed. That's when she, very casually, asked me if I had a good sleep and made a point of looking at her forearm and licking it.

I replied that I had a great night's sleep, thank you very much.

Maryanne replied "No wonder you did. You always sleep well after you have an orgasm."

"Ohhhh," I thought, "maybe she wasn't asleep."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Oh, stop it - I watched you wank yourself last night and blow all over your belly. Why do you think I put my arm on your stomach?"

I now knew that she knew. "Yes, I had a wank beside you last night - I was thinking about how I blew my load over your boobs and licked my cum off you and you forced me to go down on you. Of course I got randy and wanted to cum again. So what??"

"So what??" she replied. "So what?? I wanted to join in and suck that cock of yours before you blew your load. I missed out and that's not fair."

I apologized, telling her I didn't want to wake her and I had hoped she didn't wake up.

A couple of weeks passed. After that night, Maryanne started to get me to wank myself until I was about to blow, then she'd leap on top of me ride me until I'd cum deep in her. She got so turned on watching me wank that she'd cum very quickly, or after I'd finished she'd ride my face until she had an orgasm.

One night, she let it slip that she'd let Jo know about me masturbating. She told me that Jo thought that was fantastic and how she'd love to watch.

A few more weeks passed and Maryanne told me she had to go to Sydney for the day for work and not be back until late that night and that she was not able to be contacted as she was I meetings all day.

I came home a little early from work and had a shower. I walked naked into my room and there was a typed, unsigned note on the pillow. The note wasn't there before. The note told me to put on my eyemask, tight so I couldn't see out. I was to then start stroking myself and let my imagination run riot with sexual thoughts and ideas. The note told me to cum over my belly and to not try to clean it up - that would be taken care of. This must be one of Maryanne's sexual tricks - she mustn't have gone to Sydney. 

I started thinking about Maryanne going down on me; and the time, years ago with another girlfriend, how three of us had sex - a girl on my cock and a girl on my face. I was hard, I was feeling my cum building up in my balls. I was moaning loudly as the pleasure grew. Then I exploded; cum shooting over my belly and chest. I was about to clean myself up when I remembered I was told not to.

Suddenly, I felt something scraping over my belly. I didn't move, wondering what was happening. The scraping stopped and then I felt something on my lips. I opened my mouth and a small spoon was pushed in. Then I tasted my cum. "Oh dear God!" I thought. "Maryanne's come home and set me up, spooning my cum into my mouth."

The spooning of my cum into mouth happened a few more times; all in absolute silence with no touching. Then it stopped. I waited in anticipation, but nothing. All I heard was the front door being closed and locked.

I then took off my eyemask and walked through the house; still naked.

No-one was home.

"What a great way for Maryanne to get me off." I thought. "When she gets home tonight, from "her trip to Sydney" she'll have a whole lot of orgasms coming her way!"

Maryanne did come home later that night; looking very tired. I asked how her "meetings" went. She looked at me strangely and replied that they went OK, but it was exhausting.

I hinted about the event that afternoon and how much I enjoyed myself. She looked at me very strangely, again, and told me that she was in Sydney and had no idea what I was talking about. I then told her the details. She said she had no idea, that it was very weird and that she was too tired to think about it and went to bed.

The next weekend we had people over for a party. A number of Mary-Anne's friends came round and we started, perhaps a bit early, to get drunk. We were having a great time, joking, laughing, mucking around. Jo sidled up to me and asked if I wore an eyemask still and if I wanted her to spoon some jelly into my mouth. 

"Was it Jo?" I asked myself. "Surely not; Maryanne told me that she'd told Jo I was completely off limits." 

I looked at Jo and she winked and walked away.

I still don't know who the mystery person was. Maryanne, who is a terrible liar, tells me that it definitely wasn't her and that she had no knowledge of it. But she wasn't quite being honest; I could tell. I asked Jo if she'd been around to the house lately and she told me no. But she looked away and walked off all too quickly.

A wonderful surprise, but I don't know who it was or why. Can't help but hope I get another note.