 Master PC 10: Good Samaritan

It was raining. No, it was more than that -- someone upstairs had tipped over a bucket. It was pouring down rain. The windshield wipers on the DeVille were just barely able to keep up with the downpour. Traffic was moving slowly on the Interstate. David Donaldson was coming home from another highly successful consulting gig. He didn't mind the rain. He had plenty of time to get home and was in a great mood.

Then he saw a set of emergency flashers up ahead. He slowed down. The flashers belonged to a late 90's Taurus parked along the side of the freeway. The trunk was open. Someone had a flat tire. David slowed down further and pulled in ahead of the old Ford. He pulled his rain slicker out of the back seat, pulled his Milwaukee Brewers baseball cap down tight on his head, slid across the seat to get out on the passenger side of the midnight blue Cadillac, and stepped out into the rain.

"Need some help?" David asked as he came around the back of the Taurus. 

"Shit! You scared the hell out of me," squeaked the thoroughly soaked person squatting next to the right rear of the car. She, he presumed it was a she from the sound of the voice, had dropped the jack handle.

"Why don't you get back in the car and stay warm while I finish this?" David asked. "I can see you're struggling and it will only take me a minute or two to get you back on the road."

She looked at him, skeptically. But she was considering his offer.

"I'm already as wet as I'm likely to get, Mr. and I don't know you. What if you're some serial killer or something?"

"Well, in that case, I'd have already bashed you over the head, or drugged you, or done something else. My name's David. David Donaldson," he finished putting out his hand.

She looked at his hand and then, reaching a decision, she put down the tire iron and put her wet hand in his warm, dry, one.

"I'm Crystal. Go ahead. This isn't working out very well for me."

"Well, let's see if I can make things better for you, OK? Do you have any dry clothing in your car?"

"Mr., I don't have any clothing with me except what I'm wearing."

"OK, well, get in out of this rain and run your heater -- your teeth are chattering."

Crystal didn't say anything. She got up and got back into her car. A moment later, David heard the motor start up. He turned his attention to getting the Ford POS up on the jack so the flat could be removed. That was the work of a few moments for someone with David's unique abilities. His fingers worked like air wrenches, quickly getting the lug nuts off the flat. He pulled the wheel off and set it aside, then went back to the trunk for the spare.

"Hmmm...well, this is going to be a problem," he said to no one in particular. The spare was flat. It was one of those donut jobs, but something had damaged this one and it was now about as useless as a screen door in a submarine. David picked up the flat tire and looked at it. The sidewall was completely ruined -- no hope at all of repairing it. He tossed it (gently) into the trunk of his car.

He knocked on the passenger window of Crystal's car. It slid down and she leaned over from the driver's side to see what he wanted.

"Crystal, I've got some bad news. Your tire is shot and so is your spare. There's an exit about a mile north of here, and maybe there's a tire store with a mechanic. Maybe they've got a tire that'll fit this rim -- it's a pretty common size."

Tears began to run down Crystal's cheeks.

"I don't have any money. I've got just enough gas to get home and that's it. I maybe have ten bucks," she said, sobbing.

"Where's home?"

"Moose Lake."

Moose Lake is a small community located a little over a hundred miles north of St. Paul on Interstate 35. Its claim to fame is a mental hospital. Well, it used to be a mental hospital -- I think they turned it into a prison a few years back. Their other claim to fame is that a young female convenience store clerk was kidnapped and murdered there a few years ago. 

David had been headed out of Rochester, Minnesota and was still south of the Twin Cities when he'd come across this damsel in distress.

"OK. Crystal, here's what we're going to do. Grab your keys, lock your car, and come with me. We're going to find a tire store in the next little burg and get you a tire. I'll pay for it. Then we'll come back and I'll put the tire on, and you can be on your way. You need to find a new spare though because yours is shot. Try a junk yard."

She started to protest. "I can't let you do all that," she said, still sobbing.

"Crystal, listen to me. I have a daughter. She's older than you, but I'm still her daddy. If she was stranded I would hope that someone would help her just like I'm helping you. C'mon. Let's get going before everything closes and we can't get a tire."

David held out his hand and Crystal took it. It was ice cold. He led her to the passenger side of his car and helped her in. She was still crying. David went around to his side of the Cadillac and got in. Seconds later he was back on the freeway headed north.

At the next exit, David pulled off and headed into the little town. There was indeed a tire store -- one of those national chain tire stores -- but they were closed "for inventory." The old fashioned "filling station" with a real live mechanic is, apparently, a thing of the past. There was no place to get a new tire. Crystal's car wasn't going anywhere without one. Crystal was scared.

"OK, let's talk about plan B. Your car isn't going anywhere until we get a tire. We can't get a tire until tomorrow. You're soaked to the skin and your teeth are chattering even though I've got the heater on max. You need dry clothing and some rest. There's gotta be a big box mart some place near here where we can get you some dry clothing. Then we'll figure out what to do next, preferably over a hot meal."

"I told you I don't have any money."

"My hearing works just fine, thank you, and, as it happens, you don't need money because I have some."

"I'm not having sex with you."

David's mouth hung open in surprise. He hadn't even thought of bedding this little waif. And she was little. Stick thin with the last vestiges of teenaged acne on her face; she had short straight hair that was mostly dark brown except for streaks of fuchsia here and there. She was wearing glasses, which added to her mousy look. She wasn't his type by any means, and up to this point he hadn't even thought about sex with her.

"Is that what you thought this was about? Really? Crystal, you watch too much television. Not every Good Samaritan is an axe murderer or a sex fiend. "

David knew before he even spoke that this was one of those no-win scenarios. Like when your wife asks you "if I died, would you re-marry?" just as you're going to fall asleep. No way to answer that without pissing her off. It's a trick question.

"So, you don't think I'm pretty enough to have sex with then?"

"Crystal, sex isn't about pretty or handsome. Sex is about lust and sometimes about love. Different things turn different people on. Now, do you want my help or do you want me to drive you back to your car and drop you off?"

Crystal sat in silence for a moment, her head down. The wind shield wipers made their whoosh-whoosh noises. The rain beat on the metal skin of the car. The lights from other cars made weird prisms as their beams passed through the rain drops running down the windows. 

"I'm sorry. I'm being a total jerk. You're trying to help me. I know that. But I just broke up with my boyfriend and I lost my job. I'm kind of messed up right now, and I'm scared. I don't know what to do or who to trust."

"Did you call your parents and tell them you were coming home?"

"My phone got shut off cos I didn't pay the bill. My mom doesn't know I'm coming."

"What about your Dad?"

"He died about ten years ago."

"I'm sorry, Crystal. OK, you're in a bad place right now and I can't do anything about your boyfriend or your job, but I can let you use my cell phone and I can make sure you get some dry clothes and a safe place to stay for the night. Then, tomorrow, we'll get your tire fixed and you can finish your trip home."

David took out his iPhone, unlocked it, and handed it to Crystal. She took it without a word and made a call.

"Mom? Hi. No, it isn't my phone. Mine got shut off. Listen, Mom, bad stuff has been happening to me and I need to come home for a little bit and get things sorted out. Just for a week or so until I can get something else figured. I got fired. One of the customers pinched my butt and I slapped him. He was a friend of the owner. Go figure. Yeah, I know. Billy? We broke up. He was cheating on me with Stacy. Look, I'll be home sometime tomorrow. Love you too. Bye."

She disconnected the call and handed the phone back to David.

"Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome. Now, I want you to call a friend, since you didn't seem to want to tell your mother about your car, and tell them what your situation is and who is helping you."

"Why do you want me to do that?"

"Because you would be foolish not to."

"You're weird."

David smiled and handed Crystal the phone again. She made another call. This one was longer, and by the time it was done, David was pulling into the parking lot of one of those big box stores that's open 24/7.

Crystal ended the call and handed the phone back.

"Now what?"

"Here's 200 bucks. Go in and buy yourself something to wear, and any other girl stuff you might need for the night. While you're doing that, I'm going to find a couple of hotel rooms and a good place to eat."

"OK, but you're still weird. Nice, but weird," Crystal said, pocketing the money and opening her door. She dashed through the rain, which was slowing down considerably, and soon disappeared into the depths of retail hell.

David consulted his trusty iPhone and soon had a pair of rooms at a nearby chain hotel next to a restaurant. How convenient was that?

Half an hour later, and much sooner than he had expected, Crystal came back out of the store with a couple of bags and an umbrella. Her old clothes were in the bags. She was wearing the new, dry, clothes and a new jacket.

"Caught a sale," she said, breathlessly as she climbed back into the car. "Here's your change."

"Keep it -- you'll need it to buy a tire tomorrow morning."

David put the car in gear and they drove off into the dark, wet, evening.

"I found us a place to stay. Let's get situated there and then go get something to eat. There's a place next to the hotel. It's pretty generic, but that also means it's predictable. We should at least be able to get filled up for a reasonable price."

Crystal was quiet on the drive to the hotel. She gave her name to the clerk when he asked for it and then silently took her key after signing in. They had adjoining rooms. Crystal was still shivering with cold. David wrapped his jacket around her as they walked to the elevator.

"Take a hot shower and then we'll go get something to eat," he told her as she put the key in the door to her room. "Come and knock on my door when you're ready to go."

"OK," she said, quietly as she disappeared into her room and the door closed behind her with a soft click.

David set his suitcase on the stand in the closet and took out his laptop. He had to rearrange a few things for the next day in order to help Crystal. He was working away when he heard a knock on his door.

"That was quick," he thought as he went to answer it. Then he looked at his watch and realized that he'd been working for half an hour.

"Here's your jacket," Crystal said, handing him the jacket he'd placed on her shoulders on their way up to the rooms.

"Thanks.I don't know about you, Crystal, but I'm famished," David said as they walked back down the hall to the elevator. Crystal grunted something that sounded affirmative but was otherwise silent.

About ten minutes later they were in a booth at Perkins. Yeah, I know, Perkins. Hey, it's boring, but they are absolutely everywhere and the food is pretty much the same in all of them. And, you can get breakfast 24/7. David ordered the "Classic Egg Favorites" with sausage links, hot cakes, and decaf. Crystal ordered a salad.

"How do you stay so trim eating food like that," Crystal asked as the waitress walked off with their orders.

"I'm pure of heart and I work out a lot," David said, smiling. "If she only knew," he thought. And then he had another thought. Slowly a plan began to form in his mind, a plan to help Crystal get over this little bump in the road of life. "Why not? What can it hurt?" Those two questions have caused more trouble than any other six words uttered in the history of humanity.

Crystal actually laughed at this. It wasn't a full blown belly laugh, but it was a chuckle, and it left a smile in its wake.

Over the meal, which they both badly needed, David was able to draw Crystal out a bit about her school and work situation. Crystal had always been something of a loner. She was, she said, the ugly duckling. She'd grown up shy and timid. She was bad at standing up for herself. Her boyfriend had been a real jerk -- verbally abusive and prone to mind games. Her mom worked two jobs and hadn't had much time for Crystal after her husband, Crystal's father, passed away. 

The bottom line, as far as David was concerned, was that Crystal had very low self esteem and an almost total lack of self respect. She slouched when she stood. She always looked as though she was about to get slapped. She cringed a lot. David felt that it would be a good idea for him to give her some Master PC help.

David kept the conversation focused on Crystal. He teased her gently and made her laugh a few more times. 

When their meal was finished, they went back to the hotel and their respective rooms. David changed into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, his standard lounging attire, and fired up his laptop again. This time, instead of his e-mail or word processing software, he called up the Master PC program. Seconds later, a picture of Crystal, now in a t-shirt and panties, was slowly rotating on the screen.

"OK, where to start..."

For the next twenty minutes the only sound in the room was the clicking of keys and the air handling system cycling on and off. Finally...

"There. That ought to do it for starters."

David had programmed in some changes to Crystal's personality that would gradually take effect over the next few days and weeks. He'd also programmed in some physical changes that she would enjoy -- a few of those would be apparent to her as soon as she next looked into a mirror, while others would take a bit to make themselves known. She would be stronger, both mentally and physically, have a more positive outlook, and be able to see others as people she needed to relate to rather than as threats.

He had just finished when his room phone rang.

"That's odd," he thought. "Well, I suppose it's the manager calling to thank me for staying at his hotel and making sure I have everything I need for the night."

Instead, it was Crystal.

"David? Would you come to my room please?"

She sounded all weepy again.

"Sure. I'll be right there."

He grabbed his room key and went next door, knocking lightly and then stepping back. He didn't want to appear in any way threatening.

The door opened. The room was dark. David stepped in. The next thing he knew, Crystal was in his arms with her head against his chest and she was sobbing.

"Crystal? What's wrong kiddo?"

"W-w-w-would y-y-you hold me please?" J-j-j-ust hold me?" Crystal managed to get out through the sobs.

David did what she asked. He held her, gently stroking her back and hair and letting her feel his warmth and strength. She was shaking. It was cold in the room -- she hadn't turned the heat up.

"Crystal, you're freezing. Let's get you into bed and under the covers. You need to warm up."

She allowed him to lead her to the bed and tuck her in.

"I don't want to be alone tonight. Would you stay with me and hold me?"

David thought "Oh-oh -- this could be trouble," but what he said aloud was, "Sure Crystal. I'll stay right here with you." He got an extra blanket out of the closet and then lay down next to Crystal on top of the bed spread. He pulled the blanket over both of them and put his arm over Crystal, careful not to let his hand go someplace it wasn't supposed to.

"You need to be under the covers, David."

Warning bells were clanging in David's brain. He wasn't wearing anything under the shorts. This was dynamite for sure, but the sniffling young girl lying next to him was, he figured, not thinking about anything except how scared and miserable she felt.

Very carefully, David insinuated himself under the covers. Crystal immediately rolled into his arms and snuggled up to him with her head at his chest. She was shaking. He rubbed her back and pulled the covers tighter around them.

Gradually the sobbing and sniffling subsided and he felt her body relax. Her breathing was soft and regular. She was asleep. She'd gone from scared and teary eyed to asleep in just a few minutes. Well, at least she wasn't afraid of him anymore.

David smiled as he thought of what Julia would say when he told her this story. "You were in bed with a young girl and you didn't fuck her?" And with that thought in mind, he went to sleep...and woke up some time later from a very erotic dream in which he'd been getting a deliciously slow and very wet blow job.

Only it wasn't a dream. There was a very wet, very insistent, mouth on his dick. For the first few moments after David woke up in the darkened room he was just disoriented enough to think that Julia had come on this road trip after all (she'd begged off due to a family event she needed to attend). Only when his hands went down to find the full head of blonde hair, they met the short straight hair of a stranger.

No, not a stranger. David sat bolt upright in bed and threw back the covers. The warm wet mouth that had engulfed his member belonged to Crystal. He couldn't make out her face in the dark but there wasn't anyone else in the room.

"Crystal? What the hell are you doing?"

He hadn't meant that to sound angry, but it must have because he felt Crystal cringe. Then she jumped off the bed and fled to the bathroom. He heard the door lock behind her.

"Oh shit," David muttered. "Here we go. What an asshole you are Donaldson."

David got up and nearly tripped over his shorts. He pulled them back up over his wet (and still erect) cock and walked to the bathroom.

"Crystal? I'm not mad. I was just surprised is all."

He could hear her sobbing behind the door.

"C'mon out and let's talk about this OK? Please?"

"You think I'm stupid and ugly," Crystal said between sobs.

"No, I don't. C'mon, Crystal, open the door and let's talk about this."

Crystal didn't say anything. David went and sat on the bed trying to figure out his next move. Sometimes being a genius times two doesn't mean you have all the answers. This was one of those times.

About five minutes later the bathroom door opened. There was a brief burst of light before the bathroom light was turned off. David heard bare feet on carpet approach the bed and then felt the mattress move slightly as someone sat down on it.

"I'm sorry," Crystal said, her voice very small. She sounded like a ten year old.

David put his arm around her shoulder and pulled her to him. "It's OK. I kind of liked it."

"Really? You liked it?" Her voice changed slightly with the compliment.

"Show me a guy who doesn't like receiving oral sex and I'll show you a really weird guy."

"My old boy friend said I wasn't very good at sucking his penis."

"Your old boyfriend is an idiot."

Crystal giggled a little. 
