 I am in my friend’s local pub on karaoke night with a crowd of friends all chatting and laughing and suddenly I feel someone watching me,

I stop listening to Laura’s joke and look around me to see who it is that’s looking at me. The feeling is very strong and as my eyes scan the room I am suddenly drawn to a guy standing at the bar with his friends his eyes are watching me but he is chatting to his friends.

I can feel his eyes running over me.

He has long dark hair, which is braided and tied up in a ponytail he is dressed casually in combats and a punk t-shirt. He is about 5ft 8” tall and his body looks good. 

I can’t describe him properly; he has something about him that would cause women to fall at his feet. And yet the best thing is he is completely oblivious to it. He has a sexual magnetism that seems to compel both women and men to like and respect him.

I tore my eyes away from him and asked everyone on the table what they wanted to drink, as it was my round. 

As I memorise the list of drinks I stand and move towards him, I look up and my eyes connect with his and then I am standing next to him looking up into his eyes as I say

“Excuse me”

“Yes?” he answers in a husky voice.

“Um…I need to get to the bar,” I laugh”

He moved back to give me room, not looking embarrassed at all at his mistake, confidant in his actions, not cocky just self-assured. 

I ordered the drinks and turned to meet his gaze.

“Anything else?” the bar man asked.

“Would you like a drink?” I asked above the general noise of the pub.

“Yeah I’ll have a tequila please.” 

My eyes glinted before turning back to the man. 

“I think I'll join you!” I said over my shoulder before ordering two tequilas. 

The drinks came and I took them over to my friends. When I got back to the bar the tequilas had arrived. I handed him his drink and the salt. 

I watched, almost mesmerised as his tongue snaked out and licked the back of his hand. I blinked and realized he was handing me the salt, I took it and did the same. 

“So, before we down this, maybe I should know your name?”

He laughed “Mat, or BJ to my friends”

“BJ? Why BJ?”

“Bell ringer Jones, its my sir name”

I laughed “excellent, O’ my name is Leah, but my sir name isn’t as good as yours its Chatman.”

I grinned as I handed him his slice of lemon and picked up mine in one hand and my drink in the other.

“Cheers” he said in a low voice

“Ok on 3..”

“Ok” I laughed “

“1…. 2…. 3!”

We looked into each other’s eyes as we licked the salt off our hands and downed the tequila grimacing at the taste before biting into the bitter lemon.

We smiled for a second and he looked as if he was going to say something but before he got the chance his name was called over the mike. He looked annoyed and happy all in the same moment as he shrugged his shoulders and made his way to the front. 

When the first cord of the song stuck my head snapped up, and there he was, one of the fittest, sexiest guys I’ve ever seen preparing to sing ‘everybody hurts’ by REM.

His body moving slightly with the music, he started singing and I swear to god my knees went week. He could really sing! I mean this was karaoke night, when people get drunk and sing Whitney Huston’s ‘I will always love you.’ But clearly this wasn’t the case with Mat. His voice has a husky quality to it, sexy and deep.

Watching him sing I realized just how sexy he was. Tall dark and handsome was the understatement of the year with this guy! The song finished and everyone yelled and clapped. He started to make his way back towards me but almost everyone he pasted wanted to chat to him, he looked up at me helplessly.

I laughed and went towards him.

“Mat darling?” I said softly as I came up to him,

He looked up and grinned

“Could you be an angel and come and help me with something?”

The woman who he had been talking to shot me an evil look as I took Mats hand and led him away. When we reached the bar I turned to him and said 

“O dear, I think we upset her.” We laughed and he asked, 

“ So do you want another drink?”

“Yeah I’ll have a wkd please”

He turned to the barmaid who was fluttering her eyelashes at him and ordered a wkd for me and a vodka and red bull for himself. He handed me my drink and smiled his devastating smile at the barmaid who looked as if she was going to faint. 

“Thank you, I'm just going to chat to Laura for a sec, I’ll be back in a minute.” I said as I went off to find her.

A crowd of men surrounded her as usual but as I walked up her eyes met mine and she excused herself immediately. We made our way past mat to the toilets, I saw her eyes running over him, undressing, and assessing him. I turned my head away to hide my smile. 

I felt his eyes following us as we walked away and couldn’t help the small smile creeping onto my face. 

“So tell all!” she nearly shouted as she jumped up on the surface. I laughed and jumped up with her.

“He’s absolutely gorgeous! You bitch!” she squealed. 

As you have probably guessed we were pretty drunk! We giggled and laughed and thought about how big his cock was and if he was good shag.

“Well I mite just find out how good he is if I’m lucky!” I winked and laughed as we walked out.

I looked around at the sea of people and noticed Mat had moved and was now sitting at a table surrounded by people. There was nowhere for me to sit so I went over to get my drink. 

My hand encircled the bottle but before I could walk away his hand clasped my wrist and held me there. I turned and looked at him as he said, 

“And where do you think your going?” 

I laughed and replied,

“Well there’s no where for me to sit here so I was going to rejoin my fiends.”

“But there’s a perfectly good seat for you here” he said softly as he patted his lap.

“Your kidding right?” I asked incredulously.

He laughed and shook his head so I decided to call his bluff. I slipped behind the table and sat on his lap facing away from him.

“Ok this is uncomfortable!” I said and tuned sideways 

“No that doesn’t work either I laughed and moved to get up,

His hands closed around my waist and I looked at him and said 

“It wont work its to uncomfortable!” 

“Well turn around and face me then.” 

“Straddle your legs you mean?” he nodded so I hooked my leg over his and straddled him.

It was much better but my ass was on his knees so I moved down a bit and then a bit more. 

His hands were on my waist in a flash, holding me there. 

“I think you should stop there.” He said as he looked into my eyes.

“O! But I’m not comfortable yet!” I teased as I moved my ass against him,

Slipping down further still. 

“Anyway why cant I move down?” his eyes glinted as he pulled my all the way down so I could feel his cock against my pussy. 

“That’s why!” 

My eyes widened in shock and then I laughed. I put my arms round his neck and whispered in his ear

“I’m great when I’m good but I’m even better when I’m bad!”

I turned and kissed him, snaking my tongue into his mouth. 

It was about eleven O’clock by the time we stopped talking and kissing as the bell rang for last orders. 

“Awwww! Have I missed it?”

I gave the barman my best puppy eyed look 

He laughed and said “no you haven’t, what can I get you?”

I smiled and asked for eight tequilas with salt and lemon. I looked over and beckoned Laura and the rest of our friends over to the bar.

“Ok everyone ready?” I shouted when everyone had got his or her salt and lemon.

“Ok on the count of 3!” “1……..” “2……” “3!” 

We licked the salt, downed the drink and sucked the lemon before all trooping out of the pub and looking around for the nearest pizza place. 

As we started walking I turned to Laura and said

“ I’ll see you later babe, I’m going to go with mat to the curry house so I’ll see you later.”

“Ok Hun call me later” she said as she kissed me on the cheek.

She walked after the others just as mat came out of the pub. 

“Don’t fancy a pizza?” I shrugged 

“Not really” 

“No I don’t either, how about a curry?”

“You read my mind” I smiled at him as we walked towards the curry house.

We ordered our food and sat at a table with our drinks. We chatted and then we chatted some more and then our food arrived, we ate some but it interrupted us from talking so we just sat and picked at the food while we got to know each other.

He told me all about his music and the band he was in, how he was at college studying music but how the righting side of things dragged him down.

His passion for music was so strong; it was fascinating to listen to him talk about it. The enthusiasm he had for life and music was clear in his eyes they sparkled with knowledge and the thirst for more. 

He was magnetic. 

We were very drunk by the time we left the curry house. We walked over to the taxi rank, only to find the queue was a mile long. We joined the end of the queue and waited our turn, shivering from the cold. We were silent for a while and then mat turned to me, he looked as if he was going to say something but then decided against it. He looked into my eyes until I couldn’t take the suspense anymore. 

“What? I whispered,

“Nothing….” He said as his head lowered. 

His lips met mine in a firm but gentle kiss. One of his hands came to rest on my waist while the other caressed my cheek before running through my hair. A cab beeped and we broke apart and realized our taxi was here. 

“Where are you going?” I asked 

“Home” he laughed, “Want to join me?” 

I smiled and got n the taxi with him. We paid for the taxi and entered his house. I went through to the living room while he got us some beers. I had sobered up a lot and was thinking that maybe this wasn’t such a good idea, I mean I don’t even know the guy! But as he walked through from the kitchen carrying the drinks I remembered exactly why I was doing this.

He walked casually towards me looking sexier than ever. I took my drink as he sat down on the sofa next to me. As I turned towards him his mouth came down on mine, I relaxed into the sofa as the kiss deepened. He was half lying on top of me. His left hand supporting himself as his other hand caressed my breast. 

I broke the kiss and said brokenly 

“Well BJ don’t you think you should take me to bed now?”

He pushed himself off the sofa and took my hand, pulling me up and then leading me towards his bedroom. I sat on the bed and as he put some music on, I leaned back and stretched out across the middle of the bed, closing my eyes as the beat of the music filled my head. I felt the bed move but I kept my eyes closed. 

He straddled my legs and then placed his hands on my exposed stomach before pushing my top above my breasts. He unclasped my bra and rubbed his thumbs across my nipples making them peak. He leaned down and kissed me on my lips making my eyes flutter open. I smiled up at him as I watched him take my nipple into his mouth. 

I groaned and shifted underneath him making his cock press harder against me. I slipped my top over my head and tossed it on the floor with my bra. 

“Your turn” I whispered 

I splayed my hands under his t-shirt. His chest felt good, muscled with just a light sprinkling of hair. He took the edge the t-shirt and pulled it over his head in one swift movement. O yess, now that’s the kind of body every man should have.

I pushed him over so he was on his back and then lay on my side next to him. Running my hand over his muscled well-toned chest. That didn’t last long though. I wanted his cock. I slipped his trousers and boxers down and they joined my cloths on the floor. He was big! He looked about 7” long… mmmm! And very wide! 

His cock was already leaking pre cum so his dick was already nice and wet. 

“I don’t want you to cum yet so tell me when your close” 

“Ok” he mumbled as I started to stroke his cock really fast.

He started to breath faster and became shallow as I jerked him off. 

“Stop!” he hissed.

I slowed right down and played with his balls, stroking his chest. When his breathing had levelled out I started up my stroking again faster and faster until he told me to stop again. I repeated this cycle over and over again until he was moaning in frustration 

“I really need to cum!!” he groaned as once again I stopped to play with his balls.

“But I don’t want you to cum yet” I grinned at him before resuming my stroking. 

“O god…. O god…. fuck! Pleeeeaaase please! Let me cumm….!!!” He begged.

I got so wet listening to him begging!

He tensed his whole body as I stroked him faster. I sucked his cock into my mouth and watched his eyes role back and his whole body arch as he came again and again. His body slackened as he collapsed back on the bed. After removing my jeans and panties I laid on my back next to him. 

I was so wet! Hearing him beg had got me really horny. I looked over at mat and saw that his cock was completely limp, poor guy I’d worked him over pretty good. I couldn’t wait for him to recover so as I watched him I moved my hands over my body. Reaching up and pinching my nipples, then moving my hand down towards my pussy. I slid one finger down over my clit I shivered at the contact, it wouldn’t take long for me to cum, I was so turned on! 

My left hand continued to play with my nipples as my right hand worked on my pussy. After teasing my clit for a while, making my body tremble I couldn’t take it any more I plunged two fingers inside my soaking wet pussy. Lifting my ass up to gain more contact with my fingers. I moaned as my pussy contracted around my fingers. 

Suddenly he was there, between my legs, I shivered in anticipation as he parted my pussy lips. 

After what felt like hours his tongue finally slipped inside me. 

“O fuck yess,” I groaned as I pushed against him. 

Maybe it was because I was so hot and turned on or maybe it was because it he was so damned good at fucking my cunt with his tongue but I was soon bucking my hips against him and shuddering as I came. 

He continued to lick my pussy avoiding my clit but every now and then he would run his tongue over the sensitive little nub making my body convulse. 

He finally came up and lay next to me before kissing me. 

“Mmmmmm” I moaned as I tasted myself on his lips. 

“Jesus Christ where did you learn to jack guys off like that!!?” he said in amazement.

I turned on my side and laughed “ahh, now that would be telling!”

“Would it now?!” he growled, 

I squealed as he lifted me up in the air before gently settling me on top of him. I could feel his cock pressing against me as I lay atop of him. I rested my chin on his chest and looked up at him.

“I see I didn’t tier you out to much then.” I said playfully.

I brought my knees up on either side of his hips and sat up as I rocked back and forth sliding along the length of his cock. By the time I slipped his cock inside my cunt his dick was throbbing. His dick felt good inside me. 

“I want you to fuck me” I moaned. 

He pushed himself up and positioned himself above me. I looked up and watched him fuck me. He looked so fucking hot! He had a light sheen of sweat all over his body, which made his muscled chest look amazing. He had such a powerful body. I could see the muscles in his arms and legs tensing and un-tensing as he fucked me, driving his cock inside me and then slipping nearly all the way out before plunging back in again. 

O god I was really horny! I could hear moaning and someone shouting about Cumming but I had slipped over the edge and my body was contracting as my orgasm soared through me. I couldn’t figure out if it was me or him shouting but I was beyond caring as my mind became fuzzy with lust and pleasure. Just as my orgasm was subsiding he started to pump faster and faster as he started to cum inside me. My body tensed again before I collapsed on the bed with mat lying on top of me. His cock slipped out of my cunt as he moved to settle down next to me, hugging me to him as we slipped silently into the drowsy aftermath of sex.

End 

Please vote for my story and any others you read! Any comments and suggestions for further stories are most appreciated.

The content of this story is entirely fictional. Mat BJ is real and agreed to this story when he was drunk. I would like to dedicate this story to him in the hope that I have embarrassed him completely and he regrets his decision whole-heartedly! But don’t be mad Mat; you know I’m only playing with you! ;o)  