 My sister Carol had just given birth to her first child and her husband had offered to drive me to the hospital to visit them. Bob had asked if I would mind if he stopped at their apartment before we went to the hospital so he could freshen up after spending the night waiting at the hospital for his daughter to be born. Of course I agreed.

Bob and Carol's apartment was the second floor of an older brick house in a residential part of town. Their landlords, the Malcolmsons. Lived on the ground floor. It was a modest three-room apartment furnished with the newlywed "starter" furnishings. Bob proudly showed me the new baby crib he had assembled in their bedroom. Carol had the baby's entire layette arranged ready for her arrival home.

Bob told me to have a seat on the blue vinyl and cloth couch in the living room while he had a shower.

Bob left the door open as he entered the bathroom and turned on the shower. I felt somewhat uncomfortable because of from where I was sitting I could see into the bathroom. I averted my eyes pretending to be engrossed on a copy of the National Inquirer.

Bob continued to talk to me from the bathroom and I courteously agreed with his ramblings about their future family life.

Curiosity got the better of me; I secretly glanced up into the bathroom. What I saw shocked me. Bob was standing there naked looking at me, his cock was in his hand and he was jerking it in my direction! A chill went through me; our eyes were locked together.

Bob is two years younger than me, a hard working employee of the local telephone company. He was not bad looking and what he had in his hand was inviting, but my sister's husband?

I realized because of Carol's condition it must have been a while since he had a good piece of ass, I knew Carol would have tried to look after him orally but it wasn't the same as a good sweaty fuck.

I was currently in a bit of a dry spell, my husband being too busy at work to look after my needs. Several scenarios flashed through my mind.

It would be so easy to join my brother-in-law in his bed; we could fuck for an hour and still make our hospital visit.

"What are you going to do with that?" I boldly challenged him. 

"Depends on you?" he replied.

"You have an hour." I said matter-of-factly.

The bed was unmade, just the way Bob and Carol had left it in their haste to the hospital.

I pulled my tee shirt off over my head revealing my well-filled bra. Without hesitation I unfastened my jeans and peeled them down over my hips. I stood in front of my naked brother-in-law in only my panties and bra.

Bob joined me on the bed. I lay on my back as he bent over me and tugged my panties down. I raised my ass to allow his to remove them and expose my dark hairy triangle.

Bob positioned himself between my legs and I felt his cockhead exploring my bush for the entrance to what he craved so much. I assisted him to find my ready tunnel. Lowering his hips he sank smoothly into my cervix. My legs locked around his hip in the embrace of love.

"Oh God, that feels so good!" I moaned.

"You fuck better than Carol." Bob said as he drove his cock deep into me.

"Don't talk about my sister when you are fucking me." I chastised him.

His cock felt good in me, the last thing I wanted was the image in my head of his on top of Carol. "Just fuck me you cheating bastard!"

It was a good fuck; we both needed it. My hips bucked under him in an effort to get the maximum enjoyment from his stiff cock. 

"Is it OK if I come in you?" Bob asked.

"No problem." I answered as I felt my orgasm approaching.

We moved well together, as if we had been fucking for years. He knew just how to move in me and it was if his cock had been custom made for my cunt. 

Clumsily he tore off my bra leaving my 38C tits bared for his entertainment. He fondled me, sucked me and buried his face in my pillows.

Then his mouth clamped over mine, his tongue forced its way into my mouth and I felt the beginning of the warm flood filling my innermost reservoir. My orgasm got away from me.

"Oh my God!" I screamed, my legs sticking straight out above our bodies, "You're making me come!"

My orgasm was breathtaking; I felt everything a woman is supposed to feel when climaxing. Bob's body was still stiff as he continued pumping sperm into my cream container.

I rode Bob's cock like a wildcat, trying to get every bit of an orgasm his cock would give me. My cunt was on fire; I twisted and turned on his shaft grinding it into the walls of my fuck hole. I had no shame, "Fuck me like your dirty slut!" I goaded him. He drove down into me as if he were crucifying me to the bed.

Bob collapsed exhausted on top of me. We lay still, his cock soaking in our juices while savoring our bliss.

"Hey, we still got 15 minutes left!" I brought him back to life.

Dominantly I took his head and forced it down between my legs. I forced his face into the mess he had created.

My pussy surrounding his nose and mouth muffled his cry.

"Now slurp every drop out of me brother-in-law!" I demanded.

"Oh she's a darling. Looks just like you." I told my sister.

Bob just sat there with a stupid look on his face. I told him if he were a good boy I would spend the night with him when we left the hospital.