 I had recently bought a townhouse in a development mostly populated by seniors or which I had just become one of. At least twice every day I would take my dog for a walk around the development. The obvious purpose was to give me and my dog some exercise but my ulterior motive was to meet some of my neighbors, especially those of the feminine persuasion.

After a couple of weeks I had come to know several of the neighbors, especially those who also walked dogs. One in particular I found interesting, but at the outset, I could not tell you why. She had a nice smaller dog much like mine; she was short and at least my age. Her figure was what; average. That was until I really looked at her breasts. I am not sure what kind of bra she wore but while she did not look large breasted, on closer examination her boobs seemed to spread across her chest with maybe with the intent of hiding how big they really were.

We met regularly and had small talk. Once I said that I was not pleased with the master bath attached to the master bedroom. Pat said, "You don't have a shower with the multiple heads? You have a corner bathtub." 

I replied in the affirmative. "Well, you don't know what you are missing" was her response. As I was thinking of remodeling the bath anyway, her comments got my thought processes going. 

A few days later I was driving home and was passing Pat's unit. She was sitting on the porch, glass in hand. It was the cocktail hour so given the warmth of the day it was not unusual to see occupants out enjoying the late summer weather and a drink. I stopped and called to ask how she was doing she responded asking if I wanted a drink an offer I could not refuse. "Let me take the car home, let the dog out and I will be back." 

After taking care of the dog I returned to find Pat still sitting in the same place waiting for me. "Would you like a drink? I am going to have another," she said. Agreeing that a beer would be nice on a warm day I asked if I could help but she declined. Shortly she was back with our drinks and we proceeded to have some small talk, the weather, and the neighbors and so on. 

After a while she asked if I had done any more thinking about my bathroom. I said that I had but that I had not come to a firm conclusion as to whether to gut the room and start over or to just do relatively modest changes. Pat said that if I did not consider a large shower with multiple heads I was missing an opportunity that really only comes once, especially at our age. She then said, "Would you like to see my shower?" I replied that it would certainly help my thought process.

She led the way into her home and up the stairs. The layout was virtually identical to mine. We went in through her bedroom to the master bath. Here things were quite different. The cabinets containing the sinks were along the right hand wall with two sinks, where I had one. The toilet was in an alcove on the left so that if one came into to room opening the door fully, it closed the entrance to the toilet thus providing a measure of privacy. Next to the toilet but separated by a full wall was the 4 foot by 5 foot shower all clad in marble with a full glass door on the entry side. It had a multiple of water sources, a rain head, a hand held "telephone" head and thee jets on each of the end walls spread about two feet apart vertically.

I commented what a lovely arrangement she had. I asked about the absence of a tub to which Pat responded that there was a full bath with combined shower and tub across the hall for use by guests. I asked what she liked about the multi-headed shower which prompted a grin and the explanation that she could run all of the heads or select only those that suited her needs on an individual basis. I could guess what she meant but did not want to sound too inquisitive as to what those needs might be. I responded that all she needed was a masseur or shower boy to wash her back. I was a bit surprised when she came back with, "Are you volunteering?" 

I said, "Sure, it would be my pleasure." 

A bit hesitantly she said "When?" 

I said "How about now?" She nodded but did not give a verbal response. I took this as an agreement.

I took off my shirt and let it fall to the floor. With a slight bit of hesitation Pat followed, letting her blouse fall as well. She turned with her back to me and said, "Take my bra off please." It was a large bra with three clasps along the back. I managed to unhook each without embarrassing myself. Then she turned and looking me straight in the eye shrugged it off her shoulders letting it drop down her arms and allowing her breasts to fall free. Despite my previous observations I was still shocked; they were mammoth! They hung about half way to her waist but at the same time were full and delightful to behold. Pat without trying to hide them said, "I am always self-conscious when I expose myself to someone for the first time." 

"Don't be, I find you a delight as I knew I would" was my response. Fearing we might lose momentum, I dropped my shorts letting Pat see my package. While not to be considered overly large, I had enough to be not embarrassed. She looked for a moment and then putting her hands in the waist band of her panties peeled them down her legs, stepping out of each in turn. Her round belly and a nicely rounded pussy caught my attention. A bit of hair but not too much crowned her Mound of Venus.

Without hesitation Pat said, let me get the water adjusted; it is a bit tricky the first time. When she was satisfied, she said, "Now let's see how good you are as a shower boy." I followed her in and she stood with her back to me handing me a bottle of shower gel. The rain shower was off but the two arrays of horizontal nozzles were hitting Pat in the front and me from behind. They pulsed giving an interesting sensation as they massaged my back. I wonder what it was doing for Pat. They must have been hitting her breasts and her Mound of Venus. 

I poured some gel into my hand and rubbed it over her back. Starting at her neck, I massaged and worked my way over her shoulders and then her arms. I felt her start to relax as I worked on some tight muscles down her neck and into her shoulder area. Then I worked south, moving down her back to her bum. I was diligent in soaping her up and massaging gently each area. Mid way down her back my hands worked their way around her lower rib cage coming in contact with her breasts. I did not want to minister to them at this stage so simply nudged them and went on.

Her bum was a different matter. It was not fat and flabby thank goodness. It was firm and one could feel the muscles tense then relax as my hands worked her two cheeks. I parted the cheeks of her ass and soaped everything playing gently with her tight anus. I could feel her tense but she did not say anything so I just moved on. As I soaped her thighs especially running my hands up her inner thighs I wondered how she would react. Much to my pleasure she shifted spreading her legs slightly but perceptively further apart. Taking this as an invitation, at the top of each stroke I let me hand drift over her labia, not trying to penetrate further but at the same time worshiping that fountain of joy. Pat's only reaction was to lean back into my chest spreading her legs even farther apart in the process. I gave her mound a gentle squeeze and then moved on doing her lower legs before saying, "I guess it is time for the front."

She turned and I put some more gel on my hands, starting at her neck I worked down over her upper chest and underarms. Then I proceeded to wash down her sides just brushing against her large breasts. I took one large breast in one hand and lifted it off her rib cage giving it a good soaping. While holding it up, I made sure the rib cage underneath was cleaned as well. I went back to the breast itself paying close attention to the nipple, flicking it and squeezing it. I thought it was hard before I started but was surprised when it stood even more erect as the result of my ministrations. The same was true of the other one.

I proceeded south over her round belly to her upper thighs paying special attention to the inner portions. Then not to subtly started to wash her mound. I wondered what her reaction would be but was pleased when she pressed against my hand and spread her legs. I massaged her there in a circular motion for about a minute and heard a quiet moan escape from her throat. Using my middle finger I spread her outer labia and stoked even further. With no resistance experienced I penetrated past her inner labia and ran my fingers from her rectum past her vagina till I encountered her clitoris. It was erect and by feel quite large. I ministered to this center of pleasure and Pat threw her arms around my neck pressing her boobs against my chest. "Put your fingers inside me" she said and I obliged. Even without the gel I know that she was well lubricated. I put one finger into her vagina and she said "No, please another." I complied and proceeded to run my fingers in and out searching for her g-spot. With my thumb I also rubbed her clit. It did not take long until her arms tightened around my neck and she gave a shriek of passion. Pat clung there as I slowly withdrew my fingers and allowed her to relax after a super orgasm. She stood back, looking me in the eye and saying, "That was phenomenal. I have not cum like that in a long time." 

I responded, "Would you like some more?" 

After a brief pause, she responded, "Yes, I would love you to play with my boobs and then eat me." I did not need a lot of encouragement. "Let's dry off and I will do my best to pleasure you." Pat got out and handed me a towel. I proceeded to dry her back and up and down her legs and then turning around dried her front, making sure to lift those enormous breasts drying underneath. While lifting each I brought the nipple to my mouth and sucked for about 15 seconds. 

Pat returned the favor, playing special attention to my sack and cock that was standing at attention. She said that once I had satisfied her it would be her turn to pleasure me. I said that I would look forward to getting my reward. She took me by the hand and led me to her bed. "Pleasure me" was the explicit instructions. Laying down beside her I started to stroke her body gently like a feather starting with her chest and running down her cleavage making detours to each nipple in the process. I worked my way south over her belly and caressing her mound and gently stimulating each of her inner thighs. As I did I could feel her become more aroused, spreading her legs to provide greater access. 

I rose up so that my lips could replace my hands kissing her lips and eyelids and then her arm pits and proceeded to go down her ample cleavage bringing each breast in turn up so that I could worship her nipples. Pat started to moan and this point and then I continued down over her belly my lips and longue circling around but not actually touching her pubis. I kissed her inner thighs and then explored the valley between each leg and her pleasure mound. I could tell that her desire had risen and that she was desperate for some more specific worshiping.

With her legs spread well apart, I was able to kneel between them. Gently with my fingers I spread her labia exposing her slit. It was pink and moist and inviting. I could not help but want to worship this alter of delight orally. I bent forward and allowed my tongue to trace the cleft starting with just below her vaginal opening and proceeding up until I reached her clit. I knew from my ministrations in the shower that it was larger than the average. However, now I could see it first-hand, I realized just how large it was in it's excited state. My tongue flicked it a few times and then I took it in my mouth and truly sucked on it. This drove Pat crazy as she moaned and squirmed on the bed below me. While not taking my lips from her clit, I managed to insert a finger into her vagina searching for her G spot. She said breathlessly, "Don't stop, don't stop!" so increased the pressure on both points. Soon her moans turned to shrieks of pleasure and she lifted her hips up off the mattress and I couldn't believe the amount of female fluids surged around my finger and onto my hand. I had to lap up as much as I could before allowing her to recede from her state of extreme arousal. 

After she had recovered, she said, "Now it is your turn; lie down and relax." Doing as I was told, she got right to business. Taking my erection in her hand she went to work with her mouth first kissing me passionately as our tongues entwined. She then went to my nipples bighting them and teasing them while stroking my cock. Soon her attention went totally to my genitals. Her mouth engulfed my penis and her talented hands massaged my balls and played with my rectum. It was driving me to distraction!. "Pat please straddle me so that I can see and lick your pussy again. She complied without missing a beat swinging her leg over me so that her pussy was right in my face. My tongue dove into her vagina and she increased the pressure with her tongue and mouth on my member that was screaming for relief. It did not take long and we came almost simultaneously, me filling her mouth with my cum and her once again flooding my face with that heavenly nectar that only comes when a woman is truly aroused. 

She collapsed on top of me, both of us breathing heavily. Lying there for what seemed like an eternity allowed each of us to recover sufficiently. Pat got off me and returned with a warm wet wash cloth and cleaned up first my face and then my groin. She then cuddled up against me holding my hand and just sighing. "If you give me a little while to recover, I will show you what it is like with me inside you." She laughed and said, "I don't go all the way on a first date. Wait for next time!"

To be continued!