 Maura opened her eyes and smiled as she felt Evan wrap his arms more tightly around her. His hands had waken her, one on her breast, one on her pussy-claiming what was his. Her eyes went to the clock on her nightstand, four a.m. She stretched against Evan and felt him hard against her ass.

"I want you to have my baby." He'd said those words five weeks ago. Since then, it was as though he couldn't stand not to be inside her. Twice every morning, on his lunch break if he could get home, the minute he came in the door at night, and all night long-he made love to her. When they were out, he couldn't keep his hands off her. More than once they'd had to find some secluded corner where he could push aside her panties and wedge himself inside her an inch so he could cum.

For five weeks, he'd told her that he couldn't stand to cum anywhere but inside her. And he couldn't cum until he'd felt her cum. For five solid weeks, she'd been filled with him. Even before he left her he wanted her again, and that made her feel so sexy, and so feminine, that now it felt wrong when he wasn't inside her.

His fingers pulled on her nipple now, setting off an electric current to her pussy. She was wet for him. Always. Evan had no urgency now, in the dark, both of them half asleep. He put his knee between her thighs and she opened her legs. His hand still on her pussy, he slipped deep inside her. Where he belonged. He was hard as a rock, and Maura felt his balls already tightening against her ass.

His finger found her clit and rubbed in practiced circles. He knew her body as well as she did, and there was no awkward searching for the right rhythm. He found it, perfect, in an instant. He moved his cock deep inside her, not pulling out much. She squeezed her pussy tight around him and smiled when she heard him groan in her ear. His finger moved faster on her clit and his mouth grazed the back of her neck as he whispered, "Cum for me." Like she couldn't deny him, her body responded. Her climax flowed over her, from her toes up, and as her pussy convulsed on Evan's cock, she felt him fill her again. 

Evan lowered her leg and rolled her gently on her back. He lifted her hips and propped a pillow beneath them. His hand went to her still-flat belly, rubbing it from the top of her pussy to her belly button, like he was trying to show his seed the way home.

He kissed her gently, then wrapped his arms around her and lay back down. He whispered how much he loved her. How badly he wanted to feel their baby move inside her. How beautiful she was and how much more beautiful she'd be when her body was nurturing their child. She snuggled into him and wondered if she really was the luckiest woman alive.

After several minutes, long enough for his sperm to have had a chance to reach her womb, she turned to him. 

The room was dim, but she caught his smile. 

She stood up and walked to the bathroom. He'd brought home a two pack of pee-on-the-stick tests. Her period was two weeks late. Today was the day. She opened the package and read the directions carefully.

When she came back out, only seconds later, she held her hands behind her back and Evan sat on the edge of the bed. He looked up at her. "Well?"

She smiled and brought her hands around. One test in each hand. Four lines all together. The next thing she knew, she was in his arms, pulled down on his lap, both of them still naked, both of them laughing.

He kissed her hard, his hands in her hair. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him back. She gasped when he pressed her face down on the bed and lifted her by her hips so that her ass was in the air.

His hand went around her and cupped her swollen, sticky pussy. "Whose cunt is this?"

She felt a shiver run through her. "Yours."

His hand slipped over her belly as his cock entered her, hard. "Whose baby is in your belly?"

"Yours, Evan. Yours."

His hand stayed on her belly, protecting the tiny life there as he took her hard from behind, ramming his cock into her. His other hand grabbed one of her nipples and pulled. "Whose?"

"Yours. Yours!" She was close to cumming again.

"Don't cum, Maura." She gritted her teeth and fought hard against it. "You don't need my cum inside you anymore do you?"

She shook her head, trying to breathe as he fucked her harder. "No."

"It already did its job."

"Yes!"

"You miss having it somewhere else?"

Oh God. "Yes!"

He pulled out of her, grabbed her shoulder and turned her around. His cock was in her face, so close. She opened her mouth and took him where he hadn't been in five weeks.

"You miss my cum in your throat, don't you?" He said, fucking her mouth like he'd fucked her pussy...like he owned it.

She couldn't speak with his cock in her mouth, so she nodded.

"My mouth, Maura."

She nodded again. Her fingers were in her pussy, two slipping in and out, she fucked herself and him, sucking harder when she felt him swell.

"Don't you cum, Maura."

Her fingers slowed and she looked up at him with big brown eyes, keeping herself on the edge with feather touches to her clit, as she sucked him. She tasted his precum at the back of her throat and had to stop her fingers altogether for a moment while she got control of pussy again.

"Not yet, Maura." She shook her head and sucked harder. Her fingers kept herself at the point of orgasm. "You want my cum in your mouth, Maura?" She nodded, her tongue rubbing against the sensitive edge of his cock. "You need it there?" Another nod, and she felt her pussy get wetter under her fingers. "You need to cum, Maura?" She pleaded with him with her eyes. She needed to, badly. She felt his first spurt against her throat as he said, "Cum for me now, baby. God...yes. Cum. You're going to be such a good Mama, Maura. Cum." She flicked harder, twice, with her finger and sent herself over the edge. She sucked and swallowed Evan's thick, rich ropes of cum as she felt her own body spasm. Evan collapsed on the bed behind her, his body half over hers, and she felt him lift her and position her so that he was wrapped around her from behind. His chin on her head, her head on his chest, his legs twined with hers. His hand over her belly, spread wide.