 Consider, if you will, this online world that we live in. People meet, talk, learn, love and hate without ever seeing each other. Everything in that world revolves around words, as they are written, or "spoken". Assume for a moment, that you came face to face with someone from that world, out there in the real world. Would words really be necessary? This is a short, simple encounter, with that thought in mind. Enjoy.

Warm hands sliding across your shoulders, gentle pressure massaging the muscles. Sliding slowly across your shoulders and down your chest to trace lazy circles around your breasts. Spiraling slowly inward, fingertips gently sliding along followed by firm palms.

The circles grow smaller as the strong hands pull you back, your shoulder blades pressed against the muscles of his chest. The heat radiating from him makes you feel flushed, as his thick fingers find your erect nipples and slowly squeeze. You feel hot, moist air on your neck, as warm lips work their way down your neck and across your back.

The hands continue moving slowly massaging your breasts and teasing your nipples with short light touches, contrasting vividly to the firm grasp on your breasts. Slowly one hand rises to your neck and chin, gently forcing your head back onto his shoulder, while the other slides downward, ticklingly light across your stomach.

He leans across your shoulder, lightly kissing your neck and throat, his hand idly stroking your neck and face. A fingertip traces a path along your stomach and down across your pelvis. The fingers slide smoothly through your hair and teasingly pass along your lips…

And then disappear…

Just as suddenly as they left, the hands return... Sliding quickly under your arm, one cups your breast firmly, squeezing tightly as the other slides down your hip trailing fingers lightly across your stomach in passing. A shiver runs up your spine at the light touch, and you hear a faint chuckle, a voice deep and rich as warm breath brushes across your ear.

The hand moves, sliding across one breast, to squeeze the other, as the arm pulls you closer. You can feel solid muscles pressing into your back, and a thickness against your ass. The other hand slides down to your thigh, firm pressure pulling you back as it slides from outer to inner thigh.

Lips attach themselves to the nape of your neck, kissing lightly, nipping gently at your skin, as warm breath tickles the back of your neck. Fingers tease your nipple, as a hand slides across your inner thigh, and begins to travel upwards.

You feel your breath catch in your throat as the hand reaches to the top of your thigh, brushing against your moistened lips, and fingers continue to dance across your breast, alternately squeezing it, lightly teasing your hard nipple. Lips move up the back of your neck to your earlobe, teeth nibbling lightly.

The hand slides down from your breast, to join the other...fingers gently slip between your lips, one circles your hardening clit lightly, teasingly, while the other slides lower...palm pressing firmly into your inner thigh, as fingers trace along the inside of your moistened lips.

You arch your neck and back as the hands move across you, and you feel the strong arms reach around as a throbbing firmness presses against you...A hand slides up your body and along your breast, fingers rolling across your nipple in passing as it travels to your neck while fingers continue to tease the moistness from your body.

The hand withdraws from between your thighs, as the other slips across your soft skin, and comes to rest on your cheek. It slowly turns you around, as a pair of lips meets yours, a tongue flickering lightly across your mouth...The free arm returns, wrapping itself around your waist and pulling you firmly against him.

As the pressure of his lips hold you captive, his hand slides from your cheek and down across your chest to gently squeeze your firm nipple...rolling it between two fingers, while his palm cups your breast. The lips continue to feast on yours, as the tongue darts forward to meet yours.

You feel your head pulled forward, as he stoops slightly, strong fingers sliding from your waist, down across your ass, and to the back of your thigh. A second hand joins the first...you feel the muscles of his shoulder tense as he lifts you bodily, your legs wrapping around his waist, and his strong arms supporting you.

You can feel him hard and waiting, mere inches away, as the blood rushes to your head, his lips moving down to your neck, as he leans you back slightly. You can feel his hands shift, as his fingers wrap around to the inside of your thighs, pulling you closer to him, teasingly close.

With lips and tongue winding their way down your neck, he works his way further down, to your chest, your arms firmly clasping around his strong neck as you lean further back. One hand slides up from your thigh, slipping up across your ass and to the nape of your neck, supporting you as he places a kiss on your breast.

His mouth starts in the center, between your breasts, and slowly works its way around each breast...slowly spiraling closer and closer. Your breath comes in short pants, as your heart races and you feel him lower you slightly, closer...brushing lightly against him. Sliding along the inside of your warm moist lips, you can feel the smooth firmness so close.

Your fingers dig into his shoulders as you feel his lips spiraling closer to your nipple, and he continues to slide along your moistness, teasingly...

You feel a warm moistness envelope your hardened nipple, and you arch your back, moaning softly...and as you do he lowers you.... Penetrating you...You feel the warmth of him inside you as you clasp at him...Your moan becomes louder, as your senses whirl...

He continues to lavish attention on your upright nipples...his lips nipping lightly, and sucking gently...first one then the other as he lowers you further...your weight coming to bear on him...you gasp as he fills you, his hands no longer supporting you.


He slides his hand down to your ass, and grasps it firmly, squeezing a soft whimper from you...You can feel him slowly lifting you up, sliding out of you...your moistness covering him with a thin sheen. His mouth retreats, leaving only his tongue to flicker across your nipple ever so lightly.

He pauses there, only barely still within you, teasing your nipples with his tongue...seconds seem like hours as your heart races, and you feel a vast emptiness inside, that needs to be filled...Your desire grows as flickers of lightning radiate from your breasts and course through you, with each flick of his tongue, your heart pounds faster.

You feel his mouth latch onto you, firmly, a firm pressure, while his tongue rolls around your nipple, and his hands pull you back down. You feel him slide into you, filling you with his entire length in one swift motion, as the air leaves your lungs in a long low moan.

You feel his strong arms strain again, as you slide the length of him once more, nerves tingling as you feel every bit of flesh moving within you...He releases your tortured breast, and arches his neck to bring his lips to yours...kissing you fiercely, as he pulls you back down to him, driving himself deep within you.

His hands move up from your ass, strong arms wrapping around you, pulling you tight against him...your breasts pressed against his chest as he slowly kneels, and lays you back on the soft comfort of the bed. His lips never leaving yours, his grip not loosening at all, he begins to move within you.

You find yourself panting into his mouth, as his hips move, his length slowly slips in and out of you...Long slow movements, alternating with hard, deep thrusts, while his passionate kisses set your mind spinning.

You feel yourself beginning to shudder as small explosions erupt within you...You arch your back, thrusting yourself violently up to meet him, feeling your blood boil as your nails dig into his shoulders, drawing blood.

He gasps, lunging forward to meet you, his cock filling you, as your orgasm erupts. You feel yourself spasming around him, as your nerves catch fire...You arch against him, struggling to pull him further into you...Your eyes squeeze shut, and the world flashes over white, and you see only one glowing sun.

You feel him stiffening, his pulse throbbing through his firm member clear into you, as you feel him thrusting harder into you...you can feel low vibrations coming from him...a low guttural growl...growing in strength...becoming a powerful moan, as you feel him pulsating within you...

As your mind reels from your own orgasm, you feel his erupting within you...his muscles clench violently, rippling under his skin as his cry issues forth, and you find your own voice raised to match his. Your hearts beating together, breathing short and fast...minds reeling as you collapse together, still wrapped tightly around each other...and all goes black.