 3: THE NEXT SIX MONTHS

That one night was the only time that Sam and Tony would have together. The next day one of her ex girlfriends showed up in town and in no time she was running off to follow that girl to some other state. Tony was heartbroken, he'd lost his best friend and he couldn't shake the feeling that it might not have happened had they not slept together. Maybe she got scared, didn't know who she was anymore and ran away. He just didn't know.

It was a month later when he met a new friend to spend much of his time with. Lee was a scrawny little black guy and the two looked hilarious together but they got along great and made each other laugh constantly. All of Tony's other friends liked Lee too, and through him Tony got closer to many of them. They started to have a real clique going and their free time was filled with parties and just generally hanging out.

One night, right after mid-terms their friend Steven decided to throw a little party at his place. He had a nicer apartment away from the school and he always had a little more money for beer since his parents were fairly wealthy. The gang gladly showed up. What Steven had neglected to tell anyone was that his sister, Raquel, was hanging out with him for the evening as well. What's more is that she had invited two of her friends to the little get together. One of the friends was a snooty looking blonde with long hair, fake nails and probably fake boobs. The other was very slim and had jet black hair with bright blue eyes. Now right away Tony's friends descended on the girls. Tony found it more annoying than anything else, he'd looked forward to a night just hanging out with the guys drinking and cutting up. Belching and farting whenever they wanted and not trying to impress anyone. In fact this was the reason he often declined going to clubs, he wasn't one for having to trying to compete for girls' attention.

He immediately took to the fridge and ended up spending the first hour or so standing in the kitchen bullshitting with Steven over a bunch of different subjects. Upon finally returning to the living room he couldn't help but notice that the two more made up, he'd call them fake, looking girls were getting all of the attention.

Raquel was actually much cuter than the other two and had a little meat on her, not even what Tony would call chubby, but not skin and bones either. She also had a nice rack. She was fairly dark skinned, real tan, not that spray-on shit. She had lovely brown eyes and very pretty flowing straight brown hair. He couldn't fathom why those other guys were ignoring her for those other two.

A few beers down Tony was brave enough to talk to her and before long he'd convinced her to come out on the balcony with him and have a talk. They talked there for a while, he picked at her and she picked back. She began to tease and showed him the thong she was wearing, a lovely bright pink. She was a naughty one.

She told him that she was going to the big school up the road to be a Sex Therapist. For just a moment he wanted to ask her opinion on what had happened with Samantha, but then decided he should just push his luck. She seemed like the kind who liked when men acted like dogs. As they talked he started putting his hands on her, slowly making his way down to her ass and then grabbing a big handful. She looked around to make sure no one was near the window before flashing him her tits really quick. She smiled and reached down, she took a firm grasp of the bulge in his pants and said, "Come with me."

Tony did not feel like arguing with the lovely lady, he wanted some poontang and he was pretty sure he was about to get it.

They walked back into the apartment and after checking to make sure nobody saw them she pulled him into the hallway closet and immediately pulled her panties down. She jumped up on a shelf of convenient height and lifted her skirt. She had a nice tan line where her bikini bottom had been when she had sunbathed. It formed a nice little frame to her shortly trimmed "landing strip" bush.

She licked her lips and reached down to start undoing Tony's zipper. She took a moment to stroke his cock a few times once she got it free from his pants then looked up at him and said, "Fuck me, hard!"

He grasped his own dick and aimed it at her pussy. He pushed against her labia, expecting her to not be terribly wet yet, but it slipped right in to reveal that there was plenty of lubrication. This girl didn't take much to get excited.

She had asked for it so he fucked her as hard as he could. There was no passion or intimacy whatsoever, he used his dick like a jackhammer and just pounded her pussy as hard as he could. She grabbed at some clothes hanging on the rod and used them to muffle her cries of pleasure. She was beginning to get wetter and wetter and Tony was getting harder as he heard her climax approaching. They had been going at it hard for a couple of minutes when Tony felt himself about ready to explode.

"You're going to cum aren't you?" she asked. Apparently she was well versed in all of the signs.

"Oh fuck yeah."

"Oh yes, fuck me harder!" and with that she lifted up her skirt as far as she could, giving Tony a nice target on which to shoot his load.

She was moaning very hard by this point he was pretty sure she was about to cum also but he couldn't hold back any longer. He tried staying in as long as he could and was pretty sure he'd triggered her orgasm as he pulled out in mid-spurt. She quickly reached down and frantically rubbed at her clit, trying to finish off the orgasm on a high note. Tony's throbbing cock spewed forth two more thick streams of cum before dribbling out a little more onto her hand and bush. She rubbed it into her skin and moaned in delight.

"Thanks." she smiled at him, "I needed that."

He looked down and noticed that the front of his jeans were wet from her juices. He grabbed his beer from the shelf and splashed a little onto the left leg of his jeans, trying to make it look as though he'd simply spilled his drink.

She pulled up her panties and the two rejoined the party. As it turns out that night Tony was the only one who got lucky. The two skanks were completely un-impressed by the other guys and ended up leaving shortly after Tony and Raquel emerged from the closet. She made sure to get his number before leaving and no doubt bragged about her little escapade once they had all gotten into her car to leave. She seemed like the rare type of woman who would brag about her sexual conquests. Tony just hoped she was on some kind of birth control because he was pretty sure he'd shot a little of his load into her.

The rest of the night went on as usual, the guys got drunk and ended up crashing at Steven's place but only after eating an unhealthy amount of pizza and smoking a little pot.

Raquel called twice in the following two months, both times they'd meet up for a rough quickie in the back of Tony's van. He found out that she liked doggie style and having her hair pulled. She always wanted a quick hard fuck and then to go on her way.

A few weeks after their last little rendevous Tony met a nice girl at school called Katrina. They dated for a couple of months and things were good. She spent a lot of time at his place and often slept over. She had a pretty good sexual appetite but only for straight-up missionary style vaginal intercourse. Tony found it a tad boring at times, but she was sweet and he thought pretty cute.

A couple of months into their relationship Tony had a chance encounter with Raquel at one of Steven's parties again. He was really drunk and had just come from a bad argument with Katrina in which she'd taken all of her stuff from his apartment and said she needed a few days to think things over. He and Raquel ended up fucking in Steven's bed that night. It was angry, rough sex and the next morning Tony was overwhelmed with guilt.

He went to Katrina and told her what had happened. He explained how he'd never felt so bad about anything in his life but it did little to comfort Katrina. Tony agreed that she should break up with him and that he didn't deserve a second chance. A few weeks later he found out that she was dating his friend Chance. He wasn't angry or upset at all, in fact he went and spoke with her and said that Chance was a really good guy, that he'd never hurt her like that. Six years later Tony would be a groomsman at Chance and Katrina's wedding and he couldn't have been happier for them.

Tony blamed himself completely for what had happened and went into a state of depression. His friends tried cheering him up and often it worked...if only temporarily washing away his problems with drugs and alcohol. It was at this time, six months after Samantha had left town and his whole life had changed that Tony and his buddies had entered into a radio station contest. The prize, a starring role in a locally filmed porn production.