 Chapter 6: BEHIND THE SCENES

Tony, or as he'd been known for the last six years Max Hardman, was on his way back to his trailer to wash up and grab a bite to eat when around the corner came bouncing the ever annoying Dolly Daze. She was a petite little brunette, somewhat plain in appearance to be brutally honest, but at only 20 years old she was in very fit condition and had some nice tight little buns and perky, if small, breasts.

Tony wasn't sure what it was about her that grated against him so badly though he suspected it to primarily be the general "fakeness" that she exuded. He'd seen her performances and her dialogue as well as her moans of pleasure which were so pathetically overacted that it turned his stomach. She spoke with that piercing little "valley girl" voice that sounded like an adult woman trying to sound like a baby doll. She was also clueless and vapid and had a terrible habit of cutting into anyone's conversation with comments that only further illustrated how utterly uninformed she was. She was the female version of the frat boy douchebag stereotype and Tony found neither sex to be tolerable when they acted in such a way.

Dick swinging, still tipped with a drop of cum from having shot his load all over a classy looking blonde's face only moments before, Tony was in the process of wrapping a towel around his waist as she bounded into view wearing nothing at all. Again, just like an annoying frat boy who insisted on wearing no shirt this chick just ran around the set naked most of the time. The guys, Tony included, didn't mind staring at her supple young bits but it just reinforced the notion that she was a classless little tart, and in the world of porn that's saying something.

"Hey Max!" she smiled and spoke in her usual baby doll tone of voice.

"Hi Dolly." he replied, taking note of her eyes stealing a quick glance at his meat tool before it became obscured by the towel.

It was at that moment that Tony realized something about the difference between male and female sexuality. If a women thought a man to be extremely annoying she likely would never want him so much as to lay a hand on her, let alone would she want to have sex with him. Men, however, would gladly fuck the brains out of an annoying girl but then be done with her after the act was over. Tony liked to think of himself as a decently sensitive guy. He usually wasn't rough with women unless they wanted it that way, and in his regular (read: non-porn) life he preferred to have some kind of emotional attachment to a girl he was to have sex with, even if it was not a profound one, but at least a playful attraction and the idea of making one another feel good. He felt something different looking at Dolly though, and for a fleeting moment felt a pang of guilt for it. He wanted to SPITE FUCK her. He wanted to use her like the little tart she acted like and then tell her to fuck off.

Had porn made him cynical? Was he starting to take after the dickbags he hated on set that treated the girls poorly and were overly rough with them even when it was clear that they didn't like it? He thought about it. No, that wasn't it. He didn't want to abuse her or do anything she didn't want. He just wanted to use her like a piece of ass, if she was willing of course, and then go on about his day.

"You about to go on?" he asked her coyly.

"After the next scene." she giggled, "Right now I'm just full of energy! I drank too much coffee earlier and I've been running around letting all the guys grab my tits and feel up my pussy. I even sucked off one of the sound guys in the break room a few minutes ago! He busted in my mouth in like 20 seconds. I guess he's not used to girls as hot as me sucking his dick."

Yep, she was a completely classless little tart. Tony no longer felt bad for wanting to screw her. Hell, she'd probably come away from the whole thing thinking that she'd been the one to use him anyway, she was that vain. Tony ripped the towel away from his waist and tossed it over his shoulder. Her eyes dropped to his junk.

"You want to come into my trailer and warm up that little snatch of yours for your scene?"

"Fuck yeah." she replied without hesitation, again in that annoying valley girl voice.

He slapped her small, but firm, little ass as he followed her up the steps. Once inside she plopped onto the couch and immediately drew Tony toward her. She brushed the nail-straight brown hair from her face and reach out her tongue to dab up the drop of cum from the tip of his semi-hard cock. She looked up at him making direct eye contact and then did the "pretend like you can't wait to suck his cock" move before taking the whole thing into her mouth and down into her throat. She nearly gagged and had to pull back a bit. She was one of those starlets that thought she was all that but when it came down to it wasn't particularly good at giving head and definitely lacked in the fucking-skills department. She looked up at him again as she began to suck furiously at his once again throbbing member. Tony cracked a wry smile. She might have gotten some sound guy to blow his load down her throat like it was nothing but it'd take a lot more than what she was capable of to get him to cum that easily.

He let her go on for a minute or so then gave her a command, "Lean back."

She gave his dick one last slurp before doing as she was told. Tony got down onto his knees and positioned himself in between her legs. He grabbed his erection and guided it toward her snatch. There was nothing special about it, it was small, featured some moderate sized outer lips that hid the inner labia, and had a fairly prominent clitoral hood. Her clit was sticking out of the hood just a little so he decided to rub the head of his cock against it. She made a sassy little moan and seemed to enjoy it so he did it for a few seconds more. Her bits were completely shaved and smooth to the touch so he didn't mind at all. Then he ran a finger down her slit to make sure she was wet enough. She might have the most fake sounding orgasms he'd ever heard on set but her genitals at least told the truth. She was quite wet, more than enough for penetration. He lined up his member and with one hard thrust rammed his shaft into her tight hole all the way to the hilt. The little slut let out a surprisingly genuine sounding gasp of delight.

His dick was still a little sensitive from having cum less than 10 minutes before so he held it in place for a moment, letting himself feel her all around him. She giggled and tensed her pussy muscles for him to feel. He looked up at her and she was smiling and biting coyly on her finger, trying very much to look innocent.

"Okay." he thought, "I'm going to enjoy this."

Dolly Daze, the annoying girl that he'd never before had the misfortune of being paired with for a scene was now impaled on his throbbing erection and he was about to grind out one hell of an orgasm, using her snug little box as his plaything. Without hesitating any more he began to thrust, hard. He placed her feet onto his chest and reached up to grab the back of the couch to provide some leverage. In and out he pounded. He'd withdraw until only about a half inch of his cock was still inside her and then thrust its entire length in again until he felt it hit the back. This was no marathon session for the cameras, Tony just wanted this girl to feel the power of his man meat and give him a nice hard climax. At some point, probably about a minute in or so, he thought he felt her pussy muscles tense and spasm a little bit. She probably had a small orgasm and he couldn't help but notice that she wasn't making any of the dumb fake sounds he'd heard her use before. Instead, when he thought she'd come, she just went totally silent, making only small quick gasping breaths. A couple of minutes in and Tony could feel his own orgasm approaching rapidly. As he swelled inside her the tightness of her snatch began to feel better and better around him. He was pounding her so hard that he thought he could make out just the slightest hint of discomfort on her face as she gently put her hands against his chest as if to say "not so hard." He accommodated and let up, not wanting to actually hurt the girl, but only a little.

A few more heavy thrusts and Tony withdrew his shiny cock from her supple young body and gave it a couple of tugs before it jerked and shot three thick ropes of cum onto her red and puffy little 20 year old pussy lips. As the feeling of orgasm began to fade away he took a moment to rub the cum into her engorged clit which provoked a few (once again fake sounding) moans. He then stood up and told her to do the same. He had her bend over and lick the last couple of drops from the tip of his dick. Satisfied that he'd gotten what he wanted out of her he slapped her on that little ass of hers and said, "All right. Get out."

She didn't even bat an eyelash at the way he'd treated her. She bit her lower lip and grinned, gave him one more slurp on the head of his penis, then came up and gave him a playful bite on the neck before slapping his ass in return and strolling casually out of his trailer, her pussy still covered in thick white cum.

What the fuck was that? Though the thought of being a jerk to a woman kind of repulsed Tony at the same time he felt robbed of the satisfaction of "using her" like he'd wanted to. Whatever, fuck it, it had felt nice. She might have been an annoying little cunt but as long as she kept her mouth shut her pussy was pretty good. Tony decided to give it no more thought and headed off to take a shower.

Much to his own surprise Tony and Dolly would actually come to be friends over the next few years and the quick fuck-sessions in his or her trailer (and once in the makeup chair) would actually become a fairly regular thing. They were always quickies, always rough, and always ended with one of them or the other telling the other to "get out". At first it was genuine spite, Tony thought, but after hanging out together a few times and having drinks in their off time he leveled with her and told her about her shitty acting and how he thought she'd be better if she just acted herself.

Low and behold she took the advice to heart, began to play up the "shy and meek" thing in front of the camera, and ended up booking more jobs as a result. Behind the scenes, however, she was still the horny little tart that occasionally got on Tony's nerves but as she grew further and further from her teens some of it began to be perceived as "lusty broad" rather than "cocktease teenager".

Of all the friendships Tony forged in his life the one with Dolly, whose real name was Sarah by the way, was likely the most unexpected and it was one that endured until some time around the age of thirty when she moved away and got married. The last Tony heard of her she and her husband were running some kind of swingers retreat up in Washington. Fitting, he thought.