 Toward the end of the evening she asked him for a dance. The DJ played some disco. When the record ended and was replaced with a slow number, she placed her hand on his arm and asked "How about one more?" He was a bit surprised but happily complied. 

He put his arms around her slim waist. The room was hot and she was covered with a fine sheen of perspiration. She pulled him closer against her warm body, as she said quietly "Don't be shy" He felt her warm breath against his neck as they moved to the romantic tune. 

Thankfully the lighting in the dancehall was subdued, so they didn't have to worry about prying eyes. She positioned herself so his leg was between hers and pressed even closer. He panicked as he felt the stirrings of an erection and prayed the music would end before it became evident to her. But she kept him right against her. He felt her nipples harden and push through the thin material of her dress. He tentatively slipped his hand down to her firm ass and was just about to squeeze it when the song was over. As he began to pull away, she looked up at him with dreamy eyes and leaned up for a kiss. 

The DJ announced the final song of the evening, another slow tune. She looked at him and held out her arms. He enwrapped her tightly. Their lips touched, her mouth opened slightly. This time, he caressed her ass, pulling her closer. Her tongue entered his mouth and swirled against his own. She pressed her tits against him and he could swear he heard her moan quietly. 

She invited him up to her room on the 8th Floor. As they entered the elevator, other people filed in with them. She stood in front of him, with her hands behind her back, gently caressing his hardening cock. He looked around to make sure no one was watching. 

They got out and she opened to door. “Just a second” she said and disappeared into the bedroom. 

She was wearing a pair of wide-legged fleece shorts and a tank top underneath an unzipped sweatshirt. "Have a seat, don't be so formal," she said. As he sat on her couch she stretched her slinky frame, "Boy, what a hard day it's been. I feel so tense." 

"Maybe you'd like a little neck rub?" he proposed, hoping the dryness in his throat wouldn't make his voice crack.. "No," she said. "I think I want a little neck-"ing". She slid next to him and kissed him. Her hand fell immediately into his lap and reached for him burgeoning cock. She grabbed the shaft and started to rub it through his shorts. He slipped his arm around her waist to pull her closer. 

Things were moving very quickly, he thought, as he moved his hand under her sweatshirt to happily discovered she wasn't wearing a bra. She grabbed his other hand and pressed it to a hot, throbbing tit. He tugged at her growing nipple and she gasped, "Suck it," lifting her tank top over her sumptuous mounds. He lowered his head for a taste. It sprang fully erect at the touch of his tongue. She pulled him to her other aching tit for equal time. His tongue ran in outward circles around her juicy nipples and back in again concentrically. 

After several minutes of this, she said "I want your tongue somewhere else now. Eat me. Eat my pussy!" She pushed his head down between her tanned legs but he decided to tease her a bit first. He stroked her muscular thighs, caressing the firm flesh and began to slowly kiss his way up her bare feet, licking her calves and behind her knees. She started squirming, grabbing at his shoulders, trying to pull me to her pussy but he stayed the course. 

He was in love with her upper thighs and spent several minutes kissing them, nipping her skin between his teeth, inching closer and closer to her fragrant cunt, sliding his fingers under her shorts to diddle her pussy lips. She was amazingly wet as he slipped two fingers inside her. "That's it," she cried, "Use your fingers. Fuck me with your fingers!" 

He pumped his fingers in and out of her wet hole, vibrating his thumb against her clit. She stiffened as she came for the first time. He descended on her with my mouth. Her juices were flowing as he hungrily lapped at her thighs and cunt. She was squirming harder and harder as she came again. He was just getting harder and harder. 

"Aghhhh, yeah!! Eat me, Eat my hot pussy! EAT ME, LICK ME, FUCK ME WITH YOUR TONGUE," she groaned. "Ohhhhh, Godddd, yessssssss!!!" she hissed, as she started another series of climaxes. After a few minutes she whimpered, "No more. Get up." He obeyed as she yanked off his shorts and grabbed his rock-solid shaft. "I want to do you now. I want to suck your cock. I want to make it slick and pump your cum down my throat. Does that sound nice? Would you like me to do that to you? Would you like to cum down my pretty throat? Tell me. Tell me what you want me to do." 

He felt embarrassed by her dirty talk, but he needed relief. "Yes. Suck me. Take my big dick in your mouth and get it good and wet. Make me cum. I'm gonna give you a big load. And if you can't swallow it all, I'll just have to cum all over your sweet face." 

"Oh, God, yes. Do it." She flicked her tongue over his dickhead. The combination of the cool night air and her hot lips created an intense sensation. She nibbled her way up and down the shaft before taking his heavy balls in her mouth. She licked her way back up and down before licking the palm of her hand. Wrapping her fingers around his cock, she began slowly pumping. he warned her he couldn't take too much of this, if she wanted to get fucked good and hard. 

"The night's still young," she whispered, with a smile. She took his eight inches into her wet mouth and kept it there while her tongue ran up and down its perimeter. "I'm thirsty," she said, popping his cock out of her orifice. "And I want to drink from your thick straw. Something hot and a lot of it. And I want it NOW!" 

The sight over her kneeling suppliantly before him sent him over the edge. He grabbed the back of her head with both hands and pulled her back to his cock, fucking her face. When he felt himself getting ready, he told her "I hope you're really thirsty, honey. I hope you're ready for the big gulp." 

She pulled back to say "Give it to me. I want you to cum...in my mouth. You have to cum in my mouth!" Her head bobbed a few more times. "Come on, do it," she moaned, pumping his dick. "Do it to me. CUM FOR ME!!" 

"Yeah, baby, here it cums. All for you, all for your sweet mouth," and with that he began the most intense orgasm of his life, spewing shot after shot of hot fluid down her throat. When it began spilling out of the corner of her mouth she pulled back, so he projected streams of cum onto her beautiful upturned face. After she swallow what she had in her mouth, she stuck out her tongue for some more, licking the heading as he continued to empty his balls. 

Her hands were working furiously on her pussy as she started to cum once again. When he was spent, she rubbed his cock around her face to collect what cum she could and slipped it back into her mouth. 

She looked up at him lustfully as she continued to suck and massage his balls. He had never returned to form as quickly as he did now, but she was fantastic and deserved a good fucking. 

As soon as he was hard enough, he pulled her to her feet and ripped off her tank top and shorts. "Turn around," he grunted, "Put your hands on that pole." She reached up to the pole slightly above her head. He tied her wrists with the torn shirt. He reached around and grabbed her throbbing tits in his hands. 

After several minutes of desperate kneading, he reached for the beer can. Good, still cold. He poured the beverage down the front of her hot body. She jumped as the coldness ran down her chest, making her nipples harder than ever, and on down her tight stomach to her pussy and legs. He bit the back of her neck and pressed his cock against her ass cheeks as he squeezed her tits again. She thrust her ass back at him as he slid it back and forth between her crack. 

He ran his hands up and over her tits, kneading them like bread dough. She moaned her appreciation and turned her head to him, mouth open. Their tongues battled furiously as he grabbed his cock and pressed it against her cuntlips. She thrashed against him as he fucked her with everything he had. Her breathing become more and more erratic as she gasped her way to another series of orgasms. 

After several minutes of pumping, with the cum forcing its way through his cock, he pulled out of her and sprayed all over her gorgeous sweaty ass. He kissed her hard while he freed her from her bonds. She collapsed in his arms, sated and exhausted. 

They dressed, the cum still shiny on her ass, the sweatshirt substituting for her ripped shirt. She took her finger and wiped some cum from her ass and licked it in front of him as she showed him to the door. “Tomorrow night, I’ll have another surprise for you” and she grabbed his cock. Unbelievably he was getting hard again. She raised her eyebrow and shut the door.