 Thank you for those who read and gave comments. 

À Lui. 

---------------------------------------

"Baby?"

"In here," she called out. He wandered into the room in which she stood, frowning. She glanced up as he approached her. "I narrowed it down to two, but I still can't decide! I mean, do we want this one or that? Oh! Or how about that one? I swear, this is harder to figure out than that stupid Rubik's cube!" 

"You mean the one that I finished in ten minutes?" he teased. She stuck out her tongue.

"The one and the same. I still say you cheated." She nodded at the paper bag in his hand. 

"Bagels. I'll put these in the kitchen and then we'll just flip for it." 

"Sounds good." With her reply, he turned from her and began padding to the kitchen. 

"May I?"

He spun around at the question, startled to find her standing near him, the bag of bagels still in his hand. "May you what?"

"May I?" she repeated, moving even closer. Her breasts barely touched his chest. He shrugged, confusion still written on his face. 

"I suppose."

She smiled and took the bag from him. Tossing it on the table, she closed the gap between them. Stretching up, her lips hovering over his, she asked, "May I?" 

He nodded. 

She lightly kissed him, feeling his mouth open to her. She darted her tongue to the corner of his lip, feeling him do the same. She sighed as their kiss deepened, their tongues playing her favourite game of tag. She could feel his arms begin to move to crush her against him. Reluctantly she nipped his bottom lip and muttered, "May I?"

"Yes." She moved her lips down his neck, exploring his collarbone, inhaling his unique scent. Not being able to resist, she flicked her tongue out for a brief taste. Her fingers slowly undid his shirt, kissing the exposed skin of each undone button. She lingered at his chest, her tongue teasing his nipple, holding the nub lightly with her teeth. Slowly moving her way down, she tugged his shirt from his belt and pushed it completely open. She teased his belly button, dipping her tongue into the dimple. 

She knelt. Glancing up, she caught his gaze. She quietly asked, "May I?" 

"You may."

Smiling to herself, she casually undid his belt and opened his jeans. Kissing above the waistband of his boxers, she pushed his pants down, the garment pooling around his ankles. As he stood there in his boxers, she moved her lips lower, wetting the material as she licked around him, sucking the fabric between her teeth, feeling him grow harder. Biting her bottom lip, she slowly pulled his underwear down, and settled on her knees more comfortably, gazing, almost reverently, at him. His shaft twitched in front of her. Lightly licking her lips, she whispered, "May I?"

Hardly waiting for his affirmation, she nuzzled his crotch, breathing in deep his scent. Her mouth watered. Gently kissing the skin, she lightly tongued him, barely touching him. She felt him move his hands to her head, his fingers weaving in her hair, digging into her scalp. Grasping the base, she rubbed her lips over him before dragging her tongue over his length, her tongue swirling at the tip. She gently poked at his hole, craving that taste, needing more. With a soft moan, she parted her lips and slipped his head into her waiting mouth. She lightly sucked, her tongue circling his crown, her mouth bathing him as she worked his length into her throat. 

She stopped and glanced up, her cheeks hollow and her mouth full of him. She smiled around his shaft and slowly slid her head down, until her nose pressed against his pelvis. Working her throat muscles, she massaged him. She felt his hands tighten in her hair. Reaching back with her knuckle, she gently cupped his balls, her other hand on his ass, drawing him deeper into her. She groaned as she felt him jerk. She slowly bobbed her head, her tongue flicking his tip as her lips memorised his texture and veins. She raised her eyes, and catching his own, winked as she moved her head faster, taking him deeper into her throat, her groans vibrating against his shaft. 

Her mouth plunged down onto him, her tongue working at his weak spot. Her nails dug into his skin, pulling him deeper, as if she was trying to swallow him whole. She moaned as she felt his muscles tighten, his fingers twisting in her hair, pulling her onto him. She sucked mercilessly, his hips thrusting hard into her mouth; she yearned for his release, craved to be fed, needed his pleasure. Looking up, she wordless told him of her want, her lips tight around him. He pushed her head down onto him, and with a loud groan, music to her ears, she felt the pulses of his release and tasted his pleasure. Her lips tight around him she sucked hard as he emptied himself deep into her hungry mouth. Slumping slightly, he pulled from her. 

She sat back on her heels and glanced up. Slowly, she clasped her hands behind her back, throwing her shoulders straight and pushing her breasts out. Her gaze never wavering from his, she deliberately tilted her head back and opened her mouth, his cum pooled at the bottom of her throat, threatening to spill out. Her eyes pleaded her burning desire for him, her face begging him the question. She remained motionless on her knees, waiting for his response. He nodded. "You may." 

At the sound of his voice, she swallowed, her eyes briefly closing as his addicting flavour slid down her throat. Pawing her face, she caught a drop at the corner of her mouth and sucked her finger clean. Leaning forward, she languidly licked him, her tongue snaking to find any last taste of him. When she was satisfied, she slowly stood up, and pressed her body against his. She nestled into his neck for a moment, and pressing her lips against him, she tasted his slightly salty skin, before settling against his shoulder. She breathed him in, feeling his heart beat against her chest, her nipples brushing against him. They stood there for a sigh of a moment. Stretching up, she placed her lips to his ear and purred, "Thank you. Thank you for feeding me."