 After some 10 years of leaving home she feared her return would only prove to be a disaster. Yet she had no choice but to go home.

As a teenage girl she had fallen in love with her best friend. He knew her every thought, her every mood. He knew her. 

She shared everything with him except the love she felt for him. 

Maybe she should have.

She had never felt and has never since felt the way she did every moment she spent with him. 

He made her feel loved and had woke something in her she had yet to discover existed. 

Who was she kidding, He was her best friend. Everyone knows the best way to kill a friendship is to fall in love with them. 

She had never met anyone like him; he was attentive, caring and respectful. 

He always made her feel as though he'd move mountains for her if she'd only ask. 

Maybe she should have. 

In one night, in one moment of time. She had let that opportunity be stolen from her. 

Someone else had stolen her moment and moved her mountain, placing it between them. 

She could no longer feel that special warmth she'd felt in those moments spent with him. She no longer felt she deserved to have those moments. 

No longer deserved for him to move those mountains for her, to push back the mountain now between them.

After years of separation. The first time she truly saw him, she could feel the shadow of that forgotten mountain looming over her, as he walked right through it bringing with him the warmth of the moment, she'd lost so long ago.

That feeling of unadorned affection and unconditional love that he had once instilled in her.

14 years have passed and He's wrapped her in his affection. As attentive and caring as though she had never left him. 

She feels it every moment they spend together. In every door he opens. The soft caring voice in which he speaks to her, the way he looks at her. (Or does he)

Once again he knows her, her every mood, her every thought (or does he). 

Maybe he should have

He reads her; she feels it in everything he does. In the music they share, the way he smiles at her, the light in his eyes, the way he takes care of her.

Once again she knows his every mood, his every thought (or does she) They share everything with one another (or do they) 

Maybe they should have.

Nothing has changed, after 14 years it's still the same. He loves her, or does he? she loves him, or does she? 

Maybe they don't, or do they?

She fears his touch for the warmth that it builds in her. The desire it creates.

The feel of his hand and the brush of his skin only serve to build a fire within. That touch makes her crave him and remember how it feels to sleep by his side. The warmth of his body drawing her in.

Will they finally come together, (or should they)

Maybe they should have.

As she listens to his soft warm voice and closes her eyes she can feel his presence as he draws nearer. She can feel his hands on her waist and his warm breath on her neck, soft kisses behind her ear. 

She's dreamed of his touch for years now, such a warm gentle loving touch.

The feel of his hands traversing her skin. Eye's still closed, heart now pounding from the growing needs inside her. The fear, longing, anticipation and excitement. As he moves his hands to her shoulders softly caressing her silky skin. 

She can feel his hands massaging her neck, shoulders, down her arms. 

The heat building in her, a shiver makes its way down her spine and she can feel a tremble in her legs. 

The fear grows as she wonders rather or not she can handle this touch she's longed for. The fear of not knowing what will happen next. The biggest fear of all; not knowing what will happen afterwards, in the days to come. 

Will this be the first and last time she'll ever know his touch?

She searches for self composure when the tips of his fingers graze her breast as his hands explore her arms. 

The kisses and suckling he continues to lavish upon her neck cause her entire body to tingle. She feels the warmth and wetness make it's presence below.

He turns her, face to face now she try's desperately to hide her feelings from him, doesn't want him to know how much she's longed for his touch.

She thinks of how she needs him, how she wants him.

He whispers in her ear, I need you, I want you. 

Was she thinking out loud or does he just know.

He nibbles her ear lobe then kisses down her neck to the hollow place, unbuttoning her shirt as he does. He caresses her breast; his touch and the feel of lace rubbing her sensitive nipples make her breast so taught and nipples so hard it almost hurts.

She can't believe how sensitive she is to his touch. He un-clasp the front of her lace bra. She feels his lips meet hers, his tongue parting them as he kisses her long and passionate. His hands caressing her breast, fingers circling her erect nipples occasionally pinching them.

He releases her from his impassioned kiss and takes her breast in his mouth. 

Her trembling body and low moans make him aware of just how receptive and sensitive she is to him. He's careful, making every touch soft and gentle.

Her breathing becomes labored, legs shaking, body trembling. She feels her knees wanting to buckle under her.

She can't handle his touch, can't control the emotions and fire that's fought so long to be released and she climaxes for the first time of the night.

He takes her hand and leads her to the bedroom. Slides her pants over her hips and lets them fall to the floor, pushes her shirt and bra straps off her shoulders following them down her arms also letting them fall to the floor. 

She wants to open her eyes, to see him take him in. Fearing it's all a dream she keeps them shut to savor the moment.

She feels his lips trace over the flat of her stomach, kissing her belly button as he slides her panties over her hips and they drop around her ankles.

He caresses her rounded ass then works his hands down the backs of her legs, massaging her thighs, tickling the basks of her knees. Massaging her calves and ankles. 

Her body once again begins to tremble. 

The moisture between her thighs growing once again, throbbing and burning for him. She feels his hands now massaging up the inside of her legs. 

He slips a hand between her thighs touching her tracing her slit with his finger. She gasps and moans.

She tells him she needs him. He rises to kiss her and tells her he's needed her too. 

She whispers "I love You" then fills with fear. Oh, god I didn't mean to say that. I hope he didn't hear me.

He pushes her down onto the bed releasing her pants and panties from her ankles as she slides back. 

(She makes a sigh of relief, thinking he must not have heard her) 

She watches him undress, taking his time as though the night will last a lifetime.

The fear and longing has reached its height, she shivers and trembles. Scared to move, scared to disappoint, scared the night won't last a lifetime. Scared he'll never love her or need her as she needs him.

He slides into the bed next to her, lying on their sides to face one another he places his hand on her hip and traces her skin back and forth over her hip and thigh. His touch causing her skin to tingle.

He kisses her long and hard this time as though he's been waiting years for this moment. 

He slides his hand between her thighs rubbing her softly. The tickle of her hair sends a tantalizing sensation coursing through her and she quivers. 

He kisses her breast and then whispers in her ear "are you scared" 

yes, she is, but she doesn't answer. "Do you love me, I need to hear you say it again" 

Yes I do, I love you. 

"Then there's no reason to fear me, trust me as you always have."

She turns on her back and parts her legs for him as he explores her body with hands, lips and tongue. 

Under trembling voice she tells him she wants him, she's incomplete without him, needs to feel him inside her.

He says, "we have the rest of our lives."

As he moves down her body she once again quivers under him. He kisses the flat of her belly, dips his tongue in her belly button. 

When she feels his kiss on her nether regions she can feel her hips begin to move. She bends her knees and slides her ankles up to her rear. 

Legs trembling body all a quiver she takes a deep breath and gasps loudly at the feel of his tongue parting her, sliding inside her. 

Every moment has been so intense, every touch more ardent than the last she knows it won't be long before she'll climax again. 

She's lost all control of her senses knows he now has full control of her every movement, her every feeling.

He pushes his tongue as far into her depths as possible then runs it up her till he reaches her clitoris. 

A broken scream escapes her lips. Her breathing once again labored breast heaving. He plays with it, circling with his tongue, teasing it. 

"Oh, God please stop, I need to feel you inside me"

She reaches for him trying to pull him from her, pleading to have him inside her. 

He pushes her back down, tells to lie there and enjoy.

She feels a finger slip inside her, slow and gentle working back and forth, then a second. 

It's been so long for her, 5 years since she's let another man touch her. 

She's longed for him to touch her this way for so long that every touch, every movement is more intense, sensual, and exciting than any touch she's ever felt.

She can feel herself tightening around his fingers with every stroke. 

He takes her clitoris between his lips sucking it with such fervor she begins to feel off balance, head spinning, mind racing. As he increases his pace, her legs begin to quiver, muscles tightening. She squirms under him, her back arches and she lets out a moaning scream as she climaxes a second time for him. 

He slides his tongue inside her and up her slit before pulling himself up to her and kissing her breasts and then her lips. 

Again he whispers in her ear "do you love me, do you need me, do you trust me," 

under heavy breath and trembling voice she answers "I always have, I always will"

He asks her if she's ready to climax with him, if she wants to feel him in her. 

"Yes, I need you to be a part of me"

His kisses flow over her as he slides himself inside her. It's been so long her body jerks and she gasps as his head penetrates her. He stops, "no, please don't stop, I have to feel you, need to feel you"

He took her slowly passionately, making such sweet love to her; she climaxed over and over until they finally came one last time together.

He asked her yet again "do you really love me" 

yes, I always have, I always will. 

She then asked him "do you Love me"

A slight movement from her bed woke her, she sat up disoriented. Found his shirt with his beautiful smell lying on her pillow. 

Was it a dream, had he really been in her bed?

She went to the bathroom, washed her face then headed to the kitchen. As she sat down at the dining table with her coffee she said good morning to him and asked if he had slept well. All the while thinking, wondering!

Was it really a dream? (Or did they)

Maybe they should have.