  [ I find rain and churches to be turn on's. This story includes vanilla sex and mystery. If you know her, let me know the solution to the mystery. ] 

*

When she walked into the bar I felt her energy. It was Wednesday at two in the afternoon and raining hard outside. She was covered by a man's yellow raincoat and hat. Her bare legs and high heeled boots gave her gender away. She glanced around the bar and noticed that she and I were alone.

Without hurrying she walked to the bar, slipped up on a stool and said, "Beer please, in a glass."

I sat the glass in front of her and she pulled a fifty from the raincoat pocket. I was a little surprised at that. No purse. No wallet. Just a fifty. I made change and handed it to her. She didn't count it, just shoved it in her pocket.

"Some days I wish I was a fish," she said. Her right hand lifted the glass and she touched it to her lip and took a long drink. I watched. When she put the glass down she looked me over again.

"Not very busy today."

"Not expecting anyone else until about five. Then some of the office gents from down the block will come in to drown their sorrows."

"That gives us plenty of time." She looked me in the eyes and leaned forward just a bit. I wondered where this was going.

"Plenty of time for what?"

"Are you a Catholic?"

"No, do you need one?"

"No. I need a non-Catholic. You."

"Me? I don't think you need me."

"Yes. You. Do you know the date?"

"May second."

"Yes. Do you believe in revenge or pay back?"

"Sometimes. Are you here to pay me back for something?"

"No. I want you to help me pay back the Church."

"How?"

"I want you to close the bar for half an hour and take me inside the church across the street and fuck me."

"Say that again." I wanted to be sure I heard her correctly.

"I want you to close the bar for half an hour and take me inside the church across the street and fuck me."

"That's what I heard the first time. Why in the church?"

"Do you care? I just offered you the fuck of the week and you want to know why in the church?"

"No. Not really. Maybe inside all that wet yellow you are a guy with a pretty face."

"If you want to see my body, ask."

"I want to see your body. Please."

She stood next to the bar stool and opened the raincoat. I had seen everything she was wearing when she came in. She opened the raincoat and I saw a beautiful young woman, nude except for the boots. Her breasts were high on her chest, small and tipped with hard nipples. Farther down she was smooth, like a little girl. Her legs were dancers legs and her torso also looked like she spent lots of time doing something to stay really fit. The muscle in my jeans began to flex in anticipation.

Her eyes followed me as I walked from behind the bar and went to the door. I took the keys out of my pocket and turned the "open/closed" sign to "Closed". She zipped the coat closed and I put mine on. She stepped outside and after locking the door I followed her across the street.

We entered the quiet of the church. I followed her to the front of the church where the large alter was taking center stage. On a Sunday if there were enough people to fill the room there might be as many as three hundred people sitting in the room. Because the alter was elevated everyone in the room would be able to see it. The woman walked up the center aisle and moved around behind the alter.

I followed her. Once we were behind the alter she removed the raincoat and the boots. "Take off your clothes." It was a command more than a request.

I did as she asked. She looked so hot, so willing and I hadn't been laid in three months.

"Help me up," she said. I helped her up onto the alter and at her request followed her up. She lay back and spread her legs. I looked and saw that she was glistening and her most intimate opening was open, waiting for my visit.

"Do you just want a fuck or would you like to cum too?"

"I only cum when someone who really knows how eats me."

"Let's find out if I am one of the ones who knows how."

On my belly on the cold marble I buried my face in her pussy. She lifted her legs and put her feet on my back. I was amazed. She was so smooth I had to believe she never had hair around her pussy. She was a smooth as a baby. Her taste was my favorite taste in the world. I used my tongue and lips to explore and stimulate every nerve ending I could find.

As I focused my attentions on her pussy she held my head in her hands and she moaned.

When she spoke she whispered, "Oh, you are the right man! Take me over the edge."

I forgot about the risk of being caught. I forgot about being in a church. I was worshiping at my church, the Church of the Blessed Woman. My hands found her tits and when I touched them she spoke again, "Pinch my nipples! Pinch hard!"

My hands grasped her entire breasts with my thumb and index finger pinching her nipples. She moaned again and arched her back. I sucked on her growing clit and she shuddered.

"Oh God damn, I'm so close! Don't stop!"

'Wouldn't dream of it.' I thought. My lips held on to her bud as she went. Her body thrashed and her feet kicked my back as she moaned through her orgasm. I held on and when she calmed down I sat up, between her legs.

"Ready?"

"Yes! Take me right here!"

She watched as I aimed my hard cock into her swollen pussy. As I slid in she moaned and said, "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

She was so tight that even though she was very wet it was difficult to get in. My hips pressed my cock into her as my hands held her hips from sliding away from me. I slowly entered her until all of my cock was inside her. I could feel the muscles inside her vagina massaging me, getting used to being filled. Slowly I pulled back and then pushed in again. Each stroke was longer and stronger until I was slamming into her as deep and as hard as I could.

The church was filled with the noises of our joining. Our breathing, loud and mixed with animal-like noises of rutting. Our wet noises of my cock slamming into her cunt. It was glorious.

"Christ, fill me with cum! Fuck me forever!" She screamed!

I could feel the juices, the jizzim, the cum rising from my balls and filling her cunt. I bellowed like the lion I felt like and felt the pulsing of my cock as it unloaded everything I had.

She pulled me down on top of her and we lay still for a few moments, sweating together and feeling our combined juices flowing out onto the alter. After our breathing returned to normal I kissed her and she explored the inside of my mouth with her tongue.

We slowing uncoupled and got off the alter. She was careful not to disturb the offering we had left. She took a long cloth from a nearby shelf and used it to wipe the sweat from both of us. We redressed. Actually, I redressed she put her boots and raincoat on. When we got to the door of the church she said, "By the way, what's your name?"

"Adam. Yours?"

She smiled, kissed me hard and as she turned to walk away she said, "Eve, of course."