 This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between the characters and real individuals is coincidence. All characters are over age eighteen.

A younger redhead gets hassled by a jerk. I intervene, but she isn't sure she can trust me either. So I find a way to prove myself. 

****

While some people hate travelling alone, it doesn't bother me. It gives me the opportunity to fool around. On one such trip, I stayed in a funky old place built in the 1800s. Tiny rooms with no chairs, bathrooms down the hall, live music on Tuesday evenings, and cheap. My company loved the cheap part. 

One Tuesday evening, I came back to the hotel while the band was playing. They weren't very good, but I hung around anyway to ogle the women. One in particular caught my eye. She was young, to me anyway, in her early thirties. She had a full head of curly, red hair. She also had some lovely curves, and liked to show them off in tight clothes. Confidence is always a turn on for me. So I worked myself around to see her face, and was pleased to see freckles, hazel eyes, and a big easy smile.

Her smile didn't last. There were a couple of guys there trying to chat her up. They both looked like they had a few too many. The harder they tried, the more uncomfortable she looked. Then one leaned in and said something into her ear. Then her smile disappeared completely and she turned and moved away from him.

The guy didn't get the hint and tried to follow her. I believe she sensed this, turned to face him, and held up her hand. I couldn't hear a thing, but I'm sure it was a clear signal for him to get lost. She found a spot to stand over to my left, and the guy bothering her was on my right, talking to his friend. He turned toward her, and started coming over. I could tell by the look on his face that trouble was coming. He didn't like being shot down and the word 'no' meant little to him. I looked over at her and she was tensed for a confrontation.

Men that don't understand what 'no' means piss me off. They make all men seem like jerks. So I stepped right into his path and looked him in the face. "I don't think she's interested," I said. The band was playing and I doubt he heard me, but that didn't matter. He knew what I said. I've never been in a fight, except with my brother. That's partly because I'm well over six feet tall and weigh around 220 pounds. That usually ends fights before they start. He said something to me, but I didn't hear and didn't care. He turned around, talked to his friend, and they both headed for the exit. I watched them leave. The one guy stared at the redhead on his way out, but she was watching the band. 

Just then, the music stopped and the frontman was talking to the crowd. The redhead walked over toward me. "You didn't have to do that," she said.

"Sorry, I wasn't trying to butt in. But I don't think too much of men like that."

"I can take care of myself."

I looked at her and nodded. "I'm sure you can. My apologies."

I figured that was the end of it, but she added, "But thanks anyway."

"You're welcome."

"So were you trying to defend my honor?"

I didn't know what to say, unsure of what the right answer might be. Still, this attractive woman was still talking to me, and that at least was a good sign. "I guess I didn't really think anything. I saw him following you and he looked pissed. I was already in front of him before I did any thinking."

"Okay, I appreciate it. I just wondered if you hoping for rescue points."

"Um..." I stalled, not understanding.

"You rescue me, then you check to see if I'm okay, then you offer me a drink or a dance."

"Oh, I wasn't thinking that. But I confess I only noticed him because I was looking at you."

"Oh, really?"

"Yeah." I paused for a moment, still unsure of what to say and beginning to feel like there was a game going on where I didn't know the rules.

"Now maybe you're trying to take advantage."

"Uh, well, like I said, I think you're very attractive and..."

"Mmmm, hmmm."

She was still bantering with me, but I felt a little on the defensive. So I made an attempt at humor and hoped for the best. "Well, if you came closer and kissed me, then no one could say I was taking advantage of you. In fact, an impartial observer might think it was you taking advantage of an old man."

"Ah! You are just a piece of work aren't you. You just want me to get close."

"Guilty as charged."

"So you can grab me?"

"No, no," I said, beginning to think she might like me. "So that you can grab me."

She groaned and rolled her eyes, "I think you're trying to pick me up."

"Mmmmaybe. How am a I doing?"

"Not very good."

"Yeah," I thought quickly. "Maybe we'd have better luck if you tried to pick me up."

"Ah!" She smiled at this and said, "What if I'm not interested?"

I acted the part of being hurt, looking at the ground, pouting. Then I looked at her with giant, sad puppy eyes and said, "I guess I'll be going."

"Oh, please! You're impossible. How do I know I can trust you?"

"Oh, you can trust me. Of course you can. But if I were you, I wouldn't."

"What? Why wouldn't I trust you?"

"Because you just met me. We haven't even exchanged names. For all you know, I could be a psycho-killer."

"Are you a psycho-killer?"

"Fake news! None of it's true folks. More lies from the lying liars at the Fake News Network."

"Oh, please stop!"

"Look at it this way. If there were two men, a predator and a total gentleman, how could you tell them apart? Both would swear you could trust them, right? So that's no help. You seem smart, careful, and a good judge of character. Should you trust me? I'll leave that up to you."

She looked away, I guess thinking about what I said, still smiling. By now, I was convinced she liked me, at least a little. Then as the band started playing again, she looked back and shouted, "Okay, I trust you, a little, for now. Um, can we go over here; the band is too loud and I can hardly..."

"What?" I bent my ear and performed my old man impression. "Eh? What's that you say, missy?"

She laughed and rolled her eyes, then motioned for me to follow her to the corridor that led to the restrooms and elevator. When we got there, she grabbed my collar and pushed me against the wall. "I trust you, but only a little. Don't mess with me; I know how to defend myself. No shit."

"Okay then. Note to self, don't fuck with...what was your name? I'm Carsten, by the way."

"Meg."

"Hi, Meg. Don't fuck with Meg. Okay, got it."

She still gripped my collar, and a woman leaving the restroom looked at us funny. But they must have assumed we were just goofing around because we were both smiling. "So what brings you here?"

"Business. You?"

"Same. I've never been here before."

"I've been here twice before. This is the hottest thing going, believe me." I looked at her, and said, "Hey, Meg?"

"What?"

"Are you going to beat me up, or kiss me?"

I didn't expect what came next. She kissed me, gently, then said, "You seem okay to me. That's what I like about some older men."

I just looked at her, again, unsure of what to say. "Older man; I don't think I'll ever get used to hearing that, but I'm glad you like me. I sure like you."

She looked back and we just stood there. "Well, what now? This band sucks."

"Maybe there's a movie or something."

"Ummm, no. It's kind of late."

"Well, we could go somewhere and kiss for a while."

"Uh, huh! Now I understand. So I suppose you'll invite me to your motel next."

"That would be all to easy. You're already there."

She laughed, and said. "Oh," and smiled at me. "I suppose you're going to invite me up, then."

"Excellent idea."

Meg just looked at me, smiling, as we got on the elevator.

When I opened the room door, she spun around and playfully punched my shoulder. "There's only a bed here; not a single chair. You are just impossible." She was right, there wasn't any room for anything but the bed, a luggage rack, and an antique armour. My company picked the cheapest room available.

"Oh, you're right. I forgot. No place to sit except the bed. Whaddya know?" I gently grabbed her elbows and bent down for a kiss. We kissed several times, both of us trying to see if we wanted more. That question was soon answered when Meg pulled away and gently pushed me toward the bed until I ran out of room and fell on it.

"I still don't know if I can trust you."

"Well, you're a careful woman, Meg. I think you'd only trust me if I was tied up."

"That's an interesting idea."

"Uh, well, uh, I'm actually not..."

"Not into that? Neither am I."

"But I could pretend to be tied up," I replied.

"Hmmm," was her only reply. "Okay, pretend you're tied up."

"Uh, okay, like this?" I put my hands up by the headboard. Meg kicked her heels off and crawled up onto the bed. Now I knew she liked me. Seeing her big smile and her ample bust line crawling toward me in those tight pants got my heart racing.

Meg leaned down and kissed me, letting her breasts push against my chest. I could feel her nipples through our clothes and felt my cock harden. Her heavy breathing between kisses told me she was getting into it as much as I was.

"Are you still tied down?"

"Umm, hmmm."

Meg then straddled me with her crotch right up against my dick. "Mmmm, hmmmm," she moaned softly, with her eyes closed. Then she came down to kiss me. I really wanted to throw my arms around her and run my hands through her hair or tickle her ribs, but to play the game, I had to keep my arms 'tied up'.

Instead, Meg took advantage of me and held my head and kissed me on my mouth and cheeks. Her heavy breasts pressing on my chest and her crotch rubbing on my dick felt so good. By the time her kissing moved to my neck and ears I started moaning softly and breathing hard.

She rose to her knees, still straddling me and and looked down as she ground her crotch against mine. She smiled, and giggled as she looked down, as her chest heaved. Meg was struggling for breath when she asked if I was "Still tied?"

"I can't move," I moaned.

She smiled and looked at me as she started pulling her tight top off. Meg's large breasts bounced a little when they emerged again. Her black lacy bra seemed barely able to contain them.

"Mmmm, Meg, you're gorgeous. Do you know that?"

Meg smiled, and looked down at my hardon, clearly visible through my pants. Staring at my cock, Meg began to rub herself against it, moaning softly. "Mmmm, and you are a handsome gentleman. Do you know that?"

"Not too old, then?"

"No, no. Not to me. Not at all. I'm not in to boys." Meg looked me in the eye as she sighed and started to unbuckle my belt. She stopped after the first button and came down to kiss me again. My arms were still 'tied up' so I couldn't hold her like I wanted to. I didn't care; it was a rush to see her do what she wanted with me. And I think it was a rush for her too.

Meg ran her fingers through my hair as she kissed me and bit my lip and my ears. Then she went to work on my shirt. This curvaceous, green-eyed redhead beauty was grooving on me, more and more each moment.

Though I was 'tied up' I couldn't help but lift my pelvis a little. My cock wanted to probe her sex but all those clothes were in the way. When she felt me rise like that, she moaned as she tongued my ear, "Mmmmm, oooooh." Now she was tongue fucking my ear and breathing so hard that it brought a desperate moan. We both needed more.

We didn't have to wait long.

Meg scooted up to sit on my belly, then rose and unsnapped her bra. Her tits bounced out, heavy, soft, freckled, and delicious, they hung right in my face. I could see nothing else. Meg brought them closer and pulled my head up to lick them. When I did, Meg moaned and began to rub her massive tits across my mouth. Her hardened nipples bounced across my lips and tongue. "Mmmm, hmmm, do you like that, sweetie?" she said.

"Mmm, hmmm."

Breathless she scrambled off the bed and unbuttoned her pants. "Take your clothes off."

"Can't," I said, pretending I couldn't move my arms.

"Mmmmm," she laughed and ripped off my shoes, unzipped my pants, and began pulling on my pant legs. My butthuggers looked like a tent when my throbbing schlong pushed them up. Meg kept looking at my dick as she pulled her pants off to reveal a black thong that matched her bra. What a beautiful lady! Curves everywhere and in all the right places. And that big mane of red hair that framed her freckled face and green eyes! I wanted her so bad. I wanted my cock inside her, but being 'tied up' she could torture me forever if she wanted.

But she wasn't that cruel.

Meg grabbed my undershorts and pulled them down. "Ooooh, mmmmm," she said when my dick bounced free. She crawled back onto the bed and let her giant tits fall on my knees first, then up my thighs, then when they reached my cock, Meg dragged them across and back and forth. Her erect nipples bouncing on my stiff dick was such a turn on. "Mmmm, oh, you're cock feels so good on my tits. Mmmmm, so big and hard!"

With one hand, Meg wrapped her tits tight around my stiff dick and began to tit fuck me. "Oooooh, Oh! Meg! Oooooh, shit." She paused for a second, looked me in the eye and winked, then took my thick cock into her mouth. "Oooooh, shit! Meg! Oh!" I cried as I felt Meg take my dick into her wet mouth. When she pulled up, my erect cock was dripping wet. Now it slid easily between her sweaty melons. The more I moaned, the faster she went, and I had to warn her, "Ooooh, don't make me cum yet."

That seemed fine to her. Meg stood again and stepped out of her thong. As she did, I stared at her clean shaven pussy. It was beautiful, just like the rest of her. The thought that this might just be a fantasy crossed my mind, but it was absolutely real and incredible! Meg dragged her thong across my thighs and up and around my glistening penis, and then up to my face, where she held the wet part up to my nose and mouth. I eagerly took her thong into my mouth and tried to suck her juices out of it.

Meg was turned on now. Breathing hard, sh straddled me again, "Ooooooh, Mmmmmm. Oh, honey, I love older men that know how to treat a woman!"

With that, it looked like she was about to ride my cock. "Come up, higher" I said. She looked confused. "Higher, all the way up." Meg's face changed. "Oh my god!" She scooted up. I watched her freckled tits jostle. Her nipples were hard as gemstones. As she breathlessly climbed up, her pink slit passed over my abdomen and I felt her pussy juices wetting my chest. Meg moved up to where her dripping cunt was right over my face. 

"Show me your pussy, Meg. Please."

"Oh, I'd love to," Meg said as she rose up on her knees directly over my face. She spread her pussy lips for me to see her slick, eager canal. Her every breath was a moan now. "Oh, are you going to do what I think you're going to do?"

"No, you are," I said. Just as I uttered this I stuck my tongue out as far as it would go and made it stiff for Meg to ride on. Seeing that, Meg lowered herself and my tongue slid into her warm, wet slit and she cried out, "Oh! Ooooooh, Mmmmmm. Oh, shit! Mmmm." She rose and fell onto my tongue, and soon began gyrating her drenched cunt all over it, alternating fucking it with grinding. She rose a little, just so her soaking pussy lips and her glistening clit barely touched against the tip of my tongue. The contact was so light, touching just enough to tease and make her ache for more. Each teasing move Meg made brought more moaning and gasping. "Oh! Gnnnnn, Mmmmm, Hoooh, Ooooooh, shit! Mmmmm!" That's when I felt the first quiver in her legs.

Meg's pussy juice ran down my face as she grabbed hold of the headboard and began teasing her clit ever so gently across the tip of my tongue. "Ooooooh, shit. Oh, Ah!, Mmmmmmm, Oooooooh. Oh my, Gnnnnn." Then she gyrated and circled her clit around, only occasionally letting it touch directly. Meg seemed to be losing her breath now and gasping for air, as if she was about to fall across the threshold.

Then Meg began fucking my tongue again, just harder. I kept it as stiff and high as I could while Meg repeatedly brought her sopping wet slit down around my tongue. Each time I penetrated her cunt, Meg moaned and cried, "Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh!, Ah!, Mmmm, Ah!, Gnnnnn, ah!" Then she shifted and teased her clit button on the tip of my tongue, calling out with each pass. She began gyrating so that my tongue circled her clit. Each time she wildly cried out, Oh!, Ooooh!, Gnnnn, Ah!"

Meg's pace quickened and I felt her legs shake around me. She didn't seem to know what she liked most, sliding my stiff tongue into her sopping canal, or gyrating on it like a toy, or flashing her slick clit over the tip. She was loving all of it! In another few seconds, her legs shook and she could take no more. "Oooooh, oh! Oh, my, Gnnnnnnn, Ah!, Oh! Ooooh. Mmmmmmmm, gnnnnn, damn, Ooooooo. OH! Oh! Oh, shit! Shit! Shit! Oh!, Ah! Ooooooo, ooooooh, oooooh, ooooh, Mmmmmm, Gnnnnnnnnn! Oh! Aaaahahahaaaa!" Meg's warm pussy fluids gushed down my face as her orgasm surged through her legs, her soaking cunt, her tits, and hardened nipples.

Meg shook violently as she screamed and groaned. She was out of breath and quivering all over when she grabbed her breasts hard and fell down beside me, still moaning, still shaking, still cumming. I wanted to hold her but I was still 'tied up' and could only look. She was writhing with her legs tight together, still convulsing, still wriggling and dizzy.

"Untie me, please? Meg? Please!" I asked. "I want you."

"Oh," Meg replied, seemingly half conscious. "Oh! God! Oh!"

I rolled over to spoon her and massaged her soft breasts in my hands. Meg's curvy body was wet with sweat and she was still breathing deep. I pulled some of her red hair out of the way so I could do to her neck and ears what she had done to mine. She began to moan softly and then groaned as my eager cock probed between her thighs.

Now it was my turn to tie her up and have my way with her. "Meg, baby, get on your back."

She complied.

I raised her hands up over her head and pretended to tie them as she moaned with anticipation. Then I grabbed one of Meg's ankles and raised it so I could kneel down between her legs. "Oh, Mmmm, baby!" she said. Then I grabbed the other ankle and spread her legs apart. Meg's wet slit lay there, pink, open, and inviting. She cried and moaned as I rubbed my thick cock across her pussy lips and let my head slide gently across her slick clit. "Mmmmm, ooooh, gnnnn, mmmmm!" I could feel her juices begin to flow again as my cock hardened, making itself ready to penetrate her drenched pussy.

"Oh!" Meg cried again, unsure of when I was going to probe her body. Sensing this, I teased her more. Hell, I teased us both. I really wanted to slide my cock inside of her right up to the hilt, but I wanted this to be special too, so I teased, sliding my dick across her dripping pussy lips and over her clit. Then I brought my cock lower and inserted only the ip into her slit just as if I was going to thrust it in, but pulled out just to drive us both crazy. Then I returned to teasing.

"Ooooh, please!"

"Not yet," I gasped, unable to get enough air and talk at the same time. I probed her again, but only inserting the tip, now shining wet with her pussy juice.

Just when I had her convinced I was going to keep teasing, I lied, "Not yet," but forcefully drove each inch of my dick into her warm, wet, love canal.

"Oooooh, Oh! Oh!, Mmmmmmm," she cried.

Oh! Ah! Ahhhhhh, Mmmmm" I called out, unable to control what I was saying as I drove my shaft deeper until it couldn't go any further.

"Oh! Oh! Ah. Aaaashhh, mmmmmm," Meg moaned, feeling my stiff dick fill her up. With her hands 'tied' above her head and her feet apart, I pumped her slowly, deliberately savoring the passing of each inch of my cock through her tight wet slit. In all the way, then out, then penetrating again all the way. With each slow, deliberate thrust, her warm cunt gripped my cock hard, urging me to thrust it in again and again. Each time, Meg and I both moaned and cried, desperate for orgasm and yet savoring every inch in and every inch out.
