 I am a true Leo girl. If you look up the definition of Leo in the dictionary, you would see a picture of me. 

First, how I look. I am truly a big cat. I am "tawny," with big brown eyes and a mane of wild blond hair. I am fit and athletic, sleek and strong. 

Second, what you have to understand about Leos is that while we have a reputation for having big egos, what that means is we have weak, very insecure egos. We rant and roar, but underneath there is a serious problem with self-confidence. Pride covers over a massive insecurity complex. 

I'm not one of those outgoing Leos, though. I'm what they call a Shy Pussycat. But don't let that fool you. I may be more reserved, but I am passionate, like all Fire Signs. 

So I want to tell you about my special lover—my wonderful Mr. Sagittarius. Also a Fire Sign. You can imagine when two of us get together. I knew it would be explosive, I just didn't know how. 

His name is Marco. Like all Sag's, he is the center of attention. Sag's move and go like comets in the sky. They do not have a problem with confidence. They have more than enough. Marco is vital and electric. He has tons of friends, always the life of the party. He is hyper and intense and he never slows down. Wherever he is, that's where you want to be. I've known him—or rather known about him—forever, from mutual friends. The thing is, I never thought I'd be interested in him—he's not my physical type. He is short, and I am tall. He is a small guy, and while I am thin, I'm not a petite girl. I just never thought about him that way, even though I have always noticed his face. His mom is white, his dad is black, so he has this gorgeous skin, burning black eyes, full lips. He is definitely cute, but like 5 inches shorter than me. A small dude. 

Plus, he has always freaked me out just a little because this is not a shy person. To even talk to him you have to wade through a big crowd of people. I am a lot quieter. And most of all, I know his reputation with women. Sag's are the biggest womanizers of the zodiac. So it's fine with me that I am not physically attracted to him. Saves me a lot of grief I think.

One night I got invited to a party at his house. I was psyched. Something to do, and a party at Marco's is ALWAYS going to be fun. Me and my pals got there when things were already hopping. The music was blaring, people were yelling and chatting and laughing. And with Marco, you know illicit drugs are going to be involved. God knows who will be doing what in there. I just stick to beer and start getting very drunk.

When we get in he comes over and gives me a big hug, like he does everyone. He loves to be a host. He sticks around for about 5 seconds before running off to chat someone else up. 

So at one point I step outside for some air and a smoke (ha ha). And to my surprise, I see him make a beeline out of his gaggle of followers and come outside with me. I didn't know it but he's been watching me all night. Not to throw roses at myself, but I do look good. I'm wearing a short, tight skirt and a teeny little t-shirt. 

He comes outside, "Heeeey Annie (my name is Annabel but he calls me Annie--typical), Having fun??" 

He is bouncing and excited. We chat a bit. He looks at me with those intense eyes: "You look really good tonight."

I say Thanks, still not thinking anything. 

"So when everyone starts leaving tonight, why don't you stick around?" No, it's more like a command. Like, "I've decided I want to be with you tonight. My place, after hours—BE THERE." And he comes towards me and just plants a kiss on my mouth. He says "Caio" and takes off. Ha! Is he serious?

Sagittarians are called the clowns of the zodiac. They like to entertain, juggle, lead a circus parade. I don't have a clue if he is serious or not. But that kiss was nice. Soft and sexy. 

So the party goes on. I'm having a blast with my friends. There's no guys involved, for once, so we just laugh, get drunk, and hang out. 

One of my friends, Jackie, the one who invited me in fact, just asks me out of the blue,"Sooooo, Miss Annabel, what do you think of my man over there?" 

"Who, Marco?" What is going on? I finally dig it out of her. Apparently, this is all her doing. He called her up and TOLD her to bring me. This has all been a set up! She says that he has liked me for a long time. That he threw this whole shindig just so he could get me to his place. What a weasel! Both of them! 

"Sorry, but he's not my type. Too short." 

She just looks at me "You're too picky. He could be good for you."

What do you mean, "Good for me? I'm fine!" 

"Ok, yes, but don't you think you need to chill out a little? You CAN be a bit of a prude, you know." 

She thinks Marco could bring me out of my shell. Activate my latent "Leo" sensuality. I snort. That's when I tell her astrology is a bunch of crap.

But the laugh's on me, because when it comes time to go, and there's only a few people milling around, I suddenly notice that Jackie is no longer around. She has left, along with my ride! Christ. I know she did this deliberately. 

I am in the living room. I am on my way out of the room when Marco, who is lounging on the couch apparently very amused at seeing me pissed off, just casually reaches out and grabs me by the wrist. 

"Hey, hold up, hold up. I have a car. I'll get you home, I promise." Well, I guess I don't have any options. 

"Calm down. As soon as everyone leaves I'll take you home, no big deal." 

So I wait. The little weasel is still holding court, and I watch him. He is cute, I'll give him that. He's got on one of those Rasta-type knitted hats, a tank top and cargo pants. He's got a little goatee. And he may be small, but he is solid muscle. I can see every defined bicep, an awesome chest, and a completely flat stomach. 

So finally, it's just me and him. He's lying back on his couch, looking at me. He slouches down in his chair and spreads his legs so his dick is dead center, puts his hands behind his head. 

"I'm sorry you missed your ride. If you really want to go we can leave now."

I stare at him, mulling it over, then say, "Can you get me another drink?" 

"Oh sure babe, hang on." 

He comes back with something strong, lots of vodka. When he brings it over he says softly, "So you want to hang out for a little bit?" 

He has nice hands. Creamy dark skin. I know this guy is a seducer, I've heard all these stories of how many hearts he's broken, but what can I say? I am a Leo. I am flattered. I like being admired. My ego is perking up and I decide to see what he's going to do. 

"Yeah, sure. It's been a fun night." 

"Excellent. Why don't you come over here?" Gestures to the couch.

I sit down, making my tiny skirt ride up my legs. Marco leans over and puts a hand on my thigh. Just leaves it there.

"So how you doing? Did you have a nice time tonight?" 

"Sure." Like I said, I am a bit shy. I'm not going to do anything. 

"Ok, you want to have even more fun?" 

"What did you have in mind?" 

He suddenly stands up, holds out his hand. "Come here. I want to show you something." 

He takes my hand and starts leading me upstairs, takes me into his bedroom. Of course, he has a huge, four-poster bed. It's a damn lair. Dark, with candles, and a huge floor length mirror at the foot of the bed. He takes me in, leans back and positions me in front of him so we're both looking straight into the mirror. He puts his arms around my waist, nestles his head in my hair and gazes into my eyes in the mirror. Smiles. 

"You are so gorgeous."

Oh ho ho...compliments are like catnip to me. I know he's a seducer, a good one, but I don't care. Just go on. 

He pulls my hair back, kisses my neck.

"You know, I've been watching you. I see you out with your friends, how you act. I've seen you at parties. And do you know what I see?" 

"What?" 

"I see a girl who doesn't know how sexy she is." His hands feel good. He whispers in my ear, "That's why I like you." 

It is really nice looking into his eyes in the mirror. I think "This is why everyone loves him." Because he is so confident, so happy in his own skin. His eyes are letting me see myself reflected in his incredible confidence. 

"You really think I'm sexy?" Typical Leo comment! I could look like Angelina and I'd still doubt it. 

He smiles. "Yes. You are completely, adorably fuckable."

I decide to do something bold. I tell him to lie down. He puts his hands behind his head and just watches. I decide I am going to strip for him. I reach down and lift my t-shirt up over my head. I'm wearing a creamy ivory lace bra. You can see my nipples through it. I have great tits—perfectly formed, same 36C I've been since high school. I reach back and unhook my bra, take it off, and caress and play with my tits in the mirror. I like how they look. I reach down and rub my fingertips on my nipples, watching them get hard. I look from the side, admire my shoulders. I look at Marco and he is now lying on his side with his head on his elbow watching me. 

"Come here. Take off your skirt." 

He has to undo the back zipper for me. I wiggle out of it. For a brief second I hesitate them stop out of my panties, kick them aside on the floor. 

"You are awesome, babe."

I feel no self-consciousness or embarrassment. This is really fun and really liberating. He makes it seem like everyone should admire themselves naked, that it's good and healthy to be nude. 

He says, "Do you trust me?"

"Yeeeess..." 

"Then wait here and I'll be right back."

I hear him in the bathroom. What's he doing? 

He comes back in and says "Lie back." 

He gets between my legs, and suddenly I feel something cold and wet slathered all over me. It's shaving cream. Oh my god! He has a shaver and a big bowl of warm water, towels. I've never shaved myself before. 

"Relax, relax, babe." 

I let him do what he wants. He pushes me back gently, and proceeds to shave me bare, slowly and deliberately and gently. Wow. What a weird guy. He is so gentle when it comes down to it. I never would have guessed. It doesn't hurt at all. It feels good. I am just going along for the ride. When he's done, he wipes me clean with a warm towel, and starts nuzzling and kissing my thighs. 

"Mmmmmm, now you look amazing."

He starts going down on me, and I have never felt this incredible before. My lips are all naked, so fresh and clean, and he seems to love it. I can feel the scruff of his goatee between my legs, but his lips are so wonderful. I am tense, but I slowly start to relax. Jesus this guy! There are no taboos for him. He does what he wants and knows exactly what he wants. He kisses and sucks and licks my pussy making little grunting sounds. He loves it and he makes me love it. I just let go and start to feel amazing. I lie back, lift my arms up and clutch a pillow, relax into the moment. I start feeling really good, and circle and grind my hips into his mouth. As I start getting close, building up to an orgasm, my thighs start shaking uncontrollably. Wow. This is reminding me of the very first time I made myself cum. My thighs shook so much then too. I cannot believe this. I went from thinking this guy was an ass to being about to cum on his face. As I get closer and closer, he reaches up and grabs my hand with his, holds it tight. It is so sweet, so intimate, so kind. Finally I reach it and cry out, a sharp orgasm centered on his tongue on my clit. It feels so incredible. I grasp his hand with mine. 

I look down and he looks up from between my legs, smiling, his lips wet and glistening.

"Mmmmmm, I've been thinking about that ALL NIGHT." 

Fuck! He's still wearing his rasta knitted hat. He is so different from any guy I've been with! I am pretty hot. I have guys after me all the time, but most of them just want to use me. They'd have their dick out before I could do anything. But he is different. Loving, gentle, there for me. It makes me want to do the same for him. 

He's got no shirt on but he's wearing his pants. I am suddenly struck by this overwhelming desire to have his cock in my mouth. I reach up, tell him to stand up. His stomach is AMAZING. So flat, so muscled. I smile, run my hand over it. I can feel his dick. It's not huge, just like him. But I don't care. I just want to love it and caress it. I rip at his pants, pull down his black bikini briefs. His cock is half-hard, just the way I like it. I moan. I love it this way. I can get him all in my mouth and feel it grow. He puts his hands in my hair, my thick honey blond mane, and moans as I take him in.

"Oh, babe." 

He has a dark, veiny, rippled kind of cock. Not huge but just right. I lick it, kiss it, moan as I "make love" to it. I sort of forget he's there. I am REALLY enjoying this. It's like I'm making out with his dick. I make lots of sounds, sucking and tasting and licking. Usually I am more conscious of the guy, of what he's feeling. But this time I am just getting off myself on sucking him. Marco! I love your dick! He gets harder and harder, grasps my hair, gasps as I take him all the way in, deep throating him all the way. I have to stop occasionally and get my breath, then go back to his cock. 

I want him to cum in my mouth, but as he gets close he tries to pull out. I push his hands back and make a sort of sound, take him deeper in, put my hands on his ass. I want to taste his cum, it is all part of the process. It's ok. I want it. Like me, he starts to shake, his hips start pumping and suddenly he grasps my hair tightly and makes this funny kind of roar. I reach up and grab his hands, just like he did for me, and he lets go, pumping his cum into my throat. It chokes me a little, but it's ok. I swallow, let him cum and cum and cum as much as he wants. 

"Oh, fuck, babe, you are incredible."

I look up at him and smile, run my hands up his stomach, touch his pierced nipples. My own nipples are so hard. He takes each of my hands in his, pulls me up to him and kisses me deeply, sinking his hands in my hair. He keeps making these funny kind of purring sounds, a little growl deep in his throat.

I laugh and say "What is that?" 

"I don't know. It's my sound." 

He holds me and kisses me and runs his hands over my ass. "So are you glad you stayed...?" 

Yes, I am. I smile. "What do you think?" 

"Want to make the night even funner?" 

Oh Jesus, what does he have in mind? He jumps on his bed, leans over and something out of a little vial. Of course! I should have known...but why not? I never do anything like that. He smiles, leans back on a big pillow, and hands me a little pill along with my drink. 

"What is it?" 

"You don't know?"

No, I don't, why would I? \ "Just try it. It will relax you."

"Are you sure it's safe?" I am scared. I'm not the drug type. 

"You are so cute! Come on, trust me, you'll like it." 

This is just so typical of this whole night. This guy is all about pushing limits and experiencing everything. He is the least anxious person I've ever met. And maybe my friend was right, it "could be good for me." I look him in the eye, take a big swig of my drink, and down the little pill. Ok, I'm trusting you Marco...

Part II

We are lying in bed, I'm naked, he's naked, and we're just hanging out, talking. He goes on long monologues—about life, people, politics, everything. It is so easy being here. It's already so late but there is a sense we have all the time in the world. No worries, no stress at all. I feel totally at ease. He has one arm around me, he's caressing my shoulder. 

"So why did you single me out? I know you could be with any girl at this party. I know you sleep around. I've heard all about you!" 

He laughs. "Oh you have, have you? Look, I like sex. I like life. I do what I do. I don't apologize for it. I don't make promises."

"So you just wanted to fuck me, is that it?" 

He laughs, "Well yes, definitely. But that's not all. Like I said, I like you. I'm curious about you. You're the hottest girl I know who isn't all over me. You don't run around kissing my ass like everyone else." 

That makes me smile. 

"You're genuine, and I don't think you know how different that is." 

I suppose so. A guy like this attracts a following. Definitely a lot of hangers-on. And I am not that. I look at him and say seriously, "I don't know any other way to be." 

He says, "I know" and leans over and kisses me on the mouth.

This is definitely not what I expected. Talking, and being gentle with me. We're just being naked, which is way more erotic to me than instant fucking. Very nice. And ironic, because it makes me more attracted to him every second. He just has a laid back, calm acceptance of everything. We listen to music, talk, occasionally lean over and touch each other. 

After a while, I start to feel myself smiling, just grinning from ear to ear. I roll over on my side away from him and stare into the darkness of the room. Suddenly, I feel like I've got this weird secret inside me, the secret of happiness! It is so enlightening! I am full of this sense of peace and joy. If I thought he and I were "relaxed" before, now I feel like I have never known what it really is to relax ever, in my life! I feel like a Buddha, and I giggle! I'm enlightened! I'm experiencing the meaning of enlightenment! How could I never have seen it before? I laugh. It's so simple! It is this: life is there to be enjoyed, nothing more! I smile and smile and smile into the darkness, and feel kind of dumb because I don't want him to see this shit-eating grin on my face. I begin thinking of a friend of mine. She has the most amazing parents. Her parents are the only two people I have ever known in my life to be truly in love. But now I see it. I feel what it's like to be in love. I feel this joy inside me and think Wow, this is how her mom and dad must feel ALL THE TIME. To always be in love with someone! To always have this joy inside you! Life seems ridiculous without it! I just grin and grin and smile to myself with this new, amazing, secret knowledge!  

Almost from far away I hear Marco saying "Annie? Annabel? What happened to you?"

I keep smiling and smiling. He leans over, rolls me back over to him, gets up on his elbow above me. "Where are you?"

I can't help it. I just stare at him unable to stop smiling. I say "I feel like a Buddha!!!" 

"Awwwww, you really were telling the truth, weren't you!" 

What? Of course. 

"It's ecstasy...pretty awesome, right?" 

I just smile and smile and smile. Who cares? Who cares if it's a drug. I think I'm confusing the drug with Marco. Or merging them or something. It's like he's the embodiment of ecstasy himself. I say "It's so important to be in love!" 

He laughs and laughs and laughs. He hugs me to him, "Aw you are so adorable!" 

This incredible buzzing sensation is flowing through me. It's a sort of high, but feels so natural. This is what it's like to be in love, I keep thinking. What could possibly be wrong with feeling what it's like to be in love? Even if it's through a pill? 

I mean, I don't feel in love with him, per se. I just feel the state of love. And if he happens to be there, ok, then he's who I'll experience love with. 

Never ever ever have I felt something like this before. 

I am lying beneath Marco, who is now stroking my hair and face. He's saying "Hey, girl." 

I am smiling, smiling, smiling, and so is he. I have never noticed how fucking intense his eyes are! They are absolutely black, a dark, intense burning black. I'm not noticing anything else. He's smiling, but in his eyes I don't see a smile I see fire. I wonder "How can fire be so black?" If I'm seeing into his soul, it is not a calm, gentle soul. It is a wild horse. Wait a minute, he's a Sagittarius! Of course! I'm seeing into the soul of a centaur! I laugh out loud, thinking, I want to see what it's like to make love with a centaur! 
