 When I was 19, I needed a work physical for a construction job. I didn't have a regular doctor and my money was tight. But, luckily, my mother was friends with Dr. Stephanie, a general practitioner. Dr. Stephanie was at my mom's house and when my mother brought up the subject, Dr. Stephanie volunteered to do the honors.

"I'll do it!" she told my mom. "No charge!"

I was hesitant about the idea of being seen naked by one of my mom's friends, but really didn't have many options and I reluctantly agreed. 

After Dr. Stephanie left, my mom explained that it was really not a big deal. Since it was just a work physical, all I'd probably have to do is fill out some paperwork and maybe let her look in my ears and listen to my lungs. What a relief!

I wasn't attracted to Dr. Stephanie; she was a 49 year old sandy-haired blonde, a little chubby (but not bad), and she wore glasses.

It was set up for me to go in on Tuesday afternoon and be her last patient of the day. My mom sat with me in the waiting room as we waited it out. I filled out eight pages of information and a nurse took care of the preliminaries: height, weight, blood pressure. I had to pee in a cup and turn it in to the lab.

Finally, I was called to the back. Dr. Stephanie was wrapping up the paperwork for her previous patient and I was just sitting there and waiting patiently when my mom stuck her head in the door.

Dr. Stephanie started giggling. "I think Frank's a little old for you to be in the exam room! Just wait out front, it won't take long."

Then Dr. Stephanie told me, "Okay, take off your shirt and t-shirt," as she washed her hands. 

I did and she grabbed a stethoscope and listened to my breathing. She checked my eyes, ears, and throat. Then she told me to lie down and relax. Once I was lying down, she started palpating my stomach and asking if I was having any pain. I told her I was fine and she told me to stand up.

"I need you to take off your pants and sit down," she said. I hesitated and she said, "Come on, don't be shy."

I took my pants off and sat there in my black boxer briefs and socks. She checked my reflexes and my knee surgery scar. I thought I was done.

"Now, I need you to drop your drawers," she said.

"Is that really necessary?" I asked.

I know I must have had that deer-in-the-headlights look because she said, "It's okay, Frank. Don't be nervous. Just take your underwear off and it'll all be over soon, I promise."

Reluctantly, I slid my shorts off and tossed them onto the chair with the rest of my clothes. I felt very self conscious about the way my junk was swaying in front of her. She pulled up a rolling stool and sat down right in front of me.

"Don't you need latex gloves for that?" I asked.

"I have small hands and the gloves just get in the way."

She grasped my penis and started checking out the opening. I'd remained limp up until then, mostly due to intimidation I'm sure, but I began to stiffen immediately. 

"Uh, long as you're down there, uh...is every thing, uh, okay down there?" I asked.

She looked up at me with a puzzled expression. Then it was like a light bulb came on: "Oh, I get it! You want to know about the size of your penis, right?" and she giggled. "You're average length, no worries. But," and she smiled broadly, "it's really nice and fat. Girls like that, trust me." 

Then she started rolling my testicles in her fingers and checking for lumps. By then I had a raging hard-on. She put on a pair of latex gloves and grabbed a tube of lubricant.

"Okay, now it's time for the bad part. I need you to bend over the table, Frank."

The prostate exam probably lasted much less than it felt like. It was extremely painful. When she finally took out her finger, my hard-on was completely gone. This did not escape her notice.

"Did that hurt?" and she took off her gloves.

"Oh, yeah," I said. "It was rough."

"Sorry about that. I notice that you wilted," and giggled. She sat down on the stool and took a tissue and wiped away some pre-cum that had accumulated on the tip of my penis.

She placed her left hand on my right hip and gently rubbed her right hand up and down my inner thigh close to my scrotum. My penis began to stiffen halfway and it was pointing to one side.

"Have you had sex before, Frank?" she asked.

I said I had.

"Then you know how good it can feel," she said.

Then she got up, told me to get dressed, and left the room.

A few days later, Friday, Dr. Stephanie invited my mom and I to spend the night at her house. She'd done that many times before, but most of the time I would pass on the invitation. We were in the kitchen and when my mom's back was turned, Dr. Stephanie came over to me and told me, "I hope you come, too," and she put her right hand between my legs and began to rub her hand back and forth along my rapidly-hardening penis.

Needless to say, we were at her house that afternoon. I ended up watching TV while she and my mom were drinking wine and talking. Eventually, we all split up and went to our rooms. My mom had enough wine that she was out like a light pretty quickly. 

I was wearing a pair of sweat pants and getting ready to get in bed when Dr. Stephanie came in the room. She was wearing a lacy pink baby doll nightgown and nothing under it.

"Hope I'm not bothering you, Frank," she said. She smiled shyly and said, "You like? I bought it today just for you." She walked up to me and we kissed. Then she lowered my sweat pants and kissed my penis. Once my pants were off, she began to go down on me. She had her left hand at the base of my penis and used her right to stroke me while she concentrated on the head. Then she took my whole penis into her mouth. After a good bit of deep throat action, she stood up and we kissed again and she took off her night gown.

She had C-cup breasts that sagged a little and she had big dark brown nipples. Her bush was neatly trimmed into a small dark triangle.

She pushed me onto the bed and she climbed on top of me. She whispered, "I need some dick," and reached down and inserted my penis into her vagina and began to slowly ride me up and down. It was a tight fit. She was trying to keep quiet, but it wasn't long before she was screaming and thrashing around. I'd never been with a screamer before and I had no idea how much fun it could be. When I came, it felt like pure ecstasy. When I pulled out, she wiped me off and very slowly and lovingly gave me some after-sex oral.

Later, we were lying there and she told me she hadn't been with a man since her divorce ten years before. She told me she liked me and that even though she was a lot older than me, she had begun to feel an attraction to me a couple of months ago. Eventually, she went to her room to spend the rest of the night.  

The next morning, she came in and led me to her room and we sneaked off down the hall stark naked. We took a shower together. She kneeled and went down on me with a lot of enthusiasm. Then she stood up and I started sucking on those big brown nipples. Then I bent her over and took her from behind. 

Later, at breakfast, my mom was there with us. She had no clue what went on while she was out of it the night before. Dr. Stephanie was the only one not dressed; she was wearing a fancy robe. We talked and if you didn't know better, you'd never know that she and I had a lot of sex in the last few hours. At one point, when my mom wasn't looking, Dr. Stephanie opened her robe and flashed her naked body at me then closed the robe quickly.

The next time she flashed me, I was ready. I reached out and tweaked a nipple. She yelped and closed her robe. My mom asked what was wrong.

Dr. Stephanie's face turned red. "Nothing! Nothing! I, uh, stubbed my toe!"

As we were leaving, Dr. Stephanie and I were alone for a moment. She kissed me and rubbed her hand across the bulge of my penis in my pants and told me, "I hope I get to see you again soon."

Oh, yeah...