 This story is written for exhibitionist4m - kiss.

Rick was excited to say the least. He couldn't believe he was finally getting to have dinner with Lauren. Dressed in his best suit (gray combo with dark purple suspenders and an elegant tie), he pulled in front of the hotel and looked again for the piece of paper with Lauren's room number on it. Freshly showered and shaved, he had to keep himself from running into the hotel and racing up the stairs to her fifth floor room.

As Rick waited for the elevator, he thought about how crazy the past few months had been. He and Lauren had met so randomly but soon found out that they had so much in common. Her sense of humor and wonderful personality always seemed to make him laugh and ease his worries and her sexy bod seemed to put him into a perpetual state of turgidness! Finally, after what seemed like months waiting, the elevator arrived and he went upstairs. Nervously, he walked down the hallway to the correct room and knocked on the door, trying to pose in a "I'm turned on but also nonchalant" way.

Lauren opened the door.

Every witty remark, every scrap of conversation and intelligence flew out of Rick's head as he gazed at Lauren, her beauty emanating from the inside out. She smiled at him, catching his gaze and time froze. In that one second, she was etched on his memory forever - her gorgeous long hair, the stunning dress that showed off her body yet left him wanting more, her kissable face and lips. Rick blushed as he realized that suddenly his pants were feeling a bit tight. Time unfroze and the two began to talk and ask how each other's day had been.

As they shared their thoughts, they flirted with each other in the doorway to their room - a touch of hand upon hand, a slight lift of the dress, a caress to her back. Finally, Lauren announced, "Rick, I hate to interrupt, but I am soooo hungry!" Rick apologized for forgetting all about their dinner plans and offered his arm to her to escort her to the hotel restaurant.

"No, Rick," Lauren said with a glint in her eye and a wicked smile. "I'm hungry....for you!" And with that she grabbed him by the arm and brought him into the hotel room. Before Rick knew it, he was in a passionate embrace with his lover, their lips drawn to each other like magnets. Their first kiss, but not their last, like teenagers they made out as they fell onto the bed. Suddenly, dinner plans didn't seem so pressing.

As they moved against each other, Rick felt Lauren's hand at his pants, unbuttoning and unzipping. Lauren laughed when she saw his boxers ("Kiss me, I'm Irish" with a hole for the cock to poke through) and he smiled at making her laugh. His smile turned into a groan, however, as she touched his shaft and his cock came to attention smartly. "Ohhhh, Lauren," he moaned as his hips rose to meet her warm hand. She began to speed up her strokes when he stopped her hand with his own and whispered, "No, before I cum, I want to do something that I have been waiting so long to do with you."

Intrigued, Lauren stopped and waited to see what Rick had on his mind (though secretly she guessed right on the money). Rick laid her down and lifted her dress up, a shiver going up his spine as he realized that she wasn't wearing any panties!!! Entranced by her recently shaved pussy, he had to force himself to break his gaze and wink at her as he lowered his face into her crotch.

Now it was his turn to tease and please. His long, wet tongue licked slowly along the outline of her pussy, paying special attention to Lauren's inner thighs. Spreading her legs a bit, he then took in a deep breath and blew warm air on her slit and clit...gently stroking her sensitive skin with his breath. He moved even closer and rested the tip of his tongue on her clitoris and then dragggggggggggged his tongue slowly down her slit. Lauren groaned and played with Rick's buzz-cut hair as she felt her senses open up and her juices flow.

Rick continued his long lick until finally he had reached her cute puckered anus. He let his tongue tease those wrinkles and then moved back up to encircle her swollen clit with his warm lips. Lauren gasped and shivered as she felt two fingers slide slowly into her pussy and a pinky dangle down to tease her rear hole. Kissing her clit, Rick let his tongue tease around her clit, leaving secret erotic messages in hieroglyphs and sacred symbols. Lauren's hips rose to meet his tongue and he began to lap a bit more, his speed increasing, his fingers thrusting a bit more.

"Ohhhhhhh, yessss," moaned Lauren as her lover spent so much time tasting her tender folds, drinking from her aching pussy. She had waited so long for this and she couldn't stand it anymore! She needed him - NOW! Lauren lifted Rick up for a kiss and then skillfully slid his hot shaft into her waiting pussy. And just like that, they were connected.

Now they kissed, and moved, and pressed close to one another. Now they whispered how wonderful and beautiful the other was. Now they caressed every inch of each other's bodies, while his cock caressed her pussy from the inside. Now they moved in tandem, slow then fast then slow again, smiles on their lips as they kissed and moaned and began to fuck in earnest.

"Uhhhh...Lauren," Rick called out as his speed increased and he began to lose control. "I can't hold on any more, I'm going to cum inside you. Cum with me." Was it the right angle of his cock? Was it the sight and scent of each other in that steamy, sultry room? Was it the words both spoken and un-spoken? Afterwards, neither one was able to tell and truthfully neither one cared. For at that moment in time, Rick felt Lauren's pussy spasm around his cumming cock and knew that she had experienced her first orgasm. It wasn't senses-shattering or like being struck by lightning, but it was goooooooood. Lauren felt like the weight of the world had suddenly dissipated and that now she could float among the clouds at will.

For the longest time they lay like that - bodies intertwined and his semi-soft member pressed against her slick slit, whispering words of both light and deep thoughts. They might have even slept the night away like that if Rick hadn't had felt Lauren's hand on his cock and whispered, "Let's order room service...in about an hour."

Their night had just begun.

All comments and critiques welcome.