 When I was in college, I was in a fraternity, and my fraternity had a group of women that hung around and helped us that were called our "Little Sisters". Theoretically, we were supposed to treat these girls as if they were our sisters, but if that was the case, then there was a lot of incest going on between the brothers and the sisters. There was one little sister (I'll call her Nancy), that I always had a crush on. She had beautiful blue eyes, blonde hair, and an ass to die for, which more than made up for her small tits. 

The problem was that she was the girlfriend of one of my best friends in the fraternity, so I never put the moves on her. However, whenever we had dances, she inevitably asked me to dance because her boyfriend never wanted to dance, and during these dances she would always rub her ass and pussy on my semi-hard cock. She knew the effect that she had on me as she would always give me a sly little smile and/or a wink.

We all graduated from college, and Nancy actually married my buddy, and they moved back to our hometown. I would see them occasionally at weddings and other gatherings, and Nancy continued her pattern of dancing with me and rubbing up against my swollen cock, but I never pursued it any further and just wrote it off to harmless flirtation. 

That all changed a few months ago. Another one of our fraternity brothers was having a big party for his 30th birthday and invited most of our fraternity brothers to attend. The party was being held in the town where I live, and in fact less than 5 miles from my house. Nancy and her husband got a room in a hotel just down the street from where I lived.

At the party, there was the typical drinking and socializing, lots of hugs and kisses and reminiscing about our college days. It wasn't too long before the band was playing and everyone started dancing. Nancy grabbed my hand and pulled me out onto the dance floor while her husband was at the bar drinking another beer. I have to say at this point, I had already drank my limit of beers and was feeling damn horny as it had been a couple months since I'd last gotten laid. 

After several fast songs, the band started playing a slow song and I was ready to leave the dance floor. As I turned to walk away, Nancy grabbed my hand and pulled me toward her. I asked her if she wouldn't rather dance with her husband, and she said "no, he's outside smoking a cigar with some of the other guys". At that point, I saw no reason to say no to this lovely woman as we had danced many times in the past.

As soon as the song began, Nancy starting grinding her pelvis into my stiffening cock. Her hands were stroking my hair and my jaw line, and I was initially at a loss for what to do; however, the beer and my blueballs took control of my thought process, and I reached down and stroked her lovely ass and pulled her tighter against my now fully engorged dick. 

Nancy looked up at me with those big blue eyes, and leaned close to whisper in my ear: "why haven't you done this sooner" was what she said and then nibbled on my ear. 

When the song ended, I suggested we go to the bar so as not to make a spectacle of ourselves in a room full of people who knew us. When we got to the bar, Nancy told me that her husband was getting up very early to go to a football game the next morning, and that we should meet for breakfast. Before I could reply, her husband walked back in, and we starting chatting as if nothing had happened.

When I went home that night, I couldn't stop thinking about Nancy and how wonderful it felt to hold her in my arms. I was hoping against hope that she would call me as I didn't have the number of her hotel. After a restless night of sleep, my phone rang and it was Nancy on the line. She told me that Don had just left for the game, and that I should come pick her up for some breakfast since I was familiar with the area. 

She gave me her room number, and I told her I'd be there within 30 minutes. When I got to the door, I was wondering if things would be as they normally were, or if "something" was going to happen between Nancy and me. It didn't take long before I got my answer because when she answered the door, Nancy was standing in front of me completely naked.

My jaw dropped to the floor, but my prick rose to attention immediately. I stepped through the door, and Nancy pulled me to her and kissed me deeply as I ran my hands over her nude flesh. She shivered and moaned softly at my touch, and pulled me toward the bed as we continued to kiss. She was stroking my chest with one hand while her other hand grasped my swollen member over my jeans. 

She knelt down in front of me, undid my pants, and pulled my rock hard cock into her soft hands. "Mmm, it's so big" she said and she began playing with my 9" dick. With that, she sucked the head into her mouth as she began fondling my balls. Before I knew it, she had engulfed my entire cock and I could feel my head pressing against the back of her throat. She was a real pro, slurping and sucking on my dick until I felt as though I was going to pass out. I could feel my balls tightening and told her I was about to cum, but she just looked up at me, gave me a quick wink and continued sucking as I shot my hot load into her mouth, over her tongue, and down her throat. She swallowed every drop, and then licked her lips as she continued to stroke my cock.

I laid her down on the bed and began kissing her, our tongues playfully dancing in each other's mouths. I began moving down her body, licking her neck, then down her chest to her small breasts. Although her tits were small (34A) she had unusually large and sensitive nipples that were rock hard by the time I sucked them into my mouth. As I was sucking on her tits, my right hand found its way across her downy soft mound and stroked the length of her dripping wet slit. 

I softly stroked her clit, and she moaned and bucked her hips 'til my finger slid inside of her warm pussy. First one finger, then two, and then three were thrusting in and out of her gash as my thumb pressed and rubbed her clit, and I could feel her building toward an orgasm. I slid my way down her body and sucked her clit into my mouth as I continued finger fucking her drenched pussy. She came hard and pulled my head against her pussy as her juices drenched my face. I lapped up every delicious drop of her lust liquid.

By now, my dick was rock hard again as it hadn't been used in such a long time. Nancy told me she had dreamed of feeling me inside of her, so I spread her legs and slid my throbbing manhood into her moist, tight, box. Although Nancy has had two kids, her pussy was still very tight and I could feel her muscles tightening and relaxing around my cock as I slid it to its full depth within her. 

I held her legs spread wide as I began pumping my meat into her, increasing the speed with each thrust. She was meeting each of my thrusts with a corresponding upward thrust from her hips that drove my cock ever deeper. Her breath was coming faster, and I could feel her muscles tighten around my shaft as she had her second orgasm, but that didn't slow her down in the least. 

She started screaming "FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARDER!" but I could only get so deep in the missionary position, so I turned her over and entered her from behind.

I was looking down at the sweet ass that I had dreamed about for more than 10 years as I grabbed her hips and drove my cock home with a single thrust. 

She screamed out "Yes, that's it" as I began pistoning deeper than ever into her pussy. 

I could feel my orgasm building just as she began to cum again, and I thrust one final time, loosing another torrent of cum into her pussy. I fell across her back in exhaustion and sheer pleasure, and my cock slipped out of her snatch with a "plop". Our sweaty bodies were tangled together and we were breathing hard as we began kissing, softly at first, and then with more urgency.

She was stroking my cock back to life when she leaned in and told me "I want your shaft in my virgin ass". 

She told me she had a crush on me since college, but also loved her husband. She told me that she had always hoped we'd get together some day so she "saved" her ass just for me. 

She reached over into the nightstand and grabbed a tube of K-Y Jelly and lubed up my now rigid cock, and squeezed some onto my hand so that I could apply it around and in her ass. As this was going to be her first time, she wanted to be in control. She stood above me as I lay on my back, and she faced away from me as she slowly lowered her tight sphincter onto my rod. 

It was difficult at first to get the head in, but once she swallowed it (with a bit of a gasp) she slid the rest of it in with little difficulty. Slowly she began to rise and fall on my dick as I held that gorgeous ass in my hands, helping guide her up and down. She began to pick up the pace and I fingered her clit and within a few minutes she came again, her juices running down onto my balls, but she kept going. 

I could feel my orgasm building and I told her I was about to cum, she hopped off my cock and told me she wanted to see me cum. A shot a huge load of jism across her face, her lips, her chin, and her chest, as she rubbed it into her skin. She took my cock into her mouth and sucked me clean.

We lay in each other's arms for a while, but she said she had to get home to pick up the kids from her in-laws. On the way out, I gave her one last kiss, and squeezed that wonderful ass one last time. We chat online now and again, and we're looking forward to the next 30th b-day party of our friends since we're all the same age, there are at least another 6 or 7 parties scheduled for during the rest of this year.