 I couldn't help but think of you. After all, here I was, away for the weekend, laying in my brother-in-law's bed with my wife. As soon as I laid down, I knew I was going to have a wild encounter. And I knew I would think of you right from the first kiss.

I leaned over and kissed my wife. But in my mind it was your mouth my lips touched. The first kiss was a soft one. An invitational kiss. But it was followed by a more passionate kiss. Our mouths parted and my tongue slid inside her mouth, feeling her warm, moist tongue on mine. 

Our bodies pressed together as we continued to kiss, my hands slowly caressing her back, moving down to her ass. I squeezed on her ass cheeks, pulling her tight to my hardening cock. All I could think of was what it would be like to be in your bed with you, our mouths pressed together in passion, my hands pulling at your ass, you feeling my hard tool pressed against your belly.

I pulled my mouth away from hers and began to kiss her neck, thinking of your neck. My tongue would dart out and slide across her skin, and I wondered what your skin tasted like. I continued to move, my one hand now cupping her breast, pulling at her nipple. Soon my mouth reached her tit and I took the nipple between my lips, biting it softly, sucking it into my mouth. I thought of your description of your breasts and I pictured your nipple in my mouth. I thought of how you would breathe as I sucked your tits. I imagined your hands on my head, your fingers running through my hair as I pulled and bit your erect nipples.

I heard her moan, and wondered what your voice sounds like. Do you moan while making love? Do you scream as you are about to climax? Do you talk dirty while having sex? I continued to suck on her nipple, my hand cupping her other breast, pulling on her nipple. My other hand slowly moved down her body, across her belly and between her legs.

She was so wet. My thoughts were on you. I imagined my fingers sliding between your legs. Do you get really wet? Are you wet now? I thought of what it would be like to slide a finger inside of you. Then a second. My fingers moved easily inside of her pussy as I switched my mouth to her other breast. Her breathing was so heavy now. She was so turned on. But I wanted it to be you. In my mind, I was on your bed, sucking on your tits, fingering your pussy.

finally I pulled away from her tits and began my descent down to her mound. My tongue slid across her soft skin, across her belly. I kissed her belly button before continuing down to her midsection. My hands reached up and continued to caress her nipples as I slowly made my way between her legs. She parted them quickly, beckoning me to bring my mouth to her wetness, but I slowed my pace. My hot breath brushed across her pussy and I could smell her sweet aroma. I imagined your pussy so close to my mouth. I wanted to taste you.

My tongue brushed across her pussy lips and I tasted her sweet juices. I craved you. All I pictured was going down on you. My tongue lapping your juices as your hands played with my hair. I heard another moan and knew that she was experiencing deep pleasure at this oral delight, but it was yours. I was giving it to you.

I took my time enjoying her (your) pussy. I wanted as much of her (you) as I could get. I was now lost in the passion of an intense sexual experience with you. My mouth covered your trimmed mound, my lips pressed against your wet pussy lips, my tongue darting in and out of your cunt. I moved one hand to your pussy and slide a finger past my mouth and inside of you. I begin to rub your clit as my tongue continued it's assualt on your lovenest. You began to buck your body, pulling yourself tighter to my mouth, my fingers rubbing and pumping in random.

"Oh god!" You groaned, as I took control of you. I slowed down and begin to softly kiss your soaking wet mound. Finally I stopped and turned you over so that you were on all fours. My face was still down at your legs, and now your ass and pussy were facing me. I kissed your cunt again, then began to lick your anus. You groaned as my tongue darted into your tight hole, my fingers moving to continue to fuck your pussy.

I wanted you so bad. I needed to be inside of you. I brought my body up so that I was on my knees behind you, my very hard, stiff cock right at your opening. My hands moved gently across your back as I prepared to enter you for the first time. I closed my eyes, wanting to focus completely on the feeling of my cock sliding inside of your incredible pussy. 

I felt the head of my penis come in contact with your moistness. For a second we both stopped breathing, then we gasped together as I moved forward, my cock slowly entering your body. You were so wet that I easily slid inside of you. I fell forward and kissed your back, not wanting to move as I twitched inside of your incredible body.

Finally I raised myself straight and took a hold of your hips. I began to pump, slowly at first, then increasing my rythym. You matched me, pumping backwards with each of my thrusts. We fucked hard, intense, passionately.

I could feel myself getting close, and I didn't want to cum just yet, so I slowed our pace, until I stopped pumping altogether. I waited a second, enjoying how tight you were wrapped around my tool, and then I pulled out.

You (she) quickly turned around and knelt in front of me. Our lips met again and we kissed hungrily. You (She) pulled away and began to kiss my chest, moving down to one of my nipples. NOthing turns me on more like having my nipples sucked and bitten, and you (she) did just that. I groaned as she pulled on them, her hands reached down and took grabbed my hard tool while her mouth focues on my nipples. 

She pushed me backwards, and I fell onto the bed. Without pausing, she brought her mouth down to my hard cock, still wet with her juices, and began to run her tongue up and down the shaft. She moved to my shaved balls and sucked them into her mouth. I groaned at the mixture of pleasure and pain, as she sucked on them hard, her hand pumping my tool.

I looked down and saw you. Your eyes twinkled as you brought you mouth back up to my cock. Our eyes locked together and I watched your tongue slowly move across the head of my tool, my cock jumping at the sensation. You took me into your mouth, the first quarter of my 8 inch cock disappearing into your face. My hands went to you hair, assisting your head as it bobed up and down on my cock. It felt so good. It felt so intense.

It wasn't long before I felt my climax close. But I wanted my first orgasm to be inside of your pussy. I pulled your mouth off my tool and brought you up my body. You sat down on my cock and it easily slide inside your very wet pussy. My hands reached for your breasts as you began to ride up and down on my shaft.

Your fingers went to your cunt, and I watched as you rubbed yourself while riding me. It was so amazing to see you let go so much. You pumped harder and harder, your eyes closed and I watched the pleasure on your face.

Finally I could take it no more. I felt my cock begin to swell, and I knew that I was about to explode inside of you. I grunted, and then tilted my head back as my cum exploded inside your body. As soon as the warm liquid hit your insides, your pussy tightened around my shaft and you began an intense orgasm. You bit your lip in order to stay quiet, but still a soft groan escaped.

She collapsed down on top of me and we rested. All I could think about was you. You are my fantasy. My desire. My dream. I want you. I want to experience you. I crave ... you.