 Do you remember the day that changed your life? I do.

It was a cold, dry day in March. A bitter northerly wind was blowing strong - just the sort of day to snuggle up warm in the house and not venture out to the gym. A year, or even six months before, this is exactly what I would have done. But here I was, just out of the gym and walking back to my flat.

I heard running feet down a side street. Did I know that the sound heralded a major fork in my life? Of course not. I saw a young chap in his twenties running hard. Five men were following him and they got hold of him a good hundred yards from me. A quick punch and the young man was lying on the ground. Two guys picked him up and a third punched him hard in the stomach and he sagged. One of the guys ran past me - judging from the car keys he was twirling round his fingers, he was getting a car. Was this a kidnap attempt? I thought it was more than that. There was a certain viciousness in the way they were attacking the young man.

I should have kept my head down and quietly called the police on my mobile phone. But I knew that the police would not be able to arrive in time. By the time I finished my call, the men would have bundled the victim into their car and vanished. So I did something stupid. 

I shouted out, "Hey! What's going on?"

The men ignored me after a quick look. I ran up to the guys and asked again, "What's going on here?"

The leader of the gang nodded his head and two of them broke away and came up to me. "Beat it!" growled one of them. The accent was not English. Odd, what one's mind picks up when it should have been concentrating on getting me out of there.

I had signed up with a personal trainer about five months ago while getting over a nasty breakup with my ex. Three months into my training, I discovered that he was a specialist in street fighting - don't ask! He had taught me a few tricks - the simplest: concentrate on their eyes, not on their hands.

Pretty soon the two gangsters were on the ground writhing with pain and I launched myself on the leader. He appeared to be a better fighter than the two I had just dispatched, but he was taken completely by surprise. I broke his arm before he could react.

I glared at the last guy and he just dropped the young man's hand and ran. The young man was pretty poorly but managed to stagger away with me until we came to a BMW M5. He stopped, fished out the keys from his pocket and handed them to me. I unlocked the car, bundled him inside it and ran around to the driver's side before burning rubber.

I just drove away without any thought of a destination. After a few minutes of random driving, I looked at the young man whose car I was driving. He saw me looking at him and smiled through his pain.

"Thanks!" he said.

"No problem," I replied as if dealing with violent gangsters was a daily occurrence for me.

"Do you want to go to a hospital?" I asked.

"No," he replied, "Nothing seems to be broken. Just take me home."

He gave me an address, not too far from where we had started. He patted his pockets and then turned to me, "Do you have a mobile? I've lost mine."

I gave him my mobile and he dialled somebody. When the phone was answered, he said something in a foreign tongue. The conversation carried on, with the party on the other side getting more and more excited - as I could hear.

He finally ended the conversation and turned to me.

"Can you drive around for about ten or fifteen minutes before reaching my place?"

"Sure, no problem," I said.

"My dad is sending some people round to make sure it is safe," he explained.

We reached his place about twenty minutes later. We had introduced ourselves by then. He was Johann, a 21 year old student at the LSE. I didn't live at such posh digs while I was a student, but then, I didn't drive a Beemer either. I had already told him that I had to go as soon as I dropped him because I was late for something else. As soon as we stopped, two guys came out a blacked-out Range Rover and Johann said, "Those are my dad's guys. Thanks again, very much. It would have been pretty bad if you hadn't turned up."

"No problem," I said again and we both got out of the car. 

The two guys coming towards us looked pretty dangerous and I wondered who his dad was. I didn't say anything, however. I just shook hands with Johann and walked away.

A week went by and I slowly forgot the adventure. I worked out the last week of my notice period. I was looking forward to a break and doing up my flat before looking for a new contract. Did I tell you what I do for a living? I am a software engineer. Not the best programmer in the world, but I could design systems quite well and enjoyed talking to users, so I was never short of work or money (as long as I wasn't too extravagant!)

The mobile phone rang and the display said, "Private Number". I hate that - its mostly cold calling sales people who hide their Caller IDs.

"Hello," I said brusquely.

"Mike?" asked a voice I didn't recognize.

"Yes, who's that?"

"It's me, Johann. The guy you rescued."

"Hi!" I said, my voice warming with recognition. "How are you now?"

"Very well, thanks to you. Mike, I know it is short notice, but can you join my family for lunch on Sunday? My folks want to meet you."

I almost refused, but then I thought, "What the hell? I am not doing anything particularly important."

"That's very good of you, Johann. Are you sure you want me to come along? You don't have to invite me, you know."

"Oh! but I do want to invite you. Please come along." 

"OK, what time and where?"

He gave me the address and hung up. It was in a Surrey village. I'd been meaning to get sat-nav fitted to my car for a while, and I decided this would be a good opportunity to try it out.

Sunday rolled along and I drove down to Headcombe. I didn't know what to expect, but Johann had mentioned 'folks', so I got a bunch of flowers for his mum and arrived just before noon. The sat-nav had worked perfectly. The weather was glorious, as only a bright Spring day in England can be. The grass was green, the daffodils were out, the birds were chirping and my heart slowly sloughed off the dreariness of winter. I had broken off with my girl friend of three years in November - no, let's be honest. She had dumped me and I later found out that she had slept with my best friend. I had thrown myself into work and spent my spare time at the gym, ignoring all my friends. I didn't have a family as I was an only child and my parents had passed away several years earlier. The Christmas just past was the loneliest since my parents had passed away.

Time heals all wounds, they say. I don't know about that but it had definitely dulled the pain and now the glorious weather, the wonders of technology and the prospect of meeting some new people was lifting my spirits up.

I followed the dulcet tones of the sat-nav guide and drove up to the entrance of Johann's parents house and gulped in disbelief. I couldn't see the house but the driveway curved off into the distance. There was a wrought iron gate, shut, and the walls round the garden seemed to cover a lot of area. I rolled down the window of my car and pressed a button on a pillar by the gate. A voice squawked out, I identified myself and the gates opened. The gravel drive was neatly swept and lawn was perfectly groomed. Trees dotted the landscape and I could see a pond in the distance. The house was an old pile with turrets and classical pillars. A young man guided me to the old stables which was now a car park. Johann's M5 was already there and I parked my car next to it. I grabbed the flowers and walked back to the house.

The door opened before I could knock and another young man in a dark suit stood before me. He was muscled and gave me a quick once-over with his eyes. He smiled and I noticed that the smile did not touch his eyes. 

He said, "The family is in the Sun Room, sir. Please follow me."

I again wondered who Johann was.

As soon as I walked into the Sun room, which was basically a huge conservatory, Johann came smiling to me. He seemed to have recovered well, though there was still a faint bruise on his right cheek.

"Welcome, Mike!"

"Thanks," I said.

Behind him came an older man. I could tell that he was Johann's father - the family resemblance was clear. He didn't stop at shaking my hand. He hugged me tight before letting go of me.

"Thank you for saving my son, Mike. I am Aleksander."

"No problem, sir. I did what anybody would have done," I said deprecatingly.

"No. Very few people would have helped a stranger and put themselves in danger. I am really glad you were around to help Johann."

I was embarassed and didn't say anything. Aleksander's accent was strongly East European but his diction was precise. Behind him came an elegant woman in her late forties and I handed her the flowers. She smiled at me and she leaned forward and kissed me on the cheek. "My mum," said Johann, proudly. 

"And this is my sister, Chellie," he said, presenting the most beautiful girl I had every seen. 

She was about five and a half feet in height. Slim, a curvy bust and a glorious honey coloured complexion and dark hair. Her lips were perfect, not too fat, not too thin and as she smiled, her cheeks dimpled slightly. I stammered in front of this goddess before being led to a chair by Johann.

I don't remember much of the lunch except that it was very good. A friendly banter showed the family's closeness. I was tongue-tied, sitting next to Chellie.

After lunch, Aleksander stood up and turned to me. "Mike, I want to take a walk. Please come with me."

I looked at Johann but he just smiled encouragingly. I got the impression that Aleksander's requests were really orders.

I left the room with Aleksander. We walked out into the garden and I could see a couple of bodyguards discreetly tailing us.

"Do you know who I am?" asked Alexksander. 

I shook my head. "No. I was wondering," I said vaguely gesturing at the property.

"Your government thinks I am part of the Mafia."

I nodded. Suddenly, a lot of things started making sense. 

"What are you doing now?" he asked.

"Nothing," I replied.

"Do you want to work for me?"

I wondered what I had got myself into.Before I could reply, he raised his hand.

"You saved my son's life. I will not get you into any danger or trouble. I have a completely legitimate software company. It has just six employees at the moment but I want to grow it. I've asked them to produce a simple system to send out invoices for my shipping company and in six months they've done nothing. I just got rid of the top guy there and I want you to take over."

"Why don't you just buy a package?" I asked.

"No, I want the people in the company to learn how to develop software. The product is important but secondary."

"Oh! And this is completely legal?"

"I swear on Johann's head," he said earnestly. "This has no connection to any of my other businesses except the shipping company and that is completely above board as well." 

"I'll have to think about it," I said.

Two weeks later I was at a smart address near Soho in London, ringing the bell for JCSoft. I was buzzed in and walked into a reception area. A stunning young woman came out and shook my hand. She wasn't very tall but she was wearing very high stilettos, a short, tight black skirt that came to mid-thigh and a white silk shirt with the top two buttons undone, showing the frilly edge of a white bra. She was atleast a C-cup, I thought, determined to keep my eyes on her face. Her fingers were dainty and she had red nail polish which matched her lipstick.

"Welcome Sir. I am Ann."

"Thank you," I replied.

She led me inside and I couldn't stop staring at her ass. Her legs were encased in sheer nylon and I wondered if she was wearing pantyhose or stockings. I couldn't make out a panty line.

Aleksander had convinced me to come and take a look at the office before deciding. Ann was doing a good job of convincing me just by walking in front of me.

She led me into an office and Aleksander was waiting for me. He came forward with a smile and hugged me.

"Welcome Mikey. Thanks for coming over."

"My pleasure," I replied. 

The salary he was offering me was obscene and was no doubt a payment for helping his son.

"This will be your office," he said gesturing round the room.

It was massive. It had a big table with a PC, two monitors and a telephone. The room had a small circular table with four chairs for meetings. The room also had book shelves and enough room to swing a golf club. One whole side was a glass wall but venetian blinds obscured the view outside.

"Ann will be your assistant. Whatever you need, just ask her."

I could think of a few things I needed from Ann, but they were probably illegal. When I looked at her, she smiled at me as if she knew what I was thinking.

"Get the others in," Aleksander told Ann.

Ann disappeared and came back in with five other young and lovely women. They were all wearing skirts, except one who was wearing trousers.

Aleksander's face darkened as he saw the girls. He growled something and the girl wearing the trouser suit jumped. He said something else and the girl looked desperately unhappy. Aleksander said something else and made her look up. She nodded in agreement, though she didn't look very happy about it. 

He turned to me and said, "Have a look round. Ann will help you with anything you need. I'll talk to you later."

I nodded and he left. I was left alone with six lovely young girls. All the girls appeared to be in their early twenties. They all had C or D cup breasts which presented themselves very invitingly through tight shirts and blouses. Ann was the shortest and so was her skirt.

They all came forward and introduced themselves.

"Ellie"

"Natalie"

"Julia" - she was the only brunette in the group.

"Steffie" - wearing trousers.

"Jo"

I asked them what they were working on and what their skills were. The discussion took off and it was over an hour later that the girls all trooped out. Ann had slipped out earlier and she came in after the girls left. She was carrying a cup of tea. I sank into my chair and thanked Ann for the tea.

"No problem, sir. I'm here to please you." 

"Call me Mike," I said. 

I couldn't believe I would have my own personal assistant and that she was this beautiful girl. I sipped my tea and pondered. Finally, I decided to be bold. After all, Aleksander had been pretty harsh with Steffie, though I didn't know why.

"Ann, what do you mean by 'please me'?"

"Anything si.. Mike! Mr. Aleksander says you are our boss and I have to do whatever you say." 

"Whatever? What if I asked you to take off your shirt?" I asked very nervously.

"I would take it off," she replied seriously.

I sipped my tea again as my cock hardened uncomfortably in my pants. The very idea that this girl would bare herself if I asked was ridiculous.

"Shall I?" she asked.

"What?" I asked puzzled.

"Take off my shirt."

My mouth was suddenly dry, inspite of the tea I was drinking. I just nodded mutely. Ann smiled. She slowly pulled her shirt out of her skirt. She then started unbuttoning from the bottom. Soon I could see her taut stomach. Her waist narrowed above her hips. Ann knew how to tease a man. She undid the final button and the shirt fell open revealing a strip of skin from her neck to her waist. Her breasts were encased in a frilly bra and their swell looked delicious. She swayed slowly at the hips and pushed the shirt wide open.

My hands started shaking and I put the cup of tea on the table to stop spilling it. The bulge in my pants was painful.

Ann slowly took off the shirt and stood in front of me. 

"Is there anything else you want me to do, Mike?" she asked.

I shook my head mutely. Ann laughed and came up to me and sat in my lap facing away from me.

"Don't be shy, Mike. I'm your assistant and completely at your command. Tell me what you want."

My hands were cold with nervousness. I reached out slowly and put one hand on her waist. When Ann didn't say anything, I became bolder. I put my other hand on the other side of her narrow waist and slowly ran my hands up her body. My hands reached her bra straps. I dropped my left hand down and round to her front on her flat stomach. My right hand curved round and covered one of her breasts over the frilly bra cup. I squeezed her breast gently and moved my left hand onto her skirt and then onto her leg. I gently fondled her breasts and legs. I was in heaven!

After a few minutes, I moved my hand on her leg to the inside of her thighs and moved it up until I reached under her skirt. From there it was a short distance until I found out that she WAS wearing knickers. Must be a thong, I thought, remembering that I hadn't been able to make out a panty line earlier. Ann opened her legs slowly, giving me better access. I rubbed my index finger down the crack of her pussy and then back up again, until I could feel her clit - hard as a button. I circled it with my finger and rubbed it over the cloth of her panties. Ann moaned and twisted her neck and kissed me on the lips.

A few minutes of deep kissing later, Ann stood up, still facing away from me. She bent forward, presenting a lovely rump to me. Her already short skirt rode up and I could see the thin line of her black thong snaking between her ass cheeks. I stood up, my cock painfully pushing out my trousers. I placed my hands on her derriere and fondled her. Ann pushed back until her ass was touching my groin. I couldn't stand the painful pressure any more and quickly undid my belt and took my trousers and pants down. My cock sprung outwards, a rigid steel bar with a swollen, throbbing head. The relief on freeing it almost made me moan. Ann pushed back again and my cock touched her pussy over her knickers. I reached out and moved her knickers to one side and pushed my hard cock into Ann's wet cunt.

Ann moaned as my cock plunged into her cunt in one long stroke. Once I reached bottom, I stayed still for a couple of seconds, enjoying the feel of her tight, hot, damp pussy sheathing my sword. I pulled out almost to the tip and pushed in again. I bent forward and reached under her, cupping her hanging tits in my palms and started fucking her rapidly. It had been a long time since I had fucked a girl and I didn't last long. Just as I came, I pinched her nipples and Ann moaned and climaxed as well.

I collapsed into my seat and Ann pulled her skirt down, buttoned up her shirt and left the office. She came back a few minutes later with a damp towel. She knelt in front of me and cleaned me. I dressed as well and we started work. I had a lot of files to go through to get up-to-date with the project and the company. We finished just before lunch. Ann started putting the files away. As she turned away from me, I put my arms round her and pulled her close to me. She left the files on the table, turned and put her arms round my neck. We kissed each other - our tongues playing together. I cupped her ass and lifted her slightly off the ground and pressed her pussy into my hard cock.

Ann closed her eyes and moaned. I dropped her back on the ground gently and cupped her boobs over her shirt. I then started unbuttoning her shirt and she helped me take it off over her shoulders. Her breasts were firm and hardly sagged despite their size. I reached behing her and unsnapped her bra after a bit of fumbling. Her creamy breasts were topped with light brown aureoles. Ann's nipples were hard and standing proud. I couldn't resist bending down and taking one of her breasts into my mouth. I fondled the other breast with my right hand. I opened my mouth wide and tried to take the whole breast into my mouth. I then slipped out until just her nipple was between my lips. I then took it deeper and chewed gently on her nipple. Meanwhile, my right hand dropped from her breast to her thighs.
