 The skies are a light, pale blue as we pull over on the gravel road. It would officially be called the "middle of nowhere" as there are corn fields with knee high stalks and a small grove of thinning trees in the distance. The gentle murmur of frogs comes through the temperate spring air, leading to believe there is a pond not too far away. I look over and smile to you, extending my hand and beckoning you to take it. "Let's find a spot to sit down," I say as I give the food basket a small shake. Looking to the west, the land goes up a bit and a small hill overlooks the fields "how about up there?" as I already start to pull you along. We walk through the field and I notice you're squeezing my hand and tickling my palm with your middle finger. You always knew I liked that. 

Continuing on we reach the summit of the hill and notice the pond at the base of the far side. It's quiet of city noises but full of life. So peaceful. I put down the blanket on the soft grass of the hilltop and ease you down before setting the blanket down

---

You sit next to me, as I cuddle in close to you, feeling your arm go around me. We sit there for a few minutes just enjoying where we are at. It is such a gorgeous place, almost as if we could touch the sky if we really wanted.

Reaching into the basket I pull out some of the food you brought along, including strawberries and some wine. You open the wine, slowly pouring us each a glass. Handing me my glass our fingers touch. I gasp just from that small touch, as you just smile back at me. Sipping on our wine, you grab a strawberry out of the basket and you put it to my lips waiting for me to take a bit. My tongue snakes out licking it, then slowly sucking the berry into my mouth. I let my tongue run over the tips of your fingers

---

I shiver, feeling your soft tongue over my fingers and smile, seeing a little mischief in your eyes. I trace your lips with my fingers and lean in, kissing your lips gently but only shortly, looking into your eyes pulling back, my eyes telling you "More in a bit, baby". My arm goes around you, holding you as we look over the body of water ahead. As the wine flows, as do the clouds and it begins to cloud over. 

I set my glass down and begin to run my fingers through your hair, leaning in and nibbling on the back of your neck, leaving small bites from the nape of your neck to your earlobe, where I stop to run my teeth from the top of your ear to the bottom, pausing to suck on and play with your earrings with my tongue.

Without warning, the sky opens up and a cloudburst begins to rain on both of us. Our shirts become transparent as the warm rain soaks us both. I grin as I look you over, looking at your skin glistening in the now see-through shirt. I also notice your nipples are starting to get hard and poke through. 'Could it be me?' I think to myself, 'or is it the rain?' As soon as it started, though, it stopped and the sun came back out. 

"We should get out of these wet clothes" I say to you, with a wink, as I take off my shirt and shorts, looking at you in just my boxers.

---

My eyes widen as I look down and can already see you hardening beneath your boxers. They are molded to you because of the rain. With a little wink I stand up and slowly unbutton my blouse, taking it off and throwing it towards you. You see now that I didn't have a bra on, so you have a clear view of my hard nipples. Turning around I slide the skirt down my ass, and you can see my black thong peeking out. We are now even, both with just underwear on.

You reach towards me, to pull me forward. "No, it's my turn." I say. You give me a little smile and sit back down. I straddle your lap, my knees on the outside of your legs. Leaning forward I run a finger over your mouth, and you reach out with your tongue, licking and sucking. I continue running that one finger down your chest, over each of your nipples. Then keep following the trail lower until I get to your boxers. Tracing my finger all over, but not touching where you want me to.

Looking at you, I lean forward and we kiss, softly at first with our lips barely brushing. This quickly goes into a forceful kiss, your hand coming up pulling my hair, so I am closer to you.

---

Slightly gasping for breath, I feel the heat coming through your thong pressed up against me. The musky aroma hardens me further as I release your hair and blindly grab for a strawberry. I take a bite, letting the juice stay there as I reach forward and trace the mildly chilled strawberry juice over your rock hard nipples. Coyly grinning, I look up and see a mock look of surprise covering your face as you tremble ever so slightly. I feed you the remainder of the strawberry and put my hand on the flat of your back, pulling your exposed chest towards me as I lean down my head. 

With pursed lips, I take one of your nipples into my mouth, lightly tracing a circle along the outer ring. A small sigh escapes your lips as you fight back another tremble. I continue to run circles, occasionally running the rough bubbles of my flattened tongue along the tip and pinching with my lips. I feel your back arch as I do so. My hand drifts down from your back and cups your ass, squeezing and holding you firmly on my lap, helping press your now much wetter pussy on my cock. My hips start to move upwards to slide our clothed sex against each other. I can't help but quietly whimper while switching to the other nipple, making sure not to neglect it. I feel you pull back so I look up and you take my head in your hands, and pull it to you, forcing another shattering kiss. Our tongues doing a heaven dance together while my hands continue to make you grind to me by kneading your soft cheeks.

Once the kiss ends, I look into your eyes, my vision clouded with wanton. With a blink, I turn your head with my chin and start to place small nibbles on your neck moving towards your earlobe. You moan audibly as I continue to move up but instead of going to your ear, I turn your head and place kisses under your chin and work towards the other ear, finding your tender earlobe with my lips. I run my tongue from the top of your ear to the bottom, following it by grazing my

teeth gently on your earlobe as I suck it in. Meanwhile one of my hands has moved front and is softly pinching and twisting your stone hard nipple as the other hand is still pressing you onto me. Between the previous rain and our love juices, our clothes are now completely soaked.

---

The feel of your mouth on my ear is driving me insane. I start rubbing my pussy against your cock through our clothes. I can feel your hardness on my clit, as I continue grinding myself against you. Your tongue is still licking my ear lobe, your mouth sucking it in, brushing with your teeth. Every sensation is becoming even more intense, as I come closer and closer to climaxing without you even touching my clit with your hands. You work harder...feverishly licking, nibbling, pinching, pulling. I explode. Screaming your name, pushing myself closer to you, back arched and head back. You watch me come with a smile on your face.

I can see how hard you are, and feel by running my hand over the front of your boxers. Your cock jumps in response. I kneel beside you, pulling off your boxers, so you are sitting there completely nude. I crawl in between your legs, and lightly lick the head of your cock. I can taste your precum, and run my tongue over my lips in anticipation of tasting you. Bringing my hand up, I begin to stroke your cock, then down to your balls, massaging them. My mouth goes back down; I lick your head around in circles, close my lips around you, and suck hard. All I can think about is how good you taste.

Your hands go into my hair pulling me further onto your cock, going deeper into my mouth. My hands are still playing with your cock and balls, as I suck you and tease you with my tongue. Your grip is stronger now in my hair; your balls start to tighten. I can tell you are about to come in my mouth.

---

The sensation of your hot mouth and tongue rolling around on my cock is nearly too much to bear. I hold on for dear life, my fingers entwined in your hair, hoping that I don't fall off the earth from my shuddering. "Ah....my....gaaaaa...." is all that I can manage from the feeling of it all. 

Suddenly I can't hold out any longer. Starting from deep in my chest, a groan begins as I start to cum. Involuntarily, my hips thrust upwards forcing myself as far back down your throat as possible as my arms fly to my sides, clenching. I feel thick ropes coming out as the groan becomes louder and finally escaping my lips. The sound of it makes you jump slightly as you continue to milk my cock for every last drop.

Meanwhile, the ensuing echo causes a few birds in the underlying lake to take flight, a fine symbol of the rapture you have caused me. Each shudder pumps more cum down your throat until it feels as if there's nothing left. My bucking begins to subside as you pull up and lick the small drip off the side of your lips and smile as you look into my eyes.

I regain the use of my hands and arms and wrap them around you and pull you down until our faces are separated by a breath. Running my fingers through your hair and pulling you together with me, I feel your fingers do the same as your tongues do the same dance as before, this time mixing the taste of your sweet body with my own. Your nipples, still hard, are pressed up against my chest as you sway from side to side, making them trace small circles through my chest hair. One hand reaches down to your ass again and starts to run the back of my nails on it. The small circles stop for a brief second and you yelp a little, not expecting the attention. 

I pull you away from me and lie you down. "You want more, don't you?" I ask in a gravelly voice while looking into your eyes with a grin. I reach down and run my fingertips across the small line of fabric keeping that soaking pussy from the outside world. Your eyes roll back as your back arches, thrusting your nipples skyward. You gurgle an answer, not being able to speak. In a rough whisper and with a wicked grin I can't help but say "that's what I thought" as I start back again with your ear but not spending as much time as before, trailing kisses to the underside of your chin and running a small, warm line with the tip of my tongue down and down to between your breasts. Pulling back, I blow a cool jet of air on the trail causing small goosebumps to rise and your already hard nipples to seemingly quiver with wanton. Straddling you, I lower my head back down and take your nipple in my mouth, rolling it around with my tongue roughly as my hand works on the other breast, pinching and rolling your not-to-be-neglected nipple. You start to squirm as your hand starts to make a motion down towards your thong clad pussy. I stop and sit up quickly, grabbing your hands and placing them above your head "None of that, baby...that's my job".

Apparently you're not the patient type so I accelerate my motions, running the same motion down towards that which is separating your pussy from me. "Bet you want this off now, don't you?" I say coyly. You look at me, barely focusing and weakly nod as I reach my neck down and start to tug it off with my teeth. You arch your back to help me get it off quicker and I look down and see what was being held away from me. Your glistening pussy is calling, the pink lips pouting and wanting to be kissed as your hard little clit is poking out. "Mmmm...Looks tasty" I sigh aloud as I lean down to where your hair would be. I run my goatee along your smooth abdomen and down the inside of your thigh, breathing heavier through my nose, allowing you to feel the heat of my mouth on you. I hear a whimper from above from you "baby....please". "Just a moment, love, and you'll have it" I reply. 

I reach up and part your legs, allowing more of your juices to flow out. Not wanting to waste anything, I lean in and lick from the bottom to the top, the tip of my tongue going slightly in your slit. As I move up I feel you quiver but not as much as when I brush against your clit, when you grab my head with your hands and drive your nails into my head. You pull me down and it's all I can do to fight you on it. I don't resist and go down and take your lip in my mouth, grazing my teeth along it as I tug it away from your body. I let it slide back to you, running it along my lips going back. I can't let one side become jealous so I take the other in my mouth and do the same as my hand comes up and lightly flicks your clit in a tiny circle. As if jolted by electricity, you shudder strongly, fighting the urge to close your thighs on me. Teasingly, I pull back and look up towards you and smile, your juices thick in my chin hair. Any focus you once had is now gone so you just lean your head back, trying to smile.  

I go back down and part your rewetted pussy with my hands gently and insert my tongue as far as I can, probing you deeply and tasting you from the inside. It's like heaven. I run my rough tongue along the top edge of your pussy and you begin to shudder more. I know what you really want and I think you've waited long enough. I move up a little and reach my arms up, pinching and twisting your nipples as I envelope your throbbing clit with my lips. I press together and slide my lips from left to right, all the while running the bumps of my tongue over it. Your groans have turned to loud, echoing moans as I continue to enjoy that perfect pussy of yours. Moving my head back and forth, I start to stroke your clit like you did my cock, running my tongue in circles as I suck hard on it. Underneath me you are bucking, and running your nails across my back, leaving lines that feel oh so good. I suck harder on your clit, pinching more with my lips and bring one hand down, inserting my two middle fingers inside of you and pressing upwards, kneading your G-spot. You gasp and I feel you clench on my fingers. You start to scream and shake "Oh my god, I'm going to cum againnn...." you gasp out and let out a scream as your pussy clenches hard down on my fingers. Your juices flow and I continue to work on your clit, keeping you shuddering from the orgasm, until you start to slow down. Putting your arms underneath mine, you pull me upwards towards you and wrap your arms and legs around me, holding me close. I look down, smiling and you smile back. Once again we share juices as you feel my again hard cock against you.

---

I smile at you, as I feel your cock growing against me. I reach one hand down and stroke your cock a few times up and down, enjoying the feeling of it jumping in response to your hand. I slowly rise up on my knees, so that I can bring your cock into me. All I want right now is to feel that hardness inside me. I am so dripping wet from cumming, as is your cock.

You feel the head of your penis just start to go in me. I clench my muscle tight around the tip. You groan, either from pure pleasure, or the incredibly tight feeling of my pussy. I keep repeating this, bringing one inch at a time into my pussy, squeezing you each time. Doing this is teasing you and me at the same time, although who is being teased more is anyone's guess. Then, without warning, I just drop down on you taking the rest of you deep inside of me.

Your hands go to my hips holding me there for a moment. I lean forward running my tongue around your lips. Nibbling on your bottom lip, teasing your mouth open. Your tongue slips out and soon we are warring with one another with our tongues. Back and forth, pushing, pulling, sucking....My body can't help but start to ride you slowly. But again your hands on my hips hold me there as you continue kissing me. I ask you to let me fuck you. You tell me no, that since I teased before, you are going to tease now. So your mouth comes for my nipples, you suck them into your mouth, nibbling, biting, sucking. My back arches and again, all I want is to feel you deeper, to feel you thrust inside of me. Your hands stay where they are.

I look up at you, with such a wanton look in my eyes. You can see I need it, and that I need it badly. Before I even realize what is happening, your have pulled out of me, and flipped us both over. I am on all fours and you are kneeling behind me. I can feel your hard cock entering my pussy from behind. You are so big inside me and it just feels incredible. 

---

Hearing you groan makes my already hard cock stiffen even more, twitching and roaming inside your steamy pussy. I feel you clench down in front of me as I grab your hips roughly and quickly slam inside of you and hold there, forcing my balls to slap against you. Surprised by this, you let out a sharp yelp yet purr after the realization. I feel you move and then your fingertips graze my balls, forcing me to shiver a little bit. 

I start to pull out agonizingly slow and look down. My cock is covered with your sweet honey and I am aching for more. I reach my fingers up and run them from your neck down to your ass, scratching as I go. "I'll bet you want more, don't you?" I whisper as I start to slowly push myself back in. As soon as my hands get back down, I grasp your hip with one hand and reach around to find your clit with my other. Rolling it between my thumb and finger, I feel you shake and push your hips back to meet mine as I start to thrust faster. 

As if answering my thoughts, you sway your hips slightly from side to side, grinding that hot pussy onto me. I can't hold out any longer as this wanton honeypot is begging me to fuck it hard. Releasing your clit, I forcefully grab your hips and start to pound into you. Pistoning my cock faster and faster, I pull you onto me, impaling you. Looking down, I see your head thrown back as you shake and moan, your hair flying all over as you're lost in the feeling. I groan loudly, my cock twitching mid thrust, hitting your inside wall. As if touched by an electric wire, you sharply twitch and clench your dripping cunt onto me. My eyes widen and I moan, looking down through halfway shut eyes, seeing your head still back and under you, those perfect breasts swaying from the deep fucking I'm giving you.

God I want to fill you up for hours but the feeling is so good that my body has other plans. I can sense you're smiling, knowing that by you clenching so tightly, it's forcing me to have to cum soon. I pull one hand away and lick my thumb and bring it down to your ass. Pressing gently, I run a small circle on your backdoor, not pushing in but just teasing. It seems to excite you as you pull tighter and I see one hand reach up and start to tug on your nipple. After such the feeling, I can't hold out anymore. I start to push myself in deeper and harder than before, beginning to cum. I feel the tip of my cock wet with our mixed love juices as I continue to pump inside of you, wanting to end up as deep as possible. You start to rhythmically clench your muscles, squeezing every possible drop out of me before letting me go. 

My shudders and aftershocks continue for awhile as I stop thrusting and just remain inside of you, leaning forward and holding you, cupping your breasts from around the back. Shortly thereafter, I pull out and turn you around and smile. Running my fingers through your disheveled hair, I pull you in for a kiss. Before our lips meet, I whisper "Thank you baby" and kiss you deeply, my arms lowering to your back and pulling you tight into a fully body embrace. Slowly lying down while still kissing, we feel the slight chill of a damp blanket from sweat, rain, and love. I can't help but smile, causing you to break the kiss. You smile as well, as you know exactly what I'm thinking. We lay back, my arm around you, and look up at the passing clouds and emerging sunshine, placing warm and tender kisses upon our bodies as the day winds away.