 "Oh I'm cumming again Chase!" Shannon screamed out as the grip she had on her bed sheets tightened until her knuckles were white. She stopped dead in her frantic humping in an orgasmic freeze, but continued to bounce violently with her bed bouncing with her as Chase Stevens continued to slam down into her from above.

Shannon's legs were thrown up over Chases shoulders and at the same time her knees were pushed all the way into a position on either side of her head as Chase almost folder her in half with his intense fucking. It had been this way for all of forty-five minutes and five orgasms on Shannon's part.

As the girl let out one long moan Chase continued to shove himself in and out of her as she shuttered spastically beneath him in an orgasm Chase thought might cause her to pass out. When the girl had finally finished Chase pulled his slippery member from the girls soaked shaven slit and Jerked himself twice and only twice before shooting his spunk in glob after white glob all over the girl, shooting as far up as to her two breast mounds.

When he'd finally finished he sat back and admired his work. Shannon Mason,18 year old senior and head cheerleader of Meadville High School lay on her back on pink bed sheets soaked through with sweat and her own juices. He watched her chest rise and fall as she attempted to catch her breath from the 45 minutes of exhausting sex she'd just received. The girls long blond hair was as wet with sweat as it would look if she'd just gotten out of the shower, and her teen body glistened as such also. The usually sexy and perky girl was now too exhausted to reach a hand down to one of her C-cup round breasts to scoop up some of the boys sperm to taste in her mouth.

Even as Chase watched, the girl drifted into sleep there in the puddle of her own juices. Chase had only ended the intense sex act that had been playing out on the bed for 3 quarters of an hour straight because it was 5:30 and he had Swimming practice at 6:00 every Thursday evenings.

As he went to pick up his clothes on the floor he noticed a full-length mirror mounted on the closed door of Shannon's bedroom and stopped to admire himself in the mirror. He looked over all of his muscles. From his defined pecks to his rock solid six pack abs he worked so hard to maintain. His arm muscles were perfectly defined, but he had made sure they hadn't gotten too bulky, to avoid that body builder look that he didn't want for his lean body.

His smooth completely shaved body gleamed with sweat in the mirror and his usually short spiked black hair was matted down to his head. What stood out most of all was the almost 8 inch cock that had made him famous among the ladies at Meadville High, which was just now starting to soften as he watched in the mirror. At 18 Chase was easily the cutest guy in his entire senior class, hell the whole school, and he knew it. He was captain of the lacrosse team in the fall, star pitcher for the baseball team in the spring, and the fastest swimmer on the team currently, in mid February.

Chase achieved his sexual prowess, which was now infamous among the girls in Meadville High School, through the guidance of his step mom on his 18th birthday some 6 months earlier. But that was a different story entirely.

He was about to get dressed, but couldn't fight the urge to first turn and look over his shoulder in the mirror to have a look at his tight firm ass. When he'd done that he pulled on his clothes and exited Shannon’s room.

Going down the stairs and into the living room to go out the front door of the house Chase was startled to hear the sound of someone clearing their throat. He turned to see Mrs. Mason seated on the couch in a business suit and skirt. She had a concerned look on her face as Chase realized she had gotten home early and heard the ruckus that had gone on upstairs.

"Mrs. Mason I'm-" Chase started, still with his usual confident almost cocky voice, he was cut off by the still very attractive 36 year old. The practically woman mirrored the look of her daughter in her facial features and body.

"Please, do to me what you did to her!" the mother practically begged. She spread her legs revealing that she had taken off her underwear since returning home from the office. Chase shrugged and decided he had enough time to eat out before swimming practice. He moved in with a cocky smile licking his lips.

**********

"That's right take my cock in your cunt Erica!" Derek Paterson panted in a hoarse whisper, referring to his 12 grade English teacher Ms. Fantelli by her first name. He briefly removed his hand from his cock to spit into his palm before returning it around his six and a quarter inch shaft (he knew because he measured his length regularly). The 18-year-old virgin sat in his computer chair furiously beating his meat, as his eyes remained glued to the screen.

He looked at a full screen sized picture he had created with the help of Adobe PhotoShop. Using a picture he'd taken off the Meadville High School web site he'd placed his hot 25-year-old English teacher's head on a naked slut taking in a big fat cock doggy style. On the shoulders of the buff stud that the thick cock belonged to Derek had placed his head from a picture he'd scanned.

The altered sex act photo served as material for his cock beating sessions nightly before he went to sleep. This Thursday night was no exception. Eyes still fastened to the image on the screen Derek stroked himself even quicker still as he felt his eruption boiling up from with in.

“Oh yes I’m going to cum inside you Ericaaaa!” The last word stretched out into a pleasure full moan as suddenly his sperm spurted up from his ridged cock. The first glob landed on his stomach, the second in the patch of pubic hair at the base of his cock, and the last oozed out and down the shaft onto his hand.

The deed completed, Derek came out of the haze of passion that always enveloped him as he jerked off, into the stark harshness of reality. The one in which he realized he was still a virgin who had just ejaculated himself over an altered image on his computer. Once he had accepted this, he took the large wad of toilet paper he had left ready on the computer desk with his clean hand, wiped the excess of his spunk off his stomach, pubes, and hand, and headed into the bathroom that was connected to his bedroom. Here he completed the cleaning up process.

Derek came back into his bedroom and pulled on boxer shorts and a white T-shirt. He felt tired enough to have just fallen into bed completely naked, but knew he didn’t want his mom to find him that way when she woke him up tomorrow morning. Under the covers he was now left to his thoughts.

Derek thought about his appearance as he always did. He was 5’9”, lean and healthy looking. He hadn’t participated in sports since he was a little boy, so he wasn’t exactly built, but he was not just skin and bones either. He had no six pack abs like he’d like, but at least his stomach was nice and flat he supposed. Thinking about his looks he also knew he wasn’t unattractive. He could even be called cute in a boyish way. In fact his only hindrance was his decision to wear his glasses most days and not bother to put in his contact lenses.

No Derek looked perfectly fine, even cute, but then how come he hadn’t had a girl friend since middle school? Why hadn’t he ever gotten past second base with a girl? Derek knew the answer. Ever since he’d gotten to high school he’d closed up to everyone except for his few close friends (very few). He was shy and kept to himself in school, and he took his work semi-seriously, which labeled him brainy to most, all though he wasn’t. 

These days the computer seemed to be his best friend. He cursed himself because he knew his flaw, yet continued to isolate himself. He’d seen guys twice as unattractive as him in school with girlfriends, all because they were outgoing and he was anything but.

Derek sighed in his bed and turned over from his side to his back. Anyway, “Who needs any of those High School girls?” he thought, “When there was someone like Ms. Fantelli.” He groaned in frustration at the thought of his English teacher’s curvy figure.  Just the thought of her made him begin to grow in his boxers. With in moments he had pulled down his underwear under the covers, and was at it with his cock again.

**********

Erica Fantelli awoke at 5:45 Friday morning with her panties soaked. She had been dreaming again.  Ever since the young English teacher’s boyfriend of 5 years had left on an especially long business trip 6 days ago Erica had been waking up sexually aroused, with no means of release. Each day it seemed to get worse and worse, so that on this day she was so wet and randy that she would have contemplated masturbation had she not had to get up on the double and get ready to go to school.

The strangest part about the whole thing was, from what she could remember from her dreams each time before they receded into her mind when she awoke, she wasn’t fantasizing about her absent boyfriend. Rather she found herself dreaming of a student she had at Meadville High. The student was a rather arrogant, extremely good-looking boy by the name of Chase Stevens. But each time she forced the taboo, immoral fantasy out of her mind because he was her student, and she would not think of him in that way.

Groaning, she got out of her queen-sized bed stripped out of her completely drenched pink panties. Next, pulling out of her sleeping shirt she headed into the bathroom and climbed into the shower. Turning on the water she stood there for a long moment just letting the water hit her in the face and run down her body.

The water ran a trail down her tanned body from its start on her face. It ran down her neck, and then over and between her two succulent breast mounds. They were perfectly round and perky, and not at all too large at a B cup. Each tit’s nipple was on attention even in the warm water. The water then continued to flow down her flat stomach where it ran lower still to her pussy that she kept shaved completely smooth. Finally the water parted and flowed in two trails down both her silky smooth legs. Legs that seemed to run down for miles in all their splendor.

The teacher than bowed her head so that the water’s soothing jets massaged the back of her neck and then trickled down her back. This water was rewarded when its path ran straight between two shapely firm tan buttocks. Wherever the young woman tanned, she must do so in the nude because no bikini lines showed.

To put it simply her body was breathtakingly beautiful. Every bump and curve of it. Finally she washed and got out of the shower. Wiping the steam from the mirror, Erica took a moment to look at the perfect features of her face that no make-up could make any more stunning than it already was. She then dried her shoulder length brown and blond highlighted hair to perfection.

Heading back into her bedroom she chose a skimpy pair of black bra and panties and a nice purple flowered dress. She chose a nice dark tight fitting button up purple sweater to cover her arms in the cold February air. 15 minutes later Erica Fantelli left her house still horny and as beautiful as ever.

**********

Friday afternoon when school had ended Chase headed straight to the swimming pool locker room. He didn’t actually have swimming practice on Friday’s, and he knew it. But Ms. Fantelli didn’t. Which had all been part of his plan.

“Oh, and Mr. Steven’s don’t forget after school today is the last day to make up that test you missed!” He recalled Ms. Fantelli yelling out to him as the bell rang ending his 3rd period English class. The other students began their post-period shuffle to gather all their things before moving on to their next class. Chase hadn’t forgotten about the make up test either. That too was all part of his plan.

The plan was to get Ms. Erica Fantelli into bed with him, or get her anywhere for that matter. Chase could have any girl in high school he wanted, and he had on many occasions, but none of that was anything of what it would be like for Chase to have the hottest teacher he’d ever seen before. Hell one of the hottest women he’d ever seen period. According to Chase’s line of thinking, it only made sense for the greatest looking guy in the entire high school to have the greatest looking girl.

Besides that, Chase was no fool. He knew the looks and body language he got from any of the many girls who wanted him. He got these same looks, this same body language from his English teacher, especially in the past week. 

He was no fool at going about the situation either. He knew that someone like Ms. Fantelli wouldn’t just act upon any desires for one of her students and risk the consequences with out proper provocation on his part, or proper seduction for that matter. So Chase Steven’s had devised a plan.

He would first get out of his school clothes in the locker room, which was completely empty. Why shouldn’t it be? There was no after school practices on a Friday in February. Everyone had hurried home for their after school plans to unfold, and Chase also knew this. For this reason he guessed that Ms. Fantelli would not be sticking around waiting for 1 student to make up a test on a Friday afternoon, so he had to work fast.

He quickly pulled on his swimming shorts. They weren’t the baggy down to your knee’s style swim trunks that everyone wore around the swimming pool in the summer either. These were swimming competition trunks. Short, and skin tight. All the better to show off his package though.

For Chase’s plan to work he didn’t even have to get in the pool. Instead, he headed into the shower room, and turned on one of the showers. He stood under it only long enough to get his body wet and the trunks clinging to him and defining his goods even further. He headed out of the locker room and threw a towel haphazardly over his shoulders. As he exited he stopped to take a look in the mirror.

“Lookin’ damn fine Mr. Stevens!” he complimented himself before heading out of the locker room. The halls he entered were practically deserted by now. The janitors weren’t yet in the halls cleaning so Chase was alone heading down the corridor. Not that he would have cared to show off his body to any lucky janitor or student who was straggling behind.

When Ms. Fantelli’s room came into view, the door open and the light on inside, Chase broke into a run to further give across the idea that he was in a big hurry as he burst into the room.

Ms. Fantelli was seated at her desk looking down at a stack of papers and didn’t notice Chase’s entrance until he spoke up. “Ms. Fantelli! Sorry I’m so late! I was at swimming practice when I remembered about the test so I hurried as fast as I could-“

By this time Ms. Fantelli had looked up from her grading and the look on her face from the sight of her good looking student standing there in tight swimming trunks and nothing but a towel over his shoulder, still glistening wet, was priceless. Chase could tell by the look she gave him that she was very pleased at the sight, turned on already. She squirmed uncomfortably in her seat, but in moments had forced the excitedly surprised look into a look of frustration.

“What is the meaning of this Mr. Stevens?” She asked. Chase could tell she was trying hard not to let her voice betray her in her seriousness.

“I didn’t think I would make it in time when I realized I was supposed to be here to take that test. I thought you’d have given up on me and went home so I rushed here as soon as I could. I’m so sorry Ms. Fantelli.” He paused, noticing her eyes were drifting downward from his face towards his muscular chest and abdomen. “Is there a problem Ms. Fantelli?”

Snapping back to reality she looked back up to his face. “Um, no I suppose not. I don’t see why you felt the need not to change though.” She tried sounding stern again.

“Like I said, I didn’t think I had time. I need to make up this test for my grade and this is the last day. Besides, it’s not like you haven’t seen a guy in his swim trunks before.” He added still innocently.

He noticed how hard she was concentrating on not looking his body over while he was watching her.

“I- I suppose you’re right. We’ll your test is already on your desk. Try to finish it as soon as possible, this is a Friday after all.” She said. Chase nodded and wet towards his seat.

**********

Mrs. Fantelli tried her hardest to look back at the papers she was grading as Chase went to his seat. But it was hard to take her eyes off the High School senior. He was in High School, sure, but there was no doubt in her mind now that he was a man.

Those muscles made her tingle with excitement, not to mention the noticeable outline of his package in those shorts. But she kept reminding herself that he was a student, and it was wrong even thinking like she was.

She couldn’t resist the urge to glance up once to see the boy working over the test at his desk in nothing at all but the tight little swimming shorts. Even the towel had been discarded onto the desk behind him. Cursing herself, she tried to go back to grading her papers.

“He is 18.” She recalled to herself. She still couldn’t get over the fact that it was wrong and even against the law as a teacher. She also couldn’t get over the fact that her panties were beginning to get wet. She squirmed again in her seat behind her desk.

Before she knew it, Chase had finished his test and was in front of her at her desk, placing the paper down in the corner. She felt his gaze on her as she looked down at her papers, and slowly looked up.

And stopped suddenly as her eyes came level to his crotch that was just showing above the end of her desk. Not only could she now notice the outline of his penis, but she could see it was hard and tent like in his shorts. It was quite large as well. She gulped, forced herself to look up to his face after looking there for a little too long.

“Is there a problem Ms. Fantelli?” He asked, in that innocent manner of his. This time however, there was a hint of cockiness in the voice.

“N-no… no problem.” She stammered out. She continued trying to make a bit of small talk not noticing her word choice. “Did you find anything err, um, hard… Hard on the test that is!” She blurted out.

“Why no, Ms. Fantelli, why? Do you see something hard? About the test of course.” he said, now completely full of confidence and arrogance. He leaned down to become eye level with his English teacher and began leaning in. She waited until the last possible moment than pulled back.

“No, Chase, this is wrong. We can’t.” She said, but already the confidence in her voice was lacking, and she knew he could tell she didn’t mean it.

“Is that what your pussy is saying right now Erica? Or is it wet right now? Getting wetter by the second?” He merely whispered now, his face was so close. He couldn’t know, but she was getting wetter still. And than her student came completely forward and locked lips with her. She reached up at first to push away but ended up just locking her hands behind his neck and pulling him closer.

It wasn’t just a kiss, but an exploration of her mouth with his tongue. Then she was being pulled up out of her chair still in the kiss and still prodding her mouth with his tongue, Chase was coming around her desk until he was on the same side as she was.

Once there he had already slipped Erica out of the dark purple tight button up sweater she wore over the sleeveless strapless dress, which was only being held up by the curves of her breasts.  Pushing the teacher back onto the desk he continued making out with her furiously as his hands fought and managed to pull the strapless dress down below her right breast. He did the same with the black bra she wore underneath so that now her right breast was exposed.
