  Something different.

I would like to thank destodes777 for his useful comments and corrections which greatly improved this story. All remaining mistakes are because of my stubbornness...

As always, comments are appreciated (even critical ones; insulting ones not so much, though...) and I will try to react on them where applicable.

All names, characters, situations and incidents portrayed in this story are fictitious. No identification with actual persons is intended or should be inferred. 

Copyright blablabla... 

-----------------------------------------------------------

Still struggling with my tie, I walk into the living room. Hilly has left a few hours earlier, going on a long night of drinking and gossiping with some friends from school. Now I am also about ready to leave; I'm supposed to go drinking with some of my colleagues. 

Roger and Laura are watching TV, while the Tracy, the babysitter, is leafing through one of the books she has brought with her.

"You know where the drinks are; and feel free to take the crisps if you want some," I once more encourage Tracy. She has been here several times before so she knows how it works; however, she still seems very shy and I'm not sure she would take anything unless I explicitly tell her to do so. 

Then, while looking at the kids, I continue: "Laura has to go to bed at eight - no more drinking - and Roger at half past eight." Of course, Roger prepares to argue, but I cut him off immediately; "No Ro, half past eight!" I make sure this is clear to all of them, so he won't be too difficult for Tracy. Of course I do know she will give him some extra time; that's wat babysitters do, right? But in the end, she is the one who is in charge tonight.

Then, turning back to Tracy, "And can you help Laura brushing her teeth? The back molars really need some extra attention." Laura's brushing is nothing more than quickly moving her brush through her mouth; normally we brush first and let her practice for a while at the end. Roger's brushing is only a little bit better, but I want to spare Tracy from the fights he puts up when we help him. 

"Just don't forget to help yourself with food and drinks." I tell her once more. "You know how the TV works - oh, you've brought your homework; fine. And do you need our Wi-Fi code?" I wonder how long it takes before the books are put away in favor of watching TV, but that's not my business.

"My mobile phone number is on the table; just in case. I'm not expecting any problems, but if something happens, don't hesitate to call." So far, Roger and Laura have always behaved well enough when we are gone. They know Tracy, they are not ill, and I can't see what else might go wrong, but you never know what happens. And for Tracy it probably feels safer to have an emergency number; just to be sure.

One last check for my keys and wallet - It's all there. "I think I'll be the first to be home, but I already told you it will be late - probably after half past one; is that still okay with you?" Tracy nods. Of course she won't mind - babysitting is easy work, just watching TV, and us being late only means more money for her.

Then it's time for one last hug. "Come here! Mwah, Laura, Ro, be nice and sleep well!" I give a last warning look at Roger, who returns a foul look back at me. Of course he doesn't want to be kissed and even avoids me stroking his head; he is too old and too cool to be cuddled.

I wave the kids goodbye, wish Tracy a quiet evening, and leave. One last look in the mirror in the hall - I think I'm ready.

***

A bit nervous, I enter the café she has chosen to meet tonight. It's only our third date, and I feel thrilled.

I hope she likes my suit - she told me she would like to see me wearing a suit for tonight; me wearing a suit, can you imagine? The last one I bought was my wedding suit; it would be a pity if I bought a wrong one now. She promised she would wear a dress matching a suit, whatever that means; I hope it matches mine.

There she is - she sits at a small table almost in the back and stands up when she sees me too. 

My God she looks beautiful; stunningly beautiful! Her dark blond hair falling loosely over her naked shoulders; a touch of make-up - stylish; and a dress! No suit could possibly match that dress. God, she looks stunning. I knew she is good looking, but in this dress... just 'Wow'!!

I give her the rose I'd brought and kiss her cheek. Her smell is heavenly; a bit dark and sweet, but not too dominant or overwhelming. She smiles at me and sits down again. She is drinking red wine; I know I'm driving tonight, but one glass won't harm, so I join her.

We exchange pleasantries and I can't keep my eyes off her. It's a nice thing knowing she won't mind - that's what brought us here in the first place. 

"You look absolutely beautiful tonight," I tell her once again, and she smiles at me. 

"I thought you would like it. You look quite handsome yourself too! Nice suit; it's excellent!"

***

