 We're sitting on the couch in my front room, I'm just wearing a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, you a short dress, just down to your thighs and your sitting on my lap, my arms wrapped snugly round your waist, just watching t.v. Relaxing.

You start to shift your weight, moving your bum just a little on my lap just getting comfortable. It feels nice as you move against me, but before long I have to shift a little too, trying to get back to the snug comfy posture I'd fallen into before. As I move I find I'm rubbing myself against you, or bodies sliding and grinding with each other. You barely notice but a couple of seconds later your moving again, your bum circling into my lap as you adjust yourself trying to get comfortable, not noticing the smile on my face as you move. The smile spreads to a grin as a naughty thought enters my head, and my hands clasped in part from in front of you, one staying on your stomach the other moving down to you thigh. I shift again a little, and your unconscious response begins to have a definite effect on me as inside my jeans I'm starting to grow.

A smile spreads over your face as you notice the slowly hardening bulge pressing into your bum. 

You catch on to my train of thought, and with a wicked grin on your face you lean back into me pressing onto the back of the couch for support, opening your legs slightly you start to really grind your yourself into me. Arching your ass upwards so the large lump in my jeans presses into your soft, tender, cotton covered mound. I respond by running my hand between your legs, slowly up your thigh sending shivers down your spine, and softly squeezing your breasts through the thin fabric of your dress, rubbing your nipples into the sensual material.

My hips gently bumping upwards to press harder against your ass.

We kiss passionately, our tongues dancing deep in our mouths, my hand sliding up your thighs to your panties as we do. Your breathing quickens as my finger traces lightly over your clit, and I can feel your excitement rising inside you as you can feel mine through my jeans.

My fingers start to rub you through your soft white panties, gentle moans escaping from you between our kisses. Our lips lock together, your eyes closed tight as you move against my fingers, grinding slowly against the hard bulge in my jeans. My hand squeezes your breast now, our bodies tight together. You can feel my strong muscular chest pressing against your back, our hearts beating together faster and faster.

A minute later and your starting to get wet. Your juices soaking through the fabric of your underwear as my fingers continue to tease your cotton clad pussy. My own erection now desperately trying to burst through its sheathing, alive at the scent of your lust.

Slowly then quickly, hard then soft, my fingers caress your moist hot mound, making you shiver with delight. 

My free hand roams your body touching and squeezing the gasps and sighs from your bosom. My lips press to yours... your neck and your cheek, every touch like a searing brand to your flesh, making you mine; and all you want is for me to devour you completely, engulfing your soul in ecstasy... to make love like only we can...

* * *

The urges are too strong for me. Your kissing and grinding driving me insane. I roll you over on the couch, so your kneeling facing the wall, your beautiful round ass before me, just teasingly covered by your flimsy little dress. I pull the dress up over you, pausing half way to admire such a perfect behind, then removing it altogether...

There you are kneeling in front of me, your ass in the air and your breathing ragged. Your nipples hard and erect, and ever so softly rubbing against the fabric of the sofa as your bra-less boobs hang free. You look back over your shoulder at me, the look in your eyes begging me to continue. 

You look so beautiful staring back at me as pull my T-shirt from my torso. So beautiful... I just want to make you cum over and over and over and over...

Your eyes trace over my muscular body, pausing on my firm taught stomach. My broad brown skinned chest visibly rising and falling as the fire inside me makes me breathe deeply, inhaling your sweet scent like a drug... 

You moan, long and low as my fingers pull your panties aside, and I slip a long thick digit into your wetness. You push back against my hand, your behind rising and falling as you tremble with pleasure. I lean forward over you, my throbbing erection resting on the cleft of your ass cheeks, slowly being eased between them by our body movement. My finger works itself slowly in your pussy. In and around and out and... every now and again speeding into a blur, my hand slapping your pussy turning your moans into cries... then softly... slowly... teasing you, gently sending you higher...

I'm leaning right over you now, biting your ear lobe and tugging hard on one of your nipples. Whispering in your ear. Telling you that this is only the beginning; telling you how beautiful you are, and how horny you make me. Telling you how much I want to make you cum and how badly I want to be inside you, while my finger works your pussy, bringing you ever closer...

I slide a second long thick finger into you, pumping you from behind. Your body driving back into me, trying to get more of my hand into your pussy. Your breathing is so heavy now, almost panting. Your moans grow louder and louder, punctuated with small cries of ecstasy as you come closer and closer to climax. 

My whole forearm is covered in your sticky sweet juice. I'm amazed any woman can be so wet without cumming first!

My fingers keep moving inside you, holding a steady exquisite rhythm, until suddenly your eyes glaze over with lust as you feel your first orgasm rising. My free hand moves from your nipple, and caresses your soft skin. Sliding between your breasts, down over your stomach, round to your back to squeeze that sweet ass. Your moans reach their peak as my fingers work faster to bring you off. Your body drives back so hard your almost bouncing off the cushions in an effort to stop this wonderful finger torture. 

Your hips buck! Your mouth forms an "oh" and for an instant your silent as your cries catch in your throat. My fingers, buried deep inside your dripping snatch, squirm in erotic anticipation. You're right on the edge, body ready to explode, but you can't quite...

Then without warning you feel my tongue-wetted fingers on your clit, rubbing it with firm but gentle passion, pressing it into your body. Everything you needed and more...

The ecstasy of your climax rips through you and the screams of pleasure stuck inside you burst out from your lungs as your body spasms and shakes... cumming! 

Your fingernails claw the cushions, and you thrash against my still knuckle deep hand. Cum gushing like Niagara falls between your legs, the Pleasure so intense...

Some time later, your body stops quivering, and you turn, exhausted but still smiling sweetly, and see me standing there, standing with my throbbing erection in my hand, slowly stroking up and down the shaft, Smiling back at you.

The night is young...

Your eyes light up seeing how aroused I am, and a cheeky grin crosses your face.

You reach for me, grabbing my cock and pulling me closer. Sitting up on the edge of the couch, your head perfectly level with my erection, you start to stroke me, sliding your hand over my cock, base to tip, slipping your fingers over the head. My low groans of pleasure clear indication of just how good it feels. 

Your other hand comes up to cup my balls, and you begin an exquisitely sultry massage. My head rolls back and my breathing deepens as your hand quickens on my shaft. My hips start to rock in a gentle rhythm, gradually nudging my cock closer to your lips. You smile at me, knowing my need, and looking deep into my eyes you slip the head of my cock into your mouth. My whole body tenses as your tongue slips over my length, and you start to suck me deeper and deeper into your throat, holding my gaze the whole time.

My fingers run through your hair. My eyes closed as I focus on the pleasure you give me as your head bobs back and forth, my hips driving forward to your lips filling your mouth with my hot hard erection. My fingers slip over your face and down to your chest, massaging a tingling bosom, and teasing an aching nipple. As you suck, your free hand slips between your legs to gently rub your swollen clit. Soft moans echo up from your throat through a mouthful of hard passion. I open my eyes to see you gazing up at me still, mesmerising me as you sway back and forth on my cock.

You feel me expand even more between your lips, your tongue tracing over every vain in my shaft... flicking over the tip as you pull back... just touching my head with your lips. Your fingers stroke your soft wet pussy in small blissful circles, getting harder and faster as you sense my excitement increase. Soon we're moaning together, the softness of your mouth enveloping the hardness of my cock, swollen and pulsing on your tongue. The rhythmic pull of your throat making me rise quickly to a state of near orgasm. Another minute and I am fighting to hold back the torrent of hot cum I have waiting for you.

I can feel the ecstasy in my body desperately seeking release, and your own lust and desire reaching a height you've never before felt. 

Your lips feel so good around my cock, I can hardly stand as I fight to hold off the climax. You suck harder as you feel the tension building within me, your tongue teasing and circling my cock, constantly trying to tease the cum from my balls, your throat working to drain me dry. 

A long tense moan wells up from my throat... 

My hips buck, and you feel me twitch in your throat, your fingers rub your poor clitty so hard it hurts... but the river of cum you expected doesn't happen. With all my strength and will I manage to hold out a while longer, saving myself for the main event. Your fingers slow against your pussy, but only slightly. You're so hot now, you need to cum again, but it will take more than a couple of wandering digits to satisfy your passion this time.

My body is shaking from the intensity of your lust. I slide my cock from your mouth; soft sexy whimpers now freed from your lips making me wish I'd just given you everything I had. I trail it down your body as I lower myself to kiss you, leaving a trail of pre-cum from your chin right down between your breasts...

I look into your eyes once more, and see my passion and desire, reflected like a mirror. Your breathing's ragged, sweat glistens over your body, and you wear a look of pure unbridled lust on your face... I want you so bad, I almost cum again, and you giggle softly as you see exactly what you've done to me. 

You lick your lips in anticipation and smile sweetly at me once more... 

I kneel down in front of you, wrapping my arms around your body and kissing you deeply, passionately. You can feel my throbbing erection, hard as ever pressed to your stomach and the heat of my breath on your cheek. Gently laying you back against the couch, my lips slide from yours and I move slowly down your throat, kissing you so softly. Kissing and licking your tender smooth skin. Running my tongue along your collarbone. Softly caressing your chest with my lips and going lower. Bringing my tongue between your breasts, and all the while you feel my manhood sliding lower down your stomach... lower and lower... until you can feel the head sliding through the soft hair between your legs. 

My fingers gently caress your spine under your arched body, and my mouth moves over the slopes of your breasts, my tongue setting your whole body on fire once more. 

Soft moans again start to fall from your lips like water to my parched senses. You are so hot, so on fire, you can barely breathe as my tongue circles the dark flesh at the peak of your breast. Kissing the tips of your nipples. Pushing your breasts together and softly raking your sensitive mounds with my teeth. Capturing a swollen nipple, sucking on it hard, with long deep pulls until you beg me to stop my teasing: to take you with all the passion and desire I have... to fuck you with everything I've got...!

But my member stays where it is... 

Gently sliding against your pussy as you writhe beneath me. My tongue stays locked to your chest, driving you insane as the ache in your bosom increases to match the ache between your legs. My hips begin to thrust against you, my hard rod now being forced against your clit, and you cry out in pleasure and frustration, cursing me for the evil Bugger I am. 

My Suckling becomes more urgent, and my hips push with more force grinding me against you. Your poor pussy is in agony, and the sensations in your nipples and your clit combine to push you almost over the edge. 

You can barely breath beneath me, as my arched body flexes, stroking you down there. Your legs wrapped around my ass trying to coax me inside of you, your hands claw impatiently at my back and your whole body squirms and twists pushing your pussy up to meet my cock. Then, without warning, you feel the sensation you've been longing for. My thick, solid pole slipping between your soft wet lips, sliding deep inside you right to the hilt. Your breath catches in your throat once again, and your body trembles. My hips start to buck thrusting my hard pulsing cock in with short fast strokes, and you feel your body cumming. 

Our eyes lock as one long continuous orgasm shakes your body beneath me, the moans and screams all jam in your throat as you tremble in ecstasy. Your hot slick pussy spasming around my cock, making me wish desperately to join you and give myself to you totally. 

We roll to the side, and I hold you tight in my powerful arms, kissing you tenderly as you begin to come down from your climax. My Manhood is still buried deep inside you but starting to relax as I feel your body soften in my arms. You smile back at me, and I can't help but loose myself thinking how amazing you make me feel, just how lucky I am to be with someone as sexy and as special as you. 

Then, without warning you snap me back to earth, shifting me suddenly onto my back straddling me. You take my still swollen, (though not solid), cock in your hand and guide the head to your hovering pussy. Slowly you run my stiffening member up and down your slit, looking into my eyes and smiling the whole time...

Now it's my turn to gasp as your prick-teasing steals the breath from my body. My hips arch upwards as I try to find my way back to you, but every thrust is met by a quick raise of your hips, keeping me just out of reach. 

My cock is rock hard for you in moments, but your taunting continues, setting my senses afire as I stare up at your sexy body. Sweat matting hair to your forehead, and your evil grin mocking me as you bring your self back up to a near orgasmic state using the head of my cock as your toy. Your body writhes and twists above me in a slow sensual dance, every movement sliding the swollen smooth head of my cock over your pussy and your clit, parting your lips only slightly. 

Huge round eyes wide with lust gaze down into my own, forcing me to turn away to avoid the pain of my desire. My hands try to force you down onto my erection, but from your position you resist easily, and continue to tease me, bringing yourself off on my cock...

For a seeming eternity you ride the head of my ever straining erection, while I moan eyes tight shut beneath you, loving and hating every second... 

Then I feel you around me; lowering your sweet little pussy onto me, sheathing my cock in your soft warmth... god your so wet...! Your body trembles as you feel me inching into you. Spreading your lips wide around my swollen head, then slipping down my length, feeling it fill you. Deeper and deeper. You can feel me throb in your pussy, and you sigh sexily letting yourself fall away into ecstasy. My hips rise to meet you, and we are joined, moving slowly and in time. Grinding together in a slow sexual dance as if moving to a love song written just for us. 

You place your hands on my stomach pressing down into the firm muscles and you begin squeezing my shaft with your pussy, working now purely to bring us both to orgasm, any thoughts of playing long forgotten. My hips rock slowly, sending tiny tremors through your so sensitive pussy, and out across your tingling body, and you ride the gentle waves as if you were born to it, still smiling down at me, dazed with desire, with those big brown eyes...

Gradually your movements become longer, and your body starts to raise off my hips, sliding up and down my shaft, sending the same tiny tremors back through my body. Just a couple of inches up and down, revelling in the feel of me sliding slickly inside you, quickly getting faster... Before long your bouncing on my cock, aware of nothing but the sensations of your pussy being filled, moving faster and faster. Your body hangs forward over me, head down and eyes closed as you start to ride me hard, bringing your tight little pussy down on my cock harder than anything I've ever known, and it feels so fucking good I can't stand it! 

My hips rise to meet you as you slam your body down, pounding you with all my strength, and you scream a deafening scream of raw lust as you hammer at the barriers of your orgasm, every slam and thrust threatening to shatter it utterly. 

I enfold you in my arms, crushing your body to me and bucking my hips even faster as I become lost in you, lost in the sheer power and ecstasy... 

It feels like a bolt of lightning through you as the hard spikes of your nipples are flattened into my chest... 

I squeeze so tight you can't move an inch as I unconsciously take control, fucking you so hard... driving up in you to the hilt, seemingly going still deeper with every thrust, groaning like a man in agony for your loving... 

Your face hovers inches from mine...

We want to kiss, but all control is lost, destroyed in the fire we created. Instead we simply stare into each other's eyes, seeing nothing but love in the haze of orgasm that envelops us...

I pull you into me, seeking to become one with your burning body, one hand wrapped around your back, the other squeezing your ass as it is pounded continuously from below...

You feel something slip between your cheeks, and lightly touch your sensitive ring, pressing itself into you...

Your head snaps up, and a primal scream of torture turned ecstasy explodes from deep within you... 

Your body spasms internally, doing things to me that I didn't know could be done. My hips buck and my body shakes with you, and I cry out as my orgasm hits milliseconds after your own. I'm totally blinded by the light of ecstasy that I feel inside, and I loose all control as my cock fires jet after jet of hot spunk, deep into your spasming pussy! I growl and groan as I fight to keep the force of the orgasm from tearing me apart...

Your pupils dilate as you feel the tidal wave of your orgasm hit, enhanced by the shock of me mercilessly exploding inside you. You feel like your being turned into pure electricity and your poor little pussy gushes with cum. 

Over and over and over again your body shudders, and for two full minutes you tremble, cumming...! 

Your only sound the occasional gasp or moan you let escape as all the lust and passion we shared slowly calms, wracking your exhausted body with sobs of joy. From an all consuming inferno, to a warm loving glow that surrounds us both, your body slowly melts into mine, and we lie still for long moments, just holding on to the perfect contentment we both feel. 

The last thing you remember is my smiling face, gazing deep into your eyes and touching my lips to yours... you close your eyes contented feeling our hearts beat together as one, and drift happily into sweet dreams of us.