 I rescued Johann, the son of an East European don from a kidnapping attempt. In return, his father Aleksander offered me a job at a software company he had set up. Aleksander claimed that the software company was totally legit and had been set up to train some women from his country in IT.

I agreed to visit the office for a few days before deciding. On my first day, I was introduced to the team - all young, beautiful girls in their early twenties. I was also told that I would have a personal assistant - a curvy blonde called Ann. I ended up fucking Ann - twice, before lunch - on the first day.

I knew that I had to decide whether to work for Aleksander before I went to work again. Once I landed up at the office and enjoyed Ann again, I'd be hooked! It was a nice problem to have, but still a problem. I decided to go to the gym to clear my mind.

An hour later, I was almost finished. I was just sitting at the end of the weights bench, drinking some Evian when I noticed the girl on the cross-country skiing machine. She had a lovely bust and ass clearly outlined in lycra. Beautiful toned legs, hair done up in a pony tail, exposing a lovely neck. Her hair was bouncing from side to side in a very erotic way. But it wasn't her body that had attracted my attention - not after the first few seconds! I knew the girl. Just as I was wondering whether to hail her, she stopped and stepped off the machine. I stood up and walked over to her.

"Hi Chellie!"

"H.. Hi, Mike. How are you?" Chellie said, looking genuinely delighted to see me.

"I didn't know you used this gym" I said.

"I was visiting Johann and decided to come down," she said.

Chellie was slightly out of breath and her chest looked very attractive as it moved up and down in her tight lycra suit. A generous cleavage showed the deep valley between her breasts. I tried not to stare.

I don't how it happened but we ended up going to a local pub for a drink. The Counting House was an old bank branch that had been taken over by a pub chain and done up before being sold to a Japanese bank - go figure! It had high ceilings supported by classical columns and a huge bar. It never seemed crowded even though it was quite popular with the office crowd. We got our drinks and found a quiet corner. We talked about her family for a bit and then the conversation turned to my family, or rather the lack of it.

"I don't understand how you can live without a family, Mike! Don't you feel lonely?" asked Chellie.

"Sometimes," I replied.

The conversation then moved on to my job.

"Are you taking over JCSoft?" asked Chellie.

"I haven't decided yet," I replied truthfully.

"Have you met the girls in the office?" she asked, just as I was taking a sip.

I almost choked and coughed for a bit as the drink went the wrong way down my throat.

"Y..y..yeah!" I croaked, wondering how much Chellie knew.

"They are lovely, aren't they?" asked Chellie. Her eyes were wide open and she stared at me ingenuously, as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth.

I blushed and Chellie laughed at my discomfort and said, "Sorry.. I don't mean to be rude. They are great girls."

I just nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I took another sip of my drink and asked, "Do you know them well?"

Chellie replied, "Not really. I've met them once or twice but that's it. Pa doesn't like it when I meet them."

"Oh! Why?" I asked.

"They are.." she fell silent.

"What?" I asked.

She lowered her voice, "They are.. call girls."

"What!" I exclaimed.

"Shh.." she said, looking around but nobody was paying us any attention.

"Sorry!"

"Yeah," she said, "They are call girls."

I was silent for a bit, thinking it over in my mind. I was slowly getting angry.

"Bastard.." I said to myself.

"Who?" asked Chellie.

I shook my head, "Sorry!"

Chellie asked again, "Who?" 

"Your father!" I said, a bit recklessly.

"Oh!" Chellie's mouth was an 'O' shape, in surprise.

"Your father told me that this operation was totally legit. He swore on Johann's head."

"But it is perfectly legal," said Chellie.

I shook my head.

"You misunderstood me. These girls were escorts who wanted to give up. My father wasn't happy about it but Ann convinced my father that if the girls had spent at least two years on the job, then they should be given a chance to get out. Most of these girls just want to marry a rich guy but some of them have brains and want to use them. That's why Pa set up JCSoft to train those who were interested and had the brains to work in IT."

"Oh!" I replied.

Chellie said, "I'll be honest with you. Ann called me and told me to talk to you. That's why I was in the gym."

"Does your dad know about this?" I asked.

"No! I'd be grounded for life if he knew I was interfering in the family business. He's a bit old-fashioned that way," Chellie replied.

I could believe that. Aleksander didn't strike me as a modern metrosexual sort of guy.

"Ann has already done a good job of trying to convince me!" I mumbled. I almost cringed when I realized what I'd said.

Chellie laughed, a musical tinkle. God, this girl appeared more beautiful, the longer I stayed with her.

"Ann told me," she said.

"She did?" My eyes popped.

"Yes.. I think you are really cute. Most guys would have jumped at the chance to have Ann as a personal assistant. The fact that you are still thinking about it shows that you are a strong guy."

"Not so strong," I replied, "I am wavering!"

Chellie said, "Of course you are! Ann was the most highly paid escort in the organisation. She used to be flying all the time - to the Middle East, the Carribean or the Riviera. And suddenly, one day, she came up to my father and said that she was giving it up. I don't think she tried really hard to convince you. If she had, we wouldn't be sitting here having this conversation. You would have signed on the dotted line straight away!"

"What do you think I should do?" I asked her.

"I think you should help us out. This is a totally legitimate operation and the girls really want to leave the business. You will be doing a very good thing," she replied.

That convinced me. However, I really liked Chellie and didn't want her to think bad about me. So I asked, "What do you think about me and Ann, you know?"

Chellie smiled and put her hand on mine, "It's ok, Mike. Ann and the other girls are really great looking girls. I wouldn't expect any red-blooded man to look away. They are yours as long as they stay in the organisation. Just teach them the skills to get away."

I was touched. 

"I really like you Chellie. Can we meet again, even if I take the job and you know, the girls and I..."

"Of course!" Chellie smiled, "I like you too.. You are the first guy I've met who hasn't fallen over himself to listen to Dad. As for the girls, think of them as perks of the job!"

Time passed very quickly and pleasantly until Chellie said she had to go home. I walked her to her car and just before she got in, I bent to kiss her. I meant to kiss her cheek but she turned and our lips met. We stayed like that for a time before she broke the kiss and went off into the evening with a wave.

The next day I was in the office bright and early. Only Ann was in at that time, wearing another short skirt.

"Good morning, Ann!" I said brightly.

"Good morning Mike," she replied.

I went into 'my' office and sat behind the desk. Ann came in with a tea and a notepad.

"Thanks.." I said, taking the tea from her hands. I took a sip and said, "I need to speak to Aleksander."

"No problem. I'll get him for you."

I said, "Let me know when all the girls are in. I want to go through the project with them."

"Anything else?" she asked, slowly crossing her legs. Her skirt rode up her thighs attracting my attention.

"Now that you mention it, I need a first-thing-in-the-morning blowjob," I said, trying to act nonchalant.

"No problem sir," Ann said and stood up from her chair.

I turned ninety degrees so my legs were away from the desk. Ann knelt in front of me and reached up to my belt. She undid my belt and unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers. I raised my ass off the seat and she pulled my trousers and pants down. My cock jumped up, hard.

Ann's hands felt cool on my hot cock. She fondled my cock in her hands and then bent forward and placed a gentle kiss on the very tip. My cock twitched and her tongue darted out to flick the pee-hole at the end. I groaned as she opened her mouth and swallowed me. She went down and down until she had most of my cock in her mouth. Keeping her mouth slightly open, she moved back and forth, hitting the tip of my cock against the back of her mouth. The feeling was incredible. My hand moved to her head and I took a grip on her hair. Keeping her mouth still, I started thrusting my hips in small movements. Ann kept her mouth open so that I was hitting the back of her mouth again. Physically, the feeling on my cock was the same, but this time I was in control and my excitement went up even more.

After some time, I stopped thrusting and Ann closed the lips round my cock and started sucking me properly. She really knew how to suck cock. She didn't use her teeth, but she applied just the right amount of pressure - firm enough to maximise my pleasure, not so firm that it was painful. Ann kept her mouth way down on my cock and started moving her tongue. I tightened my grip on her hair in pleasure.

Ann took me out of her mouth and licked my cock from the tip, down the underside until she came to my balls. She licked the sac for a bit before taking one of my balls into her mouth and gently sucked it. She then repeated the process on the other testicle. After that, she again took my cock into her mouth and started sucking it. 

"Oh Yes! Yes baby, suck me! Suck me!"

Then..

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming.." I said barely seconds before pumping a stream of cum into Ann's mouth. Ann kept sucking and swallowed my cum fully before rocking back on her knees. She looked up at me and slowly licked her lips with her tongue.

"Thanks baby.. You are really good!" I said.

She gave me an air-kiss and pulled up my trousers and pants. After buttoning me up, we both stood up together. Ann straightened her skirt and I kissed her lightly on the mouth and said, "That's the start of a good tradition."

"What tradition?" Ann asked.

"Tea and an early morning blow job as soon as I walk in." I replied.

Ann brought all the girls into my room and I sat on my table facing them. They were all wearing skirts above their knees and their legs were very distracting. I'd already reviewed their work and found Aleksander's feelings to be correct. The work was mostly crap - there had been no proper design and the work was all a mish-mash.

I said, "We are going to treat the work you've done so far as a learning experience. We are going to throw it all away and start again."

The girls all looked at each other and started talking among themselves. I waited for a few minutes and then raised my hands. The girls all quitened down and started looking at me again. We spent the next hour or so putting together a requirements specification with me at the flip chart and Ann taking shorthand. I finally put the marker down and stepped away from the flipchart. 

I said, "All of you think about what we've discussed. Ann, type up the requirements and distribute them. We'll have another session this afternoon after we've all had a chance to go through Ann's notes."

The girls all got up and left the room, except Steffie. Once everybody else had left and the door was closed, Steffie stood up in front of me. Yesterday she had been wearing trousers, but today she was wearing a smart skirt suit.

"What do you want Steffie?" I asked.

"Yesterday Aleksander wasn't happy with me," she replied.

"I noticed. I was wondering why," I said.

Steffie said, "Aleksander doesn't like his girls wearing trousers. He asked me to wear skirts as long as I work in this office. Also, he gave me a punishment."

"What's that?" I asked.

"He asked me not to wear knickers. He also told me that I had to show you that I wasn't wearning knickers."

"Oh!" I said.

Steffie slowly raised her skirt. As the skirt came above her mid-thighs, I saw the tops of her stockings. The skirt kept going up until her pussy was bare. She was completely shaved down there and I could just make out her clit peeping out through cunt lips. My cock stiffened up straight away and I walked towards her. She stood still holding up her skirt while I walked round her. She had a round ass that looked very erotic above her stockings. Normally I wouldn't have dared touch her but after yesterday's conversation with Chellie, I felt more bold. I reached out with my hand and caressed her ass cheeks. Steffie just stood there like a marble statue.

I rubbed my hand across her cheeks and then moved my hand down between her legs. Steffie bent forward at the waist. Her rump was now prominent and I could make out her pussy between her ass cheeks. I spanked her lightly and watched her ass turn pink. My stiffness was getting uncomfortable. I quickly undid my trousers and my cock stood up free. I moved behind Steffie and with one stroke plunged my hard cock into her warm cunt.

I held Steffie's hips and rapidly thrust in and out of her cunt. Her long legs stood straight up and I had to bend just a bit at the knees for a perfect fit. Her round ass felt good every time my pelvis ground against it. After fucking Steffie for a few minutes, I relaxed the pace. I fondled her ass cheeks while slowly pulling almost completely out and then sliding all the way into her wet cunt. Then I leaned forward and reached under her to hold her tits. I squeezed them in my hands and picked up my pace again. I fucked Steffie for a long time, sometimes slowly and sometimes fast. After a bit of time I moved slowly back into my chair pulling Steffie with me. She sat in my lap, still impaled on my cock. I reached under her shirt and played with her bra covered boobs. Steffie unbuttoned her shirt and unclasped the bra from front, spilling her big boobs into my hands. I squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. I kissed the nape of her neck. Finally I plunged into her cunt and came in a torrent.

I stayed inside her for a while until my softening cock slowly slid out of her cunt. Steffie reached out to the tissue box, stuffed her cunt with it and made her way to the bathroom. As soon as the door closed, Ann came in with a damp towel and cleaned my cock. She then kissed my cock gently and pulled up my trousers. As I got dressed, Steffie came out the bathroom looking like a proper office worker. I knew however that she wasn't wearing knickers under her skirt.

I said, "Steffie, I don't think you should wear knickers in this office."

"No problem, Sir!" replied Steffie, smiling at me.

Ann looked at me and raised her eyebrows. I just smiled. The phone rang and Ann picked it up.

"Hello, JCSoft, Ann speaking."

She then burst into her mother tongue for a while before handing me the phone and said, "Chellie."

"Hi Chellie!" I said on the phone.

"Hi Mike! So you decided to take up the job. Good for you!"

"Yep.. took your advice," I replied.

"Good stuff.. Ann tells me you've been having a good day!" Chellie said.

I blushed. "Mustn't grumble!" I replied.

"You English are so funny! Mustn't grumble, indeed!" she said.

She added, "What are you doing tonight?"

"Nothing in particular," I said.

"Shall we go out for dinner?" she asked.

I agreed and we arragned our date.

"Don't forget to give Ann my love" she said.

"I won't forget," I said hanging up the phone and adding, "to give her my love," under my breath.