 This can't be happening. Not now. Not here. It was starting to rain and it was getting dark. My old VW Bug sputtered and chugged along the unfamiliar road. I looked around at the dark buildings on the street. Why did this have to happen to me? Then I saw a light at the end of the block. Oh, thank goodness, I thought as I pulled into the lot just as my Bug gave one last sputter and died.

The auto repair shop looked deserted. But there was a light on in the office and in one of the bays. I didn't see anyone around, but where else was I going to go? Getting out of my Bug, I locked it and walked slowly to the office door. A closed sign hung in the window. I knocked and waited but no one answered. Tentatively, I turned the knob and opened the door slowly.

"Hello? Is anyone here?" I called. 

I heard a metallic banging coming from the auto bay and decided to follow the noise. I walked slowly, looking for whoever was there. The bay was lit by a couple of work lights and was full of dark, shadowy shapes. I called out again, but again there was no answer.

The noises seemed to be coming from underneath an old blue mustang. Walking around to the other side, I saw a man's legs sticking out from underneath. Lightly tapping on the side of the car, I called hello again. The banging stopped and the man slid slowly out. I watched, mesmerized as he appeared. Long legs, trim waist, muscular chest, followed by warm chocolate brown eyes, sandy brown hair and a handsome face with a very quizzical expression. Somehow, just looking into his eyes made me feel warm and sheltered and safe. And suddenly, very nervous as I reminded myself that he was a stranger.

"Um, hi. My... well, my Bug broke down and I was hoping you could take a look at me... I mean it.... take a look at it... my car" I licked my suddenly dry lips.

Greg looked her over as he slowly got to his feet. She was short, at least compared to his 5'10" frame. Curvy in all the right places, and kind of cute. Her short, light brown hair curled softly around her face and her blue eyes were wide with worry.

"I could look at you all night," he said with a lazy grin, "but let's start with your car first. A Bug?"

"Okay. Yeah, my VW Bug. It just started sputtering and then it died. I managed to pull it into your lot. It's so dark, and there were no lights anywhere, and I'm not from here, and I didn't know what to do, or where to go and....." I stopped talking, realizing I was babbling. I felt like I could tell him all my troubles. What was this connection I felt?

"Well, let's go take a look. You're lucky I was here. The shop closed hours ago, but I stayed to work on this mustang I'm restoring. I never get time during the work day." Greg realized he was running at the mouth, too. But she was like a damsel in distress, showing up at his shop on a rainy night. He wanted to be her hero and take the worry our of her eyes, replacing it with a passion he sensed was there, hidden underneath the surface.

We walked out to the lot where I had parked my Bug. The rain had stopped, but it was still very humid and wet. I knew my hair was frizzing up with this damp weather. Oh, why was I worried about my hair? Yes, he was really good looking, but I needed to focus.... focus on getting my bug fixed. Not on connecting with a stranger that I had just met. He might be able to repair my Bug, but he couldn't fix all my problems.

"Do you think you can fix me? No, I mean my Bug. Do you think you can fix it?" I could have kicked myself. What a dumb thing to say.

"Wow, this is one of the old ones. I haven't seen one of these in years." Greg said. "Let's see if it will start and then we can put it inside, so I can take a look."

"It's a '68. I bought it from my parents when I was 16. They had it shipped over from Germany." I realized I was babbling again. I got in and it started but it sounded awful. I drove it into one of the bays after Greg opened the door. Just as I pulled into the bay, it died.... again.

"Let me see if it's something easy," Greg said as he looked at the engine. "If you want, there are sodas in the fridge in the office and the bathroom's that door over there." He hoped the guys hadn't left it in a mess. 

I wandered into the office and grabbed a coke. I sure hoped it was something easy to fix. That Bug had been with me for a lot of years. It was more like an old friend than a car. Dropping down onto the couch in the office, I sipped my coke. Tired, oh so tired. I laid my head back and closed my eyes. I would just relax for a minute or two.

Greg walked into the office to tell her the bad news. He saw her, sound asleep on the couch. She really was pretty, especially now that the worry was gone from her face. And those breasts! He sure would like to feel them and see them up close and personal. But it was getting late, and she couldn't be comfortable, not on that old couch. He wondered what her story was, and what had brought her to his shop. Well, he guessed it was lucky for him, and he smiled.

"Hey," he said softly. "Hey, it's time to wake up."

I woke up slowly. Opening my eyes, I got lost in his chocolate brown eyes and we just looked at each other for what seemed like forever, but was probably only a minute. Then I came fully awake, and straightened up on the couch.

"Oh, sorry. I must have dozed off there. It's been a long day. So, what's the word on my Bug? Is it an easy fix?" I said hopefully.

Greg shook his head. "No, I think I'll need to order some parts. I want to go over it again in the morning, but if it's what I think it is, well, it will take awhile to find the right parts."

"Oh, no. I know how hard it can be to get parts for it. I wanted to be farther north than this when I stopped." I looked around. "Do you know of a campground near here? I have all my camping stuff in my Bug. I can't go to a hotel. It's not in my budget, and now with the cost of parts and your labor... Maybe I could stay here, and sleep in my Bug?"

"You can't stay here. It wouldn't be safe. And when I turn on the alarm... well it's got a motion detector, so you can't stay here. There aren't any campgrounds near here, either." Greg said, and then he watched her face fall. Oh, no. She wasn't going to cry, was she. He couldn't let that happen. Maybe she could stay with him? Would she? Stay with a stranger? Maybe he was crazy, but he sure wanted to take her home and keep her safe.

"I'll tell you what. I have a big house not far from here. It has lot's of empty bedrooms for when my kids come to visit. Why don't you come home with me, and we'll see what your car needs in the morning?" Greg watched her face as she processed his words. 

"I, well, I don't know you." I said. "I don't even know your name."

Greg smiled at her and held out his hand. "Hi, my name is Greg Wagner, what's yours?"

I smiled back. "My name is Brianna, but my friends call me Bri." I put my hand in his large, strong hand and was instantly enveloped with feelings of warmth and safety. I looked at our hands and wondered what was this connection I kept feeling.

"And can I be your friend, Bri?" Greg asked. He squeezed my hand and then reluctantly let go. "I promise, you will have your own bedroom and bathroom. The door locks, just like a hotel. I'll bring you back in the morning and then we'll see about fixing your car."

"I guess that would be okay. I'm going to text my friend, though, and let her know where I am and that I'm going to your house. Just an extra precaution, you know." I looked up at him. "Let me get my bags from my Bug."

Greg watched Bri get two bags out of her car. He put away his tools and turned out the lights, setting the alarm. Then he took the bags from her and they walked out to his truck. 

"Have you eaten dinner?" Greg asked. "I usually just eat leftovers or a sandwich when I get home, but we could call for pizza if you want."

"Oh, no. I don't want to be a bother." I answered. "I'll have whatever you're having. I really do appreciate this. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't been there, what with my Bug dying and all."

After arriving at his house, Greg showed Bri her room. He told her to make herself at home and then he went to take a shower and get cleaned up. Wow, who ever would have thought that he'd be bringing a pretty lady home with him today. He hoped he could be her friend. Hell, he hoped they would be lots closer than just friends. But he would have to play it cool. He didn't want to scare her off. If he had to order parts for her car, she just might be here for a few days. 

I checked out my room and the lock on the door. It was just as Greg had said, I would have my privacy. Leaving my bags, I went to find the kitchen. I checked out the refrigerator for dinner ingredients. There wasn't much, but he did have some cold cuts and bread. I made a couple of sandwiches and pulled out a bag of chips and two sodas. Putting the food on the table, I sat down, just as Greg walked in. Boy, he sure cleaned up nice. He had showered and put on a dark blue t-shirt that hugged his broad chest and jeans that hugged his, well, let's just say he looked really good. No wedding ring.... I wonder if he has a girlfriend? I realized I was staring and I blushed.

"I made some sandwiches. I hope you don't mind?"

Greg sat down at the table and grinned at her. 'She sure looks pretty when she blushes,'.he thought. "That's great. You didn't have to do that, though. But I appreciate it. So what brings you to my town?"

"I'm a writer and I decided to drive around the United States and write a book about my adventures. I'm taking pictures, too." I answered. "I started in Seattle and drove down the west coast and then across the southern states. I'm on my way up the east coast. Or, I was, until my Bug broke down."

"That's some trip. How long has it taken you, so far?" Greg asked. 

"Longer than I expected. And it's costing more, too. I've been stopping here and there, waiting tables to add to my 'trip' fund. But now, with the Bug breaking down, well, do you know of any restaurants in the area that might need a good waitress?" I smiled. "Oh, and don't worry about getting paid for fixing my Bug. That's covered in my emergency fund. I knew it would break down, sooner or later. I'm just glad it was later!" 

"There's a diner down the street," Greg looked at her. "But maybe we can make a deal. I've been really busy at the shop and I haven't had time to take care of my house. My kids are coming to visit in a week. Maybe you could clean the house to get it ready for them and I could pay you."

"I can't take advantage of you like that!" I said. "You're giving me a place to stay and feeding me. I should be paying you!"

"Hmmmm, well, actually, you'd be doing me a really big favor. I hate to hire a cleaning service. And as you can tell by the contents of my fridge, I don't cook. How about you cook dinner for me in payment for your room, and I pay you for cleaning the house?" Greg put on his best puppy dog face. Didn't all women want to help out puppy dogs?

"Well... I guess that might be okay. I'm not the best cook, but I can make you a decent dinner. If you let me cook you breakfast, too, then you've got a deal." I answered him. 

I hoped I wasn't making a mistake. But how could I refuse his big beautiful chocolate eyes. After being on the road so long, keeping house and cooking would seem like a vacation. To sleep in a real bed instead of a sleeping bag would be heaven. And Greg was really nice to look at, too. I started wondering what it would feel like to kiss him.

"Okay, then. Are you sure about breakfast? I leave at 5:30am. It's kind of early?" 

I told him it would be no problem. I'd just set my alarm. We cleaned up the kitchen and then Greg led the way into the family room and turned on the radio. Ah, soft rock, my favorite. We sat down on the couch and I put my feet up on the coffee table. I was having trouble keeping my eyes open.

"I'm sorry if I'm a party pooper, but I've got to get some sleep." I said. "It's been a long day, and my boss says I have to get up early in the morning." I laughed and winked at Greg. "Goodnight, Greg. And thanks for everything."

"Goodnight, Bri. Sleep well. If you need anything, just let me know." 

I went into my bedroom and locked the door. I crawled into bed... ahhh... a real bed. I don't remember falling asleep, but suddenly a big crash woke me up. I sat straight up in bed. Where was I? What was that noise? It was dark and it took me a few minutes to remember that my Bug had broken down and I had come home with Greg. 

There was a flash of lightening and then another loud crash. I put my head under the covers. I hated thunderstorms. The next crash sounded like it was right on top of me and I jumped out of bed and ran out of my room. I crashed into something solid and would have fallen down if strong hands hadn't reached out to steady me.

"Hey, are you okay?" Greg held me and softly stroked my arms. "I came to see if you wanted a flashlight or a candle. The storm has knocked the power out. Hey, you're shaking."

He held me and I realized he was naked. Well, with closer inspection, I saw that he wasn't totally naked. He was wearing just his boxers, and his chest was warm and very comforting as he held me..

"I'm okay. I just really, really hate thunderstorms," I said as I reluctantly moved out of his strong arms. "That last crash sounded too close."

Greg handed me a flashlight as we went into my bedroom. He pulled out some candles, put them on top of the dresser and lit them. They added a soft glow to the dark room. I took deep breaths to stop my shaking, but I jumped every time the thunder crashed. The storm must have been right on top of us. 

"Do you think it will last long?" I asked. My voice was shaking just like my hands. I needed to get a grip or Greg would think I was a chicken. But what I really wanted was just to go bury myself in his strong, warm arms. At least until the storm passed.

"I don't know, it sure seems to be a loud one," Greg said as the thunder boomed again. I jumped and he looked at me with questions in his eyes. "Are you going to be okay?"

I sat down on the bed. Knowing it was silly to be scared, but I was frightened all the same. Greg said good night and started to walk out of the room when the lightening flashed bright as day and the thunder crashed loudly. I jumped off the bed and ran towards the door. Greg caught me in his arms and held me while he stroked my back.

"Hey, now, it's okay," Greg said softly. He led me back to my bed and gently tucked me in.

"Don't, um, don't go," I whispered. "Please, can you stay for awhile? Just until it calms down some. I know it's silly, but I'd like you to stay. Please?"

"Sure, anything for a pretty lady," Greg smiled at me. He laid down on the other side of the bed, on top of the covers. "Do you want to talk?"

I told him I didn't really want to talk. I just wanted to try to sleep. But every time the lightening flashed and the thunder crashed, I jumped. Greg put his arms around me and I put my head on his chest. He felt so warm and comforting. Mmmmm..... what a nice way to sleep. It had been too long since I had fallen asleep with a man. It had been too long since I had done anything with a man... and Greg was such a warm, strong man. Handsome, too. I let my hand wander across his chest. 

The storm continued raging outside, but a new storm was building inside me. I continued to stroke my hand across Greg's chest, as I listened to his heartbeat getting faster. He was trying to be such a gentleman, but suddenly, I wanted more. I ran my hand up his neck and into his hair as I leaned up and kissed him lightly on the lips. 

Greg held me tighter, as he captured my mouth with his. The connection I felt with this man shot through my body and I kissed him passionately. Suddenly he went still and stopped.

"Bri? Is this what you want or is it the storm?" Greg looked into my eyes as he asked me. "Because I want you so badly, and if I start, I don't think I'll be able to stop."

"Oh, yes, Greg, I want you. I think I've wanted you ever since you rolled out from underneath your mustang," I said. 

Greg lowered his mouth and kissed me tenderly. I could tell he was holding back, trying to be gentle. But I didn't want gentle. The thunder boomed and I jumped, moving on top of him. I could feel his hardness as I pushed against him while I kissed him deeply, passionately, letting him know how turned on I was. His erection grew and I rubbed my pussy up and down over his hard length. Our tongues explored and danced as our hands roamed over each other, bringing more excitement with every touch.

Greg's hands moved up my sides, pushing my nightgown up as his fingers stroked my back and the sides of my breasts. He rolled us over so he was on top of me, pulling off my gown and lowering his head to place kisses between my breasts. My hands ran through his hair and I impatiently guided his mouth to one of my nipples. 

Understanding my need, he licked my nipple, then sucked it deeply into his mouth. I groaned as the sensations shot from my nipple directly to my pussy. I ran my hands over his warm back and down to his butt. Ohhhh, he had a nice butt. 

I pushed at the waist band of his boxers and he lifted his hips and helped me slide them down and off his legs. I rubbed and kneaded his butt cheeks as he bit and sucked my nipples, moving back and forth until I thought I would go mad with desire. I was so wet and so empty. I needed him to fill me. I pulled his head up for a passionate kiss, spreading my legs and guiding the head of his rock hard cock to my warm, wet opening. 

"Please, Greg, please," I moaned. "I need you inside me. Take me, fuck me, now!"

I grabbed his butt and pulled him up hard as he entered me in one stroke. I stopped for just a moment to enjoy the feeling of fullness as he stretched me to fit his hard length. And then I wrapped my legs around him and rocked my pelvis up against his. Greg pulled out as far as my legs would allow and then slammed back into me. 

Our hands were rubbing and stroking any skin we could find as our pace increased to a frantic pitch. The slapping and squishing sounds of our fucking were fast and furious as our excitement grew and grew. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming!" I screamed.

I held on tight as my orgasm hit with intensity. Greg continued pounding into me as my pussy contracted over and over again, gushing with each contraction, massaging his cock until he buried himself deep inside me and came with several powerful spurts.

We held each other as we floated back to reality. The night was quiet except for our rapid breathing. The storm had passed, both outside and inside.

Greg looked down at me with wonder and kissed me softly. I had never felt as close to another as I felt at that moment with him. I was stunned by the intensity and passion of our loving. Somehow and someway we seemed to have a connection that I just couldn't understand.

Suddenly, I realized I was lying in a very big wet spot on the bed. It was embarrassing, but I was used to it. I had been gushing when I came for several years now, but since I hadn't been planning on having sex, I wasn't prepared. Blushing, I looked up at Greg.

"Um, Greg, can we sleep in your bed tonight? I'm sorry but I think this one might take a while to dry out."

"You squirted?! I thought I felt something when you came! I've never been with a woman who squirted before," Greg said with amazement.

I started to apologize, but Greg put his fingers over my mouth.

"You misunderstand me. I think you are the most erotic woman I've ever been with! Can you do it again?" he asked with excitement.

"Now?!!" I exclaimed! "I'm kind of worn out right now."

"No, not right now," Greg chuckled. "I meant again, the next time we make love. Wait, we are going to make love again, aren't we?" His face fell as he looked anxiously at me.
