 I set my black nursing bag down next to me as I sat down across from Benjamin in one of the stark wooden chairs on the second floor of the library. He had a textbook flipped open to some kind of anatomy diagram, but I couldn't really tell what it was from casual inspection.

"Hey, Misty," he said as he gave me a brief smile.

Benjamin was my coworker for today. Normally we only saw each other once a week, but since tomorrow was the beginning of spring break, we were stuck here manning the university library until closing. It sucks, I know.

Benny was a good little white Christian boy with a bit of a baby face. He had short reddish-brown hair, not quite red, with a kind face and green eyes, a color I didn't see too often when it came to eyes in general. He was tall, probably six-foot, and broad-shouldered, with the average amount of muscle for a guy his age. I thought him to be around twenty-two or so like me, maybe a little older. Today he was wearing a royal-blue collared-shirt and tan slacks, something that looked a little more expensive than what most college students could afford, but I figured he was strapped for cash like me, and he was just good at conserving money, a rare trait in a guy.

I was about as different from him as a person could be. At first glance I was just another white girl on campus, but I wasn't your typical sorority type. I didn't fit into that mold. I was five-seven, a little taller than most women, but not thin like that sorority stereotype people think of when they think of college girls. No, I had an hourglass body, and I currently weighed one-fifty-six, but I would have weighed more if it weren't for the fact that I was lactating. Nothing burns calories like feeding your kid the old-fashioned way. Normally I had C-cup breasts, but they were a little bigger now for obvious reasons, and I had to wear these stupid nursing pads in my bra to prevent leaks, but that was part of the package of being a new mommy.

No, I was definitely not your typical college girl. I had a round face with a button nose and brown eyes, but I currently had my black hair cut short to just below my ears, those ears lined from the lobes to the tops with silver-skull earrings, and I had a silver stud in the left side of my nose, just because that was me, my identity I showed to the world. Today I was in black jeans and a black T with my favorite band's logo of a skull with a green snake coming out of one of the eye-sockets, the cover to Rage Breather's 'Breaking Kings' album. I had their winged snake tattoo tramp-stamped across the small of my back, but I typically didn't wear shirts that rode high enough for people to view that little identity marker.

I turned my attention from my own thoughts to Benny, because we were going to be stuck here together for the rest of the day. He was a nice guy, definitely better than my douche bag ex, a piece of shit who was currently sitting in jail for distribution of meth. Benjamin, however, was a good little Christian boy, so I occasionally liked to ruffle his feathers with questionable subjects. It was fun to get under the skin of the establishment, but it was also fun to fuck with Benny, because he kind of represented the establishment for me. Plus, there was really nothing else to do.

"It sucks that we have to be here all day long," I sighed.

I rested my elbows on the large rectangular library table we were both parked at. We were stuck here today, but we were currently on the second floor of the university library. There was no one here today, and there wasn't going to be anyone here today, but we were stuck here manning the fort, anyway.

"At least the university daycare was open today," I frowned. "It would have really sucked if I'd had to pay out of pocket for a sitter. Especially for a six-month-old."

"Oh, that's good," said Benny, but he wasn't really paying attention to me.

He was absorbed in whatever textbook he was fingering through, whatever it was he had to study.

"How's that going?" asked Benjamin.

I don't think he was actually listening. I think he was just running on auto-pilot at that moment. He didn't even look up at me.

"Oh, it's going," I sighed. "Being a mother is a lot harder than anyone tells you. Especially if you're breastfeeding. I have to feed Aria every two hours. It's like she's hungry all the time."

"Uh, huh," muttered Benny. "That's interesting."

Nope. He was definitely not listening to me. I suppose a little fun was in order due to his lack of attention. Serves him right. Plus, I was just bored.

"Yep," I said with a slight smile and a short nod. "I brought my bag with me today. I'll have to express in a little while, though. Gotta squeeze the ol' boobies for that white gold. Can't run dry and let my kid starve. Yepper. Just gonna shoot that milk right out of my nipples. I do it eeeevery day. Good times."

"Oh, that's interest..." began Benjamin.

He looked up at me in confusion, his green eyes blinking as if he were seeing me for the first time. I think his brain was finally working out what I was saying.

"What?" he asked.

I just laughed at him. I knew he hadn't been listening.

"You weren't listening at all, were you?" I chuckled.

"Oh...I'm sorry," said Benny with a shake of the head. "I'm just trying to get this done. I should have taken this class when I was a freshman just to get it out of the way, but now that I am taking it, it's just annoying."

"What are you doing there?" I asked.

I reached across the table and flipped his book around to take a brief scan of it. On the page in front of me was a diagram of the various parts of the male genitalia, something I was already familiar with, though not in the scientific sense.

"Oh, studying the penis and balls, huh?" I asked. "You could just go online for that. I've seen plenty of those already."

"Not like that," snorted Benny.

He reached over and flipped his book back around, but I only gave him a wry smile and shook my head. It was way too easy to ruffle his feathers. Still, I wasn't done messing with him. Messing with Benny was both fun and a way to pass the time.

"I've got a question," I said. "I've got a question I could look up online, but I haven't gotten around to doing it. It's a question only a guy can answer, though."

"Yeah?" asked Benny, his thick eyebrows furrowing in mild interest. "What's that?"

Whelp, he asked. Sucks to be him.

"It's a simple question that I'm sure every guy knows the answer to," I said thoughtfully. "Can guys pee when they have an erection? I'm curious about that."

Benjamin just sat back a little and gave me an odd look. I wasn't sure if he was going to answer that question or not; I wasn't sure if his good little Christian upbringing would allow him to.

"Uhhh...no," replied Benjamin.

He actually answered it. Good for him. I hadn't been sure he would answer that.

"No, it doesn't work that way," he continued. "It has to go down first before we can pee."

"Hmm," I said with a slow nod. "Good to know. When I was younger and first learning about penises, I was always afraid a guy was going to accidentally pee inside me during sex. It kind of gave me a complex."

Benny snorted out a short laugh and shook his head no.

"Uhhh...no," he chuckled. "No...That is funny, though. I've always wondered if a girl can pee standing up."

"Yep," I nodded. "We're taught to sit down, but we can pee standing up."

"Really?" asked Benjamin in genuine surprise. "How do you keep it from splattering everywhere when you pee backwards like that?"

I let loose a loud guffaw. Yeah, we were in the library, but his comment was too funny not to. He clearly knew nothing about female anatomy.

"Girls don't pee backwards," I laughed. "It shoots forward just like a guy."

"Oh," blinked Benny. "I have trouble picturing that."

"Well, I'm not gonna show you," I smiled. "But anyway...since we're asking questions now...Is it true that guys get erections in their sleep? Do you, like, wake up with morning wood?"

He turned a little red from this, and I must admit, that was the effect I was going for at the start of this line of questioning.

"Yes, guys get erections in their sleep," replied Benny in a flat tone. "If we don't, we have an erectile dysfunction. We also sometimes wake up with one. It's just male biology."

"Mmm hmm," I nodded. "Good to know...It's your turn now."

"My turn?" asked Benny.

"Yeah," I replied with a smile. "Ask me a question, and I'll try and answer it."

"Oooookay," said Benjamin slowly. "I...guess...can girls get an erection?"

"Well, kind of," I replied. "Technically, yes, but not in the way that you might think."

"What do you mean?" asked Benny.

Oh, I had him now. I was gonna embarrass this Christian boy if it was the last thing I did today.

"Well, it's a little complicated," I replied. "The part of the clitoris you can see isn't the whole clitoris. It's just the glans, or the 'head' of it. That part doesn't contain any erectile tissue, but the rest of the clitoris does."

"The rest of it?" asked Benny. "You mean there's more of it?"

"Oh, yeah," I shrugged. "It's actually as big as a penis; it just happens to be inside the vulva. It's in a wishbone shape with a couple of big bulbs on the inside of it. That part gets 'erect' if you want to call it that. It swells up and puts pressure on the inner labia and causes the glands in the labia minora to start producing natural lubricant."

Benny cocked his head to his left and furrowed his eyebrows at me.

"How do you know all that?" asked Benny. "That's a lot of information just off of the top of your head."

"Eh, it's a funny story," I shrugged. "I used to think that some women could get erect because the other girls would mention their 'clit boners'. I didn't know they were being facetious. I just thought I was in the other percentile. Back in high school, there was this one girl named Reed who was always talking about her 'clit boner', and how she was 'hard', and about 'stroking her erection'. She was fucking weird, though. I'm pretty sure I caught her playing with herself in class a couple of times. It's actually because of her that I looked this shit up. I thought I was deficient down there."

Benny's eyes flitted back and forth as if in serious thought. I decided it was going to take a little more 'detail' to get him to fluster out. Shoot, it was better than being bored.

"Oh, yeah," I sighed. "I used to think there was something wrong with me down there. I would look at other women when watching porn, but they always had 'normal' looking vaginas. My labia are dark and hang down from my vulva, my clitoral hood is brown and really leafy and not like a pink triangle, and I can't squirt like a lot of those women can. I didn't realize that all women are different, and that I was perfectly normal. It gave me another complex. That's why I researched this stuff."

Benny's face turned a nice shade of crimson upon hearing my little explanation.

Bingo. Made my day right there. Can't stop now, though. Nope, this was too much fun.

"I really didn't understand a lot back then," I shrugged. "I could masturbate normally, but I just wasn't happy because I thought I was seriously lacking in what every other woman had. Now I know better."

Benny didn't say anything. He just stared off into space as if looking at some point behind me over my right shoulder. His face was so red that he looked like a tomato.

Oh, this was just the best. I probably should have stopped there, but I didn't.

"Oh, yeah," I said matter-of-factly. "A lot of women don't understand their own bodily functions."

I cupped my breasts in both hands and held them up as I looked down at them, pretending to inspect them. I'm pretty sure at this point that this was sexual harassment, but...what the hell. I was going to inform him in an instructional manner anyway, so he could complain, but he did ask me an educational question, so he was shit out of luck if he did.

"A lot of women think they need formula because they're constantly breastfeeding their baby," I continued. "They don't realize that's how breastfeeding works, so they think their kid is starving. It's kind of sad, really. I'm not one of those girls who's a breastfeeding nut that protests formula right outside the factory, but I do think most women don't understand that they have the option to breastfeed. I mean, we've been feeding our kids this way for thousands of years. It's just common sense."

I looked up at Benny and nearly died from trying to hold in my laughter. His thick, reddish-brown eyebrows were raised, his green eyes were like saucers, and he was staring directly at my boobs. I could only imagine what was going on in his head.

"What's wrong?" I asked in a facetious calm.

It took some serious willpower not to burst out laughing.

"You look a little...embarrassed," I smiled.

"I...I have to go...uhh...make a phone call," stammered Benny. "Something just came up."

He stood up and turned away from me, but it was my turn for my eyes to widen. I could see the bulge in his tan slacks, because he had an erection; it was impossible to miss. I didn't know how big his cock was, but ooh buddy was he hard. I guess I had really gotten to him this time.

"Benny!" I said in mock unhappiness.

He turned to look over his left shoulder, but he didn't turn his body to face forward. His baby face was a sheet of red, just a fire burning under that soft white skin.

Oh, this was fun. Score one over the good little Christian boy. I wasn't done yet, though. I wanted to see him squirm.

"You perv!" I chastised him. "Do you have an erection?"

"Uhh...what?" he stupidly replied. "Uhh...umm...no! Wh...What are you talking about?"

I stood up and shook my head in fake disgust, wagging my right index finger at him.

"Oh, I'm gonna report you," I said in a mock frown. "That's sexual harassment."

"It is?" asked Benny in a horrified squeak. "But I...I didn't...I can't control..."

He was so stunned that he didn't even flee when I walked up to him, laid my left hand on his right shoulder, and spun him around. I wanted to see that bulge again. This was hilarious, and I wanted a firm picture of it in my mind in order to savor that mental image later.

Oh, yeah. Benny had a raging boner, and it was a big sucker; I could tell. His tan slacks could not quite contain that beast. It looked like it was going to punch through his zipper at any moment.

"Oh, my God!" I gasped.

My acting skills are superb when I want them to be.

"How dare you!" I gasped again. "Here I was trying to have a nice and safe discussion with you about women's bodies, because I thought you weren't a pervert!...Oh, this is unbelievable! I thought you were a good Christian boy, not a creep!...Oh, my God...Oh yeah, I'm definitely reporting you."

Benny looked like he was about to cry. His lips pulled downward into a horrified frown as he stammered out a sad defense.

"It...It's not my fault!" he stammered. "It's not my fault; it just happened! Please, don't do this! Don't report me! I can't have this on my record! I'll lose my scholarship!"

A wicked thought came to me. Oh yeah, this was definitely sexual harassment, but it was too good to pass up. I could get in serious trouble for this, but I wanted to do it anyway. This was just the best right now.

"Show it to me, then," I demanded.

"What?" asked Benny in growing horror.

"Let me see it," I said in fake anger. "I want to see this monster that has now crippled my ability to cope with men. I thought you were a decent guy, a good and upstanding Christian man, but I was wrong, and now I don't know if I can ever trust any man again."

"But I...I didn't do it on purpose..." stammered Benny.

He really did look like he was going to cry. Still, I wanted to see it, so I didn't relent. I can be pretty fucking selfish sometimes.

"I want to see it right now," I demanded. "I want to commit it to memory so that I have something to describe in therapy."

A single tear rolled down Benny's left cheek as he unzipped his slacks. Yeah, I felt a little bad for doing this to him, but I also really wanted to see his dick, so that kind of overrode my common sense.

He reached into his tighty-whities, did a little adjustment, and then pulled forth his penis. I stopped joking around the moment he drew it out, though, and there was a reason for that, a very good reason.

"Holy shit," I said in a quiet, stunned voice. "That...is a big dick."

His erect cock was about six and half inches long, but it was thick, really thick, and his circumcised glans was a huge bulb with a little bit of clear precum leaking from it. All joking aside...I couldn't even imagine that thing spreading me open.

"There," said Benny in a choked voice. "I let you see it. Now please don't turn me in! I can't have this on my record!"

I wasn't listening to him anymore. I had no idea that Benny had such a large penis. I mean, it doesn't really matter to me how big a guy's dick is, not as long as I can have fun with it, but good grief. Good fucking God!

"Benny, are you a virgin?" I asked in a normal tone, just as if I were asking him 'how was your day?'.

I don't think my brain was working quite right at that moment. Benny's cock was the only thing in my tunnel vision.

"Y...Yes..." sniffed Benny. "Wha...Why?"

"I just figured," I said in a quiet voice. "Good Christian boy like you...had to be."

"S...So?" choked out Benny.

I sucked in a breath as I felt my panties get wet. Oh, boy. This little joke of mine was going somewhere...unexpected.

"I'm not going to turn you in," I said quietly, but my mind was in a daze.

"Oh, thank God," breathed out Benny in audible relief. "Oh, thank you, Misty. I'm so sorry this happened. I didn't mean for it to happen..."

"Shut up," I said quietly, my gaze still locked on his huge, throbbing organ.

I felt butterflies in my lower belly as my panties became soaked.

"What?" asked Benny.

"Shut up and sit down back down," I ordered him.

"O...Okay," stammered Benny.

He reached down to put his large and stiff meat away, stuff it back into his tan slacks, but I stopped him.

"No, don't put it away," I ordered. "Sit back down. Do it."

Benny did as instructed, though his face was a meshed storm of anxiety and dried tears. I walked over to him and motioned for him to pull out his chair away from the table, pull it out and turn it to face me, and he did it without question.

"Sit," I commanded, and he sat without argument.

I knelt down before him, right in front of that huge penis of his, and it was even more magnificent up close. I reaaaally wanted to stroke myself, and that was just from looking at it.

"Stay still," I said firmly. "Stay still, and no matter what happens, you will never say a word about this to anyone...Understand?"

"Y...Yes..." nodded Benny.

I looked up into his wide green eyes, those eyes wide due to anxiety and fear, but I asked him the question that was on my mind, because I really needed to know the answer to it. It was a simple question, but I reeeaaally needed to know the answer to it. I needed to know what I was going to do.

"Are you saving yourself for marriage?" I asked.

"Wha...What?" asked Benny. "I...I don't know...I've never had a girlfriend before. I don't...I don't know...I'd do whatever she wants with that...Wha...Why?"

"Good," I said, and I let out my own beast, unlocked that cage and let her forth to wreak havoc.

Benny gasped as I gripped his huge cock in my right hand and took the large bulbous tip of it into my mouth. I could taste the light salt from his precum, feel his cock's warmth and power on my tongue and inside my lips. Benny shuddered as I moved my head down on it, but it was almost too big for me to fit all of it in my mouth.
