 It's about mid-morning, and I wake up from the sounds of drizzling water. I prop up in bed and start watching a little TV, but I soon become tempted by the sounds of water falling in the shower. I get up and silently tip toe over to the shower, and watch you through the steamy haze.

I carefully peel off my clothes, trying not to make any noise, then I open the door to the shower and jump in. I softly tape your shoulder, letting you know I am there, and whisper, "Might I join you?" in your ear. You then turn around and grin at me. 

First I grab the body sponge and start washing your chest and neck area, all while I keep in eye contact with you. I press my naked body close to yours, as I continue washing downward on your body until I reach your cock, which by now has gotten pretty hard. I drop the sponge and wrap my soft hands around your member.

At first I simply let my fingers mingle around it, teasing it a bit. Then I wrap one hand around your shaft and slowly move up and down, as my other hand gently rubs your glands and head. Suddenly, your move back and lean against the shower wall in pleasure as I move my first hand down to play with your balls, and my second hand starts rubbing head and shaft. After a couple minutes of this, a little precum begins to develop on the head of your throbbing cock. I move my hands away from your cock, as I want to do much more to you, and I wanna save all of your delicious cum for just the right moment.

I turn around and softly whisper, "Have I been a bad girl?" You reply, "Oh yes, you have...you have..." "Well then", I whisper back, "I need punishment." I promptly bend over, grab the shower fitting, and part my legs just so. You raise your firm hand, and smack my ass hard. I yelp sharply. You smack my ass harder and harder until my cheeks a fairly rosy. Then, you stop, and whisper to me, "You are forgiven." Softly I say back, "Well, I may have gotten what I deserve, but I wanna give you something extra nice..." I turn back around and smile at you.

Within seconds, I drop to my knees and take the head of your cock into my mouth. I very softly suck at it, and occasionally tease the slit with the tip of my tongue. Your hands run through, and play with my long brown hair. You push my head a bit more, signaling you want me to take in more. I obediently take in your wanting cock, almost all the way, but not quite. I cup your balls in my hand and rub them as my mouth sucks hard on you. I keep doing this for about 3 or 4 minutes until once again, you are becoming ready to cum, but once again; I do not let you.

I stand up, wipe my mouth off, and lean in a passionately kiss you. Your hands mingle to my hips and then down to my *very* wet little cunt. You slowly slip in two fingers and begin to softly tease my clit. Even ass you do this, our mouths do not part, and we make out for several more minutes. I softly moan as you finger fuck me. Soon, precum is dripping onto your fingers, and my hips slowly buck against your hand. Slowly, you bring your hand off my tender pussy, finding it wet and hot enough to penetrate. 

You grab my face and bring it towards yours and we interlock in another kiss. I then, turn around, spread my legs, and allow you to enter me. You grab me by the waist and pull me towards you. Slowly, and carefully, like a science, you penetrate my tight cunt. I rock my hips backwards, kind of riding you. Your hips also move in and out, giving us a local-motion, but I begin taking charge, and moving my hips faster and harder. Your big cock is filling me up, and I am in deep pleasure. Suddenly, you start thrusting in good and hard. With one good thrust, you twig my G-spot, and get me cumming on your cock. My contractions come nice and full, squeezing your dick. Then, you start your orgasm inside my, filling my pussy with hot, creamy cum. After our orgasms end, we stand up, finish washing each other, and agree whole-heartedly that what we just had, was a VERY good shower.