 I walked into the office and Alana was sitting at the desk, crying hysterically. Her chest was heaving and tears were flowing freely down her cheeks. I was totally confused as to why she was having such a disproportionate reaction to walking in on Ellen and I. Yeah she had caught us post-coitus, in the lounge area of the station, but this was excessive. I had never known Alana to be extremely emotional, quite the opposite, she was very stoic and barely cracked a smile, normally. However, she was no prude, either. Her and I knew more about each other than our spouses did. She knew I was getting a divorce before my bitch of an ex-wife did. I also knew about her problems at home and her extramarital calisthenics.

I stood there and looked at her and cleared my throat. She looked back at me and I could see her shoulders still shaking. "What the hell is wrong, Alana?"

She got herself under control. She answered with a question "Are you telling me, you really don't know?"

"Know what?" I asked.

"How could you be with that ...person? Don't you know what she is?"

I was getting angrier as we spoke, "Yeah, she is the woman that I am with and a fellow officer on this job."

"Well I hope you are at least using protection." Alana retorted. "Considering her history."

"What the hell does that mean?" I asked.

Alana shook her head at me. "John, she has 2 kids with 2 other Lieutenants. She has a history of screwing married guys and then calling their wives while they were still laying next to them."

"That's just rumors." I said.

"Really?" She sniped back. "How the fuck do you think I found out Jimmy was screwing around, huh?" "He was dumb enough to bang her and when she called me, she handed the phone to him." "She's a snake, John."

Alana started crying again. I pulled a chair up next to her and put my arms around her. I held her and let her cry on my shoulder until she was cried out. 

"I had no idea, hon. You never told me."

"I hadn't told anyone but my attorney, till now." She said "Johnny, you can't say anything. I couldn't deal with the humiliation."

"But that still doesn't explain your reaction." I replied. "If you were angry with me because it is her, in particular or because we were screwing in the lounge, I could understand." "But what's with this reaction?"

She stared at me for a few seconds. It seemed she was mulling over something. Finally she spoke.

"Johnny, I've been in love with you since we were partnered up." She blurted out. "I thought you had figured it out."

"I love you too, Alana." I answered. "It's just that I never thought of you like that." "You are my partner, but I can see how seeing me with her would upset you." 

"Wow" she said. That's got to be a first, a woman put in the friend zone by a guy."

"Look, it's not that I wouldn't love a romantic relationship with you. I would be ecstatic." "But I am with Ellen. Regardless of her history, I really care about her and want to give this an honest attempt." "If it doesn't work out, who knows?"

Alana nodded her understanding. "I don't have to like it, John, but it is your life. Just be careful."

I heard the backdoor of the station open and looked at my watch. I didn't realize it was that late. The day shift was coming in. I kissed Alana on the forehead and told her I would see her later. Suddenly I remembered that I drove Ellen to work and had to go pick her up. 

I gave my report to the oncoming Officers and headed out the door. I jumped in my truck and headed to Ellen's station. 

I pulled up in time to see her coming out of the door, followed closely by another Lieutenant. I recognized him immediately. Tall, balding and looking like Shrek, it was Lieutenant Richards. I parked and got out in time to hear Ellen yell at him, "I told you, leave me alone. I'm not interested in your fucking timeshare." "This is the last time I'm telling you, next time, I put pen to paper." 

I walked over to where she was standing, yelling at him. I lightly tapped him on the shoulder. He turned and saw me there and he growled "What do you want?" 

"I want you to leave her alone." "If not, a sexual harassment complaint will be the least of your worries."

"Is that supposed to be a threat?"

"No Richards, that's not a threat." "Threats are never intended to be carried out. I would consider it to be more of a promise."

"What, you think you're tough enough to take me on?"

"See, that's where you go wrong. I don't have to be." 

He looked at me, questioning.

"I just have to know someone or a couple of someones who are. You remember where I worked most of my career? Lots of large guys still live in that neighborhood, with broken noses and they remember who used to patch them up when shit went sideways for them and, trust me, they return favors."

Now the look on his face turned to one of comprehension.

"So you fucking Neanderthal, unless you want to spend your retirement under New Jersey, I would leave her alone."

"Come on Ellen, I'll drive you home."

We hopped up into the truck and headed out of parking lot. I looked in the rear view mirror and saw Richards still standing there as the off going medics snickered behind their hands.

I turned to Ellen, at the next stop light and said "Hi, how was your day?" 

She punched me in the shoulder and leaned over and kissed me. "Large guys with broken noses, huh?" "Where'd you come up with that?"

"You forget, my old station covered Little Italy. I wasn't lying when I said I patched up a lot of those guys."

The light turned green and I turned the truck on to the highway, heading for home. I looked over at Ellen with a bit of trepidation. Was Alana telling me the truth? Was she jealous? Those were questions for another time. Right now I was happy with Ellen.

We were heading east when Ellen turned and asked me, "Do you think Richards will leave me be?"

"I think it will be a long time before he even says hello to you." I answered.

I glanced over and saw a nasty smile come over her face. I returned my attention to the road. A couple of minutes later, I felt something moving across my thigh. I looked down and saw Ellen's hand creeping into my groin. 

She got to my zipper and lowered it, reaching in to my pants. Ellen freed my cock from the confines of my uniform pants. She started to slowly stroke my stiffening meat as I tried to maintain control of the truck. 

"I think my rescuer deserves a little thank you." Ellen chuckled.

She was able to get me rigid, then she let go of me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ellen taking off her uniform shirt and tossing it on the floor. Then came the bra, following the shirt on to the floor. I couldn't help but look over. Ellen's huge breasts were now unleashed and I nearly swerved into the guardrail. 

"Easy there stud." Ellen laughed. "You don't want us being found like this, by the troopers, do you?"

Ellen laid down across the bench seat and resumed stroking me. Her giant tits were within my reach, so reach I did. Steering with my left hand, I started squeezing and massaging Ellen's breasts, tweaking her nipples and thumbing the stiffening peaks. I heard her moaning along with myself. 

Suddenly Ellen turned on to her stomach. She scooched over a bit more on the seat, still pulling my rod. She leaned in to me and wrapped her supple lips around the head of my cock. Her tongue gliding out of her mouth to wriggle around the length of my pole. It was more and more difficult to keep control of the truck, as Ellen was giving me my reward blowjob. Suddenly I saw a sign ahead saying "Emergency Pull Off Area, ½ Mile Ahead". Other than the interesting name for it, I figured it was safer than trying to drive like this. 

Ellen started bobbing her head, bringing me in and out of her hot, wet mouth. I was praying I would make it to the area. I reached the ramp to the pull off area and turned onto it as Ellen started taking me all the way down her throat. She reached up and opened my pants, completely and started sliding them down. I lifted my ass off the seat to allow them to slide further. This resulted in my cock going deeper into her gullet. Ellen had learned a new trick. She started contracting the muscles in her throat. It felt just like her pussy when she came. 

I was sitting with my head thrown back, when she released my cock from her mouth. "I want some dick." She announced. "I want it right now."

She sat up, unbuckling her belt and opening her pants. She kicked her shoes off and pulled her pants and panties off, tossing them on the pile on the floor. She got up on the seat, and maneuvered around, until her head was up against the passenger side window and she was on all fours. I shifted until I was kneeling behind her beautiful ass. I had to keep my head bent down, but we fit. I manipulated my cock until it was at her dripping entrance.

"C'mon, fuck me. Shove that cock, deep inside of me." She begged. 

I slowly pushed forward, my pole sliding slowly into her. She was moaning as I pushed deep into her cunt. I started rocking in and out of her soaking wet tunnel as she pushed back against me. I started banging her as hard as I could, considering the limited space we had. She was starting to yell out "God, yes. Fuck me Johnny. Slam it into me. I'm so close." I gripped her ample hips and started pulling her back at me as I thrust in to her. She reached under herself and started pulling on her big clit. 

She screamed out "YEEEESSSSSSSS" as her cunt started squeezing me and pulsating. I felt her juices flowing out of her to the seat below. I started breathing heavy and Ellen asked me if I was ready to cum. "Mm - hmm" was all I could get out. 

"Go for it,, Johnny. Cum all over my fat ass." She ordered. "I want your spunk all over my ass."

I felt the cum rising in my and pulled out of her, I stroked my cock as the first ribbon of cum, shot out of me and landed on Ellen's butt. More and more white streamers shot out of my shaft and spattered her big, cushiony ass. It was running down her cheeks and mixing with her own juices. 

I collapsed onto her back, my stiff pole starting to soften. Ellen looked over her shoulder and winked at me. "This is only part of your thank you." She promised. "Wait till later." 

I looked around and luckily this was a somewhat secluded spot and traffic was sparse at that hour of the morning, heading our direction. I stepped out of the truck and pulled my clothes back up and got everything fastened. I looked through the cab of the pick-up and saw that Ellen was mostly dressed as well, she was tightening her belt. We got in the truck and she kissed me again. "Enjoying, so far?" 

All I could do was nod yes. I looked over and her panties and bra were still on the floor.I looked up at Ellen and her eyes looked at me as to say "What?" 

I pulled out of the parking area and got back on the parkway, headed for home.

We arrived back at the apartment about an hour later. Ellen gathered up her undies and I grabbed our "go" bags. We had a long weekend ahead of us. We had switched shifts with some of our co-workers, so we had 5 days off. Ellen didn't know it yet, but she wasn't the only one with a surprise for the other.

We went inside, showered with the requisite reciprocal molestation. We fell into bed, bare-assed naked and swiftly fell asleep. I found myself dreaming of Alana, my partner. But, not in a platonic way. In my dream, I got to work, one night. Alana was already there. Her's was the only car in the parking lot. I thought that a bit odd, since the evening shift should have the lot packed. I parked the truck and went in the station. I could see Alana through the office door, seated behind one of our desks. Something looked strange about her, but I couldn't put my finger on it. 

I went into the men's locker room and got dressed for duty. I came out and Alana hadn't moved from the desk, only now she was looking towards the ceiling and breathing a little fast. I walked into the office. Alana heard me, opened her eyes and smiled at me. She looked like she was drunk or high. I walked around the desk and then saw the reason for her look. She was sitting in her chair, naked from the waist down. Her legs were spread open, but under the desk. She looked up at me and said "Now I know what all the fuss is about with her." 

She rolled back a little from the desk and I saw long red hair filling her crotch. The hair was moving and Alana was shifting around in the chair. She reached down and grabbed a handful of hair and said "Come up for air, sweetie." She tugged lightly on the fist full of hair and Ellen's face appeared from between her legs. Her face was shiny and there were rivulets of liquid running down her chin. She also had a look on her face like she had been smoking something. 

Alana pushed her back down under the desk and Ellen resumed sucking her pussy. I looked at Alana and suddenly sat up in bed with a start. It was mid-afternoon and the sun was still peeking from through the blinds. I could hear Ellen stirring next to me as I fought to wake up, fully. I got out of bed and headed to the bathroom, with a huge hardon. A combination of the dream and an afternoon case of morning wood. After some calisthenics, I emptied my bladder and went back to the bedroom. By that time Ellen was waking up and had to use the facilities. I crawled back under the covers, determined to get a couple of more hours sleep. 

Ellen returned from using the bathroom and slipped in beside me, her head sliding naturally into the crook of my shoulder as I wrapped my arm around her. I kissed the top of her head. "Good afternoon, my love." I said.

She tilted her face to me and kissed me on the lips. "Good afternoon, to you too". "How you feeling?" She asked.

"Never better." I answered. "You never cease to amaze me." I told her.

"Who, little old me?" She squeaked.

"Man, blowing me while I'm driving and fucking my brains out, in the front of my truck, on the side of the road." I said. "So yeah, little old you."

"I told you I was going to take you places you've never been before, didn't I?"

She started running her fingernails over my stomach and nipping at my ear. All I could do was lie there and feel what she was doing to me. My erection was returning and suddenly I felt her tongue flickering in and around my ear. Her nails started moving down my belly into my groin. She discovered my hardening cock and started running her sharp nails along the underside. I could feel it getting harder with each pass. Her lips and tongue released my ear and she started to kiss her way down my neck. She paused every now and then to apply gently suction to my neck. 

She started to work her way down my chest, to my nipple. She flicked out her tongue and gently touched it. I felt an electric shock shoot straight to my groin as she sucked my nipple into her mouth, teasing it with her incredible tongue. 

My cock was jumping with every touch of her tongue. She wrapped her hand around it and started gently stroking it. She released my nipple and threw back the covers, her hand rubbing the head of my snake. She got that look on her face again, like in the truck. She reached behind her into the nightstand and pulled out a little squeeze bottle. She rolled back over, flipped open the top of the bottle and squeezed out a small amount onto the head of my prick. As she continued to stroke me, I felt her hand getting slicker.

Ellen then let go of me, laid back and pulled her legs wide and as far back as she could. I could see her pussy as it fluttered between her splayed out legs. Below that her tiny, tight, puckered asshole. It was moving in time with her pussy lips. She handed me the vial and told me "Fuck me again, Johnny, only this time I want you to put it in my ass." "I want that beautiful cock in my ass."

I squeezed out a few drops of the lubricant, on it my index finger. I started massaging it around the outside of her tight hole. I pushed my finger against the tight ring and slipped it in. I heard Ellen sigh, loudly, alas my finger travelled up her rectum until it was completely contained. I pulled back a bit and dropped a few more drops of lube on my fingers. When I re-inserted I slipped a second finger in, alongside the first. 

""Oh, I feel so full,, Johnny." She moaned

I told her, "If you think you feel full now, just wait."

I withdrew my fingers from her musky tunnel and knelt between her, stretched open, thighs. I let a few more drops of the glide, drip on to my, now, rock hard cock. I placed the head up against Ellen's backdoor and, with some assistance from my thumb, the head began to slip in. I immediately felt Ellen tighten up her little starfish. I continued applying steady pressure and Ellen, huffing and puffing, relaxed a bit. This allowed a bit more to slip inside. 

She looked up into my eyes and with a pleading look in hers told me "C'mon Johnny, just do it. Put that hard cock deep inside me."

I grabbed each of Ellen's thighs and holding them in place I thrust forward. I heard the muffled scream from Ellen, her fist in her mouth. I continued pushing forward until I felt my groin contact her stretched open bottom. With my pole now buried in her and tears flowing from her eyes, I held still until she was ready. I heard her hard breathing as it started to slow, the more her tight tunnel got used to the new invader. 

I felt her, slowly, start to move her hips, my cock sliding, ever so little in and out of her. I started pushing in and out, gently. I was steadily increasing the the length of my withdrawal, until only the head was left inside her. Then slowly I pushed myself back in to her. 

"Try a little harder Johnny, it doesn't hurt as much now."

I nodded and began to pick up the tempo a bit. Ellen was starting to rock back harder against me.

"Oh my God. I feel so full." She exclaimed. "You were right, your fingers were nothing compared to this."

I increased the speed a little more along with Ellen. It was now a nice slow fuck, but tight, like a virgin pussy. 

"Come on, fuck me!" She yelled out. "I'm not made of china!"

I grabbed her thick hips and held on as I started pistoning into her, hard. 

"God, this feels so good." She cried out, tears rolling down her cheeks. 

"Fuck my ass, baby. I want to feel you cum in my tight ass."

I heard her breathing getting faster and harder. She started bucking against me with an amazing amount of force. Suddenly, I felt her back channel tighten around my cock. I couldn't move my shaft from the tightness of her asshole 's grip. Ellen started rubbing her clit hard and fast. Suddenly her pussy erupted like a fountain, as her juices shot out of her, into the air. 

I heard her scream out as I felt the muscular sheath, in her ass, start pulsating. "Let it go, give me your hot cum, now." 

My balls decided to oblige her and I felt my seed racing to the head of my cock. It shot out deep in her bowels as she was laughing and weeping at the same time. Blast after blast emptied out of me and in to her. The movement of her colon, milking the last drop out of my sack. Both of our orgasms starting to wane, we started getting our breathing under control. I felt my cock starting to soften and slide out of her, still pulsing, asshole. Behind that came a few rivulets of cum, leaking out of her. 

I rolled over and moved up next to Ellen, holding her as she continued to come down from her climax high. 

Ellen stated, "Holy shit, my ass hurts." " Good thing we are off for a few, I might be able to walk by then.

Looking into her beautific face, I delivered the news. "I made us reservations for tomorrow morning at the Surfside Bed and Breakfast, for 3 nights." 

"You're just full of surprises, today, aren't you?"