 The continuing saga of Emergency Paramedics and their non-emergency adventures.

I woke up with the afternoon sun coming through the blinds. Looking downward, I saw the tops of Kelly and Ellen's heads resting on my chest. Their arms were draped across me and each other. I woke up, half expecting the events of the morning to have turned out to be a dream, I had never had any intentions to bang Kelly. She was my best friend. But the both of them lying there with me told me it had really happened. I could have laid there forever, but my bladder had other plans. I tried to move slowly, so as not to awaken the two beauties lying there with me. Yeah, that didn't work so well. As soon as I moved, Kelly's head poked up and she looked at me with admonishment, in her eyes. 

"I really don't believe we did that." She said.

"Believe me" I responded, "When this morning started, I never had any intention of sleeping with either of you." "Yeah, I've had the hots for Ellen for a while now, but I had no plan for this to happen." 

Kelly continued to look at me like I was a puppy that peed on the floor. I was a bit conflicted. I was basking in the knowledge that I had a threesome with these two gorgeous women, yet felt guilty about having screwed Kelly. 

From the other side of the bed we heard "Stop bitching. You loved it. I've never had someone explode in my face like that before." She said. "At least, not a woman."

Kelly maintained her disapproving look as I left the room for the bathroom. I continued to hear a muffled conversation from the bedroom, through the bathroom door. It didn't sound like Ellen was making any headway with Kelly. I left the bathroom and suggested that we get something for dinner, since we all had to go to work in a couple of hours. "We all need to shower and get ready. We can grab dinner at the restaurant, around the corner." I proposed. The ladies nodded in agreement.

I stepped into the shower, letting the hot water run over my sore muscles, one sore muscle in particular. Closing my eyes, I luxuriated in the shower. Suddenly the shower door opened and Ellen joined me. She wordlessly began soaping up a cloth and began washing my back. It felt so relaxing that when she decided to scrub off my cock, I jumped a bit. Her hands were so gentle as she soaped up my thickening shaft and my near empty balls. She finished and started to rinse me down with the shower head. As she soaked me, her hand was running gently along the length of my cock. Changing her grip, she wrapped her hand most of the way around me and started stroking me a bit harder.

I opened my eyes and looked down in time to see Ellen drop to her knees in the shower. She kissed the head of my dick and swirled her tongue over it. She began to lick along the length of it, like it was a Popsicle. She kissed the head and as she did, her mouth opened and she swallowed my entire length in one move. I braced my hands on the wall, behind me as she released me from her throat and started bobbing her head, taking me all the way in, till her nose was being tickled by my pubic hair, then sliding her mouth off until just the head was in her suctioning mouth. Speeding up, I leaned against the wall and put my hands on the back of Ellen's head. Holding her in place, I began pumping in and out of her hot, soft mouth. Ellen increases the suction in her mouth as I continued fucking her beautiful face. I feel my climax building in my gut. Ellen feels my balls tightening and takes me deep in her throat. The first shot of cum blasts into her gullet. She pulls my cock out of her mouth and aims the rest of my seed at her face, as she keeps pumping my shaft. She throws her head back as though reveling in the feeling of my cum raining down on her.

My balls finally drained, my cock starts to soften in her hands. The water flowing from the shower washing my jizz off of Ellen and down the drain. We finish cleaning up and leave the bathroom. Kelly goes in and in about 20 minutes is finished with her shower. We all get into our uniforms and go to dinner. 

Sitting in a booth, in the restaurant, our conversation turns to the events of the day. Kelly is still a bit upset about what happened. "We can't keep doing this." She tells us. "I was just so horny. I haven't gotten laid in over 6 months."

Ellen looks in her eyes and tells her "Look, we've all been in that condition lately. Till John fucked me this morning, it had been about a year since I'd been laid." "I'm sure it has been a while for John, as well."

"Truth be told, it had been about 2 years for me." I confessed. "After Marge and I split, I was fucking anything I could get horizontal." "Or to hold still, long enough." I caught the looks from Kelly and Ellen. "Don't worry, after I got sober, I got tested. I'm healthy." I saw the two of them visibly relax.

Ellen piped up with "Where does that leave us?"

I looked at her and responded "Look, I told you this morning that I was looking for a relationship, not just a bed partner." "If you're willing to give it a shot, so am I." I looked at Kelly and told her, " I love you for everything you've done for me, but I really care about Ellen and want to try this."

Kelly looked at their two of us and said, "Well, you are my two best friends as well and I want to see you happy." "Just remember that is my apartment. If you are staying there, I'm not giving up my bed." "Just don't think it's an open invite to a repeat of this morning." 

We paid the check and went each to our own garages. I got there a bit early, about 9:30 and started my usual paperwork before my shift, so I could get out on the road earlier than usual. It took about 2 hours, but it got done. I jumped in my department truck, locked up the station and went out. As I drove I kept replaying that mornings events, in my head. I remembered that Ellen usually got on the road around now, so I headed in the direction of her area, it wasn't far, only a couple of miles to her sector.

She must have had the same idea, because no sooner did I reach her area, than my cell rang. It was Ellen. "Hey Johnny, where are you?" She asked. I knew full well that she could pull up my location on the computer in her truck, same as I could.

"Oh, just floating around. Bored." I answered.

"Want to meet up somewhere and talk?" "I think we need to set some ground rules for work."

I agreed and we decided to meet in a parking lot near her station. It was somewhat secluded. The ambulance crews would sometimes park there on the overnight to catch some sleep, if it was slow. I pulled into the lot and saw Ellen's truck on the far side. She was already out and standing next to it. I parked my truck next to hers, facing the opposite direction so our driver's sides were facing each other.

"How you feeling" Ellen asked me, with a giggle in her voice.

"Not too bad, all things considered. A little tired and sore, though I can't imagine why."

I jumped out of my truck, took Ellen's head in my hands and kissed her softly. I felt her mouth open and I slid my tongue in between her sweet lips. It met hers and danced around for a bit and I withdrew it into my mouth. 

"We really need to lay down some rules for this relationship, especially as pertains to work." Ellen insisted.

"Ok" I answered, "You're right. We do need some type of discretion when it comes to work." "What do you suggest?" I asked.

"Well, without a doubt, no kissing, rubbing, and especially, no sex, when we are at work."

"Ok." I agreed. "Only at the stations, or does that apply to everywhere?"

Ellen got a quizzical look on her face when I asked that. "Definitely at the stations and out in the public eye, on duty. The rest we'll play by ear. After all, I am a bit adventurous." 

I advanced to Ellen and took her in my arms. I bent to kiss her as my hands slid down to her ample butt. I began to massage it through her pants. Her arms went around my neck and I felt her breath quicken. "See, this is what I mean." She gasped. "We're out here in public and mmppphhhh."

The end of her complaint was cut off by my lips ravaging her's and my tongue snaking into her mouth. I turned her with her back toward her truck and moved her toward the rear door. I opened the door and helped her to climb, backwards, into the rear seat, my lips solidly planted on hers. My hands moved to her uniform shirt as I started to unbutton it.

"We're outside." She whimpered. "Someone could catch us."

"Who? It's 12:30 in the morning."

By this time, I had her shirt open and had my hands on her magnificent tits. She was wearing a half-cup bra, so her 1 inch long nipples were already out for the tasting. I lowered my head and sucked one of them into my mouth. Ellen threw her head back and inhaled sharply. My fingers gripped her other nipple, tugging and running my thumb across it. I caressed her nipple with my tongue and gently scraped my teeth along its growing length. 

"Oh my God, that feels so good" she exclaimed. 

My hands slid down her generous tummy to her pants. Fumbling for her belt, I managed to release it, unbutton her pants and lower her zipper. I lifted her further in to the back of the truck and began to tug her pants down. She lifted her abundant ass off the seat to allow me to pull them to her ankles. She was wearing a pair of powder blue bikini panties with a silk ruffle around the leg openings. I could see the wetness in the crotch of her panties and sense the musky aroma coming from her pussy. I began to take her panties down when she stopped me. I looked up and she was shaking her head. Instead she reached down and pulled them to the side, exposing her saturated slit to the night air. I bent to access her puss and ran my tongue from the area between her lips and her tight brown pucker up to her inch long clitoris. 

I felt her shudder as my tongue plunged into her sweet tunnel. She lifted her hips up, trying to get my tongue deeper into her. I continued tongue-fucking her as I started to rub her swollen clit with my thumb. She reached down and grabbed my hair to try and pull me into her throbbing cunt. 

While I was keeping Ellen busy with my thumb and tongue, her hips bucking like a rodeo bronco, I dipped the index finger of my other hand into her dripping juice. I gently pressed it against her tight backdoor. I felt her body stiffen and then her tight knot relaxed and my finger slipped in to her rear passage. As my finger went deeper into her, Ellen began to convulse with the intensity of her climax. The liquid that had been dripping out of her, suddenly burst from her, bathing my lower face in her nectar. I clamped my mouth over her opening, so as not to spill a drop and continued drilling my tongue into her. 

I felt Ellen continue to writhe in the backseat as wave after wave of pleasure battered her womb. Suddenly her thighs clamped tightly around my head, like a vise. I heard her panting and gasping, "No more, no more." 

I stood up and started to scoop her juices that were still on my lower face and lap them off my fingers. Ellen laid there in the truck, regaining control of her body. She looked at me with a distant look in her eyes. All she kept repeating, in a whispering voice, was "Wow." She started returning to normal and I helped her out of the truck into a semi-standing position. She was leaning back against the vehicle for support. I reached down to help her pull up her pants and she effectively blocked them from sliding up her legs. 

Still breathing heavily, she reached down to unbuckle my belt and open my pants. My cock was compressed so tightly in them, that it sprang free as she opened my zipper. She held my fully erect member and started to slowly stroke it. "Seems like you owe me a little fluid replacement after what you drained out of me" she joked. She moved back to the open rear door of the truck, turned and bent at the waist. "C'mon, do it. I want your cock right here, right now. Fuck me!!" 

Not needing any further encouragement, I stepped behind her and, with one swift thrust, buried myself deep in her saturated hole. A noise came out of Ellen that was somewhere between a groan and a yell. I grabbed her wide hips to keep from knocking her over with my enthusiasm. I started to hammer my cock into her as I felt her vaginal canal undulating and squeezing my pole. I felt her start to convulse in orgasm again and I let my own release shoot deep into her belly. Feeling my cock jumping deep in her womb set off another explosion in Ellen. 

As my load finished pumping into her, I leaned against Ellen, my softening pole slipped out of her. A dollop of our combined broth dripped out her, falling to the gravel of the parking lot. I reached down and pulled her and my pants up. As I straightened up, I leaned over her and whispered in her ear, "So, this Is definitely not allowed at work, right?" 

Ellen broke up laughing and said, "Right, this is a no-no." We finished dressing and kissed. She could taste herself on my lips. "You better rinse off before you do the tour handoff. You don't need my scent floating around the office." "When you get off duty, just come to my apartment. I would like someone next to me after all this time." I kissed her once more and told her I would see her at home, in a couple of hours. 

(To be continued)