 I started my drive out to Ellen's place. All the way I was replaying the events of the morning in my head. I was feeling a little guilty about screwing Jesse so soon after starting with Ellen, but what she didn't know wouldn't hurt us. I just hoped that I made it to her apartment first, so I could shower and get the scent of pussy off me.

I got to Ellen's apartment and, luckily, she wasn't there yet. I parked, grabbed my bag went inside and found her key under the mat. I went in to her apartment and made a beeline for the shower. I stripped off my uniform and got under the hot water. I was soaping up when I heard Ellen call out my name. 

"I'm in the shower, hon." I called back.

"Oh, couldn't wait for me, huh?" She said as she walked into the bathroom. She was already naked and tossed her uniform over with mine. I felt her step into the shower with me and I turned to face her. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her deeply. 

"Welcome home, angel. How was the rest of your night?"

"One other call." She said. "A crew with a refusal. How about you?"

"Not bad, I caught a nap behind that burger joint over on Fifth. For some reason, I was a bit tired." 

Ellen giggled. She turned around, with her incredible ass facing me. "Do my back, lover."

I soaped up the scrubbie and started to wash her down. Touching her soft, smooth skin was causing my cock to begin to stir. I draped my arms around her from behind and pulled her to me. I caught the scent of perfume as I kissed her neck. She turned her head and began to move to my lips.

I let my lips drift towards hers. I kissed her deeply and I felt her lips part, letting my tongue slip into her mouth. I dropped the scrubbie and let my hands drift to her wonderful breasts. I cupped underneath and lifted them, feeling the weight of them. I ran my thumbs over her nipples, feeling them stiffen and grow. 

My cock began to stiffen and slide between the cheeks of her butt. As she felt it growing and hardening, she began to push her body back against me, my stiffness being enveloped by her fleshy pillows. She started sliding her ass up and down my cock, getting it harder by the second. I let one hand slip down between her thighs. She responded by opening her stance, spreading her legs to give me access. 

I began rubbing my fingers against her stiffening "bud" and I heard her sudden intake of air. She moaned and whispered "Yes, yes." Her hands moved up and took over stimulating her erect nipples, freeing my hand to join the other at her pussy. I inserted two fingers deep into her pussy. Her legs momentarily failed her almost taking us both over in the shower. She quickly recovered and turned her body to me, kissing me hard. 

"Let's get out and go finish this somewhere more comfortable." Ellen suggested.

I nodded and turned off the water. We stepped out and took our time drying each other off, enjoying each other's touch. The roughness of the towels, on our more "sensitive" areas, caused various parts to get even more stiff. We kissed deeply, again.

I bent over to pick up our clothes and felt a finger running through my ass-crack and press against my virgin pucker. I gave an involuntary shudder and my hole tightened more than normal.. 

"Oh, that's interesting." Ellen remarked. "A bit shy and protective back there, are we?"

I stood up, a bit quicker than expected, trapping her fingers. "Hey, you would think you were enjoying this."

I loosened my grip on her digits and she withdrew them. She spun me around and told me "Look, if we are going to be together, you will need to lighten up." "I'm in to more than a few offbeat diversions. You saw that yesterday morning."

"I know that you don't exactly march to the same drummer as most others." I answered. "That was one of the things that attracted me to you. You think all of your conversations went unheard, when you worked for me?" "I'm more than willing to try new things, just let me get there at my speed."

"Ok." She said, "We'll take it slow." "But, understand that I'm going to take you places you never went before. Some would consider it deviance." "I consider it expanding your horizons."

I kissed Ellen, all the while, wondering what I'd gotten myself into. "I'm 54 years old. Am I really going to go down this road?" I looked over at Ellen, standing there, completely naked, and answered my own question. "Hell yes."

I bent over, again to retrieve the laundry. Ellen realized that I had come to a decision and stepped over to me, lightly massaging my ass. I felt her fingers slide between my cheeks, again. She once again pressed her finger against my asshole. I initially tightened up, but slowly relaxed and allowed her finger to slip into me. I felt my cock quickly getting erect due to her fingering my rectum. I was actually beginning to enjoy it and involuntarily groaned.

"Oh, my little pet likes this, huh?" Ellen asked.

"Mm-hm." I responded.

"No, the proper response is "Yes Mistress", my pet. Do you understand." She pushed deeper into me as an emphasis.

"Yes Mistress, your pet is enjoying this." 

She kept fucking her finger in and out of me and I started rubbing my hard prick. 

"No, no." Ellen commanded. "Not yet." "Go lie down in the bedroom." 

She withdrew her finger from my colon and went to the hamper with the laundry. I did as I was told and went to the bedroom. The bed was already turned down. Ellen must have done it when she first came in. 

I laid down, looking at the doorway. I was awaiting Ellen's return with a bit of trepidation. I heard her walking down the hallway. As she turned the corner into the bedroom, I saw she had something in her hand. She was still stark naked. As she climbed into the bed, I reached for her.

"Uh-uh." She said, "Not just yet." She held up her hand and I recognized what she was holding. It was a small dildo/vibrator, about 7 inches long and a half inch wide. "You're going to sit and watch me get off, then we'll work on you."

"Yes Mistress." I responded.

Ellen sat on the bed across from me and splayed her legs open wider than I had ever seen a woman spread. She saw the look on my face and informed me that despite her size and weight, she was very flexible. She reached between her thighs and spread open her outer pussy lips. I could see the drops of fluid seeping out of her pink slit. 

She turned the vibrator on and left it on its lowest setting. I watched her circling the outside of her swollen lips, teasing herself. I could see her fat clit poking out from its hood, looking like a tiny penis. Ellen started to stimulate her clit with the tiny vibrator. I could hear her breathing coming in gasps. She inserted the dildo into her, now, dripping pussy and started fucking it in and out, keeping it pressed up against her engorged clit. Suddenly, Ellen threw her head back and yelled out, as her orgasm exploded deep inside her. I watched as whitish fluids pumped out of her slit. 

My cock was rock hard after watching Ellen masturbate. I was wondering what she had in store for me. Did she want me to jerk off for her? Was she going to jerk me off, blow me? 

After coming down from her climax, Ellen looked over at me.

"Ok, big boy. She said. "Now it's your turn."

I admit, I was a bit intimidated by Ellen. I had no idea she was into the whole Dom/Sub thing. Not that I minded. I actually enjoy when a woman takes control. 

"Well, you seem to have a fixation on my tits." She noted. "How would you like to fuck my big tits, John?"

I swallowed. "Of course I would, mistress." I answered.

"Then get that cock over here." She commanded.

I scuttled across the bed to Ellen, kneeling in front of her. She was laying on the bed, on her back. She reached out and tugged at my cock trying to get it into her mouth. I moved closer and she slid it deep into her throat, in one gulp. I could feel her tongue dancing all across my shaft. After a couple of minutes, she released my cock from her throat. 

"That seems to be sufficiently lubricated, now fuck my titties."

I straddled Ellen's lower rib cage and laid my manhood between her massive breasts. I pressed it down into her valley and Ellen hefted both her tits up to squeeze around me. 

"Come on,". She pleaded. "Do it."

I started to stroke my shaft through the pussy formed in Ellen's cleavage. Each forward stroke pushed my glans up against her lips. As I continued screwing her tits, Ellen opened her gorgeous lips and would take me into her mouth on every stroke. The sensation of the friction of her tit-flesh on my pole along with Ellen's oral talents soon had me at the threshold.

"I'm gonna cum." I informed Ellen.

She told me "Go ahead and cum." "I haven't had a facial in a long time."

This along with everything else, sent me over the edge. As I started to groan, I felt something probing my asshole. 

"Relax." Ellen ordered. Do you trust me?"

I relaxed my sphincter and felt something stiff slide into my rectum. I suddenly felt a heavy vibration deep inside me and my climax blasted out. It was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. My first shot landed on Ellen's forehead and in her hair. My subsequent loads landed on her face and neck. It felt like I would never stop cumming. Ellen kept moving the vibrator in and out of my ass, basically fucking me with it. She was twisting and moving it side to side as she moved it in and out. The feeling was so intense, it was unbelievable. 

As my blasts reduced to a dribble, I felt my cock softening. It still laid in between her magnificent tits. Ellen started to scoop my seed off her face and neck, with her fingers and licked them clean. I had never cum like that before. I felt completely drained. 

I slipped off of Ellen and laid by her side. She turned over and kissed me. I I could taste my seed on her, salty and sweet at the same time. We fell asleep, exhausted, in each other's arms.

I awoke around five p.m. with the dusk starting to fall. The streetlights were beginning to come on as I rolled out of bed. Ellen mumbled something in her sleep and rolled away from me. I Sat on the side of the bed and stared at her for a while, bathed in the glow coming through the window. I couldn't believe I was actually with this woman. Ellen reached across the bed and not finding me next to her, groggily lifted her head. She looked over at me, sitting there admiring her and, with a quizzical look, asked "What?"

Still staring at her, I told her "I just can't believe how lucky I am." 

Still half asleep, she asked "What do you mean?"

"I finally have the woman that I have wanted for years."

"Oh, really? How badly?" She asked.

"I had been working up the courage to ask you out when you called me." I told her. "You are so beautiful, I didn't think I had a chance." "When you told me that you didn't have a boyfriend, I was happy as hell."

"I just wish it had been sooner." Ellen said. "Just think of all the time we missed because of H.R.s rules about supervisors and subordinates." 

"Well, we're together now, that's all that matters." I remarked, as I leaned over to kiss her. 

Our lips finally parting, Ellen asked me what time it was. I told her about 5:30. She rolled out of bed and padded to the bathroom. She went in, leaving the door open. I heard her piss hitting the water as she asked "Got any plans for the weekend?" "After all, we're on the same schedule."

"I hadn't thought that far ahead, so no, I have nothing going this weekend." I told her.

"Think about it." She said. "Maybe we can get away for a couple of days."

I heard the toilet flush and I heard the shower start up. I realized I needed one too, before work tonight. I went into the bathroom and Ellen was standing there getting ready to get in the, now hot, shower. I walked up and put my arms around her from behind. "I know it's only been a couple of days," I said, "but I am extremely happy when I'm with you.."

"I'm very happy too." Ellen answered. "I don't know where we are going, but I like where we are right now."

Being an ass, I asked, "What, in the bathroom?"

Ellen pinched my nipple hard, in response to my teasing question. "Let's go, jackass. Let's get cleaned up, dressed and go to work."

We got in the shower and washed off, with a little bit of grabass while we were in there. We went in the bedroom and started getting dressed. I watched Ellen putting on her uniform and found myself getting hornier by the minute. She looked over at me, still in my briefs, and shook her head. "You're worse than a fucking teenager." "Do you ever not have a hardon?"

"Not when I'm around you. Just being with you keeps me nearly perpetually hard."

"Well, keep yourself under control. We have to go to work."

We finished putting on our uniforms, locked up the apartment and started walking out of the building. Ellen stopped me and handed me a small box, like you would put a neck chain in. I took it from her and looked at her quizzically. 

"Open it."

I opened the box and inside was a key. That's when Ellen told me "It's the spare key. I don't need to hide it anymore. I want you to keep it."

I kissed Ellen and she wrapped her arms around my neck. "Come on" I told her. "Let's go get some dinner before work.

As we sat, eating at this little Italian place out where we both lived, I asked Ellen what attracted me to her in the first place. It wasn't like I was anywhere close to an Adonis. I was a 54 year old divorcee, overweight and a recovering alcoholic. Ellen was incredible, about 5'2" with waist length red hair and the face of a goddess. She was a bit heavy at 250 lbs, but she looked amazing in her uniform. 

She said "In all honesty, it was two things, your looks and the nature of your personality."

I told her that it was the same thing that drew me to her. She shook her head. "I really am sorry we waited." She said. "These last two days have been great." 

I agreed with her. Unfortunately, it was time to get going and this conversation would have to hold off for another time.

We had left Ellen's car back out at the apartment, so I drove in. I dropped her at her station about am hour later. As she got out of the truck, she turned and kissed me, not a friendly peck on the cheek, but a full on, tonsil washing, kiss. So much for being discrete.

"Just a little to keep you anticipating." She tossed over her shoulder as she hopped down.

I got to my station about 20 minutes early. I went inside and found Lieutenant Lester finishing up her log entries and Lieutenant Dolan sitting at the other desk, with the field radios. I nodded to both ladies and went to the locker room. I went to my locker and finished straightening out my uniform. Silver bars pinned to the collar, my shoulder length hair put up in a ponytail and I was ready to go. I went to the office and took a look at the schedule. My partner Alana was back from vacation. That meant no more doing both office and field patrol, now it was one or the other.

Alana was an awesome paramedic and partner. She knew as much about me as Kelly did. I was standing there, going over the schedule when I felt someone tickling my neck. I turned to see Alana standing there. She was about 45 years old with blonde hair that she was allowing to go gray. Most striking was her tan. She looked like a bronze statue. We hugged each other hello and She said "I need to talk to you later." 

I nodded and went over to Lester to get a briefing on station operations. Alana went and took the equipment from Dolan and went out to the truck. I got into my work day as crews were coming in and going home. All equipment had to be accounted for, payroll issues had to be handled and so forth. Around 2 a.m. everything calmed down, all units were either in service or done for the day. All the administrative work was complete. Now I could relax a bit. I got up and checked the doors, started shutting off the lights and went into the combination kitchen/lounge area. I shut the lights off, set the alarm on my phone and sat on the couch to watch some TV.

I must have fallen asleep, because I was having a great dream. I could feel a moist pair of lips sliding up and down my cock. I was enjoying my dream, when something hit my brain and woke me right up. I looked down and saw a pile of flaming red hair over my crotch and could still feel the lips. I touched the hair. The lips released me and Ellen looked up at me.

"Good morning sleepy head." She joked, as her hand took over stroking me to erection. 

"Are you crazy?" I asked. " What if someone came in?" 

"You want me to stop?"

"Absolutely not." I answered.

Ellen began running her tongue along the length of my cock. I sat back on the couch and just enjoyed the sensations. Her tongue flickering along the trail, until she reached the head. She kissed the swollen mushroom and devoured my entire shaft until her nose was touching my groin. She pulled back, leaving just the glans in her mouth. She settled into a steady rhythm, she was bobbing her head, my pole sliding in and out of her hot, wet mouth. She was varying the amount of suction she was applying. Her right hand was wrapped around the base pumping away as her other was massaging my scrotum. I reached down and put my hand on the back of her head, applying slight pressure. She knew what I wanted and started swallowing me into her throat with each stroke. 

Suddenly, she released me from her throat and stood up. I looked at her, perplexed. "Don't worry, we're not quite done yet." She informed me.

As I sat there, she kicked off her boots, opened her pants and in one move pulled them and her panties off. She knelt on the couch, facing me. She planted her knees on either side of my legs and shimmied up until my prick was trapped between us. She picked her hips up and maneuvered me to the entrance of her hot pussy. She set me inside her lips and dropped down, enveloping my cock in her moist tunnel. She started moving on me, grinding her cunt into my pelvis. She was riding me for all she was worth. I heard her breaths coming in small gasps and I could feel her juices starting to drip down my cock. 

Ellen started to buck on me as her climax approached. I could feel her walls begin gripping me as they started rhythmically milking me. She let out a low groan as she came, a gush of fluid running down and on to the couch. She sat motionless on my lap, as her orgasm started to abate. She got up off me and stepped away from the couch. 

"C'mon," she said, "take me from behind." 

Ellen went to the end of the couch and bent over the arm. I stepped behind her and aimed my cock at her still dripping, lips. I ran the head through them, thoroughly soaking my shaft. I slid my fingers into the cum and then pressed one against her tight asshole. I pressed in and after a hesitation, she relaxed and allowed it to slide in. Ellen moaned loudly as my finer entered her up to my knuckle. Meanwhile, I slid my rock hard cock into her pussy. I pushed in as deep as possible, until I felt the ring of her cervix on the head. She started wailing and begging me to fuck her hard. With my finger buried deep in her rectum, I began pummeling Ellen's love channel. 

"Oh God, harder. Fuck me harder."

I was slamming into her so hard that the couch was moving. I could feel my seed start boiling up and a loud grunt came from me as I started to send ribbon after ribbon of cum deep into her womb. As I continued blasting into her, Ellen cried out and I felt her start to orgasm again. I could feel her tight ass pulsing around my finger as she came. 

Spent, I leaned over her bent frame and kissed the back of her neck. 

I heard a gasp and turned toward the door, Alana stood there in total disbelief of what she was witnessing. She turned and headed toward the office. I removed myself from Ellen and quickly got dressed. I ran out of the lounge to see Alana sitting in the office, crying.
