 I got back to the station, with about 2 hours left in my shift. I was feeling pissed at Ellen, because of what I witnessed. I was contemplating how our conversation was going to go, this morning. Then it struck me that I was being a fucking hypocrite. I walked in on her banging two EMTs from my station, about half an hour after I had been doing the same. 

I got everything ready for the morning shift change and took a walk around the station, checking security. Everything was locked up and all the trucks were still there. I went back in my office to wait for my relief. I switched my computer over to YouTube and wasted some time watching music videos.

Soon, I heard the back door to the station open and two voices coming toward me. Finally, the day shift was here. Today, it was Diane Lane and Eric Hanson. Eric was a new supervisor, about 27 years old, still trying to get his footing. A month and a half ago, he was a medic working the ambulance, now he's overseeing some of the same people he worked with. Diane was 40 and the mother of 2 young kids. She had been a boss for 10 years and was married to a Captain. 

They walked into the office and Diane asked me "What's this, you were solo again, last night?"

I nodded and she shook her head in disbelief. "This is getting ridiculous."

I turned over the station to Diane and brought her up to speed on what was going on and started to head for home. I still didn't know what I was going to say to Ellen. I was angry, even though I had no right to be. 

I drove home, hoping the trip would clear my head. It didn't help and I pulled into the parking lot, at Ellen's. I got out of the truck and went into the apartment. Ellen was sitting at the table. The same one that she had so recently occupied on her back. She was wearing a robe and, I suspected, little else. Her eyes were red, like she had been crying. 

I sat in the chair, across from her. She looked up at me and with her lip quivering said "John, I am so sorry."

I looked in her eyes and asked her "Why?"

She said "I don't know. I know both of them from the station and it was spur of the moment. I was horny as hell and they sit closest to here, so it wouldn't raise any flags, if they were here."

"If you wanted a threesome, all you had to do was tell me. I could have accommodated you."

Ellen looked at me, stunned.

"Look, I love you, but I want you to be happy. Take a few days and decide where you want this relationship to go." "I'm going to stay at my apartment until you decide."

I left and got in my truck. As I looked back, I saw that Ellen was looking out the window. I could see her shoulders shaking. I pulled out of the parking lot and headed east. About 45 minutes later, I parked across from my apartment, got out and went inside. I entered the apartment and made a beeline for the kitchen. The coffee maker was powered on and the reservoir was filled. I popped a pod into the machine and started it up. Suddenly, I felt hands slide around my waist and a rather large set of breasts press against my back. I turned around to find Janice standing there in a sheer negligee and nothing else. 

"Hey boss. What are you doing here?" She asked.

"Long story. I just want to have my coffee and crash."

"Well, I've got time, if you want to unload."

I sat at the table and told Janice about stopping at Ellen's and finding her getting DPed on the table. When I was done with the tale, I looked at Janice and she was shaking with laughter.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"Considering that, about an hour before you caught her, you had your cock buried in my twat and were blowing your load all over Jess's face, I think you're being a bit hypocritical."

"I know, but to walk in to our apartment, our home and see that..."

"You feel betrayed." Janice observed. "You feel like she disrespected you and your home."

"I guess you're right." I agreed as I leaned over and kissed her. "I'm beat. I'm going to bed."

"Goodnight, boss."

I laughed and told Janice, "Considering I had my cock buried in you and had it down Jess' throat, I think we can drop the boss crap."

"Ok, Goodnight John."

"Good night Janice."

I went into my bedroom, stripped down to my shorts and crawled into bed. I was asleep, in no time. I woke up, in a couple of hours, to the sun streaming through my window. The reason that I woke up, after such little sleep, was immediately obvious. As soon as I opened my eyes, I saw Jess, kneeling on the bed, between my feet and my cock was engulfed in her mouth.

"Good morning." I joked. 

All I got back was a muffled sound, as she continued. I watched, as her head bobbed, with my hard cock, sliding in and out of her suctioning mouth. I laid there, watching the magnificent globes of her ass, as she continued servicing me. I watched as she took more and more of me into her throat. 

"Is this the start of my 48 hours?" I asked.

I heard, what sounded like, "mm hm", escape her busy mouth.

I pried her loose from my stiff dick and pulled her up to me. I flipped her over in my arms, so that she was under me. I attacked her lips with mine, forcing my tongue down her throat. She responded by sucking on my tongue and wrapping her arms around my neck. 

I moved down, my tongue tracing down, as I nibbled and sucked on her smooth neck. Leaving a damp trail, I returned to her lips. I took one in my teeth, nipping it teasingly. She moaned from the slight pain. Now it was her turn to pull me closer and thrust her tongue into my mouth. It danced around with mine, until I pulled away. 

I moved further down her incredible body, reaching the level of her breasts. They were much smaller than either Ellen's or Kelly's, about a 32B, but beautiful, nonetheless. I kissed my way in between them, as I cupped each breast, gently massaging them. I ran my thumbs over her nipples, watching them grow. Leaning down I took one in my mouth, suckling and licking her stiff nipple. I heard her moan and her hands pulled me down on to her breast. I took hold of her nipple with my teeth, gently pulling it and letting it slide out. I turned my attention to her other tit, giving it the same treatment. 

I continued kissing down her tight belly. The lower that I got, the more I could smell the musky aroma, emanating from between her thighs. It was intoxicating. I continued down her incredible body until I reached her nicely trimmed pussy. I pushed her legs open and dove in. I spread her moist pink lips open and drove my tongue deep into her damp tunnel. I heard a muffled scream from above me. My tongue continued boring into her. I could taste her juices as they started to flow. Her fingers intertwined with my hair, as she tried to pull my tongue deeper into her pussy. Jess' hips were bucking and suddenly she let out a muffled scream as her orgasm took hold of her. Her thighs clamped tightly onto my head, holding it in place, as her juices flowed out of her and coated my tongue and lower face.

Finally, Jess released my head and I moved back up, next to her. She reached down and took hold of my stiff cock.

"What are we going to do about this?" She asked. 

"I have a few ideas about that." I answered.

I shifted, until I was between Jess' legs. She spread them open, inviting me in. I put the head of my cock against her, still dripping, pussy, wrapped my arms around her thighs and slid my hardness deep inside her. Her eyes opened wide and I heard her groan as I filled her cunt. I began pumping into her with all the energy I could muster. I could feel more of her juices leaking out with every thrust, dripping off my balls and running down between her ass cheeks. 

"Fuck me, Johnny. FUCK ME." Jess screamed, as I felt her tunnel undulating around my shaft.

I continued hammering into Jess and she continued whimpering. I felt my own climax building and I let out a loud moan. 

"No, not inside me, not this time!" Jess yelled.

As I felt my seed rising, I pulled out of Jess. The first ribbon of white, sticky cum, flew out of me and landed between her perky tits. I continued stroking my cock and more jism shot out, leaving a trail down her belly, to her pussy. 

Sated, I roll off Jess and slide up next to her, on the bed. She wiped off the cum on her body and settled into the crook of my shoulder. We both fell off to sleep, rather quickly. 

The alarm went off at 6 and that meant time to get ready for the night shift. Jess was still asleep, her arm draped over me. She and Janice were off tonight, having recently moved over to the overnight shift, they changed their work schedule. I slipped out from under her arm and padded to the shower. I finished up, got dressed, kissed Jess and headed into the city. It was pouring rain, so I knew the trip was going to suck. I was right.

I got to the station about 20 minutes early, went in and got into uniform. I walked into the office and Alana was already there, sitting at the desk. She looked up as I entered and blew me a kiss. 

"How you doing, John?"

"Good. How come you're here this early?"

"Came in for overtime on evening shift." She said. "But I'm still with you on the overnight."

"OK, I'm guessing you want to stay in the office, overnight?"

"Yeah, if it's alright with you."

"No problem. Doesn't make a difference to me."

"Thanks. I'll buy the coffee later."

I grabbed my gear bag, threw it in the truck, that the evening shift had just returned. Jumped in and headed out on the road. Almost as soon as I notified the dispatcher that I was available, I got "10-4 Lieutenant, I'm going to need you for a Cardiac call."

"10-4, enroute."

I went to the call, helped out the Medic crew and sent them on their way to the hospital. I put myself back available and started heading to the convenience store. I stopped there, picked up coffee for Alana and myself and headed back to the station. By the time I got there, it was a full-on downpour. I grabbed the coffee, jumped out of the truck and ran for the door. I was still drenched by the time I got inside.

The station was quiet and most of the lights were off. Alana was sitting at the desk, bathed in the glow of the computer screen. She was in night mode. Her uniform shirt was open and untucked, her white tee shirt the only thing covering, what I remember as, a great body. Her hair was out, falling nearly to her waist. Her hair was normally tightly curled, but the weather had it especially uncontrolled. 

I fell into the chair opposite her. 

"What's the matter, Johnny?" She asked.

"I'm just tired, hon. Its been a long week."

"Wanna try again? I know when you're tired. This isn't tired."

I looked Alana in the eyes and knew I couldn't keep it in. I told her about what happened with Ellen, catching her with the two EMTs spit roasting her on the table.

"John, I don't want to be that person, but I told you."

"I know you did. You weren't the only one." I told her "Kelly warned me too."

"So, what now?" Alana asked.

"I don't know. I told her to take a couple of days and let me know what she wanted to do, but, I think its over."

"I don't want to seem like a vulture or that I'm wishing you anything bad, but if it doesn't work out, I already told you how I feel about you."

I looked at her. "I can't believe we worked together all that time, and you never told me."

Alana got out of her chair and walked across the dark office towards me. She straddled my legs and sank down to sit on my thighs. Her arms went around my neck and pulled me to her lips, mashing her own into mine hard. My arms went around her abdomen, to her back, my hands sliding up under her uniform shirt. 

She reached down and started unbuttoning my uniform shirt. She released my lips long enough to ask me "Is that all you want?"

I reached back down and pulled her tee shirt out of her pants and pulled both shirts over her head. Alana was sitting there wearing only a bra. She returned the favor by pulling off my shirts. I reached around and removed her bra. She slid it down her arms and tossed it to the side. She reached further down and undid my belt and pants, pulling them down far enough to release my, already stiffening, cock.

"MMM, that's nice."

She took me in her hands and started stroking me, gently. I felt my cock stiffening in her hands. She started sliding off me, onto the floor. Kneeling between my legs, Alana took the head of my cock in her warm, moist mouth. I felt her tongue swirling around it. Her lips sank lower and lower, until half my dick was in her mouth. She began bobbing her head up and down, my cock sliding in and out of her mouth. Releasing me, she ran her tongue along the length of my hardness.

She released my cock from her suctioning mouth and wrapped her soft pillows around me. She began sliding them along my shaft. I leaned back in my chair, raising my hips to meet her strokes. We started moving faster, thrusting into her makeshift pussy. I felt my balls tighten and my seed start moving up. My cock jumped and the first shot of sticky cum flew inti Alana's hair and across her face. She continued stroking her tits along me as I kept adding to the goo flying across her face. Finally spent, she popped my cock back in her mouth and used her tongue to clean up any spillage. I looked at my partner and the sight of her, with my cum starting to ooze down her face, was a definite turn-on. 

Alana stood up and picked up her uniform and bra. She was scooping up my jizz from her cheeks and chin and sucking it off her gooey fingers. She turned back to me and told me, "That was yummy. I'm going to clean up. Hold down the fort."