 I woke up the next morning, still holding Ellen. Sometime during the night, she had rolled on her back. Looking down, I could see that she had kicked the cover off. Her naked frame exposed. I start running my hands over her soft flesh. She begins to stir. Her eyes open, and she looks at me.

"Good morning, my love." I greet her with.

"Morning to you too." "So what other surprises do you have planned for me?"

"Nothing too strenuous." "We still have to go back to work, on Monday." "It won't do to have two officers, from neighboring stations, walking funny, after their days off."

Ellen agreed. It would definitely put up some red flags. Besides, her ass and pussy were both sore after the workout they got, over the past couple of days. We decided that today would be rest and recuperate. We relax in our room exploring each others bodies with kisses and gentle touches. We take breaks for meals. Darkness falls and we finally fall asleep, my cock in Ellen's hand, her ass in mine. 

Dawn breaks and so does the realization that our weekend is over and we had to go back to real life. We pack our clothes, leftover toys and toiletries. We load the truck, and take our leave of our hosts. Back in the truck and over the trails until we get to the main road. Two hours later and we're at our place. We go in, just drop our bags and lay down. Both of us are on duty, tonight.

I arrive at my station about ½ hour early. Alana is in the office, finishing off her paperwork. 

"Hey you." She greets me. "You want to go over to Station 4 and work?" Apparently this weekend was too much and Ellen had called out sick.

"Nah, you go, I have a lot to catch up on, here." "I know I owe you for this weekend."

"No you don't. I had a good time." "I haven't gotten laid in a while and Ellen can eat pussy, like there's no tomorrow." "In fact, I wouldn't be opposed to a repeat."

I file that bit of info in the back of my mind. Alana gave me the report and, since no one was around, kissed me good night. I sat down and started my shift paperwork. When I opened up my file on the station computer, I noticed that I had email. I opened it and saw it was from Jess. I started reading and it was a laundry list of what she wanted to do to me and have me do to her. My cock was hardening just reading it. Another was from Janice. In it, she tells me that for being nice enough to not write them up for using their ambulance as a love shack, and letting them use my apartment, she was sending Jess to me as a present. She was mine for 48 hours. A third was from Alana. It was blank except for her address and home number. The rest were business related.

The night crews started drifting in and I had to get them out on the road. Jess and Janice were both working. I called them both into the office. I was holding their emails when they came in. I closed the door and had them sit down. 

"Are these for real? Its not screw with the Lieutenant's mind, time?"

Janice was the first to answer. "Boss, we owe you."

"You don't owe me anything. I remember not having my own place and I would have appreciated an offer like that."

Jess spoke up "But, you didn't write us up. A write up like that would have wrecked our careers. "

"Like I told you that night, do you think you were the first to use an ambulance as a motel room?"

They both shouted "You?"

"I wasn't always a Lieutenant. I actually raised some hell, In my day." 

"Ok, go get ready, tour starts in about 15 minutes."

The girls ran off in the direction of the locker room. As the night wore on, the units on night shift turned out and the evening crews were coming in. Around midnight, I locked up the station and headed out on the road. Ellen had called on sick for the tour, so there was no reason to go over to her station. I went out and actually patrolled in my area. I responded to a few calls, with my units. I decided to go visit my girls in their area.

As I hot to the area they were responsible for, their ambulance wasn't at their assigned location. I contacted the dispatcher to check if they were alright and where I could meet with them. Janice answered the radio, immediately and informed the dispatcher of their location. I was familiar with it and it was a parking lot of city park with little lighting, so my imagination was going a mile a minute. 

I pulled into the lot and found them parked way back in the darkness. I cut my lights and rolled up on their truck. All the lights in and on the truck were off. I drove up to the truck, slowly. When I got to the vehicle, I saw there was no one in the front of the vehicle. I walked around to check the back and the lights were off. I could hear sounds coming from the back. I knocked on the rear doors of the truck and I could hear Jesse shout out "Oh shit," There was some scrambling around. I unlocked the rear doors with my key and as the light came on, I could see that Janice was trying to pull her pants up and Jess was buttoning her shirt. They both breathed a sigh of relief, when they saw it was me.

"Oh thank God." Jess exclaimed "We thought it was Internal Affairs."

"Even after I gave you guys the free use of my apartment, you are still going at it in the truck!" "What the hell is with you two?"

"Hey boss, let's not play holier than thou. We saw you and Lieutenant Coyne, in the station, last week."

"Ok, so I'm not the one to be throwing stones." 

I had noticed one thing, though, neither of them was making any move to further fix their clothing. I climbed up into the ambulance and turned to Janice. "So, Jess is now mine for 48 hours?" "Is that in a row or cumulative?"

"How you arrange it is up to you. "

Looking Janice over, in her state of undress, I said "So, it looks like I interrupted something." 

She got an evil glint in her eyes and told me, "Yeah, kinda, but if you care to join us, it won't count towards your 48 hours."

I pulled Janice towards me and kissed her hard. She broke the kiss and reminded me what she told me, during our last encounter, that she was a lesbian. 

"Think you could tell the difference between her tongue and mine, in the dark?"

"Probably not." 

I laid down on my back on the stretcher and Janice moved in above me. Even in the sparse light, I could see how wet her pussy was. She lowered herself onto my lips and my tongue probed into her delicious, pink flesh. I heard her gasp as I entered her. She settled into a nice slow rhythmic rising and falling, as if trying to fuck my tongue. Her hips slid back and forth making my tongue move the length of her slit, from her tight asshole to her swollen clit. I hear her breathing get irregular and her pelvic movement get more forceful. Suddenly, I feel someone unbuckling my belt, opening and pulling down my pants. A tongue runs the length of my hardness. Lips surround the head of my cock. I feel it going deeper and deeper into a hot moist mouth. The tongue is there, moving over my shaft as it begins plunging in and out of the mouth. 

Janice suddenly stiffens and cries out. I feel a gush of fluid leave her and run down the sides of my face to the sheet, under my head. I feel the mouth move off of me. Janice moves down, grasps my cock and positions it at the entrance of her pussy. Slowly she sinks down, my cock sliding deeper and deeper into her, until I am fully engulfed in her. She was tight, like someone who didn't get dicked, all that often. Janice begins rising and falling, my cock entering and exiting her pussy. I feel a tongue start licking my balls. I look down and, as expected, Jess is lying between my legs tonguing my balls and Janice's clit. 

All of a sudden, I felt that familiar tingling, in my groin. I let out a loud groan and Janice yelled out "Don't you dare." "Pull out!"

Jess was the one who pulled my cock out of Janice's pussy. She only had to stroke it a couple of times before my cum was flying through the air and landing on her face and Janice's thighs. As my jets of semen slowed to a dribble, Jess started licking my shaft and Janice's thighs clean. Janice stood up, letting me climb off the, now messy, stretcher. I finished getting dressed while watching Janice cleaning the cum off of Jess' face. 

As I stepped off the back of the ambulance, I looked back. Janice had laid back on the stretcher and Jess was crawling up between her legs to finish what I had interrupted. In jest I said "Just listen for the radio, you don't want to have the dispatcher place you out for no response."

I heard a muffled "Mm hmm" from Jess.

I walked back to my truck, contemplating having my very own sex slave for 48 hours. I got in and started driving away. I decided to pay Ellen a visit, at home.

As I pulled into the lot at the apartment. I saw one of the ambulances from parked in front. I parked next to it and looked the unit up, on my computer. It said that they were off service for meal. I unlocked the front door. As I went in, I heard moaning coming from the kitchen. I crept over quietly to see what was going on. The scene I witnessed, laid out before me was surprising, to say the least. Ellen was laid across the table, naked, on her back. Her head was hanging over one side and one of the EMTs was standing there with his pants on the floor and his cock plunging in and out of her throat. The other was standing between her wide open legs with his hard cock in his hand. He had a small packet of lubricant in his other. He spread some on and pulled Ellen's legs over his shoulders. I saw him probing around and he must have found his target. He let go of his cock and grabbed her pelvis. He slowly pushed his cock into her and I heard a loud groan come out of her full mouth. 

The EMT at her head was fucking her face hard now, holding on to her and pounding into her throat. He threw back his head and yelled out as he started pumping his load down Ellen's gullet. I saw her swallowing for all she was worth, not missing a drop. 

The EMT that was fucking her ass, started plunging into her, hard. She was whimpering as his hard shaft pounded her asshole. He was fucking her harder and harder. He suddenly stiffened as he let out a groan. I could only assume he was blasting cum into Ellen's back channel. As he was filling her up, I heard them get called on the radio. Talk about timing.

They pulled up their pants and adjusted their uniforms as they stumbled towards the door. They went right past where I had concealed myself and out the door. Ellen started sliding off the table, when I stepped out of my hiding spot. Ellen spotted me and her face sunk. She started walking toward me, still naked. I stopped her and told her to get dressed. Tears were starting to roll down her face. I told her we would discuss it when I got home and I turned and left the apartment.