 I continue with how my vacation in Colorado progressed. My thanks to "Sara" for keeping in touch. I'm looking forward to visiting the store in September.

I also want to thank my readers who have consistently given me high marks for my stories. I thoroughly enjoy writing them because you all seem to thoroughly enjoy reading them.

My special thanks to all of you large and lovely women who make all my days happy. You are my "eye candy" that keeps my imagination, among other things, flowing.

*

A cooling off in the pool was just what the doctor ordered. It gave us a chance to talk a bit and to recuperate. 

Sara was an interesting woman and the more we talked, the more intrigued I was.

Sara owns a small dress design company for plus size women, located just outside of Allentown, Pennsylvania. 

She'd started the business with her husband shortly after she'd graduated from college. I was surprised to hear she was 47 years old as I really thought, early 40's for sure.

Her husband had met up with a younger woman while on a business trip, and had disappeared from her life about ten years before. 

An occasional blind date here and there, and a couple attempts at online matchmaking, had failed miserably.

About a year ago a regular customer at her shop told her about Literotica. Sara explained that she was hooked almost from day one, reading stories and chatting occasionally in the forums. 

Sara even posted some pictures and was pleasantly surprised by the feedback.

Her experiences with Lit made her decide to expand her shop to include lingerie geared to her clientele. She had found that larger women did feel sexy and liked to show off in fashions she had always thought weren't appropriate.

Sara had even found that she enjoyed wearing things she never imagined she would have in the past.

The addition of the lingerie boutique had changed her fortunes with the store. What had been a small one-person operation had expanded to a three-woman operation, with a larger storefront. This expansion was allowing her to take her first vacation in over twelve years.

Her brother lived in a small town named Bailey, in Colorado. Though he had been back east on several occasions, she had never been out this way. 

She planned on sightseeing throughout the week and then spending the weekend with her brother and his family.

As for me the story was almost the opposite. My brother had been out of work for almost a month due to cutbacks. 

My plan was to spend the weekdays with him, seeing family in the area, and then sightsee on my own over the weekend before heading home.

As I stood in the pool next to her I thought about how we would be able to structure our schedules to spend as much time together as possible. She was really having an affect on me and I was enjoying every minute of it.

Though Sara was telling me about her shop, and how she was a changed woman, I could tell that she was still feeling less than confident about herself, and probably about us. 

Her arms were folded across her chest. Her lower lip quivered as she spoke. What she was saying to me seemed to be more bravado than sincerity.

I figured that if we were going to spend more time together I was going to have to shore up her confidence or our hot tub experience was going to be a pleasant one-time memory.

I moved so that I was standing directly in front of her and looked directly into her eyes.

"You know what I want you to do Sara", I said with a lecherous grin on my face. "I want you to drop your arms".

Sara again got that scared rabbit look on her face. I think she was in a comfort zone just talking to me, and had all but forgotten that we were both still totally nude.

"Why?", she asked with a look of confusion, tinged with a hint of excitement.

"Why is a really good question". I smiled as I moved up against her and pulled her into my arms. "My penis is getting harder and harder as I stand here listening to you, but I want to look at you too."

I continued speaking softly but firmly.

"If you want, we can stay here and talk all night, and I mean this... if that's what you really want to do; I'm with you because I'm enjoying listening, and learning about you. But I'd be less than honest if I didn't tell you that I want to fuck you so bad I could burst."

Sara's confused look was changing to an almost crestfallen demeanor. I was taken aback as I, at first, thought I'd offended her.

"Don, it's just that I'm not sure", she began to explain. "I'm so confused right now."

I hugged her tight against me and rocked my cock against her belly.

"There's nothing to be confused about Sara", I continued. "The only things I'm confused about right now is if we'll fuck in my room or yours."

"Personally I'm thinking that we can switch rooms back and forth throughout the week if that works for you. The one thing I AM sure about though, is that I AM going to fuck you, just as hard and as deep as I can, as many times as I can, before I go home."

I punctuated that last comment with a hard thrust against her belly.

"You want to see me more this week?" Sara asked with incredulity and joy equally mixed in her voice. "I... don't know what to say."

"Just tell me which room you want to go to", I laughed. "We'll talk more later".

My hands dropped and cupped Sara's butt, pulling her up tight against me. I swear if she hadn't told me to follow her to her room I would have pulled her out of the pool and screwed her brains out right there poolside.

"God you're so hard Don", she said breathlessly. "Let's go up to my room where we can be more comfortable".

We got out of the pool and grabbed some towels to dry off. I threw one over my shoulders as she used one to dry her hair. I watched as she bent over in front of me, letting her hair hang as she toweled it vigorously.

"Stay like that", I said, my voice cracking with lust. "Don't move".

I quickly walked around behind her so that I had a perfect view of her ass, on full display for me.

"What are you doing?" Sara laughed.

"I'm just enjoying the view here in Colorado", I laughed heartily. "I'm thinking of a new line of postcards for your store."

Sara started to stand up.

"No", I said sternly. "Stay bent over like that. As a matter of fact I want you to spread your legs as wide as you can so I can take a better look".

"I'll fall over", Sara stated matter-of-factly. "Can't we do this in my room? We've been lucky so far. Nobody's seen us".

"No we can't", I said with a little more authority. "Use that chair for balance, but I want you to display yourself to me."

Sara hesitated a moment, but then she pulled a nearby chair over in front of her, and latched onto the armrests for support. 

She was starting to get into the moment as she bent over even further and spread her legs wide.

I stood about five feet behind her gently stroking the length of my cock as I watched rivulets of water running across her ass and down her legs. 

I pictured the water as rivulets of my cum and thought about how nice a sight that would be.

I walked up behind her and pressed the tip of my shaft against her puckered pink asshole and smeared my precum all over it. To my surprise Sara didn't even flinch. 

I could hear her breathing heavy, and I think if I had decided to take her ass right then and there she wouldn't have fought it one bit.

But that wasn't what I had in mind.

I positioned my rod in the crack of her ass and began to rock against her. As I did this I pulled the towel off my shoulders, opened it, and began to dry off her back and ass.

"It's amazing how wet you get coming out of a pool", I chuckled.

Sara was breathing heavier and I noticed that she was only bracing herself on one armrest. The other hand was rubbing her clit furiously.

"You ha..ve nooo idea how wet I a...m", Sara stuttered in lust filled tones. "God you make me feel good".

Suddenly her ass cheeks clamped onto my cock and Sara's whole body convulsed as an orgasm raced through her body. 

Blotches of color sprang up, and disappeared as quickly as they came, across her ass and back. I could feel her body dip, and then straighten back up, as if her knees had started to give way and had then recovered.

"That was so nice", Sara said as she slowly regained her composure. " But please let's go upstairs. I really want you in me but I just don't want to do it here".

As much as I hated to pull my cock away from her and let her stand back up, I knew she was right. With a slight groan I stepped back away from her. 

She stood up and turned towards me, immediately dropping her eyes to look at my pole. It was standing at full attention, rock hard, and glistening from the precum that had been massaged over its length as I rocked against her.

"Let's go", she said as her tongue traced a slow circle across her lips.

She reached down, grabbed a fresh towel, and started to wrap it around herself. I was having none of that and stepped forward, pulling the towel away from her.

"Not a chance babe", I said, tracing a similar circle with my tongue as I looked appreciatively at her naked body. "I want to look at that body every possible second I can. Now march."

Sara smiled and didn't say a word as she walked over to the elevator.

Once we were on the elevator she backed up against me and began to wriggle and press her ass against my blood-engorged member. 

"You're going to fuck me aren't you?"

The tone of Sara's voice was totally different now. She no longer sounded afraid or unsure of herself. She sounded like a woman in control who knew what she wanted, and was going to get it.

"You're going to take that big cock of yours and shove it into my pussy aren't you?"

I reached around Sara and grabbed two handfuls of tit, pulling her back against me even harder.

"I can feel it Don. You want to fuck me right here in this elevator. You want to fuck me til I scream. Pounding my hot wet pussy until you fill me with cum. Isn't that right Don? Isn't that what you want to do to me?"

"Yes Sara. That's exactly what I want to do to you", I said through clenched teeth.

I was rocking my cock stridently in the crack of her ass and mauling her tits, pulling her back against me as hard as I could. I was losing myself in the moment.

Suddenly the elevator bell went off and the elevator stopped on her floor. 

As the doors opened, Sara pulled my hands away from her breasts and stepped forward.

"Well that isn't going to happen", she laughed heartily. "I told you. In my room".

With that she quickly took off down the hallway with me in hot pursuit.

When we got to her hotel room door I came up behind her again. My cock quickly started sliding again in the crack of her ass, and my hands roughly grasped and kneaded her luscious tits.

"If you don't get that door open, and I mean quick, fast, and in a hurry, I swear I'm going to fuck you right here in the hallway right in front of this door", I told her in all sincerity.

I quickened the pace of my humping to stress the point.

I heard the click of the door and the turning of the handle, but I was pushing up against Sara so hard we practically fell through the door.

The room layout was virtually a mirror of mine, so directing her to the bedroom, and pushing her onto the bed, was accomplished in a heartbeat.

Sara quickly turned over and spread her legs, exposing her inflamed pussy. She quickly reached down and spread the lips with one hand as she frantically fingered her clit with the other.

I climbed onto the bed and scrambled into position between her legs, aiming my throbbing knob directly at her hot, dripping gash.

Without a moment's hesitation I drove my cock as deep as I could into her flowing pussy. I was satisfied with the resulting "Ummpphhh!" I received as my cocktip mashed against the rear wall of her womb.

Sara had me in such a state by this time that I could not remain stationary for even a second. I pulled back and drove forward again, impaling her with my fuckpole, driving her down into the mattress, fucking her fiery, slick cunt like an animal.

I was humping Sara like a wildman, trying to bury myself as far inside of her as I could; wanting to be as deep as possible when I fired the salvo of cum I had for her.

For her part Sara was humping and grinding back at me at the same pace. Her pussy was dripping redhot fluid like a faucet, and my shaft slid in and out of her at a frenetic pace. It felt absolutely wonderful.

Sara kept saying the same thing over and over again.

"This is unbelievable. You're fucking me. This is so unbelievable. You're fucking me."

I had to agree with her. It was unbelievable the sensations I experienced fucking her. I don't think I ever had a woman so hot, so wet, or so eager to have me. She made me feel so special.

The tightening sensation in my balls let me know that I wasn't going to be able to hold back much longer.

"I'm going to cum Sara", I told her, though the way I was moaning I doubt she could make out my exact words. "My sperm is coming babe."

"Let it come hon", Sara groaned back at me. "Fuck me and fill me".

I drove my pulsating staff as hard, and as far as I could, when I felt the first blast of cum spurting through my dick and out the cockslit.

I could feel it spitting in wave after creamy wave against the walls of her womb as I ground ever deeper into her.

Sara's fingernails raked my back, and she bit down on my shoulder so hard that I knew she drew blood.

Even with the sudden shock of pain my cock continued to spew creamy hot fuckjuice in jet after jet until I felt like I was going to pass my balls through the tube.

Eventually I slowed down the grinding motion as I could feel the last vestiges of spunk dribbling from my spent and rapidly deflating cock.

It took Sara almost another thirty seconds before she released her teeth sunk into the flesh of my shoulder, and resheathed the fingernails imbedded in my back.

"Oh my god Don. That was wonderful. That was so wonderful!"

As much as I appreciated the compliment I couldn't accept it on my own.

"Sara it was wonderful because you are wonderful. You have a fantastic body that I just want to fuck like there's no tomorrow. You are one special woman."

"I wasn't sure how good this vacation was going to be. Now I'm in bed with a beautiful and sexy woman and we have a great week ahead of us".

I kissed Sara slowly and passionately.

"Thank you Sara. It was wonderful."

Sara smiled and snuggled up against me. Her body felt great in my arms.

We held each other tightly as we drifted off to sleep.

To Be Continued...