 "Hey listen, I have a great idea." he said as soon as she picked up the phone. He always caught her at the right time and for that he was grateful. The thought of not being able to talk to her was enough to break his heart, but then again he was just a pathetic romantic. 

"I have an idea that I wanted to pass by you." 

"Oh really... Let me see. You want me to run away with you to Fiji." she said sarcastically. 

"Hmm... that's not a bad idea but uhhh... No." he rolled his eyes. "I have a plan that is not as extreme." 

"Ok.. I'm listening." this was her 'I give in' voice. He knew he better just come out with it before she got ticked. She hated playing guessing games. 

"Well, if you look out the window you will see that it is raining." 

"Yea.. and?" 

"I'm getting there." he did enjoy teasing her by saying this. 

"I want you to play hooky with me. I have already arranged for 2 tickets to go see some stupid movie in a theatre about 20 minutes away. I have the tickets so you can't say no." He was really hoping she would bite. They had yet to meet and he figured this was the perfect opportunity, and he was hoping she would think so too. 

"Really???" she said in a low tone trying to hide the conversation from prying ears. 

"Yea... I figured this would be a good opportunity for us to meet." 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" 

"If you are interested let's do it before I change my mind." he said 

"Ok.. give me the name and time and I will make an excuse to free up my afternoon." she hung up the phone trying to figure out just what was gonna happen when they met. She decided if nothing happened that was ok but she was gonna make sure she was ready just in case. 

About an hour later he was standing in the lobby of the movie theatre waiting. She walked in and found him quickly. He had no idea what she looked like but she had seen an image of him and knew she could pic him out. He relied on that. A tap on the shoulder and he turned around. Standing in front of him was a beautiful woman with a cute but nervous smile on her face. 

"Hello.." she said to him. He was stopped dead in his tracks. His nerves kicked in too making it difficult for him to do or say anything. 

"Hi... " was what he could get out without stuttering. "I.... I.. I'm glad you decided to meet me." and he let out a nervous smile of his own. He looked her over and was just in awe of her sultry beauty. She was wearing a peach sundress that had buttons running halfway down the front and it fit her nicely. "You really are a very stunning woman." 

"Thank you" and she gave him a light kiss on the cheek. 

"Mmmm... " was what he got out as she grabbed him by the hand and off they went in the direction of the movie theatre. This theatre unlike most was broken up into 2 sections, the main floor and the balcony. It was rare to find a balcony so it make it very exciting for them to climb the stairs and find nobody up there. All the way to the right along the last row she sat down next to the wall and he sat down on her left. 

He turned and looked at her, "I never thought we would ever get the chance to meet, you surprised me by taking me up on this." 

"I know I kinda suprised myself." she said looking at him and smiling. "But I figured if I am gonna do this I might as well go for it." 

"Ohhh... really, and what do you expect to happen?" he said. 

"Well.... " she just smiled back and him. She shifted in her seat and leaned his way. He moved in closer to her until they were practically touching. They stared at each other and he took the time to look at her more closely. Her skin was beautiful and her scent was heavenly, and with a deep inhale he took her all in. 

"Hmmm.. you smell great." he said. 

"Thank you, sweety." 

The theatre lights dimmed as the previews were starting to show. He reached over and took her hand and just held it as they stared at one another. It was obvious that there was a physical as well as mental connection between them. Her hand was warm and soft. Leaning closer to him she pressed her lips to his stealing a very sweet and soft kiss. A chill ran throught his body. 

She looked at him and said, "I have something for you." 

She guided his hand onto her leg and he instantly felt the sheer material of her stockings as it felt against her leg. She kept his hand there and let him rub the flesh of her thigh. He longed to touch her especially somewhere sexual. Controlling his hand she guided him higher and higher until he was touching the top lace ring of her stockings and then before he knew it he was flesh to flesh with her inner thigh. Almost instantly she gasped at his touch, and it was obvious that she also craved his touch and him. 

"You are almost there... don't stop" she told him. Silently he moved his hand on his own sliding them along her flesh. His fingers found the tender part of her skin where her thigh and hip met. Instantly he felt the sheer nylon panties that she wore. His wasted no time running his hand up and down the outside of her panties feeling her pussy beneath the material. He left them on her for the time being and massaged every inch of her pussy. He pushed on the material and could feel it get very wet. 

"God you are wet... " he smiled at her. ".. and this will seem dry when I get done." She held his arm as he played with her, making her wet and pushing on the fabric until it was going up into her. Within only a minutes or so, they were totally drenched from her juices. He was very eager to touch her flesh unhindered and started to pull on her panties. She helped him remove them. 

"Give me that... " he told her. 

"What are you gonna do?" she moaned. 

"You will see." and he took a hold of them. 

He held it up to his face and breathed her in, savoring her smell and her moistness that she left behind. "mmmmmmmm..." he sighed. He pulled it away long enough to unfold it and get it turned the right way. In his hand he held the crotch part that was soaked with her cum. "I want you to lick this." She let out a gasp of excitement, and a small smirk. Never had anyone asked her to do something this dirty and erotic. 

"But what if I...." 

"You don't have a choice." he said holding it in her face. His forcefulness made her pussy ooze more of her juice onto the theatre seat. She was starting to feel just how wet it was. She moved forward and held his hand pulling it closer to her mouth. She opened up and ran her tongue over the material tasting her own pussy on it. The smell and taste only heightened her level of sexual excitement. 

"Oh.. yes... " she licked. "mmmm I love how my pussy tastes." saying this quietly so nobody else in the theatre could hear her. He handed her the panties to hold in her hand and lick as she felt the need. His hand was back between her legs and for the first time he realized that she had totally shaved her pussy. There was not one bit of hair and it was as smooth as glass. It was even more so by the pure clear liquid that emanated from her hot wet hole. 

"How does that feel" he asked as he rubbed from her clit down to the bottom of her twat and back up again. 

"Oh god that feels great" she said through the panties that she was now sucking on in her mouth. "Please don't stop, I want to cum." His hand worked her flesh all around and even pulled on her lips which just added to the entire sexual rage she was in. 

His hand stopped and rested on her clit. By now his hand was totally wet and he made sure to cover her thighs with her own cum like he were painting with a brush. He grabbed her clit with 2 fingers and gave it a pinch and then moved it back and forth. She arched her back in response, and she wasn't concerned with anyone seeing her. She bit down on her panties to keep her moans as the first wave of her orgasm hit her. Two of his fingers were pressed hard against her clit and they were going around in circles very quickly. Another wave hit and she sank into the chair a little further. A stronger wave hit when his fingers pulled away just far enough for him to bring them down to tap at her clit. A small slap. He worked her clit very fast and very hard and she had to stop herself from jumping out of the chair. 

"Ohh... god.. I'm cumming.." she said through the material. He felt a huge gush from her pussy as her orgasm rocked her body and it made her wet beyond belief. 

"I have wanted to do that to you ever since I met you" he told her. She grabbed his hand and lifted it to her mouth and she sucked on his cum soaked fingers tasting the wild orgasm that her body just released. 

"Hmmm... and I hope you get the chance to do that again." she sank further back and rested waiting to start up again. 

"Would you like to touch my cock?" and before she could answer she noticed that his pants were undone and he already had it out and was playing with it. She reached over and discreetly put her fingers on it then wrapped them around it like you would a baseball bat. Holding her hand there she could feel how his cock throbbed. The head of his penis swelled up in her hand making her want it more and more. Slowly she moved her hand up and down over the entire length of the shaft and it grew harder moment by moment. 

For what seemed a long time she sat there holding his cock, stoking it with her left hand while she played with her pussy with her right. It was a very relaxed erotic experience. She explored his flesh while making her own very hot. 

"Oh... that feels good. I like it nice and easy like this, I can enjoy it and savor it." he told her. They sat back and watched a little bit of the movie, and only once did she remove her hand from his cock and that was to put 3 fingers up into her twat, getting them wet to cover his penis. She made the surface slippery with her own juices. He let out a moan when he felt the warm liquid on her fingers. 

"Ahhh... mmmmmmm.." he groaned. His head went back and he closed his eyes as he just let her slide over his shaft. His body tingled with the feeling making him shiver all over. 

"Ohh.. yea.. that is great" 

"Your cock feels so nice and hard." she said sounding upset that she could not just get down and suck it. She knew that it would have to wait for another time. 

"Do me a favor." he purred. 

"Anything..." she said eagerly. 

"Give me your panties again." 

No questions asked she handed him the panties that were still wet from her own pussy juices. He held them in his left and put it back up to his nose inhaling the wonderful aroma. 

"Now make me cum" he told her. 

Her hand was moving up and down faster and faster. He felt the warm wetness as it slid over his shaft, and the sound of flesh on flesh could be heard louder and louder. His leaned to one side getting closer to her and moaned in her ear as she pumped him. Long solid stokes that she was matching with his groans, brought him to a higher level of excitement. 

"ohh... I'm cumming..." his moan got louder. 

"That's it baby cum for me" as she said this she watched as he put her panties over his cock and she felt his body tremble signaling the release of his cum in a hard orgasm. He shuttered from head to toe as the last few waves of ecstasy flowed out of him. He breathed hard with long inhale and exhales as he tried to keep quiet and regain his normal breathing. 

"Mmmm that was amazing..." he told her. She still had a hand on her pussy rubbing and keeping her clit hard. 

"Yea that was hot." she replied. He used her panties to catch all of his cum and was now wiping it all up to make sure it all was in the material. Lifting it up he reached over and handed the cloth to her, motioning for her to take it. She grabbed it and held it with both hands. 

"Now lick my cum off of your panties." 

She almost came again on the spot when he said this. Eagerly she placed her panties up to her face and opening her mouth she pushed her tongue against his cum and licked. She felt it thick against her tongue and savored ever last drop. When she was done she had totally removed all of his cum and was sucking on the fabric to get the taste of her own pussy on her tongue. 

"Oh god that was great." she told him. 

"I want to do more than that, but time will not allow" he said in a sigh. 

"We will just have to make time my love." 

The left the theatre not knowing what would happen next, but they both looked forward to whatever the next encounter would bring.