 Hayley loved writing stories for Webrotica. Not only was it a hot way to explore her fantasies, but it was turning out to be a great way to meet guys. Sure, some simply wanted to engage her in sexy chats, and really, was that all bad? But others, well, others were truly amazing guys. Sadly, there were a few she had to cut loose because they were married and tried to cross lines she wasn't comfortable crossing, but for the most part, the guys were respectful and had a genuine appreciation for her work.

She smiled as she replayed some of the conversations in her mind. A reader who went by the screen name "MyBigCock" dropped her an email one day, saying she should write about his sexy adventures. Convinced he was a full of himself player, she shot back, "Can I call you "Cock" for short?" She remembered snickering as she clicked Send. Hayley fully expected him to get pissed at the insult and never contact her again. She was wrong. He came back with, "Well played, LOL! It's anything but short, I promise you 😉. But yes, you, and only you, may call me "Cock"." They became fast friends from that moment on. She loved that he got her sense of humor and was secure enough to tease her back. And she especially liked the stories he told her. They were indeed legendary and, in some cases, inspired some of her work.

Then there was "ReadItAndWank", a fellow writer on the site. Once Hayley got finished mocking him over his username, they actually went on to have some great conversations about character development, word choice, and such. Cool guy! Even though they discussed every aspect of writing erotica, their attention never veered toward interacting sexually. It was very much a platonic working relationship where they encouraged one another and acted as beta readers and brainstorming partners. Hayley laughed out loud as she recalled their talk about what to call each other. In her case, with SheWritesErotica, there were two logical choices: "She" or "SWE", which she joked was pronounced "sweet" without the T. Like Cock, he chose to refer to her as "SWE". "ReadItAndWank" proved to be a bit more challenging. After a month had passed without inspiration, they decided they knew each other well enough to exchange real names. "ReadItAndWanK" became "Tom".

Hayley sighed. She was procrastinating. Starting a new story could be challenging. Usually the challenge was invigorating, but she found herself struggling more than usual. The chime of an incoming message pulled her from her thoughts. It was from Cock. She grinned. She still couldn't say that with a straight face. Evidently, he must have just finished her latest story. She opened the chat window, eager to hear what he had to say.

Cock: Hey, Mystery Lady! Calling you Sex Kitten would be a lot more fun, but I'm not sure I can get away with that yet 😉.

SWE: Hey, you! "Sex Kitten" works for me 😉. So how ya doin'?

Cock: Just got done getting off to a really hot new story.

SWE: Oh yeah? Tell me about it. The story, I mean.

Cock: You know it well...

SWE: I do, huh?

Cock: Mmmhmm. I bet you're sexy as hell when you blush...

What the hell? Flustered by his comment, she opened a second chat window. The chat was taking a decidedly flirtier tone than usual, and she wasn't quite sure how to handle it.

~ ~ ~

Hayley: Tom! Tom, you there?

Tom: This better be good. I was in the middle of a scorching sex scene.

Hayley: Reading or writing?

Tom: Writing.

Hayley: Ah.

Tom: So, you brought an epic orgasm to a grinding halt why?

Hayley: Cock.

Tom: Yes, there's cock in the scene.

Hayley: No, my cock!

Tom: Uh, I thought you were a chick...

Hayley: Fuck you, Tom!

Tom: As much as I'd like to say yes, I really don't see you that way.

Hayley groaned as she rubbed her face. For some reason, the change in the tone of her chat with Cock really threw her. Her pulse was racing, and she couldn't put a coherent thought together to save her soul. She paused and took a few deep breaths.

Tom: You okay? I didn't mean to be an asshole, I—

Hayley: Cock is getting flirty with me.

Tom: Ah, your reader buddy. Do you like Cock? WAIT!!! Let me rephrase that! Are you interested in Cock? Fuck! You know what I'm trying to ask.

Hayley: LOL! I'm confused. I really enjoy chatting with him. He's funny, he's smart, he tells really cool stories...

Tom: Is he unattached?

Hayley: Yes.

Tom: Well that's easy then. Have fun with it. He doesn't know where you live, neither of you are attached, and you enjoy his company. What could go wrong?

Hayley: When you put it that way...

Tom: Hell, maybe even get off together. You'd make his night 😉!

Hayley: I'm closing your window now! Oh, and thanks 😉!

~ ~ ~

Cock: I hope I didn't scare you away...

SWE: No, no. Sorry. I had to take care of something.

Cock: I have a bit of a confession to make.

Oh, shit!

Cock: The character in your newest story reminded me of a girl I used to date in college. It made the tale an even bigger turn-on than usual.

SWE: I'm so glad you enjoyed it.

Cock: You did such a great job writing her. She was conflicted and vulnerable, which made her decision to fuck Keith incredibly authentic. The fact that she was a flute player though...so was my ex.

SWE: Eh, we flute players are a dime a dozen 😉!

Cock: You play?

SWE: Played. But yeah.

Cock: She was one hell of a kisser. Holy shit, we made out for hours at a time...

SWE: Great lips are a flute player's super power 😉!

Cock: What kind of guys are you into?

SWE: I'm a sapiosexual.

She awaited his response to see if he'd pass her first test of sorts.

Cock: Hey, the brain is the sexiest body part there is!

SWE: Agree a billion percent 😊! How about you? What do you look for in a girl?

Cock: Smart, funny, kind...bonus points for big tits :D!

SWE: LOL. Why am I not surprised 😉?

Cock: What are you wearing?

SWE: What?

Cock: You heard me...

Hayley looked down at her oversized t-shirt with its peeling cat image.

SWE: A royal blue silk kimono.

She didn't like lying, but she wasn't dressed for a sexual encounter. A girl had to prepare for such things!

Cock: Nice! All the easier for me to run my hands along your curves 😊. Your panties...tell me about them...

Hayley winced. She wasn't about to admit to wearing sensible cotton "granny panties". For one thing, cotton didn't go with silk. She laughed at herself. What the hell. If she was going to do this, she may as well go all in.

SWE: I would. If I were wearing any 😉.

Cock: Holy fuck, that's hot!

SWE: Boxers or briefs?

Cock: Boxers. Better access 😊.

SWE: Mmmm. It'd be easy for me to slide my hand inside and grab your cock. I like that!

Cock: Fuck, I wish you could do that right now. I'm so hard. You're really a great writer, you know that? I'd be embarrassed to admit how many times reading your stories has gotten me off.

SWE: That's really sweet of you to say. Thank you.

"Sweet"? Really, Hayley?

Cock: Someday I hope to hear about more of your adventures. Clearly, you've had some amazing ones!

She almost snorted Diet Coke out her nose onto her laptop. If he had even the slightest clue of how inexperienced she really was, well, talk about total loss of credibility!

SWE: The stories you shared with me inspired many of my pieces. If this gig actually paid, I'd owe you royalties big-time 😉! LOL

Cock: Happy to help 😉. God, I wish I was there with you. I'm so fucking horny.

SWE: Me, too. I'd cup your balls with one hand, and tease your cock with the other through the fabric of your boxers.

Cock: I like the way you think 😊. Just imagining it makes me so hot! Fuck! I'd reach out and outline your breasts with a single finger before teasing your nipples to hard peaks with my thumbs.

Hayley slid her hand beneath the waistband of her panties and felt her pussy. She was already more aroused than she realized.

SWE: I'm so fucking wet...

Cock: Mmmm...I'm imagining my head between your legs, lapping up your juices.

SWE: But I wanna suck you off...

Cock: We'll get there...patience, Sex Kitten...

She unplugged her toy from its USB cable. Her wand would deliver a body-shaking orgasm within a few short minutes. It hadn't failed her yet. Hayley wiggled out of her panties, and pressed the Power button. The sound of the buzzing alone was mildly erotic. She sighed with pleasure as she placed the toy between her legs.

Cock: My tongue is teasing your clit. You squirm.

As if on cue, she squirmed at the thought of him going down on her. She had no idea what he looked like, and yet she longed to fuck him. They had spent hours chatting about every subject imaginable over the past couple months. Hayley wondered what prompted this sexy shift in content, not that she was complaining...

SWE: That feels amazing!

Cock: I slide a finger inside you and quicken the pace of my licking.

Hayley arched her back as the tension mounted.

SWE: Need. Another. Hand.

Cock:?

SWE: Hard to type when using a wand.

Cock: Ah :D!

SWE: Holy fuck, I'm gonna come for both of us!

Cock: Mind if I listen?

SWE: You...want me to stop...right now...to send you my number?

Cock: *Snicker* You could have typed the number in the time it took you to say all that 😉! I love your use of the ellipses, by the way. Nice effect :p! Though I'd expect nothing less from an author 😉.

Hayley typed her number in the chat window as she continued gasping for air. Within seconds, her phone rang. "This...better...be Cock, or...I'm gonna die...of embarrassment!"

"It's me." She could hear the smile in his voice. "Are you close?" Her heavy breathing told him she was, but he wanted to hear her say it.

"Yes. Ohhh...say something hot," she begged. Her heart raced as soft little cries escaped her lips with the waves of arousal.

"Circle your clit with the wand. Don't touch it, just move around it. Slowly..." The sexy sounds she made were driving Cock wild. At this rate, he might come with her! "Put your other hand on your inner thigh. Pretend it's me touching you as you move it closer to your pussy."

"Fuck! OhMyGodOhMyGodOhMyGod!" she cried, tossing her head, squirming, and stretching from the intensity.

Yeah, Cock wasn't going to make it until his virtual blowjob. He wrapped his hand around his throbbing dick and started jerking it, slowly at first, and then gradually picking up speed. "Now move your wand to the clit. Cum hard, Sex Kitten!"

"Oh, shit! Fuck me hard! I want you to pound my pussy!" Haley put a finger in her mouth and sucked it fiercely. She wished it were a cock instead, but that wasn't in the cards.

Cock smiled with satisfaction as their simultaneous pants and moans ratcheted up the intensity. Finally, they climaxed in a flourish of groans, moans, and cries. Hayley sighed contentedly as she heard Cock's breathing eventually return to normal.

"Thank you for that. It was amazing."

"Does this mean I get to appear in one of your stories?" Cock teased.

Hayley shrugged as if he could see her. "Maybe... I hope it was good for you, too."

"Are you kidding me? I had an orgasm of epic proportions!"

"I guess you'll need to recharge before I give you the virtual blowjob of a lifetime then." Sure, the virtual blowjob would be fun, but not nearly as awesome as the real thing. It was odd. She barely knew him, and yet she was inexplicably drawn to him. She had had exactly one partner in her life, her late husband, and yet she found herself imagining what would happen if she and Cock were to meetup somewhere.

"I appreciate the sentiment, but I think we're going to save that for next time. It'll give us something to look forward to."

On one hand, Hayley was disappointed, but on the other, the thought of there being a next time thrilled her. "I like the sound of that. Next time."

They spent the next couple hours discussing everything from music to books to politics to video games. They could literally talk about anything together. And the best part was they didn't have to agree with one another. They were perfectly comfortable having short intellectual debates and ultimately agreeing to disagree on a few non-deal-breaking issues.

~ ~ ~

She woke up the next morning with a smile on her face, and her cell phone in her hand. Fuck, had she fallen asleep while they were talking? Hayley glanced at the screen to find a text reading: "Good morning, Beautiful! Last night was fucking AMAZING!" She couldn't wipe the grin off her face. A quick peek at her call log revealed that the connection was in fact active longer than she had been awake, but clearly, he didn't take it personally. Oh my God, he called me "beautiful"! She it wasn't an original reaction to his text to be sure, but she was positively giddy just the same. In some ways, it felt like she had known him forever. Hayley could tell she was falling for him. Some guy she knew only as "MyBigCock", or simply "Cock". For short, she added with a giggle. She contemplated what to say in her good morning text back. She wanted him to know how much she enjoyed last night, but she didn't want to look easy, either.

SWE: Good morning yourself, sexy 😊! Last night was soooo hot, OMG! I can't stop smiling 😊!

Or stop using exclamation points, apparently. So much for playing her cards close to the vest. Fuck it. She hadn't felt this good in years. Hiding her feelings served no purpose whatsoever.

She tossed her phone on the bed and started getting ready for the day. Hayley thought about his deep, sexy voice as the steaming water of the shower pounded her back. If only he were with her now... She'd lather up his body and run her hands over every single inch. And then, with her hands covered in bubbles, she'd give him a hand job to get him good and revved up. Mmmm... Haley indulged in the fantasy as she shampooed her hair and finished washing up. She was certain the girls at work would notice her glow. Damn, she felt this intoxicated, and they hadn't even fucked. Yet.

Hayley slipped into a pair of skin-tight jeans and a NelMart logo polo shirt. She liked her retail gig because it gave her complete freedom to work on her writing. She had done the management thing and hated it. She wanted a job where she could punch in, do her thing, punch out, and leave all the worries behind. A quick glance at her phone revealed she was running a few minutes ahead of schedule. She sat down on the edge of her bed. It had been almost four years since she lost Stuart. He was the love of her life. The grief paralyzed her; she literally could not fathom a life without him. And then she rediscovered her love of writing... Spending time in her creative zone again breathed life into her that she had all but given up reclaiming. And publishing the stories to Webrotica turned out to be a great idea. She had met so many cool people as a result of her sexy tales. Guys like Cock, for example. His screen name made him sound like an arrogant ass, but he turned out to be anything but. He was smart, sensitive, supportive, funny, perceptive... Whoa, girl! In that moment, Haley realized that if he proposed meeting up in person, there's was a thousand percent chance she'd say yes. That both excited and terrified her. She wasn't quite confident enough to initiate it, but she was certainly open to it. A satisfied smile crept across her lips as she picked up her phone and stuck it in her back pocket. Time to get to NelMart; those school supplies weren't going to stock themselves!

~ ~ ~

Ted couldn't get SWE...Sex Kitten...out of his mind. He had spent the better part of his morning crunching numbers in Excel, building pivot tables, and writing bits and pieces of reports, but he wasn't nearly as focused as he should have been. Last night's adventures were all he could think about. He'd have chalked it up to the afterglow of a horny guy getting off with a sexy stranger except for two things. First, he was so caught up in pleasing her, that not only did making her cum become his priority, but he actually came with her. Furthermore, he refused her offer of a virtual blowjob, saying that he wanted to save it for next time. That should have blown his mind, but it didn't. And then there was the undeniable fact that she had been routinely creeping into his thoughts for weeks now. He eagerly awaited each new story and got off to her incredible use of words. And he took every opportunity he could to chat with her online. Oh, the topics they'd cover... He smiled. She was oddly familiar and a complete mystery at the same time.

He picked up his phone and grinned at her enthusiastic reaction to their evening together.

Cock: I'm doing a lot of smiling myself 😊.

Ted loved that she made her passion for writing a priority. So many people deny themselves of that, and yet she had specifically chosen a job that gave her the room to do what she loved. It saddened him that she seemed almost embarrassed by her day job. She saw it as not living up to her potential, when he saw it as the very thing that could help her reach her full potential as a writer. Thinking of her on the salesfloor doing a job she viewed as mundane gave him an idea.

Cock: Hey, Sex Kitten? You know those low tables full of clothes over in apparel? I want to bend you over one and fuck you hard as vested colleagues gather to watch *evil grin*.

Was is too much? Maybe, but something told him it'd get her excited.

~ ~ ~

Hayley's phone vibrated as she placed the last few stacks of notebooks on the shelf. She pulled the phone out of her pocket to discover two texts from Cock. She glanced around to make sure no other employees were nearby, and then opened the messages. She instinctively scrolled down to read the first of the messages. Nothing worse than reading things out of order. She loved the fact that last night left him smiling today, too. And then...holy shit! Hayley darted her eyes around like a guilty shoplifter until she was certain no one else could read the text. He wanted to do what? She had been in a constant state of arousal all day, and this pushed her to the edge. She tucked the phone back into her pocket and made her way to the restroom. She needed relief urgently, and since he wasn't there to fuck her in person, she'd have to take things into her own hands. Literally.

She locked herself in a stall at the far end of the room, hoping to stay out of customers' way. Her breaths were already uneven thanks to his scorching text. She pulled up his sexy message and unsnapped her jeans. The feel of her warm hand on her damp pussy made her sigh. Sounds of crying kids and flushing toilets did nothing to squelch the need for her touch. As she started to rub her clit, the phone vibrated again. This time a photo appeared. Cock was sitting behind his desk with his zipper undone, holding a rather large, hard dick in his hand. Haley attempted to type a response single-handed.

SWE: I just made a noise.

Cock: What kind of noise? A shriek of horror? A gasp of surprise?

SWE: Something indescribable...

Cock: Are you on the floor?

SWE: God no. Bathroom. People heard the noise. I can't leave until this place clears out.

Cock: What are you doing?

SWE: Masturbating. And praying to god I don't drop my phone in the toilet.

Cock: LOL So you liked my texts 😉?

SWE: Gimme a sec. It's hard to type and cum at the same time.

Cock: LOL I'll take that as a yes 😉. Want me to talk dirty to you?

A couple minutes passed without a response.

Cock: Kitten?

SWE: Hey. Sorry. Well, not really 😉. I appreciate the offer, but can I take a rain check? I gotta get back to the floor before they notice I'm gone.

Cock: So, I take it you were successful?

SWE: Mmm...yes...very... :D

Cock: :D

SWE: Tonight, it's your turn, so get ready!
