 His cell phone rang as he was leaving the office and climbing into his car. He pulled it from the clip and flipped it open, saw who it was and smiled as he spoke into the phone.

"Hello there."

"Hi." A husky voice answered. "Are you on your way home?"

"I am. Where are you?"

"I'm already home."

"You are? Did you leave early?" he asked as he started the car and guided it out of the parking lot towards the street. 

"I wrapped up things and decided to come home early. Do some things, clean, laundry..." she trailed off. 

"I see. And are you calling to see what I want for dinner?" he joked.

He heard her laugh in response and smiled. 

"No, I wasn't calling for that. I was calling to ask a favor."

"Oh, and what's the favor?" he asked, as he turned the car onto the next street. 

"Well as I said, I'm doing laundry..."

"Yes..."

"And well, if I do all the laundry, I won't have anything to wear, and I was wondering..."

He smiled at the image of her not wearing anything. 

"What were you wonderin', baby?" 

"Would you mind if I wore one of your shirts...just while I do the laundry?" she said huskily. "Please?"

He groaned, and put pressure on the accelerator of the car. He cleared his throat and switched the phone to his other hand. 

"You want to wear one of my shirts..."

"While I do the laundry." She affirmed. "One of your button down ones... maybe your blue jean one? I like that one."

"The blue jean one." He repeated, hoping like hell he wasn't going to pass a cop on the way home. 

"Yes. I really like that one. It's soft and worn, and feels nice." Her voice seduced him while she talked. "I mean, I won't have anything on underneath, and it feels comfortable against my skin." 

He shifted in his seat, feeling pressure in his pants as he imagined her in his shirt with nothing on underneath. He took a cursory glance around and groaned in frustration as someone pulled out in front of him. 

"So..." he turned on his turn signal and blew past three cars and pushed on the accelerator even more. 

"I know you're driving...so if you have to hang up..." she trailed off. 

"No...no...I'm ok." He reassured her. "So...if I know you, you've already got that shirt on and are just asking me to let me know you're wearing it." He chuckled softly. 

"Oh now, why would you think that?" She laughed.

"Because I know you." He shot back.

"Well, I thought maybe you'd want to know...in case you had somewhere to be and wanted to wear it."

"Mmmm, and you just had to call and ask, didn't you?" he murmured, seeing his road up ahead and accelerating faster. 

"I wanted to be fair." She whispered throatily. 

"Fair?" he chuckled. "You think it's fair to call me and tell me on my way home, behind the wheel of a car, that you're home early, in one of my shirts, with nothing on underneath?" 

"I bet your home in record time." She whispered. 

"I'm almost there." He murmured, as he flew down the road. "So...do you have it on?" 

"Mmmm...well yes. I do." She answered. "Is that ok? I could take it off..."

"No...no don't take it off." He groaned. "Just...."

"Yes?"

"Do you have it buttoned all the way?" he asked, torturing himself as he saw his house in the distance. 

"Not all of them."

He shifted again in his seat and pulled into his driveway. 

"Baby?"

"Yes?" 

"Meet me at the door." He bit out as he threw off his seat belt, turned off the car and climbed out. He shut his phone and practically ran up the front porch to the door. He saw the door open, and she stepped out and leaned against the doorframe. 

He looked her up and down from her curly brown hair, over her face, down the blue denim shirt, and her bare legs. He saw her smile at him as her hand trailed her fingers in the opening of the shirt just at her breasts and smiled at him. He stepped up to her just close enough to touch. 

"Hi." She whispered. 

"Hi." He reached out and ran his fingers from her neck down over her skin to the closed button of the shirt. 

He stepped forward into the house, his chest brushing hers. She backed up slowly, never taking her eyes off his. She heard the door close and felt the wall against her back as she watched his hands come up on either side of her head as he leaned into her. 

"Laundry, huh?" he murmured while watching her lick her lips. 

"What?" she slowly slid her hands up his chest. "You don't believe me?"

He chuckled and brushed his mouth over hers. He felt her hands slide around his neck and her mouth open under his. He felt her tongue flutter against his lower lip and slide into his mouth. He pushed his body into hers and felt her hands in his hair. He shifted his thigh between her legs and felt the heat of her through his pants. 

She moaned into his mouth as he stroked his tongue against hers, and began sliding slowly against his thigh. Her hands slid her hands from his neck and began undoing his shirt buttons frantically, popping one off and heard it hit the floor. 

She finally tore it open and dove her hands inside the shirt and stroked his warm skin. They both moaned as her fingers stroked his nipples then began pulling his shirt out from his pants. She tore her mouth from his.

"Get this off." She panted, as she attempted to shove it off his shoulders. He lowered his arms and let her shove the shirt down his arms to the floor. She reached for his belt as she felt his mouth on her neck, slowly licking and sucking his way to her ear. She gasped and slid his belt open and reached for the button of his pants, slowly opening it and sliding down the zipper. 

"Oh God." She moaned as she slid her hands inside his underwear and shoved them and his pants past his hips. 

"Something there you want, little girl?" he whispered into her ear as his hands went the front of denim shirt. He attempted to unbutton the first button, and then felt her hands on his cock, her fingers wrapped around him lightly and stroking gently. 

"I want you." She whispered, running her thumb over the head of his cock swiping the precum off and lifted her hand up and sucked it off her thumb. 

He ripped open the shirt, sending buttons flying everywhere. 

He cupped her breasts in his hands and slid down slightly and lifted her up under her arms, pinning her against the wall. 

She panted, braced her hands on his shoulders and wrapped her legs around his hips, leaning her forehead against his. He looked into her eyes and pushed his hips forward. 

He reached down between them, took his cock in his hand and guided it to her warm pussy. 

"Slide down on me, babe." He groaned as he felt her heat on the tip of his cock. 

She tilted her hips and slid downward, feeling the head slip into her, she gasped and wrapped her legs tighter and thrust her hips down, taking his cock into her. 

He moaned and pushed her harder into the wall, bracing his hands on her hips. 

"Hold on." He panted into her open mouth, sliding his tongue in.

She moaned as he began to thrust his hips forward in a slow rhythm. 

"Harder." She whispered. "Please." She buried her face in his neck and bit down softly on his neck. She licked her way to his ear and licked the lobe into her mouth. 

"Take me baby. Please." She moaned into his ear as she wrapped her arms and legs around him and whimpered as he thrust harder into her. 

He pumped harder, grunting into her ear, panting hard, pulling her closer to him with his hands on her butt, bringing her down on him as he pumped into her pussy. 

"Yes baby. Please." She panted, her head falling back against the wall. "Just like that. Oh.....God baby..." she whimpered.

He thrust faster, loving the feel of her wet pussy around his cock. He saw her breasts bouncing with each thrust, felt her pussy clench around him, knowing she was close. 

"Come on sweetheart." He whispered. "Cum for me. Cum on me." He groaned and began to pump harder and thrust her against her wall. 

"Ooohh yesssssss...." She wrapped herself around him and pumped her hips against his. "Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes..." she chanted over and over as her eyes closed and she lost herself. He thrust hard and lost himself as he pumped into her and came with a shout, pinning her to the wall, panting against her neck. 

He slowed his thrusts and let her relax against him, holding her against the wall. He smoothed her hair away from her face and kissed her cheek. She smiled and opened her eyes. She shifted her hips slightly, watching him close his eyes. 

"I'm so happy you're home." She whispered and laughed when he swatted her rear.