 It was late when my plane got into St. Louis. I took a cab to the motel which wasn't far. The key was waiting at the front desk under my name like she had promised. With sweaty palms I took it and headed upstairs. I knocked on the door, but there was no answer. I unlocked it and stepped inside. I could smell perfume lingering. 

There was a king sized bed and a television dominating the room. On the dresser was her suitcase. I took advantage of her absense to use the shower. I carefully scrubbed all the moving parts and stepped out. I put on some clean clothes and grabbed the toothpaste. It was about then I heard the television running. With a quick brush of my teeth I opened the door. 

She was sitting on the end of the bed watching the news in a red blouse and black skirt showing some of her delightful cleavage. She turned and smiled at me patting the edge of the bed next to her. 

"Hey, Jo." I said leaning over to kiss her. 

She shyly returned my kiss and holding my hand pulled me next to her. For a few moments we just sat and looked at the objects of our desires. Her eyes were so compelling in person.

"I almost didn't come back. I'm pretty nervous about all this." She said looking down at the carpet. 

"Hell, I'm nervous, too, Jo." I stammered. 

After that we started asking about each other's health and generally ignoring the fact that we were finally in reach of someone we had lusted over for years. Soon the small talk ran out and we sat in an uncomfortable silence still holding hands. 

"Well, Jo, if it's all right with you there's a couple things I need to do." 

With that, I slipped a hand on either side of her face and pulled her to me. We kissed softly and somewhat tentatively. 

"That's not a real kiss." I said and kissed her harder opening her mouth, tasting her tongue and running my tongue around her soft supple lips. 

I could feel familiar heat rushing in my body and see a slight flush creeping down her chest. I reached over and unbuttoned her blouse to reveal a red velvet bra filled with the beautiful breasts that had become my fantasy. After watching her tease them for me on cam they were finally mine to hold. I lowered my head and kissed her chest between her cleavage inhaling her erotic fragrance. Moving toward her I knelt between her legs and reached around to undo her bra. As it fell down, Jo's hand caught one breast and fed the nipple to me. 

I slid one hand up her stockinged leg and under her skirt as my mouth closed on her tight nipple. Sliding up her black nylons felt so sexy to me. I felt her free hand cup the back of my head to pull me closer to her breast. My tongue and lips were in heaven finally tasting her nipples and actually nibbling on their lushness. As my hand moved up her stocking I felt flesh at the top and a garter clasp. "Keep going, Tom there's nothing in your way." She breathed into my ear. A deliciously moist heat was waiting when I reached her pussy. One slide up her cuntlips and my finger was well coated with her juices. I rubbed it across her clitoris. Jo groaned softly. Then I pulled my hand out and slipped the finger into my mouth. I was finally tasting her after all this time and she was delicious. 

Sliding both hands under her legs I tipped her backward onto the bed and flipped her skirt up revealing her garter framed cunt to my hungry eyes. With a moan of passion I leaned forward and buried my face between her thighs. With long strokes of my tongue I licked her sweet pussy from the bottom to the top again and again. 

When I could sense her pelvis moving as I crossed her throbbing clit I began to concentrate on it. Light rapid strokes of my tongue caressed it. I was enveloped in her smell and heat. Bringing my hands up on either side I pushed upward with my thumbs exposing her clit and softly took it into my mouth and sucked. Her hands grabbed my hair as she began to push herself against me. Jo was panting harshly now breathing through her mouth. 

Her knees slowly drew up to her chest. Taking advantage of her cheek's exposure I began spanking her fine ass with loud slaps. Jo started rocking on the bed inhaling with each spank. When my hands could feel the heat on each asscheek I stopped and caressed them. My cool hands stroked her softly absorbing some of her delightful heat. When I leaned forward between her thighs her ass felt hot against my shoulders.

Her sweet juices were flowly freely now. When I slipped a finger into her pussy she tensed and arched her back coming loudly with moans and cries of passion. Her juices flowed down my wrist as she pumped her hips again and again. I stopped licking across her clit and began to lick a slow circle around it until Jo's moans had stopped and her breathing returned to normal. 

"You bastard, I thought I might die it felt so good. It's your turn now." Jo said, standing up and removing her skirt. 

Seeing her in just her black stockings and red garter just made me harder than I thought possible. As I shakily stood up, Jo quickly removed my shirt and pushed me back on the bed. Her hands undid my pants and hastily tugged them off of my legs. I hadn't bothered with underwear and was naked before her lustful gaze. Nude and laying on my back with Jo between my legs I still couldn't believe I was finally here with her. It seemed like a dream too perfect to be real.

Jo leaned on top of me to kiss and lick her juices from my face. Taking her time she nibbled down my neck while pulling my nipples with her fingers. 

"Mmmmmmmm." I moaned softly to her.

I couldn't help thinking of how many times I had typed that to her as she masturbated on cam for me as I masturbated with her and how she had rekindled passion within me.  As her lips moved down they stopped to capture each of my nipples and suck them leaving each with a nip from her teeth as she moved lower. Her fingernails traced patterns across my stomach and around my hard cock making it jump. 

Finally, her hand captured my swollen cock and raised it from my stomach. Her head lowered and I could feel her hot breath on it's crimson head. Her other hand cupped my balls and held them warmly. I was in heaven. All my senses were focused on Jo and what she was doing to me. I arched my back in a vain effort to gain her mouth. 

Jo laughed and said, "Be patient, Tom. I said, 'It's my turn now'." 

Then her head dipped and I felt her tongue swabbing my pulsing testicles. She sucked one then the other into her mouth as I clenched the bedspread in my hands. Finally both were captured in her mouth and I could feel her tongue coming out to lick behind them, then between them and back up all the way across my sack. I could have cum from just that, but Jo obviously had so much more planned for me so I just tried to relax. As her wonderful mouth continued teasing my balls I felt her fingernails closing in across my naked stomach to my hard shaft. Then they slowly slid scraping softly up my cock to the swollen head. I sat half way up as she did this only to feel her hands push me back again teasing my nipples again as I lay back. 

I was completely in her control at this point. Whatever she wanted to do with me was fine. I'd never felt so completely aroused. My senses were aflame from her touches. Jo's mouth opened and released my balls. She took them again in one hand while her other hand raised my cock to her mouth. Her eyes watched mine as she tilted up my throbbing dick. She slowly slid her lips and teeth down my cock. I bit my lower lip and grunted. My ears burned with throbbing blood as well. Then suddenly her tongue was swirling around the head of my penis. Her mouth moved up and down my shaft. I felt the heat of my orgasm coming quickly, but before it could happen she was gone! 

I looked up and there she was bent over and opening her suitcase from the dresser. I saw her ass framed so sweetly in the garter. I wanted to stand up and take advantage her situation, but she turned back to me with a smile. 

"Lie down, Tom. I told you it was my turn to enjoy you." 

I lay back and felt her shoulders slide underneath my knees as she pushed them toward my chest. I was in a sitting position on my back with her shoulders for the chair seat. Then there was cold sensation across my asshole as she slid her hand across it. 

"Relax, Tom don't be so tense. I know what I'm doing. It's just KY warming gel from Walmart." 

Her other hand took my cock and pulled it softly as she continued to rub across my asshole with the gel. A gentle heat slowly took hold and replaced the cold sensation. I began to really enjoy her ministrations. Jo then pressed a slick finger against my anus and slowly wriggled it inside of me as I squirmed. As she pushed I could feel each of her knuckles pass inside me until it was fully inserted. Her finger tip softly stroked my prostate gland again and again. At this point precum was dripping freely from my cock and the thumb of her other hand rubbed it around my cockhead until it glistened. Next she brought some precum to her lips and spread it across them as she smiled her beautiful smile at me. As I smiled back she licked her lips clean of my precum so sexliy that I almost came then. Her finger continued it's invasion of me now slowly moving in and out in a slow rhythm. 

Then just as I was relaxed enough to enjoy it's motion Jo pulled it out. More lotion caressed my anus and I felt something push against my anus again. Thinking it was her finger again I pushed down wanting it inside me only to discover it was her jelly butt plug entering me. She had shown it to me on cam several times along with her other toys. It had intrigued me, but it was over 1000 miles away back then and not very threatening. The sensation was to intense that at one point I almost reached down to stop her, but she went slowly and soon enough I was impaled with her plug. 

It filled me and pressed against my prostate. My cock was throbbing now with a life of it's own. It danced about my stomach slapping softly against it. I needed to cum so much, but every thing Jo did now seemed to keep me excited, but unreleased. I began to beg her let me cum. 

"Now! Jo, make me cum now!  Please, Jo, Please I need to cum now." 

My entreaties fell on deaf ears as she switched angles and tactics keeping me on the edge of orgasm the whole time. When I could stand it no more my hands pulled her head close to me and I began to fuck her mouth. My hips left the bed as I slow pumped into her eager mouth. Jo opened her throat and took my full length inside of her. I could feel her lips on my pubis and her throat massaging me. She swallowed everytime I was fully down her throat sending ripples of pleasure along my shaft. My balls tightened up as she continued deep throating me. The sensations she gave me were too much to resist. I felt the come surging from my balls and my legs straightened involuntarily, pulling her mouth from me. As my cock flapped back against my belly my cum shot in spray across my chest onto my neck. Each spray went a little less further as my cum pooled on my front.  

Jo's hands caressed and milked me until nothing was left and I was soft. Then her mouth began to clean me. First my cock was suckled gently and thoroughly. Next her tongue began to chase my cum up my stomach and across my neck. When she was done I took her face into my hands again kissed her deeply tasting both our cum mixing the way I had dreamed about for years. 

"Still nervous?"  I said to Jo as I held her on top of me. 

"Yes, Tom, only now I'm nervous that I won't let you leave when the time comes."