 ©copyrighted March 10, 2010 by Victoria Dresden

*

There is a knock on the door to the adjoining hotel room. My heart is racing, my breathing shallow. I can feel the moisture between my legs. My nipples are tight. From fear or arousal? Maybe both. What am I afraid of? We've played online. We exchanged pictures. Online, it's easy to say that you like a person's picture, or that you don't mind that they are overweight, but how did I know he meant it? I'm being silly. He wouldn't be here if he wasn't interested, would he? I reach out and open the door.

There you stand. You are wrapped in a hotel bathrobe and I can only guess if you are wearing anything beneath. I, on the other hand, am fully dressed. I am wearing a black collared blouse, straight dove grey skirt that reaches my knees, tan stockings, and red 4" heals that are buckled around my ankles.

I look in your eyes. I don't see disgust. Your smile seems genuine. Some of the tension leaves my body, only to be replaced by arousal. I take one of your hands in mine and lead you towards the bed. Our eyes remain locked. My breasts swell; my nipples press against the lace of my bra. I hope that you notice. Taking your face in both of my hands, I pull you close for a long, slow, deep kiss. Your hands go to my hips and jerk me close. I gasp. You break the kiss and lean back to look in my eyes.

"Don't you think you are a little overdressed?" you ask.

My smile widens knowingly. You cock your eyebrow in question, but I just continue to smile. I always want to look conservative on the outside. You will soon understand.

Sliding my hands down your neck, the top of the rob parts slightly. I rest my hands against your warm chest as we kiss again. I can feel your heart race, which arouses me more. Could you be aroused as I am?

You trail kisses down my neck as your hands move to unbutton my blouse and pull the tails from my skirt. As your hands push my blouse from my shoulders, you smile and again raise your eyebrow. I blush. You have seen my red, lacy bra. 

"Now I understand the red shoes."

Before I can respond, your hands cup my over-sensitized breasts. My head falls back and I grasp the collar of your robe. It may be the only thing holding me up. It is not long before my shirt falls to the floor. You start to unhook my bra, but I grasp your hands and step away.

"I think you may want to leave that for a little while." I continue to smile mischievously as I remove my skirt.

Your eyes blaze as they watch me. Your stare makes my breast swell even further, a feat I thought impossible a minute ago. After removing my skirt, I straighten and wait, letting you get a good look at my ensemble. I am wearing a red lacy bra, which you noticed earlier. I also have on the matching garter belt and crotchless panties. Attached to the garter belt are tan thigh highs encasing my shapely legs and leading your eyes back down to my red FMPs (Fuck Me Pumps). An appreciative smile crosses your face.

"Come here." You crook your finger. "As much as I like your outfit, I am still going to remove your bra," which you do immediately.

Your hands cup my full breasts and you roll the nipples between thumbs and forefingers. I again grasp your robe to steady myself as I arch into your hands. Your mouth swiftly captures my right nipple and I cry out at the wet, warm sensation which shoots straight down to my groin. You suck and nibble on my right breast as you continue to knead my left breast with your hand. I twine my hands in your hair, holding you close, never wanting the sensations you are creating in me to stop.

"Are you wet, baby?" you ask as you move your mouth to my left breast.

"Yes. Very."

While you are still sucking on my nipple, you guide me backwards until the bed hits me in the back of the knees. I unwittingly sit and break our contact.

"Let me see you, baby," I say as I slip the knot from your robe. 

You are wearing boxers. As you remove your robe, I pull the waistband of your pants out and down, freeing your rather erect penis. I push the boxers to your knees, not terribly concerned about them any more as I am now eye level with the object of my desire. You are long and thick. My heart rate increases and I am almost panting in anticipation about how you will feel filling and stretching me.

I gently grasp your cock with my hand as I flick my tongue to catch the small drop of precum clinging to the head. I feel your cock jump in my hand and you groan roughly.

"You taste so good," I whisper, more to myself than to you.

My attention is now fully focused on your penis. I am fascinated by every inch of it. My tongue swirls around the head and then flicks at the ridge. I feel you swell in my hand and I can't help but smile at the feeling of power that surges through me. I take just the tip of your cock into my mouth and suck. My tongue harasses the small opening. I begin to move my hand in rhythm to my sucking, but my hand is dry. To fix this problem, I suddenly take the entire length of you into my mouth. My lips brush against your groin and your head smacks against the back of my throat.

"Oh, shit!" you exclaim. "I need to fuck you now, baby!"

Removing my mouth from you, I lay back, guiding you forward by your cock. You reach one hand down between my legs to check my state of arousal. Your hand comes away covered in my juices. I am extremely ready for you, having imagined this moment in my mind for days. You groan as I continue to guide you forward toward my pussy.

Once the head of your penis is pressing against my slit, I let go and grab your shoulders. At first, you press forward slowly, not wanting to hurt me, but once your head has past the opening of my vagina, my warmth and tightness make you forget all caution. You surge forward, burying yourself fully, causing me to cry out. You stop once you are fully sheathed and look down into my eyes to see if I cried out in pain. The only thing you see in my eyes is raging passion and unfulfilled need.

You have more control than I. I can not just sit still. I open my hips and lift them up, allowing you to slide in that last inch until our pubic bones are touching. It is that move that causes you to lose control. You begin to withdraw and thrust with long, even, rapid strokes, almost pulling completely out of me before thrusting forcefully back in. I lift my hips to meet each thrust. You fill me completely and at the apex of each new thrust, I would swear you are touching my womb. I am whimpering in need. I lock my ankles behind your hips and dig my nails into your shoulders.

"Oh fuck, baby!" I scream as wave after wave breaks over me with my climax.

My vaginal muscles contract around you, almost pushing you out. You break your rhythm to push against the force of my contractions. As the clenching of my muscles lessens a bit, you begin to move again, more swiftly this time. I can feel myself climbing quickly towards another orgasm as you strive towards your own. You feel the pressure building within your balls and your groin. The muscles in your neck bulge and your face reddens.

"I'm cumming, baby!"

I pull you tighter against me as you pound into me. The wet slapping noises of our fucking heighten both our excitement. You pound as hard as you can, once, twice three times before your own muscles contract, shooting your cream deep inside me. The feel of you filling me with your seed brings on my second orgasm and we cry out together. You continue to trust within me as my vagina milks every last drop from you. A few more thrusts and you collapse on top of me, both of us panting and holding tight to one another. Shudders wrack my body with aftershocks.

As our breathing begins to slow, you prop yourself up on your elbows. "Now that we have taken care of that, we can now explore each other fully."

I grin.