 You have no idea how badly I am looking forward to kicking back on my bed in the hotel room, ordering a movie and some room service. Eight hours of hell at work, followed by two hours in line at Greater Pitt, then an eight hour flight into Heathrow. Feels like it's 9:00 AM, tomorrow, and somehow, I still lost a day somewhere. The only thing that kept me going, through the entire 18 hours, was the thought that I would finally get to meet my good friend, and one of the sexiest ladies I know (at least in my mind), from online. We have corresponded via email and IM for the better part of a year, after meeting in an internet chat room, and it feels like I've known her all my life.

Clearing customs, I see her in the crowd. At least I think it is her, having never met her. It might be the big sign she is holding, bold black letters on a yellow background, BUDDHA. I laugh as I walk over, thinking back to the night we met in ACN, that being my nick at the time. "Susan, I presume," I say, taking her in my arms to hug her for the first of what I feel will be many times this weekend.

"Welcome to London, sweetie," followed by a quick kiss on the cheek, "I just know we're gonna have a blast for the next two days. I hope you don't mind, but I took the liberty of canceling your hotel reservation. You will be staying w/ The big guy and I."

You can sense my apprehension even before I speak, but don't realize it is due to the fact that all I want to do is sleep. I explain that I haven't slept since 8 AM, yesterday by my time, and that if it's all the same, I'd rather just crash out in the hotel for now.

"Nonsense, I've got it all covered. We'll get you home, feed you, get a bath and put you to bed for a couple of hours. That way, you should be ready to go out and boogie down with me by the time The big guy gets home from work. I have a great nite planned for the three of us, so you better be well rested by the time we go out." Your laughter spills out of you as we load my bags into your car. The ride home is pleasant and goes quickly with you pointing out landmarks and sharing some local history.

Arriving at your place, you show me to the guestroom, and retire to the kitchen, to whip up some coffee and bagels for a light breakfast. I unpack and lay down on the bed, until the smell of fresh brewed coffee draws me to your side. Taking a mug from your hand, I slide my arm around you, kiss your cheek and thank you again for inviting me to visit. You know how much having someone to visit makes it easier for me to take a much-needed vacation. You muss my hair, slap my ass and say not to mention it, that's what friends are for.

Breakfast finished, you take my hand and lead me to the bathroom. "Strip down to your skivvies, while I fill the tub. I'll give you a nice neck-and-shoulder rub before you climb in." Following orders, I am soon standing there in my boxers, the room filling with steam from the hot bath you have drawn. Slowly lowering my legs into the water, I sit on the edge of the tub so that you may massage my stiff neck and shoulders. Your hands do wonders as I feel all the stress and tension of the last week draining out of my body.

Fully relaxed, I feel your hands slide down my sides until they are resting just above my boxers. Simultaneously, I feel your lips on the back of my neck and your tongue licking to my ear. "There you go, I think your ready for a nice long soak now. Why don't you get out of these and into the water. Or would you rather I help you out of them?"

Slipping my shorts off, I slide into the tub, watching you leave the room. I can't believe I just said that I could manage ok by myself. Soon I slip into a half-conscious state, as my exhaustion combines with the steaming water to knock me out. I know I must be sleeping, because there you are again, standing in the doorway. This surely is a dream. 

You've changed from the jeans and sweater you wore to the airport, and are now dressed in a red, knee-length silk robe, tied at the waist. You come into the room, light a few candles and ask if you can join me. Not one to make the same mistake twice, I simply nod my head. Teasing me, you turn your back to me and slowly untie your robe. You slowly let it slide off your shoulders and drop to the floor. My first site of your slim athletic body, in all it's glory, takes my breath away. As you turn around and step into the tub, I offer you a hand and gently guide you down so that you are sitting between my legs, your back resting against my chest.

My mind still reeling from the shock you've just given me, I ask if everything is cool, what with Your man and all. "It's all good Carl. He and I have an open relationship and trust each other. And besides, before he left for work this morning, I told him I was going to seduce you as soon as we got back from the airport. So you see, if we don't spend the rest of the day making love, you'll make a liar out of me, in the eyes of my partner, and you wouldn't want that, would you?"

"Certainly not. Can't be driving any type of wedge between the two of you." I run my hands up and down your arms, spreading warm water over your soft skin. You take my hands and pull my arms around you, forcing a deep sensuous hug. I kiss the back of your neck as you lean back, my hands roaming across your belly and up to cup your sweet tender breasts, eliciting a soft moan from your lips. I trace the fingertips of one hand up and down the soft skin of your arm, as the other makes its way up to your face. I gently turn you to face me, our lips meeting in a sweet soft kiss. Turning more passionate, you slip your tongue between my lips and guide my hands back to your breasts. "Mmmmmmmm, yes, I like the way you touch me. Your hands feel so good on my body." Taking your cue, I slide one hand down to stroke your thighs, the other gently kneading the supple flesh of your breast. As I begin to toyingly pinch and pull on your now hard nipple, you turn in the tub, sliding one leg behind my back. 

Our kissing has now taken on an animalistic quality and you reach up and guide my mouth towards your breast. As I suck one hard nipple between my lips, your hands slip down over my shoulders and into my lap. There they find what you were looking for, and you slowly begin stroking my hard 8 inches. Again, following your lead, I allow my hands to drift up your thighs until I am running my fingers up and down the sweet folds of your neatly shaved pussy.

Excitement causing my breath to come in ragged gasps, I ask if you'd like to move to a bedroom, before things go too far. As close as you are, it is all you can do to nod that it might be a good idea. Both our legs weak, we somehow manage to get out of the tub, dry off and stumble down the hall to my room.

As we enter the room, I grab your arm, pull you to me and pick you up. You wrap you legs around my waist and I walk the rest of the way to the bed kissing you deeply. Gently, I lay you back on the bed and for a minute I just stand there and stare at your naked beauty. Kneeling at the end of the bed, I slowly begin kissing my way up your right leg. My hands slide up ahead of my lips, gently spreading your legs. Finally, you can take no more and reach out to pull my head up to your clearly excited pussy. Again, the site takes my breath away.  I lean in and kiss the inside of your thigh, my fingers tracing your slightly parted lips, up and down. My tongue makes its way to where we both want it, and I lightly lick an entire circle around your pussy, finally licking up to your hard little clitoris.

Slowly at first, then more rapidly, I gently flicker the tip of my tongue over your love button. A deep guttural moan escapes your lips as you press on the back of my head.  You raise your hips off the bed trying to increase the pressure against your clit, but I pull away, wanting to prolong your pleasure. Reaching one hand up to caress your breasts, I take your throbbing clit between my lips and suck it into my mouth. My tongue races back and forth, up and down, and then in small circles. Sensing your need and desire, I slowly slide first one, then two fingers into your tight love canal, feeling you clench around them. I begin to rhythmically slide them in and out as you match my pace with your hips. Faster and faster I move my fingers, faster and faster my tongue traces circles around your clit. Your tightening stomach muscles tell me your orgasm is near, so I slow the pace of my tongue. My finger cease to move in and out and now remain deeply buried inside you. Twisting them around, I begin to apply slow steady pressure outwards, massaging the very center of your pleasure zone. Your gasp signals I have found the spot. As you build towards your release, you press my mouth tighter against your little bud, grinding your pussy against my invading fingers. Looking up, I catch your eyes just as the first wave hits. Your hips rise far off the bed and both hands fly to the back of my head. I keep the pressure on your magic spot and suck your hard little clit back into my mouth lightly nibbling on it. Wave after wave of pleasure course through your body, your head flying back and you begin to groan loudly. Wanting to taste your sweet cream, I pull my fingers out of your pussy and slide my tongue in their place. Locking my lips over you, I lick and suck all the joy juice now running from you.

As you finally begin to come back to earth, you softly pull me up into your arms. I slip to the side, take you in a tight embrace and kiss you deeply, my cock sliding between your damp thighs. Tasting yourself on my lips, you moan again as a mini-O rolls gently through your pleasure centers. "That was amazing. I always knew you'd be an awesome lover, but never in my wildest fantasies did I dream it would be that good. Now it's my turn to take care of you."

"Why don't we rest for a bit first," I say. "I still never got to take that nap you promised me, and if you enjoyed that half as much as it seemed, you could use a little breather as well."

"Mmmmmmm, I guess your right." Turning around, you slip into a spoon position, pulling my arms tight around you. Reaching between your legs, you slip my still hard cock between the velvety smoothness of your thighs, and we drift off to sleep.

TO BE CONTINUED . . .