 The door to my room opened, and there she was. We had been talking about doing this for what seemed like half of forever, and, now, here she is. Right here in front of me, she stands, a bit ruffled from the trip, but still beautiful. I take her hand, lead her in, gently closing the door behind.

"How was your trip?"

"Long, I hate the airport security anymore, it's such a pain. They picked me for a random search, because you know, I look so much like a terrorist."

A terrorist...definitely not. Long, dark hair, shining eyes, a killer smile, and wonderful curves were standing in front of me. She was just wearing a simple blouse and a pair of jeans, something comfortable for a long day of travel. Even with her sweaty hair messed up by the breeze, she was sexy as hell. The pictures I had seen did not do her the least bit of justice. 

"If I may say so, you look great. I have to say, I have been pacing since I got up here. I was a bit worried that you wouldn't look as good as in your pictures. You don't quite look like your pictures, you look much better."

She smiled wide and said, "So do you, I spent the whole trip wondering the same thing. I was so nervous. I have never done anything like this before."

"Neither have I, but there is something I have done before," I said, letting my voice trail off and smiling. Without another word, I stepped forward, put my arms around her, bag and all, and kissed her hard on the mouth. She wrapped herself on me, and her tongue soon found mine as we pulled in tight to one another. 

Breaking it off a few moments later, she pushed me back, dropping the bag that was still sitting on her shoulder. Stretching, she said, "I'm so stiff, those airplane seats made my back so sore. Do you think you could give me a massage?"

"Of course, though if you don't mind, that top will have to come off." I said, with a not so sly grin and a wink.

"I thought you'd never ask." was the reply with a smile.

She turned away from me, slowly unbuttoning the blouse. With a coy smile, she dropped the shirt to the floor. I saw her bra hooked in the front. She continued to smile at me, shrugged her bra off, held it out and dropped it on top of her shirt. Without another word, she dropped onto the bed rested her head on the pillow and closed her eyes. 

Even I couldn't miss that sort of hint. Kicking my shoes off, I climbed onto the bed. I positioned myself straddling the tops of her legs, and lead forward, placing my hands on her neck. Kneading her aching muscles, I started on her neck, squeezing the tension of the trip away. She sighed as my hands moved to her shoulders. I felt the tightness melt away. Leaning back a bit, I lightly ran my fingertips down the smooth skin of her back. Tracing her spine, I let my hands glide up and back, feeling her shiver at my touch. 

Some time later, she is relaxed, a dreamy smile on her face, and making a sound that almost sounds like purring. I pull off my shirt as quietly as I can, tossing it aside. Leaning down so that she feels my bare skin on hers, I brush aside her hair and kiss the back of her neck. As she tries to roll over, I pin her down, and start kissing down her back, on her shoulders, everywhere that can be reached. As she starts to shudder and squirm, I decide she has been teased enough and ease off, allowing her to roll onto her back.

"That was just what I needed. You always talked about how good you were at that, and you didn't lie."

With that, she pulled my face to hers, her lips on mine, her tongue probing. As strong as her grip was, I didn't have much choice but to kiss her back. I felt a heat come over my body and she released my head and started to rub my back. I took the opportunity to move from her lips and down to her neck. Nudging her head to the side, I planted kissed first on the right, then the left, hearing her start to gently moan. 

My body slides down hers as I move to kiss her shoulders, then down her arms and back up. I kiss the space between her breasts, now holding her arms away, so I can do as I wish to her. I take a nipple in my mouth, tugging it with my lips as my tongue teases the tip. As I pull away, I rake it with my teeth and shift to the other side. I lick circles around the hard nipple, spiraling in, and feeling her try to push it towards my mouth. Taking it in my lips, I suck hard and pull, drawing a loud sigh.

Smiling, I kiss my way down her stomach, quickly at first, then slowing as I approach the top of her pants. I release her hands, and lick a circle around her belly button, my hands unbuttoning her jeans and then sliding them down. Rolling aside, I pull them down and off her legs, watching her kick them out of the way. My lips find their way to her thigh just below the panty line. I can already smell her arousal through the black lace panties. My lips trail down the inside of her thigh, stopping just short of her knee. My tongue traces back up, lightly brushing her wet panties. Slowly down, and even slower back up, my lips plant many tiny kisses on the soft skin of her inner thigh. 

I hook the elastic of her panties with my thumbs, and quickly pull them away. Inhaling the intoxicating scent, I lick her waxed outer lips, just parting them, getting my first taste of her wonderful flavor. Her hands run through my hair as my licks go a little deeper each time. When I reach her hot opening, I reach my tongue in as far as I can, licking, tasting, trying to gather every drop. I lick my way upwards again, and come to her clit, first blowing a warm breath on it. As I start to lick circles around the lovely pearl, her moans become louder, and her hands pull me closer. My tongue brushes her clit, and she pushes her hips towards me. I take it in my lips and gently lick the end, her hands and hips squeezing me. As I lightly nip the tip, her hands released my head, She screamed and shook, and I feet a warm wetness on my neck. I quickly lean down, and catch a little bit in my mouth, savoring the taste. When her shakin

"Oh my god, that was amazing," she whispered a while later. "It was the best orgasm I have ever had. No guy has ever made me cum like that."

Smiling, I replied, "I'm glad you enjoyed."

Rolling on top of me, in a sultry voice, she said, "Now it's your turn."

As I smile my agreement, she started kissing my chest. Her lips felt amazing as they wandered over my body, lightly planting kisses as they went. My nipples felt like they were on fire when they found themselves in her path. As she moved down, her hands started to massage me through my pants, making me as hard as I ever got. She quickly undid my belt and pants, pushing them down to my knees. Moving next to my waist, she made my underwear soon join my jeans, and then soon after, pushed them to the floor. 

"Even better than the pictures," she cooed, as she stroked my cock gently. Leaning down, she took the tip in her mouth as she continued to stroke. I couldn't believe the feeling. This was the most amazing thing I had ever felt. She licked up and down with her tongue, stopping to plant and occasional kiss, massaging my balls all the while. I began to moan uncontrollably, and she looked up and smiled. There are no words to describe the sensation as she took my entire length in her mouth. The she started to suck, and that put me over the edge. I exploded, screaming, and she continued to suck, taking it all in. 

She pulled herself next to me, settling in the crook of my arm. I looked down as her and smiled, then held her tight against me. We lay that way for a long time, feeling each other's warmth, enjoying the closeness that had been dreamed about for so long. Nothing was said, nothing had to be said. We had been talking, and talking about meeting for what seemed like ages. That it finally came true was a wonder in itself. That it was this amazing was nothing short of a miracle. 

After a while, the beautiful, naked woman next to me began to have the expected effect. Her gaze fell upon it, and she rolled onto her back, spreading her legs. Not one to disappoint, I rolled on top of her, locking lips as I positioned myself. Pausing at her entrance, I pulled away from her kiss and smiled, then slowly, pushed inside. Sliding slowly in, I entered fully, and pushed my hips against her. At the same deliberate pace, I pulled back out, only barely remaining inside. Her hot wetness felt amazing, as I keep moving slowly into and back out of her. Before long, she tried to grab me and pull me in faster and harder, but I resisted, wanting to draw out the tension and experience as long as possible. As a torrent or obsecenities flowed from her mouth, I felt her squeezing me, telling, asking me, begging me to move faster, that she couldn't take it anymore. I smiled, shook my head, and continued the slow strokes, the teasingly slow pace. As her moans turned to screams, I began to feel my own build up. I increased my speed, and before long was pushing into her as hard and as fast as I could. I felt her muscles clench me, and lost it, cumming deep inside her, feeling her orgasm pull every drop from me. Lost for words, I rolled next to her, and pulled her head to my chest. 

"I can't believe we waited this long," she said when she caught her breath.

"Well then, we will just have to make up for lost time..."