 Through-out my 20's and in some of my 30's I had a wonderful friend with benefits. The first night we met, we were both 20 years old (we are 45 now) we ended up having sex on the floor at our friend's parents' cottage. Grace and I were never a "couple", we never really dated, though we did go out the odd time, our meetings were always about having sex.

My group of friends and her friends began to hang out quite a bit through our 20's but I never told my friends about the arrangement Grace and I had. She admitted to telling a couple of her friends about it. (That is actually an interesting side story!) We both decided it should be kept just between us and telling people about it would only lead to unwanted issues. We were both happy with our get togethers and we didn't need any pressure from people thinking it should be more than what we wanted.

Our "booty-calls" (for lack of a better term) continued while we both dated other people, and even after her engagement and into the start of her marriage. It only stopped when I met my future wife. Over the years we continued to just see each other occasionally when our friends got together. But we never continued with our fun, that is, until a couple weeks ago.

Grace is a lovely lady from Korea. She's about 5ft 4, and slightly on the larger size for an Asian. Broader shoulders, long dark hair, big brown eyes, full luscious lips, and large firm breasts with sensitive pyramid nipples. For the last while I found myself with a touch of Asian fever and of course I began to think about Grace.

Out of the blue, a couple of Saturday's ago, I sent her an email telling her I'd like to see her again. I added I'd be going into my work Sunday so I could get extra work done. Nobody would be there to bother me. I knew she lives close to my work. A couple of hours later she sent me a reply asking what time I'd be there and she would make an excuse to leave her house to see me. I knew this would be fun.

On that Sunday afternoon I saw Grace pull up in the parking lot. She didn't know I saw her through the window of my office. She sat in her in her car fixing her hair and adjusting her clothes slightly. I watched her walk up to the front of my business and knock. I made her wait a minute, then I went to the door.

She gave me a big, lovely smile as I came to the door. She had on a loose fitting dress, which showed off some cleavage and would keep her cool on this hot day. After I opened the door she came right in and gave me a big hug. We greeted each other like old friends.

I poured her a beer (I work in a craft brewery) and we sat down and chatted for quite awhile. We were chatting a lot and I was beginning to wonder if this was going anywhere. We needed a change of atmosphere so I offered her a tour of the brewery. As I showed her the brewery I put my arm around her waist. She turned and said; "You're an ass! You think you can just call me after ten years and think we're going to start fucking?!"

I replied honestly; "Yes." 

"You ass" she stated but I leaned down and started kissing her. She then pushed me back, slapped my face, but then she leaned in and started kissing me. Her tongue darting into my mouth. 

I was a little thrown off. She never acted this way before. I realized this will be a sexual experience focusing around a power struggle.

We were locked at our mouths as we started feeling each other's bodies right beside the breweries bottling line. I propped her up on a metal table as I pushed myself between her legs and started to grind against her. She pulled and ripped my button off my button down shirt exposing my bare chest. She then bent down and started to lick and nibble lightly on my nipples. Not many women do this but I quickly remembered how she often did this. I also remembered that she had very sensitive nipples. I unzipped the back of her dress and pulled her dress down, exposing her large breasts. She did not wear a bra.

I enjoyed feeling Gen's large breasts, rubbing them together, lighting teasing her rock hard nipples. She continued to suck on my nipples as she reached down and began to ferociously undo the belt of my jeans. She was very eager. She then pulled my belt right out of the loops and quickly used it by slapping the leather against my chest. I returned this action by pulling on both her breasts right to her nipples, then squeezing and pinching them with a final yank. Grace let out a squeaking noise of pleasure and pain and she whipped me again with my belt.

I then pushed her down on the large metal table. As I moved up on the table I started to suck on her nipples, teasing them with my tongue then lightly biting on them. "You know I love your mouth, you know where I want your mouth", Grace cried out. But as I started to go down she grabbed my the back of my head with one of her hands and said, "No keep sucking my tits - it feels so good." With her other hand she then whipped the belt over the back of my neck and held my head tight against her large breasts as I continued to suck and bite them. Every time I gave a little bite on her nipples she let out a small shriek and she kept telling me to keep going. Suddenly her arms stretched out as as grabbed either side of the table, and my belt flew to the floor. 

"I really need your cock!" She yelled as I bit down on a nipple. She reached down and unbuttoned my pants and she pulled them down with her foot. I sat up on my knees, between her legs, my pants now dropped to the floor showing off my hard thick cock. "Don't make me wait, I want it hard and fast!" Grace ordered as I reached under her dress. To my surprise she was also not wearing any panties - she came prepared for a fuck. 

With Grace stretched out on the metal table, her dress pulled down under her breasts and now bunched up over her wet and throbbing pussy, I moved up and ran the thick head off my cock through her slit and over her clit. She groaned loudly as I slowly entered her. Inch after inch off my hard cock drove slowly into her waiting wet pussy. "Oh yes" she exhaled. When she thought I was fully in, I moved my hips pushing my cock even deeper inside her. "Oh yes, I forgot how good your cock feels!" She moaned in pleasure. Her pussy felt so moist, yet also tight as I moved grinding deep in her, stretching her pussy, I could feel her wetness dripping down my balls. I needed a taste.

I decided to pull out of her and pulled her to the edge of the table. She looked at me a little confused, but as I knelt down in front of the table she knew what was coming. I rubbed on the outside off her pussy massaging her, getting blood flowing even more around her slit. I then took a big lick right up her slit, tasting her wetness, as I stretched her pussy out with my hands. "Oh god" she hollered "I'm not going to be able to handle this!" Her juices were flowing all down my chin and over my face as I continued to lick her. I loved the taste of Grace and she loved me tasting her. I flicked her clit with my tongue and slid two of my fingers high inside her, massaging her from inside and outside. Her breathing became faster and moaning became louder as I knew I hit her spot. Her hips started bucking up to my mouth and I pushed my free hand under her ass giving her more leverage as I ate and massaged her. Her legs then clamped down, gripping my head as she bucked more, thrusting herself to my mouth, she let out a scream of pleasure. "YESSSSSSSS!" As she orgasmed; "OH GOD, OH GOD...YESSSSS" she let it out again. "NO MORE, NO MORE...YESSSSSS!" she screamed again but this time pushed my head away. My face was soaked with her juices. I wasn't done.

I the pulled her off the table but her weak legs buckled below her which left her kneeling on all fours on the floor. She managed to arch her back, inviting me to enter her from behind. Once again I grinded my thick cock into her. She felt so good as I moved deep into her feeling her wetness enveloping my thick cock. "Oh god!" She yelled "I can't take anymore!" As I continued to pump into her, and rub her clit from behind. My hand was soaked with her wetness and I felt my balls begin to tighten and I became ready to cum. I pulled out off her pussy as her juices dripped to the floor. "Turn around!" I ordered; "Taste your own juices!" She spun around as I knelt on my knees in front of her waiting mouth. I stuffed my cock through her lips as she eagerly sucked her juices off my throbbing cock. "Get ready! I'm going to shoot!" I called out as I shot a huge load into her mouth and down her throat. I pulled out of her mouth and slapped her face with my cock getting more cum on her face then stuffed it back into her mouth. "Suck me dry" I stated, and Grace did. She kept sucking my cock until I couldn't stand it anymore and had to pull out. 

We collapsed beside each other right on the brewery floor. After a few minutes we got up. My knees felt weak but I felt a great relief and a glow. "Wow, we should not wait so long to do this again." Grace told me. We chatted for a little while and finally Grace told me she had to get back home to her husband and kids. We are going to meet up for a "drink" after work later this week. 

While it was great to fuck Grace again it did feel kind of strange afterwards. We'll see if we continue to fuck or if we just had to do it one more time to get it out of our system... actually the more I think about it the more I know we will be fucking a lot in the near future.