 After I let myself in, I stealthily made my way into her bedroom, expecting to find her still sleeping. I glanced to see Alyssa reclining on her bed peacefully, lying on her side, presenting me with a delightful view of her superb ass. Although there were no lights on, the early morning sun was spreading out over her bed through the horizontal blinds. She hadn't realized that I was in the room with her yet, and as I took in the sight of the graceful curves of her shapely derriere, I felt a slight bulge forming in my pants. 

I looked at her pretty mane of strawberry-blonde hair falling past her shoulders, and it appeared to me that she was lightly caressing her firm pert breasts. Suddenly, she turned over, and I feared I would be discovered, but I looked to see her lying flat on her back, eyes tightly closed. She brought both hands slowly across her flat belly as she delivers her hands to her erect nipples. I saw Alyssa gently pinch each nipple between her thumb and forefinger, and she lightly moaned as she opened her legs a little wider. Upon hearing her moan, my cock rose to attention in my pants, urged on by the view I had of her moist swelled labia. I removed my shirt silently and put it on the floor. 

She continued to tug and pull on her excited nipples, lightly purring something over and over, but I couldn't quite decipher what she was uttering. Her hands stopped teasing her perky nipples, and after taking each breast in her dainty hands, she very slowly ran her finger tips down her lithe body. She brought one finger to her subtle sunken navel, and I watched as her other hand very slowly proceeded to her pubic mound, building up her anticipation, and rested there. She seemed to be savoring the softness of her curly strawberry-blonde pubic patch, and she was still lightly massaging her erect nipple with her other hand. 

"Damn, she's hot and alluring," I thought to myself. I saw her part her legs a bit wider, and it seemed to me that the glistening wet spot between her legs had increased. I noiselessly unfastened the button on my Dockers, and very slowly eased the zipper down, stepping out of my pants. 

Just as I was stepping out of my pants, I looked in time to see her very slowly, very deliberately insinuate her middle finger along her slit, shiny with her abundant juices. I was expecting her to ease her finger inside her tenacious pussy, but instead, she delighted me, bringing her finger to her soft lips and sucking it softly into her mouth, and began sexily purring that same sound she was making earlier. It was still too low to hear correctly. She removed her finger from her tender lips very slowly, her lips seductively surrounding her finger as she eased it from her lips, and spreading her legs a little farther, making that sexy sound again. I looked directly between her legs, seeing her distended swollen lips glisten with her sexual desire, and viewed her finger trailing its way to her moistened spot of hunger.

As her finger reached her enchantingly wet pussy, she started to rhythmically slide her finger along the crevice of her dewy slit, avoiding any penetration for the time being. Alyssa began to seductively chant that word again, but I still couldn't recognize what it was, only that it had two syllables. I watched her add an additional finger to the one gliding along her swollen lips, then suddenly, she plunged two fingers into her dripping pussy, and moaned dreamily. "Oooooooh," she purred in a heightened state of excitement, and she began to stroke her slick fingers in and out of her tight pussy. I witnessed her distended pussy lips grasping at her fingers as she withdrew them, and I could feel my cock throbbing from the erotic sight I was witnessing. I could sense the sexy aroma of her erotic juices, and yearned to lick them from her body.

Alyssa continued to thrust her two fingers faster in her devouring saturated quim, softly murmuring that sound again, and I could see her lovely breasts heaving on her chest, now draped with a soft sheen of sweat by her excitement. 

'She's saying 'Hunter'!' I exclaimed to myself, an enormous sense of pride welling up in my chest. 'Damn, no wonder I love that woman!', still beaming at my discovery of her 'mystery' term.

I withdrew from my reverie in time to see her bringing her fingers to her lips once more, this time noisily sucking and licking them while she moaned my name. After she'd cleaned them thoroughly, she immediately brought them back to her gleaming wet pussy, inserting her fingers in to the hilt. She withdrew her two fingers, and slowly, very tentatively, approached her throbbing clit, and she was breathing quite rapidly. 

As soon as she touched her sensitive nub, I looked to see her moving her head on from side to side, with a soft sexy smile upon her face. With two lubricated fingers, she began to softly massage her excited nubbin, and she cried my name, only louder and more urgently this time. I looked down to see a drop of pre-cum at the slit on the swollen head of my cock. She moved her fingers in a slow circular motion, sexily moaning, and gyrating her firm ass as she steadily increased her rhythm. She began to whimper loudly now, lifting her fine ass off of the bed, and she rubbed her fingers briskly across her swollen clit. Suddenly, her fingers stopped rubbing her erect bud, and after she emitted a high-pitched squeal, she went completely rigid, not moving a muscle on her bed. 

"Hello, lover... like the show?" she asked with a beguiling grin on her face. "How's tricks? And by the looks of things, it looks like you're pretty glad to see me," she asked playfully, playfully pointing to the almost obscenely hard object jutting from my body.

"How did you know?!" I asked incredulously, not believing what I was hearing. "I didn't see you open your eyes."

"It was your cologne, Hunter. It's pretty distinctive, you know. Hardly anyone wears Brut anymore," she replied, then looked at me with a demand in her eyes. "Lick my pussy, Hunter. You know you want to." she purred.

"Much obliged, ma'am," I replied with a grin, eager to taste her flowing wetness.

I very slowly approached her glistening pussy, and I moved in to lick the wet folds of her heated slit, she suddenly reached down and pulled me closer to her warm pussy. I flicked my tongue upon her swollen lips, then thrust it deeply into her heated box, and she pulled me even closer to her sweet velvet tunnel. I heard her moaning excitedly as I pushed my tongue deeply into her, savoring the taste of her juices. I heard her begging me to fuck her, urging me to "fuck me, Hunter... fuck me hard... shove your fat cock into my juicy cunt," but I tried to ignore her, continuing to ready her for my aggressive entry, my cock throbbing at her exhortations.

I surrounded her wet clit with my lips, and slowly bathed her excited button with a flattened tongue. She moved her hands from her legs until she rested them softly on the back of by head, running her fingers softly through my hair, and pulling me tenderly to her soaked arousal. I moved from her throbbing clit, giving it one final lash of my darting tongue, and I move to the center of her tenacious pussy, and I gently suck her distended labial lips into my mouth. I can hear her throatily whispering "Oh, fuck me, honey... fuck me hard!" as she spread her slender legs as widely as they would go. I took one final easy suck on her drenched pussy, and moved up until I am looking intently in her sexy blue eyes. 

"Please Hunter... I need you," Alyssa whispered, and then our lips embraced in a lusty kiss, our tongues wrestling back and forth. We paused the kiss, and she lovingly licked the remains of her tart juices off of my face as I positioned my hard swollen cock at the mouth of her excited desire. I eased into her invitingly warm pussy, and I felt the jolt of excitement that comes from pleasing the one you love. I felt her dainty hands on my ass, urging me forward, and without a word, I slid deeply into her slippery folds. She made a soft sound of excitement as my throbbing cock sank in to the hilt, and we set about on a trance-like rhythm, and she moved her hips up to me, meeting my thrusts. 

I picked up my tempo, and as her legs wrapped around the back of my ass, I slid into her deeply, my swollen balls slapping the back of her firm ass. We continued for what seemed liked an eternity, when in actuality it was 20 minutes, and I looked to see her head flailing about in ecstasy. She closed her eyes, and as I felt the familiar swelling in my balls, I thrust deeply into her, releasing spurt after spurt of my pearly white cum inside her wet tunnel. When she felt my load hitting her womb, she began to cum, flailing her head and digging her nails down my back.

We rested for several minutes, catching our breath, and she turned to me. "Gee, Hunter! That was fun. Can we do that again?" with an impertinent smile on her face.