 Thursday

Angel checked her email and smiled as she saw her inbox. He had written her again, but she wasn't sure if she should read it. The last email contained a good number of pictures, the first few clothed and the rest, well let's just say they were creatively naked! She opened the mail and read.

I'm sorry about making you uncomfortable with the pics. I thought you would enjoy them. I hope you are still talking to me.

 Mike

She laughed to herself as she responded. If he only knew.

Of course I'm still talking to you. It's just that I have been fighting with my hubby a lot and my job is shitty and the pics make my mind do MORE than wander (if you know what I mean). I don't know what to think anymore.

 Angel

As she began to browse through the remaining emails, mostly spam, she was surprised to see that he responded immediately. She opened the mail and read.

I understand about things being crazy. I won't send any more pics. I don't want to get you in trouble, but I would still like to meet you if you want to.

 Mike

Ever since he had quit working with her over a year ago, they had kept contact via email, each of them expressing their hidden desires to do sensual and sexual things to the other. She had thought about it quite a lot, especially now since her marriage was on such shaky grounds. She just wanted to be held and appreciated. She hit reply on the email and sat, staring at the screen, her mind traveling at mach speed. Then, she began to type.

Saturday night I am going to tell hubby that my girlfriends and I are going dancing and we will be out late. If you want to, I would love to meet at CJ's for a drink and maybe something to eat. Just to see you again and talk. Let me know.

 Angel

With a shaky hand, she hit send on the email. What the hell am I doing?!! Her mind screamed. Angel closed down her email account when she heard her husband coming and went to the kitchen to start dinner. She found it difficult to concentrate, wondering whether he would reply and if he did, what he would say. 

After cleaning up the dishes from dinner and loading them in the dishwasher, she went to the living room where her husband was watching television. She tried to make small talk but as usual, he wasn't talking. Frustrated, she went to the guest bedroom and turned on the computer. She logged onto her email and saw that Mike had responded. She checked to make sure the coast was clear and opened it.

I would love to meet you at CJ's. I will be there at 7. Can't wait!

 Mike

She shut down the computer after taking one last look at the pictures he had sent and reading a few of his stories and went to the bathroom to take care of her overwhelming sexual tension.

Saturday

Angel looked at the clock and rushed to finish her hair. It was almost 6:00 and she wasn't ready. She had labored over what to wear for her meeting. She didn't want to dress too slutty, giving him the wrong impression. She wanted to look good. After a half hour of trying on outfits, she decided to wear something a bit naughty. After all, Mike had shown her ALL of his body… what's a little leg and cleavage? She chose a short black skirt and a dark button up top to wear. Angel put on some thigh-hi stockings and decided she would go without panties. The thought of meeting Mike without wearing panties made her pussy tingle and her nipples hard. She put on a black bra and buttoned the shirt up enough so that her husband wouldn't question her choice of clothing. 

By 6:30 she was finally ready. She glanced into the mirror, hoping deep down that he didn't think she was too fat. Since having her baby several months prior, she had lost a good deal of weight, but she was never going to be 110 pounds. Somewhat unsure but determined to go, she grabbed her coat and purse and headed for the door. On her way to the door she passed her husband.

"I'm going now. I should be home by 3," she said.

"Whatever," was his response.

She felt anger and resentment towards the father of her children and any fears she had about meeting Mike were gone. Angel pulled into the parking lot of CJ's and checked her make-up in the mirror. Before getting out of the car, she unbuttoned her top so that he would get a good look at her cleavage.

Smiling, she got out of the car and headed for the door. She noticed someone standing outside, his hands in the pockets of his tan slacks. He had on a sports coat and a nice gray shirt. At first, she didn't recognize him, but as she moved closer, she saw that it was Mike. He smiled when he saw her and waved, walking towards her.

"Hi, I wasn't sure you were going to make it," he said to her as he wrapped his arms around her holding her close. She could smell his cologne as he held her and felt his hand on her lower back, pulling her close. She welcomed the embrace and pressed herself against him.

"Yeah right, you knew I'd be here. I can't stand up an old workmate," she replied, laughing.

They laughed together briefly and went inside. CJ's was a dance club/sports grill that served decent dinner, though almost all of it deep-fried. They both decided to throw calories to the wind and ordered chicken strips. As they ate, they talked about their present jobs, Angel's husband situation, and Mike's pending job. Several times during dinner, Angel noticed Mike's hand on her leg. When he wasn't looking, she pulled her skirt up just enough so that the next time he touched her, his hand would not just be touching her skirt, just her stocking-covered leg. She let her hand do a bit of friendly exploring as well, but she didn't make it obvious that she was aroused and wanted to move her hand higher.

After dinner, Angel grabbed Mike by the hand and dragged him onto the dance floor, kicking and screaming. She wasn't sure why he didn't want to dance as he moved very nicely. As they danced and the songs progressed, she noticed that they began to dance closer and closer. With her back turned against him, she swallowed deeply and pressed her ass against him. She was relieved when she felt his hands on her hips, pulling her closer. She could now feel him rubbing against her and growing harder. The feeling and the thought that SHE was doing this to him excited her and she pressed harder, moving her ass up and down against his crotch. She leaned back and laid her head against his chest. Mike's hand moved to her belly. At first she was self-conscious about her weight, but as she felt his fingers caressing her, she relaxed. 

Sweaty and in need of a drink, she whispered in his ear.

"Let's go sit down for a minute, I need to rest."

"Ok, but walk closely in front of me. I don't want anyone seeing my in the state I'm in," he replied with a giggle.

Angel did as he asked, holding his hand as they moved from the dance floor. As they walked towards their table, a couple walked in front of her and she had to stop abruptly. Not meaning to, her hand came into firm contact with his crotch. Briefly she considered jerking it away, but the thoughts of feeling him against her ass on the dance floor overcame her shyness and she let go of his hand and exchanged it with his cock. He did not flinch and she was sure he was either smiling or had his eyes WIDE OPEN as she squeezed him gently. He felt so good in her hand and though she had seen it in pictures, it felt incredible to her. She let go when the couple finally passed and they went to their table.

As they sipped on their drinks, Angel began to feel strange and guilty about grabbing at Mike. 

"Mike, I'm sorry I grabbed you. I shouldn't have... You were probably too shocked to remove my hand from your…you know."

"Angel, I didn't mind at all," he replied, taking her hand and placing it on his lap. She was quite pleased with what she felt. The attraction was quite obvious. She smiled naughtily and began to move her hand slowly across his slacks. In response, she felt his hand moving up her thigh. It moved past the top of her stockings and she moved her leg to give him easier access. Slowly, he moved his hand up her leg until she felt his fingers touching her bare pussy lips. She moaned softly and saw him smile. His fingers spread her lips slightly and she felt her wetness almost running onto them. He slid his middle finger inside and she grasped his hard cock forcefully.

"Let's get out of here," Mike said.

Unable to speak, Angel only nodded in agreement and stood. They walked to his car, which was parked closer to the doors.

"Follow me," he said.

"Where?"

"Over there."

She looked over and saw a hotel conveniently located across the street. With only a moment's hesitation, she agreed. And before arriving to her car, they shared an intense kiss. Their tongues intertwined and as she pressed herself against him she could feel his hardness. He gently sucked on her tongue before pulling away. 

"Let's go," Angel said. 

She followed him to the hotel parking lot. She stayed outside so he could rent the room without her being seen. It was a different town than the one she lived in but she still wanted to be careful. She could explain some drunken dancing, but not this. After getting the key, Mike walked outside and to her car. He took her by the hand and they went to the room.

Once inside, Angel let her passion erupt. She turned on the television to some music and pushed Mike onto the bed. She turned on the bathroom light and shut off the room lights. 

She began to dance to the music, watching his reactions. Angel unbuttoned her top and with her back to Mike, pulled it from her body. She then undid her bra and pulled the straps off her arms. She held the bra to her chest and turned to him. She saw that he had removed his coat and shirt while she was removing hers and she threw him her bra. She began to rub her large breasts and pinched her hard nipples. She then placed her right leg up on the counter in front of him and bent over, pulling her skirt up slowly. She looked back to see Mike taking off his pants and boxers. She felt her pussy begin to flow with wetness as she saw him stroke his hard cock slowly for her, in anticipation. Bending over farther, she spread her ass cheeks so he could get a good look at her shaven pussy and then she slid 2 fingers inside herself. She watched him stroking his cock faster and her fingers began to move in rhythm with his.

"Come over here," Mike said.

Angel removed her skirt, but left her shoes and stockings on. She moved to the bed and he stood, taking her in his arms. They kissed passionately, his hard cock feeling warm against her belly. She reached between them and began stroking it. It felt so thick and hard. She had to have it in her mouth. Angel let her tongue glide down Mike's chest, licking his nipples, and then down to his cock. Normally she would tease him by licking along his shaft and head but she needed to feel it in her mouth, to see how much of it she could get down her throat. She began to fuck his cock with her mouth, her saliva dripping down her chin. She pulled back, seeing that it was nicely lubricated and began moving her hand over him, causing his legs to buckle. She pushed Mike down on the bed and moved in closer. After sliding the middle finger of her left hand into her wet pussy, she brought it to his ass and pushed it in slowly. He moaned audibly and she felt his cock grow even harder in her mouth. She began to slide her finger in and out of his ass as she moved her mouth over his cock.

"Oh my GOD. I'm going to cum!" Mike exclaimed.

This only enticed her more and she moved faster. She felt his cock swell in her mouth and explode. He came so much she couldn't swallow it all and some of it spilled onto his leg. When his cock stopped pulsating, she did something she never thought she would do. She leaned over and licked the cum off his leg, cleaning him up.

"My turn," Mike said, his eyes shining.

He stood on shaky legs and bent her over the bed. Angel rested her tits on the mattress and reaching behind herself, spread her ass cheeks for him. She felt his tongue tickling her ass and pressing inside. She had never had a man lick her ass before. It felt so naughty that she could feel herself getting close to orgasm from that action alone. He then pushed his tongue deep into her pussy. He then rolled her over onto her back and she moved up on the bed, spreading her legs wide. He moved between them and began to lick her pussy lips and the inside of her thighs. She wanted [needed] to feel his tongue on her clit. She could feel it throbbing and desperately wanted to touch it. Just as she was reaching to relieve herself, she felt his tongue glide from inside her pussy to her clit. He licked it with long, slow licks at first and then began to apply more pressure and lick faster. His fingers went inside her pussy and began to rub her g-spot. Angel's legs shook as he worked his magic with his tongue. She felt her body tighten as he gently sucked her clit into his mouth and then exploded. Her hips bucked and she writhed on the bed as she came. Her pussy juices ran freely from her and Mike made every effort to lick them up. 

Normally, after she came, she was done for the night, but when she looked at Mike, she saw that he was standing in front of her between her legs, and his cock was hard. Reaching out, she took it in her hands and pulled it to her pussy. She rubbed his head between her slit and over her clit, causing her to shiver. Mike, taking control, pushed slowly into her. He felt so good inside her and he began to move very slowly, pulling it all the way out before pushing it back in. They moved up so that they were completely on the bed and she wrapped her legs around his waste and lined his cock up with her pussy.

"Fuck me hard. I need it so bad," she said to him.

In response, she felt Mike's cock slam into her. He pistoned himself into her pussy; her entire body moved upward with each thrust. He took her nipples into his mouth one at a time, sucking on them hard. She then rolled him onto his back and sat on his cock. He was deep inside her now and she began to move her hips so that his head rubbed her cervix. The feeling was incredible. Angel felt her orgasm building and she began to slam her pussy down onto him.

"Don't cum yet. Oh god, please don't cum yet. I'm so close!" she screamed.

Angel sat on him hard as she came, her fingernails digging into his chest. She reached behind herself to feel his balls and could feel her juices running down them. After her orgasm subsided, she slid off his cock and got on her hands and knees in front of him.

"I want you to cum for me now," she said, arching her back so he could see her pussy hole.

Mike moved behind her and slid his cock deep inside her still quaking pussy. He fucked her like an animal. Holding onto her hips, he slammed his cock into her. Mike's balls slapped against her clit, sending shivers down her spine. She knew if he kept fucking her like this, she would cum again soon.

"Where do you want me to cum?" Mike asked, gasping.

"Oh god, cum in my pussy. I want to cum again."

Mike began to move even faster and suddenly she felt him pressing deep into her pussy. His cock swelled and began to pulsate. She could feel his cum spraying inside her pussy, warm and wet. The feeling was too much and she came with him, her pussy milking his cock. When he started to soften, he pulled his cock out of her pussy and his cum began to run out. Angel reached under herself and scooped some of it up with her finger and put it in her mouth, tasting their juices.

They lay on the bed together in the spoon position, Mike's arms wrapped around her. Angel felt a twinge of guilt but after realizing that this was something she both wanted and needed, she smiled. She looked to the clock and saw that it was only 11:30. She still had a few hours to spend out before she had to go home. Turning to face Mike, she kissed him softly and took him in her hand. She felt him begin to harden at her touch and realized…she was in for a few more rounds this night.