 Angie's eyes opened to look across the bed to see her lover watching her sleep. A slow smile crept across her face, "How long have you been watching?" She whispered.

"Not long, maybe ten minutes," Vic replied softly, his fingers moving to brush her hair out of her face. "You are so beautiful," Vic said as he looped her hair behind her ear.

Angie smiled as she moved across the bed to get closer to him, moving the coverings with her hand so they wouldn't interfere with her body coming into contact with his. "I wanted to wake you this morning Master," she purred as she kissed his bare shoulder, trailing light kisses down across his chest.

Her tongue circled his nipple, her lips gently sucking on it as she drug her fingernails lightly down his arm. "You know how to give a wake up call princess," Vic said, his fingers moving through her hair.

Angie rolled her eyes to look up at his face, the smile evident from the sparkle, "I'm going to do everything I can to convince you that you belong with me," she responded, her mouth moving lower.

She circled his navel with her tongue as her hand moved down along his side and down over his hip, drawing little circles on his buttocks, her face coming closer and closer to his hardened manhood, "God I can't get enough of you," she said looking up into his eyes and smiling as she lowered her open lips over the tip of his cock, her tongue moving in gentle circles over the circumcised head.

Vic moaned gently, his head moving back on the pillow as he felt the velvet of her lips closing over him. He restrained the urge to push forward into her throat or to push on the back of her head forcing it down. He was going to let her do this at her pace.

Angie sensed that she was allowed control and smiled to herself, 'you are about to get the best damn blowjob in the world mister,' she thought as she lowered to swallow all of his hardness, feeling the head of his prick pushing against her throat.

She hummed softly, sending vibrations all along his shaft, her fingertips moving to gently caress his scrotum, the moan from his lips being exactly what she needed to hear.

The phone next to the bed broke the silence with its harsh ring.

Angie rolled her eyes up the meet his and then glanced sideways, daring him to answer it. Vic smiled in response as he picked up the receiver.

"Hello," he said, as he looked down to see the sparkle again in Angie's eyes and wondered if he had just made a grave mistake.

As he listened, Angie released his cock with a slurp and moved to capture one testicle between her lips, gently sucking it into her mouth as her hand moved to slowly slide up and down his hard shaft.

In reflex, Vic moaned softly into the phone, his eyes darting down to see Angie's mouth smiling up at him, as she moved back and slowly slid the tip of her tongue along his scortum, "So good Master," she said huskily.

"Huh? What was that Jamie?" Vic said, needing Jamie to repeat himself.

"Uh, yeah, she's trying to distract me," Vic shot a look at Angie for her to behave.

"Don't worry, Dave would have called me if anything had changed and I haven't heard anything from him, so we're still on for 8:00 in the restaurant."

Angie grinned at him as she threw the covers over her head, leaving Vic looking at nothing but blankets and wondering what she was going to do next.

He didn't have long to wait as she attacked his hard cock voraciously, pulling out all the stops, her mouth moving up and down as she circled the base of his cock with her thumb and finger, her other hand moving under him to tease his asshole.

Vic felt the pressure building as Jamie droned on about the morning meeting with Dave, "Yeah, ok, whatever, I gotta go," Vic squeaked as he hung up the phone, his hand moving down over Angie's head outside the blankets, pushing her down as he thrust his pelvis up to drive his cock as deep as possible into her throat.

"So you want to tease me huh?" He asked rhetorically, pulling his cock out of her mouth and jumping out of the bed, throwing the covers back to expose his naked lover.

Moving quickly, he grabbed her body and threw her on her back and pulled her to the edge of the mattress, her head hanging over the edge.

Moving forward, he pressed the head of his cock against her lips, forcing them apart, "Open wide slut," he said, pushing his cock all the way into her mouth.

The moan that she uttered told him that she loved what he was doing as he started fucking into her face, his hands moving down to twist her distended nipples, "Tease me? I don't think so," Vic said, a grin spreading across his face as he pulled on her nipples, twisting them between his fingers.

Angie gave herself over to being used as his cock receptacle, loving the feeling that surrender brought, her body reacting to being taken so harshly. She lifted her pelvis and reached between her legs to tease her clit as she felt the head of his cock punishing the back of her throat.

"Oh no, princess," Vic said, grabbing her arms and pulling them away from her center, "you don't get to do that."

She moaned in mock frustration as he held her hands away from her hot clit. 

Suddenly she screamed as the flat of his hand slapped down on her engorged clit, "And that's for being so naughty," he said, his hand lifting to slap against her clit again, sending shockwaves through her body, "And that's because I can."

She pushed her pelvis up trying to press against his hand as it slapped down, but he had already moved his hand back to the side of her face, rubbing the moisture of her pussy all over her cheek, the scent unmistakable.

"Can you smell your cunt baby?" He asked as he began to fuck harder into her mouth.

"Mmm, I'm going to cum baby, are you ready?" He asked.

She moaned, letting him know that she was more than ready for him to fire his first load of the day down her throat.

As his orgasm approached, he quickly pulled out of her mouth, causing her to gasp, "NOOO."

He gave a few quick jerks of his hand and watched as his cum shot out of his cock, his first shot landing across her breast, while the rest splashed over her face, causing her to moan in lust.

"Ohmygod, Vic, I want to cum so bad, don't make me wait, please," she begged looking up at him, her head still bent back off the mattress.

She watched as his orgasm subsided, "What a wake up baby," he said, reaching down to gently caress her cheek, "I need to get showered for my meeting," he said turning to leave the room.

Angie lay there in shock, "But baby.." she started.

"Hmm?" he said, turning to look as she moved to sit up on the bed.

"What about me?" She asked, using her little girl voice, her fingers slipping between her legs, splitting her pussy lips.

He smiled at her, "You have to come and wash my back princess," he replied.

She jumped from the bed, happily moving into the ensuite, "Well what are you waiting for slow poke, this pussy needs cock."

Vic smiled as he watched her race ahead of him and turn the shower on. She turned to grab her toothbrush and give her teeth a once over, watching Vic enter the bathroom.

Vic copied her and quickly brushed his teeth, neither of them being a fan of morning breath. As they brushed they looked at one another, a smile playing across their faces.

Vic was the first one in the shower and quickly moved to get under the hot water, allowing it to flow over his naked body, his eyes closed in bliss. He felt, rather than saw, Angie's entrance as she moved up close to embrace him, "I love waking to find you next to me baby," she whispered, her lips moving to capture his in a gentle 'good morning' kiss.

His hands slid around her side to embrace her, pulling her tight to him, "I haven't got long princess, Jamie's expecting me to be ready in fifteen minutes."

She backed away from him, looking into his eyes, "Well then, Jamie will just have to wait," she said smugly.

"No, you will have to wait," Vic said, watching for her reaction.

She sighed as she realized once again, that while his love for her was complete, he would never allow her to dictate to him. She knew enough from past conversations that he had already been down that road. "I'm sorry baby, I did it again, didn't I?" She asked, already knowing the answer.

"Its ok princess, I know that you're used to doing things your way and everyone listening to you. I'm just not going to be like that. Besides, you were the one that teased me earlier when I was on the phone, you can't honestly expect that to go unnoticed, can you?"

"You can't be serious," she said, as she washed his body, "you know you enjoyed that every bit as much as I did."

"True," he replied, "but there is something I enjoy more."

She looked into his eyes and saw the devilment there and started laughing, "Yeah, making me pay."

"See, you do understand me," he said as he reached around and playfully swatted her ass.

"Mmm, I love it when you punish me Master," she moaned, looking at him in lust, "how bout you punish me real good with that nice hard cock you have there?"

Vic laughed as he moved her under the water and began soaping her up, "Oh no baby, not today, I want you to be nice and wet for the banquet tonight."

"Really? I have to wait until tonight again?" She asked, the look in her eyes telling him that she was not at all pleased with this revelation.

"Really," he responded, as he pulled on her nipple, before getting out of the shower, leaving her to finish.

"Vic, is everything ok?" She asked.

"What do you mean?" He replied turning to look through the shower door at her.

"You just seem distant somehow, did I do something to upset you?"

"No baby, it's nothing you've done. I just have a lot on my mind with this deal and having to go home and leave you here, you going back to Brad. I just have to sort through things."

Angie turned the water off and got out of the shower, "Baby, say the word and I'll go with you," she said, a tear falling from her eye and tracing down her cheek.

He embraced her gently, "I know princess, believe me I know."

She sniffled gently against his shoulder, "Are we ok?" She asked, more than a little frightened of the answer.

"We're ok," he responded, kissing the tip of her nose. "But I really do need to get ready for my meeting. I don't dare leave this to Jamie.

She reluctantly moved away from him, "Alright," she sighed as she dried her body, "but you tell Jamie that you're only on loan for a little bit...please," she finished, not wanting to make him feel like she was telling him what to do.

As they entered the bedroom, she heard her phone ringing. Picking it up, she threw a panicked look at Vic.

"Hello," she answered.

Vic watched her face as he got dressed in jeans and shirt for his meeting with Jamie and Dave.

"He's right here," Angie said, looking over at Vic, "yeah, just a sec. She wants to talk to you," Angie said, handing Vic the phone.

"Hey Brandi, what's up?" Vic said as he took the phone from Angie.

"Where have you been, I've been trying your cell for the past hour," Brandi huffed.

"I don't have it turned on, why didn't you just call the room?" Vic asked.

"Because I didn't want to have this conversation with Angie being able to hear," Brandi replied, her patience almost gone.

"Brad just phoned and was bitching because his parents don't want to put dinner off to next week they want to do it tonight and he wants me to run interference for him with Angie."

"Okkkk," Vic responded, "and what exactly do you want me to do about it?" Vic asked.

"She's going to flip if I talk to her about this," Brandi said, "she is so looking forward to going out with you to that banquet, not to mention that you're leaving on Sunday. She's not going to take it well at all that she has to go to dinner with Brad and his parents."

"Let me deal with it," Vic said, looking at Angie biting her lip wondering what was going on.

"Ok, sounds good to me," Brandi replied, "let it be your problem. Oh, umm about your buddy Jamie, you think he could handle a night of Brandi?"

Vic laughed, "I'm not sure that a boat load of sailors could handle a night of Brandi, but hey, he's probably up for the attempt."

Brandi laughed, "You're such a prick. Good luck with Angie. Later dude."

Vic handed the phone back to Angie. The look on her face told him that she knew something was wrong. 

"Just tell me," she said in resignation.

"Apparently Brad called Brandi to say that his parents couldn't do dinner next week and wanted to meet tonight." Vic told her.

The fire in her eyes told him all he needed to know, "So he didn't call me with this why?" Angie asked, "And why didn't Brandi talk to me about it instead of you?"

Vic took a deep breath, "Well Brad didn't want to tell you because he knows what you think about his parents, his mom in particular and thought Brandi might soften the blow. Brandi wanted me to deal with it because she knows how much you've been looking forward to tonight and she didn't want to be the one to give you the bad news."

"I see," Angie said, her voice calm, but one look into her eyes would show the real anger that was brewing. "So are you going to tell me that I have to go to dinner with Brad and his parents?" She asked, her voice staying calm.

"I'm not telling you to do anything Angie," Vic started to say.

"Don't you fucking 'Angie' me Vic," she said, the anger evident in her voice. "You don't get to do that. Up until now you were happy to tell me what to do, when I could cum and now you're going to go soft? I don't think so."

She looked at him, anger evident in the stiffness of her body and she saw that she had struck a cord. 

"Fine," Vic said, looking at her. "You want me to tell you what you're going to do? You're going to go to dinner with your husband and his parents and you're going to be the obedient little wife." 

"I don't own you Angie, contrary to what you think, he does! He fucking owns you! That ring on your finger, that's HIS ring."

"IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN YOURS!" Angie screamed, "I wanted it to be yours, but you were too scared, too concerned about your age, my family, your family! Fuck, what about US Vic? Huh? When does this become about us?"

She could tell by the look in his eyes that she had pushed too far. "You have to call your husband and I have a meeting to get to," Vic said, turning and leaving the room.

Angie stood there stunned as she heard the door to the hotel room click shut. "What have we done?" she asked herself, her body sinking to the floor, not even caring that the towel she was wrapped in fell at her feet.

Vic left the room and moved toward the elevator, the anger that he felt evident in his eyes. As the door opened, he met Jamie getting off.

"Hey buddy, glad you're ready. I was a little worried earlier based on what I heard on the phone."

"Let's just get this the fuck done," Vic snapped.

Jamie stopped short, "Wait a second, what did I miss?"

Vic grabbed his emotions, sighing, he said, "It's nothing J, let's just go sign this contract so we can make lots of money."

Jamie knew him well enough to know when not to push, but he also knew when his friend was hurting.

"Ok, but um, let me run to the bathroom before we go in there," Jamie replied.

"Fuck, why didn't you go before you left your room," Vic grouched.

"Jesus, you need to relax," Jamie said to his friend.

"Just go already."

As Jamie entered the washroom, he grabbed his cell and dialed Brandi's number, "Ok, I don't what happened but it isn't good," Jamie said as soon as Brandi answered her phone.

"Oh no," Brandi responded, "I was afraid of this. What's happened?"

"Wait," Jamie said, "you were expecting something? I just came down to get Vic for our meeting with this big company and I'm afraid to take him anywhere public in case he goes off."

"Shit!" Brandi exclaimed, "That probably means that Angie's a mess too."

Brandi took a few minutes to explain what had happened earlier to Jamie. "So now obviously there was some kind of blow up and we have two very hurt people on our hands," she ended.

"Ok, well, umm, I'll deal with Vic, you may want to get down here and take care of Angie. If she's in a state even close to his, it isn't good, and call her husband and tell him to grow a set, Angie will be there when she gets there." 

Brandi was impressed, "Oh look who's gonads dropped," she teased.

"Ok, I'll deal with Ange, you take care of the other one...oh and Jamie?" She finished.

"Yeah?"

"If we get this worked out and get the happy couple happy again, you are going to get so lucky, so drink plenty of fluids." Brandi said with promise in her voice.

Jamie stared at his phone as Brandi disconnected, "That girl scares me a little," he mumbled as he exited the washroom back to the hall.

Angie heard a tapping at the door from her spot on the floor, "C'mon Ange, it's me, open the damn door already, people are starting to stare," Brandi said.

Angie made herself move to open the door to the room and allow her friend in, not even remembering to pick up the towel that was still on the bedroom floor. 

Brandi took one look and quickly moved to the bedroom to get Angie's robe and put it on her, "Well don't you look a sight."

"He's gone Brandi," Angie whispered, "I finally drove him away. I knew not to push, I knew what would happen, but I just wanted to be with him so bad, to be HIS and I pushed too hard and now he's gone."

"Sweetie, he's not gone, he's just downstairs in a meeting with Jamie and that Dave guy. He'll be back."

"You weren't here Brandi; you didn't see his face when I screamed at him."

"Wait a second, back up and tell me everything that happened after the phone call," Brandi instructed.

Through sobs, Angie related the conversation after Vic had hung up the phone.

"I panicked; I thought he was going to send me home. That I wouldn't get to see him again," Angie finished, her eyes still staring off at nothing. 

"What am I going to do? I can't be without him Brandi, I just can't. I thought I was happy just being able to talk to him, but to wake in his arms, to be able to hold his hand when we were walking, to see him smile or laugh..I just can't go without those things."

"You leave him to Jamie," Brandi offered, "you need to not worry about any of this. Believe me, from what Jamie told me, he's as miserable as you are."

"I don't see how that's possible," Angie replied.

Angie looked over at Brandi, "I have to call Brad," she said, without really knowing what she would say.

"No you don't," Brandi told her, "Jamie told me to call him and tell him to get a pair and tell his parents that you would meet them next week for dinner, or go by himself.

"So I did and after he finished sputtering at the fact that I would talk to him like that, he called his mom and told her that you were out of town with me and weren't able to get back before Sunday and if they couldn't do it next week, they would just have to pick another time."

Angie looked at her best friend, "Jamie TOLD you?"

"I knew that's the part you'd center on," Brandi grumbled. "Yes, Jamie TOLD me what to do and I did it. It's not the end of the world. Did you not hear me when I said that you don't have to go home?"

Angie sighed, the tears starting over again, "I may as well, he's not going to want to see me again, I fucked up big time Brandi, you don't know him like me. He doesn't take well to being controlled, it's one of the reasons he's still single."

"That may be so, Angie, but at the same time, he loves you and if he loves you, he's going to be willing to work through it." "Let's get you cleaned up; I think we need to go find you a new dress for this reception tonight. Something that will make him forget that you two were ever fighting."
