 I sat at the table half lessoning to my girl friends idol gossip. My mind kept going back to the multi-orgasmic night before. It started like any other Thursday, meetings all day and into the night. It was at the last meeting that it happened. 

It was your standard run of the mill stock holders meeting complete with some math geek standing up explaining our profit margins. He had been talking for about fifteen minutes when I felt a hand on my right knee. At first I thought it was my imagination but the hand began to slowly slide up my thigh high stockings. 

I looked at the gentleman setting on my right, he gave me a knowing smile and I knew I should stop him. However I was curious and more than a little turned on by the situation. As he smiled at me his hand stopped at my mid thigh on the bare flesh above my stocking top. I don't know what came over me at that moment but I put my hand over his and moved it up my thigh, opening my legs as wide and I could. I placed his hand on the edge of my panties. He hesitated only for a moment then eased his hand over and began to rub my pussy lips.

I started to get wet and after a minute or 2 I ached to feel his hand on my bare pussy. As if reading my thoughts his fingers crept under the edge of my panties. First rubbing my labia then finding my clitoris. My breath caught as he moved his finger up and down and the sensation sent my mind reeling and my hips started rocking. I let out a small moan then remembered where I was and stifled it. I felt his finger enter me and almost lost my mind and instantly came all over his fingers. That however did not stop him, he moved his finger in and out of my pussy starting slow at first then getting faster and faster making me cum and bit my lip to keep from screaming. 

He withdrew his fingers and I opened eyes that I had not even realized that I had closed. I looked over to protest the withdrawal of his fingers and thank him for the orgasm but he was gone and to my surprise we where on our if minute break between presenters. 

I got up to go to the rest room and recompose myself after my ride down orgasm lane. I began walking through walk down the hall and was suddenly pulled into a dark closet and up against a muscular body. I could feel his hard dick against my back and knew instantly that it was my mystery man from the board room. I tried to turnaround but he stopped me. I heard his zipper unzip as he bent me over, pulled my undies to the side and rammed into me. 

He began to pump slowly in and out of my hot wet pussy. His left hand snaked around to fondle my clit as his right hand moved under my blouse, pushing my bra up and released my breast to his warm touch. He rubbed my clit vigorously as he began to pump faster making my breath catch. I could feel my orgasm building. Faster and faster he rubbed and pumped as he twisted my erect nipples, soon I was exploding in body shocking orgasms each time he pumped into me. 

I started to scream and his hand left my breast to cup my mouth and muffle the sound. As soon as the shaking topes he removed his hand from my clit and brought it to my mouth so I could taste myself. As I greedily sucked his finger he brought his lips close to my ear and whispered"I want to come in your mouth."

Then before I could think he pulled out of me turned me around pushed me down on my knees and rammed his dick into my mouth. He grabbed my head and fucked my face. Within minutes I tasted his cum. 

I hungrily sucked his dick until I had swallowed every drop of cum he shot. Once I had sucked his balls dry he pulled his dick out of my mouth. We then fixed our clothes and right before I walked out of the closet he kissed me and tucked a business card into my bra and said see you next meeting. Then opened the door and left. I trembled at the memory excused my self and went to the pay phone pulling that business card out of my purse. I needed to asked him if he could make a house call.