 My apologies for this taking so long, is laziness a viable excuse? Thank you everyone for your comments and your votes. I didn't realize the value of either until I started doing my own submissions. 

This is not a stand alone story, you may want to read the first two chapters as this is a continuation...and yes, it's a long continuation.

Met.

_________________________________

"There is one other thing I'd like to do before we leave and go back to the hotel," Vic said to Angie as they walked along the walkway.

"Oh? And what would that be?" Angie asked, expecting some new form of sexual torture. She had gone through about as much as she could handle, or at least as much as she cared to handle, if he had offered to take her between the buildings and fuck her, she was almost to the point of accepting.

"I want us to ride the Ferris Wheel together," Vic said, catching Angie completely by surprise.

"You're kidding right?" she asked.

Vic looked at strangely, "No, I'm totally serious, what were you expecting me to ask?"

"Well it h

ad nothing to do with the Ferris Wheel, I can tell you that," Angie told him laughing.

"I'm not sure what you had in mind princess, although I think it might be fun, but all I want to do is go for a ride and then we can go back to the hotel, if you're ok with that."

"I'm fine with that, being alone with you at the hotel, all alone in that room sounds like a wonderful idea to me. Let's ride this thing so we can get out of here."

Vic laughed, hearing the note of sexual frustration in Angie's voice. As they started toward the Ferris Wheel, Vic's phone went off, "Hello."

"Hey Jamie," Vic said watching Angie walking in front of him and enjoying the view. "Uhh, sure, I guess, let me just check with Angie and see if she's ok with it."

"Jamie and Brandi want us to have dinner with them tonight at the hotel, you ok with that?"

Angie just looked at him for a second, a slow smile spreading across her face, "That would be your decision Master," she replied a little twinkle in her eye.

"Jamie? Yeah, we'll do it...yes, you heard her right." Vic rolled his eyes at Angie, "Buddy, relax, we'll meet in our room at 6:30, ok? Good, see you then."

As Vic disconnected, Angie came into his arms with a big kiss.

"What was that for?" Vic asked.

"You called it 'our room'" Angie said, unable to hold back the big grin.

"Sweetie, it is our room." Vic responded, totally baffled by her reaction.

"I know baby, but...never mind, it doesn't matter, I'm just happy you said it."

Vic just looked at her and shook his head as they arrived at the ride. "I'll be right back," he said and left Angie standing there in line for the ride.

She looked up at the height of the wheel and felt her stomach jump, "You can do this Ange, it's not a big deal," she told herself as she continued to stare up.

Vic returned a big smile on his face as he once again took her hand in his, "What are you grinning about?" Angie asked, her smile a reflection of his own.

"Nothing baby, just glad to be here with you," he replied.

They moved forward in the line taking their place in the first available seat, Angie moving tight to Vic's side as the ride attendant ensured that the locking mechanism was in place.

"Thank you for doing this Bree," Vic said, "I know you're not crazy about heights."

"I can do this," Angie replied, leaning forward to kiss his lips, "especially if you keep me distracted during the whole thing," she finished with a twinkle in her eyes.

The chair moved around and the final seat in front of them was filled by another young couple, both smiling as they took their seats.

The young man glanced back at Vic and Angie, giving a slight nod of acknowledgment and smiling at Angie's closeness.

"She's not a fan of heights," Vic said as an explanation.

"Good way to keep her close then, huh?" the guy replied smiling, his girlfriend turning to see who he was talking to and smiling politely.

With the young couple strapped in the ride began ascending. Angie immediately tightened her grip on Vic's arm as the wheel made its way to the top, "I hope you know how much I love you," Bree said, laughing into Vic's shoulder.

Vic laughed as he held her close to him, "Yes princess, I get how much you love me," he replied as his hand moved under her dress.

Angie looked at him, her eyes showing lust, "You really like playing under this dress don't you Master," she whispered huskily, already feeling her pussy react to his touch.

"Kiss me," he commanded.

"Yes Sir," Angie said as she moved her hand to the side of his face, her lips meeting his in an open mouth kiss, her tongue sliding passionately into his mouth.

The operator looked as their chair slid past, taking note of the position of Vic's hand and the passion of their kiss. 

The young man in front of them noticed the attendant looking at something behind him and turned to see what he was staring at.

His eyes widened when he realized he could see right up Angie's dress and the fact that Vic's fingers were now buried in her wet pussy wasn't lost on him either.

He turned to his girlfriend, tapping her leg and indicating she should look behind her. When she turned, her eyes widened in surprise at the public display. Her eyes moved up across Angie's chest and on to her face.

Angie opened her eyes to see the girl looking at her, a slow smile spread across her face, as she winked at the girl.

The girl quickly turned back to her boyfriend, her face flushed in both embarrassment and excitement at what she had just seen.

Her hand moved to her boyfriend's knee and quickly moved up to his crotch, noticing immediately that he had a raging hard on. She looked at him, smiling as she began to stroke him, taking his hand and sliding it under her mini skirt, her lips moving forward to capture his.

Not wanting to miss out on an opportunity, her boyfriend allowed his fingers to move under his girlfriend's skirt and over her panty covered pussy, silently thanking the couple behind him for this opportunity.

As the Wheel approached the top of its cycle, it slowed to a stop. Angie snapped out of her euphoria in a panic, "What's happening? Why are we stopped?"

"Relax princess, it was planned," Vic said, forcing Angie to look at him.

"You're sure?" Angie asked, settling against her lover.

"I'm positive baby, I paid the operator to give us a few minutes so we could enjoy the view together.

They looked down from the peak of the Ferris Wheel to see the marina in action the boats moving about busily, shuttling across the water like bugs on a pond.

As they looked down they could see people milling about the various venues and stores, busily going about their lives, totally unaware that they were being observed from the top of the ride.

"I love you," Angie said, cuddling against Vic again, "why is it that I can't get close enough to you, it's like I want to just crawl right into your skin."

Vic smiled at her, "I like that you want to be that close princess," he replied, kissing the tip of her nose.

They heard a slight moan from below and looked to see the young couple in the car in front of them busily kissing, "Look what you caused," Vic accused Angie.

"ME?!" Angie replied, laughing, I seem to remember it was your fingers in my pussy."

"Mmm, your pussy," Vic said, once again moving his fingers under her dress and over her swollen pussy lips.

"Gawd Vic," Angie sighed, "you've had me wet all day long, my pussy's been permanently swollen."

"I don't see the problem," Vic replied as his fingers strummed across her clit, causing her to jump.

Angie tried to concentrate on what he was saying as her body reacted to what his hand was doing, as well as the noise of the young couple in front of them, it was almost like sensory overload. "Oh godddd, it's..not.... a....problem..oh fuck, please let me cum baby, I want to cum soooo baddd for you."

Vic moved to take her earlobe between his lips, gently sucking on it as he suddenly and viciously drove two of his fingers deep into her wet gash.

"AAHHH," Angie screamed as she felt his fingers slamming into her, causing her to blush when she realized how loud she had been, she moved her face into his neck, "Yes, yes, yes baby, fuck my hot little pussy with your fingers! Slam me baby!"

Vic pulled his finger out and quickly transferred them to her mouth, "Here, my little slut, taste how wet you are."

Angie attacked his fingers, sucking her cum from his digits, loving the taste of her cum on his flesh, the feeling of being so totally exposed. "Mmm, fuckkk," she moaned

They looked ahead as the Wheel started to turn again to see the young lady in front of them with her head back, her eyes watching Angie's actions as her boyfriend assaulted her pussy under her mini skirt, her breath coming in short ragged gasps.

Her facial features tightened and a long slow moan escaped her mouth as she came on her lover's hand, her eyes widening, looking back at Angie, a glassy eyed smile on her face.

"Master, please let me cum like her," Angie begged, her hand snaking into Vic's lap to play with his hard cock through his jeans, "I promise I'll be a good girl."

Vic took her hand away from his cock and looked at Angie, "Lover, when you are finally permitted to cum, you will make that little display look minor in comparison, you are going to squirt your cum all over me later."

Angie moaned again at the image of cumming so hard she squirted her juices, "I'm pretty sure I could do that now," she whispered in his ear, her lips closing on his earlobe trying to entice him to bring her off.

Vic laughed as he pulled away, "Oh no you don't, you little minx."

Angie's frustration showed on her face as the ride slowed again letting passengers off. As their turn came, the attendant winked at Vic as he opened the gate to allow them to exit, "I hope it was worth it buddy," he said.

"Very much so, wasn't it princess?" Vic replied.

"Mmm, the scenery was lovely, thank you," Angie said to the worker.

As they exited through the gate, the young man that had been in the ride in front of them approached Vic's side, "Umm excuse me?"

Vic turned to look at what looked to be a young football player, easily surpassing six feet with broad shoulders and a ready smile. "Yes?"

"I just wanted to say thank you," the young man said, trying desperately not to look at Angie.

"For?" Vic asked.

"Well what you were doing on the ride, you know..teasing your umm.." he started, trying to find the right word.

"Lover?" Vic supplied.

"Yeah, your lover. Anyway, I've been wanting Cindy to do that stuff for a very long time but I could never get her to try it and when she saw you two fooling around, I guess it turned her on to the point that she went for it, and I just wanted to thank you for that."

"Hey, listen, you did it my friend, I'm just glad you both had a good time." Vic replied.

"It was very hot," Angie said, looking at the young man.

"Umm, thanks," he said, blushing at the compliment. "Well I'd better get back to Cindy, she wants to go home and umm finish what we started." 

Vic smiled at him, "Have fun."

"Thanks," he replied as he turned to return to his girlfriend.

"So umm, where are we going to finish what we started?" Angie asked, looking at her man happily.

Vic looked at his watch, "Well its two now and we have to meet Jamie and Brandi for dinner, so how bout we go back to the hotel for a nap?"

"Mmm, a nap," Angie replied, a devilish look in her eyes.

As they moved along, Vic signalled for the first taxi he saw. When the car pulled over, he opened the door to be greeted by the same young man that had brought them here. "What are the odds," Vic mumbled to himself, as he noticed that the driver hadn't taken his eyes off Angie.

"Time to go back to your hotel?" The driver asked.

"Yes please," Angie replied as she slid into the middle of the seat, waiting for Vic to get in and shut the door before cuddling up to him, totally oblivious to the attention the driver was giving her.

As the driver, started to drive away, Angie turned her face to Vic's, her hand on the side of his face, pulling his lips to hers, "I love you baby," she whispered as their lips met.

"Touch me please," she said as their lips parted.

Vic smiled at her as he saw the fire in her eyes, his hand sliding inside the top of her dress, running over the roundness of her breast, moving to circle lightly around her nipple, already hardened and distended.

She moaned as her lips met his again, her tongue piercing his mouth, her hand moving to the back of his head pulling him to her.

The driver adjusted his mirror watching as Angie and Vic came together in a deep soulful kiss, his hand inside the top of her dress, obviously playing with her nipple.

The driver took his free hand and started to rub his erection through his jeans as he heard the low moans coming from Angie's lips at Vic's attention to her breast. "Please Master, let me cum," he heard her whisper.

It took all his willpower not to take his eyes off the road when he heard her comment, 'Master?' He thought to himself, 'she was serious when she told me he owned her', he thought to himself, his cock twitching as he heard a low throaty moan from the back seat, "Pleassseeee," Angie begged, her voice taking on a deeper quality in her need to cum.

Vic moved his lips to gently suck on her neck as his fingers continued to manipulate her hardened nipple. Her body had a mind of its own as her hips gyrated on the seat, desperately desiring pressure. "Vic, please, please, please," Angie panted, her hands wanting to move under her dress to feel her sex.

"I can smell your juices from here princess," Vic said as he pulled his hand out of the top of her dress and slowly slid it up under the bottom, along the side of her thigh toward her hot gash.

As his fingers touched the outer folds of her vulva, her body jerked in reaction, "Fuck," she moaned, her eyes closed, her hips lifting off the seat to try and press against his hand.

Every nerve in her body was craving release, needing desperately to explode in orgasm. 'I can't believe the control he has over me,' Angie thought briefly as the internal pressure ratcheted up another notch with his hands contact.

She knew that in any other situation she would have cum by now, that the release would have been there, but somehow he had kept her on the edge all day. She looked at him through slitted eyes, "Baby, I'm going to need my inhaler when I cum, you know this right?"

Vic smiled down at her, "I know princess, I've already thought of that, don't worry."

"I'm not worried baby, just want you to know so you don't freak out," she teased, referring to a time on the phone when he had made her cum so hard she had to scramble for her inhaler and it had freaked him out.

"Funny girl," Vic said, his finger moving up to graze across her swollen clit, "OHHH GAWDDD VICCC", Angie moaned, her body almost convulsing with desire. "Baby if you're gonna do that, I may not be able to wait."

Vic looked down at her smiling, "You'll wait princess," he said his hand moving down through her pussy again, gathering her juices on his fingers and bringing them to her lips. "Clean," he commanded.

Angie moaned as she opened her lips and moved her head forward to suck her juices off his fingers. The command alone made her pussy thrum, her juices leaking down her thighs and onto her dress, "Oh Master," she moaned around his fingers, "you're making me so wet."

With her last moan, the cabbie couldn't stand it anymore, having listened to her moaning and the sound of her lips sucking on his fingers as if it were his hardened cock, combined with the stroking of his cock through his jeans, he felt the tightening of his scrotum that prefaced the release of his orgasm into his jeans.

Vic and Angie heard the moan of release from their young cab driver, as they saw their hotel approaching, Angie looked at Vic and giggled at the thought of the driver's discomfort. "Babyyy, everyone is cumming but me today," she whispered into his ear.

"Very soon princess. You'll get your turn very soon."

Just as the cabby made his turn into the hotel, Angie's cell rang. "Grrr, it's Amanda," she growled, "she knows I don't want to be contacted."

"You'd better take it then, it has to be important," Vic suggested.

"Hello," Angie answered. "Slow down Amanda, I can only listen so fast."

Her sigh of exasperation told Vic that things were not going the way that she wanted, "Alright, fine! I'll be there in half an hour," she huffed as she disconnected the call.

"There's an angry parent there demanding to talk to me because his 'little angel' didn't make squad," Angie said, her temper still up. "I have to go and deal with it, do you mind?" She asked looking forlornly at Vic.

"Baby, it's what you do. You'll go over there, deal with the issue and come back to me. I'll still be here," he said, leaning to kiss her gently on the lips, his fingers sliding again under her skirt to run along her pussy. 

Her moan of frustration took on a new level when his touch reminded her that it would be even longer now before she would find release from the sexual frustration that had been building all day. "I love you Vic," she said as she moved to kiss him again.

"I love you more," he said, smiling as she kissed him.

Vic looked at the driver, "Well I guess you're still needed."

"Yes Sir," the driver responded, unable to believe his luck at being left alone with this beautiful young lady who was so obviously in need of sex.

Vic got out at the entrance to the hotel and looked at Angie, "I'll be here when you return."

Angie put on a brave face, "I'll be back as soon as I possibly can," she said, trying hard to smile.

Vic watched as the cab pulled away and turned to go into the hotel, "Man, it's so damn hot here," he mumbled as he immediately noticed the temperature difference from the air conditioned cab. "I feel like I'm on the outer ring of hell," he mumbled.

He heard a chuckle beside him as an older gentleman reacted to what he had said. "Not from here, I assume," the older gentleman asked in a slow Texas drawl."

"Uhh, no," Vic replied smiling, "Canadian."

"That would explain it then. You all don't see heat like this even in the summer I suspect."

"Not like this, no," Vic replied, "it can get warm, but we don't have the humidity where I am. By the way, I'm Vic." 

"Dave," the gentleman replied, shaking Vic's hand.

"So that was your young lady that just drove off?" Dave asked.

Vic's eyes moved to where he had last seen the cab, "Yeah, it was, don't ask me why she's with me, but that was my young lady."

"A bit of unsolicited advice if I might," Dave started, noticing the look in Vic's eyes, "don't get hung up on the age issue."

Vic's eyes snapped back to look at Dave, "Is it that obvious?" He asked.

"It is to someone who's been there," Dave replied laughing, his blue eyes sparkling.

Just then an arm reached through Dave's, "I'm back baby." 

Dave turned to look lovingly into the eyes of the lady that had just approached, bending to kiss her lightly on the lips. "Vic, I would like you to meet my 'young lady', Sherry, this is Vic."

"Hi Sherry," Vic said, again sticking his hand out.

"Vic, nice to meet you," Sherry returned.

Sherry was 5'5" and around 120lbs, Vic noticed. He also noticed there was a distinct age difference, and couldn't help his eyebrows rising.

"Yeah, I know," Dave said, responding to the look that Vic had. "Do you have time for a coffee?" He asked, "I'll tell you our story and you can tell me yours."

"Uhh, sure, Angie won't be back for a bit." Vic responded.

With that they moved into the hotel, Dave and Sherry leading the way. Vic couldn't help but notice Sherry in her sun dress, the spaghetti straps over her tanned shoulders and her shapely legs. Her blonde hair reaching down her shoulders to the middle of her back. 
