 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read it yet, Passion in the Parking Lot is the prequel to this story.

It took some time and some effort, but after our first passionate hookup in the parking lot of the grocery store, Cristi and I were determined to figure out a way to continue fucking each other. Getting out of the house for a few hours wasn't the problem but figuring out where to go had us both stumped for a bit. She was the one who eventually came up with the idea to meet at the mall during a very dead time and exploit the fitting rooms in the major stores. We figured if we were posing as an old, boring married couple, we wouldn't attract much attention and could probably get away with what a younger couple wouldn't be able to.

After the first few times, we figured out which fitting rooms in which stores were the best for our escapades, usually rotating among the ones that met our needs. Typically, Cristi would let me know where and when we'd be meeting and, once I showed up, we'd go through the charade of shopping together and picking out something to try on. Often, we'd start in the men's department and I'd go to try on something like a swimsuit while she waited just outside the fitting rooms. I'd step out and model the swimsuit for her and, if the coast was clear, she'd come back into the fitting room with me. As soon as the door was latched, we'd be all over each other; she'd be working on the drawstring as we made out while I fondled her tits.

As soon as she had the drawstring undone, Cristi was usually on her knees as quickly as the swimsuit hit my ankles, my rigid cock in her hand as she tongued my balls. I'd run my fingers through her hair as she pumped my shaft before wrapping her lips around it and starting to slide them up and down. She was an enthusiastic cocksucker, so we had been careful to find fitting rooms that wouldn't allow the slurping sounds or the occasional soft moan to make it beyond the door. While Cristi was very focused on enjoying my cock and making sure that I was enjoying her mouth, I would sometimes look straight down as my cock disappeared repeatedly between her lips or sometimes I would glance over into one of the many mirrors so I could see her blowing me from a different perspective.

If she'd wanted to, she could have had me blowing a load in her mouth in a matter of seconds, but she always drew out my pleasure for as long as she felt it was safe to remain inside the fitting room and I never had any complaints. I relished the feel of her hot mouth and soft lips engulfing my tool repeatedly and appreciated the talent that she demonstrated. If she thought I was getting too close too soon, she'd slip my throbbing cock from her mouth and slurp my balls while gently pumping my shaft in her hand. If she knew that we should probably be vacating soon, she pumped the base of my cock while moving her mouth up and down my shaft more quickly. My cock would begin to swell even more as the pleasure grew more intense, then I'd explode into her mouth and she'd swallow down my load. She'd usually nurse my softening cock, somewhat reluctant to give it up, before finally letting it fall from her mouth and smiling up at me.

We'd gotten really good at having her walk right out of the fitting room, even if somebody was right there, and having it seem like a completely natural thing. I'd join her as soon as I was re-dressed and, inevitably, we'd decide not to buy whatever I'd been trying on. Instead, we'd head somewhere else for more "shopping" in one of the many women's departments. The best things to have Cristi go try on were nightgowns and sundresses because she'd always strip down completely naked to try on either one. I'd be standing outside waiting, the blood returning to my cock as I imagined her stripping off her clothes before pulling the nightgown or sundress on and wishing that I could watch. She'd come out and model for me, sometimes flashing me if it was safe, then she'd sneak me back into the fitting room where we'd make out again as I caressed her ass or her tits before dropping to my knees.

I'd push the hem of the nightgown or sundress up to expose her trim, brown bush and immediately run my tongue up her slit, tasting the juices that were collecting. She'd take the hem from me and hold it up as I slipped a couple of fingers into her juicy pussy and pump them while licking and sucking her clit. She'd lean back against the wall or mirror so she could push her hips toward my face and spread her legs for me while I devoured her pussy and it became even wetter and more engorged than it had already been. Her hand would end up on the back of my head while the other continued to hold up the hem of the garment she was trying on as she held my head in place and humped her pussy against my face.

After anticipating our meeting and sucking my cock, she was always really worked up and it didn't take very long for her to be on the verge of cumming. I'd try to draw out her pleasure for as long as I felt it would be safe, but she'd tell me that she liked the first orgasm to be quick, especially when she knew she'd be having at least one more with my cock embedded in her pussy. I'd slip my free hand up under the sundress or nightgown to fondle her tits if I could while either glancing up at the look of raw passion on her face or sideways toward a mirror if there was one in my peripheral vision. My cock was typically pretty rigid again by the time she was on the verge of cumming and, as she gasped and her body started to shake, I was always pleased that I'd be fucking her momentarily.

I'd stand as she recovered and quickly have my pants and underwear at my ankles, my throbbing cock standing straight out. We liked the fitting rooms with a decent-sized seat so that I could sit and have Cristi straddle me, facing away. She'd again hold the hem of the garment up so that I could take her by her bare hips and guide her ass toward my lap. She'd reach down with her free hand and guide my cock to her hot, slippery pussy then sit. Once she started to ride up and down on my tool, I'd inevitably look around toward one of the mirrors and want to see her fully naked, so I'd raise the nightgown or sundress over her head and cast it aside. I liked being able to watch her tits bouncing and my cock being engulfed by her brown bush, though my hands usually ended up hiding her tits and sometimes one of hers would cover her bush as she stroked her clit.

She was good for at least one more orgasm, if not more, and my own second orgasm would be building as she was bouncing up and down on my tool, her pussy feeling hotter each time it engulfed me. My hands would be brushing over her hard nipples as she helped herself along by massaging her clit and her pussy would feel even better the longer she rode me. It inevitably got to the point where I was pushing up into her as she came down on me and we each got closer and closer to cumming. Usually by this point, I'd have my hands on her hips again for leverage as I pushed my cock into her as deeply as possible, so I'd be watching her tits bouncing in the mirror and feeling myself my orgasm building quickly.

Typically she'd either just beat me to the punch, and the effect of her orgasm would have me cumming almost immediately, or we'd have pretty damn near simultaneous orgasms. We did our best to stifle our moans of pleasure as we came and were mostly successful. We usually didn't rush to leave once we were both spent and would spend a few minutes catching our breath and enjoying being mostly naked together. When she got up, she'd put whatever she'd been trying on back on the hanger and start to put her own clothes back on while I did the same with mine.

Once we were dressed again, we'd make out for a few more minutes before leaving the fitting room, then gradually make our way to the mall exit where we'd say a more innocent goodbye before we parted ways until the next time.