 The anticipation of meeting Cassandra for the first time was immense; it was part fear of disappointing her and part excitement. We had been in contact online where we had met on a pen pals site, then on MSN where we had exchanged more photos and finally by telephone where we had developed the relationship to a point where we were desperate to meet each other. From a very early part of our relationship we had been flirty and very suggestive in the conversations we had, a trust had been established where we had even started to share each others deepest fantasies, which for me was liberating as I had never told anyone what they were let alone thought about acting them out.

We were meeting at a restaurant not far from where she lived; I was wearing a nice suit with an open necked shirt, not trying too hard but wanting to look good. I arrived early and ordered a drink to help me relax. God, I was nervous.

She arrived bang on time, and looked fabulous, so much better than any picture or webcam image I had seen. She was wearing a stunning black dress that was elegant and incredibly sexy, just the right amount of cleavage showing, and short enough to show her wonderful legs. I was speechless as she came over and gave me a big hug and a soft kiss on the lips.

We sat down to dinner and the conversation flowed as if we had known each other for years. As the evening went on and the wine flowed the conversation got a little more suggestive and I couldn't take my eyes off the wonderful cleavage that seemed to be getting more and more exposed. We were talking about fantasies again when Cassandra put her hand on my thigh and started moving it up to my already hard cock, she squeezed it and told me that she was looking forward to sucking me and exploring me with her tongue........I nearly came right there and then. I placed my hand on her thigh and started to move towards her pussy when she stopped me and said she needed to visit the ladies room, when she returned she put something in my hand, I looked down and it was her black lacy thong. She took my other hand and put it back on her thigh this time she didn't stop me as I moved towards her pussy. Her legs opened slightly and I felt her smooth and slightly damp pussy lips. She kissed me softly again and told me it was time to leave so we could explore some of our fantasies. I paid the bill and we left in a hurry.

Cassandra suggested we go back to her place which was a 10-15 minute drive away. The drive was along a deserted coastal road with lots of parking areas where you could stop for picnics when the weather was nice but at this time of night there was nobody around, I pulled the car into one of these picnic areas, Cassandra looked at me with a glint in her eye, she knew exactly what was going to happen. We got out of the car and immediately our kisses were harder and more feverish, I pressed my whole body against her and she could feel my hard cock press against her, my hands were all over her back and her arse trying to pull her as close to me as possible. She stopped kissing me and knelt in front of me feeling my hard cock through my trousers she unzipped me and freed my cock, her hands felt so good stroking me but her mouth felt even better as she took me and started sucking, using her tongue to explore the head of my cock and her hands to stroke me and feel my aching balls, it was amazing to look down and see this stunning woman with my cock in her mouth giving me an incredible pleasure, if she carried on much longer then I knew I was going to come, and I didn't want to yet so I stood her up and pushed her back against the hood of the car, I lifted her dress to find a beautifully smooth pussy that just looked like it needed my tongue deep inside it. I spread her legs wide and just admired the beauty then slowly ran my tongue all around the outside of her pussy then I used my tongue to part her pussy lips and pushed it deep inside, the taste was awesome, I found her clit and gently sucked, I could hear her moan and she pulled my head in tighter to her pussy. I pushed two fingers deep into her pussy and started to gently fuck her with them while I sucked on her clit. 

I wanted to take her to the very edge of her orgasm and I knew I was close as her moans got louder and the inside of her thighs started to shake. I stood up and kissed her hard letting her taste her wonderful pussy juices on my tongue.

My cock was so hard, I needed to be inside her, I turned her around and bent her over the hood of my car, and lifted her dress, her legs were spread wide and she looked fantastic. She looked over her shoulder and gave me a huge smile, I had my hands on her hips and I guided my cock to her hot and wet pussy, we both moaned as I slowly slid my cock deep inside her, when I was all the way in I paused to feel her pussy just gently squeezing my cock feeling it trying to pull me further in, the feeling was unbelievable.

I started to massage Cassandra's lower back as I slowly moved my cock in her pussy, building up speed. She was really moaning now telling me to fuck her harder, we were both getting close to orgasm, I could feel my balls getting tighter and my cock getting harder, Cassandra was screaming that she was coming, just as she came down from the peak of her orgasm I pulled my cock out and shot my come all over her lower back. I bent down and licked up as much of my come as I could, I turned her around and kissed her as hard as I could letting her taste my come. We held each other for a long time both of us coming down from huge orgasms, she pulled away from me, looked me in the eye with that same twinkle and said 'come on lets go home, its your turn'.

When we got back to Cassandra's house we were ripping each others clothes of as soon as we were in the front door, kissing hard as we climbed the stairs to the bedroom. When we got there she pushed me down on the bed, reached under her pillow and took out a silk scarf which she tied over my eyes as a blindfold, she whispered in my ear to lie back and enjoy. She took my wrists and tied them to the bed also using silk scarves making sure that they were not too tight.

My cock was now so hard again as she kissed her way down my body, spending time with my nipples, sucking them and biting them just hard enough to mix the pain with pleasure. She reached my cock and took it in her mouth sucking and licking it, driving me crazy with lust. She stopped and I felt her get of the bed, I heard a draw open and she said to me that it was my time to get fucked and to just lie back and enjoy. She got back on the bed opened my legs wide and knelt between then, she now had full access to my cock and balls. She took my cock in her hands and started to slowly wank it using one hand on my cock and one hand on my balls, she then took my cock in her mouth sucking it, biting it, trying to take all of it down her throat. Her other hand had stopped playing with my balls and had moved down to my arse where I could feel a finger gently pushing at the tight entrance. I had never had anyone play with my arse before, but it had always been a massive part of my fantasies now I was about to find out if the reality was as good as the fantasies were.

I tried to relax my arse as her finger slid deeper inside me, it is a strange feeling as her mouth was sucking my cock and felt fucking awesome and her finger was pushing deeper and deeper into my arse, and also felt fucking awesome.

She pulled her finger out of my arse and stopped sucking me, coming up to kiss me she asked if I was ready to get fucked, I tell her that I was.

I felt her finger playing with my arse again, this time rubbing lube all around the tight hole, she opened my legs wide and lifted them up and I felt the head of the strap-on cock she was wearing pushing against the tight entrance to my arse, she kissed me and told me to relax. I could feel the strap-on cock slowly going deeper in my arse, it was a weird feeling of intense pain and incredible pleasure, her hand was stroking my cock, which was still so hard, and I felt the rubber cock all the way in my arse making me feel incredibly full. She kissed me again asking if I was ok, I said that I was and that it felt so incredible. She started to slowly pull the dildo out of my arse and as it was nearly all the way out she pushed it back in again causing me to let out a huge groan, she kept doing this getting faster and deeper as she fucked my arse, all the time wanking my cock at the same speed she was fucking me. I was screaming now for her to fuck my arse and I could feel my orgasm starting to build, I told her to keeping fucking me as I felt my cock get so hard and my come shoot out all over my belly and chest, it was such an intense orgasm that I was shaking and moaning. I felt her take the rubber cock out of my arse and then lean forward to lick up as much of my come as she could then kissed me hard so I could taste my come on her tongue.

She untied me and we collapsed in each other arms and drifted off into a wonderful sleep.

To be continued...