 The fire was bright, but not as bright as Abigail's eyes as she beheld this man. She wanted to be with him, to fully give herself to him. She knew him to be kind and gentle, caring and loving. And now, she realized she had the right to feel those things again. Ken would not have wanted her to wrap herself in cotton and grow old alone. He had such a zest for living, he would have wanted her to immerse herself in the most wonderful life imaginable.

Lying beside Cameron, these thoughts raced through Abby's mind. She looked up at Cam's strong face and saw her future there. This man would spend the rest of his life with her, making her happy and sharing everything.

She reached up with her hand, caressing his slightly rough face, wondering how it would feel against hers. He knew what she wanted and bent his head to hers, just placing his skin against her, breathing into her ear. At first, they were satisfied with small intimacies. Then, it wasn't enough. She needed more. He wanted to give her more. They turned to each other, their mouths questing, seeking, searching. When their lips met, it was like coming home. His mouth covered hers, pulling her gently into him. His tongue reached out, tracing, probing, learning. She allowed herself to melt against him, to match his body inch for inch. She felt nourished by his mouth, fulfilled. The womanly ache he created was amazing. She felt her body coming alive from a long sleep, her dormant feelings resurfacing in full strength, a woman who knew what she wanted and where to find it.

Neither was aware of the clothing disappearing. They began fully dressed in the warm apparel, flannel and demin and thick socks. Then they were together, skin on skin, only undergarments separating their eager flesh.

Cam stopped kissing her long enough to ask just once more. "Is this what you want, Abigail? We can wait, we can go slow, we can take forever if you want. I have waited for you my whole life, and I can wait longer. It is you who is important to me, and what you want is everything."

Abigail looked into his sweet face, the face she had come to love so much. In reply, she slipped her hands behind her back and unclasped her bra. The fabric loosened. She shrugged slightly and her full breasts were free, the nipples taut in the cool air. Moving closer, she pressed herself against his slightly hairy chest, reveling in the feel of a man's flesh touching her again. Her head settled on his shoulder, his hands caressed her bare back, marking her with his wandering fingers.

Body to body, skin to skin, now they were separated only by panties and briefs. She could feel his need and desire. Her own appetites, so long asleep, were roaring to life. She felt the special ache between her legs that meant she was alive. They moved together, rolling back and forth, searching for the closeness they both needed. Hands explored, mouths attacked, legs were wrapped, pulling them into a tight unit of longing.

Then they were naked. All obstacles were removed, they were able to press the needy flesh together, creating warmth and beginning their life together. 

Cam pushed her shoulders into the pillow, leaning over her, marveling at her body in the glowing firelight. Her first inclination was to cover herself, prevent Cameron from seeing her imperfections. But he wanted it all. The first of which was the sight of his love. Her skin was burnished, velvety. His eyes traveled down her body, enjoying the special beauty that was Abigail. Her breasts were full, lush. Tipped with cherry pink nipples, they invited his mouth to a feast. He was tempted, but waited, wanting to see it all.

His eyes traveled over her body, already knowing what making love with Abby would be like. He saw her slightly rounded tummy, her dark, thick curlies, her delicate feet. Altogether, the sight of Abby was delicious. He leaned over her, kissing her again, waiting until he felt her relax against his mouth, then he began the most important journey of his life. He kissed her neck, perfumed with vanilla. He wanted her to lie back and enjoy, but it had been too long and she wanted him too much. As he kissed, she did too. Their mouths busily seeking flesh to kiss, lick, taste. She shyly echoed his movements, wanting to be an equal in the lovemaking. Until his lips found her breasts.

Ah, her breath caught and she stilled completely. He circled the flesh, molding her with his mouth. He lingered in the valley between her breasts, licking the spot and making her throb. His mouth caressed the soft sloping sides, his tongue traced the tender undersides of that most delicate flesh. The wonder of his warm mouth covering her nipple was overwhelming. He licked, sucked, nipped, pulled the pinkness deep into his hot mouth, covering her completely. She felt the pull of his nursing mouth down to her very center and she cried out with passion. Her back arched to meet him, her hand reaching for the forgotten nipple, pulling and twisting it with her fingers. He pushed her hand away with his cheek and began moving his head back and forth, nursing and fondling each in turn, small moans of satisfaction filling the air. He wanted to stay at her breasts forever, feeling the roughness of the tiny buds in his mouth, knowing the pleasure he was giving her. But he had so much more to taste and touch.

He slid down her body, his slightly scratchy beard tickling her with erotic delight. She moved against him, held his head with her fingers, called his named and prayed he wouldn't stop. Her legs fell open, presenting to him the center of her passion. Now he stopped, inhaling, for the first time, the scent of the woman he loved. She was so aroused, so ready, so ripe for him. He pressed his cheek against her, feeling the soft lushness of her curls. His hand slid up her thigh, feeling the satin skin and the heat. Cam turned his head, his mouth seeking her swollen slit. Ah, her pink flesh peeked out, ready for him, wanting him. He covered that slit with his mouth, french-kissing her. His tongue slid along the opening, feeling the wetness, the incredible smoothness of her inner self. Up and down, deeper and deeper he delved, finding the internal landmarks of his lover. Now he found her clit, tiny and hard, and felt her body tremble as he licked it slowly. Then he found the entrance to her pussy, thrusting his tongue as deeply as he could, feeling the way her flesh caressed his tongue, molding to it. His face was wet with her juices, his mouth continued the search, wanting to learn it all, wanting to pleasure her. He focused on her clit, circling, flicking, sucking lightly. Cam delighted in the moans he could hear, the way Abby's fingers raked his skull, the dance of her hips against his face. He wanted to stay buried in her warmth forever, but even now could feel her tightening, her legs clamped around his head. Her fingers held his hair, his face, tightly in place. Then, she exploded. He felt her shudders of passion, heard her screams of pleasure, heard for the first time the way she said his name when drugged with desire. He didn't move, but rode with her orgasm, touching her lightly with his tongue now, barely caressing her. Finally, she stilled, releasing her hold on his hair. He lifted his wet face, grinning at her, pleased with himself and with Abby. He slid up her now sated body, noted the pleasant flush covering her chest, her hardened nipples, her drooping eyelids. 

Kissing her deeply, he positioned himself between her legs, his cock throbbing with need and heat. Abby lifted her hips, wrapping her short legs around his waist, bringing the wet head of his cock against her damp curls. She reached down and caressed him, held him against her swollen slit, rubbing her body with the velvety head, adding to her moisture. Cam looked down and saw her hand, wrapped around his manhood and almost lost control. It was incredibly erotic, watching her use his cock for her own pleasure. Slowly, the head of his cock disappeared into her pussy. He watched with fascination as she slid him up and down her ready body, burying him deeper and deeper. Finally, with one thrust of her hips, wrapping her legs tighter around his waist, she pulled him completely into her needy pinkness. He slipped inside, sheathed by her smooth flesh, completely fitting into the center of his love.

Her eyes met his. "This is more than I ever expected, Cameron. You and I. You and I. I knew we could be the best of friends, the closest of companions. But this is so much more. Sharing myself with you seems so right. You fill me, complete me, match me. I love you, Cam."

Hearing the words, hearing Abby say she loved him, pushed Cameron over the edge. He gripped her thighs, pulling her even closer to him, making it impossible to tell which one was which, and began the ancient dance of love. He thrust into her, finding her warm depths and fitting them, his cock hot and hard inside her, marking her as his own. Over and over, his hips met hers, his fingers making bruises on her tender thighs as he held her tightly. He looked into her face in the firelight, seeing the reflection of his need and desire. "I love you, Abigail. I suppose I have for awhile. You give me what I have been searching for, love, companionship, peace. I love you, my dearest woman. Thank you for being you and loving me."

His breathing became ragged and the words stopped. He felt his balls tighten and knew he wouldn't last much longer. He looked into Abby's eyes once again, seeing only love and desire there. He felt the explosion begin, his cock thrusting deeper and faster, his come filling her depths with heat. He cried out her name as he reached his climax. She continued her ride, slower now, just wanting to milk his cock for his pleasure. As his thrusts subsided, he lowered her hips to the carpet, moving along, staying joined at the hips, lying above her, cradling her in his arms. They kissed long and deeply, repeating the words of love they both felt.

Lying together, the fire dying down, they re-affirmed their love for each other, knowing it was the first day of their life together.

The kiss had changed everything.

THE END.