 Chris wandered around the bookstore and checked his watch. He had a little time so he moved to the fishing and boat magazines section. It was in an area that allowed him a view of the parking area. It was supposed to be a black Ford Explorer he was looking for. As he was waiting he found an excellent selection of boating magazines and even got engrossed in a short article in one. He was there to meet a person that he had met online. They had spent hours chatting and sharing their mutual problems and interests. Cathy was also in a boring loveless relationship and he found a comfort in chatting with her. This was their first meeting. He had a description and was looking for a lady with brown hair around five feet tall with glasses. From past experience with people he had met on the Internet he was not expecting much. More often then not when he got pictures they turned out to be overweight and not much to look at. In this case he didn't care, as his purpose was to meet a lady who he had enjoyed conversation with. It was a simple coffee meeting and the bookstore was a good clean safe place to meet for a quiet chat.

He found a story on fishing and became so involved he almost forgot what he was there for. He looked up and there was a very pretty lady wearing a black leather coat and a long ankle length dress standing beside him. She had brown hair, glasses and was holding a cup of coffee. She had a very nice smile and obviously knew but still asked if he was Chris and he replied, "you must be Cathy". They found a table and she sat down as he went to the counter to get a coffee for himself. He was taken back and caught himself looking over at the table for fear she might leave. This was not the visual that had been floating around in his mind. This was a beautiful classy lady that had pride in her appearance. She was very petite and her hair was immaculately cared for, her makeup was flawless and her choice of clothing was excellent. She smiled as he returned to the table.

They engaged in small talk obviously both feeling each other out. Cathy was very interesting with a wonderful sense of humor and he liked her at once. They chatted about her business and the many things they had discussed in their hours online. Cathy seemed to be enjoying herself and the time passed so quickly that before both of them realized it they had been there for over two hours. They left the building and chatted a little in the parking lot constantly watching that they would not be seen and recognized. By this time Chris was feeling a definite excitement growing. The very idea of ever becoming close enough to become intimate with this person seemed unlikely. But it was something he intended to pursue without a doubt. He held her hand and it was small and soft as he said goodbye for now. She drove away and he knew he would not let this be their last meeting.

That evening he was back online and saw Cathy's name pop up on his messenger box. In their first exchange of messages she told him she had enjoyed the meeting. There were the expected comments about how neither or them were what they had expected and how each was pleasantly surprised. The online conversation was taking a new and different twist now and the flirting coming from each end was very apparent. It was not only being laid on thick by Chris but was coming back in no uncertain terms from Cathy as well. They were really having fun and it was starting to look like both of them were more then aware where this was going. Chris suggested that the next time they meet they should find a place more secluded where they could perhaps take a short walk. The weather had been beautiful and they agreed to meet in one of the city parks by the river the next afternoon. 

Chris parked in the parking area and waited and before long Cathy drove in and parked a few stalls away from him. He went over and met her at her car and they held hands for a second always being aware of the fact they could be watched. She looked even prettier to him then the day before. They walked off together down one of the many hiking trails that ran along the river. They went for a short while then stopped at one of the picnic tables along the trail and rested. Cathy sat on the tabletop and Chris sat close again gently holding one of her soft warm hands. There was now a definite closeness between the two of them. Chris continued to hold Cathy's hand as they started out again and before long he went so far as to slide his arm around her. They walked slowly feeling comfortable with each other. 

They turned down a trail that led off the main path into a secluded area. As soon as they were off the traveled area Chris stopped and pulled Cathy towards him. She looked up at him as he lifted her chin and kissed her softly. Her lips were warm and soft and as he moved her warm body close to him he felt her arms slide up his back. Their first kiss was soft and gentle and Cathy moved closer. Chris drew her against him and it was like a nerve was touched and at once there was urgency about them. Almost immediately he felt Cathy moving her lips on his and their breathing quickened. Her body was tight against his and he slowly started to caress her back. He was now sliding his tongue easily between her lips and she was rubbing it with hers and sucking the tip of his. Their breath was coming fast as he moved his hands in a gentle circular motion on her back. Cathy laid her head against his chest as she almost molded herself to him. The passion flowed out of him as he moved down her hip seductively massaging it as he explored the lovely shape under his hand. She responded to his touch by moving so his leg was between hers and he felt her grind slightly against him. It was like a heated explosion had occurred as both of them kissed, caressed and explored each other's bodies. It was too much, too hot and they finally released each other. 

Chris and Cathy stopped no less then four times during the short walk back to the parking lot. At the last stop Chris continued caressing her hips and her outer thigh. Cathy again moved her legs so she was around one of his and she slowly rubbed herself. It was impossible for her to not feel his erection, as it was almost tight against her. It was very evident she not only felt it but also was moving in such as way as to make sure she could feel it. Their kiss was hot and passionate and they were all over each other with Cathy sucking Chris's tongue as he slid it between her lips. Chris had felt much of her shapely body by now having slid his hands under her clothing so he could caress her soft warm bare skin. As their eyes met there were no questions that needed to be asked. Nothing needed to be said as the only question remaining was when and where. That was soon to be answered.

They were not prepared to wait and neither of them was concerned at this point whether there was candlelight and soft music. Chris opened the back door of his new pickup and they both piled into the back seat. With the location of where it was parked and with the shaded windows they had almost absolute privacy. It was a bit cramped but with the use of a pillow and a blanket it was not that bad. Neither of them cared as they wrapped themselves in each other's arms. Chris moved Cathy so her head was on the pillow and slid her jacket off almost at the same time as he threw his in the front seat. In no time his hands were under her top and onto her bra strap. She released her breath and that loosed the hooks so Chris could pop the strap open. Cathy moved herself back from Chris to give him the room she wanted him to have. They looked into each other's eyes as he placed his hand on her bare chest. She was small and delicate but her breasts were full, very firm and absolutely beautiful. 

With almost trembling hands Chris softly cupped Cathy's breasts and gently rolled the nipples and felt them get hard between his fingers. They settled down on the seat and Cathy moved her top up at the same time pressuring and urging Chris's head down. He softly kissed and sucked the nipples first one and then the other. By this time he was caressing Cathy's hip. She almost seemed so preoccupied with the attention her breasts were getting that she didn't notice at first that he was now slowly rubbing between her legs. He could feel the outline of his ultimate goal very well through the soft material as he felt her slight tremor and sharp intake of breath. There was no resistance instead she increased the pressure against his hand and began a slight movement. 

There would be no stopping now as their emotions had taken over. There was no longer any thought of waiting or looking for a better more comfortable spot. Chris covered Cathy with the light blanket and quickly removed her lower clothing with her help. Soon she was almost bare from the waist down. Chris was a bit shocked when he found that Cathy was wearing a thong. That was quite unexpected and they both relished the humor of the moment. She lifted herself and he slowly slid the thong down and off as he then slowly moved his hand up the inside of her thigh. Cathy's breathing was coming faster as he gently touched her and felt the wetness. She inhaled sharply. She was very small and her soaked wet lips were tight and compact like those of a young girl. Her soft hair was neatly trimmed. Cathy voluntarily spread herself slightly as Chris gently slid his finger along her slit. He moved under the blanket and kissed her soft tummy and tentatively moved lower. Almost as if granting permission Cathy put her hand on his head and gently urged him downwards. 

Chris's lips and tongue traveled along her soft skin until he was right over her mound and almost as a natural movement she opened her legs for him. Cathy moaned slightly as he lowered his lips. He opened her gently and tasted the wetness and inhaled her clean fresh fragrance. It was very apparent this was something she loved as Chris began to lick and slide his tongue more forceful. He was gently caressing her breasts as he settled into tickling the outer lips and sucking her inner folds and finally he used his tongue to probe her. She moved against him in rhythmic movements as he was sliding his tongue in and out of her and using it to feel her tightness inside. He spread her upper slit with his tongue and uncovered her most sensitive little area. He formed his lips right over it and sucked at the same time as he flicked his tongue on it. Cathy began to moan and arch her lower body hard against Chris so that he almost had to hold her down. She was going to climax and he worked his tongue on her faster. He sucked her and teased her until she gave a few hard pelvic thrusts and forced his head hard down into her. She whimpered as Chris felt her body tense and contract and she forced herself against him. He felt the release and a quiver go through her followed by an almost relaxed calm as she now held him close. Chris was so excited and his erection was straining in his jeans. He had to release the top button and let the zipper down freeing it. Cathy almost at once lowered her hand and with a soft moan of excitement she gently wrapped her fingers around his hardness and softly stroked him.

She was very good and Chris didn't know how far this was going but as Cathy continued to stroke him he finally lost control. He quickly moved over her and with no hesitation she adjusted her pelvis. She was making no attempt to hide what she also wanted and without any words between them Chris lowered him self to her. He brought his hardness down and guided it into the opening where he wet the tip and with a smooth firm push felt himself slide smoothly into Cathy. She was very tight but warm, wet and smooth as she lifted and took all of him into her. He held her under him and then kissed her deeply as nature took over and he started to move with a slow rhythm. She softly whispered in his ear and asked him not to cum inside her as she used no protection. It was too late to stop now and Cathy made no indication she wanted to so he moved faster and harder while she gripped him and held him tightly. He began to feel the tightening in his loins. There was a numbness and feeling not unlike pins and needles running through him as he stroked hard and fast. He could feel the tightness inside her virtually milking his hard shaft and he knew he had better get out now. He quickly withdrew the throbbing hardness and pressed it into a towel as he felt the release. He squirted at least five long hard streams of warm sticky semen as he looked down and saw Cathy smiling at him as if she was happy for the pleasure he had received. 

Chris found it hard to believe that two mature people such him and Cathy had become so excited they had almost lost their senses. The idea of doing this in the back seat of a truck in a parking lot in the city was unreal. It did have a certain excitement but it also left Chris feeling a little embarrassed. This was not the type of woman that you would lead into a thing like that. This was someone who deserved a fine hotel. He was shocked and upset with himself. Cathy seemed in good spirits but also seemed to be having a few misgivings. They helped each other get dressed and sat and chatted briefly and then he walked Cathy over to her car. She soon drove off. Chris was wrapped in remorse feeling he had found a beautiful person and was sure he had chased her away. He was convinced in his mind that he would not see her again. He felt that regardless of the fact she did indeed participate there was little doubt she would not feel comfortable with him after doing this. He drove home totally upset and convinced he had made a big mess of what could have been something beautiful by getting in a big hurry and not controlling himself. 

That evening he went online and soon he noticed Cathy come on line. He was very apprehensive about what to say or even what to do. Her message popped up on the screen saying, "Chris, I loved this afternoon". His eyes lit right up and that message became the beginning of something wonderful, as you will see in my next story featuring Cathy and Chris in the mountains.