 This was my fourth trip to Cartersville. And it was a fluke. The person that regularly traveled here was sick and I was instructed at the last minute to get packed, get to the airport and here are your tickets. I was lucky that I was familiar with our products and although I had no formal experience as a teacher, the crews learned the new system in record time. This evidently bought me a few points, now that I'm "requested" by Branford to head the seminar.

There were three motels in the area, two were located next to each other on the main highway catering to the trucking and local "rent by the hour" crowd. The Pines Motel was the third and was located about a mile outside of the other side of town. It sat all by itself on what was supposed to be the future interstate I-something that was never built. 

While I was filling out the motel registration I heard a familiar voice. I turned around and was surprised to see Cathie. She worked for the other company supplying services to this company and we had met during the spring session. Although we had encountered each other often at Branford, this was the first time at The Pines Motel.

We talked for a few minutes and agreed to have dinner together. Boy, this was a pleasant surprise form my typical 'all by myself' meals. I put my bag in my room and hurried back to the restaurant. 

Now, it's difficult to screw up a steak, but the motel restaurant did an amazing job of it that night. The outside looked perfect but although it couldn't be more than half an inch thick the center was raw. The wilted lettuce salad and a baked potato helped cut the hunger pangs, and a few beers from the bar gradually relaxed us. We laughed and agreed that a sixty-mile drive back to the Interstate and a decent restaurant would probably seem like an extremely short trip after this meal.

After dinner Cathie said that she was going for a swim and that she would meet me in the morning for breakfast. We decided that we would take a chance they would not be able to screw up Cornflakes too badly. 

I went back to my room, and turned on he TV. Wow! It was programmed so show all of eight channels. I turned it off, lay down on the bed, got up and decided to take a walk. Splashing from the pool area caught my attention so I walked over and leaned on the fence.

Across the pool I saw Cathie walking toward the pool in a swimsuit. Now this wasn't a bikini or anything too skimpy but it was the first time I had seen her legs and it was definitely the first time I had seen her with her hair down. Now it was at these times I felt that old familiar stirring that had been dormant for such a long item. 

Ever since July of last year, I had been angry, hurt, confused, upset and thinking of anything end everything except women. Burying myself in work had allowed me to keep my mind on other matters since then. Now...watching her walk over to the pool, seeing the shape of her breasts through the suit, seeing just a hint of cleavage; apparently increased the speed of blood circulation to the lower part of my body.

The red light on my phone was flashing when I returned to my room. "Nice job" the message said, "We need you to be in Atlanta by the end f the week."

Now what do I do? Cathie is incredible and she seems to like me but what happens next? Should I ask her to come to Atlanta with me, should I forget the whole thing? Should I go to Atlanta and get back into my "work in everything" mode? This entire running around in my head made dinner a disaster. I'm sure she figured out I'm a real jerk. 

Well we still had a few more days and maybe my mind would be a little clearer after a good night's sleep. At about 10 all the power went out at the motel. It was OK for a while and I kept thinking that it will be back in a minute or two. By 1 a.m. my room had heated up to an extremely uncomfortable level. I opened my door and as I was looking around I could see the vague outline of the pool fence. Hmmmmmmm

The pool area was dark but the half moon gave me enough light to keep from stumbling I was standing in the water congratulating myself on my decision when I heard Cathie's voice ask if there was room for one more person and then a splash.

When she swam up to me suddenly all my indecision was gone. I wanted to be with her no matter what. When I put my hands on her waist, she put her arms around my neck and we began a very long and passionate kiss that created an erection in me that felt like a telephone pole. When I felt her gently brushing up against it I moved back slightly so as not to scare her. She would have none of that however and moved her hips as close as she could. We stood there in the water not moving, looking into each other's eyes. When she saw what I suppose was uncertainty in my eyes, she began to slowly rub against my now fully erect penis.

We held each other and kissed for what seemed like forever. When we finally took a break I suggested perhaps it might be a good idea to get out of the pool and dry off. I took my towel and very carefully dried her spending a considerable amount of time on her breasts and the upper portion of her legs. I told her that it was probably time that I got back to bed and she had to get back to bed as well. I took her hand and told her that I'd walk her to her room. She squeezed my hand and did not say anything. All too soon we were at her door. I put my hands on her face and gave her a very soft kiss on her lips.

At breakfast the next morning, I complimented Cathie on her diving style. She thanked me and suggested perhaps we could take a swim together after dinner. I made a mental note to stop somewhere and buy myself some trunks.

I detected a fresh form the shower scent all around her that made my head swim. Was it my imagination or was the blouse she was wearing skimpier than anything I had ever seen her wear before. I seemed to remember her always wearing a jacket of some sort. Maybe she wears it at work and wanted to me more comfortable for breakfast. Did she always have that second button undone? Her hair was down again. In the past it had always been up in a very business like hair arrangement. All I could think about was having dinner together, then a cool swim. 

I seemed to be in a daze all day. I couldn’t think of anything but Cathie. The Branford building was cool enough but the trip from the car to the building after breakfast soaked me with sweat, as did the trip to lunch and back. The discount store was deserted, the heat I suppose. By the time I got back it the room I was soaked with sweat and as I closed the door the phone rang. It was Cathie and if I was as hot as she was, I should meet her at the pool in five minutes.

Three and a half minutes later, after a quick shower, I walked out to the pool, looked around and when I did not see her, dropped my towel and dove in. The cool water was heaven. I could feel the guilt-up tension drains from my body. I stopped swimming and just floated there face down.

Someone tickling my feet brought me back to the real world. As I raised my head and looked around, Cathie was at my side, bumping against me and smiling wonderfully. How did she do that? Sweating all day, chlorine pool water and she smelled like lilacs.

We talked face to face and after another swimmer splashed by, she put her hands on my waist and moved closer to make room for him to get by. I put my arms around her neck and as we both moved our eyes from the swimmer back to each other we found our bodies touching. We just looked into each other’s eyes for a moment then I leaned over and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. She pulled me a little closer and returned the kiss a little harder and a little longer.

The splashing of swimmers brought us back to reality. As we looked around we observed a number of the other swimmers smiling at us. We finished out swim, and returned to our rooms. When I looked at her I realized that she was way too beautiful not to kiss. I put my hands on either side of her face and we shared the most fantastic kiss. You know the kind, the long, slow, last forever kiss….the one you were born for…..It’s a closeness like no other.

Somehow the door opened behind us, and we moved into her room, my lips warm and kind, yet demanding on hers. I cupped her right breast and with my other hand slipped her swimsuit off first one shoulder, then the other. My mouth was warming her nipples.

When I sat down on the king-sized bed, she kneeled and took my penis in her mouth and soon waves of pleasure began rolling over me. Sliding back on the bed she continued until just before that point where nothing you can do will stop an orgasm. She cupped my balls in her hand, and began kissing the head of my penis ever so lightly and gently; little licks and nibbles up and down the shaft.

She continued her attentions to my penis and started the deep suction she knew I would love. She took her time pleasuring me. She said she hadn’t done this in quite awhile, but she always found it enjoyable.

I rolled over, knelt beside her and kisser mouth for what seemed forever. My eyes were on her face asking a question, she knew what the question was, I knew the answer My fingertips were drawing circles on her breast. Slowly moving downward to her lower belly, and finally, after what seemed like an eternity, to her already swollen pussy lips.

I moved my kisses back to her breasts, her navel then to my favorite. Spot. I parted her legs and began kissing and stroking her inner thighs with my tongues. I began to softly kiss her pussy lips and then I slid my tongue between her lips and began to tease her clit. I started a gently but firm suction. As I felt it start to grow and harden I again kissed and very lightly began to lick her pussy lips. I darted my tongue inside her. The taste of her pussy was incredible, I could feel her juices on my face and I could smell her wonderful scent.

I slid my thumb into her pussy very slowly and when I couldn’t get it in any further I began to move it in and out, my chin was gently massaging her clit and my tongue was licking her pussy lips. While my thumb was moving in and out of her pussy, I took my forefinger and slid in alongside my thumb and when it was nice and wet I started to gently massage her puckered little hole. I stroked her juices all around the area and began pleasuring her anus with my slick and juicy fingers.

I heard a soft Ohhhhhh and felt her move toward me. I slowly and carefully slide my finger inside her and started a gently in and out motion with both fingers. My chin was slowly pressing down on her clit and my tongue was darting in and out of her pussy just as fast as I could make it go. I felt her come for the first time. She said she just couldn’t help it. And I was pleased and excited by this. I crawled over to caress her tenderly and straddled her thighs with my own. I looked into her eyes and gave her an extraordinary kiss. I entered her pussy and began stroking ever so firmly and deeply it was almost more than I could bear, but, ah, I could bear it as long as she wanted. This was the closest thing I figured I’d ever come to heaven and she matched my thrusting, finding the rhythm as old as time itself. She came again and this time I felt a warm glowing surge build up in my balls and in seconds I came and I came and I came

As we lay there sleepily holding each other, my mind drifted to my uncertain future and what I wanted to happen in my life. I realized tat that moment after all of the pent up passion and lust had expended itself, that there was only one thing that really mattered, Cathie.