 There I was working late on Friday night. It was slower than Christmas thanks to high school football games. I run a restaurant in a small town, its usually slammed pack. I work all the time, its sad my social time is basically cut out completely. I work with some great people. We talk and have fun while getting our asses kicked. We are a bunch of sex deprived horn dogs who work way too much, so the conversations always lead to sex. We all just want to get laid but got to pay bills. 

I am a natural flirt, I don't even try most girls cant stand me because of it. I don't care boys are more fun anyways. I am a curvy woman 38DD tits and wide hips. My ass is nice and firm it's touched a lot while I'm working. I act like I get mad but really I enjoy it. I haven't had sex in months. My husband works days and I'm always having to work nights. We see each other once a week and by then after working 6 days a week he works 10hrs and I put in about 13hrs a day we are too tired and too busy to even have sex. Its a lame excuse. Honestly I don't feel a connection with him maybe because we rarely see each other.

I am very close to one guy in particular at work, he has been through some awful relationships. We talk a lot and here recently we cant keep our hands off each other. Its a tight space back in the kitchen and we usually run table together. When he squeezes by me he presses his entire body against mine I can feel his breath as he goes by and says "Oh excuse me I am so sorry". He is tall above 6ft and I'm just 5ft2ish. He is always reaching over me and I'll walk under his arms we move around each pretty well and we are fast. Just the other day he was extra touchy. He leaned over me to get to the top rack above us and his other hand was on my hip while he pressed his body against mine. I paused for a moment and arched my back pushing my butt into him even more. I wanted to feel more of him. Ever since then I have not be able to stop thinking about fucking him right there in the kitchen. 

Today we are slow which isn't normal so we have a bunch of extra people. I am not even needed in the kitchen so I have been working on inventory and getting new truck order put in. I have recruited him to help especially with the boxes stacked to the ceiling. I don't know why they do that. Pretty sure its just a mean on going short joke. We have taken every opportunity to touch and of course extra flirting. I can feel how wet my pussy is without even touching myself. I can't stop myself. I want to fuck him so badly. I am married, he is my employee and he is 8 years younger than me I can't have sex with him. He probably just flirts with me because I'm his boss. Images of me bouncing on his cock keep popping up in my head. I bit my lip and shake my head to get them out of my head. We have done all the inventory except for one section. The only area with no camera. I don't know if I can control myself in there. Not today I need to cum so bad, I need to be fucked good. So I tell him I will take care of the boxes in the freezer. We are standing next to the freezer door and he laughs at me when I say that. I give him a mean look then he opens the door cases of fries are stacked to the ceiling and those babies weigh 50lbs each. I just close my eyes and take a deep breath. 

"Well lets get this started."

"Yes ma'am."

We go in the freezer and he asks "Want me to grab you a coat?"

I shook my head "Nah I'll be alright."

I thought to myself I'm so hot and horny I'm probably melting the food. I giggled at my thought out loud. 

"What's so funny?"

"Oh nothing, lets get this done so we can close up."

We work hard for about 15 minutes. I stop for a minute and I shiver. He comes close to me. Rubbing my arms to try and warm me up.

"Thought you didn't need a coat."

"Yea probably should have gotten one just didn't want it to slow me down."

He is holding me now looking me in the eyes. I bit my lip and his eyes drift down to see. I automatically blush. He smiles at me and I smile back. Staring deep into his eyes my body is weak they are a beautiful blue. I let slip my one and only thought

"Kiss me!"

Without hesitation he does. He grabs me by the waist and pulls me even closer and kisses me with so much passion. I loose all control. I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him towards me even more. We kiss for what feels like a good hour. His hands roaming all over my body. He grabs my ass with both hands and lifts me I wrap my legs around his waist. He turns and sits on an empty shelf. I'm in his lap he lifts my shirt above my head then unsnaps my bra. He leans back to look at my boobs then slightly moans. He takes them both in his hands gently squeezing and teasing my nipples. He takes one his in mouth and I moan. My back is arched so he has better access. He stops to kiss me before he goes on to the other. I can feel his dick is straining against his pants. He is so hard and I want to taste it! I pull his mouth to mine and kiss him while I'm undoing his pants. I get on my knees and release his dick. Its so thick I was surprised. My pussy got even more wet when I saw it.

I lick the underside up and down getting it all nice and wet. Ignoring the tip and watching the pre-cum oozing out more and more. Keeping eye contact I lick the pre-cum off the tip and take just the tip in sucking it gently but firmly. All while I'm stroking the shaft. He doesn't take his eyes off of me. I stop and smile at him then I take his entire cock in my mouth. Making slight gagging sounds at first. Then I start moaning on his cock. I want him inside me so badly. I keep sucking him and I can feel his body tensing up. He is breathing heavy and asks me to stop. I do as I'm told. Looking up at him licking my lips clean. He pulls me up making me stand while he is removing my pants. I turn around as I remove my lacey thong bending over so he can see my pussy from behind. Right then I let out a moan as he starts rubbing my pussy from behind. Teasing my swollen clit while sliding 2 fingers inside me. 

I turn around to face him "That's not what I want."

I straddle his lap and slowly lower myself onto him. Taking him inch by inch feeling him widen me. He feels amazing. I have taken him all in I am already so close to cumming. I start bouncing up and down on his cock. Slamming him deeper and deeper inside me. I can hear the wet squishing sound from my pussy. I slow myself down and start grinding on him, he starts kissing me and teasing my nipples again. I lean back and he takes my nipple and bites it. I'm so close I want to cum all over his cock. I squeeze him tight and tell him,

"Oh yes make me cum please."

He immediately stops and I'm in shock. He lifts me up turns me around and bends me over some boxes. He has my right leg lifted and with one swift thrust starts fucking me so hard from behind. I am moaning and screaming 

"Oh my God YES!" 

It feels so amazing after about 4 thrusts I'm cumming so hard. He doesn't stop he doesn't let me catch my breath he is still pounding away. He grabs my ass and slaps both cheeks then lets out several moans himself which causes me to cum again. 

He is loving my pussy. 

"Yes baby keep cumming for me!"

I reach down and start rubbing my clit while he fucks me. I lean my head back and he grabs my pony tail. We are both moaning so loud. I am so close to cumming again. He lifts my leg up a little higher he is now hitting my G Spot. I lose all control after several minutes I'm cumming so hard I squirt all over his cock. 

He shouts "Oh hell yes!"

I am completely spent. He grabs my hips with both hands and pumps into me 3 more times and he cums. I can feel his cock pulsating inside me. Releasing all that cum in me. He leans over and lays on my back kissing it. I am smiling ear to ear. We stay like that for a few more minutes. We can feel how cold the freezer really is and begin to get dressed. After we are both dressed he caresses my face and kisses me so sweetly. Then he goes and grabs us both coats so we can finishing working.