 It was a slow Saturday afternoon at the bar. I had scheduled Jed to work that night, so I was holding down the bar myself with two waitresses. It was a beautiful Memphis day outside. Most of the Trane Station regulars were outside moving around I imagined. I figured the regulars would start rolling in around eight or nine o’clock. There was a message behind the bar from Jed saying somebody named Indigo was on her way from Chicago. That should be interesting, I thought.

Whisper and Nick sat at a table by the window. They were deep into a conversation with a second pitcher of beer between them. They seemed to be enjoying themselves. Good people, both of them.

Mostly I had just been standing at the bar listening to Teri talk while she put a huge dent in my Stolichnaya inventory. She had just gotten clear of a very messy divorce and this was the first weekend for her two kids to spend with her now ex-husband. Teri needed to talk and I can be a pretty good listener so we were matched up for the day.

Teri sighed and pushed her glass to me for freshening. I got her a new glass and threw in some ice before pouring the Stoli and club soda over a fresh lime.

I had known Teri for a couple of years. I never got to know her husband, he never came around much. Teri is a petite woman. Brown hair and eyes. I met her through the Memphis running club, actually. We had even ran together through Overton Park a few times.

“Trane,” she continued with a change of subject, “What do you consider the difference between making love and fucking?”

I smiled and told myself that I had just poured Teri’s last drink for the day.

“Oh, I don’t know, Teri,” I started, “I suppose there is more emotion with making love. Maybe more physicality with fucking. Actually, if you ask me, fucking is more like masturbation. Participatory masturbation, co-ed masturbation, something like that. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. Not at all. Fucking is like doing it for the pleasure of it. Making love means more.” I paused for a moment and smiled. “But I like them both. How bout you?”

“I haven’t had either one for a long time,” she said, surprising me with the hint of sadness I heard in her voice. “But,” she brightened just a bit with a little smile, “I think I’d rather go for the fucking.”

“Teri, my friend and buddy,” I started, “You want me to call you a cab? I’ll look after your car.”

“No,” she said too quickly and a little too loudly. “I can’t go home to the house. Not alone. Not tonight.”

“Okay,” I said reaching across the bar to pat her on the shoulder. “Okay. I got an idea. I live upstairs now, over the bar. Why don’t you go up and take a nap. I’ll work the rest of the afternoon here. After you’ve rested a bit I’ll buy you some dinner tonight.”

Teri smiled knowingly. She knew she’d had too much to drink.

“Okay, but one more question,” she grinned.

“Shoot,” I told her feeling relieved.

“Do you always wear khaki shorts?” she giggled.

I laughed too. “No,” I told her, “I don’t shower on sleep in them.”

She laughed louder and I saw Whisper turn look toward us to see what was so funny.

“Do you know you got a hole in the back of your shorts?” she laughed.

“I thought I felt a breeze,” I said searching for the hole.

“I can see your ass, Trane,” she giggled with her hand over her mouth, “You ain’t wearing no underwear.”

“Never, Teri,” I told her, “Against my religion.”

We both laughed louder as both Nick and Whisper watched us.

Teri was searching in her purse for something when I walked over to Whisper and Nick’s table. They both smiled. Good people, like I said. I asked Whisper if she’d walk Teri upstairs to let her rest in my room. Whisper agreed, like a sweetheart. The futon couch makes a bed, I told her, but most of the time I just sleep on it without folding it out. 

Nick and I watched Whisper and Teri talking and laughing as they walked to the door leading to the stairs.

I asked Nick he had had a chance to see the Kentucky and Indiana game, the one where Kentucky kicked Bobby Knight’s smug ass. He just laughed and said no, so I went to find the VCR tape behind the bar.

I popped in the tape for the television over the bar. God, I told himself, Bobby Knight looks like a blimp in that red sweater.

Whisper smiled at me as she came back downstairs and walked toward Nick. She must like Kentucky too, I thought.

I watched the game between filling drink orders and watching the regular crowd roll in. Whisper and Nick were about to leave and I waved to them from behind the bar. I watched as Whisper walked toward me with a smile on her face.

“Trane,” she said, grinning, “There’s something you should probably know. I took Teri upstairs like you asked. When we walked in, she didn’t say anything, she just took her clothes off, all of them, and crawled onto your futon. She was a sleep before I put one of your blankets over her. She must have been really blasted.”

Oh shit, I thought. “Thanks, Whisper,” I told her, “You wouldn’t wanna stick around a minute and go up and wake her would you?”

Whisper just grinned and shook her head, no. You can handle it, was all she said. She and Nick left then, both of them laughing at me.

Jed showed up on time and I began to wonder about going upstairs. I had to get some rest if I was going to come back downstairs to work any later on in the evening. I tried to make as little noise as I could as I climbed the stairs. The door cooperated and opened without a sound. Teri was still asleep on my futon couch. Whisper had put a blanket over her but Teri’s leg was out from under the edge. So was her upper back since she was sleeping on her stomach. I decided to let her sleep so I pulled on some headphones, put on some Najee, and settling down on the floor to catch a nap. It didn’t take me long to fall asleep.

I woke lying on my back feeling a presence close to me. The light was dim, just streetlights through the window, the night already had fallen. Teri was kneeling beside me, her thin fingers unbuttoning my shorts.

I reached to hold her wrist. “Teri,” I said softly, “You’ve had too much to drink.”

“I’m fine, Trane,” I heard her say. “Please? Help me? Let me?” she whispered.

I released her arm and she pulled my zipper down. Her fingers found my cock and gripped its shaft. I watched her naked in the dim light, holding my cock, looking at it, studying it. Her breasts were firm, she being a small woman, her nipples hardening in the slight chill. She began to stroke me then, occasionally running her fingers over the tip, the tight slit. I was getting hard in her hand even before she leaned forward and took me in her mouth.

I could feel her tongue under the head of my cock as I watched her lips stretched wide around me. Her cheeks hollowed as she began to gently suck me. I watched her get into it, her head starting to bob over me slowly. 

I pushed the headphones off my head and reached to pull her over me. I wanted to taste her, please her, do for her what she and I both wanted. She understood and moved to straddle my face. She took her mouth from me only as long as it took to position herself on her knees. Then she leaned forward and took me again. Her pussy was only inches from my face, glistening with moisture, her lips thickening and spreading without me touching them. I pulled down on her hips gently. She spread her legs wider and lowered herself to my mouth.

I found her clit first, wanting to greet it properly. I used my hands to hold the cheeks of her ass, spreading her pussy, as I worked small circles around the hardening nub. I felt her suck harder as she moaned her approval. I wanted to tease her with my tongue, using just the tip to move up from her clit, moving across her pussy, up to her puckered anus. I eased my tongue inside and pushed forward to place it as deep inside her as I could. I moved back down to her clit and moved my left hand to touch her with my fingertips. The index finger found her pussy, the middle finger the ring of her ass.

She was almost drooling now and I loved it. Her orgasm surprised her more than me but we both felt that wave of passion and pleasure crash over us. And we hung there in that moment, suspended almost as if beneath an ocean wave.

I wanted this to be her moment, her night, her choice, so I waited for her to move. 

She was holding my cock in her hand, stroking it slowly. I could feel the side of her face against the head. I pictured her eyes closed, her head resting on my abdomen, her nose in my pubic hair.

She began to stir, lifting herself up and off of me. She didn’t speak as she moved to kneel, then to stand. She reached down and took my hand, pulling me up. My shorts dropped to my feet and I stepped out of them. The black t-shirt was up and over my head, gone. We stood naked together looking at each other. She took my hand and pulled me to a office chair in front of my computer. She pulled both me and the chair to a position in front of the French doors leading onto the small patio for my room.


“I wanted to watch our reflection in the window,” was all she said.

She had me sit in the chair. She moved in front of me and turned her back to me, facing the window then, and our reflection. She lifted her left leg and placed her foot on the chair arm beside me. Reaching down she took my cock and began to rub it up and down her very wet pussy. Her eyes never left the window and our reflection. We both could see her lips begin to spread to receive me. Her pussy looked like a mouth opening to swallow me. Swallow me she did. She stopped with just the head inside and moved her fingers down to my balls. I watched the hood over her clit and thought I could see it throb.

“Rub your clit,” I whispered to her. She did, taking her hand away from my balls. I saw her eyes close and her head go back. 

“No,” she murmured, “Not like this. Not with my hand. I want you to fuck me. Please, Trane?”

I put my hands under her thighs and lifted her gently, telling her to stand. She did and I stood as well. I took her shoulders and kissed her for the first time since we had begun. She wrapped her arms around me and held me as our tongues danced. I pivoted us while we embraced, and slowly lowered her to sit in the chair. I broke the kiss and raised her legs with my hands. Placing my hands on the chair arms, her legs were then held high and wide. She reached down between us and positioned me. I entered her in one smooth stroke.

We both watched the glass in the window. We both would look down and watch my cock pull out of her almost completely before plunging back inside firmly, deeply.

She looked up at me and smiled. I began to fuck her then, fuck her harder, faster.

My movement became even faster and harder, my dangling balls slapping against her. The sounds of her wet pussy were wonderfully erotic, the sound of warm, wet suction.

I think Teri closed her eyes and came again but I’m not sure because my own orgasm was bursting from my body. With two or three last strokes I emptied myself inside her. I leaned forward to kiss her while my cock soaked inside her pussy, mingling our juices.

I pulled away from her and stood. Her legs were still spread, a white bead of my cum running slowly downward from her swollen, open pussy. Teri knew what I was looking at. She didn’t break eye contact as she reached down and scooped up my cum on her finger. She only smiled as she moved it to her mouth and licked it off.

“Is that it, Mr. Coltrane?” she laughed softly, “Is that what you calling give a girl dinner?”

I couldn’t think of anything to say as I stood there in front of her naked, staring at her very wet, just-fucked pussy.

Finally, I asked her, “You like shrimp?"