 "Hi" 

"Hey there sexy" His deep voice answered.

"Whatcha doing this weekend?" She inquired.

"Not sure. Why?"

"My girlfriend and I are meeting for drinks down your way. Wanna meet me?"

"Don't know. What time and where?" He asked.

"Seven. The Old Barn Inn."

"Let me see if I can get out." 

"Ok. We'll be there either way. If you can get loose, stop by. I promise, it will be worth it."

*******

Josie sat back and listened half heartedly to her girlfriend bitch about her latest boyfriend. Her eyes were on the door. How she hoped Jason would show up. Ever since he had told her he wanted to have sex with her, she had been planning on a way to get him to meet her. 

"Are you even listening to me?" 

"Of course I am. Bob is an asshole. All men are."

"Steven isn't."

Josie smiled at the mention of her husband of fifteen years. No, Steven wasn't an asshole. He was one of the good guys. She was lucky. They had a great marriage and three great kids. She didn't want for anything.

And yet, here she was, hoping to meet someone and have sex with him.

"Steven is the exception. But there are men out there who are not."

"You seem preoccupied. What's up?" 

"Nothing. Want another drink?" Josie asked finishing her Mike's Hard Lemonade and standing up.

"Sure. Then I'm outta here."

Josie turned and headed to the bar. They had been there for two hours. It was obvious Jason wasn't coming. And she had just enough of Sara's bitching.

"Two Mike's" She told the bartender.

"You got it." He turned away.

Josie was digging the money out of her pocket when two bottles were placed in front of her.

"I've got it." A deep, familiar voice said behind her.

Josie smiled and grabbed the bottles. She stood still. She could feel the heat of him against her back.

"Aren't you going to turn around." He whispered at her ear.

Josie could only nod. His warm breath sent a shiver through her body, causing her nipples to harden almost painfully.

Slowly she turned and stared up into smiling brown eyes.

"Well, Josie in the flesh." He said and pressed a little closer to her. "So nice to finally meet you."

"And you. Though I didn't think you would be this tall."

"You like tall men." He reminded her.

"You're right. Come on, we have a table over there."

Josie slid past him and walked back to her table. 

"Who's your friend?" Sara asked taking her drink.

"This is Jason. We used to work together." Josie sat and waited for Jason to do the same before introducing them.

"Nice to meet you." Sara said looking him over. "So, you're married too."

Jason laughed. "You make it sound like a disease."

"Isn't it?"

"Don't mind her Jason. She's pissed because her boyfriend won't commit."

"Damn right. Five good years I have given him. And for what? He's not ready yet." She said in a whiny voice.

They all laughed. Jason signaled a passing waitress and ordered a Guiness. 

"How can you drink that stuff? It looks like mud." Josie said watching as the waitress placed his mug in front of him.

"It's a lager. Taste it."

"No way."

Jason smiled and took a healthy sip. The next half hour was spent trading stories and talking about the upcoming Christmas holiday. Sara looked at her watch and grunted.

"Shit, I gotta go. I'm supposed to meet dickhead at his place."

"If you're so mad at him, why even bother?" Jason asked, finishing off his third Guiness.

"Because I am horny and I want to get fucked. No offense Jason, but you two are married and get sex all the time." Sara stood and grabbed her purse and jacket.

"I'll call you Josie. Nice meeting you Jason."

They all said their good-byes and watched Sara leave.

"So, us married folk get sex all the time." Jason said, staring into his mug.

"Well, most of us do." Josie commented, watching his eyes lift to hers.

"Yeah, well, we all can't be as lucky as you." He said softly.

Josie knew Jason's story. He had been married for sixteen years to his high school sweatheart. There was no doubt that he loved her. They had four kids and a happy life. But as far as sex went, well, it was almost non-existent. Cathy only did it after Jason practically begged. She never moved, never moaned and oral was out of the question. It surprised her when he told her that he hadn't had a good blow job since before his marriage.

They had met at work almost two years ago. He wasn't in her department and their paths should never have crossed except that he had to go through her to get his purchase orders. He was funny and flitatious and soon they were emailing daily and he even started calling her. 

They both understood that nothing could happen between them. They enjoyed their friendship. Then one day, Jason had told her he wanted to have sex with her. Then their relationship changed. He began to open up about his sex life, or lack of and Josie told him her fantasies. All she could think about was fucking him. Giving him what his wife no longer did. But she was married. And so was he.

And then she quit her job and didn't talk to him for a while. An email out of the blue had them talking again. And now meeting. It had taken all her courage to invite him here tonight. She wanted to be with him. Just once. 

"I think I should be going too. Walk me to my van?" She said getting up.

"Sure."

Jason helped her on with her coat, threw down some money to cover the bill and followed her outside.

"I'm over there." Josie pointed to the blue minivan. 

"Thanks for coming out tonight."

"Thanks for inviting me."

"What did you tell Cathy?"

"I said I was meeting my brother. Mark is away. Besides, they don't talk anyway."

Josie knew how Cathy felt about Jason's twin. He was reckless and wild and always stirring up trouble. No, Cathy wouldn't be talking to him any time soon.

"Well," Josie unlocked her door and turned to face Jason. "thanks."

"No problem." Jason said, sticking his hands in his pockets against the cold.

The silence stretched between them. Neither one seemed ready to leave. It was now or never. Josie stepped closer to him. She placed a hand on his chest, leaned up and place a soft kiss on his closed lips.

"Josie" He said, almost as if in pain.

"Wanna come inside?" She said, opening the sliding door with her remote.

"Yes." He hissed.

They climbed into the back seat. Josie turned the van on with her starter. 

"Give it a few minutes to warm up." She said, rubbing her hands together.

"Funny, I'm warm all ready." Jason mumbled.

Josie took off her coat and watched Jason.

"What are we doing Josie?" He asked, his hand finding her thigh and gently rubbing it.

"What ever you want to do Jason." She answered, kneeling down between his thighs.

"I don't know what I want."

"Sure you do." She said, her hands rubbing the tops of his thighs, starting at his knees and moving closer to this crotch.

Jason sat back and watched her. His eyes holding hers. She knew what he wanted. What he craved. What he begged for. She was willing to give it to him. Right here. Right now.

But he had to ask.

"Tell me what you want Jason." She said softly.

He shook his head.

"Tell me." She said again, her hands rubbing over his hard bulge in his jeans.

"Fuck Josie. I can't"

"It's ok Jason." Josie sat back. "I'll stop if you want. You can leave anytime."

"I don't want to leave." He admitted, taking her hands in his and putting them against his zipper.

"What do you want then?"

"You know."

Josie unbuttoned and unzipped him. She slowly pulled the zipper all the way down, exposing his black briefs. His hard cock strained against the fabric. 

"Tell me."

"Take my cock out."

Josie hooked her fingers under the elastic and pulled them down until his cock and balls were free. She licked her lips looking at his thick, hard cock. The head smooth and big. The shaft thick and veiny. His balls were tight and smooth. She cupped them in her hands and lightly massaged.

"Tell me" She said again.

"Fuck Josie....suck my cock baby" Jason growled, grabbing a handful of her hair and moving her head toward his cock.

Josie smiled and opened her mouth to take him hungrily. Her lips stretched wide over the head. Her tongue swirling around the sensitive ridge, licking the little "v" there.

"Holy shit! That feels incredible." Jason hissed, his hand tangling in her silky hair.

Josie took her time sucking and nibbling on his big head. She felt his hands fist in her hair, encouraging her to take him deep. But she wanted to make this last.  She wanted to drive Jason out of his mind before letting him cum in her mouth.

"Enough fucking teasing. Suck my cock!"

She used her tongue to massage the underside of his cock as she finally took him deep. Her nose buried in his dark pubic hair and her chin rested on his balls. She heard him growl. Slowly she raised her head, almost letting his cock slip from her lips. Then she took him deep again. 

"God Josie.....It's been so fucking long."

Josie continued to suck Jason's cock. She licked down his shaft, taking his balls into her mouth and rolling them around. She licked and sucked them, going farther and licking the sensitive skin just behind them. 

Jason continued to moan and thrust his hips up, driving his cock deeper into Josie's mouth. His hands were now fisted at his sides. His head thrown back against the seat. He looked almost in pain. But Josie knew he was enjoying this. 

She rested her hands on his thighs and began to move her mouth faster on him. Her tongue constantly massaging his shaft as she swallowed him. 

"Oh yes....faster baby." Jason hissed. His hips straining up toward her.

Josie sucked him faster. Her cheeks created a tight suction as she bobbed her head up and down on him. She felt him growing longer, thicker in her mouth. She moved one hand and caressed his balls. 

"Christ!" 

Jason's hips started to buck. His hands fisted in her hair, holding her down on his erupting cock. Josie held him deep in her throat, swallowing his hot cum as it shot out of his cock.

"Holy fucking Christ!" Jason breathed when his body stopped shuddering.

Josie looked up and caught him looking at her. She licked her lips and slowly climbed back up onto the seat next to him. She used one hand to stroke his flacid cock.

"Josie," Jason said her name softly.

She looked at him. She could see the desire, and confusion, in his brown eyes.

"Did you enjoy it?" She asked softly.

"You even have to ask?" He replied, raising a hand and stroking his thumb across her bottom lip. 

He slipped his hand behind her neck and pulled her closer for a kiss. Josie felt his tongue rub against hers. She moaned as he deepened the kiss.

"What now?" He whispered against her lips.

"What ever you want." She answered, sitting back.

Jason took a deep breath. 

"I have to go. We both do." He finally said after minutes of silence.

Jason quickly fixed himself and helped Josie on with her jacket. She opened the sliding door and they both climbed out. He walked her around to the driver's side of the van and helped her in. He stood in the open door.

"I don't know what to say." He admitted, sticking his hands in his pockets.

"Don't say anything. I did it because I wanted to. I don't expect anything in return."

"What if I want to give you something in return?" He asked leaning close.

"What are you saying Jason?"

"I meant what I said Josie. I want to have sex with you."

"When?" Her heart beat faster at his words.

"I'll call you." He said, kissing her lightly on the forehead and shutting the door.

Josie watched him walk to his pick-up truck. She hoped he did call. The taste of his cum was still in her mouth. She couldn't wait to have this thick cock buried deep inside her and filling her pussy with his cum.