 And of course I was running late. My 'short cut' cutting the corner of I-25 and I-80 near Cheyenne didn't work out like I was hoping. It took about fifty miles off my trip, but those were fifty interstate miles traded for a single lane state road going through the mountains. Bad call. Normally I wouldn't worry too much about being an hour late if I'm already driving twelve hours, but I was going to see Debbi tonight.

I had never actually seen Debbi before. We met while we were both in college on an old internet bbs chat system called isca. She had noticed that I went to the same school as a guy she was dating, figured we were in the same dorm, and asked me to tell him to get online so they could chat. From there we ended up chatting on occasion, to chatting a lot, to net sex and eventually really hot phone sex. 

This was in the mid-90s, so no webcams or digital cameras, no cell phones. Hell I didn't even have a phone in my room, so I'd be at the bank of pay phones in the common room listening to her moan as she played with herself.

Once we graduated I ended up in a small Air Force base in Idaho and she moved to Denver. I started dating a girl back home long distance, but that Debbi didn't care and we kept at it. We upped the phone sex to at least three times a week if not more. All it took was hearing her voice when the phone rang and I was immediately ready to go.

It wasn't just sex, we did talk a lot about life and random shit. Usual conversations I guess. But there was a lot of phone sex. Despite her enjoyment of phone sex, she had always maintained she had stayed a virgin through college. Lots of oral sex she'd admit to, but no actual fucking. So we had lots of nice conversations about what she wanted to do, but she'd almost always end by telling me how she'd never actually do anything like that. Since I was a few hundred miles away, it wasn't like it was going to be a problem for me.

That is until the Air Force told me I was moving to Florida. Looking at a map it was obvious that I would be going through Denver. Debbi was initially excited and spent several phone calls telling me exactly what she was going to do to me, and what she wanted me to do to her, when I arrived. She had also lost her virginity and so was no longer holding that back. She complained that he had worn a condom and how she wanted to feel me cum inside her. Life was looking good.

Unfortunately as the trip grew closer she became more and more worried that I had a girlfriend. I didn't care; I was 22, horny and stupid and not getting any sex. But Debbi became more and more concerned. By the time my trip arrived she told me that she'd like to meet me and I could crash at her apartment but she didn't want to fool around. 

I figured what the hell. Worst case I'd at least get a free place to crash and get to finally meet this girl I'd been talking to for so long. Best case who knows what might end up happening.

I did eventually make it to her apartment around 8pm. Stupid short cut. I was pretty nervous when I knocked on the door. After all, this is a girl I'd been listening to while she masturbated for the past three years. Not exactly a normal relationship. She opened the door and gave me a hug and invited me inside. 

I stepped inside and took my first long look at her. She had of course told me what she looked like over the years, but hearing and seeing are two different things. She was half Korean so had an oriental look. Short black hair, about 5'3", maybe 130 lbs. Not skinny but not fat by any means. She had nice large tits under her sweater and a cute face. Nice looking girl overall.

We made some initial small talk before she asked if I was hungry. Having had nothing since some gas station snacks several hours back I quickly agreed and we headed out to Bennigans. Since I had been driving all day she offered to use her car, which was nice, but asked me to drive it, which was odd. Either way, it was a nice dinner. We chatted about life in general. I tried to flirt once or twice but she ignored my efforts and kept the conversation to normal things.

After dinner we ended up back at her place and watched some TV. She offered to give me a back massage after my long drive which I happilyaccepted. I sat on the floor in front of her while she rubbed my back. Since I was already sitting between her legs I tried to turn around to ask her a question, but she held me in place. At this point I figured nothing was going to happen and pretty much gave up on it.

Another hour of TV and we decided to crash. She told me that she'd sleep on the couch and I could have the bed. I tried to point out that it'd be pretty rude of me to take her bedroom and kick her out to the couch, but she insisted and I didn't argue any more. I turned on the overhead fan, crawled under the covers and fell asleep.

 I woke up suddenly a few hours later. I looked around, took a second to figure out where I was, and realized I had to take a leak. The only backroom in the apartment was in the main area so I quietly walked to the bathroom. Coming out I couldn't help myself, I stopped by the couch and looked at Debbi sleeping. 

I was only there for a few seconds and just started to walk back to the bedroom when she surprised me by asking "You're awake? Do you want to join me?" 

"Sure" was all I could reply as I quickly walked around the couch and climbed in with her. I was only wearing some shorts, she was in a pair of shorts and a long tshirt as I curled up behind her. I wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her close against me as we both became quiet. I wasn't sure what she wanted and didn't want her to tell me go away, so I held her without moving for fifteen minutes before I started lightly stoking her stomach.

I slowly moved my hand up until I was brushing over her tits. She didn't protest so I began to rub them slightly harder, still curled up behind her. After a few seconds of this she began to grind her ass against my cock which was growing harder by the second. At this point I figured that things were going great. The next second I stopped as she reached up and pulled my arm away from her tits. I froze, figuring she was about to tell me to go back to bed or kick me out of her apartment completely, but she simply pulled my hand down, pushed it under her shirt, and brought it back up to her tits. 

She was wearing a bra but I immediately began to cup and rub her tits. Sliding my fingers under her bra I rubbed over her nipples as she turned her head and kissed me. We kept this up for several minutes before she pulled back slightly and asked "Dave do you want to play with my pussy?" 

I simply nodded as slid my hand off her tits and down her stomach. She was already pulling her shorts and panties out as I slid under her waistband and touched her pussy for the first time. She was amazingly wet as I ran my fingers up and down her slit. She was moaning softly as I began to finger her, pulling out to rub over her clit before pushing my fingers inside her again. We didn't even take the time to pull her shorts off, they were loose enough that I could easily reach her and we didn't want to stop. It only took a minute before she came, moaning as she locked her legs around my hand, her entire body quivering against mine.

 I don't remember our exact conversation after that. There was a bit more stoking and kissing before she asked if I wanted to stay with her or if she should come to the bedroom. Next thing I knew we were both on her bed, naked, as she lay on her back in front of me. Her pussy was shaved smooth, just like she had always told me. Her tits were amazing, huge but perfectly shaped and firm, standing up proudly with no sag at all. 

She pulled her knees up, spreading her legs as I climbed up between them. My cock quickly pressed against her pussy as I looked down at her. Still holding her knees back she told me "Now give me one good push." I didn't need any further encouragement after that as I pushed into her. She was so wet I easily slid inside her as she moaned into my ear. 

 As she moaned into my ear. That completely fails to describe this moan. God it's been 13 years and I still fantasize about that moment. I could feel her breath against my ear as she moaned, loudly, just completely reacting to the feel of my cock sliding inside her. No holding back as I held myself inside her, just feeling her and hearing her.

 I wasn't cumming yet but it was close. I'd be fantasizing about this woman for years; actually being inside her was almost too much. She moaned again with desire in her voice "I can feel you pulsing inside me." I asked her what she wanted me to do, not sure what she wanted. She immediately told me to cum, that she wanted to feel me cum inside her pussy. This was all the permission I needed as I began to fuck her, hearing her respond with each stroke as I thrust inside her pussy. It only took moments before I pushed hard against her, holding my cock deep inside as I came. Both of us moaning as this point as I felt her nails digging into my back, holding me tight against her.

We slowly came apart, kissing as we lay down together. She curled up against me, my arm around your chest cupping one of her breasts as we fell asleep.

I woke up the next morning in the same position. Sometime during the night Debbi must have gotten up because she was wearing a pair of panties now for some reason, but she was curled up against me nicely. My hand was on her chest and I began to slowly rub my fingers over her as I felt her waking up. She turned toward me and kissed me, her warm body pressed against mine. 

As we kissed she continued to press against me, both of our hands now running freely over each other's bodies. After a few minutes she rolled on top of me, straddling my stomach as I lay back and looked up at her. She took one of her amazing breasts in her hands and leaned forward, offering it to me. I eagerly took it in my mouth, running my tongue over her nipple and sucking on it. She let me have it for a minute before she leaned back, grabbed her other breast, and gave me that one. She kept this up for several minutes, swapping back and forth, letting me suck and lick over her breasts as she fed them to me. It was sexy as hell.

Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I asked her to take off her panties. She gave me an eager grin as she lifted off of me enough to pull them off. She sat back down on my chest, but immediately shifted herself backward until she was over my cock. She didn't fuck me right away, instead she began to rub her pussy over it. 

My hands were running over her hips and thighs, reaching up to rub her tit as she ground her pussy against me. She gave me an eager smile as she lifted higher up, reaching down and grabbing my dick. Holding it against her pussy she slowly pushed down, slowly filling her pussy with my cock. She began riding me quickly, leaning back as she bounced up and down. 

I rested my hands on her hips as she fucked me, just watching her move on top of me. Her tits were bouncing slightly; just watching her face as she concentrated. She was biting her lip, one hand on my thigh for balance. She reached up with her other hand and began to play with one of her tits. I told her how hot she looked, how good she felt, how good it was to finally be fucking her. She moaned in response and moved faster. After hearing her for so many years on the phone I could tell from her moans that she was getting close.

I reached up with one hand and began to play with her other breast, lightly pinching the nipple as she began to grind her pussy against me with each thrust. She started to beg me to cum with her, telling me how badly she wanted to feel me cum inside her again. By this point I was thrusting up against her each time she came down, all I could do is tell her how hot and wet her pussy felt. It worked for her though as she began to cum, pressing down hard against me and practically chanting "Cum with me Dave, cum with me. Cum with me Dave, please cum with me." 

 Feeling her pussy squeeze me as she collapsed on top of me was enough to set me off as I shot my load inside her, causing her to moan even louder. I could feel her body trembling on top of me as she lay on me, her tits soft against my chest and her pussy still pulling on my cock. We stayed like that for several minutes, not moving, just enjoying the feel of our bodies against each other. 

Eventually she rolled off of me with another light moan as my cock pulled out of her. She reached down and gave it a few strokes before she mumbled something and began to doze again. I laughed lightly to myself as I got up and hopped in the shower. I still had a long day of driving ahead of me, but it had been a great night. Unexpected, but definitely a great time. By the time I got out of the shower she was awake again, laying on the edge of the bed with her legs spread. I ate her pussy until she came, fucked her again, and then unfortunately had to go on my way. 

We kept in touch for another few years after that. Kept up the phone sex, which was great, but unfortunately we never were able to meet again. It's been a long time now, been married for ten years, but I'll never forget hearing her moan as I first began to fuck her that night.