 She came into the bar and instantly caught my eye. Her long flowing red hair and tall Amazonian figure intimidated many of the guys there, but it drew my attention. She looked around the bar like she owned the place, saw me, and made her way to the seat beside me.

"Hi there! Are you with someone she said?," in a sexy, Southern drawl.

"Nope, not at all. And if I were, I'd tell them to get lost. My name's Thomas."

"Harleigh. And yeah, I'm named after the motorcycle."

"So is your last name Davidson or something?"

Harleigh laughed, throwing her head back, "No, it's actually Starr. I'm here for the Memorial Day weekend, but my damn now-EX-boyfriend dumped me for some blond skinny chick. Oh well, his loss."

I snorted, "Yeah, some guys don't know what a hot woman is if they were standing in front of them. However, I'm not that dense!"

Harleigh perked up, "So, do you think I'm hot?"

"Well, let's just say that I'm glad there's AC in this bar today, because if there weren't any, the bar's windows would be steamed up!"

She smiled at me and said, "Well, I can think of some places I'd like to steam up with you!"

I lifted an eyebrow. "Really? And what places would you suggest?"

They entered her hotel room, and barely managed to get past the door before Thomas pressed Harleigh against the wall and kissed her hard. She let out a soft sigh as he headed down to her neck, and her leg went up his body as the heat began to build between them. He unbuttoned her shirt and kissed down her torso, spending some time fondling her breasts that were overflowing her white, lacy bra. He headed even further south past her skirt, where he slid his hands underneath and yanked down her panties. He ducked his head under her skirt and began to lick her clit like a man possessed.

Harleigh arched her back and put her left leg over his back as he started to suckle and nibble on her clit. His tongue danced all over her clit and drifted down to her pussy, where he darted it inside and out before grasping firmly on her backside and pressing his tongue all the way in. She let out a loud moan as he planted a deep French kiss on her lower lips!

She could barely contain herself anymore, so she lifted him off the ground, dragged him over to the bed, and flung him down upon it. She jumped on top of him and pressed her body against his, giving him a hungry kiss. He grasped the back of her head and ran his hand down her body. She shucked off her shirt and he undid her bra, unleashing her ample breasts from their lingerie housing. He attacked them with his lips and tongue, suckling on them and nibbling on the nipples. She enjoyed that for a time, but then pushed his torso back onto the bed and fervently tugged at his shirt, practically ripping it off him as she pulled it up over his head.

She let her hands explore his chest as she kissed him again, then she made her way down aroun his neck, playing with each earlobe with her tongue and lips before starting down his body. He arched back as she nibbled his nipples and her hands went straight for his belt. She quickly undid it, then made short work of getting off his shoes, before finally sliding off his pants with one strong tug that almost yanked him off the bed. She then proceeded back to his undies, which she slowly slid off him. She took a moment to stare at his hardening cock, standing up to remove her own shoes as well as her skirt, before she slid her curvy body between his legs and began to hungrily devour his cock.

She held nothing back as she deep throated his member, busily blowing him rapidly, only pausing to head down and lick and suck on his balls. His cock was rock hard, and she could feel her pussy just dripping with wetness. She blew him until she couldn't stand not having that cock inside her, so she jumped up and straddled him, sliding his hard-on inside her pussy.

He pounded her hard as he grasped her shoulders and slammed her down onto his ascending cock. They paused to kiss passionately as he slowed the pace a bit. He let her take over the pace for a while, letting his hands explore her breasts as well as the her curvy hips. She squealed with delight as he smacked her ass hard, and he proceeded to fondle her bum, surpising her with the occassional spank as she grinded down onto his cock.

When she was close to going over the edge, he lifted up and rolled her over onto her back. He grasped the edge of the mattress to give him even more leverage as he stroked slow and deep, letting her get the maximum feeling of each of his thrusts. He leaned down and kissed her as he could feel her ready to come. He put his hips into overdrive as he thrust his cock inside her as rapidly and as deeply as he could. Her fingernails scratched grooves into his back as the orgasm came over her. He was barely holding onto to his own orgasm, so she quickly pushed him down onto the bed, slid his legs down to the edge, and planted his cock between her breasts. She frantically wrapped them between her mammaries, pushing them up and down. He cried that he was close to the edge, and she then took his cock deep into her mouth, sucking on it hard. It was a battle between them, as he tried to hold it inside as long as he could before he shot off, and she greedily sucking on his member and wanting to feel that hot stream of cum shoot down her throat.

He knew it was a losing battle, but he tried to hold out as long as he could. He called to her, "Let's 69!", and she got up and swung her body around to let him get to her naughty bits. As she worked to get him to come, he busily applied fingers and tongue to her clit, pussy, and the outside of her anus to make her come again. The closer she came to coming again, the more frantically she worked to get him to shoot off his load. They were bouncing on the bed as each went at the other with passionate intensity.

Finally, he could no longer hold it in, and he shot off his load down her throat. She sighed as she felt the warm stream in her mouth, and she gulped his seed down. He rested for a moment while she licked up the rest of his cum, then suddenly attacked her pussy with his fingers and her clit with her tongue. Harleigh slid over onto her side as he shoved his middle and index finger in and out, letting his ring finger brush up against her anus and his thumb to run all over her clit. She grasped his hips and sucked off his almost flacid cock as she came close to coming again. It wasn't long until she let the cock slip out of her mouth and let out a loud, long moan as the orgasm flooded over her body.

They lay there looking at each other for a few moments, too exhausted to do much of anything else. Finally, she mustered enough energy to get up and lay back down beside him, and he kissed her on the lips, tasting his seed on her lips. They cuddled against each other and lay there silent for a long time. She then asked, "So, do you have any other plans for the weekend?"

He looked at her, kissed her again, and said, "Nothing I can't cancel. I think I've found someone to spend the holiday weekend with!" They kissed and made out for a while until their bodies surrendered to slumber.