 We walk along the promenade slowly in the bracing wind, the palm trees swaying and the waves rolling in on the beach. As we walk, our arms around each other's waist we steal glances at each other just chatting away.

We stop occasionally turning to face each other and just kissing softly. We find a little café just set back from the beach and stop for a bite to eat and a drink. We sit close together hands brushing across each other on the table top. Your foot sliding up and down my calf slowly just gently teasing. Loosing ourselves in each other's eyes, luxuriating in each other's company.

The waiter arrives quite quickly with the sandwiches and drinks we ordered and we eat slowly, feeding each other with our fingers so we can taste both the food and each other. We sit for a while sipping our drinks in the dappled sunshine, moving to face the sea so we can watch the boats moving round. Our hands slipping along each other's thighs, gliding to our inner thighs, my fingers just brushing up to the hem of your dress, yours high on my inner thigh through my jeans, trailing slowly back and forward just short of where we are imaging them being.

After we finish our drinks we start to walk back to the car, moving through the other walker's arms around each other's waists again. Your hand slips into my front jeans pocket and slips a little lower, fingers teasing just above me. My hand slipping down, fingers resting over your ass as we walk. Half way back there is a concrete parapet with steps down as the promenade changes height. I guide you over to that and place your back to it, cupping your face in my hands as I kiss you deeply slowly not caring who is watching. We kiss for what seems like forever, tongues dancing slowly over and over, your hands hooking into the back pockets of my jeans, squeezing my ass tight pulling my hips tight against yours, my hands caressing your back through your jacket and dress.

You move back slightly, sitting on the parapet, one leg hooking around my calf to pull me to you. You ease your jacket off, dropping it into your lap to cover your hand. Your covered hand sliding across the front of my jeans until it finds the hard bulge in them, fingers teasing over me firmly, stroking through the material as we kiss harder, more passionately. The kiss muffling my moans but still we get glances from people guessing what we are up to.

You keep teasing me until you feel me tightening up, kissing all the while. When I feel my control slipping, not to long with those amazing fingers dancing on me, I break the kiss gasping slightly for breath. Grinning wickedly you pick up your jacket, sliding it on as I take mine off, tying it around my waist to try and hide the prominent bulge you have caused.

'That's not going to work' you whisper in my ear as you stand. 

'Your right' I whisper back, 'but I have a plan...'

I take your hand leading you from the promenade down the steps onto the beach. Drawing you along the beach I find a little alcove in the sea wall, hidden from view above and side to side but with a clear view out to sea. I push you into the alcove, wrapping my arms tight around your waist kissing you hard.

Your fingers digging into my ass hard, hips grinding against each other, one of your legs slipping around my thigh, pressing so tight together. The sound of the sea mingling with our muffled moans. I slide my fingers up along your thigh, sliding under your dress to find no panties. My finger tip brushing your pussy lips firmly, feeling you shudder slightly. Brushing over you firmly, slowly as your hand undoes my fly, sliding in to draw my cock out, fingers stroking.

I ease you back against the wall, breaking the kiss. Our eyes locked as I take my cock in my hand watching as you hitch up your skirt, showing that glistening wet pussy to me. I step forward, guiding one of your legs around my waist, my cock sliding between your pussy lips so easily. Moving hard and fast together, kissing over and over as we fuck desperately just needing that next release with one another so badly. Our gasps and cries muffled by each other's lips, breathing so hard, shuddering together. Quickly I lose all control and explode so deep inside you filling you with my hot cum over and over, feeling you squeezing so tight around me trying to take in every last drop. Shivering I know you are nearly there but not quite. I slide down your body, head moving up under your dress, your hands pulling my head to you as my lips wrap tight around your clit sucking over it so hard. Two fingers moving into your wet tight pussy, moving with my cum and your juices together making you so wet. Driving my fingers so hard and fast into you, sucking harder and harder on your clit. My free hand moving up to your lips, feeling you sucking and licking on them as we try to keep the noise down. Hearing the people walking past less than 20ft away just above our heads on the promenade.

Licking and sucking until you cum all over my fingers, covering them in your sweet juices mixed with my cum. I gently ease them from you, brushing my wet fingers against your lips letting you taste us mixed together like that, watching as you suck and lick it all from them. Kissing you softly, tasting it from your lips. Holding you close as you get your breath back. We walk along the promenade and I drop you off at the car, saying I've got to pick something up for tonight. 

I kiss you softly and head off to find a shop that sells massage oil. I am planning to give you a long slow massage later on tonight. I head up the street away from the beach leaving you at the car. Wandering for a few minutes I find a little shop tucked away on a corner selling DVD's, magazines etc. Basically a small sex shop. I wander in and look around slowly finding some lavender and rose scented massage oil, a massage glove. I also pick up a pot of chocolate body paint, a small clit vibe and a couple of DVD's just in case.

As I am about to leave my mobile vibrates in my pocket. Taking it out I find a picture message from you. Opening it I find a picture of you sat in the car, dress drawn down to show those amazing breasts, nipples hard one trapped between your fingers. Grinning I close the message and head to the counter to pay, as I do I receive another message, this time a picture of your pussy, two fingers inside you. Paying for the items I can't stop smiling and don't care about the bulge that makes it oh so obvious to everyone something is going on.

On the way back I get a call from you asking if I liked what I saw and if the phone was working. I laugh saying that it certainly was, though I could hardly reply in kind in the middle of a shop.

We kiss softly when I return to the car, then drive back slowly thoughts on what will happen later tonight.

Getting back its 4pm and we are both tired so you slip off for a quick nap. Despite your looks inviting me for much more than a nap, the way your hands linger against me as we kiss before you suggest it telling me what you did have planned before sleeping I say I'm going to go and grab some food for dinner so we can stay in that night. Pouting you snake a hand down, teasing me through my jeans, ok though it's your loss you grin. Stepping back you drop the dress to the floor, revealing that perfect body totally naked before me before turning and heading into the bedroom.

I head out for a walk, heading to the little supermarket and pick up bits and pieces for an easy to make dinner. A cooked chicken, salad, wine, few bottle of beer, some bananas apples and oranges and a large tub of ice cream. Coming back I let myself in. Moving to the main bedroom I open the door slowly and watch you asleep naked on the bed on top of the covers, lost in your beauty.

I close the door and go into the kitchen putting the shopping away. Going into the spare bedroom, drawing the covers from the bed. Covering the bed in towels I then cover those in a soft sheet. Moving around, I set up candles all around the room. Slipping back out to the car I grab the bag from the sex shop bringing that back up so I can place the oil and glove by the bed. Hiding the little vibe under the bed along with the chocolate body paint. I put one of the DVD's in the machine on the table at the foot of the bed.

I then slip back into the kitchen and quietly get things ready for dinner preparing the salad and chicken plus cooking some potatoes that we bought the night before. I then dig out the PC and video camera sitting back in the lounge as I check they are both ok from the trip. Putting them on the table I curl up on the sofa and grab a few minutes shut eye.

Waking after an hour or so I find you sitting on the table by the sofa watching me dressed in just a light robe. Smiling you lean forward kissing me gently, fingers brushing over my chest through my shirt. Gently you tease open the buttons on my shirt.......standing you slip the gown off laying on top of me pressing those breasts naked against my naked chest. I reach down undoing my jeans, sliding them out of the way and pushing my boxers down to reveal my hard cock.

'Mmmmmm I was dreaming of you honey' I gasp as your fingers wrap around my cock, guiding it into you slowly as you sit up. 

'Me to honey' you gasp, head tipping back as you ease the tip of my cock into you. Sliding down slowly you moan, hearing my gasp at how perfect you feel. Leaning forward you cup those breasts to my lips and I flick my tongue across your hard nipples firmly, slowly. Staying still on top of me, cock so deep inside you as I feast on your breasts. Sucking, licking and kissing all over those firm perfect globes, loving the pure taste of your skin.

Your moans growing, unable to stop your hips moving now as you roll them around my cock, moving from side to side. Gradually you move harder, faster starting to move up and down with your hips, sitting up. Thos breasts bouncing with every move you make, your hair wild around your head making you look like an angel of pure pleasure and lust.

Moving harder, faster riding me, gasping for breathe crying out my name over and over you cum so quickly. 'Mmmmmm wasn't just dreaming' you moan 'I found that dildo you bought for me and just had to use it' giggling you collapse on top of me, kissing my hard.

Slipping from me you ease down to lay between my open legs. You take my pulsing cock in your hand, watching as you stroke it firmly feeling my pulse quicken in it. Hearing my moans turning to gasps. You lean forward teasing the swollen tip with your tongue, swirling around it like an ice lolly, eyes locked on mine. Moving from the tip you slowly lick from the base to the tip on the underside of my cock. Once, twice. The third time you move lower, your tongue working along that little ridge between my legs making me cry out. Your tongue travels up that ridge to my balls. Sucking on each one firmly before moving your tongue up along the underside of my shaft. Seeing me so tense so close. Wrapping your lips tight around my cock, sliding down as far as you can easily, your hand wrapped tight around the shaft before your lips. Sliding back you suck so hard on my cock. Stopping with the tip in your lips before repeating this two, three times. Feeling my trembles gasps moaning your name, hands moving through your hair, watching your every move. You suck hard and fast over the sensitive tip jerking so hard along the rest of my slick shaft, the taste of your pussy all over my cock.

Harder and faster you jerk and suck on me, eyes locked on mine until I cum bucking up hard into your mouth as my cock explodes into your hot hungry mouth over and over. Watching as you take it, a little escaping your lips but as you release my cock from your lips you brush your fingers through that lifting it to your lips. Slowly you keep teasing my cock with your tongue lapping up every last drop of my cum.

Moving up you pick up a glass of wine you have sat on the table, drinking before kissing me firmly.

'See you got us dinner in, I'm starved and I think we will need our strength' you grin.

'Definitely' I reply, 'though first I want to give you a long massage honey. Come through into the other bedroom in 15 minutes or so.'

I unendingly myself from you, pulling off all my clothes apart from my boxers which I just pull back up. I head into the kitchen, grabbing the open bottle of wine from the fridge plus the fruit bowl. I then head into the spare bedroom. I move around lighting the candles slowly, sun still blazing outside but I pull the dark curtains closed to leave just the candle light to illuminate the room. I start some soft classical music in the background just to keep us nice and relaxed. Opening the oil I let its soft delicate perfume fill the room.

Sitting on the edge of the bed I move the oil bottle between my fingers gently warming it up. You walk in slowly, robe on around your shoulders but left open. Just covering those breasts but nothing else. 'God you like divine baby' I murmur.

I stand, leading you to the bed. Sliding the robe from your shoulders before laying you down gently on your stomach.