 My eyes started to open as the fog began to lift. I looked around, confused by my surroundings and I fought through the grogginess. It started to make sense now, I had fallen asleep. Slowly, the events of the afternoon started to play back in my mind. Our wonderful reunion sex, revealing my embarrassing childhood spankings, our fight, OH MY GOD... the spanking James gave me, and even worse than that, we had anal sex.

How mortifying, I thought. My first instinct was to try to find my clothes so I could sneak out. No, I can't do that, I have to talk to James and we have to work this out. There has to be some resolution to this line that we crossed so everything can go back to normal.

I lifted my head up off the huge pillow and I saw James staring at me. He was sitting down at a small round Victorian style table that was in the corner of the master bedroom and was slowly sipping some type of alcoholic beverage. He must have been watching me sleep because I could tell he was wide awake and he must not have fallen asleep like I did. He was wearing one of the bathrobes that I saw hanging in 'his' bathroom attached to the master bedroom. I looked at the bedside clock, it was almost five in the afternoon and I was surprised that I had slept that long.

Gianna and I stayed up pretty late the night before having sex because we knew we wouldn't see each other for a couple of days, but my long nap had a lot less to do with the night before and a lot more to do with the traumatic afternoon I had with James.

I felt fine before I went to sleep, so what had changed that made me feel so self-conscious now?

He finally spoke and his voice startled me.

"Why don't you come over here and sit down so we can talk," he said, in a low tone.

The tension was thick. I hated that I felt tense around him. It shouldn't be like this, it can't be like this, I thought. Why did I feel so unsure of myself?

I began to speak hesitantly.

"May I use the bathroom first?" I said as if I was verbally walking on eggshells.

"Of course," he said, giving me a puzzled look.

For whatever reason, my first instinct was to use the sheet to cover up. A huge portion of the time I had spent with James I wasn't wearing clothes and he had seen me naked more times than I could count. Why did I feel the need to cover up?

I started to slide across the bed, but then instantly lifted my ass up off the sheets. The painful result of our earlier battle of wills wasn't lost on my very well spanked ass.

As I got to my feet and took my first step, I felt some pain and it reminded me of the morning that I had worked out while James had slept, only this felt a whole lot worse. The rough anal sex that we had earlier was coming back to haunt me I thought.

I walked naked across the bedroom with my eyes on the floor. I could feel James' eyes on me as I entered the 'hers' bathroom. Once I was done using the toilet, I turned around, away from the mirror, and looked over my shoulder. Thankfully some of the redness was going away, but I could still see some of James' hand prints on my ass. I shook my head in disbelief. What did I let him do to me?

I felt like a disgusting mess. He had come in me twice and I wanted to take a shower so bad.

Should I make him wait by showering? What if he got upset? I felt tears start to form in my eyes and I quickly wiped them away. I felt like an emotional wreck, but there was no way I was going to let him see me cry.

I put on one of the bath robes and hesitantly stepped out into the master bedroom. James' eyes met mine as I sheepishly walked towards him.

"Are you okay?" I could hear the concern in his voice.

"I'm okay," I said quietly, as I looked down, unable to look him in the eyes.

"I can feel your apprehension Melanie and we need to talk about what happened," he said.

"Okay," I said, still looking down.

"Can you tell me how this started?" he said.

Thank you, James, I thought sarcastically. The last thing I want to do is play back the events of the afternoon in mind, and then make myself even more uncomfortable by talking to you about them.

I paused for a moment.

"I called you a name and then you spanked me," I said softly, looking into his eyes.

"No Melanie. You told me about your childhood and the discipline that you received from your father, and I made the comment that you were submissive."

"No James, that's not true, I..."

I thought about it for a few seconds. Oh my, God, he's right!

James continued to speak slowly as if emphasizing every word.

"There is nothing wrong with being submissive Melanie. Being submissive is what attracted me to you the night we met. I've always had to be in control of everything that goes on around me, it's just who I am and I have to have people around me who can accept that. We will take things slow, but you have to be willing to bend to my will."

I looked down, feeling so embarrassed. I didn't even want to admit what I was going to say next to myself, much less to him.

"The things I like James, like being spanked, it's not normal and I don't know how to process what you did to me or deal with my feelings that arose when I woke up a few minutes ago," I said honestly.

"First, we are two consenting adults Melanie. 'Normal' is whatever you and I choose to do together in this room."

I contemplated his statement as he continued to speak.

"Second, tell me what you were feeling when you woke up," he said, sipping his drink.

"I felt uneasy James and unsure of myself. Your hand prints are still in my ass and I'm.... I've never been this sore after sex."

"You'll be fine. It's something you'll get used to, just like regular sex."

I looked down, embarrassed by his statement.

"I feel like you are opening up a whole new world for me James and that's exhilarating, but it's also scary."

He looked into my eyes.

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes I do, I said honestly.

I trusted James from almost the instant that I met him.

"Then we will be fine"

"I can introduce you to many new things Melanie. Some of which you will have a say in, and we can discuss and find common ground." He paused momentarily before he continued, "Other things will not be negotiable."

My eyes opened wide with that statement. I trusted him, but, maybe there was some lingering doubt in my mind.

"Can I ask you something?" I said softly.

"Of course, you can."

"Can you give me an example of something that's not negotiable?"

He thought for a moment.

"Yes, I have a twenty-page list that I will print out for you," he said, smiling.

My mouth curved upwards in a small smile, he could be such a smart ass.

He thought for a moment.

"When we are together Melanie, I don't want you wearing any type of pants or shorts." He paused momentarily then continued, "Aside from your workout attire, you'll wear only dresses and skirts."

I was okay with this because most of the time, that's the type of clothes I wore anyway and the majority of the clothes he bought me were dresses and skirts and I just assumed that's what he liked.

"Also, when we are out, I don't want you wearing any type of pantie or thong."

This one shocked me a bit. I always wore at least a thong under my clothes and when I am on my period, I wear panties. I was apprehensive but decided not to fight him on this. Not wearing underwear was something I thought I could get used to and I had a feeling I needed to save my objections for bigger issues that I knew would be on the horizon.

"Are you okay so far?" He said sternly.

"Yes, I can live with that James," I said hesitantly.

"For now, the only other example of a non-negotiable item is the removal of your pubic hair."

My jaw dropped open in shock. Since high school, I had trimmed and I normally had a small 'landing strip' of hair above my vagina. I knew shaving smooth was getting popular as many of the girls I hooked up with, including Gianna, shaved their pubic hair. I also remembered that my high-school girlfriend and I shaved everything a couple of times just for something different. I wasn't by any means advocating a return to the 1970's style bushes, that I saw in my dad's stack of Playboy's that he kept hidden in the back of his closet, but keep it shaved off all the time?

"You want me to keep it all shaved off?" I said in a horrified tone.

"No," he said. "Starting next week you'll be going to a dermatologist's office and they use a laser. You'll get between five and seven treatments until nothing grows back."

I was shocked and barely able to speak.

"What if I want hair there sometime in the future?" I said in an appalled tone.

"It's permanent Melanie. I've been told the laser destroys the hair follicles. They are also going to treat the areas around your lips and anus."

My mouth dropped open in shock.

"I'll also pay for them to remove the hair on your legs and underarms if you wish. But the removal of the hair around your pussy and ass is not negotiable."

I thought about his demand for several minutes and I was very apprehensive, but in the end, I relented. For whatever reason, he needed this from me to be happy and he had been so generous with me financially, I felt that I didn't have the right to fight him on this.

"Are you okay with that Melanie?"

"Yes," I said softly.

He looked at me approvingly as I stood up from the table.

"Would you like a bottle of water?" I asked.

"Yes, please," he said.

I walked to the mini bar and grabbed two bottles of water. When I was returning to the table he was dropping ice cubes into his glass and refilling it with some type of whiskey. I handed him the bottle of water and sat down across from him and took a sip of my water and thought for several minutes.

He took a sip of his whiskey and looked into my eyes and spoke.

"What are you thinking about?"

"You said some very cruel things to me earlier," I said hesitantly, not wanting to make him mad again.

He thought for a moment.

"Some of the things I said earlier were very harsh, but that doesn't make them any less true."

He paused.

"What you did concerning your clothes purchases and partying might not have been smart choices, but worse things have been done by college kids," he said smiling.

I looked up at him and smiled.

"In many ways, you are very mature and I forget that you are only nineteen," he said, "but in other ways, you're still a little girl, and you don't think about how the decisions you make now will affect your future."

I looked down as I thought about what he had said, and the more I thought about it, the more I knew he was right. If I had just sat down and discussed this with him, I would have seen that he was right. Instead, I let my temper get the better of me when he criticized by past behavior. I knew that if I had just remained calm and talked to him like I was now, I would have seen the point he was trying to make.

He began to speak again which broke me from my thoughts.

"Also, one thing I told you wasn't true and I want to clear the record."

I looked into his eyes anxiously waiting for him to continue.

"I've never seen you use your looks or your body to get what you want. However, once you enter the business world you might want to re-think that philosophy," he said smiling.

I laughed and thought for a moment and figured that was as close to an apology as I was going to get from him. When I looked into his eyes, for whatever reason, I instantly thought of my father.

"When I was a little girl my father told me over and over that beauty is skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone," I said softly.

James laughed.

"I think your father is a wise man."

As we talked, I was feeling so much better that things were returning to normal.

I continued, "When I'm at a club and a beautiful woman enters the room, she doesn't have to announce to the world that she's beautiful, everyone around her already knows that. She's judged on how she treats people, so I've always tried to be kind to everyone until they give me a reason not to."

"I know you do Melanie, and that's another thing that attracts me to you. You don't act like most of the beautiful women that I come in contact with, and that's very refreshing."

We both sat silently for a few minutes and enjoyed a comfortable silence together as we finished our drinks.

Once he had finished his whiskey he looked into my eyes and spoke.

"Are you okay now with everything that happened this afternoon?"

"I took a deep breath, "Yes I am James," I said softly.

"Good, let's get a shower and get something to eat. I have something fun planned for us tonight."

He took my hand and we walked into the 'his' bathroom and took off our robes. We both stepped into the shower and I watched as he stood under the hot water.

I took a few seconds to admire his wet body. He must spend so much time in the gym I thought. James was tall and had long muscled limbs and a flat, nearly washboard stomach. He had a full head of salt and pepper hair that was cut short and a very light matting of hair on his chest and just a little hair on his legs. I liked that he trimmed his pubic area because I hated getting hairs in my mouth. Of course, what I loved most about his physical features, was his cock. He had a large, circumcised head and the shaft was long and thick and felt amazing inside me.

I felt James take my hand and pull me towards him which interrupted my admiration of his body. He pulled me under the water with him and we kissed softly, the warm water rushing over our bodies.

He broke our kiss and took the luffa, poured body wash on it and began to run it over my body, being extra gentle with my sore bottom, that thankfully had almost fully recovered from my earlier spanking. He carefully washed my breasts and vagina as I watched him drinking in my body while he bathed me.

He stepped back and allowed me to rinse the soap. I curiously watched him grab the body wash and pour some into his hand. I watched as he rubbed the soap onto my strip of pubic hair above my vagina, and I began to realize what he intended to do. He reached for his razor as I apprehensively opened my legs wide. I watched as he carefully ran the razor over my small strip of hair until he had removed it completely. Thankfully, I had shaved the small hairs that grew around the lips of my vagina the night before, so he didn't feel it necessary to shave me further.

He leaned in and kissed me and said, "Thank you for letting me do that Melanie."

I wasn't sure of the reason, but obviously, it was important to him that I didn't have pubic hair, and more than anything, I wanted to please him and make him happy.

"You're welcome, James," I said softly.

I took the luffa and poured body wash on it and began bathing him. As he turned to wash the soap from his body I noticed that my gentle scrubbing had caused his cock to grow semi-erect. I saw that he was watching me watch his growing erection. He smiled at me and I instantly knew what he wanted.

I squatted in front of him and put a hand on his muscled thigh to steady myself because I didn't want to fall due to the slick shower floor. I used my other hand to grasp him and gently pull back and forth and only after a couple of strokes, he was fully hard and a large drop of pre-cum had already begun to form on the head.

I extended my tongue and ran it up through the slit, tasting a dollop of the clear fluid that had dripped out of the head of his cock. It reminded me of how much I missed having him in my mouth. I felt him scoot back against the wall to steady himself, as the warm water of the shower poured over us. He gasped as I took him into my mouth and slowly began to work him in and out.

I felt his hands start to gently run through my wet hair as I worked him in deeper, feeling the head of his cock touch the back of my throat, and slide a little way down. I relaxed my throat and worked him the rest of the way in, until I had him all the way to the root and my lips were touching his body. I looked up at him and he was looking down at me in amazement. Every now and then, it was fun to show off a little bit.

I worked him back out of my mouth. His cock was wet and shiny with my saliva until the hot water from the shower washed his cock clean. I took him in my hand and gently moved his cock forward until the head touched his stomach. He groaned as I licked up and down the large veins with the tip of my tongue. His large testicles swung back and forth gently with the movement of my mouth and I had to give them some attention as well.

I took one of his large balls in my mouth and gently rolled it around on my tongue as I listened to his low moans of pleasure. I slowly let it roll out of my mouth and replaced it with the other. James was moaning loudly now and I could see the pre-cum drip freely out of the head of his cock. I looked up and saw him smiling, but his eyes were closed as if he was off in another world.

I let the other ball drop out of my mouth and slowly licked over the head, hearing a low moan escape his lips. I began to work his cock in and out of my mouth quicker and I could feel him start to tense up. I locked my lips around the head of his cock and stopped moving, letting him control the pace. His hips started to buck in short hard thrusts and next I felt splashes of his hot cum hit the back of my throat. My mouth began to fill up and I had to swallow several times to get it all down. When I could tell he was starting to recover, I let his cock pop out of my mouth and gently licked around the head to clean the remaining semen that I had missed.

After I had washed his cock again we exited the shower and leisurely dried each other off.

"I need to look through my garment bag and figure out what I want to wear," I said, remembering that it was still by the front door.

"Why don't you look in your walk-in closet, I'm sure you will be able to find something in there," he said jovially.

I gave him a perplexed look until I realized that he must have bought me more clothes, and then a grin spread across my face.

He smiled at me and then continued combing his hair.

I walked into the master bedroom and opened the door to the attached walk-in closet and my mouth dropped open in surprise. Of course, I expected to find clothes, but garments similar to ones he had purchased before, but what I saw hanging up in front of me was definitely much more risqué.

I began thumbing through the clothes on the rack and realized he had purchased extreme club type clothing and my hands started shaking. The first dress was a glittery plum colored, plunge dress and the neckline was so low I knew it would expose my navel and much of my breasts when I wore it. The next dress was a strapless, wet look, black vinyl, mini dress. It looked so small, how would this fit me I thought? I answered my own question when I pulled on it and it stretched. Oh my, God, I thought, this will hug my body like a second skin. The next dress was a black, matte, halter dress with a plunging neckline that would come down several inches below my breasts. The next was a red, spaghetti strap, halter dress that also had a plunging neckline and the back was exposed except for a small amount of material that looked like it would barely cover my ass.

Flipping through each dress I could see that they all had one thing in common, each was very low cut and very short. There were some differences, some of them had see through mesh and see through lace around the stomach and back areas, but all of them showed so much skin. How could I wear these anywhere I thought? I had some very revealing club clothes, but nothing like this. When I shopped for club attire, I always passed on dresses like these. The only type of girl that would wear these dresses was...

I jumped as James gently touched my shoulder.
