 I have to go to a three-day sales meeting and training in the Poconos. I was not looking forward to this, but it is a requirement for my job. Besides myself, two other men are going to this meeting. We all decided to drive together since the hotel is a three-hour drive from our town.

I packed a bag, grabbed my computer, and some snacks for the road trip then went to pick up my co-workers. Once I picked up the others, we hit the road and drove to the hotel. We passed the trip with small talk. Then the other two started talking about sex.

Jerry said first "So do either of you think we might get lucky while we are there?" I looked at Jerry in the rearview mirror and shrugged my shoulders. 

Dan laughed as he replied to Jerry's question. "God, I hope so!" We all laughed at his comment.

Dan is sitting next to me, and while I was driving, I remand quiet but I could feel him looking at me. I turned my head towards him and raised an eyebrow at him questioning his look. Finally, he started talking "Harry have you ever cheated on your wife?"

I just flatly answered "Yes." Dan lifted his eyebrows at me and just said: "spill it."

I laughed shaking my head before replying. "There isn't a whole lot to tell. My wife decided that she didn't want sex anymore and told me to find it elsewhere. I did once there was no feelings involved it was just sex. When I told her that I did it, she got jealous and started fucking me again."

It was quiet, so I looked at Dan and Jerry they both were sitting there with their mouths open. Dan blurted out "She told you to go find it somewhere else, and you did?" I nodded my head in response. 

All Jerry could say was "Wow!"

I chuckled then informed them "I told her to go out and find someone. She never did she said it didn't feel right to her. I told her it's just sex, flesh against flesh no feelings involved. But she chooses not to find anyone different."

The guys were shaking their heads in awe. Jerry laughed and replied "I wish my wife would give me the approval to have sex with someone else. That is like a dream come true." Dan agreed with him.

We all got quiet again and continued driving to the hotel. Once we got to the hotel, we all checked into our rooms and went up to get cleaned up and relax before dinner. 

I decided to go down to the bar for a drink before dinner. While I was sitting at the bar, I noticed a lady sitting by herself. She had short red hair, and I noticed that she had a beautiful smile while she was talking on her phone. I couldn't hear any of her conversation, but I noticed that she lost her smile, so I am guessing that it is not turning out the way she wants it to go.

She hung up the phone and tossed it on the table. I could tell that she let out a deep sigh and was upset. After watching her form a few minutes, I decided to go over to her. "Hi, there is everything alright?" I asked her.

She looked up at me and shrugged her shoulders before she replied "Yeah I will be okay. I was supposed to meet a friend here, and now he backed out. So now I have two days to myself."

"I am here for the next three days for training session. Would you like to have dinner together, so you don't have to be alone?" I asked her. Then I reached my hand out to introduce myself "I'm Harry by the way."

She reached out to shake my hand "I'm Jodie, and I would enjoy having dinner with you." She replied.

I walked behind her to help her with her chair as we left to go into the restaurant at the hotel. We got seated at a table, and the waitress took our drink orders. We were looking over the menu when Dan and Jerry walked past our table, and they were seated several tables away behind Jodie so I could see them. They were making vulgar gestures laughing. I shook my head with a smile and paid attention to Jodie.

The waitress took our order, so we started making small talk and asking each other questions. I did not see a ring or an indention on Jodie's finger, so I asked her. "The friend that was supposed to come here is he your boyfriend or husband?"

"He is my friend with benefits, and no I am not married." She replied. Then she looked directly at my hand which did have a ring on it.

I chuckled and answered her questioning look before she could even ask "Yes I am married."

She rested her elbow on the table with her chin in her hand. She was smiling at me with a sly grin and asked: "But are you off limits?" I smiled back and shook my head no, and that caused her to smile bigger.

We kept talking while our dinner got served, I was very much enjoying her company. Jodie was a very positive person, so it was very pleasant talking with her. When she smiled, it reached her eyes and was a genuine smile. She was curvy and has a nice set of tits If I were to guess I would say a double D. 

After we finished dinner, we sat drinking a cup of coffee when Jodie asked: "Do you want to come up to my room for a nightcap?" I nodded my head. I settled the dinner bill and went to help Jodie stand from the table. I looked over at my co-workers smiled and winked at them before we left the restaurant. 

We were standing at the elevator banks waiting Jodie stood in from of me and leaned back against me. When the elevator came we went inside she was staying on the third floor while I was on the second. Once the elevator doors closed, Jodie came up to me. She put one hand on the back of my head to pull me down since I was taller than her and her other hand went to my crotch to rub my cock. 

She seems pleased with what she found. I was erect and excited to play with her. I reached up to cradle her breast in my left hand it was defiantly larger than a handful. We started kissing and making out on the ride up to the third floor.

Once the elevator stopped, we emerged to head to her room. When we got to the door, Jodie was getting the keycard out of her handbag I came up behind her wrapped my arms around her waist while I started kissing on her neck. She tilted her head so I could have better access. 

Jodie got the door open, and we went inside. Once inside we shut the door, and she turned around in front of me to start kissing again. She was fumbling with my belt unfastening it when undid my pants and zipper. She put her hand down my pants to grab my steely hard cock. Once she wrapped her hand around my cock, I sucked in my breath and she squeezed.

Jodie started moving her hand up and down on my cock; then she moved her other hand to pull down my pants and briefs. My cock spring out sticking out in front of me. Jodie got down on her knees in front of me then grabbed my cock then started to lick it up and down the sides.

She then put my mushroom top head into her mouth to swirl her tongue around then I felt the tip of tongue poke at my piss slit. I knew I had precum leaking out of my slit, so she was getting a taste of what was yet to come.

I put my hands on the back of her head to feed her more of my cock. She was able to go all the way to the base without too much gagging. I could feel my cock tip going down her throat; she swallowed a couple of times that sent amazing sensations throughout my shaft.

I knew I was going to cum soon, so I pulled her off my cock I wanted to feel her pussy wrapped around me. I helped her up off the floor, kicked off my pants and led her to the bed. I pulled her blouse up over her head while she kicked off her shoes and started taking her pants off. 

I unfastened her bra to let her beautiful breast out. She has fifty cent size areolas and large nipples that were pebble hard. I leaned down to suck on her nipples while I squeezed her breasts together. I knew I would have to fuck those titties before this fling was over.

Jodie laid on the bed, and I crawled between her legs. She had her pussy hair nice and trimmed I spread her lips and licked her from her hole to clit before I started concentrating on her clit with my tongue. I was flicking my tongue around her clit as I inserted a finger into her pussy hole. I hooked my finger to rub her g-spot which caused her to have an orgasm that I licked up. Her honey had a very pleasant flavor at I enjoyed.

I came up over top of Jodie and inserted my cock into her pussy. I settled inside her and could feel her pussy muscles squeezing me tight. Jodie wrapped her legs around my waist when I started moving in and out of her. She used her heels to push me in deeper.

I got up on my knees to hold her legs close to her chest so I could go deeper. She was moaning and telling me to fuck her harder. I started thrusting harder until we could hear our skin slapping together. She reached down to rub her clit to stimulate it while she was having an orgasm. 

I pulled out of Jodie and told her to get on her hands and knees once her ass was facing me I entered her from behind. I grabbed her hips to hang onto her while I was pumping into her pussy. When I was getting ready to cum, I slapped her on the ass which caused her to yelp and tighten up as I unloaded inside her.

I pulled out of her and seen the cream pie I just gave her. It was dripping out of her pussy as she laid down on her stomach breathing hard. I collapsed on the bed next to her on my back my heart was racing. I looked over at her, and she had a content smile on her face.

I got up off the bed to go into the bathroom to get cleaned up. When I came back out into the sleeping area, Jodie was under the blankets and falling asleep. I got dressed and went back to my room I got undressed set my phone alarm and crawled into bed for the night.

When my alarm went off in the morning, I felt very refreshed. I showered dressed and went down to the dining area to enjoy a cup of coffee and some breakfast before going into the conference room for the day. While I was sitting at the table, Dan and Jerry came in and came straight to my table to sit with me. 

"Alright, Harry spill it. Who was that woman you were with last night and did you get lucky?" Dan asked me.

I chuckled before responding "Her name is Jodie I met her in the bar after she got stood up and yes I got very lucky last night." I could see Dan and Jerry nudging each other their elbows smiling. 

They both got up from the table to get their breakfast. While the guys were gone Jodie came into the dining area, she came right over to my table and sat down.

I looked at her with a smile and asked her "Good morning did you sleep well?"

She smiled real big and replied "I slept like a baby. I was a little bummed that I woke up alone."

I raised my eyebrows at her as I was taking a sip of coffee. "Well, I wasn't aware you wanted me to stay," I told her.

"Well, of course, I was hoping for some morning sex. It is the best way to start the day." Jodie replied.

I smiled at her and responded "Very true; maybe I can make it up to you tonight?"

Jodie nodded her head at me with a smile then told me to come to her room at seven o'clock tonight. I agreed, and she excused herself.

Dan and Jerry came back to the table. Jerry asked me "Was that the lady from last night?"

I smiled and nodded my head "Yes it was, we made plans to meet again tonight." I informed them.

They both sat there with their mouths open staring at me. I continued eating my food with a smirk knowing that I was going to get laid later on.

We finished breakfast and went to the conference it was an all-day event. I was getting antsy with anticipation to see Jodie tonight. I kept thing of her giving me head again so that caused me to get erect. I was squirming in my chair shifting my cock so I could be more comfortable in my pants. The conference got over at five o'clock Dan, Jerry and I decided to see what the town has to offer for food.

We found a steakhouse, so we went in for dinner. We were there until about six forty-five and then headed back to the hotel. Once we got there, I went straight to Jodie's room. I knocked on the door, and she answered it in a short silky, sexy bathrobe. When she turned from me, I could see the bottom of her cute heart shaped ass.

I walked into her room and shut the door behind me. She was sitting on edge of the bed with her legs spread wide to tease me in seeing her pussy. As I was walking over to her, my phone started ringing I pulled it out of my pocket and seen that it was my wife.

"Shit, I have to answer this call give me just a minute," I told Jodie as I was answering the call. "Hi, Sweetheart how are you doing?" I asked my wife. We were having a conversation when Jodie got off the bed and walked over to me.

Jodie undid my pants while I was on the phone I tried to pull away, but she still had ahold of my pants, so I didn't get very far. I kept talking to my wife trying to act like nothing unusual was going on while Jodie got on her knees and started sucking my cock. 

I started losing parts of the conversation with my wife because of all the sensations Jodie was giving me. My wife asked me a question that I didn't answer her right away, so she asked me again, I realized she was talking me, so I played it off that I got distracted by the television. The whole time Jodie was sucking on me, and it was driving me crazy.

I finally said goodbye to my wife and hung up the phone. I grabbed Jodie's hair and started face fucking her, god she knows how to give amazing head. I made her gag a couple of times and realized that I was getting a little rough with her, so I let go of her. 

She pulled off my cock, and I helped her stand up then we went over to the bed. Jodie untied her robe when she laid down I noticed right away that she shaved herself clean today. I spread her legs apart to get a better look. I then looked up at her, and she had a smirk on her face, and she asked me "Do you like it? I cleaned it for you."

I looked down and then back at her and nodded as I responded: "OH, hell yes I like it now I am going to feast on it!"

I leaned down and spread her pussy lips apart then started licking her from asshole to clit. She started lifting her hips up to meet my tongue. I started flicking my tongue tip onto her clit, Jodie started moaning pushing my head deeper into her cunt. I started fingering her quim while I was licking her and she had an orgasm while grinding into my tongue.

I looked up at her and crawled over top of her to start kissing her. I rolled onto my back bringing Jodie with me, so she was on top of me. Jodie sat up and guided my cock into her pussy. It fit like a glove as she sank down on it until I was completely inside her. 

Jodie started rocking back and forth grinding on my cock. I grabbed her hips to hang on and be able to keep her down on my cock as deep as I can go. Jodie leaned forward putting her hands on my chest and started bouncing up and down on my cock. I could feel her pussy muscles tugging on me with each move she made.

She leaned forward and feed me her tits. I started sucking on her nipples going back and forth between both the right and left one. She seemed to be very sensitive in her breast, her nipples were hard pebbles, and the rest of her breast had goosebumps all over them.

After a few more minutes of Jodie on top, I instructed her to get on her hands and knees. Once she was in position, I came up behind her and slid my cock into her and grabbed her hips as I started pounding her pussy hard. 

Jodie leaned down and reached under herself to rub her clit. After a few more minutes we both exploded at the same time. I squirted at least five ropes of cum into her cunt. When I pulled out of her she fell forward, and I laid next to her.

We were laying there basking in the afterglow of great sex when Jodie asked me a question. "So, did it turn you on to be on the phone with your wife and I was sucking your dick?"

I looked at her with my eyes squinted at her and replied "That was very devilish of you. But yes, it was very sexy!" She giggled at me.

We laid there talking for a while when she started rubbing against me. I laughed and said to her "Boy you seem to be a horny little vixen tonight." She just smiled at me and move her head to my lap. She started kissing the tip of my cock, and I could feel it starting to stir and get hard.

I looked at her and told her "Lay on your back so I can fuck those titties!" She laid down, and I straddled over her placing my cock between her tits. Jodie squeezed her tits to wrap around me. I started moving my cock back and forth between her tits. Jodie tilted her head so that when I moved upwards, she stuck her tongue out to lick my tip. 

I knew that I could fuck her like this all night, but I also wanted to be in her pussy again. I pulled away from her tits and lined my cock up with her pussy opening and jammed it all the way into her.

Jodie arched her back sucking in her breath. She wrapped her legs around my waist while I tucked my arms under her to wrap them around her shoulders. I was thrusting hard into her while she pushed me into her as deep as I could with her heels.

The pace we were moving it was making the bed shake and creak. I tucked my head into her neck and bit her shoulder as I came inside of her. I could tell she was on the verge of an orgasm, so I did not stop moving I kept thrusting as she arched up and screamed as she came.

I laid on top of her for a few minutes I couldn't move a muscle. I then rolled off her with cum all over my cock. Jodie got up to go to the bathroom, and I could see my load dripping down her inner legs. I could hear her get on the toilet and pee. 

She came back out and grabbed two waters out of the refrigerator for us to drink. We both sat up on the bed leaning against the headboard. We sat there quietly drinking our water.

Jodie started yawning; I looked at the clock to see it was ten thirty at night. I got up to piss and came back crawling into bed with Jodie. We snuggled together as I was spooning her as we fell asleep.

I woke up with a start trying to figure out where I was then I remembered that I was with Jodie. We were still spooning and my morning wood was pressing against her butt crack. I moved my hand to cup her tit while I rubbing my cock against her ass. 

Jodie started moaning and pushing back against me. I spit in my hand to rub it on my cock then lined my cock up with her pussy and pushed in. She was tight this morning as I started moving in and out while she pushed back against me.

She was moaning and reached behind herself to put her hand on my ass like she was directing me. We stayed in this position for a few more minutes before I pulled out. I got off the bed Jodie asked me "What's wrong, where are you going?" 

I headed to the bathroom and replied to her "I have to piss, give me a minute and I will be right back inside that delicious pussy."

After I got done, I came back to the bed and had Jodie lay on her back. I entered her in one smooth stroke. We started thrusting against each other that our skin was slapping together. I got up on my knees to put her feet on my shoulders so I could go deeper and rub her clit. Jodie came on my cock first it was covered in creamy white goo. I got so turned on by seeing this that I came inside of her.

We laid on the bed catching our breath. Jodie looked over at me with a smile "Thank you for the wonderful couple of days. I have to head home today maybe we could get together some time in the future."

I smiled at her and replied "I thank you also you made this trip worthwhile. I would like to get together again one day." We exchanged emails to keep in touch.

I got up and got dressed to go back to my room to get showered and dressed for another day in the conference. When I was finished and ready, I went downstairs to get coffee and breakfast.

When I walked into the dining area, Dan and Jerry were already there. I seen them waved and got my food before I went to sit with them. As soon as I sat down, both of the guys started asking questions.
