 While I lived with my twin sons, I maintained my job in an insurance office as a special assistant. My boss was a young guy with a very pretty wife. I always maintained a professional attitude, never wanted to mix my sexual pleasures with my job. He never showed any special attention to me either and so for many years I did fine. This changed after I had my second breast implant. I also began to dress in a more sexual manner, showing some cleavage and lots of leg. He was much younger than me and a big guy; I did wonder at times as to how well he was endowed. As he began to notice me more, I became more turned on and probably had a more sexual way about me. 

One day I was very busy filing things having to bend over to get to the lower drawer while in his office. I happened to look around to see him trying to look up my short skirt. I at first ignored him and then when he persisted in openly starring at my ass, I decided to give him a good show. I moved around so that my backside was squarely in his view and bent way over. I made sure he was able to see my panty covered ass. I remained there for sometime pretending to filing some papers. When I straightened up, I glanced over my shoulder to see him squirming in his chair with his eyes fixed on my ass. 

I left his office and headed for the restroom. I had bought some new thong panties during my lunch break and decided to put a pair on. I then returned to his office to file more papers. This time when I bent over, he would be able to see my bare buns with only a thin piece of material running up my crack. I knew I was taking a chance, but my sexual desires ruled my life. I thought that if I could begin to get some hard cock at work along with all the fucking I receive at home and elsewhere, I would be in hog heaven, like 24/7 fuck-a-thon. 

As I was bent over revealing my ass to my boss I was kind of nervous hoping I had not gone too far, I stole a glance at him to make sure I was getting the reaction I wanted. Sure enough, he was now really starring at my ass and squirming in his chair in a manner that told me he was having an erection. I remained in that position for a few minutes to make sure he got a good view of my thong covered ass. I flinched my buns a couple of times checking his reaction, it told me he was really into watching and liking my ass. 

I then walked over to his desk and leaned toward him like I was going to ask him a question. I had unbuttoned the top two buttons on my blouse so that lots of cleavage would show. As I leaned over his eyes went directly to my cleavage and he did not take his eyes off my tits as I spoke to him about some filing I was doing. He responded with a "Yea, OK" to my question without blinking, keeping his eyes glued to my tits. I knew I was OK and glanced at his crotch, one could easily see the huge bulge in his trousers. I then stuck out my chest a couple inches accentuating my tits and cleavage while I reached over and lifted his chin so we were looking eye to eye and said, "Is what you are looking at so intently, causing that bulge in your pants?"

He looked down at his crotch and then back at my cleavage without raising his eyes above my chest saying, "Yes, I guess it … they are."

I again reached over and pulled his chin up in order to have eye contact saying, "Are you telling the real truth and nothing but the truth?"

He just nodded yes and then said, "I have always thought you were a very attractive woman. Lately you have been looking really hot and I have to admit, I have been thinking about getting in your pants and also to feel those big tits of yours. I especially like what you are wearing today, you are one hot chick!"

"You like this outfit?" I said as I stood up, took a couple steps back from his desk, lifted my skirt above my ass cheeks revealing my thong panties and spun around giving him a great shot of my ass and pussy. Since he said that he was thinking about getting in my pants which really excited me, I decided it would be OK to walk around to his side of the desk to be closer to him. I did not show any signs of apprehension of me being so close and so I placed one leg along the edge of his desk, leaving my other foot on the floor which exposed my crotch directly in front of my boss. He sat there staring at my pussy so I pulled my skirt up above my crotch and rubbed my pussy through my panties saying, "Does this part of me do anything for you?"

"My god, every part of you is hot, I would love to see what's under that little patch of material you are rubbing on." I smiled up at him as I slowly pulled the crotch of my thong to one side giving him a quick view of my neatly trimmed cunt.

"Oh shit I love a shaved pussy. I want to fuck you right here! Right now!"

I responded by slipping a finger in my pussy, "You mean that you would like to put that fire hose of yours in this little hole of mine?"

His face was not more than 18 inches from my now wet pussy. He licked his lips as I said, "I have tried to be professional in the office and so this is very awkward for me to be exposing myself like this. You are OK with me doing this?" I guess I was still looking for confirmation for what I was doing.

"I love what you are doing, I just wish you had been doing it sooner."

"Well, I have always wondered just how big you are where it counts and what it would feel like to be fucked by you here in your office. Am I right that you are going to fuck me right here, right now?"

He just continued staring at my crotch nodding yes. I then raised my hand to the buttons on my blouse and began to undo the remaining buttons. His eyes followed my hands and when I pulled my blouse loose from my skirt, he slowly rotated is head upward with his eyes glued to my tits, his nose only inches from my erect nipples that were protruding through my lacy bra. He continued to stare at my tits and then looked up at me saying, "You are one hot sexy look lady!"

"Do you like my tits?"

"Oh yea, I love your tits, they look so delicious, so firm, so succulent, so hot!"

"Why don't you help yourself and remove my bra and get a good look." He reached up and unfastened my bra and then pulled my bra cups to one side letting my big tits loose. 

I wiggled them back and forth as he stared at them saying, "Oh my god, what fantastic tits. I don't know whether I want to lick'em, suck'em or fuck'em." I smiled at him as I placed my hand under my left tit lifting it up a little and with my right hand, reached around his head and pulled his face toward my body. He did not hesitate and opened his mouth as I pulled his face into my chest. His tongue immediately found my erect nipple and began to play with it. Oh how great that felt, but I wanted to feel something even better. 

I said to him, "I'll strip naked for you on one condition."

"What is the condition?"

"That you show me your big cock." He reluctantly released my tit, stood up, unzipped his pants and pulled out his nice big hard cock. "Oh my lord, I can't wait to feel that thing inside me. Why don't you just sit back in your chair, let me get the rest of my clothes off and then sit on your lap so I can get that beautiful monster of yours deep inside me." He sat back as I removed my leg from his desk, stepped back and removed my skirt. I then pulled my thong down letting it fall to the floor. I spun around giving him a total view of my naked body. "Like it?"

"Fantastic, now just get over her and straddle my lap so I can feel the insides of you." I stood in front of him and sat my butt on the edge of his desk placing a foot on each of the arms of his chair. My legs were spread wide giving my boss a fantastic view of my love hole that he was about to fuck. I said, "How do you want to feel my insides, with your finger, your tongue or your cock."

"Yes, in that order." He responded. I remained there as he moved his hand toward my snatch and slipped a finger inside me. I spread my legs even wider as he probed the insides of my cunt with his middle finger. 

"You feel so good. Nice and wet, warm and juicy."

"Just for you, I want to be real juicy for you, I want to make it easy for you to slip your big cock inside me and fuck me hard. I can't believe we are doing this, but I love it." He continued working his finger inside me first probing me deep, then playing with my clit using his thumb and finger. "Agggggg, baby that feels so good, yes play with my clit, oh yes, yes play with me, make me horny then fuck my brains out." 

"First I want you to walk around the room again totally nude with only your high heels on. OK?"

I did not hesitate and removed myself from his sensuous touching and went to the middle of the room. I then walked around the office getting glimpses of my nude body in the mirrors and from the reflection off the windows. It was so exhilarating, my nipples were more erect that I've ever remember and my pussy was oozing love juices. He asked me to stand next to him facing away and to bend way over. I did as he asked, his face was now almost even with my ass. He at first just admired my rear end as I watched his action from between my legs. He then leaned over and ran his tongue along my crack, starting with my pussy and then running it all the way up my crack across my asshole. It made me tingle all over. He repeated this many times and on the last lick, paid special attention to my asshole, probing it some with the tip of his tongue. He then asked me to stand up on his desk facing him. 

I got up on his desk with his help, he had his hand in my crotch as he lifted me up. I turned around to face him, spread my legs to give him a great view of my cunt and then squatted with my knees widely separated. My exposed pussy was now right in his face. He glanced up at me giving me a big smile saying, "I have always wondered just what your pussy would look like, now I know and I love it. I can't wait to get my cock inside you after I eat you." He then placed his face in my snatch and began to lick my pussy. He did this for some time with my assistance, I moved my hands down to my cunt pulling my cunt lips apart for him. He licked me gently and then stuck his tongue as deep inside me as he could get it. He was tongue fucking me right there on his desk. I pulled his head tight into my cunt as his tongue was fucking me, my clit was on fire. I was getting so hot and so was he. He finally removed his face from my cunt saying, " Get down here and slide your hot cunt over my cock, I need to fuck you now."

I did not hesitate and was straddling his lap sliding my juiced up cunt over his cock in a flash. I immediately began to bounce up and down on his big hard cock while he began to suck on my tits. We were both almost frantic in our fucking and being our first fuck, we were both so hot that we each had an orgasm within minutes. It was quick but awesome. I collapsed on his lap with his dick still buried in my pussy, both our bodies covered in sweat. 

When I recovered, I attempted to straighten but my skin was kind of stuck to his. We slowly pulled ourselves apart and then he kissed me really hard with his tongue fully in my mouth. I was immediately getting aroused again and as was he. He said, "How about if you get back up on my desk on all fours so I can eat your cum drenched pussy."

I looked at him saying, "You like to eat the pussy you just fucked?"

"Yes I do, I love to eat pussy almost as much as I love to fuck pussy. I also like to eat and fuck ass. How about you?"

"Oh yes, I love having my ass fucked. Would you like to fuck my ass right now?"

"No, but I do want to fuck your cunt again. This time I want to take more time and really feel all the sensations of having my rod in you, feeling your cunt muscles against my cock and to feel you cum. But first I want to eat your pussy." I got up on his desk on all fours with my ass facing him. He remained in his chair moving it close to the desk and buried his face in my ass. He went to work immediately on my pussy with his tongue, wiggling his tongue between my cunt lips giving me some great sensation. He found my clit and played with it for quite sometime. I was getting so hot, he really knew how to heat me up. 

I just remained in that position on the desk relishing the sensations my boss was giving me, oh what a talented cunt eater he is. Suddenly he removed his face from my pussy saying, "Lets get you over to the couch so I can really fuck you, I want to watch my cock disappear in your cunt and see the expression on your face when you climax." He stood up letting me get down off his desk and walked me over to the couch. He had me lay down on my back and told me to spread my legs real wide. I was so ready, I put one foot on the floor and the other on the back of the couch, my cunt was wide open for him. He just stood there for a few seconds stroking his cock as he looked up and down my naked body. 

"Shit you are hot, I knew you had a great body, but I did not think it would be this hot! It is going to be hard not to fuck you every day and many times a day. I love how you look all spread out on my couch. Your cunt looks so inviting."

I held out my hands saying, "I am inviting you to join me. I want for you to be part of me for the next little while. I want your cock to be inside me and for you to feel you are part of me. I want us to be joined for as long as you want. As my boss, my cunt is yours anytime I'm at work and other times too. Just say the word and I'll drop whatever I'm doing and open my legs for your pleasure. I want you to feel totally free with me, fondle me, kiss me, fuck me, eat me, just whatever sexual desire you want. I want to please you in anyway you want."

He remained there for a few more seconds and then holding his hard cock in his hand, kneeled between my legs and guided his cock into my waiting cunt. I was so wet his cock slipped inside me on the first thrust. As soon as his cock was totally in me, he gave me a big embrace, his tongue was inside my mouth and we were French kissing like we wanted to eat each other up. God, his big cock felt so good inside me, I squirmed my ass back and forth to make sure he was all the way in, I wanted every inch of him inside me. 

He was slowly fucking me with long deep thrusts, absolutely driving me crazy with his big cock. He moved his hands around my ass and was grabbing my buns pulling me into him on the down strokes. I was being penetrated to the max, it was the greatest and exactly what I wanted. Can't believe that I'm on my back, naked in my boss's office with him between my legs, and we are fucking, willingly fucking our brains out. I knew that if he kept this up much longer I would be gushing, my cunt would be erupting in my own sweet honey juices. 

He released my mouth from our torrid kiss and as I looked at him I said, "I'm about to cum, oh god you feel so good inside me. I have fantasized about this so many times and now I'm doing it, getting fucked by my boss. I'm going to cum any second, oh yes you are so big and wonderful, ahhhhhh yes, I'm almost there…ohhhhh."

My boss cut me off saying, "Me too, I'm so close, yes I'm starting to cum, oh shit this is so hot."

"Yes fuck me, oh fuck me hard, oh fuck, yes fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuccccck me, yes fuccccck me, oh I'm cuming. Oh fuck this is absolutely wonderful, oh fuck me and fuck me and fuck me, don't' stop, please don't stop, ohhhh fuck me. Stick your big cock deep inside me and keep it in me, oh I love your big cock in me, oh this is the best." 

After what seemed like a very long time of him relentlessly ramming his hard dick inside my cunt, his body suddenly went limp and he collapsed on top of me, his cock was still buried deep inside me. I held on to him and rocked me ass back and forth to keep feeling his dick in me. I did not want this to end, he felt so good inside me and I have been dreaming of this for such a long time. To be naked in my boss's office and for my boss to be fucking me. I was in hog heaven. 

It was not long before his cock began to soften and I could feel it begin to recede until his cock fell out of my cum soaked cunt. He slowly raised his head and looked down at me, he then gave me another hot juicy kiss. He was so passionate, I was overwhelmed with lust. He released my mouth while raising his body up, we both looked down between our bodies to see his soft cock hanging down with cum dripping off the end. He smiled saying, "Wow, that is one happy cock. You are a great fuck, I mean one hell of a great fuck. I don't ever remember cuming any harder than that. Shit it was fantastic." 

As he remained there with cum dripping from his cock onto my totally cum drenched pussy, I said, "Would you let me taste you, I would love to suck your cock clean."

He smiled back saying, "Well, I would love that but don't get me hard again because if you do, I will have to fuck you again which I want to do, but not now."

He sat down on the edge of the couch with his cock dangling between his legs. I scrambled to get between his legs and took his cock in my mouth. I looked up at him as we stared at each other as I took his entire cum dripping cock into my mouth. As I closed my lips around his cock I reached between his legs and fondled his balls. He laid his head back saying, "Oh shit, you sure know how to treat a man. I love the feeling of your warm mouth on my cock and your warm hands on my balls. Like I said, plan on being fucked at work every day and some days you are going to be fucked many times. Now let me go so I'm not too late for dinner, I'm meeting some friends at the club." 

I did as he said, although I could have gone on for another round of hot sex with my boss. When I stood up, my boss grabbed my hips to hold me directly in front of him. He said, "Wow, look at your pussy, you are overflowing with cum. You don't mind if I have a little taste, do you?"

"My cunt is yours! Lick it, eat it or fuck it, do whatever you want with my pussy." He leaned forward pushing his mouth into the soft folds of my cunt. He gently ran his tongue all around my pussy licking up any cum that had escaped my fuck hole. His head was at a somewhat difficult angle with him being a tall guy and me rather short, my pussy was not at the right height with him sitting on the couch. I suggested that he sit back on the couch and let my stand on the couch and straddle his face. He immediately leaned back and laid his head on the back of the couch, I placed a foot on each side of his legs and slowly pushed my pussy onto his face. He had his mouth open so I rubbed my pussy back and forth across his mouth. His tongue darted into my cunt and when he removed it, there was a large glob of cum. He pulled his tongue into his mouth and swallowed the cum. 

I then reached down between my legs to pull my cunt lips apart letting cum ooze from it. He held his mouth open as I remained in this position letting cum drip from my cunt directly into his mouth. He stuck out his tongue a few times and as he would, I'd lower my cunt so he could penetrate my pussy. Finally I remained with my pussy mashed against his mouth and he began to devour my pussy like crazy. I just let it all hang out and began to ride his face. I was having another orgasm, right on my boss's face. He showed no signs of slowing down so I just remained there with him eating me out. Oh it was so good, again I did not want it to stop. 

He finally pushed my pussy off his face saying, "I knew this would happen, I'm as hard as a rock and need another fuck. You taste soooooo good baby, I love eating you, oh so delicious. I need you to bend over my desk, I'm going to give you another shot of my cum, this time doggie style, but its got to be quick."

I stepped off the couch and walked over to his desk, he was right behind me and when I bent over, I immediately felt his cock inside me. I held on to the edge of the desk as he fucked me quick and hard, ramming me really deep on each stroke to my complete satisfaction. It did not take him long at all to reach a climax and shoot another load of cum in my cunt. It was his third load within about an hour and half. He was also busy fondling my tits as he was ramming my pussy. I thought what a find, a nice boss with a big cock that fucks so well, what more could a slut ask for.
