 I went into the small restaurant looking for a quiet dinner. I was in town for business and tired from a fruitless day. I had my head down as I walked in. A small bell rung over my head as I entered. Looking around for an empty table was not hard to do because they were all empty. A young girl in her early 20s looked up from the magazine she was reading with a bored expression. She had a short haircut and wore an ugly brown polyester dress. Her face brightened when I turned toward her.

"Can I sit anywhere?" I asked.

"Sure!" she perkily replied. She jumped up off her stool. I saw her smallish breasts bounce beneath her formless outfit. I stared at the nametag that was in the same direction. Karen was her name. I regained my modesty and stopped staring at her chest but she had already noticed. She beamed at me with a great smile on her round face that immediately lightened up my day. I followed her to a booth and she handed me a menu. "How 'bout here?" she asked me. I nodded and began to sit. As I did, I brushed up against her. I felt an electricity between us when our skin touched. My mind was no longer on being tired and hungry. 

Karen spun on one foot to turn away. I noticed her skirt fly up as she did. I thought I saw that she was not wearing any panties, or a thong at the very least, but it was so brief a glimpse that I could not be sure. I caught her giving me a look over her shoulder and I returned her smile. I turned my attention to the menu.

I soon decided what I wanted for dinner. As I lifted my head up she jumped off the stool that she had roosted on. Pulling out a notepad she asked, "What would you like?"

"You," I said with an amazing confidence. Her cheeks reddened with embarrassment. An awkward silence followed until I said, "And a cheeseburger." She spun again. This time I was sure she was not wearing panties. I sat back and watched her as she took the order to the cook. Since I was the only one in the place, my food was ready I no time. 

She brought a tray with the plate on it to me. Placing the plate in front of me, she leaned over to give me a peek down her blouse. Now I was convinced that this girl was not wearing a bra either. "Can you sit with me?" I said. Karen looked back at the cook. He returned to the magazine that he was reading so she sat across from me. She looked nervous as I sat quietly eating my burger. 

"So. What's your name?" she asked, attempting to break the ice. 

"Tom," I lied between bites. 

"You're not from around here. I know everyone in town," Karen said. "Where are you from?"

"Chicago," I said. I was not about to give her a straight answer. "When do you get off work?" 

"We close at 9pm but I think I could get out early."

"Good. Why don't you give me your phone number?" She could not get her pen out quick enough. Karen scribbled her number down on my check. "I'll call you at 9 sharp. Do you live alone?" 

"Yeah," she said cautiously. I think she realized she was giving out too much information to a stranger. 

"Cool," I said. I reached in my wallet and pulled out a $20 bill. "Keep the change." She stuffed the bill in her dress pocket. I got up and began to leave with the phone number in my hand. 

"Wait a minute," she said. She ran over to the cook. She started to ramble quickly and looked up at me. The cook gave her a wave of his hand. Karen did a little hop as she whirled to get her coat. He gave me a huge grin after she turned her back. I nodded my head at him. She bounded up to me. "Frankie says I can go home early so why don't you just follow me?"

"Okay," I said, getting out my keys.

Karen went over to her car. I got in my car and started the engine. Karen seemed to be frantic about something as I watched her inside her car. She finally got her car started and we got on the road. 

She did not live that far from the restaurant. She drove about five blocks to a small parking lot behind an apartment building. I pulled in behind her and parked in a visitor spot. She stood next to her car waiting for me to catch up with her. I walked over and she gave me a big smile. We walked next to each other in silence as she unlocked the door to her building. I held the door open as we entered.

The building looked a little rundown but in a plain sort of way. Karen headed up to the second floor. I followed behind watching her legs and trying to peek up her skirt again. She stopped at the top and unlocked the door to her apartment. It was a little messy, obviously she was not expecting company. She dropped her coat on a nearby chair and hurriedly picked up some clutter and trash. I stood in the doorway taking in the new environment. 

Wood paneling covered all the walls. She had a decent amount of furniture. A large owl lamp sat on a small table next to a plush brown recliner. A plain yellow phone sat next to the lamp. There was some stereo equipment behind the chair. All in all, it was your typical small apartment.

Karen disappeared around the corner into a kitchen area with all the things she had gathered. Upon her reappearance she said, "Take a seat." I took my coat off and placed it near the door before sitting down on the low-slung couch across from the television. "I'm going to get out of this uniform," she said.

"Okay," I replied. 

She went into the bedroom. I saw a huge rebel flag hanging on the far wall. I looked around and wondered what I was doing here. Karen came back into the room naked. Her perky breasts stood out with the tan line of a one-piece swimsuit across the top of them and her furry triangle got me instantly hard. "I always sit around the house naked. I hope you don't mind." 

"Um, no," was all I could say as I shook my head, dumbfounded. 

She came over and bent down in front of me to grab the remote control from the coffee table in front of me. Her cute breasts briefly hung down, tantalizing me even further. "Why don't you take your clothes off and relax?" Karen said as she turned on the television. She settled into the recliner, placing one foot on the arm leaving her pussy exposed ever so slightly.

I stood up and unbuttoned my shirt. She glanced over at me as I disrobed. I was trying to go at an even pace and not just rip my clothes off. I took my shoes off, freeing my tired feet. I then unzipped my pants and let them fall to the ground. Karen was intently watching me undress. Now that I was down to my briefs and my hard-on was showing, I figured what was there left to lose?

I tucked my thumbs in the waistband and shoved them to the ground. My hard cock sprang out and wobbled as I sat down to get my underwear off. Karen gave a look of approval as she eyed my 8-inch cock. Piling my clothes on the floor, I sat back and began to watch television. We both just sat there in the nude as I tried to relax from my anticipation of sex. 

"So, do you go to school?" I asked. I was hoping to stop myself from just jumping on her and screwing her silly. 

"Yeah, but I'm not into it too much. My dad wants me to make something of myself but I don't know." Her gaze drifted off to a small photo frame that was on the wall. A stern-looking man in a priest's collar stared out into the room. It was a little creepy to look at, so I returned to the conversation. 

I asked Karen about her job, her friends, and her life. She was pleasant to talk to and we had a great time laughing together. I had forgotten all about being naked until she got up to get some drinks. Once again I began to get hard as I watched her big sexy ass wiggle into the kitchen.

She came back with two glasses of water. Karen handed me one and returned to her easy chair. She clicked off the television and turned to face me. "Would you like to watch me masturbate?" I think I almost fell off the couch.

"Sure!" I said eagerly. Karen turned her chair so that it directly faced me. She put a foot over each arm, spreading her legs for me to get the best view. Dipping a finger into her glass of water, she pulled out an ice cube. She dripped the cold water onto her chest and then ran the ice cube around her nipples. They quickly tightened into two nubs that she began pinching. I could no longer resist and I began stroking my throbbing cock. A drop of pre-cum had already formed so I used it to slide my fingers up and down my rod. 

Feeling my own orgasm begin to well up, I slowed down my rate of stroking. Karen had moved her hands down to her hairy bush. I watched as she rubbed and spread her pussy lips. The hair framed her pinkness as she stroked herself. I moved down and knelt in front of her while continuing to slowly jerk off. She sucked in a deep breath as I approached her but let it go when it became clear I was not going to come any closer. 

As I knelt before her, she got more adventurous. She ran two fingers through her pussy lips, spreading her wetness around. She used her other hand to pinch her nipple. I stopped my own movements and just watched her pleasure herself. Karen then inserted two fingers in her hole. 

Her eyes closed as she fingered herself, so I took the opportunity to stand up. I quietly moved next to her. I never stopped stroking myself as I aimed my dick at her mouth. The next time she opened her eyes she was surprised to see that I had moved and that my dick was now in her face. She used her free hand to grab it and guide it to her mouth. I reached down and began squeezing her breast. I did not last long with her intense sucking on my cock. I filled her mouth with cum as I grabbed the back of her head to shove it in. She bucked her hips off the chair at the same time. I looked down to see her shove her fingers deep and hard into her pussy. 

I knelt down in front of her and began pinching her nipples very hard. They stood out, slightly reddened from my rough handling. I placed my lips over her breasts, sucking one almost entirely into my mouth. Using a free hand, I found her wet pussy. I took her fingers out and replaced them with my own. She began to pant as I thrust my fingers up her slot. I continued to lick and suck her wonderful breasts. I slowly increased the rate of my fingers. I had three, then four fingers in her pussy. When she was just on the edge of cumming again, I took my fingers out, flipped one leg over so she was facing away from me, and slammed my still hard cock in her wide-open cunt. 

Her youthful vaginal muscles quickly tightened around my 8-inch cock. I slammed into her as hard as I could while holding on to her hips. I watched her meaty buttocks ripple from my banging. I stuck my thumb in her ass. The feeling made me shoot my second load of cum with a final push into her tight pussy. I left my cock buried in her as I reached down, rubbed her clit with one hand and grabbed a breast with the other. 

The chair muffled Karen's scream. It scared me as I thought that it would bring a nosy neighbor. Her body went limp and I felt her pussy throb on my dick. I slowly withdrew my cock from her. She lay there with her sweaty body shuddering in orgasm. I kissed her on the back as she began to fall asleep. 

I wrote her a note thanking her for the wonderful sex and left it on the couch. I put on my clothes and sneaked out the door not wanting to wake her up. As I drove away from her apartment to my hotel, I knew I would remember this amazing night for the rest of my life.