 I was just getting finished at work, ready to head home for the weekend. I was ready for this one. Jessica was coming down from Tulsa and I had been anticipating this meeting for months. We had discussed the possibility several times since first meeting on Facebook, and this would be the first of who knows how many meetings. The fact that Jessica gets off on my perverted little stories, just makes meeting her that much more exciting. I had been imagining all of the kinky little things that she was going to let me do to her. My cock was straining to be free already.

She said she would meet me at work and we could head back to my place. Fuck! Fifteen more excruciating minutes! My nutsack is going to burst! I just wanted to get out of there! I decided to go get my water bottle of tea from the fridge, and that's when I saw her for the first time. I almost shot my load in my jeans right there in the hallway! 

She was talking to Gail, my boss. Now Gail is pretty fucking hot herself, with her wide hips, a woman's waist, and ample breasts. She has a sashay that makes men stop and watch her walk. That is one sexy bitch. But I wouldn't want to fuck her, without a gag ball in her mouth. Too fucking religious and prudish. Still, she could get me humming if she wanted to.

Anyway Jess and Gail were chatting in the hallway when I came out of the lab and saw them. They were leaning in toward each other and laughing, giggling really, as if they were old high school friends chatting and sharing secrets. Gail said, "Hang on. I'll tell him you're here," and as they both turned Jessica saw me and a huge Cat-that-caught-the-canary grin spread across her face. Whoa! Holy fuck! was the first thing that crossed my wicked little mind. This woman, who I'd been fantasizing about was right there, fifteen feet away! And there was no doubt in my mind that this was the woman I'd been dreaming of, all these months. Gail gave me one of those, "I know what you're up to" looks and a sly little smirk crossed her face.

Jessica was dressed to the nines! A saphire blue wraparound dress, cut just about halfway down her thighs. Sheer black thigh-high stockings caressed her sexy legs, and fuck-me heels, in the same shocking blue as her dress, adorned her feet. The dress was cinched, at her waist, with a gold lame sash. The wraparound feature of the dress gave an onlooker a rather inviting view of her ample cleavage. Oh, just so fucking sexy!

I must have looked like a doe caught in the headlights, and I could feel the rose rising in my cheeks and ears, because Jessica adopted a look something akinto,"Oh you poor thing. I'm going to eat you alive! Bwahahahaha!" What the fuck is that anyway? I get embarassed and the first thing to flush is my ears? But my heart was racing like it hasn't since the first time I saw a girl undressed. Gail said something about, "I'll leave you two alone," and as she strode by there seemed to be an extra touch of swagger in her sashay. I did notice that she checked my bulge as she passed.

I gathered my courage and stode up to this crazy-beautiful, sexy, fucking tigress, who had invaded my thoughts for so long, and as I reached out for her hand, she pulled me into her and as I slipped my arms around her waist, she held my head with both hands and planted her mouth on mine and kissed me with a passion that scorched right through my belly and into the head of my cock. I was so turned on, I had already leaked a good bit of pre-cum through the fabric of my underwear and into my jeans. Or had I actually just creamed my jeans? I think so.

I pulled back just enough to get a more encompassing view of her, and as I worked to pry my eyes from her wonderful cleaves, I noticed the edge of the clasp of the bra she was wearing, struggling to contain her magnificent breasts. It was of a deep crimson. I could just catch a whif of her scent, an intoxicating blend of Pachoulie and a clean fresh scent I couldn't identify. It was heady, and I was thoroughly intoxicated! As I looked up, I noticed she wore only a spare amount of makeup, and she had done something at the corners of her eyes to give them an exotic, middle eastern or Asian Indian, appearance. Oh, so fucking sexy!

Jessica is no waiflike little teenie-bopper, like those girls who populated the campus, with the tiny waists and nice tight asses that make grown men want to walk up and lay their cocks against the crack and fuck their sweet behinds. No, Jessica is a woman, in every respect. With two children to her credit, she has a woman's body. Thunder thighs and sexy, wide hips slimming into a healthy waist and a little pooch belly (don't know why, but I love a pooch on a woman), and flaring over the ribs up to some phat succulent tits. Oh yeah this is a woman!

I couldn't help myself as I reached down and grabbed two handfuls of her fine ass. I knew it was unprofessional, and more than a little risque, but I did not care. I was so fucking cranked up by now, if she had asked, I would have taken her right there. I needed to contain my eagerness, but it was a struggle.

I slid my arm around her waist and led her back to the lab. As we entered, almost everyone looked up to check us out. I could hear that Annie was in the middle of an interview, but everyone else's attention was fixed on us. "Hey everybody, this is Jessica." A chorus of "Hi Jessica!" rang around the room and I caught a few knowing smiles of approval from the ladies in the lab. I told Jacob to log me out and said, "Night ladies! Have a great weekend!"

"Looks like yours has already started!" someone I couldn't immediately identify, replied.

"Indeed!"

As we turned, Jessica slipped her arm around my waist and snuggled against me for a second or two. It was nice, and I felt a surge of satisfaction and self-confidence I hadn't felt in a very long time.

We strode out the front door, arms around each other, our left hands clasped, fingers intertwined. As we strolled to the parking lot, we came upon a younger couple waiting on the campus bus. Jessica locked eyes with the young, dark-skinned Indian man, and she stopped our progress and whispered something to the pretty young woman, from whom I heard a slight intake of breath. Her eyes went wide for a second, and then she glanced at me and back at Jessica and the hint of a smile spread across her face. I felt my ears and cheeks flush again. Jess nudged us forward and we continued to her car.

"What did you say to her?" I asked, curious as to what Jessica might have said to elicit the woman's response.

"Oh, I said, 'When's the last time you let your man shove his big cock down your throat? You should do it tonight. He'll love you forever. Oh, and you have to swallow.'"

"You didn't! Do you think she'll do it?"

"You saw the look she gave us. And the smile. I'll bet he doesn't make it through the door, before she's gagging on him! Hahaha!"

We got to her car, so I opened the driver's side door for her, and as she slid into the driver's seat her dress slid up a few inches, giving me an eyeful of her creamy white thigh. I went around and hopped into the passenger seat and before I could get my ass settled in the seat, Jessica had reached over and grabbed a handful of my bulging crotch and gave me a little squeeze. As I let out a soft,"Mmnhhh," she lay her mouth hungrily over mine and started probing it with her skillful tongue, and rubbing my hard, cramped cock with her right hand.

She broke the kiss and even as I expected her to put the key in the igniton and drive, she kept rubbing and as I looked over at her, she slipped her hand under her dress, giving me another look at those luscious thighs. And her panties! Identical crimson red as her bra, lacey, sheer. And then it was gone. Her left hand had taken to running her fingers up and down, over her mound.

And then the view changed again, as did the tension in my crotch. I was too wrapped up in her crimson panties and what she was doing there to realize she had unzipped my jeans and fished my hard dick through the escape hatch in my underwear. Her mouth had engulfed as much of my cock as my position would allow. She was sucking and slurping like I hadn't the pleasure to experience since much younger days. The sensation was indescribable, and I was lost to the world. My hand was just riding the wave of her head, as it would bob up and down a few times and then switch to a long slow lift, as she glided her expert tongue along the shaft.

Nothing, I mean nothing I ever experienced before felt as mind-blowing as when, at the top of a bob, she would lock her lips over just the crown and apply an intense, hard suction to it, as if she were really trying to suck a golf ball through a garden hose. If she kept going a bit longer, I was going to lose it! She was slathering my cock and balls with so much saliva, my shorts were soaked. Not damp. Fucking soaked! Just then I realized that there were actually people walking across the parking lot and looking to see what was going on in the little roadster.

"Baby."

"Mmh." 

"Stop." 

"Muhng."

"Baby. Stop."

"Mhmph. Mhmpsk. Why? Mhmph"

"There's people."

"Mrmph. So. Nommphst."

"They can see."

"Mrmphst. Let 'em find their own goddamn slurpee." and with that she reached across my body and let the seat back recline. Never fucking missed a beat. I couldn't see out the windows except up at the sky, but, because it was a roadster, we could hear the whoops and catcalls and hollerbackgirl calls, and the utterances of shock and dismay coming from the various passersby. More than once we'd hear,"Yeahhh, Bay-by! Or, You go girl!" as spectators voiced their appreciation.

Jessica by this time, was as good as her word. She had told me, on several occasions that she had virtually no gag reflex and at this point she was proving it, admirably. After she would bob her head a few times, followed by the intense suction at the top, she would plunge her head down to my belly, banging her lips on my pelvis and her chin would park itself on my balls. Then she would do the suction thing again at the base of my cock, working her throat over the shaft and head. I was on the verge of either losing my load, or losing consciousness, when she stopped. Abruptly.

She sat up, tucked my penis back in my jeans and carefully zipped me up. I was stunned. I looked at her in confusion, but she was already settled squarely in her seat. She pulled her seatbelt over her shoulder and waist and started the car. "You might want to put your seatbelt on." Before I had even readjusted my ass in the seat properly, she had us hauling ass through the parking lot. I got my seatbelt on and asked,"Why'd you stop?"

"I wasn't ready for you yet."

"Well. Fuck. I was ready for you!"

"Not yet, you aren't." I rode the short mile home, in stunned silence. Confusion and resentment welled up. What. The. Fuck.