 Maggie and I met in one of those adult chat rooms. We exchanged pictures, and I immediately fell in love. She wasn’t a knockout, but she had a “girl-next-door” cuteness about her. Most importantly, I could tell from the shirt that she was wearing in her picture that she had really nice, big tits. I’m a breast guy, so after looking at the picture I was more than ready to cyber with the girl. After about an hour of online fun, we exchanged email addresses, IM screen names and phone numbers.

Maggie lives in Delaware and I live in Texas, but the long distance didn’t come between us and our internet and phone sex sessions. Not only was Maggie cute, but she had a voice that drove me crazy. By June 10, Maggie and I had been talking to each other for about 3 months. That was the day that she said that she wanted to meet me in person. She was out of school for the summer, and wanted to fly to Dallas to meet me. I couldn’t believe my luck. I offered to pay for her plane ticket, but she refused to let me. We made plans to meet that weekend.

I could hardly wait for Friday to roll around. I booked us into one of the best hotels in Dallas (a hotel way over my budget, by the way), and made reservations at one of the city’s trendiest restaurants. That Friday, I was at Gate 36 of DFW Airport with a half dozen roses. When I saw Maggie my heart skipped a beat. She was even prettier than she was in her picture. Her shoulder length black hair bounced as she walked. Her brown eyes seemed to sparkle with life and mischief, and her body…..Let’s just say that her picture did not do her justice. Her lithe, 19 year old body fit her perfectly, even though her C cup breasts look a little too large for her 5’2 frame. When she recognized me, she gave me a fierce hug. Being a foot taller than her, I had to bend down to kiss her on the lips. She was three years younger than me, but she seemed to have a maturity well beyond my years. Maggie was all woman.

“I was wondering what it would be like when we finally met,” she said as she took the offered flowers.

“Maggie, you’re even more beautiful than you are in your picture,” I managed to say while looking into her big, brown eyes.

“You are always so sweet to me,” she replied. 

She took my hand, and we walked to my car. She threw her carry-on bag (Which was her only piece of luggage. Apparently, she didn’t plan on wearing much on our weekend together) into the backseat, and we drove off into the humid Southern twilight. As I told Maggie about the restaurant that we were going to be having dinner at, I could see disappointment spread across her face.

“What’s wrong,” I asked. The last thing I wanted was for her to be disappointed by any aspect of our weekend.

“Nothing’s wrong.” Then she smiled wickedly as she looked at me. “I just thought we could skip dinner. What I’m really hungry for is you, Brad.”

I could feel my cock start to stir as I tried to keep myself from looking too overjoyed. I stared at Maggie. The smile stiff frozen on her face, she arched her eyebrows in a silent plea. She waited for me to say the words she wanted to hear.

“Shall we go straight to the hotel then?” I said with a grin.

She touched my right thigh, and her hand wandered near my growing cock. 

“Mmmm,” she cooed, “that sounds like a better plan.”

We pulled into the hotel’s parking garage, and checked in at the front desk. After, we stepped into the elevator for our ride up to the fourth floor. Maggie wrapped her arms around me as she kissed me hard on the lips.

“Oh, my God, Brad, I’ve wanted to do this for so long now,” she whispered through shallow breaths. I started to kiss her neck as I ran my hands down the curves of her body. I could feel her bare ass through the material of her short, black skirt. She wasn’t wearing any panties. 

Just before I could run my hands up and underneath her skirt, the elevator reached the fourth floor. I led her to our room. We were like high school kids about to experience their first time. Maggie giggled excitedly as I fumbled with the room’s key card.


The door had barely closed when Maggie shoved me against the wall and kissed me again. This time, she unbuckled my belt while she kissed. I went back to where I left off in the elevator. My hands followed the inside curve of her thighs until I reached her smoothly shaved pussy. Maggie was already very wet, and she moaned as I started to tease her down there with my fingers. She had my rock hard cock in her hand by then and was slowly stroking it.

She flashed that same wicked smile that I had seen in my car. She slowly traced a finger along the hair at the center of my chest and stomach as she sank down to her knees. She took the head of my cock into her mouth. Her warm tongue swirled over it as she started to slowly stroke the shaft. I leaned back against the wall and moaned for more as Maggie expertly sucked me off. Her lips enveloped me inch by inch as she took my entire cock into her mouth. Her nose brushed against my pubic hair as she deep throated me like a pro. She moved back up to the tip, and then swallowed me again and again. Every time, more and more saliva ran down my shaft. My balls ached. Maggie stroked and sucked harder and faster. I was ready to shoot my load, and I warned her.

She let my throbbing dick slide from her mouth as she unbuttoned her white, silk blouse. Her beautiful C cups were held in place by a lacey, black bra.

“Cum on my tits, baby,” she said. “I know you like to pretend to do it when we talk online.”

I smiled and nodded. She enveloped my shaft with her mouth again and finished the job for me. When I couldn’t hold it any longer, I pulled myself from Maggie’s mouth and aimed my cock for her bra clad mammories. She squeezed them together and cooed in anticipation. I held my cock in my fist and stroked once…twice. 

My hot, wet sticky load landed with a splat between Maggie’s magnificent cleavage. I shot two more loads, coating Maggie’s tits, bra and chest. She took my cock into her mouth again and greedily sucked out the last, lingering drops of my seed.

“Mmmm,” she said while she smiled up at me. “Now, that was much better than any dinner would have been.” 

I startled Maggie by picking her up in my arms. I walked over to the bed, and she squealed with delight as I threw her down onto it. She started to wriggle out of her skirt as I pulled the remainder of my clothes off as fast as I could. She dropped her skirt onto the floor, and I got my first glimpse of her perfectly shaved snatch. She reached behind herself to unhook her bra. The lacey, cum soaked material slid away from her chest to reveal her very ample breasts. Her nipples were already stiff, and she moaned softly as her hands lightly brushed against them.

As I surveyed the curves of Maggie’s body, my cock began to grow again. By the time my face was between her legs, I was completely erect. My tongue licked her cunt from top to bottom. She was already wet, and I savored the taste of her sweet juices.

“Yeauuuuhhhh,” she tried to speak, but her words came out as a moan as I started to flick my tongue across her swollen clit.

“Oh…… God….uhhhh. Oh YES,” she stammered. “Eat my pussy, Brad. Just like that, baby.” I sucked her clit into my mouth sucking for all I was worth. I wanted to do for her what she had done for me. Maggie had her legs draped over my shoulders, and she began to grind her cunt against my face as I brought her closer and closer to where she wanted to be. Her hips pushed forward as an explosion of her juices hit me in the face. She sighed heavily as her orgasm subsided. My tongue lapped up the cum that did not coat my face. She sighed dreamily as I licked her clean.

My cock was still hard as a rock. I climbed up onto the bed with Maggie and straddled her; my cock dangling inches from her hot pussy.

“Maggie,” I said, “you always make me so hard. I’ve wanted to do this for so long.”

“What are you going to do to me, baby?” she asked with a smile. “Tell me what you’re going to do, bad boy.”

My cock ached to be inside of her. I probably wouldn’t last for more than a few seconds before cumming. I prayed that I wouldn’t disappoint her.

“I’m going to shove my hard cock inside of you, and pound your pussy until I fill you up with my seed.”

Maggie’s eyes gleamed in anticipation and a wide grim spread across her face. “Fuck me baby. Give it to me hard.”

Never being one to break a promise to a woman, I shoved my cock inside of her, spreading her pussy lips wide. Maggie wrapped her legs around my waist, and I held her soft, tight ass as I pumped my cock in and out of her. I started slowly, then faster and harder. With each thrust, all 8 rock solid inches of my dick entered her. Her pussy was surprisingly tight, and it held onto my manhood like a vice. Maggie moaned as her sharp fingernails dug into the flesh on my back. She screamed as I plunged into her again and again. 

“You like this, don’t you,” I asked. “You love having a hot hard cock pound the hell out of your pussy, don’t you?”

“Oh…uhhh..Oh God, yes! Fuck me, Brad. I’m going to cum…any seco..uhhhh! Any second.”

Maggie bucked underneath me, and I felt her juices flood her cunt. Her nails dug into me as she came. Her pussy still held onto me tight, and my balls ached to release their load. I had lasted much longer than I thought I would. With a groan, my hot, wet load filled Maggie’s pussy and mixed with her own juices. I groaned as my seed shot from my cock like bullets.

I collapsed on top of her, and she wrapped her arms around me. Her pussy continued to hold on tightly to my now wilting cock. I stared into Maggie’s big, brown eyes. She smiled up at me as she grabbed my face and pulled down to hers. She hungrily kissed me. We both moaned as our tongues teased each other. I looked into her eyes again and smiled at her.

“You were right,” I said. “That WAS better than any dinner would have been.”