 Welcome back everyone. My name is Vincent. This is the on-going story of how I met my wife Maxi and about some of the struggles we both experienced to make our relationship work. For me, it was about trusting women. For my Maxi, it was about making peace with her grief over her dead husband and getting her to enjoy sex again. Since my first erotic experience with Maxi, which I covered in part 1, we've taken more steps towards a totally fulfilling sexual relationship. Through this experience with Maxi, I learned that the enjoyment of sex isn't in the orgasm or in the triumph of winning over a women in bed. It's the journey that gets you to that bed and to that orgasm. And, most importantly, for me as a man, it's about getting your lover to enjoy sex with you and to achieve not just orgasm, but a state of heightened sexual arousal and climax such that nothing else going on around you in the outside world matters. It's just you and her. And it makes you want more.

Today, I'd like to recount for you the second step in my evolving sexual relationship with Maxi. You might recall from Part 1 that Maxi was seeing a therapist to help her with her sexual inhibitions due to the tragic loss of her late husband. He recommended what he called sexual "baby steps." Well, go grab a beer, make yourself comfortable, and I'll tell you about step 2.

My life with Maxi soon morphed into a committed relationship. While at this stage we had not yet moved in together, we were spending most of our non-work time together. We would eat dinner and stay over either her place or mine at least three nights a week and weekends. It wasn't long during that time that Maxi took her first step toward getting her libido back in shape by giving me the most erotic massage imaginable. About three days after our first erotic encounter, I decided to take the plunge and try to get the sex train moving again and to get Maxi to take another baby step.

During the times with Maxi when I was so horny I had to jerk myself off like a randy teenager, I often fantasized about making her come. The thought of Maxi writhing in ecstasy and screaming, as wave after wave of orgasmic contractions hit her, always put me over the edge. This obsession with making Maxi come, was so great, I decided to delay attempts at my own gratification and focus on giving Maxi pleasure. To watch her face while she loses herself in her buried erotic passions, when she can forget about everything else and just concentrate on letting herself go. To see her eyes roll back in her head when the first wave of passion hits; to hear her moan sweetly when the next wave overcomes her; and finally, to feel her pull against my body and scream when she can hold back no more, and the final phases of passion wash through her body from her warm and wet pussy, rocketing up through her nipples, and down through her legs. So, my plan to get Maxi to take another step was essentially to employ the same technique she used on me...massage. Only this time I was going to turn the tables on her...She was going to get a hot massage from me.

I was always a big reader and fan of erotic literature websites. Several months ago, I came across a story about a massage technique called a "chair massage." Instead of laying down in the traditional massage position on a bed or a table, the person getting the massage sits in a chair, facing away from the masseuse and with their front facing the back of the chair. You're probably wondering how massaging someone in a chair is going to be in any way erotic. Hang with me. The story is worth it. But how was I going to set the mood and get Maxi into the chair?

On the evening of the chair massage, our plan was to have dinner together at Maxi's apartment. On my way home from work, I stopped off at the liquor store in town to pick up a small bottle of champagne. Earlier in the day I called Maxi and told her that this evening we would toast her achievement of having taken her first sexual baby step. Several days before, I stopped off at the mall, and bought her something special to go with the occasion. I left it on the bed after she left for work that morning in the hopes that she would get the hint and have it on as I walked in through the door that evening. It wasn't much, just a black thong and stiletto sandals. I have been thinking about her in that little outfit all week, and it's been driving me crazy. You see, before I met Maxi, I was never what you would call "an ass man." But she converted me to the cult of the posterior (her posterior) like a proselytizing religious fanatic. My first thought when I saw her from behind was "How can anyone think there is no God after seeing an ass like that!" Maxi's butt in a thong is the sexiest thing imaginable. It's round and firm and it is big...just the way I like it. When she walks, especially in heels, her swaying ass hypnotizes me.

I had been thinking about her sexy ass in that thong the whole ride home. And it was difficult driving with the straining hardon in my pants. When I pulled into the driveway, I noticed that Maxi's apartment was dark. I let myself in with the key Maxi gave me. I noticed the light of flickering candles from the bedroom. I made my way to the bedroom, and there was Maxi waiting for me. And, yes, she got the hint and put the outfit on. Wow! Her ass in that thong just kept screaming at me, "Pound me baby." Aside from her ass, Maxi has the most delicious legs, especially when she's wearing heels. They are not thin and spindly, but muscular and firm, yet with the delicate curves you expect to see on a sexy woman.

You're probably thinking that there's an article of clothing missing. A top, right? Wrong. Nothing is missing. When I fantasize about Maxi, I think of her with the thong and sandals, and that's it. See, even though she made me the ass man that I've become, Maxi has the most incredibly delicious, pendulous, and sensuous D-cups that a husband has a right to even dream about. Yes, they hang a little as you would expect for a women in her mid-forties. But to me, they're just right, and part of what makes her my Maxi MILF. No plastic; all natural. Just the way I like it. And we're not just talking size here. The first time I saw them, they made my mouth water. I nearly came in my pants. The areola on both "girls" are the size of silver-dollars, and are deep and rich. The nipples can get hard and can stand out just like large pencil erasers. Writing this now I wish she were here so that I could lose myself in them. Hot doesn't even begin to describe how horny those breasts make me feel. 

And speaking of religious experiences, I still thank God for the times she obliged me by taking my cock between both her massive breasts. Of course, this was in the future, once Maxi and I got through all of her therapy steps. She would first, very seductively, spread baby oil all over her boobs, and force me to watch while she did it. Then she would lie down on her back and squeeze her breasts together begging me to straddle her chest and fuck her tits. She guided my cock between them, and I pumped furiously, watching the head disappear in their mass, then suddenly reappear at the top again, and ending with a violent spasm and a chord of cum that would explode all over her chest and neck. Wait a minute...this is about Maxi, not me. Back to pleasuring her. I'll tell the rest of that story another time. Let's get back to the chair massage. Oh, one last thing about Maxi's tits...they are an extreme turn-on for her; like an extension of her clit. Just touch the nipples and that sets her off like a fire alarm.

And speaking of setting her off, I led Maxi by the hand over to the bed and kissed her deeply, our tongues dancing around one another, my hands all over her. I pulled her close to me and smelled her sexuality. Its muskiness and eroticism came through her every pore and acted like an aphrodisiac. I kissed her head and inhaled her scent deeply, nibbled on her ears, bit her turned-up nose, and locked on her mouth in a wet passionate tongue filled embrace. All the while my cock was straining in my pants, and my balls were swelling with the juices of life. I then ran my tongue around her ears and down her throat, lingering at the nape of her neck. She squirmed just a tad. Hopefully, this was a sign of things to "come." 

After the champagne had chilled, I popped the cork and poured her a glass. She took in the liquid hungrily. After she finished her first glass, she ran her tongue around her lips in a wet seductive move that would have made a major porn star jealous. Before she sipped her second glass, she dipped her tongue in the glass and gave me a tease of the alcohol in my mouth. After each sip, she did the same thing, making me half intoxicated with the alcohol and half with her.

By this time, she had me mostly undressed, but since tonight was about her, I insisted that she could go no further. With her third glass of champagne poured and in her hand, she pushed me back on the bed, and with each sip, this time, ran her tongue along my chest and tummy. At one point, she poured a dash of champagne from her glass onto my chest, and licked me dry. With one last deep kiss, I asked her to sit back and relax while I resumed my fantasy.

I quickly put a chair in front of our bed, with the back facing forwards, while draping three thick towels over the chair. Why three towels you ask? Keep reading. 

By this time, Maxi had finished her third glass of champagne. Her inhibitions were evaporating and she gave me an erotic stare, her pupils dilated and looking like saucers. 

I gently explained that I wanted her to feel good as a reward for making me come so good when she took her first step and gave me the massage several evenings before. After leading her to the chair and sitting her down, facing the back of the chair, leaning her forehead on the top of the back rest, I knew that she would let me fulfill my fantasy. I sat on the edge of the bed facing her back. With a gentle prodding of my index finger on her chin, and turning her head slightly to the right, I danced over her lips with my tongue, and then let it play with hers. I let our wet lips slide over each other. Our tongues swirled around and around in a dance that itself seemed like a sexual ritual which would eventually end in an explosion of ejaculatory bodily fluids. I gently rubbed her head, taking her hair in between my fingers. There was her scent again. I was having a tough time controlling myself. My tongue ran around her back alternating between kissing and licking. She started to express her pleasure audibly. Most guys would stop here, take their woman by their legs and fulfill their own selfish desires. Not tonight. I would deny myself so that Maxi alone could lose herself in her own ecstasy which I would create for her. And, of course, I wasn't sure if Maxi was ready for an actual fucking. One step at a time.

After pouring a generous amount of massage oil into my hand,s I reached around to her front and gently massaged the outer sides of each breast. Ever so slightly, I glanced over the outer edges of her areola with my finger tips. I lingered there for what seemed like hours. Each time my fingers came near her sensitive darker flesh, she let out a soft, relaxed and controlled moan. With each brush of that sensitive skin, the moans became a bit deeper and less controlled.

With more oil in both hands, I went to the insides of her breasts and massaged that area, still careful to avoid the sensitive nipples. This elicited more moans from Maxi. At one point I heard her say, "Let's reconsider this fantasy. I want your cock now." 

I responded, "No way. I want you to relax and lose yourself. The longer it takes for you to relax, the longer I will leave you hanging for a big come." 

More oil, this time to the bottom of the breasts, still avoiding the now hardened pencil erasers I had alluded to before. More soft moans. I knew she was into it full bore when she said, "Please pinch my nipples." 

"Not now" I whispered." 

"Pleeeease," she pleaded one more time. 

"No. Just lose yourself in my hands." I could have gone on this way forever, but I felt it was a bit unfair to deny my woman the pleasure which by now she was begging for. 

"Oh God, pleeeeease pinch my nipples. I can't take it anymore!" 

And so, my fingers started dancing in her areas of pleasure, first on the ridges of her dark pink flesh, and then, next, ever so slightly, on her nipples. The moaning was coming faster and her pitch higher now. She was beginning to gently and slowly rock back and forth, letting the ridges of the three towels on the seat of the chair rub against the thong. (Now you know why I put three towels down.) 

"I can feel it in my pussy. It's like your cock is inside me" she said. She could feel her clit and her g-spot begin to swell and it was like her nipples had an electrical connection to those parts of her pussy, with each touch causing her to quiver. This will sound heartless, but at this point, I stood up and asked her to do the same. 

"What are you doing?" she asked almost indignantly. "I was so close to coming, and you stopped. Fuck!" 

"Not to worry love. I will get you there, I promise." 

After kissing her deeply and tenderly for several minutes, she begged me to bring her back to the brink. So, I started to remove her thong. 

Once again, she said, "Please let me have your cock." 

Apparently she was ready for a good fucking. But to be fair, since I didn't want to take advantage of her in her inebriated state, I continued with the massage. Let me tell you, that was tough!

"Remember what I said before," I reminded her. The more you beg,the longer I will make you wait to come."

I think the poor girl was so worked up and horny, if I had even rubbed my leg against her pussy she would have exploded in ecstasy. I then removed her sandals by unbuckling the straps at her ankles and giving her feet a little soft tickle.

With that lost look of wonder and expectation on her face, I sat her down again, this time in the opposite direction, facing me, with her back resting on the back of the chair. Asking her to sit back, I placed a cushion behind her for comfort and told her to put her arms at her sides and just let them hang. I then brought my attention back to her now completely oiled up jugs. The sight of oil on those beautiful breasts glistening against the glow of a candle was almost too much for me to bear. 

No teasing anymore. With more oil I took both globes in my hands and rubbed them vigorously all over, squeezing both breasts together as I made circling motions with my hands. And each time my thumb and index finger passed over her rock hard nipples, I gave them both a gentle tug. She resumed her rocking now, and with the thong gone, there was no question but that she was helping herself to the towel ridges from the three towels, nearly humping the chair in a slightly rhythmic dance, an almost impossible effort to get the towel ridges into her wet and blood engorged inner pussy lips just as if they were a cock. With the down stroke of each of her hip movements on the chair, the towels started inching inside her outer folds. Softly, I put my mouth first on her left breast, then on her right. The massage oil and her scent made it even more difficult to forget myself and concentrate on her pleasure. I let my tongue explore the ridges on each areola, circling them around and around. Then I squeezed both breasts together and put both nipples in my mouth at the same time. I let my front teeth gently linger and pulled ever so slightly, first one, then the other and then back again. She then instinctively threw her legs up and braced her feet on the bed in front of her. She grasped the bottom of her chair with both hands, her knuckles turning white from hanging on, hips undulating wildly as if she were being fucked by a big invisible cock. It was a real turn on, almost like watching Maxi getting fucked by an invisible man. This went on for quite some time...the rubbing, the sucking, and the rocking movement of her hips and backside in a feeble attempt to get some friction going in her pussy from the towels. From the looks and sounds of it, I think she was imagining that she had a big cock in her pussy, pumping at 300 rpms like the cylinder head of a hot car engine. 

She moved her legs higher, placing her feet on my biceps. With her legs up, I could see that her ass was getting the benefit of some of those towel ridges too, and that was multiplying the frenzy that was building up in her middle. Her legs repositioned now, her feet were pressing against my arms while still getting fucked by the towel ridges. I continued to vigorously play with her nipples. She continued to rock back and forth, her eyes closed and her head thrown back in ecstasy.

It was right around this time that she said, "Oh Gaaawd Vinny, I'm coming so fucking good, and it's starting off sooo slow. It feels so fucking good. What are you doing to me?" 

Once it started, I knew she was in the throes of either one humongous orgasm, or a string of smaller pleasure waves that got deeper and deeper as my hands and tongue played with her tits, and the towel ridges assaulted her clit and the outer edges of her sopping wet pussy. I looked down at the towel that she was riding, which had bunched up by now, and could see the droplets of her own sex. With her ass slightly elevated and at an angle, I could actually see her pussy lips quivering. As I focused all of my attention on her nipples, alternately tugging and rubbing, tugging and rubbing, she threw her head back and ran her fingers first through her hair, and then she scratched at her thighs. 

"God, I don't know what to do. It's lasting so fucking long!" 

With her eyes closed, I continued the rubbing and tugging, rubbing and tugging. She continued rubbing her clit against the towel, this time rocking faster and harder. With her rocking back and forth and each of my tugs and rubs on her nipples, she threw her head back once again and moaned again deeply. 

Finally, as her orgasm was nearing its apex, she stiffened, grabbed me by my neck, and shouted, "It feels so fucking good Vinny, I can't take it. Oh God I'm coming so hard. Vinny. Vinny. Yes, keep pinching, pleeease don't stop! That's it." 

The ridges of the towels had somehow actually managed to work their way up into her pussy opening. Some of the ridges were locked on to her clit, and each movement forced those ridges to bunch up more. There was a final series of "Yes Vinny. Yes. Yes!" Then. "Fuuuuuuck. Ohhhhhh Fucking Vinny. Yeaaahhh!" 

After that she seemed to go limp. Finally, she came back to life, took a deep breath, put her legs down, and slid back in the chair completely spent with her pleasure, intoxicated with both the champagne and the intensity of her orgasm. I picked Maxi up and put her on the bed. It was then that I noticed that her pussy was beet red, rubbed raw by the friction of the towels. 

She looked at me with a contented smile and said, "You are too good to me." 

"Just for you, Maxi" I replied. "Just for you."

"What am I going to do to make you feel better?"

"Don't worry about me," I told her. "Watching you come was more than enough for me...For now."

Maxi closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep after I covered her with a blanket.

Okay. Now I know all you guys out there are thinking, "That's it? What about you?" Yes, I will admit that at that moment my balls felt like they were going to explode. But remember what I said at the end of part 1. Patience. Good things come to he who waits. And something good happened to me later that night that made the waiting worthwhile once again. But for that, you'll have to wait for part 3 to hear about it.