 My sexual mentor's instructions were clear: Today. I want you to not use the word no. In any sense. I want you to write on a card or a piece of paper. "Today - I do not know the word no... ask for anything"...and thus my 48 hour performance commenced. 

My escapes to Bermuda have never failed to be less than extraordinary...an exquisite landscape coupled with a unique and sophisticated collection of people. This short visit, I stayed at the Fairmont Princess...as elegant and refined a property as one could imagine...a target rich environment for an aggressive slut whose confidence, body language, dress and attitude conveyed a simple message...I am here for cock and lots of it! 

As I flew from Florida, I could not ignore the tell tale signs...the anxiousness, rapid palpations, the dilation and moistening of my pussy...a mental hunger ready to consume me...and it did. Over the next 48 hours I took raw cock from 11 men, was pumped full of cum 16 times, and swallowed the piss of 4. 

I arrived just before dust...and while modest by most standard, my True Religion ultra low super skinnys, Jimmy Choo 5.5 pumps and my sheer white linen blouse...single button tied high, just below tits, drew immediate stares of lust, disgust and curiosity. 

I wasted no time in quenching 5 hours of flight time devouring the young black Bermudian who delivered my luggage...as he dropped my luggage...I cornered him against the wall...placing my hand on his crouch..."I need something else" I quivered as I felt his thick cock harden...and in 30 seconds I was back to my street slut days...quickly his cock was in my throat, sloppy wet, with strands of spit connecting us...the crude "quacks" as he faced fucked me and jammed his Cock deep into my throat...choking gagging and rewarding his efforts with an ever thickening mass of throat discharge...covering my face, as well as his shaft and balls. 

I worked his dick until it was beet red...I could feel the pulse of his Cock increase and his thrust become sporadic but with increased intensity...and soon...he unloaded in my throat bucking without control, and firing ribbon after ribbon of his thick sperm...ballooning my cheeks...hot and deliciously salty sweet..." oh so fucking good"... I mumbled with a full mouthful of cum...and then swallowed, licking my lips to capture it all...6 minutes

As he nervously adjusted himself..."tell everyone I m looking" I begged. 

...the delicious aftertaste of semen lingered in my mouth as I dressed for the evening...little black bodycon dress, sheer thigh highs, My Louboutin So Kate's, and a demure but suggestive leather choker necklace. My destination, the lobby bar...always in past visits an interesting collection of people...and this night proved no different.

I was the only single woman this night as I took a seat at the bar, and enjoyed a Macallan scotch...part temptress, or part hooker...the seduction process had begun...and I loved it. 

...the usual series of awkward but refined approaches, some curious, and some genuinely just wanting to talk. A couple of Macallans later three men surrounded me. In their 40s, financial analysts from a major bank...we seemed to all click from the start...and over our 45 minutes, my touching, openness and body language allowed the sexual barriers to be lowered. I decided it was time.

"I need to run upstairs for a telephone call, why don't you all come up in 20 minutes?" 

...and with a seductive smile I departed. I felt myself falling into slut mode...a transformation that extinguishes cautions and limits, and ignites an addiction not possible to control. I crave it.

My heart raced as I entered my room...I removed my dress with the intent to curtail more conversation...naked sans thigh highs, heels...now nothing more than a slut junkie needing a fix...and then the knock on the door.

For the next two hours, no words were spoken...and the initial uneasiness was quickly replaced with hard cocks interested only in exploring my warm intimacies. 

Immediately I was on my knees, encircled by 3 men I had known for less than an hour, spitting on and jerking their cocks as a preface to taking them in my mouth...I accommodated their average sizes, throating them each to their base... they held my head tight against them until my air was gone and reflexes took over...gasping, slobbering, spitting and eyes now streaming tears down my cheeks. Now three rock hard cocks dripping with and sheathed in my spit

The intensity increases as my guests realize their are no rules, and I'm a woman who becomes intoxicated with animal lust the harder I'm used...now my head over the edge of the bed as the line forms to pile drive my throat...my head straddled, fucking my face...my hands around their legs, as their cocks bottom deep in my throat...crude sounds of my anatomy reacting to the continuing onslaught...the perfect make up now ruined, running, and washed in my throats reflexive discharge...I'm being degraded...and I am on fire.

My pussy is dilated, wet...clear evidence of my total engagement...I place a pillow under my ass and spread my legs wide...my eyes connect with each, the message undeniable...an then the first enters me...and I cum hard instantly, shuddering, shaking, snarling, spitting' moaning and begging...I'm owned now by their cocks.

I'm used continually, constantly in rotation, each man unique in feel, technique and persona...the juxtaposition of being with unknown men yet sharing the most intimate desires, secrets...exposing everything...heightens my lust. The sex is basic, simple...but this night perfect...one woman on her back taking strange cock...arms and legs wrapped around each stranger, tongues interlaced in a uncivilized exchange of fluids...

As our time nears 2 hours, each enters me one last time...

I whisper a series of words generated directly from my libido...a free flow of conscious... driven by hunger, pleasure, need...the signs are clear...each on the edge...and I push them over...begging for their cum, needing to be filled, wanting to b be washed in their semen...wanting their ultimate pleasure while inside me...

And each releases, pumping me full, ribbons of hot sperm taken deeply, a blend of three, filling my insides...I bask in the warmth, the sensory overload... and the situation.

And then it is over, the intimacy, now awkwardness, their needs fulfilled...quick thank "you's", parting kisses and their gone, never to be seen again.

I lay quietly on the bed...a sheen of sweat, the feel of their sperm escaping from me...absorbed in a retrospect of feelings, sensations, tastes...and yes afterglow...I have a personal cry...an emotional release of the events...I truly am an addicted slut and glad to be...it's just too good.

I reflect for perhaps 15 minutes...relaxed, at peace, temporarily sated...I'm aware that someone is at the door...and the sound of a noted being pushed through into the room...