 It all started the day I met her. She was a sexy 23 year-old blonde college student in the Midwest. Sure I met her online and talked to her countless hours on the phone, but what happened was beyond my wildest dreams.

As I approached Marisa’s door, I could feel the nervousness coursing through my body. I was shy, but had already shared my deepest darkest desires with her and her with me. When I summoned up enough courage to finally knock, I was paralyzed. When she opened the door and my eyes came into contact with her gorgeous face, I almost fainted. She was incredible. 

She did her best to make me feel comfortable. She acted as if we had known each other for years and the more we talked, the less nervous I became. I couldn’t help but think back to all the fantasies we shared with each other while chatting to the wee hours of the morning. There was a sexual chemistry between us. I was flashing back to our conversations, which usually ended with both of us masturbating while listening to each other. Sitting there I fantasized about out latest phone encounter. We talked about watching each other masturbate inches from each other. I could feel my cock begin to stir in my pants. I think Marisa sensed it too as her eyes seemed to be glued to the growing bulge in my pants.

As Marisa sat across from me I couldn’t help but notice her long legs through the slit in her skirt. Her phone rang as she stood to get up to answer it. I saw the greatest ass I have ever seen enter my line of view as she turned away from me. While she was on the phone, I reached down and gave my cock a squeeze. When I looked back up, I could see her looking directly at me. I couldn’t believe it…I was caught. She gave me a sly smile and told the person on the phone that she had to go. With that she hung up the phone and sat right next to me. 

She asked me what I was doing while she was on the phone. I told her I had to readjust myself. Marisa laughed and said it looked more exciting than that! I told her that it wasn’t my fault, that she had some sort of power over me. When she smiled at me, I knew what I had to do. I leaned in closely and softly pressed my lips against hers. She let out a soft sigh. Gently I took her face into my hands as I slowly parted by lips and used my tongue to draw circles on her lips. Her mouth slightly opened and I slid my tongue into her mouth and let it dance against hers. 

I pushed her back against the couch and climbed on top of her. Kissing my way over her face, her chin and her neck. She let out a soft moan. I worked my way down her body and removed her shirt. I sat back and caught my breath when I saw her lying there in a white lace bra, which did little to hide her perfectly sized 34 B breasts. Once again I continued to slide down her body, pausing to start kissing and licking her tummy, making sure to flick my tongue inside her belly button.

She pushed me up and began kissing my mouth and slid my t-shirt over my head. She began kissing down my body and flicking her tongue over my nipples and gently biting them. I stood her up and turned her back to me as I unzipped her skirt and slid it down off of her.

As I looked back up, my eyes were staring directly at the most prefect ass any guy had come into contact with. Her skin looked so soft and inviting while she stood there in a white thong. I leaned in and placed kisses on each cheek and softly bit them. Turning her around I got to look at her standing there and she was the most gorgeous woman on earth.

She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra and slowly slid the straps off of each shoulder. Her hands moved back in front and she cupped each of her tits in her hands. I sat there in anticipation as she removed her bra and I laid my eyes on her gorgeous tits. She leaned over and offered them to me and I began to lick, suck, and bite on her hardening nipples while slipping my hand between her legs and starting to rub her panty covered crotch. Marisa began to rock her hips against my hand as I rubbed my thumb against her clit as I continued to lick and suck on her nipples.

Marisa pulled my head away from her breast and took my hand and led me over to her bed. She kneeled down in front of me and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and slid them down my legs then helped me as I stepped out of them. She began to kiss my stomach and run her tongue down towards my boxers while looking me in the eyes. Her hands began to rub my hard cock through the thin cotton material feeling every inch of it. She placed her hands over my ass and squeezed each cheek roughly in her hands. Looking me in the eye Marisa placed her hands over the elastic waistband and slid my boxers down to the floor causing my cock to spring free and bounce up and down in front of her lovely face. Marisa smiled up at me and licked her lips as she slowly extended her tongue and touched the head of my throbbing cock.

Standing before her, I ran my fingers through her hair as she began to lick and kiss my hard cock. Marisa was a fantastic cocksucker. My knees got weak as she bobbed her head up and down, taking the entire length of my cock in her mouth. She looked up at me as I began to rock my hips in time with her head movements. I told Marisa it felt wonderful and she moaned. I asked Marisa “do you like sucking my fat cock?” and she told me with her eyes that she did. I told her to “keep sucking my cock like a good slut” and that caused her to moan again. She liked me talking dirty to her.

She pushed me down onto her bed and lay down between my thighs as my cock pulsated in front of her drenched in her saliva. She then started to lick and suck on my balls as I took my cock in my hand and started to stroke it up and down. “Do you like licking my balls?” and she said “I love it, treat me like your little slut!” 

I maneuvered her in a position where I could slide my fingers into her panties and inside her hot, wet pussy. I slid two fingers into her and began to finger fuck her tight little pussy as she once again began to suck my hard cock into her mouth. Thrusting my index and middle finger into her hot little box and using my thumb to run her clit hard had her moaning all over my cock. “Does that feel good my little slut?” I asked her and her response was “mmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmmm”. She began to deep throat my cock causing me to moan. I began to feel that familiar tingle deep inside my balls and had to pull her off of me before I erupted into her mouth.

Marisa seemed disappointed, but it was short lived as I kissed her on the mouth and told her I wanted to eat her wet pussy. I knew from previous conversations that she loved having men go down on her, but she felt it was something special and she would have to trust the guy. I was fully expecting her to say no, but I was thrilled when she said “Oh god yes, eat me! Eat my hot little pussy, fuck me with your tongue.” I crawled between her thighs and began to lick, suck and nibble all the way down her right leg until I got to just an inch above her panty cover pussy. I then began to kiss, lick and bite my way down her left leg until I once again came upon the same spot. As I sat there, I knew she could feel my warm breath on her clit and I could see that she was soaking wet judging by the spot on her panties. I leaned down and placed a soft kiss on her silk covered clit cause her to wrap her legs around my head. I slid her panties out of the way with my fingers and began to plant kissed on her clit and down the lips of her shaven pussy tasting her juices that were running out. Her pussy tasted wonderful.

I took her clit into my mouth and began to suck on it. I extended my tongue and flicked it over her clit over and over again as I kept he clit between my lips. She began to fuck my face with her pussy as I slid my tongue inside of her. Her hands grabbed onto my hair and pulled as she locked my head in place with her legs and mashed her pussy on my face. My hands squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples as I continued to give her pussy the best tongue fuck of her life. I could look up and see the ecstasy on her face. 

My goal was clear. I wanted to make her cum. I had to make her cum. I knew she was close but I knew I needed to make this memorable. I pulled myself away even though I knew she didn’t want me to and I turned her onto her hands and knees and removed her panties. I once again began to suck her clit and started to finger fuck her. As I slid my fingers in and out of her, faster and faster, my thumb once again played with her clit, rubbing it raw. I began to nibble on her gorgeous ass cheeks. I began to run my tongue over her cheeks as my fingers probed deeper and deeper into her hot hole. Then to her surprise I licked her asshole which cause her to say “Oh God yes! Eat my ass!!! Fuck my pussy and eat my ass.” I managed to slide my tongue into her tight ass and tongue fucked her ass as I finger fucked her pussy.

She was moaning telling me she was about to cum. This only encouraged me more as I replaced my tongue with a finger and began to finger fuck her ass and her pussy at the same time. “I want you to cum for me Marisa, I want you to cum like the slut that you are. Can u feel my fingers penetrating deep inside of you? Do you want to cum for me?”. With those words she let out a loud moan and told me she was about to cum. “Make me cum! Oh yes, make my cum. Oh God yes!!!!!!!!!” That did the trick as she began to fuck herself back on my hands and let out a loud roar as she drenched my fingers in her sweet nectar, which I greedily sucked off my fingers. While she lay there recovering from her orgasm, I held her in my arms and kissed her lips. Her hands began to roam my body and wrapped around my hard cock. She gave it a few long slow strokes as she caught her breath. She then rolled me over and climbed on top of me and began to kiss my lips as she rubbed her wet pussy back and forth over my hard cock. 

Marisa reached behind her and grabbed a hold of my pulsating rod and placed it at the entrance of her soft, wet pussy. Needing no further encouragement I thrust upward and was inside of her. She began to rock back and forth placing kisses over my face as I held her close. I began to thrust into her and she told me to “Stop, its my turn to make you cum.” 

She bounced up and down on my stiff pole coating it with her juices. I sat up and began to bite her nipples. “Do you like my tight, wet, little pussy?” she asked and I answered “Oh yes baby, I fucking love the way your pussy feels sliding up and down my cock.” She picked up the pace and was bouncing on my cock faster and faster. I held her ass in my hands and squeezed them as she rode me. “Spank my ass!” she said. “I’m a naughty girl, spank me. I said spank me! I fucking love it”. I began to spank her softly when she said “Are you fucking listening? Spank me like a man.” I began to smack her harder and harder causing her to moan and leaving (as I would soon find out) red marks all over her cheeks.

I couldn’t stand not being able to move any longer and pushed her off of me and rolled her onto her hands and knees and thrust my cock deep inside her canal. I began to pound her pussy with all I had filling her with the entire length of my cock. She could feel my balls slap against her clit as I fucked her hard. Thrusting in and out, in and out, over and over again. I grabbed her hair and pulled on it and started whispering in her ear. “Can you feel my cum filled balls slapping against your clit? Do you like how my cock feels filling up your tight pussy my little slut? Do you want me to cum for you?”

Marisa responded, “Oh God yes, cum for me! Give me all of it. I want to cum on me! I want to see it shooting all over me!” I could feel myself getting close, it was only a matter of time before I erupted. I took my right and hand and suck my fingers into Marisa’s mouth, which she greedily sucked and licked on. After it was good and wet I put my thumb onto Marisa’s asshole and slowly penetrated it. I could tell from the moan that she loved it. She started to shake and I knew she was cumming. I wiggled my thumb inside her asshole and she came all over my hard cock. She fell over and I knew I was about to cum so I pulled out quickly and rolled her over. 

I told her I was about to cum. Even though she had already came twice, her left hand dove down to her now thoroughly abused pussy and began to finger herself. “Give it to me!!! I want it all over me” she said. She took her right hand and tickled my balls to make me shoot it all over her sexy, sweaty body. My hand stroked up and down my engorged cock as Marisa stared at the head, she could see the precum trickle out of the head and fall onto her skin. She let out a whimper. My hand flew up and down over my well-coated pole as I looked at her lovely face. She gave my balls a gentle squeeze and that pushed me over the edge. My balls began to tingle and I could feel my cum rushing out of my balls and up my shaft. My cock throbbed as I tried to fight off the onrush of my blast. 

With Marisa staring at my shaft, rubbing her pussy and playing with my balls, I erupted. The first blast of my hot, thick, creamy white spunk flew over Marisa’s body and onto the sheets and pillows on her bed. The second blast landed on her tummy and pooled up in her belly button, the third landed on her tits and covered her left nipple. The fourth landed between her breasts and on her neck. The next one landed next to her face with some being caught in her hair. The rest of my load dribbled onto her arm as she was totally engrossed in the mess I made of her perfect body. 

My hot, sweaty, spent body fell over next to her as she fingered herself to another orgasm as we kissed.