 It was a lonely day at work. The only good thing was the large hard rain drops that feel on the streets before my shop. It helped hid the sun that normally gave me a migraine mid day.

I had measured Anthony Krepus weeks ago and found this good looking customer interesting then. Instead of the normal procedure of musing and ordering we had conversation too. And possible flirting on both our parts. he was a groomsmen in his sisters wedding, a big Greek affair. I remember clearly how much of a Greek god he looked like. Tall and muscular his dark skin shown like a human Ares. He had large deep brown eyes and long eye lashes. A business man, he worked for the cities largest bank as a translator of Italian and Romanian.

Told you we had conversation.

The best thing I remembered him for was that long torso that ended in a nice package front and beautiful ass.

Not that I remember details or anything.

So on this rainy day I was enjoying a few moments of guilty pleasure Livejournal, blogging about my day when I herd the noise.

DING

I rushed out front to greet my customer, Mr.Krepus. He greeted me with a smile and a look over. I was very glad I wore shorter skirt and clingy top. My stilettos added an extra 3 inches to my legs and a patently he notice.

"Hello Alexis." He greeted me. I pulled his suit from the back and brought it out front for him to try on. After I rang him up he followed me to the dressing room. "No offense, but I'd like the larger one."

"Very well." I agreed with a smile. I opened the handicapped dressing room, complete with large bench, and started to hang up the suit for him. He shut the door behind us. As I turned around he took my hand to his chest.

"You made this heart beat faster and faster ever since I saw you." He leaned closer drawing his other hand to my face. "You are a true beauty Alexandra." And then he kissed my lips softly. I was in shock, this handsome man was kissing me. He gently wrapped his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. I lost myself to his genital lips. His hands curled around my ass and I pressed myself ageist him as he kissed my neck. I could feel my heart beating out of my chest and my breath taking away. We kissed again and I slowly started to unbutton his shirt, he was so genital with his kisses. As I removed it I looked over his chest, amazed by the sculpted abs that the gods themselves had hand crafted. I felt like a virgin suddenly as I looked at the bulge in his pants. He kissed my forehead and removed my shirt over my head. We moved to lay on the large bench, he laying me down gently and rising above me. He kissed a line from my lips, down my neck and shoulders, down my chest, biting at my bell button, which I giggled at, and finally to the line of my skirt. I drew him closer to me and kissed his lips tenderly now, full of passion and want.

Was I not Venus herself? A remake of the Roman Goddess of love? I felt her power through my bones. My fingers went through his hair and held his face, memorizing the texture of it. The kiss continued, the mingling of lips, every few times taking a breath of air only to return to the kiss. Slowly he opened his mouth and tested mine, his tongue inserted, wrapping around mine, I offered mine to slide into him and then a fire was somewhere lit between us. His hands ran over the curves of my body, then underneath and behind me to unsnap my bra. I let it lose and slid it off of me. His hands rubbed my breasts, tweaking at the nipples. He kissed me again, taking a nibble at my lips, his fingers playing with my now hard nipples. I arched my body towards him, begging almost for his touch, his warmth. He tugged at my skirt and pulled it off and I was suddenly glad I had shaved this morning. His one hand continued to squeeze my breast while the other traced the line of my lacy thong. His kiss changed now, less soft and now more demanding, more power had been poured to the kiss. My body responded to it, kissing back with force. I sucked on his tongue and I heard a low growl come across his mouth. Both his hands now moved down to my thong, his fingers running under the soft fabric. He kissed my neck, nuzzling too. 

My hands had somehow wandered to rubbing his ass, I now moved them under his pants to find no boxer/brief line. He leaned away from me and I whimpered, he smiled and removed his pants, showing he was commando. He was at full attention now as he stood naked before me, a beautiful Greek god. My eyes lingered over every detail of his body, from the top of his dark hair and his dark eyes, down his fantastic torso with the line of dark hair that brought me to his god like appendage, down his crafted thighs and to his cute toes. He was a sight to behold. He knelt on the bench before me and hocked his fingers on my thong and started to slowly remove it. As he slipped a leg out he pressed his fingers near my wet pussy lips. I already knew I was damp for him and slowly my body unfolded for him, spilling my juices at his simple touch. He slipped a finger up to test me and it seemed his large finger filled me already. He took out his finger and licked it, and it was so erotic to me that I let out a moan and my hips bucked. He chuckled and used my hands to rub his large cock. Precum was already slipping out and I place a finger over to take some of it. I then licked my finger and pulled him close by his hair. Without saying a word he took himself in his hands and guided his head to my entrance and gently pushed forward.

"God" He whispered breaking the silent. "You feel so good, so tight, so wet." He slid himself in to my wet enclosure till he couldn't push anymore. He withdrew and raised my body to his. He pushed him self in again, harder, holding me up, kissing my neck. I wrapped my legs around him, holding our bodies together tight. He slid my body up and down on his cock as he kissed and nibbled on my neck. Each time he found my end he pushed further and further. I tossed my head back and screamed his name a laud many times, tightening my muscles around him. We kissed again, his tongue plunging down my throat, and my fingers dug into his back and I pressed more of my body into his. We continued to grind hips and tie our tongues together and I felt the pressure building in my body. I tried to move faster and harder on his but his large hands slowed down my attempts.

"More" I whispered ageist his lips. He smiled and let me lose. He guided me to lie back, him still attached in me. It was an amazing sensation to me and I gasped at the pressure he put on my body. As I rested on my back he raised my legs to his shoulders and smiled down at me. He with drew and plunged deep into my body, bringing us hip to hip. I can't remember if I screamed or not because he withdrew and did it again and again in such raped motion. He stabbed me over and over again with his throbbing penis that it brought me over my edge into a world of fire and light. The orgasm that shook my body blinded me, all I felt was him plunging into me again and again as if he was pressing into my soul. I let out a scream that resembling calling his name as a divine god and summing god himself. I felt the universe spin into my body and yet out of this world. I was gasping for breath as I came back to this world, my body still screaming for joy, every nerve firing off at once, my body being one pulse. He chuckled and slowed down.

"Is it safe?" He asked. For a moment I had no idea what he was speaking of and then I realized he was asking if I was on the pill or not. I nodded and he started rapidly pushing and pulling himself in and out, he was nothing but a blur of speed. He hit a button somewhere in me, and he brought me again and again, my whole body screaming and pulsating with his. He kissed me and let out a large yell into my lips and mouth and I felt him stay deep within me, my body pumping around him. At some point my legs were licked around his hips like a vice now and my arms had slid around his body. As our bodies throbbed around each other we held onto one another, one large throbbing creation. I gasped a few times as he's kiss my shoulder or neck gently. I nuzzled him softly.

As the orgasms stopped we let go of one another. Soon I dressed again, thankful that the bell hadn't gone off. He tried on his tux right there in front of me and I realized that he was so handsome that I wanted to rip it off of him and start this all over again.

"Alexandra, you know you can't do that." he replied without me saying a word. "Maybe you'd attend the wedding with me? Then you could undress me from this tomorrow night." I smiled and pulled my hair up in a bun.

"Sure." I leaned up and kissed him. "But how can I explain that to my boss, a ripped up tux from the same wedding I attended." He hugged me still in the tux.

"No, I said undress me. You Italians are such slobs."

DING

He smiled and patted me head. I left the dressing room and greeted the next customer. They seemed not to notice that I had just come out of some else's dressing room. I set the gentlemen up in a dressing room further away from Anthony's.

"So tomorrow?" He whispered as he went to the exit.

"Pick me up from here. I know the wedding's at 5, I get off at 2." I leaned up and kissed him.

"Good bye till tomorrow." he kissed me back and left.

As I helped the next few customers the phone rand from South Park.

"Hey beautiful." Tyler said from the other end. "I love you and hope your day is well."

FUCK I cursed under my breath. I seemed to have forgotten that I was dating Tyler.