 I slowly began to wake up after a long ten-hour drive from Virginia. When I opened my eyes my heart leapt, for the sun was shining brightly through the hotel room's balcony doors. For some reason the Canadian sun shone brighter than that of the states even though they're the same sun. Maybe it shone brighter because I was finally happy, happy because I'd finally be meeting my Jonathan.

I glanced at the clock on the nightstand beside my head, "eight o'clock, damn. Five full hours before our date," I said out loud. With that I got myself out of bed and decided to head out for breakfast. Since I wasn't planning on meeting anyone just yet, I didn't bother with makeup after I'd washed up. I threw on a pair of black jogging pants, a black fitted shirt, and my flip flops. I glanced at myself in the mirror and said, "Not too bad for being a minimalist today." I grabbed my purse and left my room for the housekeepers to tidy up.

In the elevator my mind began to wander: Six years. Six long years and I'm finally meeting, Mr. Right. I hope it works out well.

When I reached the lobby, the elevator doors quickly flew open revealing a shocking surprise-Jonathan. I was stunned but that didn't stop me from running to him and embracing him the tightest hug I could manage. Still entwined, Jonathan placed his fingers on my chin and lifted my face toward his; he then placed his smooth lips upon mine and gently kissed me causing me to sigh and fall deeply into his strong body.

I unlocked our mouths long enough to say, "What are you..." and then our mouths were again laced. Our tongues twirled inside each other's mouths and our hands explored one another as if we were the only two people in the lobby.

Long after our unusual greeting, Jonathan and I broke apart. I was first to speak, "Jonathan Foote, I presume?" and stretched out my hand for him to shake. "Don't be a smartass. Let's go eat," Jon said through a beautiful smile.

Jon and I walked hand-in-hand down the street to a little café. We chatted and laughed over coffee and bagels. "If the morning is going so well, the afternoon will be even better," I thought. Even after we finished breakfast he and I sat and enjoyed each other's company. I kind of wished that I had made myself a little more presentable, but Jon honestly didn't seem to mind my disheveled appearance. He made that pretty obvious; his hands made their way down to my thighs and he stroked them gently. His touch made my heart pulse and I was getting warm. I had to kiss him. I moved my chair closer to his and looked deeply into his bright blue eyes, and when I could no longer stand the intensity between us I jumped into his lap and kissed him passionately. My hands roamed through his strawberry hair and my lips searched for every kissable spot on his body. He reciprocated by running his soft fingers against my cheeks and kissing the crook of my neck. Just as I felt a stirring below me there was a loud angry cough heard over Jon's shoulder.

"Ahem, I'm going to have to ask you to leave," said a waiter as he scowled at Jon and me.

I removed myself from Jon's lap, grabbed his hand, and led him up the road back to the hotel. I was so aroused that I didn't care that I hadn't yet showered or put on make up; I had to have him. Jon had a different idea; though. When we reached the front door, he turned to me and said, "I'll see you in a few hours." He kissed me softly on the cheek and walked away. "Where are you going?" I called but it was too late; he'd already turned the corner.

"Dammit," I thought. I turned and walked into the hotel to return to my home away from home. I couldn't get Jon out of my mind, nor could I figure out why he'd left me so needy. "Oh well," I thought, "I'll take care of my needs by myself."

Back at my room I looked through my suitcase for the perfect outfit for my evening date with Jon. After about ten minutes of searching I found the outfit, and then I lounged around thinking about what lay ahead for me. Would we go to dinner? Would he introduce me to his family? What would we be doing? Then all of a sudden my thoughts turned to the two hour breakfast I'd just had with Jonathan. I thought about the way his hands felt me and the way his tongue invaded my mouth. With every new thought my body became more sensitive and grew warm. I couldn't stand it; I had to do something about the urges that were overtaking my body.

Instead of getting naked, I decided to put on my silky pink nightgown that fit my body like a glove. I lit a candle, and lay down on the freshly made bed.

My thoughts circled back to the conversations Jonathan and I had during our six year relationship. I remembered the way he talked about his warm moist mouth enveloping my rock hard nipples and his tongue licking the juicy walls of my sex. Oh how those conversations made me want him badly! I thought more and more about him and how his smooth hands touched me on every appropriate spot of my body just the way the silky material of my nighty caressed me now. I moved my hands across my skin which had gotten warm and was now glistening with sweat. I slowly placed my right hand down the low cut front of my gown and massaged my awaiting left breast. My nipple was enlarged and sensitive, and each time I rubbed my hand across it I quivered. My left hand, meanwhile, had begun to pull my nighty up over my thighs, as if by impulse. I seemed to have lost control over my body because before I knew it my left hand was heated with the warmth of my wet, sticky cunt. My middle finger flicked at my engorged nub causing my body to shudder. The sensations I was feeling were unbelievable; there was the feeling of my pussy tightening around my hand, the feeling of my nipples growing hard under the rough touch of my fingers, and the feeling of the silk twirling around my sweaty body. My fingers continued to explore my nether regions never lingering in one spot for too long. As I continued to frivolously rub my soaking wet clit my body was about to run on overdrive. I didn't stop touching myself; my hands roamed around my cunt, through my hair, and against my heaving tits. Then, finally, my body went to the edge of reality; my body tensed, my breathing stopped, my mind drifted. I screamed loudly, "Yes, god, yes!" It was the most intense feeling I'd ever experienced, and I didn't want it to stop, but I knew that I'd have other opportunities to pleasure myself during my stay in Canada.

Following my sexual escapade I realized how late it was getting. I needed to shower and freshen up. I quickly washed my drenched body and hair and then put on my makeup carefully making sure it was perfect. I then pulled on the black bra and panty set that I had lain out and looked at myself in the mirror. "Eh, I could stand to lose a few pounds, but I look pretty damn good." I proceeded to put on my slim black jeans, my black tank top, and my white button-down shirt. All I needed to do was blow out my hair and add my accessories. Just as I was walking to the bathroom there was a knock on the door. I glanced at the clock, it was only 12:30 so who could it be? I opened the door and there stood a young teenage boy holding a long sleek box. "Mrs. Sapp? Mr. Foote asked me to bring this up for you," the young man said. I took the box and told him thank you. I opened the box, and in it was a single long stemmed rose with a card that read, "The rose's beauty is no comparison to your radiance." Flutter, flutter went my heart. I had to hurry and get myself ready so I could return to the warm embrace of Jon's body and heart.

I quickly blew out my hair and put on my black high heeled boots. One last glance in the mirror and I was on my way down to meet my love once again.

For the second time that day the elevator doors opened to Jonathan. He looked amazing. He was wearing khaki pants and a blue button-up shirt. The blue made his eyes sparkle as if they were made of glistening diamonds. It was his turn to embrace me first. 

We broke apart and looked deeply at each other. "You look great, Christine," he said. I blushed and whispered, "thank you."

Jon warmly took my hand and led me outside where he had a car waiting to take us to our destination. Once in the car, Jon's lips and hands were all over me. His tongue explored my bare neck and he kissed me lightly behind my ears. Every touch made me shiver. As he kissed me his hands groped me; he massaged my chest, rubbed my thigh, and slowly made his way to my awaiting crotch. I sighed and whispered, "What about the driver?" "He's enjoying the show, chill out," Jonathan replied, "besides, we're almost there."

He and I continued to lovingly kiss and fondle each other. Soon the car stopped out in front of a large apartment building. I knew Jon had brought me to his home. He left the car and walked to my side to help me out. I grabbed his hand and kissed him softly on his warm lips. We walked up the steps and as he unlocked the door I gave his ass a quick squeeze making him giggle. I had no idea what he'd planned, but I sure hoped it involved getting naked. Shortly we were standing outside Jon's apartment. He turned to me and said, "I hope this afternoon is all that it's meant to be."

As we entered, the first thing I noticed was a bright floral scent. Further in I noticed Jon had sprinkled hundreds of red and yellow rose petals over the living room area.

"Oh, Jon!" I gasped and reached around his neck to hug him. He instead took my hands into his and led me further inside. There were candles arranged all around the room, a blanket spread across the floor, and a bottle of wine chilling. What a romantic idea he'd had. I walked in after him and shut the door. When I turned back around his lips again found mine. We kissed deeply while making our way to the blanket. Once there, Jonathan laid me down and kissed every inch of me starting with my eyelids and ending at the toe of my boots which he immediately removed.

I was first to speak again, "Let's drink some wine." Jon agreed and opened and poured us the wine. We drank it slowly while making small talk. Before too long, though, I knew it was time to return to what we had started. I took Jon's glass from him and placed it on the table above us. I then kissed his neck, twirling my tongue where it counted. I then unbuttoned his shirt kissing each piece of body that was exposed after each button. Jon sighed and moaned and grabbed my hair.

"Hey, piece for a piece," he finally said.

"Huh?" I replied while kissing his bare masculine chest.

"You took off my shirt, now take off yours," he answered slyly.

How could I refuse? I stood up in my bare feet and did a sort of sexy strip for him, slowly removing my shirts and revealing my black embraced tits.

"Gorgeous," he said as he put his arms around me and brought me back to his level. He proceeded to kiss the exposed bumps while sneakily removing my bra to expose me to his waiting mouth. As soon as I was free from my garment, I was taken prisoner again, this time by his mouth. Jon's moist mouth engulfed my full erect nipples one by one, his warm breath making them harder and harder. I knew; though, that he too needed some attention, so I broke away and kissed my way down to his pants. Once there I quickly undid his belt and his fly and proceeded to remove all of the clothing that was standing between me and pleasuring my lover. Once everything was removed, I looked into Jon's eyes and said, "Goodness, someone's a little excited." I giggled and kissed the inside of his thighs all the while fondling his balls. I knew he was getting antsy so I dipped down between his legs and took his member deep into my warm mouth. I heard him moan and saw him grab a pillow in order to watch the action down below. I swirled my tongue around his throbbing sex and felt him grow harder inside me. Soon I felt his hands in my hair directing me to please him the way he liked it. I bobbed my head quickly up and down making sure never to lose him. I sometimes pulled away and tickled his tip with just my tongue knowing that it would bring him over the edge. Almost immediately I felt Jon's body tense below me, and I knew that it wouldn't be long. With this in mind I sucked Jon deeper down my throat licking him gently in the process. Before too long, Jon shot is hot, sticky load down my throat. The sensation of it was so intense.

When Jonathan was well milked, I released him and made my way up to lie in his arms and wait for him to catch his breath. But in the true fashion of Jonathan, he had other ideas. It was his turn to pleasure me. "Say still and let me do all the work," he whispered.

He kissed me deeply then ran his tongue all the way down. I then felt my pants glide down my legs and my panties moved to the side. Then it hit me. His tongue had found my spot. I gasped loudly and then bit my lip to prevent myself from screaming. Jon's tongue dove deep between my enlarged lips and took his time focusing on my sensitive button. He was so good that I was squirming in no time, but once the squirming began, Jon's intensity heated up. As I was near to cumming he roughly plunged two sticky fingers into me touching my sacred spot. The feel of his tongue on my clit and his fingers deep inside me was too much. My body tensed and then released with a loud, "Oh, Jonathan!"

But before I could come back to Earth Jon was laying back while positioning me on top. "I have waited so long to do this with you," he whispered. I bent down and kissed him while thrusting my hips to better admit him into me. Soon our bodies were gyrating and moving as one. When I thrust, he thrust, and our hands held tight together connecting us as one being. We continued moving in a continuous rhythm for sometime, all the while kissing and moaning and sighing together. Soon we both tensed and shuddered together bringing on one of many of our mutual orgasms of that night.