 It was a gorgeous day for a drive. I drove along listening to the purring power of the red Mustang's engine, top down, sunglasses on, my long dirty-blonde air billowing in the breeze. I cruised along the backcountry road leaving a trail of dust in my wake, singing tunelessly at the top of my voice.

I had left that day with no particular destination in mind, just a desire to get out of town and escape for a little while. Feeling reckless and decidedly naughty, I had dressed for the occasion, white billowy blouse that would show my breasts to good effect, black mini skirt and calf-high, black leather boots to show off my legs. A black thong and a sheer white bra, that let the colour of my nipples show through, completed the ensemble. I liked to show myself off and did so, whenever the opportunity presented itself. 

My stomach growled and glancing at the box I had packed for lunch, decided I would find somewhere to stop and eat. After another 10 minutes driving I spotted the perfect place, a peaceful picnic area with just a few tables dotted around, situated next to a shallow, sparkling river.

There were only two cars parked there. One of them was at the far end of the picnic area, where the owners of the car, a young married couple, was sitting and eating at a table. A sheriff's car was parked at the opposite end, and I could see the deputy had his hat pulled down low over his eyes and was quietly napping the afternoon away. I decided to park close to the deputy and as I did so, took a long glance at him. From what I could see, I thought he looked rather dishy. I casually undid a couple of buttons on my blouse, and gathering up my lunch got out of the car. Walking over to a table close by, I could see the young husband looking at me with interest, and never being able to resist teasing, I pretended to drop something on the ground and bent over to pick it up, thus exposing my deep cleavage to the staring man. I glanced up, smiling, licking my lips, as his eyes grew round in astonishment at the sight of my breasts. I sat down at my chosen table, facing the couple and making sure the husband had a good view of me as I ate.

I jumped a little in surprise when I heard a deep, masculine voice behind me. "Miss, I just might have to take you in for indecent exposure," he said. I turned towards him as he sat down, uninvited, beside me, straddling the bench. I had been right, he was good looking, a broody but handsome face, his dark eyes twinkled as he looked at me with a deeply sexy, half teasing smile. His uniform showed his muscular body off nicely and I couldn't help but lick my lips a little.

"Why officer, I don't know what you are talking about," I replied.

"Oh, I think you do, you're damn near naked under that short skirt," he grinned in return. The husband continued to stare at us from the far end of the clearing, as the deputy moved one hand and rested it lightly on my lower back. "In fact, I might just put you in handcuffs and take you away with me." I stiffened slightly as his hand moved down my back and over my ass. He leaned towards me resting his other hand on the table. I continued to eat, pretending not to notice where his hand was. I could feel my pussy starting to grow moist and my nipples hardening. "I think I need to check to make sure you are actually wearing something underneath that skirt." I felt his hand slip underneath my skirt and caress my backside. "Well, I'll be, you are wearing something underneath there. Not much of something though." His fingers slipped under the thong as he spoke and his other hand slipped underneath the table and rested lightly on my thigh. 

I could see the husband was still staring at us, transfixed, as he talked to his wife. One of his hands had moved into his lap and I could see him rubbing his crotch as he watched us.

"I think you should stop touching me," I whispered hoarsely to the deputy, but I could feel my legs spreading slightly, the fire starting to smoulder in my pussy.

"I don't think you really want me stop now, do you?" He questioned. His hand slipped underneath the front of my skirt, gently rubbing across my thong covered pussy, his other hand caressing and squeezing my ass. I closed my eyes and held back a moan, squirming a little on the bench, my legs spreading wider apart.

At the other table, the wife got up to clear away the picnic things as the husband continued to watch, his hand moving faster across his crotch. Finally she sat back down across from her husband.

"Mmmmmm, yes, I do want you to stop," the tone of my voice, belied my words though. My voice was growing husky with desire, and my nipples were growing even harder and poking through my blouse, as my pussy became soaking wet.

"Well, I'm just going to have to take you in then," he replied. The hand on my pussy slipped underneath the thong, rubbing across my wet lips and flicking across my clit. My thighs tensed as my desire grew, legs spreading even wider. Across the clearing the couple had stood up, a huge bulge in the husband's pants clearly visible. He grabbed a blanket from the bench beside him and they disappeared into the nearby bushes. 

The Deputy's hand left my ass. I thought I heard something jingle then he reached around, grabbing my hand and forcing it behind my back. I could feel cold steel wrap around my wrist and a click as something snapped home. Before I could react he had grabbed my other hand pulling it behind my back and closing the other half of the handcuffs around it. One finger slipped inside my pussy, his thumb rubbing my clit. A low groan escaped from my lips, my back arching, as he pulled the handcuffs tight behind me. Pulling my blouse out from my skirt, He began to fondle a breast, pinching my hard, throbbing nipple through the bra. I moaned again.

"Stand up," he grunted. He helped me, as I struggled to stand, my hands bound behind me. Walking me over to my car I could feel his hard cock rubbing against my ass as we moved. "Now, I'm going to have to search you". He leaned me across the trunk of the mustang, my face pressed against the sun-warmed metal, breasts crushed against the car. His hands moving down over my body, raising me up slightly, slipping across my breasts, pausing only to pinch and tweak my nipples then moving down my sides and caressing the cheeks of my buttocks. His hands fell away and I moaned softly.

"No, don't stop now, please touch me some more," I whispered.

"You said you wanted me to stop," he replied.

"No, oh no, please make me cum," I begged.

I felt one hand rest on my ass. I wriggled my hips and spread my legs trying to incite him further. I felt him lifting my skirt up exposing my buttocks to the sun, one hand slipping underneath the thong and suddenly spearing into my rectum. I squirmed up the car trying to escape his probing finger. He grabbed my hip with the other hand holding me tight, his finger lodging deep in me. I turned my head and moaned as he began to thrust his finger in and out. I began thrusting back as my hips started to roll and buck trying to take his finger deeper into my ass. I could feel his hard cock through his pants rubbing against me. His free hand started rubbing my throbbing clit through my thong, stoking the fires of my desire to new heights. Pulling the thong to one side he thrust another finger into my hot, throbbing pussy. I gasped and tried to arch away from the sudden penetration but the hand and finger in my ass held me tight against the car. His fingers were moving fast, thrusting into me and I strained against the cuffs trying to take each finger as deep as I possibly could. One finger crept up my wet slit to my clit, rubbing that sensitive organ, making me cry out.

"Ohhhhh, please fuck me, I need your cock pounding inside me," I begged.

"You're not ready for my cock yet, you hot little slut," he whispered. His fingers were moving faster, in and out of my ass and pussy. I was on fire my body writhing against the warm metal of the car. Another finger joined the one in my pussy and I felt my thighs tensing and body beginning to go rigid as my orgasm approached. He stopped and held still, I tried to keep fucking myself on his fingers but could only strain against the cuffs.

"Noooo, don't stop!!" I cried again. His hands withdrew and I whimpered for more. I felt something hard at the entrance to my pussy. Desperately wriggling, I tried to make the hard intruder slip into my throbbing pussy. I jumped as he thrust hard into me with his rigid cock. I squirmed, trying to escape this thing that was threatening to split me in two. His hands came down and held my hips thrusting the full length of his cock into my pussy in one long stroke. It felt like hot, hard steel filling me up completely and I cried out both in pleasure and in pain. One hand reached around to my breasts to pinch and tease one hard nipple, the other teasing my ass as his cock began long slow strokes into my pussy. My mind exploded in white light as the orgasm thundered through me, my body going rigid and bucking against the hard cock buried deep in me. I turned my head and through my lust glazed eyes could just see the other couple in the bushes watching us. The wife was on her hands and knees staring intently and I could just make out the husband pounding into her from behind. Just like the deputy was doing to me right now.

He paused just for a moment, and then went wild pounding into me. Both hands were on my breasts, kneading the soft flesh, pulling and pinching the blood-engorged nipples. I groaned again and felt the fire building anew inside my ravaged pussy. He continued to fuck me in long strokes and I was thrusting back to meet him taking him as deep as I could, trying to trap his hardness inside my body. My own juices betrayed me though, allowing his hot cock to slip from the grasp of my cunt. He groaned and increased his pace, one hand beginning to slap my buttocks with each thrust.

"Damn, I'm going to cum in you now, you sexy slut," he groaned. I could feel another orgasm rising in me, each slap sending an electric thrill straight to my clit. My breasts were on fire, throbbing in time to my pulsing cunt. I felt him stiffening, his rigid cock driving even deeper and I could feel his hot cum, shooting into me. My orgasm raced through me as his massive cock throbbed inside. I moaned and strained against the handcuffs, my body bucking against his.

He collapsed against me for a moment, and then he stood up, running his hands gently across my back. "Well, I guess I don't have to take you in after all," he said breathlessly. I felt completely drained unwilling to move from the warm metal of the car. I heard him zipping his pants and then he unlocked the handcuffs "You have a nice day Miss and be sure to see me if you come this way again." He said. I could hear him walking to his car and a door close. I stood up smoothing down my skirt, waving to him and blowing him a kiss as he pulled away.

"Yes, I will have to come this way again," I thought to myself with a smile.