 The anticipation of you having your gorgeous hard cock deep inside of my tight little pussy has been making me tingle for months. I can't count the times I have started thinking about your sexy body and suddenly my fingers are trailing seductive patterns across my bare skin. I moan, my clit starts to tingle, I open the vault and click on your pictures. As my eyes travel from your face, your strong shoulder, your chest, the logger suspenders, the ink, to your happy trail, my favorite thing the V...my fingers have found their way down to trace circles around my aching clit. 

I find the picture of your hard cock with that bulging vein I can't wait to run my tongue along. I start moaning your name, my fingers moving quickly, my other hand pinching my nipples hard, I close my eyes scream your name and squirt all over my fingers and my thighs. I shudder in sweet release. I bring my fingers to my lips and taste myself, I taste fucking incredible. I imagine tasting myself on your cock, taking you deep and giving you the best blow job of your life. It's a vicious circle I can't get you out of my mind long enough to not be continuously aching with a need no one else can fill. 

So we finally have found a time to meet. I drive toward where you tell me we will be meeting. I'm nervous but so wet and excited I can hardly stand it. I pull up and I see your truck just as you said it would be. You are leaning against the side looking so fucking sexy and strong I nearly cum in my panties. As much as I want you I am always nervous the first time. I step out and we lock eyes. Suddenly lust takes over and you own me. There is something about the way your looking at me I submit without thinking. In that moment I know if you told me to get down on my knees and suck your cock in the parking lot I would, eagerly. 

It feels like the longest walk to get to you. You never break eye contact, you just stare as I feel my dominate, controlling shell crumble the closer I get. Sometimes not being in control is the most beautiful thing in the world. I need to let go just as much as I want you. As I step in front of you my head instinctively tilts slightly lower & a nervous giggle escapes my lips. 

I sense you moving but my eyes are averted. Before I could even finish that last step you reach for me one hand grabs my waist in a strong, reassuring way, your other hand slips along my check & you tilt my chin up our eyes lock and our lips touch. I melt, I lose myself inside this kiss, I surrender myself to you for this moment. I feel light, I feel safe, I feel crazy with desire for you. 

You deepen our kiss, one hand grasps my ass and the other hand has moved to the back of my neck, your fingers are entwined in my hair pulling and pushing me into you. A moan escapes from my throat & this spurs you. You pull my hips into your grinding your rock hard cock against my wet, aching pretty little kitty. Before I can react you grab me turn and press my back tightly against the side of your truck. One of my legs instinctively moves to wrap around you and try to bring that cock closer to my tight little pussy. I am wild with desire. I have forgotten myself, but you are still in control. 

You pull back, with a smile and little chuckle your hands on my hips because I can't hold my own balance yet. My eyes are crazy with lust. I'm panting. With that cute little half smile you say Wanna go for a drive? I'm still shaking from the feeling of cold metal on my back and a warm hard body pressed against me. I nod, still not sure I can speak. You laugh and ask if I can manage to gather myself and get in. I say of course but the moment you take your hands off my hips and I start to walk my knees wobble. I giggle & you laugh. You open the door and boost me up. I scoot over to my side and you climb in. 

I start to feel silly for feeing so affected by you. Then we lock eyes & I know that as much I don't trust men this is perfect. I don't have to trust you with my emotions, I only have to trust you with my orgasm. I feel relaxed and relieved to have discovered I'm not the only one who knows how fun just pure sex can be.

I glance at you and you smile, we start driving, I lean over and start tracing circles along your thighs, closer & closer to where I want to be. You start to move to make it easier for me. I run my fingers along the waistband of your pants. My fingers fumble with the button but then it comes open. I slowly pull your zipper down, your breathing is heavy you want me to free your hard cock so bad. 

You have been imagining my lips around your cock, my tongue running alone your vein, swirling my tongue around the head, cradling your balls, lapping the precum of the tip. I slowly free you and I moan with desire from deep inside I can't help my self I have been imagining you for months but reality is so much better! When I take you in my mouth your breath catches, you knew I said I was good but you had no idea I could do that. You wrap your fingers in my hair and control my speed, you are the boss...now what will happen when we get to the isolated spot you have in mind?