 I smiled slightly as I walked across campus. The beginning of my second semester was brutal, to put it bluntly. A cold northern wind accompanied even frostier professors; a recent passing in my family lowered the mood even further, causing my January and February to wear on my psyche like sandpaper. Today is different though, I thought as I carefully avoided a rather deep puddle on the sidewalk. Indeed, today felt different. The frigid fingers of winter are giving way to the sweet touch of spring, and the wind carried scents of blooming flowers rather than the stale stench of filthy ice. Things seemed to be turning around for me. 

Well, most things. My jaw tightened at the thought of the troubles between my girlfriend Samantha and me. Arguments and worries have plagued our relationship recently. She is constantly busy with her sorority and school work, citing her "endless" amounts of homework as excuses for our decreased alone time. This has, inevitably, severely damaged the physical aspect of our relationship. She hasn't touched me in months, and my efforts to instigate are met with scorn and annoyance. I have tried to find a way to ignite something. In fact, right now I am over a week into my "no masturbation resolution." I have not touched my self, hoping to get it all out in a "blaze of glory" (so to speak) when the time comes. I picture fireworks and passion for that moment, but my wicks are pinched off and the passion is absorbed with apathy. I shook my head. Today isn't the day for that, it's something new. New life, as they say. Spring is for renewal, and that is a perfectly acceptable mindset for me. 

Hot air rushed across my face as I stepped into the dormitory that a few friends of mine lived in. My room was hopelessly boring, with a roommate that would annoy anyone to the point of tears. I try to avoid it as much as possible. I shot a glance towards the desk manager on shift. Visitors are supposed to be checked in by the residents they were visiting, but I found it to be more fun to sneak in. The small smile returned as I made it to the elevator. It's the little things, I said to myself. The elevator dinged and I stepped off onto my friend's floor, and made my way to his room. 

"Trey," I called as I walked through the door, "I'm home." 

Trey rolled his eyes at me. "Oh please, by all means, come in." He was sat at his desk watching Hulu. His girlfriend Hannah lounged on the bed next to him. 

"Hey Kam," Hannah smiled, "did you sneak in again?" 

"Is there another way to do it?" I questioned. She laughed and returned her attention to the show on the screen. 

I leaned against the closet door and took a look around the room. The empty bed caught my attention first. Isaac must be with Amanda, I thought with a grin. Those two will take every opportunity they can get and fuck like rabbits. Isaac is one lucky son of a bitch. I gazed through the browning shades of the window at the sunlight quad and that feeling came back. Content, I watched the show with Trey and Hannah for a few minutes. The more I thought about where Isaac, Amanda, Trey, and Hannah, I began to realize someone was missing. 

"Where's your sister at, Hannah?" 

"Oh, she's upstairs rearranging her room." 

"Her caring sister isn't up there helping her?" I asked with a grin. 

"No, and she keeps texting me about it." Hannah let out a sigh. "I have other people to see, you know." She looked pointedly at Trey, then she lit up with an idea. "Would you want to do me a favor, Kameron?" 

I already know where this is going. Trey and Hannah were like Isaac and Amanda: horny as shit at all times. 

"What's that?" I asked. 

"Could you please go up there and help her?", she asked with a slight pouty face. "We would both really appreciate it." 

I weighed the options. Feel like a total third wheel with Trey and Hannah or go lug stuff around a room. Both weren't necessarily the most inviting ideas, but I thought I'd do Trey a solid and head upstairs. 

"Yeah, I'll go." I said with a shrug. 

"Awesome!" exclaimed Hannah, "I'll let Kayleigh know you're on your way." 

Kayleigh, I thought as I left. We'd known each other since middle school. She went to a different high school, the same one as my girlfriend in fact, but we found our way to the same college. Her and my girlfriend have been inseparable since they were in kindergarten. Best friends, joined at the hip those two and Hannah were. Kayleigh and Hannah were almost always referred to as a set rather than individuals. Comes with being twins, I guess, but a womb is about the only thing those two had in common. Hannah was a jokester, very popular with guys. She had black hair and brown eyes, and looked about as nondescript as you can get. Kayleigh, on the other hand, was popular with guys for very different reasons. Two of them come to mind rather quickly: her ass and being flirty. 

I'm not saying the first one ironically either: guys refer to her as "the one with the ass." 

She knows it too, and that's where the flirt comes in. Her hugs are tight enough to leave nothing to the imagination, and she wears bikini bottoms three sizes too small. She repeatedly "forgets" where a guy is and "accidentally" rubs on him when she passes him, and enjoys making obvious innuendos. She is very popular, as you might imagine. 

I shook my head as I finished climbing the stairs up to her level. I adjusted myself though my shorts to hide the semi-erection I had begun to sport thinking of all the things she does. I wish I wasn't fit to burst right now, I thought, no girl appreciates being greeted with a stiffy. I willed it away before I knocked on her door. It would be rather embarrassing to hug her while hard. After my hard on faded, I raised my hand and knocked on her door. 

The door swung open and I was greeted by a very bubbly girl. Her light brown hair was up in a pony tail and caught the sunlight streaming through her windows, and her bright hazel eyes were alight with the smile that graced her face. My eyes slipped a little further down and noticed that she wasn't wearing a shirt, only a dark purple sports bra that contrasted with her fair skin very strikingly. Her outfit was finished with a pair of light grey leggings. I barely registered all of this before I was being enveloped in a hug. 

"Kam!" she exclaimed. "Thank you so much for coming up here." Her hands gripped the back of my neck as she bent backwards at the waist and looked up at me as my hands rested at her hips. 

"Of course. Always willing to help." I said. She let go of me and ushered me in, closing the door with a snap behind me. 

"I'm just struggling with these boxes. I can't get them up into the cabinets." 

She was struggling. There were chairs and tubs stacked precariously in an attempt to boost her up to the cabinets. She could've seriously hurt herself if she had fallen while attempting to store things in there. The beds and desks were also haphazardly place around the room. To be frank, it looked like a disaster area. 

Kayleigh stood next to me with her hands on her hips. "I was planning on going to the gym after this, but I think this might cover my workout." She smirked at me. "This isn't the kind of workout a girl should be getting in her bedroom." 

I chuckled. "Yeah, workout often in here?" I teased. She stepped close to me and touched her fingertips to my stomach. "Not as often as I want," she said with a whisper. Her fingertips lingered as she turned away and walked towards the boxes. I was still processing her previous statement, distracted by the way her ass moved in her leggings. Each step sent a slight jiggle in each cheek. I felt my woody returning, and quickly tried to remedy it. She called my name though, and I had to focus my attention elsewhere. 

"Could you please take this box and put it into the top cabinet." She offered the carboard box to me with something glinting in her eye. 

"No problem." I said. I walked towards her and promptly stumbled over her backpack. In my effort to regain my balance I grabbed onto Kayleigh, puling both her and the box to the ground. I ended up on my side, with her face right in front of mine. She was panting, and her parted mouth gave me a glimpse of the tip of a pink tongue. He lips glistened, and I finally found her eyes. She smirked at me. 

"Kameron, I didn't expect you to be so rough," she said, feigning shock. I blushed and apologized, but she waved me off. 

"Don't apologize, just make it up to me sometime, okay" She winked at me and went to get up. In doing so, she brushed her hand on my crouch, barely touching my dick. She went on as if nothing happened, but I was sure she felt at least something; I wasn't soft at all, and that touch brought my dick to full attention. I could feel the heat beginning to build up behind my ears from embarrassment and tried to hide my growing erection whilst getting up. 

"This box, right?" I asked. 

She nodded, chewing on her bottom lip. I picked the box up. It was heavier than I had anticipated. I poured some extra concentration into my efforts and worked the box into a neat spot within the cabinet. 

"Kam," I heard Kayleigh call, "can you please grab a rag from that cabinet please?" 

I grunted a yes and stretched, looking for a rag. It was way in the back, but I was just able to get my fingertips on it. Smiling at the small victory, I came down off my toes and turned around, only to find Kayleigh directly in front of me. 

I attempted to back up, but I was up against the counter. Kayleigh shifted towards me, leaving barely an inch between us. She reached for the rag and plucked it from my hands. I hardly noticed: my senses were in overdrive. I could smell the air freshener that sat on the windowsill. I heard the buzz of the lights and felt the grain of the countertop. Most of all I could feel my heartbeat against my ribcage and hear her breathing. All of this fed straight into my dick, causing it to throb. Stop, I thought. This is Samantha's best friend. Enough. "Thanks," Kayleigh said. She turned on the spot and dropped the rag in front of her. "Oops," she said. She bent at the waist to pick it up, and her ass ground straight into my dick. I was frozen, I had no idea what to do. My girlfriend's best friend's ass was rubbing against my obviously hard cock, and there was no way she didn't feel it. Kayleigh straightened up, but her butt remained firmly seated in my crotch. 

"Ohhh," she whispered as she slowly swayed her bottom, "there's a package I wouldn't mind putting away somewhere." 

"K-Kayleigh," I stammered, "what are you doing?" Kayleigh sighed and lent back into me. She tilted her head up and looked at me with those big hazel eyes as her head rested on my shoulder. "Why, I'm just trying to move some stuff around," she said innocently. "But I think I've found the next thing I want to handle." As she said this she ground her ass deeper into my cock, and I had to bite my lip as I held back a groan. 

"What about Samantha?" The words came out hoarsely, as if I had suddenly lost my voice. My cock was absolutely aching; the weeks of abstinence heightening my sensitivity. Kayleigh turned around, but she maintained her close proximity. 

"What about her?" she asked. 

"She's your friend!" I said. Kayleigh's fingers began toying with the waistband of my shorts, but she maintained eye contact with me. My breathing became hitched. "She's my girlfriend." The last statement didn't have as much energy behind it; Kayleigh had brought the waistband of my shorts below my hips. She ran a hand across my stomach and around my back, causing me to shiver slightly. She lightly scraped her nails as she spoke. "She hasn't exactly been a great friend recently. So very busy." Kayleigh's other hand began toying with the waistband of my boxers now. "You can't tell me you haven't been bothered by it, too. No doubt it's wreaking havoc on your love life." She began inching my boxers down; the tip of my cock was almost exposed now, begging for release. "I mean look at you. I've done anything and you're like a rock." 

My mind was a whirlwind. Right, wrong, arousal, worry, so many emotions. So many feelings. This is wrong. I shouldn't do this. My mind spoke with reason, but my body spoke with want, and emotion has always held a larger voice than logic. I used the last of my willpower when I said, "I really shouldn't. This isn't what we should do." 

She snaked a hand around my neck, bringing my ear down to her mouth. "Right now, I can think of only one thing I should do." She yanked my boxers down and grabbed my dick by its base. "I think I should finally figure out how your cock feels in my throat," she whispered. 

A dam had burst. Months of frustration came flooding out of me. I gripped Kayleigh by her ass and kissed her roughly, feeling her moan as I kneaded her ass. She stroked me quickly; this wouldn't last long but I didn't care. All I cared about was fucking this girl with everything I had. 

She finished the kiss and quickly sunk to her knees. I groaned as her mouth took me. It was messy and unceremonious, but it didn't matter at that point. All that mattered was that her tongue kept working on my head and her hand kept working in tandem with her mouth. 

I could feel it churning. My balls felt like they were quaking as I neared my climax and my hand tightened in a grip on her hair. 

"I'm about to cum," I said. Her mouth left me, but her hand took up a new, rigorous pace. 

Her eyes met mine. "Yeah? Do you like the way I stroke your cock?" she whispered. "Do you like the thought of blowing your massive load deep into my throat? Are you thinking of fucking me like the naughty girl I am" Her words sent a jolt through me, and my knees trembled as I came. Kayleigh's mouth latched onto my head and eagerly swallowed all that was offered. My breathing became ragged and I grabbed hold of the counter to stable myself. My climax ended and Kayleigh stood up, grinning. "Well, that was f—" She never finished her sentence. Not even thinking, I pushed her backwards onto her bed. She moaned as I kissed her, and lifted up her bottom to help me get her leggings off of her. Her white thong soon followed, and I was greeted by the sight of her shaven pussy. Pink and wet with anticipation, I wasted no time diving in. If this was any other situation, I would go slow and savor it, but this was different. It was unique. It was wild. 

She moaned as my tongue probed her slit. I'm not very experienced but I think my enthusiasm made up for it. My tongue went this way and that, sometimes going deep inside her, sometimes teasing her lips. Her moans became louder, and higher pitched. I could feel the bedsheets being moved as she balled them into her fists. Her legs shook and quivered, her pussy convulsed around my tongue. Her moans spurred me on as I did everything I could to get her off. 

I felt her hands wrap around my head as she screamed, "Yes, Kam! Yes! Oh my God I'm close. So close. Please, keep going." I used one hand to finger her while I ate her out, and the other to rub her clit. Her moans turned to screams and I felt her legs squeeze my head as she orgasmed. A wave of juices accompanied the convulsions I felt on my tongue. She whimpered as she came down from her high, and I raised my head up to look at her. Her face was flushed and her hair was wild. Her eyes seemed almost predatory, and she quickly flipped around and kissed me hard. Her hand found its way to my cock and stroked it back to full hardness as I flicked and rolled her nipple under her sports bra. This time, I broke the kiss. 

"On your hands and knees," I growled. 

She grinned excitedly and did so, arching her back and thrusting her ass into the air. It really is something else, I thought. I stroked myself and watched her for a bit, her ass swaying lazily back in forth as she waited for me to make a move. 

"Kam," she whined after a minute, "what are you doing?" 

"Enjoying the view," I replied. "What are you doing?" 

"Waiting," she said impatiently. 

"For what?" I asked cheekily. 

She turned her head to the side and looked at me hard. "For you to come fuck me!" she said exasperatedly. 

"If you insist," I said. 

I got on my knees behind her, placing a hand on each cheek. I gently massaged them, earning a light moan from the girl in front of me. I took my cock in my hand and rubbed it up and down her slit. I felt her try and press back into me, but I held her steady. She was always a tease, so it's only fair that she gets some of the fair treatment. I did this for about 2 minutes before I heard her whimper and decided to take pity on her. We moaned together as I slowly sank into her. I went until I was buried to the hilt, and stayed there to relish the feeling. I could hear her panting and feel her squeezing around me, trying to create friction. 

I began slowly. Rocking very carefully back and forth, slowly gaining speed. Kayleigh's moaning became louder and more frequent. I could see the waves in her ass as our skin clapped together. Her pussy gripped me like a vice, and her wet heat was addicting. I gripped her hips tighter and began to increase my pace more rapidly. I was giving her full and long strokes now, causing her whole body to move. "Yes!" she screamed. "Fuck me baby. Fuck me Kam, give it to me." I grabbed her pony tail with one hand and pulled back, slapping her ass with my other hand in time with my thrusts, "Uh," she moaned. "Yes daddy, spank me. Fuck me like the little tease I am. Give it to me daddy, please. I need it." 

"You like that?" I grunted. "You like being fucked like a slut, baby? You like my cock, huh?" I moaned as her pussy clenched at my words. 

"YES Kam. Give it to me. Please, I need it!" Her moans turned to screams, and her arms gave out. She became a moaning, quivering mess as she orgasmed on my cock. 

I continued to rut into her, feeling my own orgasm building. "Fuck baby, I'm about to cum. Tell me where you want it, baby." 

She turned slightly, her eyes glazed over in bliss. "Cum all over my ass Kameron. I want to feel it on my ass. Please cum all over me daddy." 

I felt my loins seize. I pulled out and stroked myself to completion, moaning as I emptied myself onto her ass. 

She shook her ass as she felt my load hit, and laid on her stomach after I had finished. I collapsed next to her, absolutely spent. The room smelled of sex and we both basked in our post-orgasm bliss. A few minutes past before I realized what just happened. Thoughts of the betrayal I just did flooded my mind and my chest tightened. A small hand encircling my still soft cock distracted me, though, and I turned my attention back to her. 

"So," Kayleigh said mischievously, "do you want to help me move stuff again tomorrow?" I glanced out the window at the beginnings of spring and decided to forget my worries. After all, Spring is a time for new life, right?