 At breakfast the next morning, John and I were finishing our oatmeal. I had done the morning chores, brought in the bucket of milk for Mary to filter. She was skimming the cream off of yesterday's milk getting ready to turn it into butter. John said he was going to work up in the North Meadow getting the field ready to plant corn and wanted me to weed the spinach and lettuce then plant the carrots in the two long rows next to the cabbage.

He took a sip of coffee and looked over at Mary in the kitchen. He put his cup down, took a deep breath and said, "Listen, Pete, I have to talk to you about Sherry."

He leaned forward, cleared his throat, looked me in the eyes then said, "We have a rule about apprentices staying away from Sherry. You're here to work for us and we've had problems in the past with apprentices socializing too much with her and not getting their work done. We fired an apprentice last year because he was too distracted to get his work done."

"Well, I'm here to learn all I can about farming," I said. 

"I don't want you to misunderstand me, Pete, but Sherry can be a flirt and I don't want her interfering with your work. We have a strict rule that she is not suppose to hang around the apprentices." 

While he was talking, I could not get the image from last night of Sherry riding me like a cowgirl on a bronco screaming for me to fuck her. John looked up at Mary in the kitchen, pouring the heavy cream into the blender.

"I know my daughter," he said. "She's like her mother, a real rebel, so I suspect she's going to test our rule." 

I was surprised when he called Mary a rebel and glanced up to see her shaking her head as she overheard him but she didn't say anything. He took a sip of coffee, put the cup down with a thud and looked at me sternly. 

"Now Sherry knows the rules and you know the rules—she stays away from apprentices and I swear you'll be out of here in two minutes if I see you hanging around her." John had a stern, angry look in his eyes as he said those words, adding, "And I mean it, young man." 

John stood up and said, "Time to get to work, Pete." He went into the kitchen and gave Mary a kiss on the cheek. She smiled and kissed him back. She said, "Don't forget the co-op wants that delivery of eggs this afternoon?" 

"Thanks for reminding me," he said, then turned to me. "Pete, you'll have to deliver the eggs to the co-op this afternoon by four. They get ten dozen. You'll have to get their order ready." John put on the straw hat he wore in the field, and then added, "And fill the truck up with gas before you come home." He opened the screen door then turned to me. "Remember what I said about Sherry," he said glancing at his wife. Then he left the house.

When I took my empty bowl and cup to the sink, Mary had her eyes on the blender making sure it didn't turn the butter into whipped cream. She didn't look at me when she said, "I see John gave you the little lecture about Sherry." 

"He did," I answered, remembering what he said about his wife being a rebel when she was younger.

"He worries so about her," she said. "He's a man who believes in work before pleasure," she added. "We're kind of opposites in lots of ways. I think pleasure is more important then work. It's all about balance," she added. "Maybe that's why we have such a good marriage." 

I was surprised she was getting so personal with me. She turned off the blender, looked at the butter and said, "Perfect. Nothing like fresh butter," she added. She turned to me and said, "This is going to be a hard summer for you, Pete, because of John's rule about apprentices and Sherry." She paused, "And I know Sherry." She picked up her mug of coffee and took a sip, looking at me over the rim. She then put the empty mug in the sink. "Sherry's like me and loves pleasure. She's knows how to get what she wants and John is real stubborn and wants what he says to be the law. He won't budge and if he sees you with Sherry, you'll be fired, no matter how good a worker you are. Believe me we've lost some good apprentices because of Sherry and John's rule." 

I thanked Mary and said, "I better get to work." While I was weeding the spinach row, I thought about my situation. I knew how hot and determined Sherry was and how hard it was going to be to stay away from her. I remembered Sherry saying, how she liked sneaking off to fuck, how exciting it was. I liked her spirit but didn't want it to get me fired. I was sure Mary was right about Sherry knowing how to get what she wanted. She was definitely strong, smart and a rebel like her mother. I remembered saying to her this was going to be an adventure and we'll just take one day at a time, but now I realized how difficult and dangerous this adventure would be. 

After an hour of weeding the spinach rows, the sun was getting higher and I was sweating. I had finished two rows of spinach, noticing it almost ready to harvest and decided to go back to the house to get a drink of water. Just as I opened the screen door, Sherry was walking out. I saw her mother at the kitchen table peeling potatoes. 

"Hi, Pete," she said with a little cordial smile and kept walking. She had a book under her arm. She was wearing the tightest cut offs I'd ever seen and a red tee-shirt that was cut just below her tits, revealing her flat stomach. The shorts were the low cut type and accented her hips and ass. She knew I was watching her as she swayed her hips just enough to tantalize me. Talk about knowing what she wanted. 

I went into the house, got a glass of water and went back out on the porch to drink and looked over at Sherry sitting under the peach tree reading her book. She knew I was looking at her but kept reading. She had her bare feet on the ground and her legs bent so she could prop the book on her thighs as she read. Her legs were spread apart and I could see her crotch. I knew she was sitting that way on purpose, because she looked up at me, smiled and then went back to her book. 

I finished my water, walked into the kitchen to put the glass down. I glanced at Mary peeling potatoes at the table and wanted to make sure she didn't notice me pay attention to Sherry. 

When I went out on the porch, Sherry looked up at me from her book and our eyes met. She smiled, slowly moving her tongue across her bottom lip. She was teasing me, but I was determined to keep our distance and walked back to the spinach row, trying to ignore her by not looking, but my mind was captivated by how sexy she looked in those tight cut-offs, her tits barely contained by her flimsy shirt and the sexy way she looked at me. 

For an hour or so, I continued weeding, looking up every once in a while to see Sherry reading her book. When I finished weeding, I decided to go into the shed to get the carrot seeds. I walked past Sherry but tried not to look at her, keeping my head down as I walked. John was up in the North Meadow, her mother was in the house. No one would see us if we talked, but I thought it was best to keep our distance. While I was on my way to the shed, Sherry stood up to stretch. She lifted her arms in the air and stood on her toes, reaching skyward as she stretched. With her arms high above her head, the shirt pressed tightly against her tits revealing her nipples. She then turned, her back to me and continued stretching causing her cut-offs to rise on her ass, revealing a good amount of her ass cheeks.

I tried not to look at her as I walked past her, then Sherry bent over to touch her toes. Her cut offs were tight on her ass as she bent over. She looked delicious and I wanted to walk over to her and rub my cock against the crack of her ass and then fuck her. She knew she was teasing me because as I walked by she smiled then looked away. I glanced at her and kept walking. 

While I was in the shed filling up the bucket with carrot seeds, I heard a sound in back of me and saw Sherry standing in the doorway. "Are you trying to get me fired?" I asked. 

"Don't worry," Sherry said. "Dad can't see us and my mom won't say anything." 

"She won't," I responded. 

"She's not as uptight as my Dad is," she said. "But we can't let him know," she added. 

"Well I don't want to take a chance and have him catch us. He'll be coming down from the North Meadow for lunch soon. I don't want to get fired," I said. 

Sherry was leaning against the side of the doorway smiling at me. She had her hands on her hips. Her cut-offs were so tight on her crotch that I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I was getting hard again. I saw her glancing at the bulge in my jeans. 

"Tell me you don't want to fuck me right now," she said, looking me in the eyes. She walked towards me and put her hand on my crotch and started rubbing my cock. "My, my," she whispered, looking me in the eyes. "Come on, Pete, tell me 

you don't want to fuck me on the floor right now."

Just then I heard the lunch bell ringing from the house and knew John would be on his way down for lunch. Sherry took my hand and placed it on her mound rubbing herself. "You're making me wet," she said.

"We better get up to the house for lunch," I said. "I don't want your dad to catch us."

Again Sherry ignored me as she rubbed my cock with one hand and held my other hand on her crotch, pressing herself against my hand. "Ohhhh. Pete, This feels so good. I'm so horny. I can't wait to fuck you later." 

I heard the tractor coming down from the North Meadow and pushed Sherry's hand away. She then rubbed her crotch against my bulging jeans grinding into my hard cock and moaning. Her eyes were closed as she pressed harder, moving her pussy up down my cock. "You're so hard and I'm so hot," she whispered into my ear. "Tell me you want to fuck me. Tell me how much you want to get your cock in me," she said with a devilish grin on her face, looking into my eyes. 

"Come on, Sherry, This is dangerous. You're dad's coming. He'll see us"

"Just tell me you want to fuck me and we'll get out of here," Sherry said.

"God, you know I want to fuck you. You're driving me crazy, but we've got to stop or we'll get caught."

"Tell me again," she said, rubbing her crotch harder up and down my cock. 

"Okay. Okay. I want to fuck your brains out. I want to fill you with my cock. Is that what you want to hear?" I was starting to get angry at her, but the angrier I got, the hornier I got and all I wanted to do was to take her and fuck her as hard as I could right there on the floor of the shed.

Finally, I got control of myself and pushed her away and said, "You're going to get me fired, Sherry, We've got to be careful." 

Sherry laughed. "Doesn't the danger of getting caught turn you on?" she asked, looking into my eyes.

I looked at her and said, "You're a devil, aren't you?" 

"I'm also an angel," she said. "You'll see what I mean as the summer goes on."

She then walked past me to leave the shed. At the door she turned and smiled. "See you at lunch and remember you better behave your self." 

I shook my head in disbelief at what just happened. "I hope I survive her wildness," I muttered, as I finished putting carrot seeds in the pail. "She sure likes living on the edge," I added, "but she's right, the danger is exciting." 

At lunch, Sherry hardly spoke to me. The book she had been reading was on the table while she helped her mother bring the food to the table. I was talking to John about how the spinach was coming in and that I would plant carrots after lunch. I glanced at Sherry loving how her cut offs strained at her ass and how strong her long legs looked. She was barefooted. 

John told me he got most of the feed corn planted and was going to finish up after lunch. Sherry sat across from me talking to her mother until the phone rang. While her mother was on the phone, Sherry continued reading her book while poking at the salad in front of her. I asked her what she was reading and she held up the book so I could see the title, but she didn't speak. 

"The Odyssey," I said. "I read that when I was at College of the Atlantic. I had a whole course on Greek Literature."

"Me, too," she said, keeping her eyes on the book.

"I'm writing a series of poems about Sisyphus," I said. 

She looked up. "Really, I didn't know you wrote poetry."

"Well, I do. It's one of my favorite things to do and Sisyphus is one of my favorite characters," I said. "Do you know that legend?" 

"I do," she said. "He's the one who was punished by the gods and had to push a rock up a hill." She put her book down. "In fact, I read a book by Albert Camus called "The Myth of Sisyphus." We read it in a course on Existentialism, last year. I'm a philosophy major at Brown," she added. "Do you have the poems you've written here at the farm?" she asked. 

"I do but I'm not sure they're ready to be read," I said, "but, I think I'd let you read them sometime."

I looked over at John, listening to our conversation. He looked at Sherry and then at me, then got up and took his dish into the kitchen. Sherry went back to reading her book. I got up and took my plate and washed it. John came back to the table and said, "Don't forget our conversation, this morning." He looked at Sherry but didn't say anything. He put on his hat and left the house and turned to me.

"Don't forget to fill up the truck with gas this afternoon."

When John left, Sherry asked, "What time are you going into town?" 

"I've got to drop off the eggs at the co-op at four, so I'll be leaving here around three-thirty. The eggs are already in egg cartons. I noticed Sherry pick up a pen and write something down on a piece of paper and fold it up. She then got up and took her plate to the sink and without a word put the paper in my hand. I put it my pocket and headed out to the shed to get the carrot seeds. When I was in the shed I opened Sherry's note. It said, "Meet me in the barn at two-fifteen."

"Damn," I thought. "She sure likes to take chances." While I was planting the carrot row, I kept thinking about meeting Sherry in the barn. John would be in the North Meadow until at least four, but he could come back for something and catch us. The idea of meeting Sherry in the barn was exciting. I rushed to get the carrots planted. I'd have to leave by 3:30 to get to the co-op by four. I went to the egg refrigerator, got the eggs and put them in the truck. I covered them with a tarp so that they would be kept cool and walked up to the barn. 

The cow was up in the pasture. A few chickens were pecking at manure in the barnyard. Other than that it was quiet. I entered the dark barn and looked around, wondering where Sherry was. 

"Up here," I heard Sherry's voice and looked up in the hay loft. I climbed up the ladder and looked around but still didn't see Sherry. "Over here," she called. Then I saw her in the corner of the loft, sitting on a saddle mounted on two horizontal boards that were elevated it off the ground. 

"Sit with me on the saddle," she said. "I had a horse when I was in high school, but we sold it when I left for college. I love sitting on a saddle."

Sherry looked so sexy on the saddle in her tight cut offs with her legs spread. She had cowboy boots on. "I've always wanted to get fucked on this saddle," she said. "So come on cowboy" she smiled, "take me for a ride." 

I wasn't quite sure how this was going to work, but I got up and sat behind her. She moved forward so that her crotch was pressed against the horn of the saddle. My cock was pressed against her ass. As she leaned forward and started moving against the horn, rubbing her crotch, her ass went up and down on my cock. I reached in front and grabbed both of her tits and started kneading them. 

"Keep doing that Pete. Grab my tits! Do it harder!" She moaned, moving her ass against my hard cock, her pussy moving faster against the horn. 

"Oh God, this feels so good. This is so hot. I love fucking myself on this saddle." The more she moved, the more my cock pushed into her jean covered ass. I was holding her tits in my hands, feeling the nipples through her thin shirt, the movement of her ass on my cock driving me crazy.

Suddenly, she stood up with her feet in the stirrup and somehow turned to face me. She unbuttoned her cut offs, lifted one leg, wiggled her hips as she slid them down so that they were hanging by one of her boots. She was not wearing panties. Her feet were in the stirrups, her legs spread wide apart and her wet pussy was in front of my face, inches from my mouth. It was clear what she wanted. Sherry took my head and pulled me so that my mouth was on her pussy. She arched her back, pushing her pussy forward. "Eat me," she said, looking down at me. I put my hands on her ass and pulled her on to my tongue. "Come on, Peter, fuck me with your tongue."

Her legs were spread apart and my tongue lapped up her wet pussy. I was getting my tongue deeper into her as she pressed herself harder against my mouth. I found her clit causing her whole body to shudder every time my tongue touched it. 

"Ohhh yes, I love it, eat me, eat me," she yelled grabbing my hair, arching her back, her eyes looking straight up at the top of the barn, her hands pulling my hair, getting me deeper into her pussy, "Oh, my God, that feels so good. Come on, eat me harder. Harder!" 

I could tell she was on the verge of cumming as her body tensed and she started screaming, "Ohhhhhhh yes, I'm cummming, I'm cumming" and she placed the back of her hand in her mouth, trying to silence her screaming. My cock was straining in my jeans. I took one hand off her ass, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and managed to get my cock out. I don't think it has ever been so big and hard. It was like a spear. 

Suddenly, I took my mouth away from her pussy and said, "I want to fuck you. I want you!" Sherry looked down and saw my cock sticking straight up. "You look huge, like the horn on this saddle," she said. Her legs were spread wide and her feet were in the stirrups.

"Man, I want to ride you!" she said then sat down spreading her legs over my thighs straddling me. "Come on, Pete, take me for a ride." 

She placed her hands on my shoulders, straddling my thighs like I was the saddle and my cock was the horn and she lifted herself up and came down hard, my cock going straight up into her pussy. "Oh Fuck!" she screamed, muffling it with her hand and then put her teeth on my shoulder and bit down, so she wouldn't scream.

She lifted herself up again and brought her self down with a grunt from deep inside. She was riding my cock like it was the horn of the saddle.

"Come on, ride me baby, Ride me hard," I said as I lifted up her flimsy shirt and put one of her tits in my mouth. Her nipples were so extended. I was licking her nipples, sucking on them as hard as I could.

She moaned in my ear. "Oh, Pete, suck my tits. That's it. That's it." I managed to look up and could see she was looking down at my mouth ravishing her tits and my cock deep in her wet pussy. 

"Your cock is so big. It's filling me.Fuck me!" Her legs were in the stirrups and she was able to lift her self up again and came down hard on my cock. 

"Ohhhhhmygod! I love it!" She was riding me as if she was galloping on a stallion, going up and down, up and down, up and down faster and faster like she was racing for some ecstatic destination. "Oh, Jesus, this is driving me crazy," she growled through gritted teeth. I tried to keep her tits in my mouth, sucking them harder, but she was too wild and they were bouncing all over the place as she rode my cock. 

Finally, she grabbed her tits with her hands, twisting and pinching them as she rose up and down, faster and faster. Her pussy muscles were milking my cock and I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer as I pumped my swollen cock into her. 

"This is so wild," she said looking into my eyes. 

