 When I came in for dinner that night, Sherry wasn't there. Mary had a roast chicken which was served with baked potatoes and a salad made from the first of the spring's lettuce and spinach. Practically all of the food we ate came from the farm. Mary baked bread every day and always sliced it and placed it in a basket with a napkin. I loved her crusty bread especially with the fresh sweet butter.

I wondered where Sherry was but didn't want to ask. I didn't want her parents to know I was interested in her. I thought about our hot fucking in the barn that afternoon and her words, "how would you like some company tonight" and wondered what ideas she had in mind. These thoughts went through my mind as John handed me the plate of baked potatoes. I felt I was living in two levels of reality—the serious respectful apprentice and the horny guy who loved fucking their equally horny daughter. 

Mary got up from the table and called up stairs. "Sherry, come down, dinner is on the table. "I heard Sherry call back, "Coming Mom" and heard her footsteps on the stairs. When she appeared, I could see she had just taken a shower because her hair was still wet and her face glowed and had that just scrubbed look. She wore a short tight denim skirt that came down to mid thigh. She had a white tee-shirt on that clung to her body and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. I tried not to look at her but the sight of her tits and nipples made me gasp and whisper to my self, "Damn, she's a tease." Our eyes met briefly. She knew I liked how she looked, but we pretended to ignore each other. 

John turned to me and asked, "Did you hear about the farmers in Mexico whose corn got pollinated with genetically altered corn."

"No! That's horrible," I responded, shaking my head. 

"That's right," John went on. "Their corn is an ancient Mayan variety and the seeds have been passed down for centuries, but genetically altered corn planted nearby has spread through pollination and altered their ancient corn."

He took a bite of chicken and continued, "The same thing could happen here. That company and a few others are trying to take over the whole farm industry and make it so we have to use their seeds. If that happens, a farmer can't save seeds like we do for next year's crop because genetically engineered seeds are good for one year only."

While we talked, Sherry was listening, then added, "I saw this film at Brown in my Visions of the Future course called, 'The Future of Food' and that's what it was all about. It's disgusting what they're trying to do. They want to make us all dependent on them for seeds and say it's going to eliminate starvation in third world nations. What they're doing should be illegal but they have the full support of the government." 

I saw the rage in Sherry's eyes as she spoke. "A group of us went to protest the WTO Conference in Quebec two years ago and got tear gassed by the police," she said. "The fact that our government subsidizes big agri-business farms so they can compete with farmers in third world countries is forcing those poor farmers to lose their land, move into cities to work in sweat shops for multi-national corporations." 

Sherry was speaking with such knowledge and passion that I couldn't believe she was the same person I had fucked that afternoon. She took a deep breath and shook her head in disbelief. "I can't believe it is legal for those corporations and the government to do that. It's got to be stopped."

The conversation went on for awhile and I was impressed with how much Sherry knew about this issue and how passionate she was about the problems of globalization. 

Just then Mary stood up and said, "Sorry to interrupt such an important discussion, but who would like apple pie for dessert." 

I raised my hand and John got up to clear the table and follow Mary into the kitchen. When he and Mary left the dining room, Sherry looked over at me and smiled. Then she mouthed the words but without any sound so that I to read her lips, "I want to fuck you." I smiled, nodding I understood. Then Mary called from the kitchen, "Anybody like ice cream with their pie?" 

"I do," I shouted back. 

"Me, too," Sherry yelled. While we were waiting, Sherry leaned back in her chair and stretched her arms in back of her causing her tee-shirt to stretch across her tits. I knew she did that on purpose because she saw how I was staring her chest. She looked me in the eyes and smiled, then placed her hands on both of her tits and rubbed them, keeping her eyes staring at mine, teasing me and biting her lower lip. She removed her hands, just as her father came in with two plates of pie, followed by Mary with two more plates.

As I dug into the pie and ice cream, John asked if I had any plans for tonight. I quickly glanced over at Sherry but turned to John and said, "I'm working on a new poem and it's almost finished, so that's my plan.'

"I didn't know you wrote poetry," Sherry said. "I do, too. I love poetry and I'd love to see what you've written," she continued. 

I noticed John stiffen in his chair and look at me and cleared his throat but didn't speak. He didn't have to. The sudden silence said it all and was a warning. Finally Sherry spoke up. "Dad, your rule about me and apprentices is so dumb." She slammed her fork on the table, stood up and looked at her father. "It's stupid and you have to stop treating me like a baby. I don't need your protection." 

Sherry glanced at me then back at her father and left the room. Her actions surprised me, especially after our discussion on globalization. She certainly was a passionate person. 

I didn't know what to say or do so I just kept eating my dessert. The sudden change in mood at the table was awkward. I noticed John and Mary look at each other. Finally, Mary spoke up, "John, why can't they share their poetry?" She shook her head in disapproval of John's rule. 

Then John stood up and said, "Because I know where that will lead and I have my reasons for keeping Sherry away from apprentices."

Mary stood up and leaned forward with her hands on the table. I was caught in the middle of this disagreement and kept my eyes on my pie and ice cream. "You know as well as I do that your stupid rule is not going to stop Sherry from doing what she wants. You're making more of a problem than is necessary."

I was sorry I had said anything about writing poetry but didn't know that Sherry would say she wanted to see them. I was stunned by how such a pleasant dinner and great conversation suddenly became a battle of strong wills and that I was caught in this family's dynamics. 

Mary left the room and John sat back in a huff. He didn't speak and then turned to me and said, "Sorry about that. You might think I'm being an old fuddy duddy, but I have my reasons for that rule." I looked up at John and nodded I understood. I finished my ice cream then got up and said, "See you in the morning." I was in my cabin sitting in my chair with my notebook on my lap, trying to work on my poem. I tried to shut out what had happened at dinner. I had been writing for awhile and noticed it was close to nine o' clock. I had been working on this poem for a few days and was struggling with the last few lines. I wondered whether Sherry was going to sneak out of the house and got up to look out the window. The light was on in her room so I assumed she wasn't coming. Just then I saw the light go out and thought she was probably going to bed and wouldn't be coming "to keep me company."

I went back to my chair and started writing again. After ten minutes, I wrote the last line of the poem and read it over to myself. In a poem, all the lines are important. Every word counts, but the first and last line has to be especially perfect. I was pretty certain that I nailed it and wanted to read it to Sherry sometime.

I liked that Sherry was not just a sexy girl who liked to fuck. I liked how smart she was and how interested she was in the world. I liked how she thought about things and though we haven't had a chance to have any real conversations, I knew I wanted to know her better and wanted someone who was more than a fuck-buddy.

While sitting back with the notebook on my lap, I heard a light knocking at the door and then it opened. "Want some company," Sherry said, poking her head around the edge of the door. 

"Sure, come on in. I was hoping you would make it."

"I had to wait until Dad went to sleep. He was up later than usual with his calculator figuring out something."

Sherry was still wearing the short denim skirt. It was tight and clung to her hips and ass. She had on the same tee-shirt and I saw how her tits bounced as she moved. I looked up at her and noticed she had her light brown hair in two pig tails. Two dimples formed next to her mouth when she smiled, her eyes crinkled and she had the cutest little nose and high cheek bones like her mother. 

"You look so beautiful," I blurted out, surprising myself. "I love how you look and I love how you are."

Sherry blushed when I said that. She just looked at me. "Thank you Pete. That's sweet of you to say."

"Well, I mean it," I added. 

"How's the writing going? Sherry asked, noticing the notebook on my lap.

"Good, I just finished a poem," I said. "Can I read it?" she asked. 

"I don't know. Maybe later," I answered. 

She looked disappointed, so I said, "Let me read you the last two lines."

"Okay, that's better than nothing." She came over and sat on my lap.

I opened the notebook, found my page and read, "The sun that shines now on your lovely face, will rise tomorrow from my lyric heart."

"Hey, wow, that's really good," she said. "You're a real romantic, aren't you," she added, smiling and looking me in the eyes. She then leaned forward and kissed me, prying open my lips with her tongue. She pressed her tits into my arm and I returned her passionate kiss. We started kissing harder and she moaned into my mouth.

Suddenly, Sherry pulled away and looked at me. She got up from my lap, pulled me up by the hand so that we were both standing. We just looked at each other, smiling. She had her arms on my shoulder and then pulled me closer for a hug. I could tell our relationship was changing from being fuck buddies to really liking each other and wanting to know more about each other. 

"I think I'm getting a real crush on you, Pete," she said. "I like fucking guys but I don't let them get close. It's just sex for sex's sake," she added. "I usually keep my distance, but this is feeling different."

"I'm feeling that way about you, too, but I'm having trouble figuring you out," I added. ""When I heard you talk at dinner about your going to the WTO Conference to protest unfair trade practices, I was surprised. I know you're a good student and made the Dean's List, but then how you flirted with me when we first met and how we just started fucking, I didn't know what to think of you."

"You thought I was just a flirty slut, didn't you?" she said. "I don't blame you because of the way I started teasing you five minutes after we met and then a few hours later, we're fucking each other's brains out." She looked up at me and smiled.

"I didn't think you were a slut. I just thought you liked sex and you saw a guy you wanted to seduce. I think you like being wanted." 

"Right," she said, looking me in the eyes. "I like being sexy and turning guys on. It gives me a kind of power. I like the way guys look at me and I don't see anything wrong with that." She walked over to the bed then turned and looked at me with a serious expression on her face. I liked the way she looked directly in my eyes.

"I love my body and I love my mind. I love using both as freely and openly as I want. No one owns me. I'm in charge of what I think and of what I do. I have my own morality. I want to be free to fuck when I want, read and think what I want. Say what I want. Nobody can control me—not even my dad."

I was stunned by her words but really liked what she said. I just looked at her and didn't speak for a minute. Then I walked closer to her. "You're an amazing person, Sherry," I finally said. "I love your philosophy and want you to know something about me."

"What's that?" she asked, relaxing a little. 

"I believe we are each the star of our own movie. I don't want to be in any other person's movie and I don't want anyone forced to be in my movie." 

"Nice metaphor," Sherry said with a slight chuckle. "So what's your movie about Mr. Movie Star?" When she said that, I loved the playful sparkle in her eyes and smiled back at her. 

"I want to learn to live as self-sufficiently as possible. I want to live alongside main stream America but not in it. I want to grow as much of my food as I can. I want to build a solar house and live off the grid. I want to find a way to make a living in my home and not go off to work for some stupid job, just to make money."

"Nice movie," she said. "Sounds like you know what you want."

"I do," I said. "That's why I'm here working for your dad and I definitely don't want to get fired by getting caught being with you."

"We won't get caught. And anyway, Mom is on my side."

Just then she came over to me, put her arms around my neck and pulled me into her body. She looked up at me and smiled. "I like you a lot, Pete." She then put her hands on my ass and pulled me so that she was grinding into my cock. I pushed forward and put my hand on her ass and pulled her into me and we started grinding against each other's pelvic areas. Her tits were crushed against my chest. I then put my legs between hers and she started riding my thigh, rubbing herself up and down, pressing harder into my leg. "Ummmmmmm! That feels good," she whispered, riding my thigh. "Ummmmmm!"

I then pushed her towards the bed and she sat down. I got down on my knees between her legs. Her skirt slid up her thighs and I saw she wasn't wearing panties.

I spread her legs, but before I put my tongue into her already wet pussy, I looked at her big tits and nipples almost bursting through her tight tee-shirt as she lay back on the bed. I licked slowly along her thighs, moving from one then to the other then licked the crevice between her thigh and her pussy, licking lightly, feeling her squirming as I moved my tongue a breath away from her wetness, my tongue barely touching her pussy lips. 

"Mmmmmmmm," she moaned as I teased her pussy and then she gasped and suddenly pushed her pussy against my lips, "Oh, my, yes, yes, eat me, Pete. Eat my pussy. That's it." 

As my lust grew, I got my tongue in as deep as I could and Sherry was squirming and moving herself forward, pressing her pussy harder against my mouth. "Come on Pete. Eat me harder. I want it harder." 

I loved hearing her tell me what she wanted and how she responded. It inspired me to be more aggressive. My tongue then licked her clit and she shuddered and screamed, "Ohhhhhh, yeah, Jesus that feels good. Come on and fuck me with your tongue. EAT ME! EAT ME!" She reached down and grabbed my hair, pulling me deeper into her. I sucked on her clit, licking it and then moved my tongue in and out faster and harder, fucking her with my tongue, spreading her legs wider, my tongue moving in and out, swirling deep in her juicy pussy. "I'm cummmmng," she shouted. "Holy Jesus, I'm cummmmmmmming. Keep eating me! Ohhhhhmyyyyyygod," She screamed then pulled me by the hair to climb up on her. "Give me your cock, Pete. Come on, just fuck me!"

I pulled my jeans off and climbed on the bed and spread her legs even further apart, my hard cock ready for action. I took it in my hand and started rubbing her pussy lips with it. "Don't tease me," she shouted. "Just fuck me, now!"

I was above her, hovering on my knees with my cock at her entrance, her legs wide apart. I looked down at her pretty face. She looked up at me and smiled,"Do anything you want to me." 

I smiled. "I want to make love to you," I said. 

"Then make love to me, but do it hard. That's what I want."

I smiled at her and loved her spirit, her openness, her passion and how alive she was. I loved her mind and I loved her body and I wanted to give her as much pleasure as I could. 

"Give it to me!" she pleaded. "I want you to cum in me," and she lifted her body up to suck my cock into her.

I was holding my cock in my hand at the tip of her entrance. I moved it up and down a few more times and then plunged in. Sherry screamed, "Ohhhhhhh yes—Fuck me harder. That's it."

I was plowing into her with all my strength and started picking up speed as I rammed into her and felt her tight pussy muscles milking my swollen cock as I rammed and rammed, going faster and faster as she rose up to meet each thrust and fell back and lifted up again, swallowing my cock with each thrust, falling back to the bed. 

"Oh fuck, yes. That's it, that's it. That feels so good. Ohhhhhh, fuck, this is so good. Oh my god, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum. Keep fucking me. Don't stop! OHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK! HERE I COME! OHHH FUCK! I'M CUMMMMMING! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSS!" she screamed. 

I could feel my cum rising in my cock as I pounded her. I looked down at her tightly closed eyes. Her mouth was wide open. She then looked up at me, our eyes locked on each other and I could feel my cum rising. "I'm cumming, too." I shouted. I'm cummmmmming."

"Cum in me, Pete!" she screamed. 

I was picking up speed, thrusting harder. I put my hand under her ass, lifting her up to my cock, holding her there as I pounded her pussy, driving her back to the bed. "Ohhhhh. Keep doing that!" she screamed. 

I never fucked so hard in my life. I loved holding her by the ass as I rammed my swollen cock even harder.

"GIVE IT TO ME! GIVE IT TO ME! PETE," she screamed, looking at up at me. 

"Here it comes" I screamed. "I'M CUMMMMMMING! OHHHHHHHHHH!" I yelled as I thrust harder and faster.

Suddenly, I felt Sherry shuddering as my cumming triggered another orgasm and she screamed as it swept over her, "Ohhhhhh, my god! OHHHHHH MYGOD OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHFUCK!" 

My cum gushed into her sopping wet pussy and I kept ramming her as spurt after spurt came out and a thrilling trembling swept up my legs and through my body. "OHHHHH SHERRYYYYYYYY!" I screamed, holding her up against me as my cock stayed in her, my arms wrapped around her. I didn't want this to end. Finally, she fell back to the bed and I kept my cock in her as I lay on her body, both of us out of breath, gasping for air. 

I rolled off of her and we just lay there quietly, looking up at the ceiling, not speaking, our chests heaving as we tried catching our breath. I knew we were both thinking about what was happening between us. Still, we lay there in silence. 

Finally, she got up and straightened her skirt. She stood next to the bed. We still hadn't said words because our smiles said it all. She leaned down and kissed me gently on the lips, our eyes looking into each others eyes.

She then walked to the door and opened it. "And by the way, I'd like to co-star in your movie. "Good night."