 Note: This is my first story so go easy on me. It does start out slow but those are the stories I seem to enjoy on here. I want to see what I can do with it so I will continue if there is any interest. I wish it were a true story.

I only mentioned it as a joke. I didn't really think she would take me up on the offer. We had been chatting online and I had been watching her on her cam for a while. She had a wicked sense of humor, was incredibly smart and damn if she wasn't the girl next door in every man's dreams and fantasies. Quite often she would put on a show for her groupies on the internet. I was always amazed at how a girl so young could be so smart and sensual. She was only eighteen, another reason I didn't think she would actually meet me, I was more than twice her age at 38. 

She had just logged on when I saw her so I went into the chat room. The room was filling fast when I said "Hey Sandy, I'll be in your part of the world Wednesday and will be staying over the weekend, im me if you have some time, I'd love to buy you a beer."

She smiled and laughed a little. I figured that would be it but had to throw it out there. All of the sudden I had an im flash up from her. "Where will you be and why are you coming all the way out here." I responded that I had a conference from Friday until Saturday morning and since I had never been in England I was going early and staying late so I could see the sites. She responded "these sites" and then flashed those beautiful breasts on the webcam. Damn! I typed back that I hadn't meant it that way. She laughed a little more and typed back, where are you staying?" "Someplace called the Wellshire, I get into the airport at 9am" I responded. "Nice place and not too far from me" she responded. "I'll call you from the lobby after work around 4."

I just stared at the screen for a minute... Then I responded "I'll send you my itinerary." She smiled and blew me a kiss on the cam. "You better get back to the room before the beggars and groupies go nuts." She laughed and started chatting in the room. "Sorry guys, I had to take care of some stuff." With that the entertainment went on. It amazed me how she could have so many conversation at the same time. Some were intense and intelligent, others were chatty or gossipy and there were a couple that were playful. After a while she told the room she had to go and all they would be left with was a quick tease. With that she flashed her breasts and bared her ass real quick to the room. "I'm too worked up right now to tease you guys so good night." With that she left the room and so did I.

I had already emailed her my itinerary and before I logged off for the night, I checked my email and she had answered it saying that it looked like I will have a lot of time to see the sights and she was excited to meet me. We sent a few emails back and forth over the next couple of days, mostly about things to do, how long did it take to get to certain places and things like that. Before I knew it I was on the plane and almost there. I was feeling pretty good. I slept for the first few hours on the plane. When I woke up, I figured I would have a drink, even if it was morning. The guy sitting next to me said he'd have one too. We made small talk and before we knew it, we were pretty buzzed and the plane was landing.

I made my way to the luggage carousel, got my bags and followed the signs to the taxi line. As I was about to walk outside, I noticed someone holding a sign with my name on it. It was a very attractive blonde in a chauffer's suit. I walked up and introduced myself when a young man stepped up took my bags and said this way. As we walked, I asked the chauffer who ordered the car and she said she didn't know, It was on her assignment sheet this morning. She handed me a room key and told me I had already been checked in. It took less than 10 minutes to get to the hotel. As she opened the car door for me, I offered her a tip and she refused. I insisted as the bell hop took my luggage out of the trunk and disappeared. She still wouldn't take it and told me my room was 228 and to take a left when I got off the elevator. I aid thank you and put the tip into her bra. Man, those drinks were good, I thought to myself, I never would have done that back home. I got into the hotel and the bell hop was nowhere to be found. The concierge must have known that I was wondering where he was because she stepped up to me and told me that he had already taken my luggage up to my room. 

He was about to get on the elevator as I was getting off. I handed home a tip and said thank you. He smiled and told me to enjoy my stay. As I walked to my room, I was just amazed. I wasn't expecting this kind of service. I opened the door and walked into my room. It was freaking huge. I saw the luggage next to the dresser as I walked into the room. Then I saw a dinner table and turned the corner wondering what it was doing there. Standing right behind it here she was... I just froze in shock. "What the hell is going on" I uttered. She stood up and walked over to me, "is that how you greet the object of your desire?" I just laughed and gave her a hug. I had thought it would be awkward when we met but it wasn't. I must have been the mixture of the alcohol and the surprise to see her.

She told me to sit at the table and eat lunch. She joined me and we had a nice conversation. She told me that when I asked to meet her, she cleared her schedule and decided to be my personal guide while I was in town. As we finished lunch I commented that her groupies were going to be upset since I wasn't going to give her the time to be on cam. She laughed a little and said they would survive.

As I got up and left the table, she told me to have a seat on the couch in the next room.. She said she was going to give me a personal show but I couldn't leave the chair. She kneeled down and took my shoes and sox off, then pulled my shirt off. She told me the pants were up to me and then stepped back and started undressing herself, slowly teasing me. She unbuttoned her blouse and let it fall to the floor and unzipped her skirt as I watched her magnificent breasts in her white lace bra. Her skirt fell to the floor and her matching thong was 3 feet in front of me. I started to lean forward and she told me to lean back. I adjusted my already hard dick in my pants when she giggled and told me I could take them off as she turned around. Mmmmm there it was, her magnificent ass right in front of me. She bent over a little and unhooked her bra and let it drop straight down to the floor. I couldn't take it anymore and pulled my pants and boxers off in one fell swoop. She turned around and smiled. "That looks inviting" she said. I slowly started stroking myself and told her she could do whatever she wanted with it. She told me I'd have to take care of myself as she slowly pushed her panties down to her ankles. She sat on the coffee table and spread her legs for me. I thought I was going to have a heart attack right there.

She slowly teased herself in front of me. I was able to keep myself from jacking off faster somehow and watched her work herself up. I could see the wetness on her pussy lips when she stopped and reached into a bag next to the table. It was her purple vibrator. She turned it on low and started teasing her clit with it. She closed her eyes and massaged a breast with her free hand. After a minute or two, I felt myself getting ready to explode. She fell back onto the table and shoved the vibrator deep into her pussy having an orgasm instantly. Her quivering thighs and loud moans sent me over the edge and I started cumming. I shot load after load into the air with no regard to where it landed. I laid back trying to catch my breath. I couldn't believe what just happened. I closed my eyes for a minute and the next thing I knew, I was sleeping on the couch.

I woke up thinking I must have been dreaming. I got up off the couch and wandered around the room. I found a note on the desk that said "I'll be back around 4, get some rest –Sandy."

I looked around the room and saw that she had unpacked my clothes and set my laptop up for me. I took a quick shower and crawled into the bed. I wondered how did I get into this and what did I do to deserve such a treat as I drifted back off to sleep.