 Sherry was quiet at lunch, but she told John how well I did on the tractor and how much we got done. Mary had made a delicious vegetable soup. Sherry told her parents she was going to visit some one named Jenny and probably wouldn't be home tonight. She glanced over at me after she said that, then got up and left the room. I looked at her as she walked away, her tight jeans molding her ass and said to myself, "Damn, I'm addicted to her ass. I can't keep my eyes off of that ass of hers." 

After lunch, I went back to my cabin to rest and get cleaned up. I changed my jeans which were stiff from cumming in them. I was lying down on my bed staring up at the ceiling. At ten of three, I went to the truck and sat there wondering what Sherry's "movie" would be but remembered her say to look for a hitchhiker.

While I drove my truck down Rt. 177, I stopped at the intersection and then turned left and headed down the road towards town. There was no traffic and I drove looking out for someone hitchhiking. The road curved and just as I came around the bend, I saw a girl in a short skirt on the side of the road walking. As I approached she turned and put her thumb out. She was wearing sunglasses and had long red hair and was wearing a really short black mini skirt and a red turtle neck sweater. She had on cowboy boots and was carrying a backpack over her shoulder. I didn't recognize her but pulled over to the side of the road, wondering who this red headed hitchhiker was. 

She came to the truck and I leaned over to open the door and saw it was Sherry. "Interesting movie," I mumbled to myself as I looked at her red haired wig. 

"Hey, thanks for stoppin' mister," she said. "Ah been on this here road for an hour and yer the first one who came along." She smiled. "Can ah hitch a ride with ya, mister."

"Sure, get in." I said. "Where are you going?"

She climbed in my truck and threw her backpack in back of the seat. When she sat down, her short black skirt slid high on her thighs. I couldn't help but notice how her tits were stretching the tight red turtle neck sweater, her nipples jutting out as she leaned back. 

"Sure feels good to sit mah ass down," she said as she stretched out her long legs. She still had her sun glasses on. We hadn't moved yet and I asked again, "So where are you going?" 

"Don't know yet," she answered. "Ah'm just gettin' me as far from here as ah can." 

I looked at her then started up the truck. She turned to me and asked, "So where are you headin'?"

"I'm not sure," I answered. "Just out for a drive,"

"Well, ain't that nice," she said. "Ah guess Ah'm lucky you came along and was just takin' a drive."

I was having trouble keeping my eyes off of her thighs and the cowboy boots gave her long legs an extra sexy look. 

"So what's your name?" I asked, looking at her.

"Mary Jane," she answered. "What's yers?"

"Pete," I answered.

"Well, for Pete's sake," she said and laughed. "Ah knew a guy named Pete, once. He was a great fuck!"

"Really," I said surprised by her answer.

"Yeah, he's workin' on some farm near here, "she answered. "Man, he sure knows how to screw a girl," she went on. "Just thinking 'bout Pete gets me horny." 

I couldn't believe my ears as she spoke. I looked over at her as she ran her fingers through her long red hair. We drove for a few minutes as I tried to think of something to say. 

"So why do you want to get so far away from here?" I asked.

"Just to find fresh meat," she said. 

"Meat? I asked. "What do you mean?"

"You know. Cock. Big fat cocks."

"I see." 

"Do ah shock, you, Pete?" she asked, taking her sun glasses off. 

"Well, you are pretty blunt," I responded. 

"Can't help it if ah like to fuck, she said, putting the end of the sun glasses in her mouth and sucked on them. She then turned in the seat to face me and leaned her back against the door. She put her legs up on the seat and spread her legs so that I could see up her skirt. She wasn't wearing panties and I could see her pussy.

"Like what you see, Pete," she said, looking at me. "Ah bet Ah'm turning you on, ain't I Pete?"

"You're a cock tease," aren't you?" I asked. 

"What makes you think that?" she asked, twirling her sunglasses in her hand. She then stretched one of her legs out and put it my thigh. "Well, ah do think ah see somethin' big in your pants, Pete," she said. "Am Ah getting' you all hot and bothered."  

"You know you are, Mary Jane." 

"So what are you goin' to do about that, Petey." 

My hands were tight on the steering wheel. I had trouble keeping my eyes on the road and not on Mary Jane's hot body. While I was driving she moved her boot on to my cock and started rubbing my crotch. 

"Guess what, Pete?" she asked.

"What?" 

"Ah'm horny." 

"Oh, yeah. And what are you going to do about that?" 

"Ah got a good idea, Pete," she said. "There's a motel near here called the Riverside Motel. They got pretty cheap rooms. We could go there and fuck," she said. "You do want to fuck me, don't you, Pete?" When she said that, she pushed her boot harder into my cock. 

"It's only five minutes from here," she said. "Come on. Let's do it."

I drove up the road, came around a bend and saw the Riverside Motel. It looked pretty shabby. 

I pulled into the parking lot. "You go and get us a room, Pete, and ah'll wait here."

She moved her foot away from my crotch. I didn't want to go in the office with a tent in my pants. So I sat for a few minutes. I looked over at Mary Jane who opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue and moved it up and down as if she were licking my cock. I had never met anyone so sex-crazed and she was getting me hot. 

Finally, I went up to the office and registered for a room. I went over to the truck and opened her door. She grabbed her back pack and walked in front of me to the room. Her tiny black mini skirt was tight on her ass and she knew I was watching her sway as she walked. 

"Ah bet you want mah ass, don't you Pete," she said, turning her head back to look at me, smiling. 

When I opened the door, she threw her backpack on the bed. She turned to me and pushed me into the closed door. She then grabbed my balls and started rubbing my cock, "Ah want this cock in me, now," She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down. My cock was standing straight out. 

"Come on and fuck me, " she said, moving back to the bed and laid down, her tight skirt slid up over her hips, reveling her pussy and she spread her legs wide apart, her long red hair was spread out in back of her on the bed.

"Ya want mah tight cunt, don'tcha?" she asked, looking into my eyes. She put her hand on her pussy and started rubbing herself. "Come on and give me a good hard fuck." 

I got on the bed between her spread legs, grabbed her hands and pushed them over her head, her big tits straining against her tight shirt. I then wrapped one hand around my hard cock and put it on her pussy. I wanted to tease her and get her wild so I moved the tip of my cock up and down her wet slit, putting the tip in her just slightly, teasing her.

"God damn it, Pete, stop teasing me-- just fuck me hard. Do it!" 

I continued moving my cock up and down her wet pussy, loving the sensation on the tip of my hard cock. 

"Come on, you bastard, give it to me." She lifted her ass off the bed, trying to suck my cock into her. "Fuck me hard! Give it to me!"

Suddenly, I let loose and rammed my cock into her pussy and couldn't believe how tight she was. I had to push hard to open her up and each thrust made her rise up and scream, "Give it to me. Give it to me hard, Fuck me!" I was fucking her as hard as I could and my balls were banging against her ass as she rose higher, arching her back to take me in deeper. "FUCK ME" she yelled. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! OHHHHHHHHH PETE! I LOVE HOW YERUFUCKING YOUR LITTLE SLUT!"

Suddenly, she surprised me and bucked me off of her on to my back. I couldn't believe how strong she was as she climbed on top of me.

"I want to ride your cock." She said, straddling me, She grabbed my cock, rose up and came down hard on my cock. "AHHHHHHHH" she screamed. 

She was bouncing up and down, up and down, up and down and I was lifting myself up to thrust into her as deep as I could. Her head was thrashing from side to side. She grabbed her own tits, holding them in her hands as she rode me harder. Her eyes were closed and her mouth wide open and she bounced up and down on me, her hair flailing in all directions. 

She then pulled her shirt off and threw it across the room. She then leaned forward, her tits dangling in front of my mouth as she rocked back and forth so that her clit was rubbing against my cock. 

"Come on, ride my cock, baby," I shouted as she moved back and forth harder and faster. I then put my finger in her ass hole and that made her bolt forward screaming, "Oh, my god. Oh, my god, Ohhhhhhhhhhhgod." She was out of control.

I could feel my sperm rising in me and yelled, "I'm cummming. Oh fuck I'm cummmmming!"

She rocked harder and faster. I kept my finger in her ass hole as she squirmed all around my cock, gyrating on me, gripping my cock. I looked up at her red hair as she thrashed her head from side to side, her eyes closed as we both were heading for an orgasm.

"I'M CUMMMMMING I'M CUMMMMMING!' she screamed 'DON'T STOP DON'T STOP! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

Just then she grabbed her hair and pulled off the red wig. I saw Sherry looking into my eyes, biting her lower lip, as she kept riding me. 

I then flipped her over on her back, grabbed her hips and roughly turned her onto her stomach. "GET ON YOUR KNEES!" I shouted. 

On her knees, she lifted her ass to me and started wiggling it at me like a bitch in heat. I took my swollen cock and plowed it into her dripping pussy and started pounding her with all my strength. I leaned over her back and whispered into her ear, "I love your tight cunt!" 

"Then fuck it, damn it. Fuck me harder." I couldn't believe how much she could take. "FUCK ME! HARDER! GIVE IT TO ME!" 

I held her hips and rammed my cock as deep as I could. Sherry was screaming into the pillow, grabbing the sheets. She turned her head to look at me and yelled,,"FUCK ME. FUCK ME." Her mouth was wide open and she closed her eyes and screamed as an orgasm swept over her. "OH FUCK! I'M CUMMMING! OHHHHHHHFUCCCCCKKKKKK!" 

I kept fucking her, getting her to orgasm again and again and could feel I my cock swelling as I was about to explode. I held her hips and kept ramming into her tight cunt. 

"DON'T STOP! GIVE ME YOUR CUM!"

Sherry's pussy was so hot and tight on my cock. I was getting closer. Suddenly, I felt a tremble roll through me from my toes, up my legs, my spine as my cock swelled. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" I yelled with each thrust as my hot sperm shot out and into her wet pussy in a big gush. 

I kept fucking her until she milked every bit of my cum into her and it started dripping out. I didn't want to take my cock out of her as she collapsed and I lay limply on top of her with my cock resting deep in her pussy. We were sweating and panting heavily. I pulled out and loved laying on her with my soft cock nestled in the crack of her ass, loving the wet warm stickiness on our bodies. 

We were quiet, still panting heavily and then she reached for her red wig and put it on and turned to face me. "Ah can't believe you took advantage of a little ole hitch-hiker," she said. "Are you going to keep me here like ah'm a prisoner?"

"Yes," I said.