 I started working as an apprentice on John Allen's farm in April and was eager to learn all I could from him about farming so that I would be able to start my own homestead in a few years. He set me up in the apprentice cabin on the other side of the field about a hundred yards from the house. It was a small cabin with a wood stove, a bed, a soft arm chair and a bureau. An outhouse sat about 20 feet from the back door. 

John was in his fifties, had long gray hair, a shaggy beard and reminded me of an old hippy from the sixties. His wife, Mary was around the same age but her long hair was still dark and her skin was smooth and radiant. When she smiled, dimples formed just below her round cheeks and her blue eyes crinkled. They worked hard and I enjoyed having dinner with them in the evening, hearing stories and John's philosophy on this and that. I was their only apprentice, but they told me their daughter would be home from college soon and she worked with them for the summer. 

I didn't think much about that until the day she arrived just in time for dinner. When she ran up to her parents and hugged them and said how good it was to be home, I was struck by how gorgeous she was and sexy. I could not take my eyes off of her tight jeans and round ass. 

"Hi. I'm Sherry," she said, when she saw me sitting at the table. "Guess we'll be working together this summer," she added as she came to the table and we shook hands. 

"I'm Pete. Really glad to meet you," I said. 

I noticed her blue eyes and her friendly, dimpled smile like her mother's. I could see how much they looked alike though Sherry had light brown hair, almost blond that came down just below her shoulders. She was a little taller—about five foot three and slender with sturdy hips that added to her curves. As she walked around the kitchen, looking at everything, touching the counter, the refrigerator, the cook stove, I tried not to look at her but it was difficult. 

"I really missed being home," she said to her parents as she walked into the living room area separated from the kitchen by the big cook stove and a brick chimney. Her tight yellow tee shirt strained against her grapefruit sized tits and I could see her nipples through the thin material. She was obviously not wearing a bra. 

Our eyes met a few times while she was talking to her parents and she smiled when she glanced at me. One time she looked at me, keeping her eyes on mine, smiling devilishly. We both felt an immediate attraction and I knew something was going to happen between us. Little did I know what an adventure it would become. 

While her mother was busy getting dinner ready, Sherry walked into the living room and plopped down on the couch. I was sitting at the kitchen table looking at a farming magazine but noticed she was leaning back against the couch, sitting with her legs stretched out in front of her and fairly wide apart. Again our eyes met. She smiled and it was clear she was sending me a teasing message. I glanced down at her crotch then at her eyes and felt myself getting aroused by the sexual energy that was flowing between us. She was definitely a tease. 

"Come on, dear," her mother said, "dinner is on the table." 

Sherry came and sat down next to me at the round oak table. While she talked to her parents her thigh touched my thigh. When she passed the plate of mashed potatoes to me, her hands grazed mine and she looked me in the eyes, smiling, "Here Pete. You look like a man who likes to eat." She then rubbed her leg harder against my thigh as if sending me a special suggestive message with her words and touching. 

During dinner, she talked mostly to her parents, but kept her leg pressed against mine and one time she placed her hand on my thigh and rubbed and then squeezed me. She asked me where I was from. I told her I was from a small town outside of Philadelphia and graduated last year from College of the Atlantic in Maine. 

She told me she was a philosophy major at Brown University. I was impressed when she told her parents she made the Dean's List and first prize for her essay on the Ethics of Aristotle. Sherry was not only sexy, she was smart. 

When her mom brought home-made ice cream to the table, "Wow, mom, my favorite dessert," she said. "I'm so glad to be home." 

While she spoke, Sherry put her foot around mine and moved it closer to her. It was like our feet were hugging and I was amazed at how forward she was since we had just met an hour or so earlier. When we finished the ice cream, Sherry was licking the ice cream off the spoon with her tongue, glancing at me while she licked but was slyly discreet. 

Her parents were not aware of the hot flirting that was going on. I'm shy and hesitant around girls, but Sherry was the opposite and things were heating up quickly between us. I could not believe this was happening, wondering where this was leading. 

Sherry helped her mom clear the table while John and I talked about some of the things we were going to do the next day. I couldn't keep my eyes off of Sherry's ass and tits. While she helped her mom, she glanced at me and our eyes met then quickly turned away so that John and Mary wouldn't notice. 

Finally, I got up and said I was going back to my cabin to read. Usually, I was asleep by nine because we started work at six. I did the chores in the barn, milked the cow, fed the chickens, gathered the eggs, filled their water, then went over to the pigs and filled their trough with grain, pouring some milk over it, shoveled manure in the barn yard into the compost pile and then went up to the house around seven for breakfast. 

My cabin was comfortable and I liked sitting in the soft easy chair with a book. The glow from the lamp over the chair made the room cozy. About an hour later, I heard footsteps outside and noticed a flashlight coming from the main house to my cabin. Then there was a knock at the door and before I could say, "Come in," Sherry was there. When she entered she didn't say a word but smiled and looked me in the eye. She had the tight jeans on but had changed her shirt to a black tank top with a low neckline that barely contained her tits. 

"Want to smoke a joint with me," she asked. 

"Sure," I said, surprised that was the first thing she said. 

"Cool," she said, smiling and took one already rolled out of her pocket. "I love smoking weed. It gets me so horny."

"Really!" I responded and smiled. "What do you like to do when you're horny?" I asked, already knowing her answer but wanting to hear the words come from her mouth. 

"Fuck. I love to fuck and I like it rough," she said and laughed as she lit the joint, 

took a hit and passed it to me. I nodded, smiling at her, liking how blunt and direct she was. 

She went to the bed and flopped down, smiling at me. 

"By the way, I'm on the pill,' she said, "'in case you're interested."

I nodded. 

"And clean—no bad stuff," she added. 

"Thanks for the news," I said, smiling. "Me,too," I added. 

I took a hit and then went and sat on the edge of the bed and handed her the joint. 

"Did my dad tell you his rule about me and apprentices?" she asked.

"No, what rule?"

"I'm a no, no," she said. "Off limits."

"Really, why?" 

"It's stupid but he's very over protective and you're here to work and learn," she said.

"You don't make it easy to obey that rule," I said, passing her the joint. 

"I know," she said, grinning at me."But it wasn't a problem until the last few years and he got uptight about me and the apprentices. "He still thinks I'm daddy's little girl." 

I nodded, taking the joint from her, looking at her, thinking how pretty she was leaning against my pillow, still surprised at how quickly things were happening between us. We took a few more hits and then just looked at each other's eyes and didn't speak. We were both stoned. 

"I bet you think I'm a big flirt, don't you?" 

"Well, aren't you?" I answered, looking into her eyes, smiling.

"Kind of, I guess, but what can I say, I like adventure," she shrugged her shoulders. 

"But you will see, I'm a lot more than meets the eye. You'll find out."

"Oh, so you are a woman of mystery," I said. 

"You'll find out," she repeated. "Let's say, I'm smart and I know what I like and what I don't." She paused, looking at me. "I'm honest about myself and though I like fun, I'm also serious about a lot of things in life—you'll see."

"Hmmm, intriguing," I said. "I'm looking forward to getting to know you better." I put the joint down on the table next to my bed. 

"I am looking forward to getting to know you, too," she said, that devilish smile returning as she looked into my eyes. 

She then put her hand on my thigh and started to rub it. I put my hand on her thigh and she spread her legs apart. She moved her hand up to my cock which was getting hard and bulging in my jeans. I moved my hand slowly closer to her pussy but didn't touch it. She then grabbed my shirt, gripping it tightly in her fist and pulled me down and we kissed, gently at first then harder, our tongues swirling as we kissed. I then placed my hands on her pussy and started rubbing her as she grabbed my cock through my jeans.

Our kissing and touching was quickly getting hotter until we both pulled our mouths apart, gasping for a breath of air. Our eyes looked hungrily into each others eyes. 

She then lay back on the bed, put her hands on her tits, holding each one in her hands, rubbing and squeezing them through her tank top, looking into my eyes. Watching her was so hot and though I was shy, I was not inexperienced and remembered how she said she liked it rough and that's what I wanted to have happen. 

While she played with her tits, I rubbed her pussy harder, moving my hand back and forth over her mound. I could tell she was getting hotter, her tongue biting her bottom lip, her eyes fixed on mine. She then put her hand on the bulge in my jeans, moving up and down the length of my hard cock then smiled, "Feels like you got a big weapon in there, mister." 

I smiled and rubbed her pussy even harder, getting rougher as she grabbed my cock harder through my jeans. The pot was getting us hornier. I love playing with a girl's pussy, teasing her until she screams for me to fuck her. I was gong to tease Sherry until she begged for my cock. While I rubbed her pussy, she raised her ass off the bed, pushing harder against my hand. I then pushed her tank top over her tits revealing their luscious roundness and aroused nipples. I leaned down and started licking her nipples. I was sucking and licking her harder and rubbing her crotch harder and she moved her head from side to side, her moaning getting louder.

"Umm that feels so good. I like what you're doing to me, Peter. Lick me harder."

"My cock is so hard. But I'm going to make you beg for it," I said, lifting my head and looking up at her hungry eyes. 

"So you're a big tease," she said and smiled. "You think you can hold out. I know guys like you just want to pound a girl's pussy." She put her hand on my cock again and started rubbing harder through my jeans. After a few minutes she found the zipper and managed to get my cock out. "You're so hard and big." 

I leaned over and started sucking her other tit and continued playing with her pussy through her tight jeans while she played with my cock. As I rubbed her harder, she was arching off the bed, pushing her self against my hand, breathing faster and moaning louder.

Our eyes were locked on each others eyes as I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. They were so tight but I managed to snake my fingers down to her wet pussy, surprised she wasn't wearing panties, loving how tight her jeans were pressed on my hand as I squeezed my fingers against her wet pussy lips. We didn't speak but just watched each other's pleasure. She bit her bottom lip, moaning louder as I found her clit, gasping and squirming, forcing my finger deeper. Our eyes were still locked on each other. She then let go of my cock and reached in back of her to grab the metal railing at the top of my bed. She lifted her ass pushing her pussy against my finger screaming,"Harder! Harder! Do it harder!" 

I then moved my finger into her pussy, feeling how tight and wet she was. She closed her eyes as I went deeper, moving my fingers in and out, loving the aroma of her sex. 

I enjoyed looking at her face as she bit her lower lip and lifted her pussy harder against my hand, squeezed there by the crotch of her tight jeans. I then entered another finger and moved it harder and faster and she gasped and shook. "Ohhhhh Pete, keep doing that," she moaned. I then leaned forward and started licking her nipple, lightly at first and then she let go of the railing, grabbed my hair, pushing my mouth harder against her tit. "Mmmmmm. I like that," she screamed. "Suck 

my tits harder. Harder! Harder! Oh fuck! This is so hot!" 

I then switched to the other tit and took my fingers out of her wet pussy and rubbed her wetness on the other tit then started sucking and licking her wet, juicy nipple.

After a few minutes of sucking and playing with her tits, I sat up on my knees between her wide spread leg, straining her tight jeans. She then reached up and pulled me down on her so that my cock was pressed against her jean covered pussy. My cock was big and hard and I loved grinding my hardness against her. Again, we just looked into each other's eyes. She smiled up at me and then we kissed, grinding against each other, her legs wide apart. Our tongues swirled around each other's mouths as we kissed fiercely. We both moaned as we kissed and started humping and grinding with more intensity, fucking each other through our unzipped jeans. She was lifting her ass up as we pounded into each other. Suddenly, Sherry stopped kissing and looked me in the eyes and said, "Fuck me. I'm so hot. Fuck me, now! Please!" 

I ignored her and got back on my knees, looking down at her spread legs and the wet crotch of her jeans. She looked so sexy, our eyes looking hungrily at each other. 

"Fuck me," she yelled. "I need your cock in me."

I smiled and started pulling off her tight jeans. She lifted her ass, squirming and helped me get them off of her. I looked down at her trimmed pussy hairs and her wet glistening pussy, her legs spread wide apart, so open for me. 

I took my cock out of my unzipped jeans and started rubbing the tip up and down the outside of her pussy lips, just teasing her, looking at her hungry eyes as I rubbed, loving the sensation of her pussy on the tip of my cock.

"You like the way my cock feels, don't you?" I rubbed her pussy slowly and a little harder with the tip of my cock and smiled as she lifted her self up trying to get my cock in her pussy. 

"Don't tease me, damn it. Give me that cock. Fuck me, now, you bastard!"

I smiled and then suddenly stood up on the bed, looking down at her. She looked up at me above her. My hard cock was standing straight out of my unzipped jeans as I straddled over her. She couldn't take her eyes off my cock.

"You look like a giant warrior above me and I'm your captive. Are you going to rape me?"

I didn't say a word as I looked down at her staring up at my cock standing straight out over her. Her legs were spread wide apart. Her engorged wet pussy was red and open. I lowered my jeans, taking them off as I stood above her, looking into her lust-filled eyes.

I then got back on my knees, grabbed her feet and put her legs on my shoulder. I lowered my mouth to her dripping pussy and started licking, my tongue moving slowly up and down, teasing her with the tip of my tongue as she writhed, lifting herself, pushing her pussy harder against my tongue. 

"Eat me," she screamed. Eat my pussy! Harder! Harder! Ohhhh God. Eat me." She grabbed my hair, pulling me into her, lifting her pussy even harder against my mouth, desperately trying to get my tongue deeper. She was out of her mind. I then found her clit and sucked and licked it, lightly at first and then suddenly licked her as hard and fast as I could. That took her over the edge and she shuttered with an intense orgasm. "OHHHHHHHH GOD! I'M CUMMMING! OHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK! OHHHHHHHHHHH FUCCCCCCKKKK!" she screamed, as spasms shook, squirting warm cum onto my tongue. When she came down from her orgasm, she lay there panting, "Oh wow that was intense," she gasped, her legs still on my shoulder as I sat up on my knees. 

I took my cock in my hand and moved the tip gently against her juicy slit, moving slowly, her eyes looking up at me as she closed her eyes. I was teasing her again,moving the tip of my cock from the bottom of her pussy to the top, just grazing her clit. Each time I touched her there, she shuddered, but with each touch going a little deeper and then pulling back. She was lifting her ass trying to suck my cock into her, but I wanted her to beg. 

"Two can play this game," she said, looking up at me, falling back to the bed. "You want to fuck me, don't you?" 

"What makes you think I want to fuck you?" I answered, smiling, somehow finding the strength to not just take her, I was so ready, my cock throbbing with the lust for her. 

"Cause your big fat cock is so hard and you think you can make me your slave and play with me until I'm crazy with lust." She smiled and looked me in the eye. "Well, fellah, you've met your match with teasing." And she suddenly squirmed away from me. She took her legs off of my shoulders and with her feet against my chest kicked me back from her. She pushed harder, both feet on my chest forcing me up on my knees. She then quickly got up on her knees, facing me. 

"If you want me, you're going to take me and I'm not going to be as easy as you think."

"Hey! What do you think you're doing?" I shouted, surprised at her actions.

"If you think you can control me with your cock and make me your little fuck toy, you've got another think coming, buddy." 

We were both on our knees, looking into each other's eyes like warriors. She had a sly, devilish smile on her lips. "I was on the girls' wrestling team this year and believe me I can take care of myself." 

I was learning new things about Sherry as I saw the fire in her eyes.

"I can see how horny you are," she said. "I know you want to fuck me, so come on, big boy, come and try to get me."

As I moved towards her on my knees, she moved forward towards me and then suddenly grabbed me by the shoulders and pulled me down hard on the bed and then flipped me over on to my back. I was amazed at how strong she was. She was sitting on my stomach, pinning my shoulders to the mattress. 

"How'd you like that, big boy," she laughed, her tits dangling in front of my face. 

When I reached up to grab them, she slapped my hands away, grabbed my wrists and put them above my head, holding them there. She was sitting on my stomach and I could feel my cock at her ass as she leaned forward, pinning me to the bed. Quickly, she sat straight up s reached her hand in back of me, grabbed my balls, holding them in the palm of her hand, looking into my eyes. My cock had never been so hard. She then wrapped her hand around my cock and wiped her cum juice on me.

"You're the one who is going to beg," she said, smiling down at me, moving her hand up and down my slippery cock. "You really want to fuck me, don't you?" she asked. "Say it. Tell me what you want."

I couldn't believe how the tables had turned. She had become a little vixen from one minute to the next. I tried to lift her off me as I squirmed beneath her. She was strong and held my arms with one hand while she played with my cock with the other.

"I want you to beg to fuck me," she said. "Come on, Peter, say it. I can feel how hard your cock is. You want me, don't you?" 

"You want it just as much as I do," I said. "I'm not going to beg." 
