 I pulled into a parking space and sighed deeply looking over at the store. I hated grocery stores, they were always so crowded no matter what time of day it was. Usually some one really slow got in my way, slowing my process to the aisle I needed, and I could count on the fact that I was going to get some new employee at the cash register that had no freaking clue on how to work the damn thing. 

I slammed the car door and started walking quickly to the front doors. Even though my gait was much faster than my normal pace, the heads of men still turned to me, and watched me walk. I’m not drop dead gorgeous, no super model here, but I am pretty, and possess a sexual aurora around me that I can do nothing about. I’ve been told by many that my body emulates sex, and that even my natural scent has the undertones of the musky, semi-sweet smell of sex. I can agree with that, from my long strawberry blonde hair to the fair complexion of my face, with its high cheekbones, wide-set, big cornflower blue eyes outlined with long black lashes, to my naturally curved eyebrows, down to my full red pouty lips. Going down to my hour glass figure, with D sized breasts, tapering down to a smaller waist, then curving back out to wide hips down to long toned legs, and a big but firm ass. I knew I was sexy. 

I reached the front doors of the store, after many slight smiles and nods to the men that watched me and the throwing off of the jealous looks of their wives or significant others. I walked briskly to the aisle, grabbed the cat food I needed, and headed to the express lane. I hated the express lanes, it was never quick enough. Some jack-off always got into the line with more than what was allowed by the sign that always reads, “12 items or less” and instead of the cashier telling them to pack it up and move to a non-express lane, they always just checked them out. 

As I stood there, giving angry looks to the asshole in front of me that clearly had at least 30 or more items instead of 12 or less, I noticed a man staring at me. Not unusual, except he stared at me as though he where in utter amazement at the fact that I was standing right there. I gave him a smile, and he blushed, casting his eyes down. This made me smile more, he was a young man. I say young, but probably only five years my junior, which would have placed him around 20. I began to take glances at him. He had looked at me as though he knew me, and I was trying to place him, though my memory was completely blank.

I forgot about him once I was able to lay the cat food on the conveyor, pay for it, and head out the door, happy to finally be done with the hated grocery store. As I was leaving I heard someone calling behind me, I turned my head, typical thing to do, though I figured that the “hey’s” weren’t intended for me. I was wrong. I saw the man that had been staring at me coming closer. I stopped and waited for him to catch up, smiling as I watched him hurrying my way. I said nothing as he came close to me, just looked at him, waiting for him to state what he wanted. 

“Hey, is your name Jessi?”

I looked at him, my eyes narrowing, as I looked upon this handsome man’s face, still unable to place him. I answered slowly.

“Yes, it is.” 

He smiled widely, looking so excited by the fact that my name was indeed Jessi. But that hint of shyness came back to him when he asked the next question. He asked it in such a quiet voice that I had a hard time hearing him.

“Do you write erotic stories and post them on Literotica?”

He looked around, making sure that no one was near by that might have heard the question. I smiled and gave a low laugh. 

“Yes I do.” 

The shyness over took him then, and he began to fidget, his hands clasping and unclasping. He played with his fingers a bit, and stared down at his feet. I grabbed his busy hands to stop them. He kept his head down but lifted his eyes towards mine. I smiled kindly, but questioningly. He cleared his throat and began to speak again. 

“I thought it was you. You use to have a picture of yourself on your story page, and I always thought that you were so sexy. And now that I see you in person, you’re even prettier than in the pic. I’m a really big fan of yours. I love all of your stories, I think they are really hot and I think you are too.”

He ran all of these sentences together. He talked so fast and blushed so hard when he spoke his words, that my interest in him began to peak. I smiled wider as I heard him praising the stories that I write. He brought his hand up to his hair and nervously brushed his fingers through it, as he waited for me to respond.

“Thank you very much, for both complements.” I gave him a little wink. 

“Well Hon, I must get to my car, this cat food is starting to get rather heavy.”

“Oh yeah, sorry.”

“No it’s okay. I loved hearing from a fan of my writing in person.”

I turned to walk to my car but he called to me again. I turned around, a questioning look on my face.

“Hey, do you think that, I don’t know, maybe we could meet each other again. For dinner or something?”

I smiled again, happy that he had asked the question. 

“That would be nice.”

“Ummm…maybe tonight?” 

I laughed and said teasingly, “boy you waste no time huh?” 

Though I was very excited about seeing him again so soon.

He laughed and shook his head.

“Tonight would be fine.”

“I get off at seven.”

“Then I’ll just meet you up here at seven. Sound good?”

“Yeah okay.”

“All right see you tonight.”

I turned and walked away. Getting into my car I saw him still standing there and I smiled to myself as I drove off. 

For the rest of the day my thoughts kept going back to the shy young man. I had been flattered by his comments and in awe of his reserveness. I hadn’t met many men that didn’t just take what they wanted from me. But this man had been so sweet, not issuing forth the regular words that I was use to. Words like, “I want to fuck the hell out of you,” or “come on baby show me those tits and that fine ass.” I got so tired of that, but this one was different. 

As seven o’clock rolled around I got ready, and started back up to the store. I had decided to wear a white peasant top with sleeves that came off the shoulders and curved down to show some cleavage. I made my cleavage look even better with a strapless push up bra. With the blouse I wore a blue wrap around skirt that stopped just below mid-thigh, and a pair of high-heeled sandals. I pulled up to the, “no parking zone” and saw him standing there waiting. Rolling down the window I called to him and he slowly came my way. When he opened the car door he stopped and stared. That blush came back but I saw the approval in his eyes. He smiled slightly.

“You look very pretty Jessi.”

“Why thank you…” I began to laugh. “You know in the heat of the moment this afternoon I forgot to ask what your name is.”

“Oh it’s Timothy, but you can call me Tim.”

“Alright then, thank you Tim.” 

“You’re welcome.”

“So, where is it you want to eat?” 

“I don’t know.”

“Hmmm..I was thinking about O’Charley’s. What do you think?”

“Sounds good to me.”

“K, let’s go. We’ll probably already have to wait to be seated but it shouldn’t be that long.” 

He nodded but said nothing. On the way to the restaurant I watched as he stole glances at me, but there was no conversation. In his face I could see his eagerness to have this night turn out good. I decided then that I would try to give him a most memorable night. 

At dinner we held small talk, mainly I answered questions about my stories. I could see his growing excitement as I explained how some of my stories were true experiences that I had had, and how others I just pulled from the air. He liked to talk about the ones that were true the most, and being a very open person I answered all of his questions in complete detail. 

We got back in the car after dinner, and he had a sad look on his face.

“What’s the matter Tim?”

“Oh I was just thinking that I didn’t want this to end so soon.”

I smiled and put my hand on his knee. He gave a little jump at my touch. 

“It doesn’t have to end right now.” My voice was low and sensual.

He nodded at me, “Where are we going to go now?” 

“We could go to my house, it’s not far from here or we could go to the lake, it’s not far from here either.”

“Lake sounds good.”

I smiled, “Good.”

Once we reached the lake I drove around until I found a shelter that wasn’t occupied. When we got out of the car I went to the back and produced a blanket, and we walked down to where we could see the water.

It was very pretty, and for a while both of us looked out over the water as we watched the sun go down. The sky was beautiful with tints of red, orange, pink, and purple. The water reflected those colors, making it look as though the lake was on fire. As we watched I felt his hand go to mine and hold it. I smiled slightly and turned my head to look at him.

“Beautiful isn’t?”

“Yes.” 

“So, what would you like to talk about now?”

He didn’t answer but leaned his head toward mine, planting a soft kiss on my lips. I moaned as he pulled back, and leaned my head forward again. This time the kiss was more passionate. I felt his tongue come out and graze my lower lip, causing me to moan yet again. But just as the kiss was getting good he pulled back and dropped his head down. I looked at him astonished.

“What’s wrong?” My voice was a little shaky from the growing desire in me.

“Well, I think that there is something I should tell you, but I don’t know how to say it.”

I smiled, “Just say it Sweetie.” 

“I’ve not been with many girls.” He sighed deeply, this confession seeming to take all of his pride away.

“I see.”

He blushed.

“That’s nothing to be ashamed about you know.” 

“I’m just, I’m just a little shy when it comes to girls.”

“I understand.” 

I brought my hand to his face and slowly turned it back towards me. 

“I will do nothing that you feel uncomfortable with Timothy.”

“That’s just it. I want you to do everything to me, and maybe that’s wrong because I just met you. And maybe it’s wrong too because I don’t really know how to start.” 

I said nothing to him, but brought my lips to his, kissing him softly. This time I brought my tongue out and licked his lower lip slowly, and he moaned. I felt his hands go up into my hair, and he brought my head closer, making the kiss more passionate. Both of our tongues now dancing with one another. 

One of his hands left my head and traveled slowly to my breasts. He massaged it delicately, letting his fingers linger on my nipple that had already started to become hard. He pressed his thumb against it, causing me to sigh deeply. He moved his hand and laid it flat on my chest, pressing against it, laying me back. I made the decent slowly not wanting to give up the contact with his lips. 

Once I was laid down he moved to lie on top of me. I felt his hardened cock pressed against me. I wiggled just a little, letting my skirt move up to my hips, exposing my bare pussy, so that I could feel his cock press against it. I moaned louder, moving my hips, as he pressed his down. 

The scene was perfect, the dark colors of the sky, and the last rays of the sun bouncing off the water. The smell of the wild flowers, the feel of the warm breeze, made this moment dizzying on top of highly erotic. I had to restrain myself from turning him over, discarding his clothes, and fucking him hard. I wanted badly to feel his cock in me at this very moment, but I held back, letting him move in his slow but arousing pace. 

His hand left my breasts and moved down, I sighed deeply as I felt his fingers lightly play on my inner thigh. They moved up until he found my most private of places. I heard his moan again as he realized that there were no panties clinging to me. He ran his fingers up, reaching my clit causing my body to jolt as he flicked this sensitive place. His breathing was getting quicker, as was mine.

He moved his fingers back down and placed two inside my opening. My hips moved in time with his fingers, a slow in and out motion that was causing my fluids to flow from me and soak the blanket below. I felt myself begin to orgasm but held back not wanting to cum too soon. 

I started breathing deeper, concentrating on that instead of the pleasure my body was going through but he stopped altogether. He pulled away from me, and I sat up quickly, a questioning but annoyed look on my face.

“I’m sorry. I don’t want to do this here. Could we leave and maybe go to your house or something?”

I nodded slowly. I really didn’t want to leave, but I could sense his growing nervousness in being caught outdoors. 

While driving to my house both of our desires grew. His hand rested lightly on my inner thigh, his fingers massaged my skin. I felt my body becoming hotter by the second, and I drove as quickly as I could to get home. I placed one hand on his leg, moving it up slowly as I drove, finding his hardened cock. I stroked it through his pants, and took delight in the sounds of his moans. 

By the time we got to the front door of my house we were both revved up and ready to go. I took him straight back to my bedroom. He sat on the bed, waiting for me to come to him. I came closer putting my hand flat on his chest, and pushed him back. I started at his feet taking off his shoes and socks. Then coming up slowly I unbuttoned his pants and discarded them freeing his cock. I smiled as I looked upon it, standing fully erect in that proud fashion. I ran my fingers across his cock and my smiled broadened as I saw it jump. I looked up at him, he stared down at me in an anxious but very eager way. 

Keeping my eyes on him, I lowered my head, pushed my tongue between my lips, and licked the tip of his cock. His whole body jumped this time. I moved my tongue down, licking the shaft, then down to his balls. I heard his moans, and let out a low satisfied laugh. I brought my head back up and then back down the other side before taking his cock in my mouth. I sucked hard but slow on the head, for a while, his hands came down into my hair. Then with a slow steady movement I began to take the whole length of his cock down my throat. letting him feel every inch of my warm wet mouth. I flicked my tongue across him as I brought him completely in. I moaned as I felt him hit the back of my throat, and his hand clasped my hair just a little tighter. As I began to work my throat on him, contracting and releasing the muscles I heard his first words in a while,

“Ahhh..Shit!” 

I sucked him for a little while longer then came up popping his cock out of my mouth. Replacing my mouth with my hand, I stroked just the head of his cock.

“Did you like that Timothy?”

He gave a half moan half laugh, “Yes I did. Very much.” 

“Good. I like the feel of you cock in my throat. I like the taste of you. But I especially love to hear you moan with pleasure.” 

I squeezed the head of his cock just a little harder and smiled as I heard him cuss under his breath. I moved then, coming off the bed. His head whipped around as he looked at me puzzled. Slowly I let my hands come to my breasts, massaging them over my shirt. Smiling at him as I began to dance to silent music. I let my hand drop to the bottom of my shirt, and with painstakingly slow movements began to lift it above my head.

I moved to my breasts again, running my fingers over the material of the bra. 

Finally moving my hands back to the clasp. In one quick movement the bra fell to the floor and my hands went back to my now bare breasts. I pulled and pinched at my erect nipples before cupping my left tit in my hand and pulling up as I brought my head down.

I released my tongue and licked my nipple. I heard him moan again as I wrapped my lips around it and began to suck on it. 

I let my breast go and dropped my hands to the tie on my skirt. Untying it, we both watched as it unraveled and fell to the floor. I stood in front of him completely naked, my hips still moving as I danced in front of him. I let my fingers drop between my legs, and spread them just a little so that he could see as they ran across my clit. I gave a soft moan as I began to rub my hardened flower softly. I stopped and came back to the bed, pushing him on his back again and mounting him.

I stared down into his eyes as my pussy rubbed his cock. I smiled as he fought to keep his eyes open. Sitting back a little I let his dick slid into my pussy, coming down slowly, feeling every inch of him invade my hole, causing moans from both of us. Once he was completely in I sat still letting him feel the hot, soft, wetness, around him. I moaned every time I felt his cock jump inside of me. Finally, I began to move. 

I moved in long strides, letting his cock come all the way up and almost out before pushing it back in. His hands came to my hips, and held on as he received the attention he had been longing for. I smiled down at him.

“Do you like this Timothy? Do you like the feel of my pussy wrapping around your cock?” 

He nodded.

“Talk to me, Baby. Tell me you like it.”

“I do like it very much.”

“Yeah?”

“Huh.”

“Feels good?”

“Yeah, it feels really good.”

“Mmmmm….good. Your cock feels wonderful in my pussy. Pushing in so deep, making me so wet. I could keep your cock in me forever.”

He smiled but said nothing more. I sped my movements, bouncing harder and faster on his cock. I brought myself up on my feet, driving him even deeper into the depths of my womanhood. He moaned, his hands gripping hard on my hips. Soon, he grabbed so hard that I couldn’t move. I looked down at him.

“I don’t want to cum yet.”

I smiled and nodded.

“Would you like to taste my pussy Timothy?”

I moved off of him and lay down. Quickly he got up and came between my legs. Kissing my shaved pussy lips gently, bringing his tongue out, licking around my clit, and then pushing his tongue in my hole. I moaned and moved my hands down to his hair. Pulling up a little I directed him to my clit. 

“Flick your tongue across it. Hard but slow, I like it that way. Ooooo…that’s it Baby. Lick me, it’s not going to take very long before I cum.”

His tongue increased in speed. He was eager to make me cum, and I wanted to give it to him.

“Suck on my clit. Wrap your lips around it, and suck hard Timothy! Mmmm…yes, that’s it, just like that. I’m going to cum!”

My words were lost as the orgasm hit my body. My hands pressed against his head, driving it deeper into my pussy as my hips came up. I felt my juices shoot from me, and felt his mouth open wider to receive them. My cries of pleasure were loud as my body shook violently with the orgasm. 

As I began to calm down I released his head and brought my ass back down to the bed. He stayed between my legs, giving little licks to my pussy, watching as my body jolted with each touch. When I could take no more, I pushed him away and motioned for him to come to me. 

He pressed his lips to mine, and I moaned at the taste of my own cum on his lips. I felt his cock once again enter me. His hips pumped, and I moved mine with his rhythm as our tongues again started their dance. He moaned and his skin grew hotter, his hips pumped harder into me. 

“I can’t hold it back this time. I’m going to cum, Jessi!”

“Cum for me Timothy. Fill me pussy.”

His movements became even quicker and I wrapped my legs around his waist, holding on tightly. He stopped suddenly and let out a grunt as the first squirts of his cum hit my inner walls. I began to cum again also. My muscles tightened more around him, milking his cock of all of its hot cream. He didn’t pull out when he was finished, but brought his lips back to mine, kissing me softly.

He grabbed my shoulder and moved me to my side as he lay down on the bed, still leaving his cock buried inside my pussy. Both of us exhausted for the moment, we laid with our arms wrapped around each other, our legs entangled, and fell asleep. 
