 Claire's heart was racing. As she drove up the familiar road to her rendezvous, her mind couldn't dissuade her from the past or the future. 

After much soul searching and pep talking she had decided to meet up with her ex for one last date. The passion ran deep, the electrifying sex and deep seated lust they had once shared was still there. He had offered her one last fling - for old time's sake. 

She had no clue what to wear. Shane had always lusted after her in anything, and nothing. She went for a very hugging pair of black hold ups, sliding up her legs under her loose flowing black skirt. Her pussy ached... uncovered, trembling. Her large breasts heaved with her heavy breath and her engorged nipples brushed against the inner of her blue lace bra, barely contained under her low red summer top.

She pulled up outside the hotel, deep in the national park and nervously entered the reception. Giving her former married name, she was directed to the ground floor corridor... room 7. 

Pushing the door open on the click of the keycard, she entered. The room was dark, curtains drawn. As she crept forward, she felt the familiar touch, yet recently absent touch of Shane's hand on her neck. She turned to see him in the half-light of the bathroom... naked...erect... smiling like old times. Before she could react, he had pulled her to him engaging her lips in a soft but passionate clench. 

Her eyes followed the line of his chest and stomach down to his smooth cock, begging out for some attention. She had always loved giving. Without hesitation, she sunk to her knees, hitching her skirt up and pressing her tingling breasts on his hips as she slid down him.

Looking up at his lustful eyes, with the look of a hungry a****l, she slid her hand around his shaft and took the whole length deep into her warm mouth. Closing her eyes at the feel of him between her soft lips, instinct took over. Her head started to bob, feeling him hit her throat. Her tongue lept into action too, swirling, licking... feeling him pulse between her lips. She carried on. His hands slid onto her head, her short blonde hair being swept back and gathered. She carried on. Her breasts moved in time to her head as they threatened to erupt. As she knelt, her swollen clit ached and protruded slowly from within, waking... aching. She carried on. Shane threw his head back, leaning against the doorframe, her hair now gathered in firm buns within his hands. His hips began to move. She carried on. With every rise and fall of her warm mouth on his firm shaft, his hips flexed. They pushed the tip of his aching cock against her throat... she gagged. He was using her mouth. She carried on. Faster, wanting to please, wanting to show him just how much she remembered and yearned for this again. He gripped her head hard, his heavy balls pushing against her chin. She looked up, seeking approval, but shane was lost in the moment. She pulled her mouth off his wet cock and slid back up... licking her lips he sunk his tongue between them and embraced her, his big hands roaming her ample curves, her hips, her ass.

They stumbled back, his warm naked body against hers, lifting her top eagerly over her head, she stumbled further, hitting the bed and landing on top of it with a bounce.

He was an a****l, filled with lust and raw passion for her that had never really died. She had been yearning for his mouth, his touch, his warm body against hers for so long she hadn't realised. 

The feel of his hard throbbing cock against her stocking clad thighs enraged her hormones further. With the skill and dexterity of a man possessed, Shane reached behind her, as she arched her back to the feel of his lips on her neck. The bra snapped loose, freeing the heavy soft breasts from their prison. She sat up, casting her arms out of the straps and tossing it carelessly over the room. Grabbing his softly covered head, she forced his hungry mouth onto her breasts. As his mouth feasted on her nipples in turn, she slid her thighs around his bare hips, feeling his warmth under her skirt and groaning in immense pleasure. 

Before she could gather her thoughts, the room was spinning, and his arms hooked under hers... in one swift motion he had taken her off the coverings of the soft kingsized bed and swept her up to the top of the bed, almost tossing her onto the pillows with horny disdain. 

She reached down, unclipping the now hitched up skirt, as his swollen throbbing cockhead rested against her freshly shaven womanhood. Looking up at him, urges from times past surfacing, she begged him to fuck her. So bold, so direct, she BEGGED him to be inside her again. And then it came. The feeling of his shaft pushing her saturated sensitive pussy lips apart made her throw her head back. He filled her so well, the upward curve of his smooth shaft setting parts of her on fire in one thrust. 

Her skirt parted with the motion of him pushing inside her. She didn't care. Fully exposed yet soft thighs clad in the hold up stockings - she raised her legs. With every thrust, he slammed in deeper. She was so open, so needy, she reached out for the bed frame. He grabbed her shoulders, clambering over her forcing her down onto every hard thrust. As they slapped together, she clenched around his cock feeling him throb and ache. His smooth shaft triggered every nerve ending alive. 

It was all her will power to open her eyes, looking up at him. Her legs were in the air, either side of him... as he slammed into her over and over again. Her breasts heaved with the motion, this felt soooo good. She urged him on... "fuck me baby, fuck me harder"... it was all he needed. As he slammed into her harder, balls slapping off her, she convulsed, she spasmed. She exploded as she had wanted to do for weeks... she tightened around him, wave after wave as the thrusts continued... she flushed... she gripped the bed frame hard.

Then she felt it. The unmistakable sensation of him reaching the point. She looked up, he closed his eyes. With one more deep thrust, impaling her on his shaft, the explosion. A warm rush overcame her, the pulsing spurting sensation deep inside, sliding along all sides of her pussy. He groaned, she pulsed around his cock. As Shane slowed, she felt a further rush, the rush of mixed juice's from his cock, mixed with the cascade of passion from deep within her. 

He collapsed on top of her, pressing her sensitive nipples against him, tongue and mouth flicking around her neck as she squeezed him tightly between her warm thighs. Breathing hard in time with Shane.

They were back.