 It was still dark out when I woke up. Sherry was asleep next to me. I lay there looking up at the ceiling dreading my meeting with Sherry's father. The thought of getting fired pounded at me. I wanted to keep my apprenticeship and I didn't want to leave Sherry. What would I do if he said, "I warned you to stay away from my daughter--you're fired!" 

I decided to get up, go to the farm and do the morning chores. The only thing John knew was that I saw Sherry on the road and helped her get her car to the garage. I got dressed and then sat on the bed next to Sherry,looking down at her sleeping so peacefully. I gently touched her hair and then her cheeks, admiring how beautiful she was. I touched her shoulder to wake her and tell her my plan. 



She looked up at me then closed her eyes. "How come you're up?" she asked, keeping her eyes closed. 

"I'm going back to the farm to do the chores and hope your dad thinks I was in my cabin all night."

"Cool idea," Sherry mumbled. "I'll see you later." She opened her eyes and looked up at me. She lifted her head and then took my hand. "Don't let him fire you," she said. "Be strong and stand up for yourself."

She gave my hand a squeeze then plopped her head back down on the pillow and closed her eyes. 

It was still dark and I was certain that John would not see me drive my truck down to my cabin. I noticed the sun was just coming up over the trees in the pasture. Sunday was a day off on the farm, but the chores still had to get done. The cow had to be milked, the pigs and chickens fed, the sheep let out of the barn so they could get to the pasture, shoveling manure and wheeling it to the compost pile. The whole routine took a little under an hour. I looked at my clock then went to the window to see if there were any lights on in the house. 

I knew Sherry was getting picked up at the motel by Jenny around nine and assumed she would come straight to the farm. My only worry was that John might have gone into town and saw my truck parked outside the Riverside Motel. I don't know what I'd say if he happened to see my truck there. I shook that thought away as an unlikely scenario. Why would John be going to town on a Saturday night?

While I walked up to the barn to do the chores, I saw the light go on in the kitchen. The milk bucket was on the porch at the house. I grabbed it on the way to the barn. Chelsea, the cow was in the pasture and I saw her walking down the path from the pasture. I always milked at the same time each morning so her biological clock knew. It was uncanny how she and I arrived at the barn at the same time. She just waddled into her stall, while I poured grain into her hopper. I got my stool and leaned against the cow's warm body and started milking. When I finished, there were three barn cats sitting by their empty bowls waiting for me to pour some milk for them. 

When I got up to the kitchen, Mary was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee. I put the milk on the counter, got the filter and two gallon jars and poured the milk though the filter. While pouring, I noticed Mary had the flour out, a big mixing bowl and was getting ready to make bread. 

"Have a nice night in town?" she asked. 

"It was okay, nothing special," I answered, wondering why she asked and hoped she wasn't suspicious.

"I heard you helped Sherry when her car broke down," she said. 

"Yes. I just happened to be driving by when I saw her. I had a chain and hitched her Saab to my truck and pulled it to the garage in town." I didn't like lying but didn't know what else to say. 



"John's pretty upset," Mary said.

"He shouldn't be. I didn't plan to be with Sherry. I just saw her car broken down. I couldn't just keep going and not stop to help."



"John's suspicious about anyone that comes near Sherry," Mary said, "Especially apprentices." 

Mary went to the stove and poured herself another cup of coffee then looked at me. 

"Pete, you're one of the best apprentices we've had in years and we'd hate to lose you, but John is a man of his word and he can be pretty stubborn."

"I don't want to get fired. I love working here and I'm learning so much."

"That's good, but John's very protective of Sherry. We home schooled her and John has ideas about what he wants for her. She's very precious to him, actually to us, but he sees her as someone special."

"I see," I said. "She is pretty smart and talented, but I don't understand what he thinks I'm going to do to her, if we're friends." Then I remembered that we had been fucking each other and was sure he wouldn't like that, if he knew.

"John worries about Sherry," Mary said as she picked up the mixing bowl and moved it closer to the sink. "Well, I better get this bread started."

"I love to bake," I said. "In fact, I know how to make bagels." 

"You do," Mary said. "I've always wanted to learn. John loves bagels, but we hardly ever buy them because we make our own bread."

"I worked as a baker when I was in college. We made great bagels everyday. "   

"If you want, I'll show you how. We can make bagels and surprise John." 

"Okay, let's do it," Mary said. "I really want to learn." I could see from how Mary responded and how much she and Sherry were alike. 

"We have to boil water in that big pot. Making bagels is pretty easy, but they get boiled in sugar water before they get baked."

"These are whole wheat and honey bagels," I said. "I know the recipe like the back of my hand. I just have to adjust for a smaller amount than we made at the bakery."

We got started. Mary was a good baker and it was easy to get the dough mixed. I showed her how to roll and shape the bagels. Then we put them in the boiling water until they doubled in size, then onto a baking sheet and got them in the oven. The kitchen had the wonderful smell of bread baking. 

"There's nothing like the smell of fresh bread baking," I said. 

"John is going to be impressed when he sees these bagels," Mary said.     

We were taking the bagels out of the oven when John came down the stairs and into the kitchen. It was a little after eight. I had on a white apron that Mary had lent me and was spilling the bagels from the baking sheets into a big wooden bowl. 



John walked over to see what we were doing. "Bagels," John said. "They look great."

"Pete just taught me how to make them," Mary said. "Don't they smell wonderful?" 

"So you're a baker," John said, lowering his nose to the bowl of bagels. 

Then he stood up and looked at me. "We've got to talk," he said. "I know you were with Sherry last night." 

"You're right. I was heading into town and saw her car broken down, so I helped her." I was disappointed that the bagels didn't get his mind off of his concern about me and Sherry. 

"That's not all you, did, Pete," John said. 

"What do you mean?" 

"I drove into town after I talked to Sherry and saw your truck."

"You did. Where did you see it?" I was sure he was going to say he saw it at the Riverside Motel, then I decided to tell him, "Sherry and I had dinner at the Bangkok after we dropped off the car. She wanted to treat me to dinner for helping her."

"And then what?" he asked. 

"Nothing, that's it," I lied. "Her friend, Jenny came and got her."

"I don't believe you, Pete," he said.      

"You don't."

"I know something is going on with you two and I don't like it."

Mary was listening but then she sliced a bagel and spread butter on it. She took a bite and said, "Wow, this is the best bagel I've ever had."

She handed John the other half and said, "You've got to taste this bagel."

John took a bite and stopped talking while he chewed. I don't know where I got the courage to say what I did, but I decided I had nothing to lose. While he was chewing the bagel, I took my apron off and threw it over the chair. 

"I have to say something to you John so please hear me out." I cleared my throat. "I know you don't want me hanging around Sherry and I'm not sure what the problem is but I don't want to leave the farm. I love being an apprentice and learning from you."



John looked at me surprised.

"I don't want to be lumped in with all apprentices. That's not fair. I want to have my own homestead one day and I know you want to protect Sherry, but you'll never find as dedicated an apprentice as me. You would be making a huge mistake, if you fired me."



"Really," John said, holding the bagel away from his mouth and listened. 

"Yes, I'm serious about farming and I'm a hard worker and now, I want you to tell me what you're so worried about? What do you think I'm going to do to Sherry that worries you? I want to know why I should stay away from her."

Mary looked at me with her mouth open. John looked stunned by my questions. I don't think he had ever been challenged like this before. I could not believe the words pouring out of my mouth. 



John just looked at me then glanced at the bagel and inch from his mouth.

While I was waiting for him to respond, I heard a loud engine outside and turned to see who was coming. I saw a motorcycle drive up to the house and saw it was Sherry sitting in back of a girl wearing a black leather jacket and black jeans. 

Sherry took off her helmet and then the two girls hugged each other. Mary went out on the porch and waved. "Hi Jenny, come on in and get a fresh bagel we just made."

"I only have a minute," Jenny yelled back and the two girls walked up to the house. 

John still hadn't spoken. I turned to him and said, "Sorry, if I sound disrespectful, but I think you are being unreasonable. I don't want to give up this opportunity to learn from you because you're worried about me and Sherry."

Sherry and Jenny came in to the kitchen. Sherry could tell John was upset with me. She quickly looked at me. Our eyes met then darted away. Jenny was taller than Sherry. She had black curly hair that went down past her shoulders. She looked tough and sexy in her black leather jacket and tight black jeans. Sherry had on the sundress she wore at the Bangkok and her hair was now in a pony tail. She looked so pretty and sweet, so unlike the red-wigged Mary Jane in the tight black skirt The girls then went over to the bowl of bagels. "Wow, these bagels look beautiful," Sherry said.

"Pete and I just made them," Mary said. "He's an expert bagel maker," she added.



"Marry me," Jenny said, picking up one of the bagels. "By the way, I'm Jenny."

"Hi," I said. "Maybe you should eat one first before you talk about marriage."

"Did we interrupt something?" Sherry said. "It looks pretty serious in here."

"Pete thinks I'd be making a mistake about firing him even though he's been ignoring my rule about you," John said. 

"Dad, you can't fire Pete. He was helping me with my car," Sherry said. 



"You also had dinner at the Bangkok," John said. "And I wouldn't be surprised if he did more."

"DAD!" Sherry shouted. "What do you think he did? Why are you being such a jerk? You're being ridiculous."

I couldn't believe Sherry was calling her father a jerk. 

"Wait a minute," Jenny interrupted. "Sherry was with me," Jenny said. She unzipped her black leather jacket. I could see she had a tight black polo shirt and no bra. I could see her big tits pushing out through the shirt. "I picked Sherry up at the Bangkok and Pete had already left."

I hated how Jenny was now getting caught up in our lie. This whole story was getting out of hand. 

"These beautiful bagels are going to waste," Mary said. "John, why don't you lighten up," Mary continued. "And Pete's right, we'll never find an apprentice like him. You're letting your fear that someone is going to ruin Sherry blind you to the reality, you can't control her. So lighten up." 

"I won't lighten up," John said. "I know what I'm doing." 

I couldn't stand the way this conversation was going so I finally yelled, "Stop! This is nuts."

Everyone looked at me. I took a breath and looked at everyone staring at me. "I can't stand this lying." I turned to John. "You can fire me if you want. I can't stop you, but I want you to know that I think Sherry is the most fantastic person I've every met. I've only known her for a few days, but I will not sneak around to be with her because you think I'm not good enough for her. I'm the best apprentice you will ever have."  



John just looked at me, then at Sherry and Mary. Suddenly, Sherry came over to me and threw her arms around my neck. She kissed me then turned to her father.

"You can't make me be in your movie," she said to John and then looked at me. 

"What?" John said. "Sherry, I'm not doing that. What are you talking about?"

"Yes, you are, Dad. You think you're protecting me from your apprentices but all you're doing is making me sneak around and I hate doing that. Pete's right, your stupid rule is making all of us lie." Sherry took a breath. "I'm not your 'jewel,' Dad, give up that idea and it will make things much better"

John sat down heavily on the chair. He shook his head and looked up at Mary. Jenny came over to Sherry and gave her a hug. "I've got to go, but call me later. I love you." 



I was standing next to Sherry. Jenny shook my hand and then gave me an embrace. "Thanks," she whispered. "Hope you get to stay," she said. Mary took a few bagels and put them in a bag then handed them to Jenny. "Great, thanks," Jenny said, slipping them into her jacket pocket then ran down to her motorcycle.   

Sherry was holding my hand and looked at me then back at her John. "Dad, Pete's not like the other apprentices. I mean, he's different. I've already learned so much from him like how wrong it is to put someone in your movie and that's what you're doing." 

"No I'm not," John said. 

"Yes, you are." Sherry said, defiantly. "You have my whole life planned out for me. You want me to come back here and work on the farm. You don't listen when I say I want to travel and work in Thailand and Africa and learn about other cultures."

I hadn't heard Sherry talk about traveling and was surprised because that was something I had thought about doing sometime.

"Thailand, Africa, traveling," John said, shaking his head. "That's the first I heard of that idea."

"No it isn't. You just don't listen. I've talked about that before," Sherry said. I noticed she was starting to cry. Her voice was trembling. "Dad, I love you so much. You taught me so much while I was growing up but you've got to let go." She wiped a tear away. 

I wanted to put my arms around Sherry and just hold her. It hurt to see her cry but I was admiring her honesty and clarity. 

"But," John said. 

"There's no 'buts," Sherry interrupted, shaking her head. "There are no god damn buts," Sherry shouted then turned to Mary, "Mom, you know my plans. Dad didn't even want me to go to college, now he doesn't know about my wanting to travel now he wants to fire Pete. Talk some sense into him, Mom. You know what I'm talking about."  



Mary went over to John and put her hand on his shoulder. "Sherry's right, you've got to let go and trust her." She said. "We know you want to build a house for her on the other side of the farm and let her take over the farm, but that's your plan. It has to be her plan, something she wants not something you want." 

John stood up and looked at me and then at Sherry. "Sherry, I'm sorry you think I don't listen to you, but I just want what's best for you."

"Dad, you're not hearing me or mom." Sherry was crying. "I can't stand this. I've got to get out of here." She turned and dashed out of the kitchen, slamming the screen door. She started running. 

John shouted, "Come back," but she kept running. I wanted to run after her, but turned to John. 

"Are you going to fire me?" I asked. "Cause if you are, tell me and I'll be gone by noon."

John looked at me and at Mary. He ran his fingers through his hair then sat down on the chair. "No, Pete. I'm not going to fire you. I've got to think about what just happened," he said. 

"Thank you John," I said. "I'm really sorry I'm putting you through this, but..."

Mary interrupted me and said, "Pete, you're not putting him through this. John's putting himself through this mess because of his worrying about Sherry and this plan of his. It's not your fault." 

"Thanks, "I said to Mary. I turned to John. "I'm going now. I'll see you later."

"Come on up for dinner at six, Pete and thanks for the bagels," Mary said.



I walked back to my cabin wondering where Sherry was. I wanted to tell her I wasn't getting fired. 

When I walked in my cabin, I saw Sherry, sitting in the chair. I was glad to see her.



"Your dad is not going to fire me," I announced. 

"That's great. That's really great," Sherry said, leaping from the chair. "I'm so relieved. I was sure he was going to fire you," she added. "He can be so stubborn."

She hugged me and held me so tight, expressing with her strong arms and body how happy she was. I hugged her back holding her as close to me as I could. I loved the way her tits felt against my chest. 

"I'm so happy we don't have to sneak around," Sherry said. "This is great news and I was really impressed how you spoke to my dad. That was so brave of you," she added and then we kissed. Her tongue opened my mouth and our tongues touched and I put my hands in her hair and she put her hands on my head and grabbed my hair as we kissed. 



Our bodies were expressing how happy we were that we could be together. Sherry moved her lips to my ear and whispered, "Make love to me." 

She backed away and slipped out of the sundress. She then let her hair down and it fell around her shoulders. She was not wearing a bra and I leaned down and kissed her tits. She had her hand on my head. My mouth was filled with her tits and I licked her nipple, while my other hand grasped her other tit and kneaded it. I loved how round and soft they were. 



"Mmmmmmmmm. That feels so good," she moaned. "Keep doing that. I love it."



My cock was already bulging in my jeans and Sherry reached down and started rubbing it up and down. You're so hard," she said. 

She then wrapped her arms around my back as we held each other and started moving our bodies. My cock was pressed against her body. She was grinding herself against my cock. I then lowered my hands from her back and grabbed her ass and pulled her closer.

Sherry reached between us and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and grasped my cock. She was panting."I love your cock. I want to play with you." 

I pushed my jeans down and stepped out of them so that we were both naked in the middle of my cabin. 



She started rubbing my cock up and down. "I love how that feels," I said. "I want to play with you, too." I went back to sucking her tit. I started rubbing her mound and felt her grind into the palm of my hand and moan into my ear, "Ummmmmmm, Oh, Pete-- that feels so good."



Her pussy felt wet and hot. Sherry was rubbing my cock with her hand and I was rubbing her pussy with mine. "Ummmmmm" She moaned even louder. "Let's go slow," she said. "I want this to last forever." 

I loved sucking her tit and feeling her wet pussy. I loved the sounds she made and how she was rubbing my cock with her hand. "You're so big and hard. Do you like how it feels? Tell me. Tell me you like it." She was moving her hand from one end of my cock to the other, using my pre-cum to slide up and down. 



"I love it. You're going to make me cum," she whispered. I want us to make love all afternoon. I want to drive you crazy."

"I want to drive you crazy, too," I said, as I inserted my finger in her wet pussy. 



"Ohmy! Ohhhhhgod. That feels soooo good" She pushed her mound harder against my hand, forcing my finger deeper into her tight pussy. "That's it. That's it. Ohgod! Ohmygod!" 
