 My stocking feet carry me to the window of the small mountain cabin, my eyes gazing out over the drifts of snow. The tiny wrinkles at the corners of my eyes deepen as I squint, trying to see the through the falling snowfall, searching in vain for the headlights that will signal your arrival. I worry as I watch the snow grow deeper, the weather a lace curtain against the night, the snowflakes spinning on the strengthening wind.

Turning away from the window, I nervously wet my lips as I appraise the room once more. The deepening shadows dance in the flickering light of the fireplace, the wood half-way to its destiny as a bed of glowing coals. Beyond the single couch and the overstuffed chair, the door to the bedroom beckons invitingly. The covers of the four-poster bed are turned back, the colors of the piled quilts muted by the fading candlelight, the pillar candles half gone, the smaller ones little more than a tiny flame in a pool of transparent wax.

With a deep breath I resist the urge to take another look at your latest e-mail. I long for the reassurance your words held, for the way your letters make my heart race, the way they bring my heart to life. Your latest note had been so filled with excitement. I could almost feel the smile you wore as you wrote it, as you thought of our long weekend together, of the promise that you'd meet me at the tiny country store early Friday afternoon and, if you weren't there by three, you'd follow the directions I'd left and meet me at the cabin.

And now the night is only held back by the flames that dance in the secluded cabin and I'm alone, the candles slowly melting and the fire burning low.

The headlights pierce through the growing shadows and I find myself spinning toward the window, my mind crossing its mental fingers, my heart beating like a school boy's pulse, racing as he hopes for his first kiss.

As the headlights turn off and the cabin is bathed in darkness a thousand thoughts race through my mind. We had talked about doing this for almost a year, our playful flirting turning into something more with each e-mail, with each on-line rendezvous. But pictures had never been exchanged. We had never met. Each of us found too many dreams hinted at in the other's words. We needed them to be real and our hesitant hearts insisted that if we didn't leap feet first, we'd turn and run.

My eyes adjusting to the dance of shadows and light, I hurry to the cabin door as the sound of your card door fills the night. I pause as I hear your footsteps approach, instantly chastising myself for not helping you with my bags. Distracted by the, "You know what you should have done," darting through my mind, I'm caught off-guard by the soft, confident knock on the cabin door.

Swallowing deeply, hoping that I'm not trembling with anticipation and nervousness as much outside as I am inside, I reach for the doorknob.

I stop, my "Hello" caught in my throat, my heart lost in the depths of the green eyes that sparkle back at me in the firelight. Dark hair, dusted with a patterned veil of snowflakes frames a perfect smile, the gesture wavering with a touch of nervousness that mirrors my own. A soft velvet dress peeks from beneath a warm coat, the garments promising gentle curves and reminding me of the heat that had filled our words time and again.

"Hi," I offer with a boyish grin, the full passionate lips I'd inherited from my French ancestors whispering between dimples that held over from my childhood. I suddenly feel under-dressed in my blue jeans and sweater, but my dark brown eyes draw me even deeper into your pools of green, my worries fading in the depths of your gaze.

"Hi," you reply with a pixie's grin.

I laugh, the sound warm and free, suddenly seeing in your smile the woman that drew me in with her words.

"Can I take your bags?"

You step through the open doorway, setting your single suitcase just inside the door I close behind you, playfully ignoring my request. Not to be denied, I slip behind you, my touch offering to take the coat that you shrug out of, the graceful line of your neck peering from beneath your dark hair.

You turn and take a deep breath, offering me a brave smile.

"So we did it," you grin, your eyes sparkling, a soft celebration building behind your gaze, as if we had just crossed a line that separated the everyday world from a realm where our dreams came alive.

I take your hands, marveling at the feel of your hands in mine, amazed at how perfectly our hands fit together. Neither of us would be mistaken for models -- the beauty each of us calls our own is too comfortable, as at home in a summer rainstorm as it is at a candlelit dinner. I'm the cute boy next door that grew up into the cute guy at the supermarket, the one who seemed to be able to find little ways to play with his children, even as they sat in the grocery cart, correcting them so gently that they don't even know they're behaving. You're the girl the shy boy always dreamed of meeting but was never brave enough to say hello to, the hands of time adding a womanly beauty to a young girl's heart and soul.

"We did it," I agree at last, my wide smile closing in a soft grin. But even that fades as we step closer, our eyes never parting, my heart racing as we stand so close the world around us fades until even the firelight that teases the night air fades away. All that is left is the depths of your eyes, the gentle brush of your lips on mine as we kiss for the first time, the hesitancy growing to a wonderful passion, a gentle hunger growing between our bodies, just as it grew in our words. You feel your heart race as I embrace you, as our bodies mold together, fitting together as if we'd been designed to hold each other close.

You pull back as you slip your hands under my sweater, placing your palms flat against my stomach. "I'm cold," you smile playfully.

"The fire?" I ask with a nod, not sure where our boundaries lay, still the gentleman my grandmother always encouraged me to be.

You shake your head. "No," you grin playfully, pausing as your eyes leave mine only long enough to find the open bedroom door. The way you bite your lower lip, the mixture of hesitancy and anticipation that sparkles in your eyes is the only explanation I need.

Skipping away, you race ahead, looking back over your shoulder as if you're a little girl again, daring me to chase you. I smile, shaking my head in a wondering disbelief as I follow, watching your shoes slip from your feet, watching you shrug out of you dress, the shadows of the fading candlelight hiding the details of your as you slip into bed.

I slip my sweater over my head, revealing a work in progress, tight muscles and broad shoulders relating the effort to slowly chip away years of sitting in a cubicle. My jeans fall to the floor, followed by my boxer briefs, the newly exposed skin earning a playful cheer from the bed.

I laugh, looking up to meet the mischevious gleam in your eye.

"Is that it?" you tease.

"It's cold!" I insist with a playful smile, slipping under the covers and into your arms. My breath catches at the feel of your naked skin next to mine, my fingers running through your hair, caressing your cheek, the line of your jaw. We kiss, hungrily, our legs tangle, your foot hooking behind my knee as we caress each other with our bodies. Our lips break their embrace, my breath tracing down your throat, following the line of your collar bone from one shoulder to another. You moan softly as I kiss you, as my lips trail down your body, your hands tangling in my hair as my breath finds your nipple, teasing it erect, softly pulling it into my mouth. With an insistantt tug, your fingers pull my lips back to yours and we kiss, deeply, deliciously, a year of passion suddenly released, twelve months of shared dreams and fantasies, of promises and hopes and dreams bursting forth in our bed.

I pull away, smiling as I remember you, as my mind makes the connection between the woman who wove a dream from her words and the beauty that lays beneath me. Your hands stray down my back, reaching lower as you wrap your legs around the back of my thighs, pulling my lower body closer to you, my hardness pressed against your wetness, our bodies like the cool winter night and the candle's flame. I moan, my body as responsive to your touch as my letters promised it would be. Your lips find my neck, releshing the way my back arches at your touch, the way my lips part and my voice reveals my pleasure in a long, low tone. You kiss lower, softly biting my chest, your legs wrapped tightly around me, raising your mischevious eyes to find the hunger in my gaze.

With a playful groan I pull you close and roll onto my back, pulling you on top of me. The legs that were once wrapped around my waist leave you stradling my hips, pushing my erection down toward the bed. I raise up, my mouth finding your breast again, pulling your nipple into my mouth, my tongue teasing you. I hear your lips part, the soft exhale of breath as your hips move on their own, slowly rubbing yourself against me, teasing us both. I'm so hard our bodies are in constant contact. As we shift, you raise up and I slip inside of you, your eyes opening in a hungry surprise, so wet that I slip all the way inside of you with a single stroke, completely filling you, the head of my cock pressing against your cervix. You swallow hard as we begin to move together, finding our rythm, our bodies moving by instinct. I lay back, your fingers entwining with mine as you ride me, your eyes closing again, your hips moving faster as you move your body against me. I watch, enraptured with the sight of your body as you tense, as your body tightens as it teeters on the edge and I watch you tumble over the precipice, your pursed lips parting in a long quiet moan, my body taking over the rhythm as your body grows slack, making sure that you complete your descent before you collapse against me in a still, quiet glow.

At last you begin to move again, softly nuzzling your cheek against my chest. "I needed that," you whisper. "We've talked about this," you begin, only to pause and take a new direction. "We've dreamed about this for so long." You raise your eyes to find me caressing you with smile, the candlelight reflected in my gaze, the warmth of the flame filling my smile.

You move, realizing I'm still hard, that I haven't found my own release yet. Playfully, you begin to slowly rotate your hips, feeling me fill you, letting the passion slowly build between us both. As your breathing deepens, as your movements become more insistant, the hunger building in your eyes, I pull you close and roll over, laying you beneath me. You bite your lower lip as I mirror your movements, slowly rotating my hips, exploring you with my hardness. Your body begins to mirror mine in a sensual dance, filled with a gentle roll and a growing passion that slowly erases the boundaries between us.

I change direction, pulling my hips away until just the head of my cock is inside you, then pushing forward to slowly fill you again, lost in the feel of you engulfing me. Time and again I pull away, only to slowly reenter you, your hips rising to meet me. Unable to hold back, the next thrust is hard and fast. You gasp in surprise, your eyes opening wide as you meet my gaze, my need to lose myself in you overwhelming me as I pull back again. I want it to be slow, I want to draw out every sensation, but I can't. I need you. I want you. Every fantasy that I've entertained over the last year is suddenly before me and your body is opening doorways within me that have been forgotten under the dust of the passing years.

Suddenly, your hands are pulling me deep, my thrusts are coming hard and fast. You wrap your arms around me and we kiss, hugrily, your need building with mine. Your mouth finds my ear, your teeth gently grasping my earlobe as my world is erased by the sound of your breath and the warmth of your body. "Yes," you groan. "Oh god yes," and I feel your body tense once more. I push myself deep inside you, again and again as you cry out, as my own moans mingle in the air with yours, as my back arches and I explode, as I lose myself in you. I cry out, not relizing that you've found your release, that you're pulling my hips tighter, pulling me deeper into you as I arch my back, my muscles carving lines across my chest and stomach as I cry out, as I suddenly go limp, falling forward, catching myself with my arms and then lowering myself into your embrace.

We hold each other, still and quiet in the flickering candlelight. I'm still inside you but where I was once a hardness that stoked the fires of our desire, I'm now part of a soft connection that holds us close, that erases the boundaries of where one of us ends and the other begins.

"You're pretty amazing," I offer at last. You can hear my smile in my words.

"I was thinking the same thing about you."

"Hungry?" I ask, raising myself up to gaze into your eyes.

"Starving!" you laugh.

"I even cook," I promise with a grin.

You shake your head in playful disbelief. "Will wonders ever cease?"

"Not any time soon," I say, the tender promise in my words drawing your eyes to mine. "We still have a long weekend ahead of us."