 Sherry hooked her arm around my arm as we walked to the truck. She looked so different in her flowery sun dress with her long hair neatly brushed. The dress was short and low cut, revealing a little cleavage. I was slightly taller and being with her felt so natural. Though we had only known each other for a few days, I felt like we had known each other for a lifetime.

It's hard to explain, but I remember there was an immediate attraction when she came home that first night. Most of it was physical. She was sexy and flirtatious, but I knew there was a lot more to Sherry than a beautiful body. I remembered her telling her parents she made the Dean's List and won first prize for her philosophy essay on Aristotle and was on the wrestling team. I remembered she went to the WTO protest in Montreal and how concerned and knowledgeable she was about poverty in Third World countries. Sherry was passionate, playful, intelligent, sexy and knew who she was and what she wanted. I liked that. 

Both of us were quiet in the truck as we drove to the restaurant. Sherry was looking out the window. She seemed deep in thought. I was thinking about Sherry and what was happening with us. I remembered her statement in the cabin, "No one can control me. I want my body to be as free as my mind." I glanced over at her, wondering what she was thinking. She looked so pretty in that flowery dress, but she also looked sophisticated and older. Though we were quiet, it didn't feel awkward. The quiet felt good after such an intense afternoon of playing being Mary Jane and the towel fight and the wild sex we just experienced. Sherry looked over at me, our eyes meeting briefly. She smiled then she turned back to look out the window. It felt peaceful in the truck. 

"Turn here," she said. "The restaurant is up this road about a mile."

"I'm really hungry," I said. 

"I am too, "she responded. "We really worked up an appetite, didn't we?" she said, smiling at me. 

She was quiet for a moment, looking out the side window. She then turned to me. "I really like being with you," she said. "Thanks," I said, looking at her. "I like being with you, too."

We didn't say a word after that and just let the words sink in as we drove quietly to the Bangkok. 

When we parked and got out, she hooked her arm around mine again as we walked from the truck to the front door. I opened it for her and she walked ahead of me. I loved how her legs looked in the short sun dress and how the cleavage from her tits was slightly exposed. I felt fortunate to be with such a lovely, sexy, vibrant woman. I could not believe this was happening to me. The hostess recognized Sherry and smiled. "Hello, Sherry. How was school this year? It's good to see you." She had a white flower in her long dark hair. 

Sherry gave her a big hug. "I couldn't wait to have my first dinner here," Sherry said. "It's good to be home." Then she introduced me, "This is my friend, Pete." She said. "Pete, this is Maia. She's the owner."

Maia led us to our table. We were seated at a small table in the corner of the room. The waitress greeted us, brought us menus and then tall glasses of water with lemon. I opened the menu and turned the pages knowing I would have difficulty deciding what to order. 

"Let me order for us," Sherry said. "You'll love the food here and I have some favorites that we can share. Do you mind?"

"Not at all," I said, enjoying letting her take charge.

When the waitress came back, she put a silver tea pot and two cups on the table. Sherry looked away from the menu and up at the waitress. "We'll start off with an order of spring rolls and we'll share a bowl of sweet and sour fish soup, then we want an order of the Pad Thai with shrimp and an order of curried chicken with brown rice and broccoli." The waitress took our menus and bowed slightly. 

I poured the tea into Sherry's small cup and then into mine. She leaned forward across the table, allowing me to get a good luck at her tits. She knew I was looking at her breasts and smiled. "Whatcha looking at, buddy?" she said, laughing then leaned back in her chair. I took a sip of my tea then looked at Sherry. "So, do you think your dad is going to fire me?" I asked. 

"I'll talk to him and so will Mom," Sherry said. "He's really a great guy. He's such a good father, but he's a control freak." She paused. "But it has gotten worse as I got older. He's trying to protect me." "Why is he so protective of you and insists that you to stay away from apprentices?" 

"I'm his work of art," Sherry said. "He calls me his jewel." She took a sip of tea. "I've been home schooled my whole life except for a short time when I went to the local high school. Dad and Mom taught me everything and introduced me to books and ideas I would have never had in school." Sherry took another sip of her tea and then the spring rolls came. She put her napkin on her lap. "You'll love these," she said, picking one up and dipping it in the mustard sauce. I did the same. 

Sherry continued her story. "We had great discussions at dinner and I always helped with planting and taking care of the animals. I was in charge of the chickens ever since I was six and I saw the calves born every spring and the lambs. Dad made me my own art studio on the 2nd floor when I was ten and I learned to make jewelry. I got really good at that and sold my jewelry at the Farmers" Market every Saturday. I even got orders for jewelry for Christmas gifts. When I was eleven, Dad bought me the horse and Colby, that was his name, was my best friend until I went to college." "Wow!" was all I could say. "So you learned everything at home and still got into Brown."

"Right, Sherry nodded. "When I was sixteen I wanted to try the local high school just to be around other kids and to see what it was like." She picked up another spring roll and held it an inch from her mouth while she spoke. "But that turned out to be a joke. I couldn't believe how easy and stupid it was. None of the kids really cared about what they were learning. And sitting there listening to the teachers talk while we answered the questions at the back of the chapter got boring real fast."

The waitress brought us our soup and Sherry moved the plate of spring rolls aside. I took another one and dipped into the mustard. "So what happened at the high school?" I asked, thinking back on my own experience. 

"I remember the moment I finally had it with that school. It was in geometry, something I had already learned from Dad. He was a math major in college. The teacher was going on and on going over stuff for the fifth time because most of the kids weren't interested. I couldn't stand it any longer so right in the middle of class, I closed the book, left the room, went down to the counselor's office, handed her all of my books and said, "I'm leaving. You should have seen her face when I said that. She said, 'what do you mean you're leaving?'" I looked at her and said. "You people don't realize how valuable my time is to me and this is the biggest waste of time in the world." I turned around and left her office and walked out. "I went back to home schooling and just working on the farm. I decided I would apply to college. Dad was really against it because like I said, I was his work of art. He didn't want me to get messed up by the city and people who didn't share his values. He loved teaching me and so did Mom. Like I said, I was his jewel.At first I liked it when he said that, but then as I got older and wanted to go to college and I didn't like being his jewel. It was hard for me to tell him what I felt because I knew how much I meant to him."

Sherry took a sip of her soup, "Great soup, isn't it," she said, then continued. "I was reading a book by D.H. Lawrence at the time called 'Women in Love,' and that was an awakening for me." Sherry took another spoonful of soup. "Reading that book made me realize how beautiful sex was and how important it is to be free and open to life." Sherry paused and we both ate more soup. It was spicy but delicious. "This is the best soup in the world," she exclaimed, then continued, "After I read that book and went away to college and had sex for the first time, I realized that sex is honest and beautiful. How can anything that feels so good and gives such pleasure, be bad?" We were just finishing the soup when the waitress brought us our platters and took the soup bowls away. 

I was fascinated with Sherry's story and how she thought about life. I loved how she looked at me while she spoke. She was so clear and talked with such intensity that I was gripped by her words. Sherry looked down at the Pad Thai and put some on her plate. I helped myself to the curried chicken. Then she continued speaking. 

"It hurt me to see Dad's face when I told him I wasn't his jewel anymore. I told him I knew he loved me and has taught me so much, but I can't belong to him or anyone like I'm a possession. I told him I was applying to Brown and a few other places." Sherry took a sip of water. "This pad thai is pretty spicy but that's the way I like it," she said. "Here, try some. How's the chicken?" she asked and took some and put it on her plate. 

"Any way, when I told him my plans, he said he didn't want me to leave home and go away to college, that there was still so much he had to teach me and how much he wanted me to learn about life and the farm. I told him I appreciated what he has taught me but if he really loved me he would not keep me here like a bird in a cage. He got angry when I said that and denied he was making me a prisoner and how corrupt it was in the world and how he didn't want me to get hurt and tarnished—that was his jewelry metaphor. He did not want his jewel to get ruined and that's why he wants to keep me away from apprentices. He thinks they only want to have sex with me but don't care about what a beautiful person I am—that's what he says." 

"I understand," I said. "That's too bad that he doesn't really know me and lumps me in with all apprentices or just guys in general."

"Right and Pete, when you said to me the other night you didn't want to make me or anyone else be in your movie, that blew me away. Most men don't think like that. They want their women to be possessions. I really believe you and that line from your poem about the sun rising from your lyric heart—that meant so much to me. I felt you were someone who was in charge of his life and would want me to be in charge of my life and not try to control me."

"Thanks for saying that, Sherry, that's true. it's not right, in fact it's immoral to get in the way of someone else's spirit."

"That's it. I need to be free. I want the freedom to think, to travel, to speak my mind." She paused with a big smile "and fuck!" She laughed. "I want to be free to have sex when I'm turned on by someone. I love my body and I love how I feel when I'm fucking. I feel alive. I love using my body to give me and others pleasure. What a gift our minds and bodies are. What a goddamn fucking great gift it is to be so alive and to feel pleasure."

Listening to her was turning me on. I was getting aroused by her passionate words and the intensity of her eyes as she spoke. "You're amazing" I said. "I want to make love to you. Listening to you gives me a hard-on."

Sherry laughed. "You're pretty amazing too," she said, leaning forward revealing her tits. 

"I want to make love to you too, Pete." She looked me in the eyes. "Let's finish up and get back to the motel."

"I wish I could fuck you, now," I whispered, moving my face closer to hers. She moved her face towards me.

"What do you want to do to me?" she whispered, moving within a few inches of my face. 

"What do you want me to do to you?" I asked.

"I want you to suck my tits," she said, smiling.

"Then what?" I asked, feeling my cock getting large.

"Then I want you to eat me. I want your tongue in my pussy and licking me like I was a bowl of milk." My cock was bulging in my pants.

"And after that?" I asked, watching her take a bite of her chicken and chew slowly, licking her tongue over her lips. 

"Your turn. You tell me what you want to do?" She asked. 

"What do you think?" I asked, teasing her. 

"No, you tell me what you want to do to me."

"I want you to ride my cock," I said. "I want my cock so deep in you you're like a wild woman, moving up and down on me, using my body for your pleasure. I want you to use my body 'til you come all over me and then I'm going to turn you over and ram my cock in you until you can't stand it any longer and beg me to stop." I was leaning across the table speaking so no one else could hear.

"Let's get out of here," she said. "I'm too horny to sit here. Let's get back to the motel." 

I called the waitress over for the check. She brought us some pineapple with toothpicks, but I took the check and left the money on the table. Sherry was already at the door. When we got to the truck, she was leaning against the door and pulled me against her. We kissed in the parking lot. It was pretty dark. While we were kissing, she grabbed my balls and felt my bulging cock and said, "I want this in me. I can't wait for you to fuck me."

I reached in back of her and opened the truck door. When she stepped into the truck her short dress rose up and her round ass looked so tempting. I closed her door and went to the driver's side. When I got in I noticed she had her dress up to above her crotch. I knew she wasn't wearing panties. She had her finger in her pussy and was masturbating. "I'm so horny, I can't wait.'" she said and continued playing with herself. I leaned over and moved closer to her and took her hand away from her pussy and put my face between her legs and started licking her. She put her hand on my head and pulled me into her and my tongue licked around the lips of her pussy and then went deeper. Her head was against the window of the door and she started sliding down and she spread her legs so that my tongue could go deeper. "That feels so good," she said. "I love it. I love it, Keep doing that. Oh yes, that's good. Come on and eat me, eat me," and then she got louder and screamed, "EAT ME! EAT MY PUSSY." 

We were in the parking lot right in front of the restaurant. Anyone could see or hear what we were doing, but we didn't care. I spread her legs farther apart and got my tongue as deep in her cunt as I could. Then I found her clit and started sucking on it and she shrieked, "OHHHHHHHHHMYGOD, DO THAT. THAT'S IT, DO THAT!" 

She had her hand on my head pulling me deeper into her cunt. I was licking her clit and then licking from one end of her pussy to the other, as she pushed her body against my mouth. "DO IT. THAT'S IT. EAT ME IT FEELS SO GOOD. EAT ME HARDER!"

I then reached up and grabbed her tits and started kneading them. She put her hands on mine and pressed them hard against her tits. "Oh Pete, that feels so good, grab my tits. Grab them like that. I love it. I love it." I was playing with her tits and eating her pussy and loving the smell of sex in the truck and how she was moving against my tongue and screaming," EAT ME!" 

Suddenly, Sherry pushed my head away. She looked at me and was panting and said, "Stop, let's get back to the motel." 

I didn't want to stop and gave her pussy a few more licks. I wanted her to cum, but she pushed me away and said, "Come on. Let's get going. I want to get back to the motel."

"I'm so horny," I said. "I don't know if I can drive." "I'm horny, too. Let's go! "I'll give you a blow job while you're driving," Sherry said. 

I pulled out of the parking lot and started back towards the motel. Sherry crawled across the seat, meowing like a cat. "Meow, meow," Then she unbuttoned my pants, pulled down the zipper and pulled my engorged cock out. "Meow," she said again and started licking the outside of my cock. Her head was just below the steering wheel and then she put her hot mouth over the top of my cock and started moving up and down. Her mouth was wet and the slurping sound and the moaning she was making as she sucked was driving me crazy. My fingers gripped the steering wheel and I tried to keep my eyes on the road. My cock was deep in her throat and she was bobbing up and down, up and down. Her mouth felt so good, I don't know how I kept driving. I wanted to stop and grab her and fuck her. We were getting close to the Riverside Motel. I hadn't cum yet but was on the verge of spurting cum into her mouth when I pulled into the parking lot. Sherry hadn't cum from my eating her. We were both drunk with lust and on the edge of exploding and desperate to get to each other's bodies. 

I parked the truck and got out and so did she. We ran up to our door. I fiddled with the key. "Hurry up and open the door," she said, pressing her body against my arm and I looked down and saw her tits almost falling out of her dress. Finally I opened the door. She slammed it shut and pushed me against it trying to get my pants down. I grabbed her dress by the hem and tried to pull it off but our arms got in the way. She them stepped back and pulled the dress over her head while I got my pants off. She went to the bed and was on her back with her legs spread wide. Her cunt was open to me. I walked to the bed and my cock was standing straight out. She said, "Get over here and give me that big cock."

I got on my knees between her legs, grabbed my cock and thrust it into her with all my strength. I was pounding her so hard she was bouncing up to me on the bed. 

Sherry's legs were wrapped around my back, pulling me into her. I lifted myself out and rammed my cock back in her. "You're so tight!" I said, as I pushed deeper into her. he was lifting herself up to get more of my cock. "GIVE IT TO ME HARD," she screamed. I loved how she told me what she wanted and how loud she screamed. It egged me on and made me want to fuck her as hard as I could. 

Suddenly, Sherry stopped and pushed me off of her and on to my back. She then climbed on me and turned around. Her wet pussy was now at my mouth. "Eat me," she said. "Eat me!" And then she took my cock in her mouth and started bobbing up and down. I put my hands on her round ass and put my tongue in her wet pussy as deep as I could. I was eating her pussy and she was sucking my cock and grabbing my balls. I found her clit and licked it as hard as I could, my tongue moving up and down. While I did that I put a finger in her ass hole and that made her jump. She took my cock out of her mouth and screamed, 'OH MYGODKEEP DOING THAT!"

She got my cock back in her mouth and was going down on it, getting it to the back of her mouth, licking it with her tongue. I loved having my hands on her round firm ass, my finger going in out of her ass hole, my tongue sucking her clit while she was bobbing up and down on my cock. 

Then she stopped, turned around, straddled my body and took hold of my cock, raised her body up over it and impaled her self on it with a scream that I thought would bring the police,"OHHHHHHHHHHHMYGOD" I grabbed her tits and lifted my self up to suck on one of her nipples while my hand played with the other. She was on her knees and would rise up and then come down hard on my cock, wiggle around, moving forward, rubbing her clit against my swollen cock. She was riding me like I was her horse. I loved sucking her big tits and playing with them. She took one of her hands off my chest and placed one over the hand that was on her tit and pushed it harder. "PLAY WITH MY TITS" she screamed. "I LOVE IT. DO IT." She was going up and down, up and down, up and down on my cock, riding it hard. "COME ON BABY FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME!" she yelled as she came down on my cock. 

Then I lifted her up and flipped her on her back and plowed my cock into her. She then lifted me up and bucked me off of her and got on top again, riding me with wild abandon. Then I rolled over on top of her again and suddenly we fell off the bed and on to the floor. We both laughed. My cock slipped from her pussy, but I quickly grabbed her legs, lifted them to my shoulder and then thrust my cock into her and she screamed again, "OHHHHHHHHHGOD OHHHHHHHFUCK!"
