 Chapter 10—The Final Chapter

Sherry rested her head on my shoulder as we lay naked and panting on the floor of my cabin. After a few minutes, she lifted her head, looked me in the eyes and gave me devilish smile.

"Guess what?" she asked. "What?" I asked. 

"I'm still horny," she said and started rubbing her pussy slowly against my thigh.

"You are--after what we just did."

"Sorry," she said, straddling and moving slowly up and down on my thigh. 

"I don't know," I said. "My cock is kind of out of it." "Your tongue isn't, is it?" she asked, still smiling.

"You're amazing," I said.

"Can't help it, if I'm still turned on," she said, grinding her pussy harder into my thigh. She then sat up straddling my body and wiggled her way over my chest until her legs were spread wide open at my mouth. She looked down at me and said, "Fuck me with your tongue!" I grabbed her hips, lifting my head slightly and started licking her pussy lips. She leaned back with her hands in back of her on my thighs so that her pussy was open, allowing my tongue to go deeper. "Oh god that feels so good," she said. "Keep doing that." She was pushing herself harder against the flat of my tongue as I lapped at her pussy. "I love this! I love this!" she said bucking up against my mouth. 

I then started darting my tongue in and out then licking her clit, teasing it as she leaned back then darting my tongue in and out again and again, playing with her. She was dripping juice all over my mouth and I loved the taste and smell. I licked her clit with more intensity then fucked her with my tongue darting in and out of her pussy like the tongue of a snake. I felt my cock getting harder and knew it was now standing straight up in back of her. I was getting so turned on by Sherry's words, as she leaned further back,opening her legs and pushing her pussy harder against my tongue. "Oh yes, yes, fuck me with your tongue. Eat me. Eat me. I love it!"

My hands moved up from her hips as I tried to twist her body to turn her around. She looked in back of her and saw my cock standing straight up and said, "Wow. I want that!"

She quickly lifted one leg and turned around so that she was lying down with her round ass in front of my mouth. I went back to licking her pussy with my tongue while she grabbed my cock, putting it in her mouth, bobbing up and down on it with wild intensity. I grabbed her ass, squeezing its softness as I swirled my tongue around her wet pussy. Sherry moaned while she sucked my cock, bobbing up and down faster and faster. She pushed her pussy against my licking tongue as we fucked each other with a growing intensity that wasn't going to last much longer. 

Suddenly, I got the urge to get my cock in her pussy. I gave her a few more deep licks of my tongue then pushed her off of me. She was on her back with her legs wide open for me. She looked up at me and then said, "Let's get on the bed." "Good idea," I said and quickly stood up, grabbed her hands and pulled her up. My cock was standing straight out. Sherry looked so sexy standing there, her hair disheveled and her eyes filled with lust."Come on. Let's fuck!" 

She started pushing me to the bed then turned me around, got on the bed laying on her back, her legs spread, her knees bent. She raised her arms to me, smiling. I looked down at her. She then looked at my cock standing straight out and said, "Come on, Pete, take me!" I got on the bed between her knees, grabbed my cock, placed it at her opening and thrust into her as hard as I could. Sherry gasped as I slid deep into her. She put her arms around my shoulder and pulled me down on her. She wrapped her strong legs around my waist, her ankles locked. Her wet tight hot pussy swallowed my cock. I pulled out to the rim of her pussy lips and thrust in again and then again and again. Sherry screamed, "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! GIVE IT TO ME HARDER!" I was picking up speed, thrusting faster and harder, making the bed squeak, as I pounded into her with all of my strength. Her tits were crushed by my body. I was fucking her hard and she was thrusting her body up to meet my thrusts, taking me into her with wild abandon, screaming, "HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER. OHMYGOD I LOVE IT. FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" I was able to keep going because I had cum so recently. I was ramming my cock into her when she raised herself higher and pushed me off of her onto my back. She quickly mounted me and started riding my cock. "I love riding you," she said. "Your cock feels huge in me." She lifted herself off of me and then pounded down, then up and down, up and down, up and down riding me like she was a cowgirl on a bucking bronco. Her tits were bouncing up and down and her long hair was all over the place as she rode my cock. I had my hands on her hips, lifting her up and pulling her down. Sherry was screaming, "FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! as she came down hard on my cock. I loved looking at the intensity on her face. Her eyes were closed as she rode my cock. 

"OH FUCK! OHGOD! I'M CUMMING" she yelled as she bounced up and down on my cock."I'M CUMMING HERE IT COMES, OH FUCK! FUCK! OH FUCK!"

Finally, she slowed down, wiggling her pussy on my cock, getting the last of her orgasm out and then she rolled over on her back next to me. I got on my knees between her legs as she open herself to me. I knew I wouldn't last too much longer as I entered her sopping tight pussy. She put her arms around my shoulder and pulled me down to her, but then I got back up on my knees, my cock at her entrance and rammed into her. She was pretty spent but as I fucked her, she responded with upward thrusts as I rammed deeper into her. I was now on the verge of cumming and could feel my cock swelling as my sperm started slowly rising. "I'm cumming," I said, softly but as I felt it rising, my voice started screaming with each thrust, "I'm cumming. Cumming. CUMMING. CUMMING HERE IT COMES."

"Come on. Pete," Sherry urged. "Cum in me. I want it. FUCK ME!" 

She could tell I was getting closer. "FUCK ME. GIVE IT TO ME OHGOD I WANT YOUR CUM IN ME." I looked down at her urging me on. I loved how free she was with her body and her mouth and how she screamed at me to fuck her, how she loved fucking and how sensual, sexy and unselfconscious she was, how raw and wild we were when we fucked. "I'M CUMMMMMMMMING" I yelled as spurt after spurt filled her pussy as I rammed into her, feeling it milk every ounce of sperm from me. I collapsed on her and she hugged me and we just lay there for several minutes, unable to move, taking deep breaths. I didn't want to take my softening cock out of her and it felt wonderful to be wrapped in each other's arms as we came down from the intensity of our ecstasy.

After awhile, Sherry lifted her head and said, "I'm starving. Let's go up to the house and get some of your bagels." 

"I'm hungry too," I said, remembering neither of us had eaten. We got up, found our clothes and got dressed. "Do you think we should go up to the house separately so your Dad doesn't see us?"

Sherry thought a minute as she slipped on her sneakers. "It might bother him but, I don't want to have to sneak around anymore."

"Maybe we should go slowly," I said. "Maybe," Sherry said, "but the sooner he gets used to it the better. I think if he sees us both working hard during the day and that my being with an apprentice doesn't interfere with the farm work, he'll come around." 

When we left the cabin, we looked up at the house and Sherry said,"Let's race." Before I realized what was happening, Sherry took off and got a head start. I started running, trying to catch up with her. She was running at full speed but I managed to get up along side of her. I was impressed with how fast she ran, taking long strides. I put on a burst of speed and dashed ahead of her, but she caught up and we were running side by side. We looked at each other, smiling but with determination in our eyes. As we reached the house, I put on another burst of speed and got to the front porch about a foot or two in front of her. "I win!" I shouted, laughing. 

"Wow, that was fun," she said, gasping for air. We were both out of breath as we opened the front door. Sherry's father was at the table looking over catalogues with his calculator next to him. Mary was at the stove, stirring a big pot of soup.

"We just came for some bagels," Sherry said. 

John looked up at both of us, but didn't say a word. Mary said, "These bagels are wonderful. John already had three," she said. "John, tell Pete what you said about the bagels." John looked up, but didn't say anything, just shook his head, sulking. There was an awkward silence while Sherry started slicing two bagels. Mary turned to me and said, "He said if he can farm like he bakes bagels, things will be okay." I looked at John when Mary said that and he looked up briefly then went back to his work, still sulking. 

Sherry handed me a buttered bagel on a plate and said, "Come on upstairs, I want to show you my studio."

I looked over at John to see if he reacted but he didn't. Before we left the kitchen, I said to Mary, "That soup smells great. What kind is it?"

"Just potato leek with some cabbage and carrots," she said. "You'll have some at supper tonight," she said. Then I followed Sherry to the stairs as we went up to her room. 

"This is one of my favorite places in the world," she said, as we entered. The room had two large windows with white curtains. Sunlight was making the room glow. Her bed was made and had a floral comforter and two large pillows with a teddy bear propped against one of them. "There's my studio," she said, pointing to a smaller room just off the bed room. We walked in and I saw a long table with jars filled with colorful stones and beads. She opened a drawer and I saw rings, necklaces, bracelets and pins of all shapes and sizes. She picked up a bracelet and showed it to me, "I love making bracelets with different colored beads. "I made this one when I was twelve and never wanted to sell it," she said. 

I was impressed with the intricate, colorful design. I looked at the row of jars, the small welding iron at the end of the table. 

"I need to get out of this skirt," she said and picked up her jeans from the back of a rocking chair she had in the corner or her room. She squirmed out of her skirt and wiggled into the jeans, breathing in to button them. I loved how tight the jeans were on her ass. She then went to a drawer and pulled out a yellow shirt and pulled it over her head. It was low cut and tight fitting. Her nipples were visible and I was starting to get turned on again. I walked over to hold her, but she pushed me away, gently and laughed, "Hey, buddy, you can't touch me in my room, Dad will hear us." 

"Sorry," I said. "You just look so hot in those jeans and shirt."

"I like turning you on," she said. She then went over to her table and picked up a book and said, "This is my journal. Want to hear what I wrote about us?" 

"Sure, if you don't mind sharing it with me," I responded. 

Sherry turned a few pages and found a place with her finger. She was leaning against the edge of her work table. "Okay, listen to this,

'I met Pete my first night home from college and saw how he looked at me. I knew I wanted to fuck him. I loved how he looked at me and I started flirting. I didn't want him to think I was just a flirt but knew that would change once he got to know me. Later that night, I snuck down to his cabin and we got high and then it didn't take long before we were fucking like wild animals. Pete's a great lover.'" While she was reading I could feel myself getting aroused. She looked up and saw the bulge in my pants and smiled. "Want to hear more?" she asked. I wasn't sure if she was teasing me or not. 

She turned the page and moved her finger down towards the middle. "Okay, listen to this. 

'Pete came to the barn and found me on my old saddle in my cutoffs and boots. I always wanted to fuck on the saddle so this was a fantasy come true. He got on and pressed his cock against my ass while my cunt was pressed against the horn—that was so intense. Then I turned around. First he fucked me with his tongue, while I stood with my legs spread and my feet in the stirrups and then I saw his big cock standing straight up. I pushed his face away and came down on his cock. I was already wet and his cock went all the way in and I rode his cock like I was on a horse, my legs were spread and his cock filled my cunt. We fucked so hard I saw stars.'

Sherry's reading got me so hot I wanted to grab her. When I moved towards her she said, "No, no, no, you can't touch me in here," she said with a sly smile on her lips. 

"But you can touch yourself, if you want. I want to watch you jerk off while I read to you," she said. 

"You're bad," I said. 

"I know and you love it don't you?" she said. "Go ahead. I want you to jerk off in front of me." She turned the page and started to read.

'I snuck down to his cabin after Dad went to sleep. Pete read me a line from a poem and I was really touched by his writing. We talked about how wrong it is to make someone be in your movie and he would never do that. I felt like we were really getting to know each other. Then I told him to fuck me and fuck me hard. I got on the bed and spread my legs and told him to come take me. We rolled around on his bed. First he was on top and then I was, then he was again. My legs were straight up on his shoulders and he pounded my pussy making me scream my head off. It was the most intense fucking so far. He's strong and I love how we fuck.'" 

Sherry looked at the bulge in my pants, leaned forward and unbuttoned my jeans and said, "Come on jerk off for me." 

Her reading got me so hot I couldn't stand it, so I grabbed my cock. It was a big stiff rod. She reached for a jar of Vaseline from her shelf and handed it to me and said, "This will help." 

I put some on my palm and started jerking off and she was obviously enjoying the show. She licked her lips with her tongue, staring at my hand going up and down on my cock. Then she put the book down, leaned against the table, spread her legs and put her hand inside her tight jeans. I could see her fingers probing her pussy and she started playing with herself. I moved towards her and straddled her outstretched legs and was jerking off just above her crotch. I was looking at her hands inside her tight jeans, moving faster and faster and she was watching my hands move faster and faster on my cock. I moved to within an inch of her crotch, straddling her legs but not touching. We were really going at it, not making a sound, not touching but very close, masturbating for each other. While she played with her pussy, her other hand lowered her shirt, pulled out one of her tits out and she started massaging it, pinching and pulling her nipple. Watching her play with her tit, turned me on even more and I moved even closer, bending my knees slightly so that my balls were an inch from her jean covered pussy. She stared at my cock, biting her lips and I could tell my jerking off was getting her hot. My cum was starting to rise in me and she could tell I was getting ready to burst. She was getting ready to cum too. She opened her mouth wider as she moved her fingers harder on her pussy, holding back a silent scream. I felt my sperm rise and suddenly it spurted straight up and on to her yellow shirt and her tits, hanging out. Spurt after spurt came and I could see Sherry was on the edge of cumming as her mouth got wider and became a big O. She closed her eyes as her body shook. She then opened her eyes and looked into mine as another orgasm swept over her. I held my cock just above her crotch and we didn't budge. It was as if we had fucked without touching. 

"That was so damn hot," Sherry finally said. "Man, are we crazy," she said, glancing over at the open door. 

I looked at the door and said, "We could have gotten caught," I said. "True," she said, "but isn't it fun being bad, like this," she said, looking down at the cum on her shirt. 

We then put ourselves back together and walked over to the window. It was a warm sunny afternoon. Everything was green. I could see the cow in the pasture, the sheep grazing, the barn and the line of trees on the edge of the farm. 

Sherry was standing next to me and pointed to the other side of the farm and said, "That's where Dad wants to build me a house," she said. 

"Wow, that would be great," I said. "It's so beautiful here."

"I know and I do love it here, but I'm not sure what's going to happen in the future. I have another year of college and I want to travel and do things. I'm too young to settle down." "What do you think will happen to us?" I asked. 

"Who knows?" she said. "Right now, I love being with you and think we should really work hard on the farm and show my Dad that he didn't make a mistake by not firing you." She paused. "And we should fuck as much as we can. Other than that I can't think about plans." 

"I understand," I said. "I had a teacher at college who said, 'If you want to make God laugh, tell Him you have a plan.'"

"Wow, that's a great line," Sherry said, laughing. 

Then we both got quiet, looking out the window at the farm. Neither of us wanted to speak. Sherry took my hand and we stood there, holding hands. 

I looked at her as we stood there. Finally, I said, "I want to say something and I hope you don't think it's corny."

"I won't," she answered, looking up at me. "What is it?"

"This is a hope," I said and looked at her. "Remember my poem I wrote the other night?" I asked, looking into her eyes.

"Sure," she answered. "I remember."

"It's from that poem," I said. I took a deep breath and said, "I hope the sun that shines now on your lovely face will always rise tomorrow from lyric heart."

"That's nice," Sherry said, squeezing my hand. "Thanks for saying that."

We were quiet as we stood by the window looking out at the farm. 

"Want to hear about a movie I was just thinking about?" I asked. 

"Sure," she answered, looking at me.

"In the movie these two characters who look like you and me travel together after the girl finishes college and the two of them hike and camp and work in different countries and have lots of adventures and then they decide to come back to the farm where the girl grew up and they build a house on the other side of the farm that is off the grid." I pointed in the direction she showed me earlier. "In the movie it's kind of like it is here." 

"Hmmmmm, nice movie,' she said. "I would like that movie." She smiled and looked out at the open field across the way and then back at me. "I even think my dad would like that movie," she added. 

I put my arm around her shoulder and we stood there at the window looking out at the farm and both of us were quiet.