 Sherry was still wearing the tight black skirt. She hadn't taken it off when we fucked. She put on the red wig and was still playing being Mary Jane. I laughed when she put on the wig but didn't say anything. When we got out of bed, she walked over to her backpack, shuffled through it and pulled out a joint. 

"How's about you and me getting stoned?" she asked. "Ah got me some dynamite weed here." 

"Why not," I answered. 

"Ah love to fuck when ah'm high. Ah get wild as a wildcat," she said. She took a pack of matches from her backpack, lit the joint and took a big hit, closing her eyes and sucking in the smoke. She came over to me and handed me the joint. 

"Here you are Pete," she said and went back to her backpack. I took a hit of the joint and watched her bend over. She pulled a long white tee shirt out and put it on the bed. She came over and took the joint and took another deep hit, closing her eyes and she held in the smoke. 

"Ah think ah'd like to take me a nice hot shower," she said. "You can join me if you cares too, Petey," she said, walking past me and handing me the joint. She headed into the bathroom. She turned and looked at me, "Well, ya comin' or ain't ya?" I took another hit of the joint and knew I was already starting to feel its effect. I followed her into the bathroom. She had shimmied out of her tight skirt and was reaching in to turn on the water. She was naked and I couldn't take my eyes off her round ass and grapefruit sized tits. "Give me another hit of the joint," she said. I handed it to her and she inhaled. Still playing Mary Jane, she stood by the shower naked with the red wig on. She stepped into the shower then turned to me and said, "Hey guy, get in here." I could tell by her eyes she was stoned and I was feeling a real buzz in my head. 

When I got in, she let the water pour down on her, getting her red hair wet. Then she leaned into me, pushing her big tits into my chest. "Man, am ah high," she said. "Damn, that's powerful stuff. Ah feel like ah'm floatin' an' this water feels soooo good." She looked up at me and smiled. "Come on, Pete give me a kiss and she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me hard to her lips while the warm water poured down on us. 

She was sticking her tongue deep in my mouth and my tongue was swirling around, wrestling with her fierce tongue as we devoured each others mouths, all inhibitions gone. Then she sucked and bit my lip and pushed her tongue back in my mouth, sliding it around the top of my mouth. It was ferocious kissing. We were kissing so hard and with such intensity that it was beginning to hurt. She moaned and I moaned as our passionate kisses were getting hotter under the pounding water. 

Suddenly, she stopped and pulled off her wig and threw it outside. "I can't stand that damn wig anymore," she said. She then grabbed my head again, kissing me hard, her tongue lashing at my tongue and swirling around my mouth and groaning as our kisses got hotter and harder, our arms wrapped around our wet bodies, grinding into each other as we kissed. 

I moved my hands down to her ass and pulled her hard into me. My cock was up against her wet belly and she lifted herself up to rub her cunt up and down my cock. Then she reached for some soap and started lathering my body and then hers. We were soapy and slippery and our bodies slid over each other and my cock was rubbing against her slippery cunt and we were dizzy with lust and dizzy from kissing and dizzy from rubbing and dizzy from the hot water and dizzy from being so stoned we didn't know what we were doing as we just let go of our bodies slipping and sliding over each other, feeling the sensual pleasure of our wet tingling skin as our lust took over our minds and our mouths made moaning sounds that got louder and louder as our bodies got hotter and hotter pressing hard against each other until I had to turn her around and push her hard against the wall and take my cock which had never been harder or bigger and I bent her over and took my cock in my hand and brought it to her swollen pussy and rammed it deep into her with a force I couldn't contain and she screamed as my cock filled her and she yelled, OHHHHHHGOD FUCK ME. FUCK ME. COME ON, GIVE IT TO ME HARD. FUCK ME!" We were both out of our minds as I pounded her. She had her hands on the tiled wall as the hot water poured over us. I opened her legs with my knees to give me more access to her pussy and she screamed, "DO IT TO ME! DO IT HARD. HARDER! HARDER! THAT'S IT, BABY. FUCK ME. GIVE ME YOUR COCK. I WANT IT SO BAD!"

My cock was like a red hot iron and I was ramming my rod into her pussy like I was a wild man. We were both wild animals fucking with an energy and fury that I had never experienced before. The water was pouring down over both of us and I was grunting and Sherry was screaming, "OH GOD. OH GOD! OH FUCK! FUCK! AHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Her body was shaking and shuddering as I pounded her. "FUCK ME. FUCK ME OH FUUUUUUUUUUK" she screamed and I knew she was having a huge orgasm. Her screaming and words made me want to fuck her harder. I could feel my sperm rising from my balls and into my cock. I looked up at the top of the shower and shouted, "I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMMING!" 

Sherry's tight cunt was milking my swollen cock. "GIVE IT TO ME!" she screamed. "I WANT IT! CUM IN ME BABY! DON'T STOP! KEEP FUCKING ME." 

"I'M CUMMING! HERE IT COMES!" "HERE IT COMES!" I yelled as spurt after spurt filled her pussy, "I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!" "OH YEAH, THAT FEELS SO HOT! GIVE IT TO ME! CUM IN ME!"

I never came so hard in my life. I was trying to catch my breath as I held on to Sherry. I couldn't move and kept my cock in her for a minute and tried to catch my breath. Finally, we both collapsed to the floor of the shower with the water pouring down on us. It was a small shower stall and Sherry was leaning against one wall and I was leaning against the other, gasping for air. We looked at each other through our wet hair, taking deep breaths and then we started laughing as we looked lovingly at each others eyes. "I'm starving," Sherry said. "Let's get something to eat."

"Great idea," I answered. "What do you want?"

Sherry stood up, turned off the water and reached out for two towels, handing one to me. She stepped out of the shower and while we were drying ourselves, she suddenly slapped my ass hard with her towel and started running into the other room. I ran after her. She leaped onto one of the beds and was standing there with her towel in her hand, her hair wet, challenging me to hit her with my towel. Her legs were spread wide as she was crouched like a wrestler. Her tits were so firm they stood out from her chest. Suddenly, she lashed her towel at me hitting the side of my face and laughed. Just as I swung my towel at her, she leaped off the bed and went to the corner of the room and stood on a chair. She was standing above me. "Think, you're tough, do you?" she yelled, taunting me. "Think you can catch me and make me your slave!" she said, with a sly smirk on her face. 

I went around the bed, with my towel ready to swing at her. She was lashing her towel back and forth so fast that I couldn't get close enough without getting hit. Just then I grabbed her towel and held it so she couldn't move it. She tried tugging it from me, but I held tight and then pulled her from the chair. She let go of the towel, and pushed me backwards and dashed past me. 

"Think you can catch me," she taunted as she ran to the other side of the room. I jumped over the bed and caught up with her. She turned and tried to run past me, but I caught her arm and pulled her to me and then pushed her against the wall. I took her hands, lifted them above her head and pinned them to the wall with my hands, my body pushing hard against her tits. She was squirming, trying to get away from me. Our faces were close to each other. She was trying to break free. Her head was against the wall and I leaned forward so that my mouth was next to her ear. Her tits were crushed against my chest. She was trying to push me away, but I held her writhing body hard against the wall.

"You're not going anywhere," I whispered in a sinister voice. "I got you where I want you."

"Think so," she said, as she pushed back against me. Suddenly, she bit my shoulder enough to hurt. "Ouch!" I said as I loosened my grip. She bucked me hard with her head and pushed me back. She got away laughing and dashed past me. I caught her by the wrist but she broke free and started running to the other side of the room. I ran after her and just as she passed the bed,I tackled her from behind and we fell to the floor, wrestling. She tried to break away kicking at me, but I had a firm grip of her legs. She was on her belly trying to crawl away. I looked up at her round ass just above my face. She was still trying to kick me away, but I tightened my grip. 

"You're not going anywhere," I shouted and crawled up her body and got on top, pinning her to the carpet. My cock was on her ass. I grabbed her arms and stretched them in front of her. She was squirming and pushing up trying to buck me off of her. He ass was bucking into my cock as she lifted and squirmed. She screamed, "Let me go. Let me go." "Not until I fuck you," I said, holding her bucking body down as my cock rubbed against the crack in her ass. I couldn't believe how this fighting aroused me. 

"No way are you going to fuck me," she said, lifting and turning her head, looking fiercely at me. 

I leaned forward with my mouth next to her ear and whispered, "Oh yes I am. You're going to get what you deserve for being bad."

Sherry started squirming harder, bucking up against me to knock me off. I pushed my hard cock against her ass and started humping it. 

"Stop!" she screamed. "Let me go, damn it. Stop!" The bucking motion of her ass was turning me on.

"I know you want me to fuck you." 

"No, please. Let me go. Let me go."

"I'm going to fuck your brains out," I said and grabbed her hair.

"No. No. Let go of me. I'll be good. I promise."

"You want me to fuck you, don't you? Tell me!"

"Get off of me. Let me go." She said again, as she lifted her ass against my cock, still squirming to break free. I spread her legs with my knees, grabbed my cock and started moving it between her legs, just on the edge of her pussy.I kept it there, the tip moving up and down along her wet pussy lips.

"You like how this feels, don't you, Sherry? You like how my cock feels on you pussy. Tell me how much you like it."

She was lifting herself up, trying to get on her knees but I held her down. I was amazed at how strong she was. She almost knocked me off, but I stretched her arms in front of her, and pushed down harder, keeping my hard cock pressed against her pussy, "You're not going anywhere. I've got you were I want you." 

"Let me go," she yelled again. "Get off of me. You can't do this!"

I pushed my cock into her pussy, but her squirming made it hard to keep it in her.

I put my hand under her belly, raised myself up and flipped her over on her back, but made sure she couldn't get away. I was laying on top of her with my cock still at the edge of her pussy. I held her arms stretched out above her. Her tits were crushed by my chest. I looked her in the eyes and said, "You want me to fuck you, don't you. You want this big hard cock in you. Tell me you want me to fuck you. I know you want it." Now she was trying to buck me off with her pelvis. She was lifting up and squirming, but as she rose, her pussy kept rubbing against my cock. "You like how that feels, don't you," I said. 

"No. No. Get off of me!" 

"Beg me to fuck you," I said, rubbing my cock against her wet pussy. "You like this, don't you? You want my big cock in you, don't you? Tell me you want it. Come on. I can feel how wet you are. Tell me you want it! Tell me you want me to fuck you."

I pushed my cock into her a little deeper. She was still squirming and fighting. I pushed a little harder, spreading her legs wider with my knees as I went deeper. She was pushing up, trying to knock me off, but every time she lifted herself, my cock went deeper. 

"You want it. Tell me how much you want it."

"No. You can't have me. Let me go. Please let me go."

"You started this with your fancy towel action. Now you're going to get what's coming to you and I know you want me to fuck you. You want it bad, don't you?" 

"Let me go!" she said, still squirming and bucking. 

Suddenly I thrust my cock hard into her with a grunt and felt her open up. She gasped, "Ohhhhh fuck!"

Her legs were spread wide, but she suddenly wrapped them around my back, her heels pulling me deeper into her and screamed, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" 

Suddenly, I stopped moving and pulled my cock out and kept it up against the edge of her pussy and looked down. She looked at me, her mouth wide open. I held my cock at the edge of her pussy lips, not moving,teasing her. I smiled down at her. "Beg!" I yelled. "Beg me to fuck you! Come on, Sherry. Tell me what you want. Tell me. I want to hear you beg to be fucked." 

She lifted herself up trying to get my cock in her. "Beg!"

"FUCK ME, DAMN IT! COME ON, GIVE IT TO ME. PLEASE! FUCK ME YOU GOD DAMN BASTARD!" she yelled. 

I rammed my cock into her and couldn't believe how tight she was. "That's it, baby, take my cock. I love how tight you are. I love fucking you. You're wonderful! I love my cock in your tight cunt!"

She was lifting herself up to take my cock as I pounded her back to the carpet with each thrust. Her legs were wrapped around me like a vise, pulling me into her. OH GOD I LOVE HOW YOUR COCK FEELS. FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUUUUUUUUUK ME!" she screamed. I was thrusting and grunting and grinding my cock into her hot wet cunt, going deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Then I stopped with my cock deep in her. "You like this, don't you baby. This is what you wanted. You love being fucked, don't you? Tell me you like it."

"I LOVE IT! I LOVE IT! JUST FUCK ME! DON'T STOP! FUCK ME HARDER. GIVE IT TO ME!."

Her words inspired me to give her the fucking of her life. I loved her begging. I pulled out again, hovering over the edge of her pussy and then I thrust into her, pounding her, ramming her as fast as I could. 

She lifted her body off of the floor and I could feel her tremble and shake as an orgasm swept over her, "AHHHHHHHHHHH! THAT'S IT. KEEP DOING THAT! IT FEELS SO GOOD! OHHHHHHHHHHHFUCK! OHHHHHHHHFUCK!" 

I was still going strong and could feel my sperm rising. Sherry was holding onto my neck, her ass up off the floor, her legs wrapped around my back.

"You're going to have to beg me to stop. I'm going to fuck you 'til you can't take it any more."

Just then I stopped and grabbed her legs and put them on my shoulder. I was on my knees with my cock just at her entrance. 

"DON'T STOP. PLEASE KEEP IT IN ME. FUCK ME!"

I now had better access and looked down at where my cock was just at the edge of her swollen pussy. She was so open to me and my cock was bulging and hard. 

Suddenly, I plowed into her with all my strength and she screamed so loud I was sure they could hear her outside, "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH OHGODFUCK! DO ME! FUCKME FUCK ME FUCK ME!" 

"TAKE IT! TAKE IT! TAKE MY COCK!" I shouted, looking down at her, her arms spread out to the side, her head thrashing, her eyes were closed and then she opened them and was looking up at my face as I rammed my cock into her faster and faster as hard as I could---ram. ram, ram, ram. I could feel my sperm starting to rise, slowly but I wanted to go on forever. I could feel she was on the edge of another orgasm and said "You're going to have to beg me to stop." "OH MY GOD I'M CUMMING AGAIN! FUCK ME!" she shouted, looking up at me, as another orgasm swept through her and she screamed at the top of her lungs as I continued my hard thrusts. Her muscles were gripping my cock, milking me as I rammed into her. "Oh my God. I'm cummmming again," she screamed. "Oh. Oh. Ohh. Ohhh fuck. OHHHHHHH! OHHHHHHH FUCK. HERE IT COMES! HERE IT COMES! OHHHHHHHHHHFUCKFUCKFUCK GIVE IT TO ME! I'M CUMMING!"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK OHHHHHHHHHHHH!" 

Her screaming only made me fuck harder. "BEG ME TO STOP!" "OHHHHHGOD I CAN'T STAND IT" she screamed as her body quivered and shook. I kept fucking her and felt my sperm rising from my balls and through my engorged cock. I was thrusting hard, grabbing her ankles as her legs stood almost straight up on my shoulder. I was about to erupt and pounded even harder. Her cunt was still gripping my cock as I rose out of her pussy and then thrust into her with a loud grunt. 

"BEG ME TO STOP!" I shouted.Suddenly, I could not hold back and yelled, "I'M CUMMMMMMING! " I felt her cunt milking my cock. "DON'T STOP!" She screamed as I rammed into her. "CUM IN ME GIVE IT TO ME. I LOVE YOUR COCK IN ME" She looked up at me. "COME ON BABY FUCK ME!"  I knew she had already cum but she said, "You feel so good, in me. Keep fucking me. I want you to fill me with your cum." 

I loved how she was urging me on. "Here it comes! Here it comes. I'm cumming I'm cumming. I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING!"

I erupted in her like a volcano and could not believe where all the sperm was coming from especially after fucking three times in the last hour or so. I gave her three more hard thrusts as my sperm spurted out and we both held onto the intensity of our orgasms. Our bodies squirming, getting the last of the tingling sensations as she fell back to the floor and I collapsed on her body and we lay there, breathing heavily. We still smelled of soap from the shower and the aroma of sex as we lay still for a few minutes, holding each other, looking tenderly at each other and gasping for air.

"I love how we feel together," she said, looking up at me.

"Me, too, this is amazing" I added, still gasping for air. 

While we were lying there, we heard the musical ring of a cell phone. "That's my damn phone," Sherry said. I got off of her and she went to her back pack, took out the phone and answered, "Oh, hi, Dad." 

She looked at me as she spoke into the phone. "No. I'm alright now, but my car broke down on the way to Jenny's."

She was quiet, nodding her head at what her father was saying.

"Yeah, Yeah. I know. I know. Jenny didn't know I was going over. I wanted to surprise her. Why did you call her?"

Sherry was shaking her head, frowning. "Dad, why were you checking upon me? Why did you call Jenny to see if I was there? Yes, I'm with Pete. He stopped on the road when my car broke down. I'm really lucky he happened to be coming down that road." She paused, shaking her head in annoyance. "Dad, I'm not a baby. I can take care of myself. You don't need to check up on me all the time." She was listening to her father and getting upset with him. She had one hand on the top of her head as she held the phone with the other. "I know you worry. That's the problem. I can take care of myself. You don't have to worry."

She took the phone from her ear so she would not have to hear him. She then put it back to her ear, shaking her head. "Dad, Pete helped me push the car off the road and he gave me a ride into town. We're getting something to eat and the car is being towed to Ken's garage to see what's wrong." She listened. "Yes, I know it's Saturday and the garage is closed."

I was watching Sherry as she spoke, admiring how cool she was coming up with her story. I hadn't realized she hid her car just off the road, waiting for me to come by. 

"Dad, you can't fire Pete for helping me with my car. I'm lucky he was the one who stopped and not some stranger. It would be soooo wrong if you fired Pete."  She took a breath, looking at me. "We're on the way to the Bangkok for Thai food. I'll call Jenny and tell her what happened. Now, don't worry about me, I'm fine, thanks to Pete helping me with the car."
