 After a few pictures it was clear you were ready for more attention to be paid to your waiting pussy.

I rolled onto my side, facing you. Kissing my way across your body until I took your lips in mine, letting our tongues explore once again. I rolled onto you, feeling my semi-hard cock pressing your wet pussy. 

As our bodies came together, you let out a slight gasp, grabbing me tighter and holding me closer to you. My chest was pressed into your enormous breasts, your hard nipples poking into my chest. My once again stiffening cock pressing lightly against your wet outer lips, our passionate kiss got even hotter.

I kissed my way back down your sexy body once again, this time going straight to your hard clit. As I sucked it in my mouth, I slid two fingers into you, feeling you cum almost instantly as I did. 

I knew from our chats just how much you enjoy oral, almost as much as I do. After you had cum three more times, you begged me to put my cock in you, who was I to let you down?

I kissed my way back up your sexy body, you grabbed my face and pulled our lips together, almost forcefully. I knew you were ready and after nearly a year of teasing each other with our talks and "shows", I knew I was too.

I rolled over towards the nightstand and grabbed a condom. As I rolled back you looked at me and said "I haven't been with anyone in two years, I get tested every year and I got the Depo shot before I came to see you. You told me you haven't been with anyone since just after we met and that you too have been tested yearly. I want nothing to be in the way of us feeling this."

What was I to do? I had been tested, not so much because I needed to, with not having many partners and ALWAYS wearing a condom. I had known you only online and on the phone until today but I knew it would be okay.

"I just want you to be…" was all I could get out before you pressed your finger to my lips. "Shhhhhhhhhhh," you said. "I know it's what I want, what I need."

With that you pulled me down onto you, my cock once again resting against your wet outer lips of your pussy. Our kissing once again intensified as I started rubbing my cock ever so slightly against you. 

I leaned onto one elbow as we kissed; taking your waiting breast into my free hand as my cock slowly found its way into you. Both of us grabbed onto each other tightly as soon as I was in you. 

I cannot describe the feeling of sliding into you. Your tightness sucked my hardness in more and more. I slid deeper into you, slowly. Looking down at you, I saw your eyes glazed over in ecstasy. 

Never in my thirty years of living and nearly sixteen years of having sex had I felt anything so wonderful. I kept pushing into you until my entire 7 ½ inches was buried inside of you. Once I was fully inside of you I stopped, feeling you pulling me into you. 

I looked down as you looked up at me. Our lips met instantly as we felt this intense rush of feelings we were finally experiencing, together. One of your hands kept me pulled into you while the other was grabbing my head and pulling our mouths together even more.

Slowly I started sliding in and out, only about an inch at first, loving the feeling. Your legs wrapped around my waist and suddenly I was into you even more than before, I didn't think it was possible. 

As I continued to thrust in and out of you, you let go of me and took your bouncing tits into your own hands, twisting your nipples as you were moaning. Watching you drove me to thrust even harder. Now I was pulling almost all the way out of you before thrusting all the way back in. 

Every time I thrust in you let out another moan, another sound, another whimper. Your sounds were like none I had ever heard and between them and the fabulous feelings you were giving me I was driven to keep it up. 

Suddenly you were letting go of your tits and pulling me into you. "Oh God" was all you got out before I felt your tight pussy gripping even more onto my cock. Suddenly I felt your juices covering my cock. I am so glad we went without the condom!

Feeling you cumming, I kept fully buried inside of you. Your eyes were wide open but they seemed to be rolled back in your head in all the pleasure. I reached down and teased your hard clit. 

I thought you cumming was already the most intense but as soon as my fingers found your clit you became wild. Your body thrashing about on the bed, moving both of us around as you exploded, gushing your sweet cum all over my hard cock that was fully buried in you. 

After nearly a minute, your grip on my back loosened and I removed my fingers from your clit. You looked up at me and I saw pure satisfaction in your eyes. I brought my lips back down to meet yours, I thought you were going to attack me. 

"I've never had anything like that before baby." Was all you said but we both knew there was more to it.

"Cindy," I whispered, "You are amazing. I have never felt anything so amazing."

"Now you know what heaven feels like" you giggled.

I wrapped you in my arms, you grabbed me and pulled me deep into you once again. As we kissed, I rolled us over, keeping my cock buried inside of you the whole time. 

Slowly, you rose up, riding my hard cock. As you did, I took those sexy swinging tits in my hands, then reached up and took them in my mouth, holding them together so I could suck both hard nipples at the same time.

"Oh FUCK yesssssss" you screamed. 

It was the first time I had heard you swear in person and it just drove me to want to please you even more. It reminded me of when you were cumming on cam and would start swearing about your tight little pussy needing to be fucked hard. That used to get me off every time, this was a dream come true!

As you came on me again, I spanked your sexy ass. A quick gasp escaped your lips, which quickly turned to a smile.

"You remembered," you said "I didn't know if you would."

How could I not? You had sent me the movie of you and your toy buried in you, doggie style and as you came you spanked your own ass. I knew then and there if we ever did meet I would spank that big sexy ass as you came on me.

As you rode out your climax, I continued the occasional crack on your ass. 

Suddenly I remembered the surprise I had for you. I reached under the pillow and found it. You had said you always wanted to be filled completely, we were about to find out how you liked it.

Leaning up to suck your swinging tits again, I took the little toy in my right hand and reached around you. I caressed your sexy ass with the side of my hand, then slid the little toy down until it was resting at your anal opening. Your eyes show open and you suddenly stopped, my cock fully buried inside of you. 

"You naughty, naughty man. You are just full of surprises aren't you."

"You said you wanted to be fully filled" I said. "What better time than now to find out?"

Your lips turned into a wicked little grin as I brought the toy over to the side and applied some lube to it and to your puckered ass before letting it tease you once again. The skinny tip of it slowly slid into you as you let out a gasp.

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked

"Oh GOD no!" was your reply. "Put it in more."

As I slid more of it into you, I could feel you twitch on my cock. As I got about three of the four inches into you, I turned the vibrating base on. Instantly you started cumming. Your body twisting and turning on me, I reached out and teased your erect clit.

As you came on me, you grabbed your huge tits, twisting your nipples, gasping for breath. I felt your juices gushing out over my cock, more than ever before.

As your orgasm subsided, you started riding me again. A few minutes later, I felt you start to tighten up again. I knew you were close and I slid the last inch of the vibrator into your sexy ass. That did it and you came, screaming my name, bouncing on my cock.

I couldn't take anymore. I told you I was going to cum and you told me to fill you up. Never in my life have I felt such ecstasy. Cumming inside of you as you came on my cock with the vibrator in your sexy ass is more than I could take and I blew the biggest load of my life into you.

After we both had recovered from the intensity of our orgasms, you laid down on my chest, your softening nipples pressing into me. You kissed my lips and we both smiled.

My softening cock still inside of you, I held you close to me. I took the vibrator out of your ass and you giggled. Kissing your lips, I let my hands stroke your hair, pulling you closer to me with my other hand.

Looking at you smile as we held each other, I now knew what has been missing in my life. Glancing around the room I noticed most of the candles have burned out.

Looking at the clock I saw that it was after midnight. I knew you were exhausted and I held you to me as you drifted off to sleep. About 1am you stirred in your sleep and rolled off of me.

I was still in awe at the fact that you, this sexy woman, were here with me. I remembered meeting you online the first time on the Literotica site and your bio describing you as a BBW. One look at your pic and I was hooked.

Here I sit nearly an hour later typing the things that have happened. Would we put them on the site? I guess I will have to wait to ask you in the morning. 

Cindy, wanna know my other surprises?