 This is the same main character as the other stories, but this is a few years after the divorce. As always, you can read these in any order. Zoey is based on a real person, but I changed her name, city, career, and so on.

*****

It had been several years since the divorce, and I had gone through a couple of short relationships, but nothing serious. I was in the mood to start dating again, but I had not been having much luck. My workplace was too small, and not a good idea anyway. My church contained several great looking women, but I was always very careful about dating women in church, because honestly I didn't want people to think I was just going there to meet women. Meeting women at bars was impractical, and about the only thing left was websites. 

I really didn't know much about the different sites, so I joined several of them at once. I figured I would figure out what works, and then get rid of the ones that failed.

The "pay-for-membership" sites were usually designed to help people get a long-term relationship. This was fine, because you could spend a few weeks talking to someone online before you actually met. It tended to weed out the people who were wildly inappropriate.

The free sites were supposed to be a little more free-wheeling. You might meet someone online, suggest an in-person meeting, and then do anything the other party was willing to do.

The problem with the free sites was that they were dominated by guys, and most of the guys were just looking for hook-ups. I am assuming the ratio had to be pretty bad because women tended not to respond to me. 

So it came as a surprise when someone from one of the free sites responded to a message I had left. Her name on the site was just "Zoey", and I had been attracted to her because she was about my age, and had included several pictures. In the pictures, she was slightly overweight, but still very attractive.

I got the message on my phone, and I was just getting ready to leave work, so I decided to respond, make an offer, and hang out to see what happened. This particular website included the option to match people up based on location, so I knew she was nearby. I offered to take her to dinner at a Chinese restaurant in the same block, figuring that something within walking distance was always the best bet. 

She responded right away. "I am back in town just for a few days, and I don't know where that is. Can you give me directions from the Mandarin?"

The Mandarin was a pretty nice hotel not to far in the opposite direction. I was a little unsure about someone who was "back in town" for just a few days, but maybe it meant that she was looking for a hookup, rather than a long-term relationship. 

I was actually mostly looking for a girlfriend, and had said so on my profile, but I was certainly open to any other ideas she might have.

I went ahead and simplified the offer with my response: "No problem, let's meet at the restaurant in your hotel at 6:00. My treat."

I went ahead and added the last part because I was pretty sure the hotel restaurant was expensive. I had not gone on a date in a while, and I could easily afford the extra money to eat at a nice restaurant. That way, if she started giving off any red flags, I could just end the whole process pretty easily.

When I got to the restaurant, she was already seated at the bar, and stood up when she saw me. I had included a recent picture of myself, but clearly she had not. In her profile pictures, she had looked a little overweight, and slightly pale. In person, she was much thinner, and tanned as if she had been out in the sun all week.

She was wearing an off-white dress that extended just far enough down her leg to be professional, but still showed off a lot of leg. Her blouse was a little less professional, and didn't show much cleavage, but was tight enough to show off her body shape pretty well. Her dark skin and dark hair stood out against the pastels, and outlined her figure like a painting.

She was my age, but looked like she took her appearance very seriously, with plenty of exercise, careful diet, and expensive clothes.

"Wow, you look fantastic," I said. (This is about average for me. People who know me will tell you that my conversation skills are always this bad.)

"Thanks," she said politely. She didn't return the compliment, but I knew what I looked like. I was above average, but not a male model by any means. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to sound surprised," I apologized. "It is just that your profile picture is ... uh ..." 

Once again, my verbal skills deserted me.

Thankfully, she laughed. "Yeah, well, I use my fat picture in the profile. It keeps away guys who are hung up on appearance, and still lets me pick and choose a little."

We talked a bit about the dating site, and I got the impression she was evaluating me. Hopefully she was trying to decide if I was up to her standards for a night of sex, but I really couldn't tell. She was physically up to my standards, and most likely well above them. But I have pretty high standards for compatibility, which is one of the reasons I have not dated in so long.

"Do you ever worry that you are turning off guys who might be really in shape, and just looking for someone that is the same?"

She didn't even hesitate: "I actually have another profile on a different site that uses my real picture. On that site, though, I am a lot more picky." She named the site, and I had even considered it. It was one of the expensive dating sites that basically pre-screens the guys to make sure they are wealthy.

While we were talking, we went ahead and got a table at the restaurant. The restaurant was beautiful, but still kind of odd. The chairs were oversized while leather chairs that looked out over a formal garden in the afternoon sunlight. The tables were situated far enough away from each other that each table had a feel of privacy. It kind of gave the impresion we were relaxing in a massive extension of the lobby, rather than getting ready to eat at a restaurant.

"I am surprised you even want two different dating sites," I said. "You seem like the kind of person who could get as many dates as she wants from either one.

"A lot of dates, but most of them are jerks," she said. "Most guys just want to fuck in the first 15 minutes. Which is fine, sometimes, but other times he will say or do something that turns me off. If I feel like a guy is cheating on his wife, for example, that is a huge turn-off for me." She said that last part casually, but I sensed it was also a question.

It also sounded like she would consider quickie sex. Even though I can't always talk straight, I sometimes listen pretty well. I held up my left hand. "No wedding ring for eight years, and not even any girlfriend for three, I promise."

She leaned in, and looked me right in the eyes. She really was very attractive. She was obviously still evaluating me, and spoke in kind of a detached way, rather than conversational. "You seem like a nice guy, you are above average in looks. Why no girlfriend?"

"Maybe I have been on the wrong dating sites." I suggested. 

It was the first thing I had said that made her pause. Maybe she took it as an insult, but I really had not meant it that way. I was just trying to be witty. Before she had a chance to answer, the waiter came. We both ordered some sort of gourmet sandwiches, and the waiter seemed pleased that we had made up our minds so quickly.

When he left, she seemed a lot more friendly. It seemed as if I had passed some sort of test. "Yeah," she agreed. "You actually kind of are on the wrong website. I think it is sweet that you are looking for a relationship, and that you take girls out to nice restaurants, but most of the girls on our site are just looking for sex."

"I like sex as much as the next guy." I said. I made a point to look her right in the eyes as I picked my next words carefully, (for once). "But I am also looking for romance. And I think romance is what you make of it. For a first date, it might be as simple as treating someone like a person instead of a hookup."

She held my stare, and seemed to be thinking carefully about what I was saying, but she didn't reply. So I continued: "I could have suggested another cheap restaurant, but there is something really sexy to me about taking someone out to a nice restaurant, eating some great food, and then talking to them."

"For someone like you," I added, almost as an afterthought, "I will even listen."

The food arrived, and the conversation got more friendly as it went. She ordered a bottle of Altamura Cabernet Sauvignon, but refused to allow me to pay for it. The wine was excellent, and even though I had never heard of it, the price apparently exceeded the price of the meal. 

While we drank the wine, the conversation got a little more daring. She told me her real name, and that she was a oral surgeon who was just here for a conference meeting. She said that she enjoyed hooking up with guys on the road, because if she did it in her small town, then the gossip would eventually kill her business.

I enjoyed the conversation, even though, as mentioned, I don't have that particular skill. We talked a little longer than I expected, but it was friendly and sexy. We laughed and had fun. 

After we nearly finished the bottle, she looked deep in my eyes again and started talking about what she enjoyed during sex. "I really like anal sex," she said, watching to to judge my reaction. "I like the feel of a guy's dick buried deep in my ass."

I smiled, but I was wondering if I had any condoms in my car. 

"So now are you horny?" she whispered.

"Good God yes." I answered.

"Let's go." She said.

I had already paid the check, so we both got up at the same time, and headed for the elevator. "I don't have any condoms with me." I admitted. 

She just laughed. "I might have one or two laying around."

When we got to her room, it was a massive room designed around a terrace balcony that looked out over the same garden we had seen at dinner. Way over. The room was high enough that we could see about half of downtown, and the city was cooling off in a nice breeze that had picked up just after sunset.

It was already mid September, but the city was still warm, and her room was still warm from a balcony door that she had left open. 

Once inside the door, she turned the lights out, turned toward me, and gave me a deep passionate kiss. She clearly seemed to be enjoying the whole "romance" thing, and was in no particular hurry to break the kiss. 

I was as horny as I had been in a long time. I tried to take my time, but by the end of the kiss, I had stopped pretending, and was already helping her take off her clothes. 

She worked her arms between us, and unbuckled my belt, and unzipped my slacks, all while slowly working her way out of her own clothes. Under her dress she wore some sexy lace panties and a matching bra, and she put on kind of a show as she took them off. 

Her breasts were maybe a large C or a small D-cup, and had almost no sag at all. Because of the shape and the lack of sag, I assumed that she had implants, but as I started rubbing my hands over them, her breasts felt completely natural. I was about to start sucking on her nipples, still standing near the door, but she pulled away from me slightly.

I wasn't sure what she was going to do, so I stood and admired her naked body. She really did have a great shape. Either she had been exercising daily for a long time, or she had a plastic surgeon who was an absolute artist. 

As I was staring, she reached into the closet and put the hotel's terrycloth robe over her body, leaving the front open only enough that I could see her beautiful cleavage, and a slight hint of her shaven pussy. She then reached into the closet, and retrieved another robe and handed it to me.

"Put this on." She said simply.

I was pretty sure I knew what she was up to, so in no time at all, I had removed the rest of my clothes, and had on only the robe. I tried to hide my erection in the folded fabric, but it stood out what looked like about a foot. She looked at it and smiled, and said: "Now Follow me."

As she walked out on the balcony, I got another view of her body outlined by the lights of the city. There were no lights on in the room, but plenty of light was leaking in from outside. Even though the balcony was huge, we were wearing white terrycloth, and must have been visible from below. 

The balcony had some secluded spots, but she walked right to the edge, and leaned slightly over, as if admiring the view. 

I took the hint, and walked up behind her, and pressed my dick against her ass through the relatively thick fabric of her robe. When I put my hands on her shoulders and started giving her a back rub, I could hear her moan, and feel her start to respond. She carefully hiked up her robe until my dick was sitting in the crack of her ass, and started rubbing herself up and down on my cock very slowly.

The feeling was amazing, and so I worked my back rub forward, parted the front of her robe, and started massaging her boobs with both hands. In addition to letting the front of her robe fall open, she had also spread her legs slightly to brace herself for what she knew was coming. At this point, the robe was covering so little of her that she may as well have been completely naked, but for some reason it turned me on even more to feel her underneath the robe than it would have been to see her simply spread eagle on the balcony.

"The condoms are in my pocket," she whispered. And when I reached down into the pocket of her robe, sure enough, I found three condoms. After unwrapping one, I pulled back for a few seconds so I could put it on. When I pulled back, she leaned over further, and arched her back, to give me a clear hint, and an excellent view, of what she wanted.

When I had the condom on, I eased forward carefully, and reached around to feel her pussy. She was already massaging her pussy with her fingers, and she made no attempt to move them. Since she had basically given me the the OK earlier, I placed my dick at the entrance to her ass, and started rubbing it up and down with just the slightest bit of pressure. I was not sure if she was really serious about going straight to anal sex, and the last thing I wanted to do was to hurt her or ruin the encounter.

When she felt my dick against her asshole, she pushed backward, but didn't actually impale herself, because it was too tight. It reassured me that it was what she wanted, though, so I bent my legs again and carefully guided the head of my dick into her tight asshole, lubricated only by the jelly on the condom. 

My dick is a little longer than average, but I have been told that it is only about average thickness. Still, she gasped when I entered her, even though I had only inserted the tip of my dick. Because I was taller than her, I had to spread my legs to get an angle to allow for any more. By then, she had pushed back from the railing, and was leaning over almost touching the ground, with only one hand on the railing to steady herself. As I worked my dick further and further into her ass, she bent further and further, ending up in a "grab your socks" pose that left nothing to the imagination.

At first, our movements were so slow that it would have been easily confused with cuddling, if you were just watching from the street level. But by the time I started thrusting harder and faster, anyone in the city who looked up would have been able to tell that my dick was buried in her ass. 

When I grabbed her hips with my hands and increased the pace, I felt her start coming almost immediately. The spasms were pretty obvious, and she seemed to be holding in a lot of moaning so as not to attract attention. She stopped for a few seconds though, stood about halfway up, and started coming again. I wasn't sure if it was a second orgasm, or a continuation, or if one of them had been fake. I really had no way to read her at all, but I am guessing that she was sending me a signal that she was ready for me to come, and if so, it was certainly having the desired effect.

I could tell myself getting closer, and so when she seemed to wear down, I started thrusting slower but deeper. Her ass was almost too tight for me to orgasm in, but I could tell that I was about to have a pretty good orgasm anyway. Right when I was about to explode, she pulled herself completely off of me, and turned around and knelt down.

With a couple of quick moves, she took my condom off, and then took my dick in her mouth. The decrease in pressure, and the sudden feeling of her tongue set me off, and instantly I was dumping a huge load into her mouth. 

My dick pumped for a long time, and rather than try to swallow it, she simply let the cum run down her face and into the soft terrycloth robe. Although some also ran down onto her breasts, she wiped it off with the terrycloth just the same. She had been massaging her own pussy the entire time, and could have been about ready to come (either again or for the first time), but I had clearly beat her to it.

When I finally stopped pumping my load all over her, she stood up and simply removed the robe and left it on the balcony right where she stood. She was completely naked in the cool September air, and I watched as her nipples instantly got hard in the breeze. 

"Sit down" she said, pointing at a wooden lounge chair just behind me. My dick was still about half hard from the massive orgasm, and when I sat down, she quickly mounted me, and worked my slightly soft dick into her pussy without even bothering to put a condom on it.

Even though it was incredibly sexy to watch her naked body in the half-light of the city, there was no way I was going to get completely hard again for at least a half hour. My dick was still hard enough for her to grind back and forth, but it was only about half the size it had been earlier, and couldn't have been enough for her to get off on. 

Instead of giving up, she moved faster and faster, and seemed genuinely about to have another orgasm. I did my best to keep my dick hard, but I knew it was a losing battle, as I could feel my dick slowly relaxing. 

Before my dick popped out, though, Zoey inserted her fingers next to my dick and suddenly started having another orgasm. To get the pressure she wanted, she had been grinding against my pubic bone and also using one hand and then the other. When her orgasm started, I could also feel a warm drizzle of her juices running down my crotch. It took a few seconds for me to realize that she was pissing on me and coming at the same time. 

Her orgasm lasted a long time, and so did the steady stream of piss. I had never played this particular game before, but it was clear that she had planned carefully. The robe I was wearing caught most of the liquid, and any that got past would have been picked up by her discarded robe afterward. Even if not, the tile floor of the balcony had a distinct shape that directed any extra liquid to the drain, rather than over the edge. It was about the easiest place in history to clean up after pissing on someone.

After she finished, she collapsed in my arms, and whispered: "Thanks, I love to do that, but I didn't want to spoil the fun by warning you."

I just laughed, because about that time, my dick finally relaxed to the point where it popped out of her anyway. 

I discarded my robe next to hers, and she walked into the room, plopped down on the bed still completely naked and invited me to join her. In the light, I could easily make out the outline of her stunning body, and I curled up in bed with her and went to sleep in a "spooning" position, with her amazing ass pressed back against me almost all night.

In the morning when I woke up, she was standing at the coffee machine, still completely naked, making coffee. It was only about 6 am, but the sun was already starting to light up the room a bit. She smiled at me, and I took a moment to enjoy the sight. Her body definitely suggested a much younger woman, with a flat stomach, narrow hips, and firm breasts. Her skin was smooth and tan, and the only sign that she was anywhere near my age was the "laugh lines" around her eyes.
