 The drive had taken her two and a half hours. She corrected herself as she looked at the clock on her car radio. Two hours, twenty-seven minutes and some-odd seconds to get here, she thought. She sat, trying to decide if she'd knock on the door or turn around and drive back the way she'd come. Rain sluiced in little rivers down the windshield. She turned the wipers off and let the water rush down the cool glass until the world outside disappeared. Humming along with the radio, she grasped the key in her hand and finally, with a twist of her wrist, turned the car off. The radio played on. It would, she knew, until she opened her door, that final step she'd yet to take. 

With a sigh she relaxed against the seat. She couldn't explain why butterflies crowded her stomach. They'd been talking for months. Months of laughing and joking on the phone. Months of seductive sighs and soft moans. But now...Now that she was here, now that he was finally here, she wasn't sure what to think. Wasn't entirely sure what he'd think of her. Oh, he'd seen pictures of her; several, as a matter of fact. But somewhere along the way, it had become more than a flirtation. Because now, she thought shakily, now...Her heart was at stake. 

She ran a hand over her chest. Her heart was galloping madly. Not surprising, she thought wryly, considering that all she'd thought about on the drive was how good it would feel to finally have his hands and his mouth on her. It was hard not to, after everything he'd said to her. 

Baby, you've never had my hands on you. Or my mouth. I'm going to do things to you no one's ever done before. Can't you imagine how good my tongue's going to feel running from your ass all the way up to your clit? Can't you feel my fingers pinching your nipples while I eat your pussy? Or maybe you can feel my fingers sliding deep so you have something to ride while I lick you until you cum.

She moaned softly, remembering.

Rub that pussy for me, baby. I want to hear you cum. 

She'd done what he'd told her. She'd wished that her hands were his, especially when she'd slid two fingers deep in her pussy. She'd climaxed violently around them, moaning his name. All the while, she could hear his voice telling her every little thing that he was going to do to her. And finally, finally...She'd heard him growl as he came. And she'd been just as wet then as she was now. But she wanted to do more than hear him from thousands of miles away. She wanted to feel him moving in her; hear him tell her how good fucking her felt. She wanted to cum on his tongue, then his fingers, and finally, with his cock buried in her. Today she would, she decided.

She threw open the car door violently, as if daring fate to intervene. She grabbed her keys and threw them in her purse, making a mad dash for the door. Number twelve, he'd said. She stared at the door, then hesitantly raised a hand and knocked on it firmly. She heard his footsteps from within, and, seconds later, the door opened. 

Her first thought was that he hadn't lied. He had gorgeous eyes. Bedroom eyes, he'd said. She wasn't sure who had told him that, but they'd hit the nail on the head. And those same eyes were smoldering as he looked her over. She stood still, mesmerized by his gaze. He took one of her hands and dragged her into the room and up against his chest. He hadn't lied about that either. Broad-shouldered and deep-chested, he was the sort of man who made women like her weak at the knees. 

She wrapped her arms around his neck, returning the embrace. She felt his face burrow in the side of her neck and she laughed, remembering his vow to smell her perfume. She unclasped her hands from behind his neck and took a step back, looking him over as he had her. Her gaze slid from his toes to his eyes, drinking in every little detail. He was everything she'd imagined and more. "It's good to finally meet you," she said, smiling at him. 

He grinned back at her, his dimples flashing in his cheeks. "You're every bit as beautiful as I told you you were," he said softly, his voice gravelly and low. Sexy, just like the rest of him. He was every bit as smooth as he had been on the phone, too, although there was a sincerity about him that was more uncommon than not. 

She blushed, something she would have sworn she was incapable of doing. "Thank you," she said, crossing her arms self-consciously beneath her breasts. His gaze flew to the plump mounds showing above the neckline of her dress and she flushed a deeper pink. She made herself relax. It was stupid to be nervous around him, she scolded herself. She'd been talking to him for the last five months, for God's sake. But five months of talking hadn't prepared her for him. Neither had spending two hours getting ready this morning, or wearing her sexiest underwear beneath the dress, because, despite all of those measures, she still felt slightly insecure. 

She shook herself mentally. She was a pretty girl. No, not a girl, she corrected herself. She was woman. All woman. He'd said he liked curves, which was just as well, because she had plenty of them. She was far from a stick figure. She was a self-proclaimed Amazon: Tall, curvy, and (in her mind) a bit on the chubby side. But she was also extremely attractive. This she knew. And she also knew how to play up her best assets. She had an exotic flair about her that screamed sex appeal, or so she'd been told. Her legs were long and well-shaped, and her chest was...Impressive. Knowing this, she threw her shoulders back and sat on the edge of the bed, setting her purse on the ground as she crossed one leg over the other. 

He sat down beside her, sliding his arm around her. She leaned against him, placing one hand on his chest. They sat like that for awhile, not saying a word. She breathed him in, recognizing the smell of Old Spice. She grinned, surprised that he'd remembered. She rested her head in the crook of his neck. He stilled, his breath freezing in his chest. She opened her mouth against his skin, sliding her lips upward along his neck and then nibbled on his ear lobe, because she had a memory as functional as his. His breath whooshed from his chest and she found herself flat on her back with him leaning over her. "Careful, baby. You know what that does to me," he warned her. 

She slid her hands up his chest as his mouth settled on the side of her neck. He sucked on it gently and she gasped, goosebumps rushing over her flesh. She felt her nipples harden and her pussy dampen at the feel of his lips against her skin. "The same thing that that does to me," she said sassily. Her legs moved restlessly against the comforter as his hands moved over her, exploring her body. Her heels fell to the floor as she wrapped her legs around his back. He growled low in his throat and she felt a rush of feminine satisfaction. His erection slid into the vee of her thighs and she arched her hips, her pussy rubbing against him. He slid his hands under her dress, grabbing her ass and pulling her harder against his cock. He worked the dress over her head and threw it to the floor. He pulled back and looked at her, just looked at her, until she reached for him. He grabbed her wrists in one hand and held them above her head as he worked her panties off with the other. She whimpered as his knuckles brushed against her mound. 

Finally she lay naked under him. He stood and stripped with an economy of motion that was somehow more seductive than a slow striptease. He slid down her body, taking one nipple into his mouth, then the other. He suckled them both until they were cherry red. She groaned in frustration, wanting to feel him deep inside her. "I need you in me," she whispered, looking down at him. His eyes darkened with lust, but he shook his head. "Why?" she asked.

"I haven't even started on you yet," he told her roughly. With that, he moved between her thighs, forcing them open with his hands. Seconds later, his head was buried between her legs and he was looking at her intimately. Her fingers slid down to run through his hair. His tongue flickered like fire across her clit and her hips arched of their own accord. "Fuck," she whispered. He groaned into her pussy, sliding his flat tongue from her clit down to her ass over and over again until she was dripping wet. His fingers slid deep into her and she rode them fiercely, clinging to the edge of sanity. Then his tongue slid down to her ass and forced its way in and she fell off the precipice, her hands clenching in his hair as her hips thrust wildly against his fingers. 

He loomed over her. "Now," she said, "I need you in me now." She slid her hands into his, intertwining their fingers. He brushed a kiss over her lips. She deepened it, drawing his lower lip into her mouth and sucking on it gently. Her tongue slid against his and he growled low in his throat. His mouth slid over her neck again and she moaned softly. She never should have told him about that spot. He was driving her crazy. She leaned up and bit his ear lobe gently. Two could play that game. His hips thrust against her, his cock wedging in the wet slit of her pussy. "Yes....." she gasped as the head slid against her clit. She arched her hips, trying to impale herself on his hardness.

"Not yet, baby," he told her hoarsely. She groaned, more sexually frustrated than she'd ever been. He slid down her body once more and her thighs fell open. "You taste so fucking good," he said, burying his head between her legs once again, his tongue flickering over her clit and then driving into her pussy. His fingers teased her pussy, sliding in then out, spreading her wetness down to her ass. His finger, wet with her pussy juice, swirled around the tight pucker before sliding oh-so-slowly in. The forbidden pressure was incredibly arousing. She could feel the fingers in her pussy rubbing against the one buried in her ass. Heat spread throughout her body, her nipples peaking hard. His tongue drove her to the edge again and over, teasing her clit until she felt as if she were splintering into a million pieces. 

He looked up at her and grinned, running a hand over her trembling thigh. "I think you need a cool-down," he said with a smile. He stood, walked to the ice bucket, and came back with two ice cubes. He took one in each hand and ran them over her. She shivered and giggled as her nipples peaked. He slid the ice cubes over them and then down her stomach, smiling as she squirmed. "Open your legs, sweetheart," he said softly. She did as he asked. She gasped loudly as he slid the ice cubes deep into her core. She could feel them melting inside her hot pussy. The sensation was incredible, just as he'd told her it would be. 

His head dipped between her thighs as he spread her with his fingers. "Hold yourself open for me," he demanded. She slid her hands down to do as he asked, spreading her labia wide. He growled low in his throat. "You have no idea how fucking hot that is," he muttered. His tongue slid into her, lapping at the water from the melting ice. Her hips ground her pussy against his tongue, trying to drive it further inside her. He gave her pussy one last swipe with his tongue then climbed atop her. His fingers slid between her legs, stroking her gently. "You're so wet, baby. Think you're ready for me?" he asked her teasingly. 

"Fuck me," she replied. "Now!" 

With a groan he slid into her, inch by inch, until his balls were resting against her ass. She wrapped her legs around his back, holding him deep in her, her pussy milking his cock. He was huge inside her, bigger than anyone she'd ever been with. She could feel her pussy stretching to accommodate him. She looked down at where their bodies joined. Her pussy was wrapped tightly around his shaft. Moments later he began driving his cock in and out of her wet core and she moaned, feeling him throbbing in her. His cock was wet with her pussy juice. It gleamed as he moved in and out of her tight warmth. She felt her muscles clenching around his hard flesh. "You're going to make me cum," she gasped. He groaned and started fucking her harder and faster. His eyes bore into hers as he slid a hand down to her clit. He started rubbing it with his thumb in a circular motion as he thrust into her. Then suddenly his thumb was buried in her ass, the pressure increasing the already intense pleasure radiating from her lower body. It was more intimate, more erotic than anything she'd ever experienced. "Fuck!" she screamed as she came around his cock; lost in a maelstrom of sensation. 

He went wild, slamming into her. His hands slid down her body and grabbed her hips as he tried to drive himself further inside her. His balls bounced off of her ass with each thrust. He fucked her harder, until they were moving up the bed. His hands moved to her ass and he pulled her against him roughly. With a low roar he drove himself into her one last time, holding her against him so tightly she could've sworn they were one. She felt his cock throbbing in her, his seed filling her pussy. The sensation sent her over the edge again and she whimpered, arching her back as he filled her with his cum. 

He collapsed against her as she smoothed her hands over his back, drawing lazy circles. Her legs stayed wrapped around him until he moved off of her. He pulled her back against his chest and wrapped his arms around her, cocooning her in his warmth. With a sigh she relaxed, letting him comfort her. She had almost dozed off to sleep when she felt a small kiss on the back of her neck. She felt him smile against her skin when she wriggled in response. "I love you," he said. "I wanted to tell you before, but I knew you wouldn't want me to." 

"I love you, too," she replied softly, and they stayed there, falling asleep in each other's arms as they listened to the storm raging outside.