 Megan and I had been sleeping together for some time. She was the kind of girl who didn't mind a late night text message or phone call to come over and "watch a movie" which meant sex no matter how one tried to mask it. For only being eighteen years old, just out of high school, she was a pro. She knew exactly what she wanted and would make it known without hesitation. Our first encounter was one hot June day when she invited all the guys over to her parent's house for an afternoon pool party. We were all a few years older, and had a house on the other side of town that would throw wild parties all the time. Megan and her friends, most of whom would sleep with my roommates on a regular basis, would always be at the parties, and she figured it would be nice to invite us to her place for once. 

She was always the least forward out of her group of friends, the only who hadn't slept with anyone of our crew yet. That day at the pool was the first time I noticed just how hot she was. She wore a light blue bikini top with matching booty shorts. She was about 5'6", no more than 110 pounds, tight ass, beautiful 36c breasts, natural light brown hair with small bleach blonde highlights...she was hot. Her eyes screamed fuck me, but she was reserved and quiet. Most of her friends had a less attractive build, and would be all over the first and willing guy they saw. Hence was the case this afternoon. Within 30 minutes of being there, Laura took my roommate Graham into the house, only to return about 45 minutes later with smirks on their face. Typical stuff for us. I made a joke to Megan about how quickly that came to be, and we started some small talk from there. Figures I was the only there without sunglasses on and it took everything in me to not let my eyes roam all over her body as we sat there sipping drinks and making conversation.

Later that night, after hours of failed attempts of trying to convince Megan to have the party at her house, everyone ended up back at our place...except Megan. As the night went on I wondered if she had someone else to sleep with regularly or if she just wasn't interested in any of us. Then around midnight I got a text message from her asking if I could come pick her up and bring her to our place. I rushed downstairs, hopped in the car, and raced over there. When I arrived, I went to the door, knocked, and there was no answer. After a few more knocks she opened, apologizing for keeping me waiting. To my surprise she was still in her bathing suit, not necessarily the best clothes for a party across town, with no swimming pool for miles. Just as I was about to ask her if she needed to change, she invited me and had me sit on the couch. 

"Just a sec, ok? I fell asleep after the pool party and have to change real quick." she stated.

"No problem, I'm in no rush."

"Make yourself at home, theres drinks in the fridge, I'll be quick".

She ran upstairs and into her bedroom. I just sat there on the couch, waiting patiently, hoping to get back to the party soon.

"Mike, can you pour me a drink? There's vodka and cranberry juice in the fridge"

"Yea for sure, a big one? Haha" I replied

"Might as well, I'm sure everyone is already pretty wasted over there at this hour"

I poured her a strong, but not ridiculous drink and she came downstairs. She didn't exactly change much, just put a very tight fitting button shirt over her bikini and what I imagined was a small skirt over her bottoms. She took a sip of the drink.

"Don't you want one?" She asked.

"No thanks, probably shouldn't if I gotta drive back to my place".

"Oh yea, good call"

We stood there awkwardly for a few minutes while she sipped her drink and made more small talk similar to earlier that day.

"Oh I forgot to tell you!" She excalimed. "So after you guys all left, I came in and to my surprise found a used condom ontop of my washing machine!!" She pointed over to the laundry room. "Ughh I can't believe Laura fucks Graham all the time, he's such a pig"

Being the most words I'd heard out of her all day, I could tell the vodka was taking effect.

"Yea, he's a wild one. Girls like him tho for some reason, you got me beat." I responded trying not to shit talk my friend but state some honest facts.

"Some girls, not all Mike. What about you, I have only ever heard of you sleeping with Cassie, she won't stop talking about it"

I could tell I was blushing, this past winter I, in a very drunken state, got myself into a little scandal with Cassie, one of Megan's friends. Everyone always warned eachother of her, but I was sure to fall victem to the virign-loves-her-first game.

"Ummm yea, she's a very nice girl but...ughhh"

"You don't have to say anything. I thought I loved my first, then I had better, and better, and better, its just something a lot of girls do. She'll get over it, hopefully, haha."

Her joke kinda eased the moment.

"So you are in love with you best?...haha" I said trying to catch her in her own words. I was known for being witty and kind of a dick sometimes. In a funny way tho.

"NO" She stated firmly. "I don't fall in love, well at least not with guys I just sleep with, sex is fun, love is different."

I had a hard time imagining those words coming from an 18-year old's mouth.

"Well put, cheers to that" I picked her drink up off the counter and took a sip.

As I tried to hand it to her she pushed it aside and stepped closer, and without a second's hesitation she leaned in and kissed me. Not knowing what to do really, I mean it honestly caught me off guard, I just stood there and took it.

"Well, now that that's outta the way..." she said as she smoothly swept in for another. This time I returned pushing my tounged into her mouth which she eagerly responded to with hers. We stood there kissing in the kitchen for a few minutes, my hands starting rub her back, but careful to not explore too much.

"How about we say forget the party and let's go upstairs" she suggested.

I was shocked at how forward she was. She was always the shy one, but aren't they always. We walked up stairs and fell onto her bed, kissing more. I started to undo her shirt and she pulled mine over my head. I was on my back and she was straddling me. She reached behind her and undid the bikini top. Her breasts fell out and she took my hand and put it on one. They were perfect, small, sensative nipples, firm breasts, just perfect. She leaned down and kissed me again. My hands were exploring my new favorite place when I felt her undoing my jeans. 

"Straight to the point, huh?" I joked.

"You don't know how long I've been waiting for this" she replied.

She pulled my jeans and my boxers off in one pull...she was definitly experienced. My dick was already hard, and as she pulled my pants off each leg she slid her hands back up to it. She gently rubbed its length, about 7 inches, up and down, focusing a little extra on the head each time.

"Do you have a condom?" She asked.

"Maybe in my car, not on me tho" I hesitantly responded.

I was sure that was the end of things, but she just licked my dick from the base to the head then took it into her mouth. She was slowly sucking it the legth over, moaning slightly, wrapping her tounge around the head each time she was at the top. After about two minutes straight she pulled her mouth away, letting out a big breath.

"Mmmmmmmmm should I keep going?" She deviously asked.

"Ummm yeaa..." I responded, my mind still in a slight daze from the amazing head I just got.

With that she burried it back into her mouth, sucking faster and harder this time. She started to suck just the tip while her right hand jerked the shaft. It was some of the best head of my life.

"Ahhhhhh...thats really good" I moaned.

She kept a steady pace when suddenly I could feel I was going to cum.

"Megan I'm gonna cum, ahhhhh goddd yea. I'm gonna cum if you keep that up"

And withouth pause she kept going. I could feel my balls start to swell and I grabbed onto her head and thrusted my hips shooting a huge load into her mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhhh goddd..ahhhhhh"

She kept her mouth on my cock sucking slowing as the last few drops came out. She pulled away and a string of cum went from her lip to the head of my dick. She quickly licked that up and smiled. She had swallowed to whole load. An impressive feat. 

"Damn that was good" I whispered as I lay there a little dazed.

"Mmmm yea I liked it too" She said as she cuddled up to me.

I soon moved my hand over her tits and started to squeeze them gently. She moaned quietly everytime I touched her nipples and that was my cue to kiss my way down to them. I kissed her breasts all over and when I got to her nipples I gently flicked them with my tounge as if it were her clit. She loved it.

"Mmmmmmm yeaaaa" she moaned.

My hand was sliding up and down her thigh, and eventually up into her skirt. To my surprise she wasn't wearing any panties..I knew at that point this whole thing was planned out. My finger slid across her pussy a few times before sliding the length of her slit. She was already dripping wet, I could hear how hot she was. I slowly pushed a finger inside her and quickly took it out. She let out a little cry of pleasure and I did it again.

"OOooohhhhhh, I want you so bad" she moaned quietly.

I started to undo her skirt but she beat me to it and did it herself. As she slid it down to her ankles I slid my way down in between her legs and licked her pussy from the bottom all the way up to her clit in one long, slow, lick. She went nuts...

"Ohhhhhh yeaaaa.." She screamed as she put her hands on the back of my head to ensure it stayed there. "Lick my clit Mike..ohhhhhh goddd yea"

I obeyed and with one more long slow lick I made it to her clit and started to gently and slowly rub small circles around it. She started to thurst her hips up and down and her hands were squeezing my head. I kept my position and slowly made my tounge go faster and faster.

"OOOOOoooooohohhhhhhhh yeaaaaa mmmmmmmm yeaaaa I'm gonna cum, don't stop"

I was surprised at how quickly she was going to cum and I got even more excited and started flicking her clit with my tounge. Seconds later she let out a giant scream and her legs squeezed around my head. 

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh oooohhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" She screamed.

She came for close to thirty seconds and when she was done my face was covered in her wetness.

I kissed my way back up her body and layed next to her for a second. Her head must have been speeding a million miles an hour because she was almost delirious. She finally spoke,

"That was amazing, I want you in me so bad"

"But what about a condom"

"Well you already came once right? Just pull out way before and I'll suck you off again"

"I dunno, that seems a little sketchy" I nervously stated.

"Its up to you, I just finised my period today, its perfect timing" She said.

That was always a risky game but in my young horomone induced frenzy I agreed and started to kiss her. She pushed me onto my back and stradled over me. Hovering her pussy about my cock she slid it along her wetness a few times before slowly pushing it into her very warm, wet hole.

"Ohhhhhhhhh yeaaa" She let out as she slowly started to slide up and down on my dick.

After a bit she started to really work it. She had her hands on my chest and was bouncing up and down on my dick over and over. She was moaning so loud that I was convinced the people next door could hear but I didn't care at that point. 

"Ahhhhhhhhh yeaa..fuck me Mike. Fuck me mmmmmmmmmm" She screamed and she rode my cock. Her tits were bouncing the slightest bit and my hands on her ass were squeezing hard. I sat up and started to suck on her tits as her moans got louder and louder. 

"MMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmm yeaaaa...oh yea oh yea oh yea"

She was cumming again and dropped to the bed almost lifeless. I slid out of her and started to kiss her neck, this was the best sex of my life, I couldn't believe it. She reached down and started stroking my dick, still wet from her pussy. She laid on her back and motioned for me get on top. I was a little confused as to what she wanted but she spit on her hand rubbed in in between her tits and I knew exactly what to expect. I put my cock in her hand she guided it to her tits and started to stroke it. She squeezed her tits together creating a smooth passage and I started to fuck it. It didn't take long for me to get off. 

"Ahhhh I'm gonna cum again" 

"Just keep going" she said in between slight moans.

I started to cum again and stopped humping her, but she kept stroking my cock. I came all over her tits and some on her neck and face and pillow. It was so hot.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh godddddd" I moaned as I shot my final load.

She just lay there for a second covered in cum, smiling and moaning slightly. I fell to the bed from exhaustion and just layed there for a bit. She got up, cleaned herself off and started to cuddle next to me. Well fell in and out of sleep for a bit and talk on and off. 

"So I was thinking...." she said mischeviously

"What?..." I said half laughing.

"Nothing, I'll let you know..haha"

I should've guessed where she was going with that....