 Previously, Megan discovered a French Maid outfit when she was unpacking some of her boyfriend's boxes after just moving in together two weeks ago. She wears the outfit and cleans the living room and changes back before her boyfriend returns home from work. Now the story continues on...

Friday has finally come and that means Mitch finishes work early today and the weekend will be here soon. I managed to get through yesterday without been tempted to open the box with the little French Maid outfit I found on Wednesday. I really enjoyed wearing it but trying not to make it obvious to Mitch about what I did on that day. A little secret that I must try to keep to myself, I now know what is install for me if Mitch reveals the outfit sometime in the future and asks me to wear it for him. I was okay with the idea and wondered if I should surprise him first, he must be planning to show it to me so I think I might help him out.

I've spent today just sitting back and taking it easy and now I feel a little naughty for some teasing. After been sighted by some guy through the window the other day made me wonder how hard I made him, the fact he saw a girl dress in French Maid outfit and she flashed her bum as she tried to escape his view got me all horny.

It was 11:30 and I haven't change into my day clothes, all I had on was a white short-sleeved top with no bra on and red panties. I moved my hand down and sunk a finger deep into my warm wet pussy. I arched my back as I was moaning loudly while I was playing with myself. I grabbed one of my breasts with the other hand and started pinching the nipple. Letting out a long moan I came right there on the chair.

"I haven't felt this horny before, what's coming over me, this Maid outfit is driving me wild." I confirmed with myself while getting my breath back.

"Mitch isn't due home for another half an hour that should give me enough time to dress-up."

I jumped out of my seat and entered the spare room to collect the box and took it into the bedroom. Laying out the outfit across the bed I removed my clothes then started to put on the Maid outfit. Same as before I slipped on my black G-string followed by the black hold-up stockings, the Maid's dress and apron came next. Slipping my black shining 4' heels on I adjusted the dress and headpiece I studied myself in the mirror and admired the outfit.

"Very nice, my Master will be home soon." I said still adjusting the outfit and just in that moment I heard a car pull up in our driveway so I moved to the window and carefully check to see that Mitch just arrived home. A feeling of excitement swept over me as I moved quietly so my heels wouldn't make a sound as stood at the door waiting for my Master to enter. It seemed like he was taking forever to open the door but when he entered I gave him the biggest surprise in his life.

"Good afternoon Master, how was your day?" I spoken to him in the most sweetest voice as I could.

"Megan what are doing...?" he replied back.

"I'm sorry Master your partner is out at the moment, are you ok Master?"

"Why are you dress-up as a Maid?" he asked.

"I'm the Maid you hired and this is the uniform I was required to wear Master." It seemed that Mitch understood what I was doing.

"I see then, well lets see what chores you have done today." He instructed and walked into the living room.

"Have you cleaned the living room today?" he demanded.

"No I haven't Master." I replied giving him an innocent look.

"Well then you must be punished now."

"No, I'm really sorry Master, I'll start cleaning right away." I pleased.

"Ok then I'll let you out of this one."

"Thank you Master, I'll remember next time Master." I apologized as I got the duster and vacuum out to start cleaning.

Mitch sat on the chair and watched me as began to dust the shelves but I knew he was watching my ass as the short Maid's dress lifted the moment I bent over. I was getting really wet knowing that Mitch was watching my every move as I was bending over and stretching up straight at him, but he continued to sit here staring at me as I went about dusting and when I finished I set up the vacuum cleaner right in front giving him a great view up my dress.

"That will be all for cleaning this afternoon, pack up and return here." He instructed me.

"At once Master." I replied.

I quickly placed the vacuum cleaner back in the closet and hurried back to my Master for the next instructions.

"Very good, I require a drink, bring one to me."

"Yes Master" I replied and entered the kitchen. I return back a few minutes later with the drink.

"Here is your drink Master." I said as he grabbed the drink.

"I want you to tidy up the desk behind you as I have my drink." He pointed. The desk was about three meters for where he was sitting and was a great chance for a good perv.

"Yes Master." I replied turning around to tidy the desk.

Some books and paperwork was scattered across the desk as I tried to neaten the files, forgetting that my dress was revealing everything a book fell off the other side of the desk so I tried to reach to grab it in time but failed. I was now lying across the desk with one leg in the air and no doubt giving Mitch the best view he has ever seen in his life. I stood back up and felt a hand grabbing my ass cheek and the other on my breast. Mitch started licking the back of my neck and moved to nibble on my ear sending shivers straight down my body. I let out the loud moan as he moved his hands rubbing my whole body.

"I can't take it anymore, your so hot." He whispered in my ear while his hand now started rubbing my clit.

He spun me around and we started kissing wildly then I moved down to my knees and undid his pants to free his hard cock. It sprung out as I lowered his pants to the floor. He aimed his cock to my mouth and I opened wide to invite his manhood. I was swallowing his cock very quickly as Mitch was groaning with pleasure, I was down there for a little bit when he lifted me up and placed me on the desk. I raised my dress a little and move my G-string across for him to insert his hard cock into me.

I felt great pleasure as his cock went deep into me then he lifted my legs up causing me to lie back on the desk and continued on. I couldn't speak he had me under his control I could only respond back by moaning. Mitch was enjoying watching me in this Maid outfit and moaning as he was giving it to me, which got him ready to cum.

"I'm about cum, I'm going to cum!" Mitch announced.

"Me too, give it me I'm..." I let out the loud scream as I cum hard and Mitch right after me. We both stop and was breathing heavily, he pulled out of me and helped me up then he pushed me down to my knees with his hard cock still with both our cum on it.

"Now clean your Master's cock." He instructed. I hesitated for a while just looking back at him.

"Didn't you hear your Master?" he demanded. Giving in to his order I replied back.

"Yes Master." I started to clean the head then made my way down to his balls.

"Good girl, I think I'll get use to having a Maid around again." He said to me as I finished.

"We are going to have so much fun together." He continued.

"I can't wait." I replied back giving him a wink.

*

I hope you enjoyed reading this story and depending on the feedback I might write the next to part to the story. Please let me know what you thought.