 She really couldn't believe she was doing this. She shook her head as she swept past the tall doorman ushering her through the gleaming wood and glass doors. He tipped his hat and winked and she nodded, blushing but not quite able to make eye contact. She wondered if he knew. No, she thought, she was just letting her nerves get to her. 

Her eyes scanned the busy lobby and saw a sea of gray and white marble flooring, with gorgeous burgundy and gray plush area rugs placed strategically throughout the room. Dark gray leather loveseats with matching chairs were set out invitingly, creating cozy intimate places for guests to relax and talk or just take a moment to rest. She saw an empty chair to her right and headed over, careful to keep her coat closed tightly. She may be indoors, but the winter wind was still howling just outside the windows. 

She had her orders. Dress in tight mini-skirt, sexy top, thigh-highs and stilettos. Panties or thongs were "optional". Arrive, find a seat and wait for her name to be called. She glanced over at the long marbled check-in desk and was glad she was not waiting in that long line. Besides, then she might have to explain what she was doing here!

Hmm, she thought, what am I doing here? She smiled a little smile, shaking her head again, letting her long chestnut hair fall across her face. Her fingers reached up to slide her hair back into place when she noticed she had caught the eye of a very well-dressed businessman. He was looking at her legs, she realized and it sent a little thrill through her. Something overcame her- excitement?- and she pretended she hadn't noticed him, but kept him in the corner of her vision. 

He was handsome, she noted; jet black hair with a touch of gray at the temples, barely noticeable, but a little sexy, she thought. He was wearing a dark blue suit; obviously expensive, with a white shirt and a light blue silk tie. For a second she found herself wanting to tug on that knot.

Shocked at that, she raised her gaze to his and realized he had known all along that she had seen him. His dark eyes were electric as he walked over to the loveseat directly facing her, not pulling his eyes away for a second. As he got closer, she realized his eyes were a deep, dark blue. She wanted to reach out and feel the short, dark stubble on his cheeks, but resisted. He sat down and his eyes fell to her legs again. Heat rose in her face and she suddenly felt as she were on display for the entire lobby. She smiled again when she realized she couldn't decide which scared her more: that others might be watching or that she felt a sense of power and actually hoped more men were watching. 

Without even thinking, she felt herself guided by instinct. She wanted to see how this played out, so she leaned forward and slipped her coat off, folding it next to her. Uncrossing her legs, she pretended to resituate herself in the chair and tugged her tight black skirt up a couple of inches, showing the lacy edge of her thigh-highs. She crossed her legs again, knowing he watched her as she slowly slid her right hand from her knee to the hem of her skirt, sliding a finger under the edge and tracing the hem from the side of her leg to the front. She looked at him, letting her lashes cover her eyes and was pleased to see she had his attention. She wanted to see if she had anyone else's attention, but couldn't look away. The fact that he was breathing heavier aroused her like she had never felt before.

She uncrossed her legs very, very slowly, letting her thighs part so that her skirt tugged higher. The cold air sliced through, catching her off guard for a moment. Her nipples hardened and pressed against the flimsy fabric of her top. She was cursing herself for wearing a bra. Before she could even think, she spread her legs further, giving the sexy stranger a front row view of her now very wet, pink and swollen pussy. She heard him gasp and saw the bulge in his pants before he could cover it with the magazine he found left on the loveseat by another guest. She was so glad she hadn't work panties. 

Their gazes locked, she let her tongue slowly wet her lips, arching her back just a tiny bit so her admirer got a chance to see just how hot she was for him. Her hard little nipples pressed out against the teal fabric. 

He smiled at her, his chest rising rapidly. He was definitely enjoying her little show. She was too. She scanned the room and was not surprised to count at least two other men as her fans. She wet her lips again and watched as one of them just smiled and shook his head, as if disbelieving what he was seeing. The other man, a younger man, probably around 28 and wearing a hotel uniform, was leaning against a wall, closer to the desk, but apparently still able to enjoy her performance. He was watching her every move. She let her hand brush across her breast for just a second and watched as he seemed to forget where he was and let his hand rub up and down his bulging crotch. She gave him a smile and he jolted back to reality, realizing he was touching himself in the lobby! He left quickly and she wondered if he was going to go touch himself and imagine it was her. She liked that.

She brought her gaze back to her sexy stranger. He looked flushed and his eyes were darker, flashing with desire. He stood up, letting her see just how much he wanted her before gesturing with his head that she should follow him. She slid her legs back together and grabbed her coat before standing up.

As she followed him, she realized she had broken the rules; she had not waited for her name to be called, which meant she most likely wouldn't be allowed to participate in the opportunity that had originally brought her to this luxurious hotel. But her passion wouldn't allow her to not see this through. She would deal with the consequences later.

She followed this stranger as he strode to the elevator. She had the feeling that everyone waiting for an elevator knew what was happening, but she didn't care. She wanted to see what happened. Wanted to feel this man's hands on her, wanted to put on another little show for him. No, not just wanted, needed. For the first time in her life, she needed to be right where she was. No doubts. No worries. No fear. Just desire.

The elevator doors opened and he held the door open for her, waving her in before him. When someone else tried to enter, he blocked them: holding his hand up as if to say "stop" and spoke only one word. "No."

Others stepped back, allowing the elevator doors to close. He turned to her and ordered harshly, "Take your blouse off now, or I rip it from your body!" 

She didn't care that it was an order. She slipped the tight little top off over her head, letting him see her black lacy bra- a tiny little thing that barely covered her nipples. Her breasts were heaving as he reached his hands around her and pulled her to him roughly, devouring her mouth with his. His lips were hot, steely and demanding. His tongue took possession of hers, teasing her, letting her know there were more pleasures to come.

The elevator stopped and he tore his mouth from hers. She reached for her blouse, but he said "Later!" and pulled her into the hallway. She realized the hall was filled with what appeared to be about ten loud and very drunk college basketball players and she was walking past them in a bra that barely covered her large breasts and a skirt that barely covered her ass, it was pulled so high up. She tried to pull her coat up as a covering, but he wouldn't let her. She look at him and realized he wanted everyone to see her. 

"Damn, baby, you are fi-i-ine! How about you let me take those double d's for a spin?" 

She looked over to see a tall, young black man. He was smiling at her and she felt a rush of power fill her. She had never been with a black man, but had always fantasized about it. Her milky skin, her pink pussy being filled with a big, black, throbbing cock. She licked her lips and dropped her gaze to his crotch. He noticed and grabbed his cock through his pants. "You want this bitch?"

She smiled a little smile.

Her sexy stranger stopped and turned back to the crowd of guys who were now all trying to outdo each other.

"Mmmm, girl you want a ride you'll never forget?"

"Show us those big tits bouncing up and down!"

"C'mon baby, party with us!"

Her stranger pulled her in front of him, his arms around her, palms hovering above her breasts. She wondered what was about to happen and gasped when he put his hand out, silencing the men, and in one small twist, had torn her bra open, releasing her breasts for all to see, his hands cupping them, showing everyone just how big they were. 

Stunned, she gasped and the men cheered. 

"Now, gentleman," my sexy stranger, as I had begun referring to him, began to speak, "this little slut is mine! When and if I decide to share her, I will let you know. In the meantime, get a good look, because in a few minutes she is going to look very, very fucked!"

A roar filled the hall as he turned her around to face him and yanked up her skirt, revealing that she was not wearing even a thong. He whispered to her to lean forward and as she did, she knew the guys were able to see her wet pussy and she suddenly felt very vulnerable, and yet ached for more. 

He slid her skirt back down and led her to the end of the hall, leaving her ripped bra on the floor. She turned back in time to catch the young black man that had called her "fine" pick it up and rub his crotch for a moment. He stood and watched until she had entered a room and the door closed behind her.

Her sexy stranger flipped on the lights and she found herself in a very luxurious suite, with a large seating area, a fireplace, floor to ceiling windows with a balcony. She had no idea what floor she was on and didn't really care. She noticed a huge bed off at one end and another one in an adjoining room, with an open door. 

She felt his gaze on her and she realized how she must look. Naked from the waist up, tight mini skirt, thigh-highs and stilettos. She had never even work stilettos before, but it had been part of the rules, so she had purchased this pair just this afternoon. 

He cleared his throat and she brought her eyes to his. The intensity in his eyes made her nipples ache and she breathed in sharply. He watched her large, round and bouncy breasts rise and fall.

"Rules," he said. 

"Rules?"

"Yes, there must always be rules." 

She shook her head in agreement. 

"First names only. Mine is Wyatt."

"Megan," she offered.

"How old are you?"

"24."

He smiled. She could tell he liked her age.

"37."

He waved her over the couch and he sat down next to her, his arm resting on the back, centimeters away from her shoulders. His gaze kept drifting back to her breasts and every time he did that she felt a surge of lust rush through her.

"Second rule. Safe word. Do you have one?"

No, she had never used a safe word, but didn't want to tell him that. She thought for a moment, scanning the room and saw a vase of roses. 

"Flower." 

He nodded in agreement.

"What's yours?"

He smiled. "I don't need one. But if it will make you feel better, how about airplane?"

Sounded good to her. Then he laid down the rules.

"We do this and walk away. No commitments, no strings. I will pay for food and drinks for the room tonight. My last rule is this: no pictures or videos of me."

His breath was hot as he spoke. He seemed to be getting closer with each word. She felt the heat begin to spread between her legs again.

"Now, Megan," he whispered, "do you have any rules?"

She shook her head, unable to think.

"Have you ever done this before?" he asked.

"Do you mean am I virgin? No. I have been with other men."

He knew she was a little nervous and he inched closer, letting his hand rest on her shoulder, brushing her hair back with the other.

"I meant, have you ever picked up a stranger?"

"No. But something came over me when I saw you," she admitted, almost in a whisper. "It was a rush of intensity and I had no way to fight it." Her eyes fell to the bed, afraid to look at him for a moment. 

He smiled at her honesty and wondered how many men she had been with. He leaned over and took her right breast in his left hand, thumbing the nipple and feeling her inhale sharply as he rained small, hot, wet kisses on her neck. 

"How many?" he asked.

She was sinking into a swirl of sensations and wasn't sure what he was asking. His hand felt so incredible on her breast. 

"What?" She murmured.

"How many men have you been with?" He asked as his grip on her breast became rougher.

She answered slowly, lost in the heat of the moment. "Two."

He pulled back instantly and looked into her deep brown eyes. He was shocked. He was sure she was more experienced than that. Wasn't she?

His hand gripped her chin and made her look him in the eye. "Two? Two men?"

She wasn't sure what was going on. His tone had changed. He sounded upset. Why was he stopping? What was wrong? She just wanted him to start touching her again. But his questions brought her back to reality. 

"Yes, two. My high school boyfriend on Prom night and two more times with him before we left for different colleges." She paused, waiting for some sign of what he wanted, but he just stared at her, so she continued. 

"The other was a professor at my college. It was over a year ago and it happened five times. Why?"

He stood up. He wasn't sure what to do. He ran his hands through his hair in frustration. She was young, beautiful, hot, but inexperienced. What if she wasn't able to walk away, no strings? But then, again, this was a fantasy coming true... a young college age girl with an amazing body that had very little experience that wanted to be his personal little slut for the night.

He growled and gave in to the fantasy. It was just too good to give up. He reached down and scooped her up into his arms, carrying her over to the bed where he laid her down.

"Take off your skirt, Megan."

She slid to the end of the bed and wiggled the skirt down over her hips, letting it fall to the floor. She was almost completely naked in front of her sexy stranger, yet he stood watching her, drinking her in. His gaze slid past her full lips, down to her large, perfect tits and slowly, down her flat stomach, stopping at the tiny, trimmed patch of hair leading to her pussy. God, he was glad she wasn't completely clean shaven. He didn't like that. 

He was still wearing his suit. She stood up and started to walk towards him, but he came towards her catching her in mid-stride and gently pushed her back onto the bed.

"Touch yourself, baby." He ordered her. His voice sounded gruff. His eyes were dark- almost menacing, she thought. 

But rather than scare her, she felt her nipples harden and the rush of lust coursed through her body. She leaned back on the bed and slid back until her head hit the pillows. The bed was still made, so she was laying on top of an incredibly soft, emerald green velvety duvet. The feel of the plush fabric on her skin only made her more excited. 

She cupped her breasts with both hands and began caressing them, flicking the hard nipples, letting one hand then slide slowly down her flat stomach. She worked out a lot and she felt pride when she heard him gasp and pull his blazer off, flinging it to the floor. 

She pulled her hand back up as soon as she felt the small patch of hair at the junction of her legs. She wasn't ready to touch there yet. She was enjoying drawing it out. Instead, she let her fingers play with her nipples. When she pinched them both, she heard him groan and watched him run his hand along the zipper of his slacks. 

"Your tits are amazing, baby. What size are they?" He asked the question as he flipped a couple of lights off, leaving only the one on the night stand on. Just enough light to see her. He changed his mind and turned one of the other lights back on. He wanted to see everything she had to offer.

"36 DD," she answered. 

He reached over and pulled her up to a sitting position at the side of the bed. Her eyes were level with his belt and she instinctively reached for the belt. But Wyatt grabbed her wrists and ordered her to look at him. 

"Once you do this, there is no going back, baby. Do you understand? Do you understand that the second you touch my dick, you are mine for the night? My SLUT. My whore for the entire night. Tell me you understand that."

She trembled as it sank in. She was a slut. His slut. She wouldn't be able to say no to him. He was in charge. The thoughts raced through her brain and she became even more turned on; her body ached, her hips began to gyrate, her wet pussy was rubbing against the velvety duvet. She look up at him and licked her lips, nodding her head. 

"You have to say it, Megan." His voice seemed even rougher.

"Wyatt," she whispered, "I am yours tonight. I know that I am your little whore tonight. That I can't say no to you. I will do anything you want, Wyatt." She smiled at him as he lessened his grip on her wrists, allowing her to pull them free and reach for his belt again. 

Quickly, she unbuckled his belt, unzipped his fly and slid his hands around the top of his pants as she loosened them, helping him get out of them until he was standing there in front of her in his boxers, shirt and tie.

She impulsively reached for his tie and pulled him down on top of her, letting his hard body cover hers. Their lips met and in seconds they were losing control. His tongue forced itself into her mouth and she met him tentatively with hers. He was powerful. Passionate. She felt him bite and tug at her lower lip and gasped. 

She could feel his shaft along her leg as he took one of her breasts in his hand and sucked and teased her nipple. When he stopped and pulled back, she cried out and arched her back. 

"No, please don't stop! Please."

He regained his control and grabbed her arms, pinning both of her wrists above her head with one hand. He was incredibly strong and she felt dominated for a moment and wriggled around in frustration. He smiled, enjoying watching. 

Her big tits bounced as she moved, her hips arched and she moaned, "Please...please...Wyatt. Make me your slut. Please."

His cock was throbbing and when he heard her beg to be his slut, he almost lost control. He let go of her wrists and pulled his tie and shirt off over his head, yanking his boxers off, showing her his dick for the first time.

She gasped as she saw him stroke his shaft. He was huge. Her eyes got big and she started to get a little scared. She shook her head back and forth as if to say "no" but he was having none of that. He let go of his cock and pinned her wrists again, while the other hand covered her mouth. 

"Don't you dare shake your head at me, slut. You don't get to say no to me, remember?" His voice was a low growl. 

She nodded her understanding, but secretly was not sure he would even fit inside her! She was sure he was at least nine inches long and incredibly thick... there was just no way. Suddenly, he stood up, his hand once again stroking himself. She couldn't explain why, but watching him touch himself made her wet. Sopping wet. 

"You didn't finish touching yourself, bitch." His voice was almost angry. Commanding. "Spread your legs and show me your pussy. I want to see you finger yourself."

The second he called her a bitch, she felt herself tingle. She did as she was told and spread her legs and let one hand play with her pussy, while the other pinched and pleasured her nipple. She was surprised at how incredibly hot and wet she was as she ran her fingers around her swollen pussy lips, flicking her clit, and finally sliding one finger in. Slowly. Pulled it back out slowly and she heard herself moan as she slid two fingers in, then out. Then three. The tight walls inside pushed back as she suddenly felt Wyatt try to slip a finger inside at the same time. 
