 One warm Saturday a few weeks after the hot tub incident, the wife and kids were gone for the day so I decided to take advantage of the sun and get some yard work done. I took my shirt off and was just wearing some baggy camp shorts when I looked over to the neighbor's yard and I saw Meghan come outside wearing a skimpy string bikini and carrying a beer, intent on working on her tan. 

She spread her towel on a chaise lounge and laid down on her back. Meghan was looking pretty hot as I gazed at her lying there. Her firm breasts and perky nipples jutted towards the sky as I appraised her fit and tanned 20-year-old body. She had definitely not succumbed to the dreaded freshman 15 syndrome her first year at college. 

Suddenly she turned her head towards me and caught me momentarily staring at her and said, "Hey Mr. Newman, how's it going?"

"Uh, hi Meghan, it's going well," I stammered in reply. "Catching some rays?"

"Yeah, Jeff just left so I figured I would catch some sun before I have to head to work."

Well I knew by that statement that a couple of things were probably true. First, she was home alone again because Jeff never came around when her parents were in town. And second, she had probably just gotten a good fucking from him. 

I knew Jeff because he is the head lifeguard at our neighborhood pool where I am also a board member. He has longish blond unkempt hair, stands about 6' 2" and has the chiseled physique of a gym rat. When he's at the pool, he loves to preen and strut his stuff around the female lifeguards, young sluts and assorted MILFs that hang out at the pool during the summer. I'm pretty sure that he and Meghan are probably just fuck buddies since he has nothing much to offer women other than his good looks, hard body and apparently a very large cock. 

You see, Jeff is not the sharpest tool in the shed and likely won't be splitting any atoms in the near future. Having barely graduated high school a few years ago, most of his classmates had headed off to college while he stayed behind toiling at the pool and at whatever other minimum wage jobs he can find. I'm pretty sure that there is only one thing that motivated him.

Based on what I saw in the hot tub, Meghan had clearly enjoyed sucking his big dick and he no doubt gave her cunt a decent pummeling, and probably numerous times. Since that night, I could not get the thought of her blowing him out of my mind and just thinking about it made me hard. I sat there day dreaming for a minute when Meghan snapped me out of it and asked me if I wanted a beer.

"Uh sure, I'll join you for a beer," I replied. It sounded good since the sun was hot and I had worked up a mild sweat working in the yard.

"There are some in the fridge. Grab me another one please," she said with a smile. 

I had been in her home hundreds of times and I knew where to find a couple of cold beers. I popped the tops and went out to her patio and sat down on a chaise lounge facing her, handing her a cold one.

"Thanks," she said has my eyes looked over her young tight body, barely concealed by her bikini. 

I had been thinking about what might happen if given the opportunity so I decided to mention the hot tub incident to her to see how she would react.

"So Meghan," I started, "a couple of weeks ago your barking dog woke me up in the middle of the night. I thought it was mine so I came downstairs to check it out." She stared at me blankly, her eyes concealed by her aviator sunglasses. 

"You had your back-patio lights off but I saw you in the hot tub with someone." When I said that her jaw dropped slightly and I'm sure her eyes got very big.

"You saw me in the hot tub with Jeff?" 

"Yeah I guess so," I said with a shrug.

"What exactly did you see?" she asked in a slightly accusatory tone.

"Well, I wasn't quite sure who all was there so I came outside and walked around the side of your house to get a closer look. The first thing I saw was you sucking on some guy's cock for a while, then he slid into the water and you mounted him and you guys fucked for a bit, then he stood up and jerked his cum all over your face." As I said this I could feel my own cock started getting harder.

"Oh my god, I can't believe you were watching me and Jeff in the hot tub!" Meghan said. She was mortified and her face red with embarrassment. 

Then panic set it in. "You're not going to tell my parents are you? They'll probably kick me out of the house!"

I replied, "I don't know Meghan. You need to be a bit more discreet. I know it was late at night but what if my kids had seen you guys going at it?"

Her embarrassment gave way to anger. "So, you were watching us and then you came out side and snuck up on us? What the fuck is up with that?" Meghan said, her voice rising in pitch.

I didn't have an answer for that and she knew it.

"What are you, some kind of perv or something?" she said with a sneer. "Did it turn you on watching me suck on Jeff's big cock? Huh? Did it? I'll bet you were jerking off watching us fuck weren't you?" 

She had turned the tables on me and I wasn't sure how to back out of this. Now it was my turn to be embarrassed and slightly humiliated.

She looked down and could see my cock trying to poke out of my shorts, hard with precum leaking from the head.

"Look at you!" she said, pointing at my protruding dick head, "It did turn you on you fucking pervert!" She laughed, shaking her head and taking a swig of beer. But she wasn't done with me.

"Did you like watching me lick his balls? How about when he shot his load on my face? Did you see that? I got most of it down but he kept cumming and cumming so much I thought I was going to drown," she said with a chuckle.

I swallowed hard and slowly nodded my head, looking at the ground, as my cock got harder at the image she was painting. 

"Yes," I said, "it was a pretty hot scene. I couldn't take my eyes off you two."

"I don't blame you," Meghan replied. "Jeff has the biggest and nicest cock I have ever had and I can't get enough of it to be honest. I guess I got carried away in the hot tub that night. Sorry about that Mr. Newman, next time I'll be more careful."

"Tell you what, you don't tell my parents what happened and I won't tell your wife that you were beating off while watching us fuck," she said, cutting to the chase. 

When I heard that thinly veiled threat, I was instantly disappointed with myself for even bringing it up. I knew that was probably the end of my voyeurism. 

Meghan looked at my cock again and said with a smile, "You know Mr. Newman, I do love cock and it looks like you have a nice one if I may say so myself." 

She reached out and ran her fingers on my piss slit and collected my leaking precum, then raised her fingers to her lips and licked the juices off. 

"Mmmm, and you taste good too!" she said as she licked her lips.

I was hard as a rock when I decided to seize the moment. "Maybe I'm not as big as Jeff, but I don't think you would be disappointed," I said as I peeled back the leg of my shorts to show her more of my length. She was mesmerized at the sight and then went a little slack-jawed when she saw my now fully engorged member.

She reached out for my cock again and gripped it in her hand and gave it a couple of tugs. "Wow," she said. It's not as long as his but it is definitely thicker," as she tried to wrap her hand around its girth. 

Then I got bolder. "Would you like to taste it?"

"Oh yeah," Meghan replied, "Would I ever."

I stood up, unbuttoned my shorts and let them fall to the ground as my fully erect penis sprang proudly from the confines. This elicited a small gasp as she stared at my stiff 8-inch monster. She was still lying on her side as I moved closer and my cock was now within inches of her mouth. She moved her head closer, opened her mouth and was preparing to take it when I moved back. I had my dick in my hand, waving it in front of her open mouth. 

"Is this what you want Meghan? Do you want my hard cock? Do you want to suck it?"

"Yeah," she panted, "let me suck that beautiful piece of meat. I want it."

I took my cock and slapped her on the cheek a couple of times, each time leaving small trails of my precum on her face. 

"Tell me how bad you want it you little cock whore. Tell me how much you want me to cum all over you."

"Please Mr. Newman, let me have it. I need your hard cock in my mouth. I need to taste it. Please!"

I slowly inserted my cock between her lips as she hungrily engulfed the large mushroom head. She ran her tongue around the head gathering as much of the precum that she could. I grabbed the back of her head forcing more of my man meat into her willing mouth. She had to stretch her mouth wide take the thickness of my cock but she took it like a pro. 

I forced it all the way in until her nose was up against my pubes and she swallowed all of it without gagging. I would pull the length of it out of her mouth, leaving her tongue trying to reach out to lick the head of my prick. I slid my cock in and out of Meghan's sweet mouth, my balls occasionally slapping her chin in the process.

"Take it you little slut, suck it like you know how to do," I said as I rammed my cock back into her throat. 

She purred as she opened wide to take it. As she continued to slurp on my cock, I slipped my hand underneath her bikini top and ran my fingers over her hard nipple and pinched it which elicited a soft moan. I pulled my cock all the way out of her mouth, dripping with her saliva, I slapped my wet meat on her face again.

"How do you like my cock? Does it taste as good as Jeff's?" I asked as I tweaked her nipple with my fingers.

"Oh yeah, Mr. Newman, it's wonderful. It's way thicker than his is. I want some more." 

Happy to oblige, I stuck my slick dick back in her mouth. Meghan was sucking my cock like there was no tomorrow, reaching up and massaging my balls. I straddled her chaise lounge and plunged my thick cock in and out of her willing mouth. Each time I started to pull out, she would grab my muscular ass cheeks and pull my cock deep into her throat tickling what I think was her tonsils. 

I could feel the blood rise in my balls and knew that if she kept this up, I'd be depositing a healthy dose of my man yogurt down her gullet. I reached further down to her bikini bottoms and started rubbing her protruding pussy lips from the outside. She was sopping wet. 

I slipped my hand under the fabric and found her very wet shaved pussy. I inserted a finger easily inside of her as she moaned again. I found her clit and started rubbing it as her breathing picked up pace. I alternately massaged her clit and then slipped a couple of fingers inside her dripping cunt to get to her G-spot. She wasn't just wet, she was downright sloppy. 

I continued my assault on her gash when it dawned on me that she had just been fucked by Jeff and I was fingering her used pussy that was slick with his cum. I could smell the mix of scents when I pulled my wet fingers out and brought them to her mouth. Pulling my cock out, I offered her my fingers which she greedily sucked and licked clean. 

"How does it taste Meghan? Do you like the taste of your cunt juices mixed with Jeff's cum?" I asked. 

"Mmmm, it's great. I just got done fucking his hard cock right before I came outside. I love it when he comes inside me. I like the feeling of it being inside me as long as possible." 

My cock throbbed as she told me this. I untied her bottom and pulled it aside as I dipped my fingers back inside of her twat. I got my fingers wet again and this time brought them to my nose, sniffing their sex. I then licked my own fingers as she looked up at me while my cock continued to piston in and out of her mouth. It did taste good so I decided I wanted to taste her pussy with my tongue.

I readjusted my position to a 69 position as I continued to straddle her head, sticking my cock back inside her mouth with by balls now resting on nose. As my face got closer to her box, I could smell the muskiness of their commingled juices. Her pussy lips were red and swollen from the fucking she got from Jeff. 

With her legs spread apart, her hot hole waited for my tongue as I put my mouth on her sticky wet cunt. I rolled her legs underneath my arms and brought her ass off the chair as I stabbed by tongue into her filthy, used gash. She was moaning as she took my cock from her mouth and started licking my sweaty balls, taking each of them in her mouth and licking them with her tongue.

I explored her wet pussy, my tongue expertly circling her clit as she writhed and moaned beneath me. I ran my tongue the length of her slit to her pink asshole and circled it with the tip causing her to jump slightly. The juices had run down her pussy to her ass and had made a wet spot on the towel beneath her. I lapped up as much as I could, knowing that I was cleaning her cunt of the spunk that Jeff had left there. Meghan was moaning into my cock and balls as I continued my tongue lashing. 

As I licked her from stem to stern, she took the hint and spread my own ass cheeks open and began tonguing my hot hole. She jerked my cock with one hand as she licked my bud. She got it good and wet and then I felt her finger start to probe my asshole poking in, pulling it out, then replacing it with her tongue. I continued to lick her clit bringing her closer to orgasm. I then stuck one of my fingers into her tight asshole and two deep into her cunt. With my tongue stimulating her and fingers in every hole her body started shaking.

"Ah fuck yeah, I'm coming!" she cried out as convulsion shook her body. 

She continued to work on my cock as her spasms subsided and I kept licking the juices from her pussy until she could no longer take my tongue anymore. I spun around and pressed my lips to hers as she stuck her tongue in my mouth, exploring to taste her scent. My face glistened with her nectar as she kissed and licked it. 

I was just about to stick my cock back in her mouth when I suddenly heard a door slam inside her house and her sister Allie yelled out, "Hey Meghan, are you home?"

Oh shit, what the hell was she doing here I thought to myself as I quickly grabbed my shorts and sprinted naked back to my yard before we were discovered in flagrante delicto. I dove behind some bushes, scrambling to pull my shorts on and trying to stuff my still-hard prick inside. I peeked through the leaves and saw Meghan pulling her bikini bottoms up just as Allie came out of the house.

"Oh hey, there you are," Allie said, sitting down next to Meghan. 

They started engaging in an animated conversation that I couldn't hear, but occasionally Allie would turn and glance over towards my house with a smile on her face. I wasn't sure what that was about and I really didn't want to know at this point. Although I was still half hard and horny as hell, I knew I had just dodged a major league bullet so I decided that it was best that I go about my business and get back to doing my yard work and other chores.