 My friend Melissa and I hadn't seen each other for quite a while. As a matter of fact, it had been since we hooked up once before in college. She was a bartender at the time, working her way through college. She'd needed a ride home that day, and as it turned out both of us got one. 

It had been a few years since that happened, and the memory was still one of my favorites. I can't tell you many lonely nights that one got me though. But like I said, I hadn't seen her and didn't know where she was any more. 

Imagine my surprise one day when I was driving through town. There stood Mel waiting for a bus. She'd changed a bit over the years. She'd lost the baby fat she had the last time I'd seen her, which made those amazing tits look even bigger. She was wearing a skirt and blouse too, and looked like she worked in an office somewhere. I couldn't help myself; I hit the brakes and parked my car. Then I snuck up on and said,

"Excuse me ma'am. Do you have the time?"

She turned and her jaw dropped. 

"Oh my God! How are you?"

And she hugged me. God that felt good! Her body was still fantastic, and it felt as good as it looked. 

We sat and talked for a bit. She was waiting for a bus to take her to work. Being a gentleman, I offered her a ride, which she accepted gratefully. 

We talked as I took her to work. 

"Thank you for this. I get so tired of riding the bus every day."

"It's my pleasure. Consider it repayment for the last time I gave you a ride."

We both laughed at that, remembering the fun that we had after I got her home. 

"I'm surprised you remember that. It's been a while."

I glanced over at her. 

"Are you kidding? How could I forget? I'd been drooling over you every day at school, and then I get a chance to explore that incredible body? That's one day I'll never forget."

She blushed at that.

"It was a very... interesting day wasn't it?"

"That it was. It's one of my favorite memories. By the way, you still look amazing."

"Thank you again. You're really good for my ego you know."

I was completely sincere when I said,

"It's easy when all I have to do is tell the truth."

She sat back at that, and we drove in silence for a few minutes. All too soon I got get to work. She leaned over and hugged me, giving me a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Thanks again. Hey, I've got an idea. Would you like to come over this evening to hang out and reminisce?"

I returned her hug and said,

"I'd love to."

She gave me the time and her address. Then she got out, and I was treated to the sight of her walking away. My God, I could watch her walk all day long and not get bored. Just before she got to the door, she turned and saw me staring. She smiled, waved, and was gone. 

I'll admit it right here; I fantasized about that body all day. It made with a lot more fun, but drove me to distraction of course. I couldn't wait to see what the evening had in store for me.

That evening, I parked outside her place. I sat for a few minutes wondering what was going to happen. I was good with just sitting and reminiscing. But of course I was hoping, who wouldn't be?

I knocked and she answered. She smiled when she saw me, and being a typical guy, I checked her out. She looked great. She was still wearing her blouse from that day, but she'd slipped into a pair of jeans for the evening. Those jeans really accented her weight loss. Although surprisingly, she hadn't lost anything in the chest area. Much to my delight of course. 

We sat on her couch and talked about friends and all the fun we had together with them. I heard about her relationships, and she asked about mine. She seemed surprised when I told her I wasn't really involved with anyone at that time. 

"Why does that surprise you?"

"It just does. You seen like the kind of guy that's always involved with someone. Weren't you dating or something when we hooked up?"

"Actually I was engaged."

"Oh God, really? Now I feel like a total slut."

That made me smile. 

"Just remember, I could have said no. So you're not really to blame for what happened. And being a slut isn't always bad."

She giggled at that. 

"Well at least I have fun. So you may be right there."

Wait a minute. There was something in her choice of words that caught my attention. 

"You have fun? As in still have fun? Or did you mean had?"

She looked me dead in the eye and said,

"I mean have. I still have a lot of fun."

That brought a different dynamic to the situation. And it certainly made me look at her differently. 

She caught that right away. 

"You're thinking about that right now aren't you?"

I had to tell her the truth. 

"After you say something like that? Of course I am."

She moved closer to me on the couch then. I could smell her perfume, and I could see that chest pressed against the fabric of her blouse. 

"So what's running through that mind of yours?"

I couldn't resist. If I got shot down, at least I tried. 

"Honestly? All can think about right now is doing this."

I reached out and stroked her cheek. Then my hand slipped down to the top button of her blouse. I unbuttoned it, watching for her reaction. She just closed her eyes and smiled slightly. She didn't make a move to stop me, so my hand went to the next button, then the next. 

Soon she was sitting there with her blouse open. This fantastic tits were on display in a wonderfully lacy bra. It was so sheer, I could see her nipples plainly. I could see she was breathing heavily by then. Thank God she still got turned on by a strong breeze!

She looked fantastic there in front of me, and knowing there was more to come just turned me on more. I leaned over and whispered in her ear then. 

"My God, you're still fucking amazing. And I plan to do just that. Im going to play with every inch of your body this evening, and as often as you want."

I felt her soft lips against my ear as she whispered,

"Then shut up and fuck me."

With pleasure! I reached around her back from that position, freeing those amazing tits. They looked just as good as they had that day years before, when I saw them for the first time in my car.

I reached down and slipped off her jeans then, essentially stripping her naked right then and there. 

i would have loved to have taken her hot little mouth right there and then, but that evening it wasn't to be. Mel wanted my cock in her right away, and there was no way I was passing that up. 

Her legs spread wide, and I knelt between them, moving forward until I touched that wonderfully wet pussy. God, she felt like silk as her pussy took my cock deep in one easy stroke. I saw her back arch, and her hips bucked forward to meet me.

Mel was the most amazing fuck I'd ever had, and this time I was taking my time, enjoying every hot stroke. Mel was into it that night, and I kept glancing at my cock as it slid into her. I could see the shine of her pussy juices on me as I pulled out, only to bury myself again deep inside her. 

I loved watching her body react to mine, and finally her hand grabbed my ass, pulling me deep inside her. I looked at her face; her eyes were closed and she bit her lower lip as she came all over my cock. I waited for her to recover, then went back to work on her pussy. 

My hands started to wander then too, sliding up off her hips to those wonderful tits. Her nipples were break off hard under my fingers, and i teased them as we fucked. 

I was getting close, so asking her seemed to be the best idea. 

"Tell me; where do you want me to cum?"

She looked up at me then, and I saw a look I'd never seen before from her. It was an incredibly vulnerable look. I slowed almost to a stop, gently stroking slowly in and out. 

"I want you to cum inside me. I want you to fill my pussy. There's just one thing."

"What's that?"

"If you do, there's a really good chance I could end up... you know."

I didn't, and i told her that. She took a deep breath and said,

"I could easily get pregnant. It's the perfect time for it."

That stopped me for a minute, and I thought about it. I had to ask her. 

"Do you want that?"

She thought about it for a minute, then answered. Her voice was so soft I could barely hear her say,

"Yes. I think I would."

I had to think about that. I stopped, completely buried inside her. 

"Are you sure? You know me. I'm not going to be around much, just in case you're looking for a Daddy. You'll be a single Mother. Have you thought this over?"

"I really have. I'm good with you not being here. But I've been feeling for quite a while now that it's time."

She looked up at me then. Her eyes were wide, and she said,

"Go ahead. Give me a baby."

Once she said that, I didn't hesitate. I started moving again, and watched her eyes close. I held back as long as I could, until finally she said,

"Do it. Cum inside me."

I buried my cock one final time, and did just that. I literally exploded into that hot wet pussy, knowing full well what I was doing. That set her off again, and I'd never seen her cum that hard. Her fingernails were buried in my ass as I pumped her full of cum. 

I showed slipped out of her, and sat down for a minute. She leaned up against me, and whispered in my ear. 

"Thank you. Any other guy would have run like the wind."

I just smiled at that. 

"There's no way I was going to. You'll be a beautiful pregnant woman, and a wonderful Mom. I know that."

She snuggled up against me, and said,

"Would you like to spend the night?"

I was already getting hard again, thinking about the changes her body would go through. She noticed that, and leaned over, taking my cock in her mouth as I said,

"I'd love to."

We didn't sleep at all that night. By the time morning came, I was completely drained of any fluids. Her robe was open as she kissed me goodbye at the door. I wish I'd been able to react to that, but I was done. 

Life took me a different way not too much later, and we had one more goodbye fuck. I made sure she knew where I ended up, just in case. 

About a year later, Father's day toned around. I got my mail that day, and there was a card there. I recognized her handwriting right away. It took me a few minutes for be to open it, but finally I did. 

It was my first Father's day card. I still get one every year from the daughter I've never seen.