 It was 11 o'clock in the evening and Tom looked down at his slumbering wife. She had been melancholy all day and as soon as they settled down to watch the television, she has come over to the couch and curled up in his arms. Warm and safe she had soon fallen asleep, her head on his chest. Tom was content to hold her, she wasn't normally like this, he was used to the big, bright, bubbly, confident woman who took care of his needs before he even thought of it. If just holding her was all the comfort she needed, then a mildly dead arm was a small price to pay.

He hit the standby button on the TV remote and kissed the top of her head. 

"Come on sleepy, its bedtime." he whispered.

Liz stirred and mumbled, curling herself in tighter. Tom laughed.

"Noooo, come on. Up you come." He said and took her hand.

Liz opened her eyes sleepily and allowed Tom to take her hand. He pulled her to her feet and she stood, blinking, while he turned off the television. Walking past her, he caught hold of her hand and pulled her up the stairs. At the top he turned her into the bathroom and made his way into the bedroom. After a few minutes, Liz stumbled into the bedroom and stripped off, dropping her clothes on the bedroom chair and crawled into bed. She lay shivering and watched Tom leave the bedroom and go to the bathroom while she tried to make a pocket of warmth around herself.

Tom wandered back in and found Liz still shivering, curled up in a ball. He grinned, got undressed and climbed into bed. Liz immediately turned to him and wrapped herself around him, her head on his chest, her leg wrapped around his. He kissed the top of her head tenderly and ran his fingers down her arm softly. She drew a ragged breath and he pulled her in close.

Liz sniffed, suddenly overwhelmed by the tears that had been threatening all day and they ran silently down her face and dripped steadily from her nose. She had no idea why she felt the way she did, she just felt completely consumed by misery for no reason and Toms quiet tenderness, whilst helping, also served to make her feel worse.

"Whats the matter sweetheart?" Toms voice, filled with concern broke through.

Liz shrugged, unable to put anything into words.

"I really don't know." She said helplessly.

"Hush, it's ok." He replied, curving into her and holding her close.

Liz closed her eyes and breathed her husband in. Her fingers played idly with the hairs on his chest as his own travelled over her skin lightly. Tears still fell steadily and Tom simply let her cry, content to know that just holding her was enough. He reached above him and turned out the light, pulling the quilt up around them both against the chill of the night.

Liz drifted off to sleep, wrapped up in warmth, her dreams full of images and people long gone from her life, comforting but disturbing at the same time. Tom lay in the darkness listening to his wife's soft breathing, his fingers stroking lightly and absently over her while he tried to fathom what could bring her so low. He held her closely as her dreams moved her slightly, soft whimpers leaving her as she still cried in her sleep.

She suddenly woke with a start and Tom hushed her gently. She drew a shuddering breath and curled into Tom once more, pressing herself tightly against him. Tom held her and placed feather-light kisses on her hair, breathing in the scent of her. As he lay, the need for her grew, but aware of her feelings, he was tentative in his approach. He moved his hand and brushed her breast lightly, his fingers drinking her in, following her contours, silhouetted in the dark, his eyes adjusted to the darkness as his wife moved against him in her half slumber.

Liz was dimly aware of Tom's hand moving over her and she sighed softly, wrapping herself around him further until he felt as though the two of them were going to meld into one. Toms hand continued to move over his wife's skin as she murmured softly against him, her body rippling as his hand travelled over her.

Tom began to place small kisses on the top of her head again, Liz drew a breath, deep and ragged, like a child after prolonged crying, hiccupping slightly. Half asleep, caught in a dream-world, Liz fingers moved over her husband's body. Her head came up, eyes closed and Tom leaned down and kissed her softly, stroking her hair, his fingers tracing softly over her cheek and around her ear, a small smile ghosting her lips. Tom dropped kisses over Liz lips repeatedly until he finally captured them fully.

Liz let out a small moan as her tongue slid between Toms lips, sleepily searching, finally finding Toms tongue, dancing with it, whilst she moved up his body until her head was level with his and she no longer needed to stretch to reach him, his arms holding her tight to him, her breasts pressed into his chest, her leg between his thighs. She whimpered as his hands started to travel down her spine towards her round backside, her own hands moving down the length of his body as she moved from sleep to arousal.

Tom broke the kiss and rolled Liz onto her back. Turning, he switched on the small dim light at the side of the bed and then turned back to his wife, placing small kisses over her face and neck, across her shoulders and down her throat. Liz opened her eyes and watched her husband move down her body slowly, his butterfly kisses leaving red hot trails on her skin as he moved down her. He reached her breasts and the tip of his tongue circled each nipple as she moaned softly, arching her back towards him as he caressed her with his mouth.

Tom lifted each breast and lightly ran his tongue under the curve of each one, finishing each run with a kiss in the soft curve between her breasts. Moving downwards he left a trail of kisses down her stomach, blowing into her belly button and making her giggle before he moved down again. A trail of kisses from hip to hip across the top of her mons, along the crease of her stomach as his wife squirmed under him, torn between moaning and dissolving into manic giggles.

Tom's fingers trailed over Liz skin and she shivered, raising goose bumps everywhere his fingers went. His lips preceeding his fingers, he kissed down her pubis to the top of her lips. Dipping his tongue in, he moaned slightly as he got a first taste of her, marvelling that each time he did, it was like the first time. She tasted slightly salt, a bittersweet tang on the tip of his tongue. 

Liz raised a leg and placed her foot lightly on Tom's shoulder, moaning as she felt his tongue tease her. Encouraged, Tom delved deeper, taunting her, her leg sliding down his back until her thigh rested on his shoulder, her muscles bunching as she lifted herself towards him slightly, encouraging him further. Toms tongue lashed across his wife's cunt, delving deeply now as Liz hand came down and her fingers wound into his hair, pushing him in towards her as he teased her clit with his teeth, nipping and sucking on it as Liz put her other leg over her husband's shoulders, lifting herself onto her shoulders, her hips completely clear of the bed as she ground her cunt into his face. Her moans filled the room as Tom brought her closer and closer to orgasm. Tom held onto his wife, his hands fanned out across her buttocks, leaving indentations as he pushed his fingertips in.

Liz suddenly thrust up against Tom and let out a shuddering cry as her orgasm shattered through her.  Undaunted, Tom never stopped lashing his wife's cunt with his tongue, drawing a figure of eight around her clit as he felt her muscles ripple underneath him. Small mewls of pleasure leaving Liz constantly as she emerged from her orgasm, her body trembling. Tom gently eased her down onto the bed and made his way back up her body, again placing small kisses as he went. 

Arriving at her side, Tom gathered his wife in and wrapped his arms around her, curling into her back, her knees curled around his, her backside nestled into his lap, the warmth of the bed enclosing them both. Liz lay with her eyes closed, the languidness of post orgasmic bliss washing over her and she smiled as Tom kissed the top of her head. 

Liz bent her head and kissed Tom's arm lightly, wriggling her hips against him, feeling his now semi hardness against her as he relaxed into her. His hands moved slightly and he cupped his wife's heavy breast, breathing in the scent of her dark hair against his face. Toms thumb moved lightly over Liz nipple and he felt it tighten under his touch. Liz sighed softly and moved onto her side, looking at him. She leaned in slightly and kissed him softly, lifting her legs over his hips and nestling herself into him again, the still slippery lips of her cunt against her husband's pelvis.

Tom kissed his wife again and ran the tip of his tongue over her lips. Liz reacted and her tongue joined his, a tiny dance together before seeking the warmth of each other's mouths. Twisting and turning like two snakes in a mating ritual, their tongues took on a life of their own in the kiss. Lips became pressed harder as gentleness became passion.

Tom slipped his hand down between the two of them and maneuvered the head of his cock between Liz cunt lips. Very gently he slid into her and she wriggled herself onto him. His cock hardened as it reacted to the deep warmth of his wife. He broke the kiss and looked at Liz. His movements stopped suddenly as he discovered that his wife had new tears cascading down her face.

"Baby?" He said, concern in his voice again.

"Shhhh." Liz breathed. "Just don't stop, please baby. I need you."

Tom wrapped his arms around his wife and pulled her to him. He kissed her tears as they fell, his hips moving against her gently, taking his time. The length of his cock not fully inside her, just slowly taking her, taking them both away from the world and the melancholy that was upsetting his wife so deeply.

Liz turned her head and kissed him once again, her tongue slipping into his mouth once more, tasting him as she locked her fingers into his and wordlessly pulled him gently across her until he had no choice but to move. His cock slid out of her and she moved her legs, laying them flat as she pulled him. Tom moved across her body, her thighs automatically opening for him as he moved between them. Liz opened her legs wide and lifted them, wrapping them around his hips as he slid into her again easily, a deep groan leaving him as he slid full length into her.

Liz raised her hips to meet Tom as he moved into her, each stroke long and deep as he bent to kiss her briefly before raising himself once more to push deeply into his wife's cunt. Liz moans matched Tom's as he stroked in and out of her, opening her eyes and catching the look of concern in his as the tears continued to flow unchecked down her face.

She smiled softly and reached up with one hand to cup his face. Tom turned his head and kissed the palm of her hand, his body not stopping its slow rocking into her. Liz hands moved and she lifted her legs wide. Grasping her legs at the knees she pulled them back and Tom growled as he found himself buried even deeper in the folds of his wife's cunt.

Liz rolled her hips up towards Tom and he felt his balls start to get covered in the wetness from her. He brought himself up to a more erect position and he gripped his wife's ankles. Liz let go and let Tom take over the positioning of her, her hands now gripping the sheets as he pushed her legs back and wide, thrusting in hard with a deep primal groan. Liz moan matched his as need and lust took them both. Tom pistoned into his wife, slamming against her as his hands pushed her wider and further back, raising her cunt to meet him, her wet cunt in turn enclosing him in ripples as he took her.

Tom and Liz lost themselves in each other, their love making becoming pure animal lust, like beasts rutting they fucked, moans and sighs reaching a crescendo as their tempo increased, Liz feet and legs spread wide, her husband's pelvis rythmically slapping against her wet cunt, her fingers clawing at his chest and the bed-sheets.  Tom's fingers in turn digging into his wife's calves as he pulled her into him.

Tom felt Liz's orgasm wash through her. Her face contorted, a mixture of pain and pleasure, as he watched without seeing. Liz cunt gripped Tom's cock before swelling and tightening around him, her cum running from her with every stroke, to puddle under her backside, Tom still thrusting into her, possessed as Liz lay and let her orgasm overcome her completely, her moans becoming massive sobs as the sheer pleasure of their coupling overtook her. The tears that had flowed so freely, having purpose, released.

Raising her hips to him, Liz hammered towards her man, her hypersensitive cunt and clit aching to be released and be left to recover, knowing she neither could nor wanted to let them. Her husband looked at her and growled, a deep animal need that started in his chest until it had taken his whole body and he slammed into Liz, releasing his cum deep into her cunt as she moaned with him, watching as Tom shuddered above her, his entire body convulsing against her, his eyes closed as he savoured her warmth and his release.

They slowed and Tom bent to kiss Liz gently but deeply. She kissed him back, small hiccupping breaths leaving her as they calmed down and regained themselves. Tom pulled himself straight and his now softening cock slid from Liz. He moved to one side and then lay next to her on his back. Liz curled into her husband's side and lay her head on his chest. Her left leg came over his right and she wound herself around him. Tom reached over and tucked the quilt around her, kissing the top of her head.

He lay quietly and listened to Liz breathing, trying to think of a way to broach the subject of her tears. Liz breathing shuddered deeply and then evened out, leaving her breaths deep, the breathing of a sleeper. Tom kissed the top of his sleeping wife's head once more, reached over and turned out the small light. He settled down to sleep, there would be time enough to find out in the morning.