 Melanie reached for the remote control dispassionately. Another damned evening of late-night TV; Leno, Letterman, Kimmel or one of those inane old movies that the various classic movie channels served up at night. This lack of sex was getting old! She could hear her friend Denise's words rattling in her head, "That's what happens when you marry a man 12 years older than you," 

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Daniel was 52 and she a newly turned 40-year-old. Fifteen years ago, when they had just married, how different it had been: Daniel would come home with a hard-on every night, his dick just aching to fill her pussy. And oh how she had enjoyed that solid eight inches of cock! 

For the last year or so Daniel had come home every night, not with a raging hard-on, but with a kiss and a question like "What's for dinner?" or, "Did you see the score of that Knicks' game last night?", or her personal favorite, "What's been rooting around in the backyard?" 

"Rooting around, hell! Nothing that she could see or feel," she thought. Melanie still loved him, of course, and always would. She'd always thought of him as her 'true soul mate'. But lately their sex life had sucked.

Everything else in their life together was great! They had money, good health, and enjoyed their days together. It was those fucking, or lack thereof, nights that were killing her.

With that, she threw down the remote. "Another shower? Why the hell not? Thank you, dear sister-in-law!" Her sister-in-law Fran, had, with a smile and a wink, turned her on to fun in the tub, and mentioned what great power that guest bath shower possessed. That showerhead had been a godsend these last few months: it had five speeds and six settings and could make her double over with pleasure in a New York minute. 

Melanie headed to the guest bath, passing the room Daniel and she shared. She could hear his rhythmically light snore lilting from the room. How she longed to run in there, throw back the covers and rub her itching pussy all over his dick, turning four inches of flaccid flesh into a beautiful eight inches of hard cock! But his flaccid dick is the only thing she'd get, and that just wouldn't work this evening.

She looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror as she shucked her jeans and tee shirt. It was still a good body, with relatively large, full D-cup breasts -- okay, with a slight sag -- but those one-inch nipples always made up for the sag. Daniel had always loved to fondle those nipples, rolling them between his fingers and then taking them in his mouth, sucking so hard that they seemed to extend another inch. Just the thought of Daniel touching her tits sent shivers down into her pussy. She ran her hands down her stomach and hips. Twenty pounds extra in 15 years wasn't good, but at least it had spread itself out well over her hips. Childbearing hips, as her mother used to say, but Daniel had always called them 'good fucking hips.' He had always said how much he loved her soft padding as he had rammed his dick deep into her pussy. 

All this reminiscing about Daniel was making her wet. She gave a slight laugh and said out loud, "I'm all wet, and I haven't even turned on the shower."

Melanie turned away from the mirror to start up her new best friend. "Hello my little friend, are you as ready for me as I am for you?" she asked the shiny metal showerhead. She adjusted the nozzle to full spray and threw one long leg and then the other over the side of the tub. She let the warming water flow gently over her waiting body. She wasn't going to rush this. Slowly and deliberately she picked up a small plastic bottle of body wash sitting beside the tub, pumped out a handful of sweet smelling liquid, rubbing it between her hands, before she began to spread the soapy water all over her wanting body. She started at her neck and shoulders. "The same shoulders Daniel had run his teeth and tongue over whenever he'd wanted to get her in the mood," she thought. He'd take the tiniest of bites, nibbling on one shoulder then across her back to the other shoulder. She shuddered and shook a little as she remembered those little electric shocks surging into her pussy. She added a little more body wash, smelling its gardenia scent clearly now. Daniel's favorite scent for her. He'd said over and over that how just her walking by with a whiff of that scent on her would make his dick hard. 

She shook her head and stifled a tear, thinking it'd take the whole fucking bottle to get his cock up these days! She rubbed the scent down her body touching and feeling every inch of it until she got to her mound. She ran her soapy hand through the well-manicured bush, pulling at each little curly hair, covering it in gardenia. Her hand reached that last little bit further, until it hit that golden spot. She fondled each lip now, slippery with the soapy water, and ran her long fingers into herself, rubbing all around the edge and then in deeper. She was getting hotter and hotter then, so she looked around the tub for her little rubber toy, bought as a massage brush for her back, but now promoted to a higher calling. 

"Oh, there!" she said aloud, as she grabbed the brush from the metal tray and began working it slowly in and out of her pussy, feeling each nubby little end reaching and caressing new spots inside of her. She began to shake and sway, as she grabbed for the hand-held showerhead to finish off the job she had begun with her fingers and her toy. She turned it to the power massage nozzle setting, which she called 'Heaven', and spread her legs, putting one foot on the edge of the tub and balancing on the other. She felt the vibrations in her hand as Heaven worked its magic. 

Melanie rocked forward, thrusting, Heaven bringing her closer and closer to its namesake. The water jets hit her clit, sending off little sparks of electricity inside her. Her pussy, swollen and throbbing then, took those pulsating hits and twitched wildly. She could feel herself climaxing. As her juices came up and up, as her body bent down all by itself, she tried hard not to just explode into a heap on the bottom of the tub. 

Melanie let out a strangled roar as her body gave way to overwhelming pleasure, and the showerhead went crashing into the tub. She stood there for a moment, water flying everywhere, as she just held herself tightly. When she could regain her composure, she straightened to her full height, reached for the showerhead, and hung it back into place. As she moved the translucent curtain back, she saw him. 

Daniel, his rock-hard member in his hand, stared at his wife. Melanie didn't know where to look; at his face, at his full rampant eight-inch cock, or back at his face again. Finally Daniel's voice forcefully questioned, "Ready for more?"

Grabbing her arm, Daniel pulled her from the tub, and to him. He jammed his tongue deep into her mouth and he kissed her like never before. He shoved Melanie's still-wet body across the bathroom floor until she was on her back across the dressing table. 

He stared down at her with a maniacal look, both frightening and exciting Melanie at the same time. He jerked both her arms above her head, holding them there, and then climbed on top of her. He lowered his mouth to her ear, gruffly whispering, "This fucking will make you forget that damn showerhead forever!" 

With that, he rammed his cock fully into her, hitting bottom and making Melanie scream out in pain. She looked into Daniel's face, seeing a man she'd never met before. As her brain attempted to process this thought, her pussy throbbed as Daniel's cock thrust into her again and again. Just as she finally fell into his rhythmical motion, she was jolted by his sudden withdrawal. 

Daniel yanked Melanie up off the dressing table and threw her over onto the bathroom floor on her knees. He slapped her ass and said softly and eerily, "Don't ever think I'll be through with you!" And again his hand hit her ass hard, while his dick began its trek into her very wet pussy yet again. His hands roamed her body as he once more pummeled her pussy with his cock.

His hands reached around her to find her nipples, which he then began to pinch and twist. Each tiny movement sent huge shockwaves coursing through her body, making her long for each new abuse of her tender nipples. She could feel her pussy begin to betray her emotions, rising to each thrust of his cock and twist of a nipple. Before she knew it, she was at the edge. Daniel could sense it also, and slapped her ass for the third time, shouting "Wait!" Melanie reluctantly and uncomfortably held herself in check while Daniel reamed her aching pussy until he was ready to explode. With one final thrust, Daniel shouted out, "Now!" Melanie matched Daniel's climactic explosion, both pouring hot liquid onto one another and onto the bathroom floor. Slowly Daniel moved off her, still holding her arms as he pulled her over next to him. He gently moved the hair from her face and kissed her lightly on the cheek and then turning her head, heavily on the mouth. When Daniel's lips pulled away, she smiled at the face she loved. Softly, she said to him, "When's trash day? I've got something that definitely needs to be thrown away!"

"I've been thinking about that," Daniel said sternly. "Keep it and use it regularly!" Melanie looked at him, his face hard, and dreaded whatever words that might be coming next. Then the stern expression on Daniel's face turned to a sly grin as he leaned in yet again, this time whispering in her ear, "I really like the way it revs you up!"