 The following story is dedicated to the lady who inspired it.

* * * * *

After posting a few stories on the web I managed to attract a small following of fans and fellow writers. Most of these folks were just great people who loved to express themselves in the relative anonymity of cyberspace. Being one of the people who enjoyed the anonymity I was careful to use a pseudonym whenever I responded to my fan mail.

Occasionally, though, I would meet someone whom I felt that I could trust and I would open up and tell them my real name. I managed to make some very good friends and, overall, I have no regrets about what I do. Someone else, though, decided to take advantage of my trust.

Melissa was a 20 year-old law student from Princeton who wrote some wonderfully detailed stories about her rape fantasies. I liked her stories because they always seemed to have the happy ending that I liked to include in my own stories whenever it made sense to do so. After a year of writing back and forth Melissa admitted to me that she really wanted me to act out one of her fantasies with me. Of course, I was flattered. Who wouldn't be? She was a charming and attractive young lady with a magnetically glorious personality. Truth be told, though, I felt that she needed someone closer to her own age. I guess I'm really traditional when I stop to think about it and I didn't want to have a short-term relationship based on just sex. I wanted more. I wanted to make a life with someone and I really felt that Melissa should make a life with someone herself. And not some guy who was going to be creeping into retirement just as her adult life got into high gear.

I told her what I felt and she never said another word about it. I figured that she had let it go.

Three weeks ago I came home from work, parked the car, got my mail, opened the front door...and then my whole world went black.

I woke up tied naked and spread-eagle to my bed with one hell of a headache. It took me a while to get my wits about me and then I realized that I had been knocked out somehow. 

"Hello? Hell-lo?"

No one answered. I thought I heard something downstairs.

"Any fucking body down there?" 

No answer.

"I'm right here."

My heart about went into vapor lock when she...it was a she...whispered into my ear. Totally scared the shit out of me. Still gets my heart racing just thinking about it.

"Wha...what the f...who is it?"

I strained to turn my head to see who it was but my neck was secured with a collar of some sort and she was just out of my line of vision.

"C'mon, you know who it is, don't 'cha?"

I felt a feathery touch across my forehead that gave me goosebumps all over.

"Ooooh, you like me touching you. I knew you would."

Her voice was very calm and pleasant for someone who had knocked me out, stripped me naked, and hogtied me in my own bed. I didn't know the voice, but her words were somehow...familiar.

"I know you, don't I?"

She chuckled,

"Give the man a prize, Johnny!!"

She walked into my sight.

"Melissa? How the hell did you find me?"

Thinking about it, most people would have demanded to be untied, threatened to call the cops or some such crap. Me? I wonder how she found me.

"Hey, fifty bucks off my credit card and I had everything on you off the Internet in just 24 hours."

Traitorous fucking computers.

"So what's the point here, Melissa? What the hell is this all about?"

Another sly chuckle.

"C'mon, can't you figure this out? You're the big Mr. Writes-a-lot, you tell me why I'd break into your house after stalking you, tie you up naked, and then stand here gloating?"

Shit. This was from one of my stories. One of my stories that Melissa told me she loved.

"You're here to RAPE me? You gotta be kidding? Melissa, this is not going to happen, okay? Just let me go and we'll forget all about this, okay?"

I saw the smile and the chuckle about to start...

"NO MORE GODDAMN LAUGHING AT ME! LET ME GO!"

She walked right up and slapped me hard. Damned hard. Her eyes narrowed and she leaned in close enough to kiss me.

"I'm not going to rape you. You're going to rape me."

With that she spun around and strode purposefully from my bedroom.

It's not often that I'm at a loss for words, but I was right then. All of the obvious thoughts ran through my mind, foremost being: how was I going to rape her if I was the one who was all tied up? What was I missing?

About fifteen minutes later I had my answer. Melissa walked into the room wearing the most beautiful ankle-length satin negligee. Her bare shoulders were ivory white against the midnight blue of the satin. Her well-proportioned breasts hung just perfectly and her nipples were clearly poking out the heavy fabric. Truly, I had underestimated just how beautiful she was. All of the pictures that she had sent me on the web really didn't do her justice. Pictures are great, mind you, but they never are able to communicate the sensual complexity of a person. And here was Melissa in all of her complex and sensual glory. Trussed-up and pissed-off as I was, she still managed to make me gasp as I took in her sublime beauty. 

"I'm not so bad, am I?"

She walked to the bed and sat down, casually resting one hand on my belly...tantalizingly close to my crotch. I fought off the almost autonomic reaction of my body as I felt a stirring with her delicate touch. 

"You've said no to me and I'm not going to take no for an answer. You will take me and I promise you that I won't be able to stop when I get done with you."

As she was speaking she had cleverly leaned into me and snapped a gag into my mouth just as I was about to tell her that this might not be a good idea.

"Enough talk. I think it's time you had a little special attention."

I couldn't do anything other than watch as she leaned into my crotch and took my soft cock into her mouth. I really did try to fight off the feeling, really, but her mouth was just bewitching to me. Her tongue caressed my shaft and even teased the very tip of it for all of maybe ten seconds before it solidified with lust. Still, even betrayed by my body, I tried to resist her lovely charms and I held still, silent, as if I were barely interested.

She looked up at me and our eyes met as she sucked me like a lollipop. The sight of her pretty eyes was almost sad and I wanted to reach out to hold her, but then I averted my gaze just a scant inch lower and the innocent eyes were contrasted by the lascivious lips that were torturing my poor cock.

She kept on looking at me as she did the most amazing things to my body. Not being able to hold her or control, in any way, what she was doing began to turn me on. I tentatively humped into her mouth just a little.

"You like it, don't you?"

Principles, shminciples. I was getting the best blowjob of my whole life and I was NOT about to tell her to stop now!

I nodded my agreement.

"Too bad."

She sat up and straddled me with my throbbing cock rubbing up against her satin covered belly.

"Do you still think you won't rape me?"

I sighed and then shook my head to say no.

She clearly thought about it for a moment. Then she lifted her negligee over my cock and held it between the satin and her smooth, naked belly. Slowly, she began to grind her pelvis against me as she held my cock to her body. 

"Mmmmmmm...you're so hard...you want me...unhhhh...don't you?"

I about blew my rocks right then and there. Her voice, her body, what she was doing all conspired to be the ultimate erotic experience of my life. I started to lose myself in the moment and I could feel my balls tighten with a familiar sensation...

"Oh, no, you don't!" She gave a little laugh as she rose up off of me.

"Not so fast there, Mr. Minuteman! You have a lot of work ahead of you before you get to do that."

I moaned my frustrations into the gag.

"Hmmm, I need a moment to think."

Melissa sat back and held her chin in one hand as she looked at the ceiling. Her other hand, meanwhile, busied itself with teasing my sack with her fingernails. The touch of her nails across my balls was even more electrifying than the blowjob, if you can imagine that! This torture went on for many long minutes and I betrayed myself again as I tried to hump my cock into her hand. After all of her attentions to me, I really needed to get off.

"Nope, not yet."

She let go of my balls and got back on top of me, straddling me just above my waist so that my cock was just out of reach of her tender body.

"I think you might be ready for a kiss, are you?"

I nodded 'yes' and she leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. Then she kissed me again and started kissing me wildly all over my neck and cheeks, she even tried to slip her tongue between my lips and the gag in her frenzy. While she was kissing me she had to arch her back to lean into me and my cock teasingly met her satin-covered bottom. She rubbed her ass up and down my shaft and quickly settled into a rhythm that was damnably close to fucking. 

I needed her and I was going to go crazy if I didn't get her.

"Yeah...you want me...I can feel it..."

She sat up on me and lifted the negligee off of her body and tossed it off to the side of the bed. Melissa was naked in front of me and I could not believe that just hours before I didn't want her! Here I was having to be sexually tortured by this lovely woman before I could allow myself to want her in every way.

She leaned in to kiss me and, oh man, as she did she backed her wonderful wet pussy up against my hungry cock. She was careful not to let me have more than just the tip of my cock teasingly poke at her crevice. She would slide down my cock and pin it between her legs and then she'd slide right back up it until I could feel her wetness on my shaft.

The frustration I was feeling was unreal.

And then she stopped.

"I'm so sorry. This was really not a good idea. I just can't get myself in the mood to do this to you."

She sat up and got off of me and I screamed with anger and frustration into the damned gag.

"Oh, crap, I'm so sorry! Here, let me untie you."

She got the gag out of my mouth first and didn't even look at me as she undid my wrists and ankles. Finally, I was free.

She sat down next to me again, her naked breasts rising and falling with each breath. 

"I'm sorry. I really am. I hope you can forgive me."

"I'll live."

I got up and walked around the bed just as she stood up. Her timing couldn't have been better. I walked right up to her as she stood looking at me like a deer in the highbeams.

"What...?"

As I reached for her she instinctively crossed her arms over her breasts and screamed as I seized her by the shoulders and tossed her onto the bed.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

It was music to my ears. 

She scrambled to get off of the bed.

"GODAMMIT STAY STILL!!!!"

I surprised myself with that one!

I rolled her onto her back and she stared up at me with eyes filled with fear.

"You don't fuck with me all day and then think you can just walk away! You owe me!"

She knew what was coming.

"No...really..." she said as she flailed about, trying to escape me, "I really don't want to, I'm so sorry I teased you, really! Please...no..."

I finally got between her legs and fell with all of my weight, pinning her into the bed. 

"Melissa, I am going to fuck your BRAINS OUT!"

My cock easily found her wetted pussy and slipped in just a bit in the first stoke. I bit into her neck with my savagely pent-up lust and I withdrew to start again.

"Patrick...no...the condom...I'm not ready...not like this..."

Her scream was exquisite as I impaled her to her depths in one quick stroke. I saw a tear in her eye as the animal in my soul took over and I began to pound myself into her body with a fury. It wasn't even a minute that I was enjoying her body when I felt the first tingle in my balls. I slowed down just enough to be able to think for a moment.

"Patrick...no...don't come in me...no...stop.."

That did it. 

I buried my cock into her body until I felt the tip nestle against the hard nub of her cervix and then I ground it into her, trying to get in even deeper.

"Unnhhhh...nooooo....Patrickkkk...."

Melissa exploded with a fury of her own and she bucked under me like a wild mare...I thought she was trying to get me off of her, trying to get me out of her body before it was too late.

Her legs spread wide right as my cock swelled up and spewed my pent-up seed deep into her wonderful belly. I couldn't stop humping her, even for a moment, as more and more of my seed poured into her body.

Completely spent and covered in sweat, I collapsed on top of her. A part of me wondered how mad she was going to be at me for not stopping when she told me to. I set the thought aside and decided to enjoy these last few lingering moments with my softening, tired cock buried in her lovely body. 

Melissa surprised me a little when she lovingly wrapped her arms around me and held me tightly.

I heard her draw a deep breath...

"I told you I could get you to rape me!"