 I was lying in my bed, fantasizing as usual, when I came across this totally erotic scene in my head. When I sleep over my friend’s house I usually sleep in a sleeping bag on the floor. My friend, her name in the story is Monique, has those glow in the dark stars and planets all over her ceiling. Which lead me to thinking about sleeping outside under the stars, which somehow lead me to thinking of sex outside under a blanket of stars. I don’t know why, I’m a pervert, whatever. Anyway, this was my inspiration for the story, glow in the dark stars and a sleeping bag, enjoy.

“Monique! Where the hell did you hide the sleeping bag?” I yelled, looking through the messy hall closet.

“It’s in there, damn Mel calm down!” 

“Shut up, I found it,” I said, picking the sleeping bag out of the mess and walking back into Monique’s room. 

Monique was wearing her usual, silk pajama shorts and a silk tank top in break-your heart-tart red. Her breasts pointed out, almost pouting with her nipples poking through the smooth material. Her black hair was pulled up into a sloppy bun and little curls fell around her face. She had long, smooth, tanned legs that were thin and delicate looking. The skimpy shorts were slung low on her hips, exposing her lower abdomen and her belly button, the scanty tank top skirting high on her stomach. Perfect, was all I could think, she’s perfect. I looked at my reflection in the mirror, my oversized T-shirt hid most of my figure, or what there was of it. The hem hung down low over mid thigh and my skimpy little Victoria’s Secret panties with a delicate feather pattern weren’t visible. What there is of my figure is long legs, much too long and too toned, too athletic to be sexy. Large hips, an ass like a shelf, and abs that were too defined. My breasts are too full and are often in the way and look like if I stood up straight I should fall forward. Dark red hair that framed a white and freckled face, dark blue eyes that are plain and a bottom lip that’s too full. I’m not like Monique, in a word she’s desirable. In a word, I’m awkward.

“A shot for the birthday girl!” Monique chirped cheerfully.

“A shot? There better be more,” I said with a laugh and tossed back the shot. The liquid burned my throat and left a cinnamon after taste in my mouth. “More.”

“Drunk,” Monique accused with a laugh.

“I won’t deny it,” I said and poured myself another. There was a knock at the door and I hid the shot glass, no one should be home. 

“Relax, it’s me,” Monique’s older, and might I say hot, brother said, stepping in the room with a brown paper bag in his hand. “Hey Birthday girl,” Shawn said and beamed his radiant smile at me. “Got you a present.” His green eyes sparkled wickedly. He had shaggy black hair, an angular face, and a nice toned body. God, I thought. 

“Oh, thanks,” I said. Awkward, yeah that’s me, can’t even look at an attractive guy without getting all flustered. I’ve had sex before, I’m not inexperienced, but I’m not Monique. No, Monique is what you’d call a sex connoisseur. I’ve had sex a whopping six times, but I’m used to masturbation. I started early, learning my body’s wants and needs, so I pretty much ruined it for any other guy. 

“Here,” Shawn said, handing me the brown bag, snatching my hand, and pulling me into his arms. He laid his lips on mine, sucked my bottom lip between his and nibbled. I melted…

“Happy Birthday,” he said with a grin. He slapped his hand against my ass with an audible ‘crack’, and broke the embrace. “We’ll finish those spankings later when Monique’s snorin’.”

“Stop hitting on my friends you little slut,” Monique said and threw a pillow at her brother.

Shawn didn’t break eye contact with me until I looked at the floor and then at Monique. She wasn’t mad? I thought. Man….

“What is it you girls do in these all night chick rituals?” Shawn asked.

“Oh, you know, orgies, naked pillow fights, group masturbation,” Monique said with a wicked grin. “Right Mel?”

“We don’t!” I said prudishly. That sent Monqie and Shawn laughing hysterically, and with a final glance in my direction, Shawn left.

“Way to be a gaping fool Mel,” Monique said, shutting her door. 

“What?” I asked.

“Do you like him or something?” Monique asked, sitting on her bed and folding her elegant legs beneath her.

“No!” Alright, that’s a lie, but that’s between me and the little nagging voice in my head.

“Oooh,” Monique mocked, laughing. “Mel and Shawn, sitting in a tree, F-U-C-K-“

“Shut up,” I said, opening the bag and taking out the bottle. “Captain’s,” I murmured, “nice.”

“Mmm, very nice, let’s drink birthday girl, three more years and we won’t have to be hiding that shit like smuggled drugs.”

“Anyway,” I replied dryly, pouring two shots, “Happy Birthday me.”

After our brief but intimate love affair with Captain Morgan’s, Monique fell asleep, cuddled with the empty bottom nestled in her arms. The room tilted around me in a lovely way as I tried to focus on the light switch. After a few misses, I finally managed to flick it off and crawl blissfully into my sleeping bag. The glow in the dark stars on the ceiling were delightfully funny and I giggled foolishly. I closed my eyes, the liquor lulling me to sleep, and sighed contentedly. When I heard Monique’s door creek open, I looked up frantically and made a little startled noise at the light peering in.

“Just me,” Shawn whispered, slipping in the room.

“What?” I asked, my senses blurred. Did I fall asleep? Am I dreaming? My fantasies were coming to life, I thought drunkenly. 

“Shhh, quiet,” Shawn whispered, pulling the sleeping bag open. “I want to see you.”

All I could do was stare, thoughts escaped my intoxicated mind. I just gaped at him while he unzipped the sleeping bag and ran his fingers under the hem of my shirt. He slid it up slowly, skimming his hands over my abs and the my breasts, taking his time to rub his thumbs over my aching nipples. My breath caught in my throat, and I just stared at him. He pulled my shirt off and filled his hands with my chest, smiling at the choked sounds that escaped my throat. “I’ve wanted to do this for so long,” he said, and then he pinched both my nipples tight between his thumb and index fingers. Pleasure exploded in my brain and rushed through my system. My tits and nipples tingled, waiting, yearning, anticipating. He continued the rolling rhythm and watched me with a smug grin on his face. 

“P-please,” I managed. Monique was there, she could wake up, I thought. But he didn’t understand, or he understood what my body was saying and not my mind. He cupped my left breast with his hand and then flicked his hot tongue over my right breast, lapping at my nipple. My pussy throbbed, pain and pleasure and heat, so much heat. He scraped his teeth over the sensitive and puckered flesh, then bit down, just enough for pain to register and then burst into pleasure. I moaned deep in my throat and my hips lifted instinctively to rub against his rock hard cock. I slid my fingers into his hair, to do something. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to push him away or help him latch on. He did wicked things to my nipple with his tongue, and then turn his attention to my other breast. I pushed his head up, this was my friend’s brother, fantasy is one thing, reality is another. That’s a line I don’t cross.

“Don’t even try it,” Shawn said, grasping my wrists and holding them above my head. He held them down with one hand and rubbed my dripping clit through my panties. I saw stars, I thought I was going to cum then and there. “The more you fight me, the more we’ll both like it,” he said when I struggled. “And we both know you want this.”

“Monique,” I said weakly.

"Is sleeping Melinda," he finished for me, sucking at my nipple while he slipped his index finger inside my panties and into my clit. "Mel," he said, nuzzling my breasts, "why ‘Mel' and not Melinda?"

"W-what?" I asked, confused.

He looked up, neglecting my breasts, "Why," he said flicking my clit with his finger, "do you go by ‘Mel'?" he continued flicking after every word. I clenched my cunt tightly, as if trying to grab his teasing finger and keep it there.

"It's just a nickname.." I trailed off.

"I don't think I like it," he said, concentrating on the slow rhythm his finger was making around my throbbing clit. "Melinda is so much better, it suits you better."

"Too feminine," I said, lifting my head to bite then lick his ear lobe. All I cared about now was pleasure, screw Monique, screw the fact that this was wrong, all I want is more.

"Too feminine?" he lifted his head up and stopped moving his finger. I let out a little whimper. "You don't think you're feminine?"

"I know I'm not, Shawn I want your cock," I replied pulling his head back down. "Now."

"Wench," he said with a laugh. He rubbed his rock hard cock against my dripping pussy teasingly. "Greedy."

"Shut up," I said, lifting my hips trying to find what I needed. "Please."

"Soon, soon," he murmured, cupping my knees and lifting them so my legs bent, he pushed my ankles tightly against my ass and slid into me, slowly. Heat, pleasure, aching, it all hit me at once. I grasped his shoulders and rose to meet his thrusts. His cock pistoned in and out and I felt my pussy oozing more and more. I cried out, rising faster to meet his hard cock as his thrusts got harder and harder. He covered my mouth with his, to smother any cries, his tongue darting into my mouth, mating with my tongue. His hand slid down my body, and plucked at my clit, pinching, teasing. He pulled out his cock, it stood out straight, and flipped me over with a growl. He plunged into me and I pressed my ass back to meet him. He reached his arms around, one hand grabbing my tit the other cupping my drenched pussy and teasing me. I shoved my face in my pillow to stifle my moans and cries of pleasure. I felt his cock stiffen inside me, jerk, and felt his hot cum shoot into me. My pussy clenched, milked, and an orgasm ripped through me, curling my toes and left me to collapse on my sleeping bag as he fell on top of me. 

I was breathing like I had run in a marathon, my face shoved in my pillow, sweat covering my body, my hair plastered to my neck and cheeks. I could feel his now limp cock in me, his forehead against the back of my neck as he heaved his breath in and out. I clenched the walls of my cunt, squeezing his cock. He let out a little chuckle, pulled out of me and slapped my ass. I rolled over and grinned up at him. 

"Thank you," I said.

"For what?" 

"My birthday present."