 Melanie flicked her blonde hair back over her shoulder and pulled her suitcase out of the airport departure lounge. She had just flown in from London Gatwick to join her old school friend Fiona on a week's holiday in the Spanish island of Majorca.

The sun shone down warmly as she waited in the queue for a taxi and she took off her thin jacket. This pretty lady stood out with her long blonde hair and tall elegant figure, and, at 35, still had the best pair of legs the watching airport staff had seen all week. Her decision to come on holiday for a week had, in fact, been a belated one, but, she had been desperate to have a break from her husband after weeks of squabbling and bickering. She couldn't take it any longer and simply had to get away. Fiona, had suggested the idea of joining her in Majorca and Melanie had jumped at the chance. She hadn't seen her friend for nearly a year since the younger woman had moved to Edinburgh to take up a post in a firm of Accountants. 

Within an hour, Melanie was walking into her hotel in Palma Nova and there was Fiona, all smiles to meet her. She had arrived the previous day on her flight from Edinburgh Airport. The two girls had lots to talk about and were soon engrossed in conversation over a drink in the hotel lounge. Melanie brought her up to date over her marriage difficulties and Fiona listened attentively. 

"The trouble is he doesn't seem to trust me. He won't let me go out on my own and has even taken to meeting me after work to chaperone me. I found it suffocating and I just had to leave him and get some breathing space. Even then, he kept calling me or coming round to see if I was all right." 

"It sounds like he needs some professional help" observed Fiona.

Melanie started to talk again, but, noticed Fiona's attention was elsewhere. "Some of the waiter's here are gorgeous," she whispered. "Just look at that one over there."

Melanie had a sly look in the direction Fiona was facing. A dark haired handsome young man was collecting glasses from some tables. "A bit young for you isn't he?" She said.

"Not at all," replied Fiona, "I mean it's not as if I want to marry him or anything, I just want his body for the week."

Melanie was shocked. "I thought you were in a stable relationship with Jeremy somebody or other."

"And so I am," dear friend. "But, I'm on holiday this week and I intend to enjoy myself."

Melanie opened her mouth to give her some advice, but, Fiona was not listening.

"Waiter," she shouted to the man she had been looking at. When he came, she smiled sweetly and ordered another couple of drinks. He smoothly wheeled away to go to the bar. Fiona promptly tucked up her skirt to show a generous expanse of thigh. "I find if you show them some leg, they get interested straightaway."

When the boy came back with the drinks, he had a good look at Fiona's long legs on display. In fact, he nearly stumbled with his tray. Fiona giggled, when he finally left their table. "I think I've hooked one" she hissed, "I'll reel him in later."

"You're terrible" smiled Melanie. "I see I'm going to have a lot of trouble with you this week."

Later, after the girls went to their rooms for a shower and a change of clothing, they met again and went for a walk down by the sea. "It's a nice beach" observed Melanie. "I'd like to do some sunbathing down here, so, I've brought a few books to read."

"And we'll go out dancing in the evenings. I know how you like to do that," added Fiona. "Maybe pick up a couple of nice looking men."

"Do you mind," cried Melanie. "I've got enough problems at the moment without complicating my life."

"Look, it doesn't have to be complicated," retorted her friend. "Just have fun."

"I'm not like you, Fiona. I can't do that sort of thing."

"Well don't preach to me if I stray off the straight and narrow this week, will you?" 

They made their way to a street of shops and Fiona mentioned that she needed to go to the bank. 

Melanie arranged to meet her back at the hotel and leisurely meandered along the shop fronts, occasionally going in to one to see what was inside. It was warm and sunny and she felt better than she had for weeks.

Denis and his friends had just come out of a café and were about to walk back to their apartment, when he spotted a lovely blonde woman across the street. "I'll meet up with you later," he told them. "I'm just going to check out this blonde" They laughed and walked on shaking their heads and grinning. Denis's fixation with older women was a joke they all shared. They knew he wouldn't get anywhere with her. They'd seen it all before.

Dennis walked across the road and gasped as he realised that the sun was allowing him to see the silhouette of her legs through her thin white dress. He stood transfixed, as he watched the display. He considered himself a bit of an expert on woman's legs and didn't like them too sturdy or too thin. He liked them...well...perfect! just like the ones he was looking at.

This particular mature blonde looked to be in her mid-thirties and moved so elegantly and looked so beautiful, he was just captivated. She was the kind of woman he fantasised about all the time. In no hurry, he followed her until the sun was no longer shining through her dress.

Hovering next to her, and, ever hopeful, he swallowed hard and tried to build up some courage. He just had to try and get to know her.

As she paused outside one shop looking at postcards, Melanie became aware of a young man standing near. "Are you here on holiday?" He asked.

"Yes" said Melanie after a while.

"Where are you from, then, in the UK?" He asked.

"I live in London," she replied, trying to move on. He followed her and she could see he had some friends watching from across the road. There was a small group of 3 other boys, who looked about 18 or 19.

She didn't want to be rude to the young lad, but, she didn't want to encourage him either.

"I'm Denis," he told her. "What's your name?"

"Are you trying to chat me up?" She asked, amiably.

He went bright red and she wished she hadn't been so forthright. She knew young men could be easily embarrassed.

"Well, it was just...that you are so very pretty," he mumbled.

"Look" she said, "I'm sure there are lots of young girls on holiday this week who would love to meet a nice young man like you. As it happens, I'm almost old enough to be your mother."

"My mum doesn't look anything like you," he sighed. "I mean she's lovely and everything, don't get me wrong but..."

"I'll take that as a complement," said Melanie cutting him off, "but, you get my general drift... Now if you don't mind I have to be going."

Unfortunately, the boy insisted on walking with her back to her Hotel, trying his best to be friendly and chatty."

She breathed a sigh of relief when they finally reached the Hotel entrance.

"Would you go out with me?" He asked. "Like on a date?"

"What" said Melanie, frowning, "didn't you listen to what I just told you?"

"I like older women," he said hopefully, "and I'm 19, just gone."

"It's out of the question," said Melanie firmly and walked away from him into the hotel. She was smiling as she left him standing there. He was harmless enough and it had been quite amusing being pursued by a teenager at her age. It had been quite flattering in fact.

A couple of days went by and Melanie had so far had a very relaxing time, sitting by the swimming pool, reading, or sunbathing on the beach in front of the hotel. Every time she looked up she could count on seeing Denis in the vicinity, trying very hard not to intrude on her privacy. "He's very sweet," she told Fiona, "but, I do wish he'd just go with his pals and get on with his holiday." 

As she went through the lounge later, she saw Fiona talking to the Spanish waiter she fancied. He was standing very close to her and they were so engrossed, they didn't see Melanie walk past.

Melanie rolled her eyes as she made for the lift. As she waited for it to arrive at the ground floor, she shrugged her shoulders. If Fiona wanted to flirt with handsome young Spaniards, that was up to her.

She went back to her room and had a luxurious bath. Later, as she came out of her bathroom she heard a noise from Fiona's room next door. The walls were fairly thin and she heard what seemed to be a couple having sex.

"Oh God, yes...fuck me, Antonio..." 

She recognised Fiona's voice. The bed head from next door was banging in a steady rhythm against the party wall, as he plundered her willing body. Then a shriek of delight soon followed.

Fiona was getting fucked by her Spanish waiter. There was no doubt about that. On and on it went for quite some time before it became quiet next door. While it had gone on, Melanie tried to read a magazine, then opted for her headphones. 

She had also wandered onto her balcony, but, there was no escaping the noises from the next room. Glancing over to the street she had been astonished to see young Denis looking up at the hotel. He spotted her and waved. She automatically waved back and immediately regretted doing so. How long had he been there? Was he just waiting to see her? She shook her head in amazement. The boy was quite mad. He had been stalking her off and on for a couple of days now without being anything of a nuisance. She decided to go back into her room, so as not to encourage him.

Not long after, there was a gentle tap on her door. It was Fiona and her face was flushed with the aftermath of sex.

"Oh my dear, what an hour I've just had," she enthused.

"Yes, I heard," grumbled Melanie. "Oh Antonio, fuck me, Antonio" she said imitating Fiona's voice.

"Well it was terrific," said Fiona ignoring Melanie's cattiness "and he's hot for me. He's coming back tonight."

"I thought we were going dancing," complained Melanie.

"We've got plenty of time for that. He's working until about 11.00 p.m. anyway. Oh and I forgot to tell you, one of the other waiters fancies you and wants to meet you."

"No thanks," said Melanie, "I don't want any one night stands."

Just then, there was a knock on the door. Melanie looked puzzled. "Who can that be?"

She opened the door to find Denis standing there with a small bunch of flowers. "I wanted to give you these," he stuttered nervously. 

"How did you know where my room was?" She asked accusingly. 

"Oh, I worked it out when I saw you waving from your balcony."

She took the flowers offered. "Well, thank you, Denis, but, what I told you before still stands."

"You still haven't told me your name," he pleaded.

"I don't think that would be ..."

"It's Melanie," interjected Fiona, her arms folded and smiling at the intriguing encounter she was witnessing.

Melanie turned and glared at her.

"What about a friendly drink?" Denis asked. He wasn't going to give up easily.

Melanie sighed with exasperation. "Where are your friends?"

"Oh, I just meant you and me," he replied.

"Come on Melanie, be nice," said Fiona grinning happily at Melanie's embarrassment. "One drink wouldn't hurt you."

Melanie narrowed her eyes in Fiona's direction. Then looked at the flowers she was holding and softened a little.

"Alright," she conceded to Denis's obvious delight. "I'll meet you downstairs for one drink. Then you have to promise to stop pursuing me."

When she closed the door she turned on Fiona. "Oh thank you very much." She said. "I'm trying to brush him off and you are encouraging him."

"But, he's so sweet," enthused Fiona. "That's what you said isn't it? Anyway, how old is he?"

"That's just it," spat Melanie. "He's only 19. Can you believe it 19? And before you ask, he came up to me outside the shops and tried to get friendly. Then he actually asked me out," she said shaking her head at the effrontery of it.

"And what did you say?"

"I said NO of course, as you should know very well."

"Well it's no good blaming me," said Fiona "you're the one whose been encouraging him."

"I have NOT," protested Melanie.

"You waved at him from the balcony," smirked Fiona. "I have got that right, haven't I?"

Melanie grabbed her bag and prepared to leave. She went to the mirror to check her make-up. 

"That's it," said Fiona, wickedly, "make sure you look good for him." Then she beat a hasty retreat as Melanie started after her. "Remember to show a lot of leg," laughed Fiona as she disappeared into her room. 

Despite herself, Melanie couldn't help smiling as she headed for the lift.

Denis looked up in awe as Melanie's long elegant legs strode into the lounge bar, she was a really beautiful woman and he couldn't get her out of his thoughts. He stood up with a large bulge in his trousers and asked her what she wanted to drink. Melanie tried hard to suppress a giggle. She could see that he was embarrassed about it, but, said nothing. Instead, she picked up the drinks menu. "I don't drink alcohol," she muttered. "I'm allergic to it. It knocks me out." 

"Do you think these are just soft drinks?" She pointed to one which said "Caribbean Delight."

Just then the waiter came across. It wasn't Fiona's conquest, but an older guy. "This isn't alcoholic is it?" she pointed to the drink.

The waiter looked at the menu. His English wasn't as good as the other staff. He didn't understand the question, so he shook his head. Melanie interpreted this as the answer to her question. So they ordered their drinks. 

Denis tried hard to make pleasant conversation and Melanie tried to be pleasant. After all, she was on holiday and young Denis was just a young admirer. She should feel flattered instead of annoyed. She kept sipping her drink and saw that the sun had come out after a poor morning.

"I think I might go for a swim, later." she announced. 

Denis's mind raced; if he was quick, he could nip back and get his trunks and join her in the pool. That's if he was invited, of course.

She knocked back the rest of her drink and looked at him.

"Now look, Denis I..." She held her head in her hands. "Oh Gosh, I feel funny...maybe there WAS alcohol in my drink, it just knocks me out..." She got unsteadily to her feet...I must lie down I feel ..."

He helped her get to the lift. She was decidedly unsteady on her feet as she leaned on him for assistance.

As she pressed the button for her floor, she turned to him "Goodbye Denis, thanks for the ..."

The doors opened and she stepped unsteadily inside. She held out her palm to indicate she wanted to go up alone, so he let her go. Then the door closed. A minute passed and there were no signs of the lift moving. So, a worried Denis, pressed the up button. The doors slid open and there was Melanie slumped on the floor with her blonde hair covering her face. He got in the lift and pressed the control button for the 4th floor. He could see she had the room key in her hand so he gently prised it from her fingers. He was very concerned and wanted to get her back to her room as quickly as possible. Then, he might find her friend or get a doctor for her. "Are you O.K?" He kept asking her...

When the lift opened for her floor, the corridor was completely empty. So, he picked her up in a fireman's lift and walked down to her room. She wasn't as heavy as he thought and he managed quite easily. He could smell her perfume and feel the warmth from her body. Her skirt was right up at the back and he realised that she wasn't wearing stockings.

His erection was rock hard again, as he realised what a beauty she was. He opened her door, carried her across the room and gently laid her down on her bed. Then, he went back to close the door. Crossing back to her, he saw that her face was flushed, and that she was still unconsciousness. Denis had an irresistible urge to bend over and kiss her, so he did. Then he did it again.

Then he looked at her skirt, it was still riding well up around her thighs. So, he pushed it up even further.

He stared at her legs and with a trembling hand reached out and very gently touched them. Her skin was silky smooth. "Oh man," he groaned. He checked back to her face. She seemed oblivious as to what was happening. He licked his dry lips, what should he do? He just wanted to strip her naked and make love to her, but that would probably land him in serious trouble. She was a mature older woman, not some teenage scrubber.

Melanie risked a quick look through half closed eyes. Her little ploy had worked just fine so far. She couldn't agree to go out with a boy 16 years younger than her, but, she wasn't averse to a little fun with him in her room. It had been a good way to get him into her bed without the usual tiresome preliminaries. Fiona had set her an example and she didn't want to miss out on her share of sex. She had been here for a day or two and no one else had attracted her. But, Denis was so cute and yes, young. So what! And did that matter when he obviously fancied her very strongly. If only he would just get on with it.

She moaned and bent her knees. Then she moved her legs apart. This time his eyes popped as he got to see her sexy pink panties. Melanie kept her legs in a provocative position to tempt him. 

She thought he was actually going to chicken out, but, his hand moving slowly up her thighs, told her otherwise. Soon the back of his knuckles were grazing up against the thin material of her panties. "That's more like it, Dennis," she thought, excitedly. 

She could hear him breathing, as her own heart pounded hard in her chest. She felt the same raw excitement as she always did with a new young conquest. Dennis fumbled for the zip on her skirt and she was aware of it being tugged down. Soon after, she felt her skirt being eased off her hips and dragged away. The boy was excelling himself. Then, he was fumbling with the buttons on her blouse and she risked a sly look to see it being drawn aside to reveal her pink bra. She heard his low whistle of approval as he stared at her ample breasts. Then he bent forward to kiss her cleavage.

As his hand slid up her silky thighs again, she decided to come out of her pretended unconsciousness. Her soft moans signalled that she was drowsily coming round. Her blue eyes settled on his.

"Oh where am, I" she murmured..."Oh it's you Denis. And I flaked out, downstairs didn't I. There must have been some alcohol in that drink." Then she looked down at herself and noticed she wasn't wearing a skirt. "Were you giving me a massage? Well don't stop, it's nice."

Denis watched all this with his mouth open. He half expected to be thrown out and the Police called to arrest him. 

But she was smiling at him and being very nice, even though he had removed her skirt. Eventually, the message got through to his brain. She was half naked and making no attempt to move off the bed. She didn't seem to mind him feeling her legs. But he was still paralysed like a rabbit caught in the headlights.

She shook her head at him and smiled. "Come here and kiss me," she said softly, and, like a robot, he obeyed.

The kiss lasted a long time and Denis only broke away, because, he wanted to do other things. He started to kiss her on the thighs and run his hands up to her panties again. She never flinched, not even when he gripped the elastic and tugged them over her hips. Oh my God' thought Denis. I hope I'm not dreaming this. 

Melanie leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm still feeling a bit groggy," she admitted. "I need to go to bed, now." 

She sat up on the bed and completed her disrobing. Then, completely naked, she got under the cotton sheet. 

Denis stood and watched the erotic display. She had a great body and he wanted her, so badly. But, he was unsure as to whether he should go or stay. Then, her hand came up from under the sheet and her finger beckoned to him. Denis couldn't get out of his clothes quickly enough. Melanie peeped at his impressive cock, fully erect and ready to pleasure her. She sighed happily, as he crept naked under the sheet to join her. They were going to have a lot of fun together, she was sure of that.
