 I think about this random night often and miss the intensity, the excitement, and the fear of being so vulnerable.

I met Ben on a usual creepy hookup site. I wasn't looking for anything serious but was looking for something specific. I had talked to a few guys before finding Ben but knew that he was the perfect guy for what I had in mind.

Of course I had to play a little hard to get to reel him in and I received all of the familiar game lines. He told me that I was pretty and how it was a shame that I wasn't with anyone, and that he would be so lucky to have me. 

Everything was working out so well and my excitement in explaining to Ben had to be planned out for the perfect moment. I thought that he would be agreeable but had to be careful not to scare him off. In this day and age such a request can instill fear in a man with the "What if's?"

The conversation was so awkward at first. I was very apprehensive in explaining to Ben what I wanted and I worried about what he would think. So to begin I gave him brief details. I went on to tell Ben how I imagined him slipping into my home, coming up to my bedroom, and fucking me while being completely vulnerable to him. 

By his immediate reaction I could tell that he was intrigued but unsure. So, I had to be a little persuasive in ensuring that he knew that I really truly wanted this. To be completely vulnerable to him, his touch, his need, and his every desire. I wanted to be used like his own personal fuck toy.

After a few conversations with Ben, I took a deep breath, and decided that I would finally invite him over. We had touched base on what I really wanted him to do to me and soon the excitement overtook the fear. 

We had planned for him to come over late at night past "normal" hours. I instructed him to pull his car to the back of the driveway and that I'd leave the back door unlocked. All he needed to do was come in, walk up the stairs, make his way through the kitchen, and into my dark bedroom where I'd be waiting, asleep. And, he agreed.

When the night finally came I had a difficult time getting to sleep as I was to excited. To help me relax I took a couple of Ativan followed by some Smirnoff Vodka. I unlocked the back door, put on my satin nighty, and blissfully passed out in my warm bed. Everything from there is spotty and contains some of the best late night memories I have ever encountered.

I first felt his rough hands on my skin, they were cold and dry. His voice sounded so far away as he harshly whispered my name "Melanie." At that moment it didn't seem plausible that he was actually touching me. But he was. 

His hands were touching my waist and roaming over my hips but I couldnt move or even open my eyes. I was glued in place to my bed and all I could do was feel. 

There was power behind his hands and I could feel it resonate through my body like electricity. But I couldn't even muffle out an enjoyable moan. It was as though my mouth had been wired shut. Then I felt the darkness coming back, I tried to hold on, but was out again and I'm not sure for how long. 

When I came to, my eyes was blurred and I was flipped over onto my stomach. Ben had 3 fingers shoved deep inside of me. My pussy and thighs were soaking wet. 

I wanted to yell out "Fuck me, take me, use me... do anything you want." But the Ativan with the Smirnoff had turned me into a mute and I was only screaming in my mind.

Every part of me was turned on. Even the air in the room stimulated my nipples as his cock thrust in and out of my sloppy wet pussy. I can vaguely remember hearing the "squish, squish" with each thrust into me. Once again I succumbed to the darkness and things continued to get more blurry.

I came to barely uttering a "Yes" but I was still on my stomach with my hips pulled into the air. Then I felt something hot. No, on fire! He was forcing himself into my ass, spreading me wider. I could feel every inch of his cock entering my tight asshole as he forced me to open wide for him, his palms on my asscheeks. 

I couldn't resist him nor would I even if the Ativan and Vodka hadn't paralyzed me at this point. The pain of his large cock soon subsided and the pleasure I felt was a first for me. I didnt want him to stop, ever.

I felt him lean over me and put his hand on the back of my neck. His words were muffled as my mind spun from the sleep concoction that I had taken. Random words were forced into my ears, "whore, pretty, cumslut.." The last word I remember him uttering... 'cumdumpster' before going into the darkness once more. 

Some time must have passed until I felt him pressing his cock against my lips telling me to "Be a good girl and taste it."

I struggled to open my eyes and my tits were red and hot, my nipples were hard, and standing at full attention. He put his hand on my chin and pulled my mouth open. I managed to slide my tongue forward but couldn't even close it around his hardness. He told me I was cute like that and to leave my mouth hang open while he slammed into my throat.

I remember the force of my tits bouncing back and forth and feeling like I was melting into the bed with each hard thrust. He used all of my holes that night and left a reminder with cum dripping from each. 

When he was finished with me he pulled my blanket over me and tucked me in before slipping out the backdoor as if it were all a dream. Maybe it was a dream but it was one of the best ones I have ever had.