 Monday

When I got home from work the next day, I changed from my conservative office wear into short shorts, and a short T-shirt, which exposed my belly. After dinner with my parents I went over to Stacy's. I wanted to see how she liked her shaved beaver. Her dad was cooking hamburgers on the grill in the back yard. Matt wasn't around, but probably in the house somewhere. Her mom invited me to have dinner with them, but since I had just eaten I declined. When the burgers were ready they all sat down around the picnic table.

"Matt dinner's ready, come on down." Yelled his mom.

"Be right there." Matt said from somewhere in the house.

"Stacy call me when you're done. See you guys later." Then I walked into kitchen through the back door, on my way to the front door. Matt was just coming down the stairs. 

"Hey Melissa, how's it going?" 

"Its going right out the front door back to my house." I replied.

"Why don't you flash me like you did this weekend? Just a quick peek before dinner"

"Cause its no fun teasing a guy once he's had you. Besides how could you face your family with a raging hard on?" I could see a bulge already in his shorts.

"Alright see ya later." He turned and walked into the kitchen. I was almost out the front door when I turned.

"Matt wait up a second." I don't know what possessed me, but I followed him into the kitchen. He was standing there, looking at me, almost at the back door.

"Let me help you out with your little problem." I said. I took his hand, led him over to the counter. Pushing him against the counter I leaned into him, kissing him. Reaching down I rubbed his hard on through his shorts.

"What are you doing? We can't do this here." He protested. 

"Shh." I replied, while kissing him again. I unsnapped his shorts, pulled the zipper down, then reach into his underwear, grabbing his cock. I squeezed it a few times before beginning to stroke it. He pushed me away.

"We can't." He said. Staring directly into his eyes I slowly dropped to my knees. With my face now at cock level I pulled his shorts down, then his underwear. 

"I'm not going until the little problem is resolved." Still stroking his cock I leaned forward and kissed it. I ran my tongue around his swollen head, while looking up at him. He was staring at me, his eyes wide open, his mouth wide open. I sucked his head into my mouth, he closed his eyes and leaned back against the counter. Stroking his shaft with one hand, sucking his cock head, I grabbed his balls with my free hand, fondling them. I sucked more of his cock into my mouth, then started to bob up and down on it. His hips started to move, fucking my face. I let go of his balls and reached around to his ass. I ran my hand all over his ass then pulled him closer to me. My nose was deep into his pubic area, some of his hairs tickling my nose just a little. I continued to bob on his cock, stroking it with one hand, feeling his ass with my other. His cock started to swell even more, his movements a bit more jerky. I pulled my hand back from his ass, and grabbed his balls again. His first shot of cum surprised me a bit, but I took it all. I squeezed his balls as his second and third shots filled my mouth. He had one more small squirt of cum, then he stopped. I pulled off his cock and swallowed all his cum. I continued to stroke him slowly as his cock began to shrink. Some cum oozed from his tip, I licked it up, then kissed his cock one last time before releasing it.

"er, thanks I think." He said.

"No problem, my pleasure."

"Matt are you coming? Dinner is getting cold." Shouted Matt's mother from the back yard.

"Yeah I'm coming." Matt replied, pulling his underwear and shorts back up.

"Correction, you just came." I said as I walked into the living room, then out of the house.

A little while later Stacy called. I took her call in my room.

"I can't believe how great my pussy feels all smooth." She said. "All day long the sensation of my panties on my bare pussy were driving me wild. I couldn't wait to get home."

My pussy had been tingling all day too with this new sensation. Then the encounter with Matt just further excited me.

"Why couldn't you wait to get home?" I asked, knowing she probably masturbated before dinner.

"I had to, er, well you know.."

"You couldn't wait to touch yourself, right?" I lay back on my bed, slipped my free hand into my shorts, into my panties. I ran my fingers slowly over my pussy.

"Well yeah. After all day I was so excited I barely touched myself before…" She trailed off. My fingers found my clit, started to rub it.

"Before you came?" I asked.

"Yeah. And it was so intense." I lightly pinched my clit between my fingers. I was beginning to get wet.

"I bet you're horny right now, aren't you?" I asked. 

"Yeah." 

"I want you to touch yourself. Tell me how smooth you are." I was rubbing my clit again. Stacy was silent. 

"Come on Stacy, tell me." Still no response from Stacy. I slipped a finger into my cunt, while rubbing my clit with my thumb.

"Stacy, take your hand and reach into your panties, and tell me what you feel." I slipped another finger into my cunt. My breathing was growing heavy.

"Are you touching yourself?" She asked. 

"Yeah and I can't believe how smooth and wonderful it feels. Hurry up or I'll be cumming without you." I was fucking myself with two fingers now. "Its your turn, touch yourself."

The line was silent for several seconds, just the sound of my own breathing.

"Oh yeah, its so smooth. It does feels wonderful."

"Stacy are you running your fingers back and forth, feeling how smooth I shaved you yesterday?"

"Yeah, you did a great job. I can't believe how good it feels."

"Stacy find your clit, and rub it for me, would ya girl?" The line went silent again, but I thought I heard her breathing a little heavier now.

"How does that feel?" I asked while continuing to finger fuck myself. My whole pussy was now tingling with excitement. I slowly increased the speed of my fucking.

"Yeah that feels good, I like that." She finally said. 

"Stacy I've got two fingers in me right now, fucking myself silly." 

"Ok I just stuck a couple of fingers me too, and now I'm fucking my bare pussy." She said. "Oh my God this feels so good."

"Did you like when I sucked your pussy yesterday?" I asked. My hips were moving in time with my fingers.

"Yeah." She moaned.

"I can't wait to suck it again. Do you want me to suck it again?" An orgasm was beginning to build.

"Yeah."

"Say it, tell me you want me to suck your pussy again."

"Yes I want you to suck me again, to run your tongue all over my bare pussy. I want you to suck me right now."

That did it. My pussy exploded in a giant orgasm. My pussy clenched tight around my fingers as my hips bucked wildly. 

"Oh" I moaned as the orgasm gripped my entire body. Slowly it subsided, and I pulled my soaking hand from my panties.

"Stacy you just made me cum. My panties are soaking with juices just for you." I licked my soaked fingers.

"If I could I would run right over there, pull your panties down, kiss all over your shaved pussy, then suck your clit. I would drive you wild." I continued. I could hear her moaning, breathing heavy. She had to be getting close to her own orgasm. 

"Yeah Stacy I would suck on your clit, while fucking you with my fingers. My erect nipples would be rubbing on your thighs, my tongue working your clit, my fingers pounding into your pussy."

"Oh yeah…. oh my God." She moaned. Her breathing was heavier and irregular now.

"I'd keep sucking that beautiful clit of yours, and I'd reach up to play with your little nipples, rubbing and pinching them."

"Oh yeah" she moaned, this time much louder than before. The line went silent again. She moaned, then again. One last moan and she started breathing again.

After about of minute of listening to her breathing she spoke.

"Oh my God Melissa, that was intense. What have you done to me? You're such a little slut."

"You don't the half of it." I replied.

"What? What do you mean by that?"

"I have to go, I have a little mess in my panties to clean up. And I suspect you do to. Talk to you tomorrow."

"Bye." She said as I hung up.

I cleaned up, got dressed with a fresh pair of panties, went down stairs. I watched TV for a little bit with my parents, but I was still excited. Billy was working second shift this week so I wasn't going to be seeing him much. It was just about 9pm when I decided to visit Bart's Place, a bar down the street, see what was happening there. I went to my room and changed into a red thong, black mini skirt, white lace bra, and a white blouse. I told my parent I was going to meet some friends from work, and I drove to the bar. It was a small place, done mostly in a dark wood, a neighborhood bar. There were about 15 people in the place, mostly guys. When I walked in most of the guys turned to look me over. I sat at the bar and ordered a drink. 

Before I had taken a second sip of my drink two guys had approached me. I invited them to sit down, one on either side of me. We shot the shit for a bit, they kept my glass full. I feeling a bit tipsy, when they started touching me. First it was just a touch on my arm, then my shoulders. One guy massaged my neck for a bit. At one point I leaned onto the guy on my left, the cuter of the two, and he grabbed my right tit. He rubbed it over my blouse and bra, but I'm sure he could feel my nipple poking through. When I sat back up he stopped, but then his hand was around my back. It wasn't long before his hand slipped down to my ass. The guy on my right slipped his hand onto my thigh. He slowly stroked my thigh, back and forth, slowly getting higher on my leg. Soon his hand was beginning to go under my skirt. I leaned into the guy on my left again and this time his hand found its way under my blouse, then under my bra. He was rubbing my nipple, squeezing it lightly, and sending small waves of pleasure though my body. My pussy was beginning to get damp. The hand on my leg was now moving up, all the way to my crotch. A finger traced the edge of my thong up and down. Here I was in a bar drinking, getting felt up by two guys and I couldn't even remember their names. Since we were sitting at the bar, our backs were to most to the people, so they couldn't see what was going on. The bartender came down our way once, saw what was happening and returned to the other end.

The finger running along my thong tried to slip into it. I spread my legs a little bit, and it slipped under the thong. The finger immediately found my clit, started rubbing it. My bra was now pushed up over both of my tits, and he was alternating between my nipples. I moaned, closed my eyes, resting my head on this guys shoulder, just enjoying the attention. The finger in my thong moved down to my cunt, and penetrated it slightly. I guess he couldn't really get too deep cause of the way we were sitting. But he started to finger fuck me the best he could. This was starting to feel real good, when suddenly there was a hand on my right shoulder.

"Hey Melissa, there you are, it time to get you home." I sat up straight, both hands pleasuring me pulled away. I knew that voice, but didn't immediately recognize it. The two guys turned around.

"What the fuck, leave us alone with our lady." Said one of the guys. I pulled my skirt down a little, then turned around. It was Randy, and several of his friends. 

"Melissa here is my sister, and it looks like she has had enough for tonight. I'm taking her home whether you like it or not. If you have a problem with that then lets step outside and me and my friends will take care of business."

Now Randy is a big muscular guy, he played football in high school. His friends were also pretty well built. My two ‘friends' realized they were out numbered by bigger stronger guys, they decided it would be best not to push the issue.

‘Fine, take the slut home." One of them said. Randy smacked the guy in the back of the head.

"You don't talk like that about my sister." Randy took my arm and pulled me off the barstool. I stood up, a bit wobbly from the alcohol. Randy pulled me close to him.

"Fix yourself would ya." I pulled my skirt rest of the way down and straighten it. Then I reach under my blouse and pulled my bra down over my tits.

"Alright lets go." Randy held me close as he escorted me out of the bar with his friends close behind. Randy brought me to his pickup truck.

"I'll drive you home. We'll pick up your car tomorrow." He opened the door and pushed me in. 

"See you guys tomorrow. Thanks for backing me up in there." He shut the door and started the truck. We drove in silence to my house. When he pulled up, he shut off the truck.

"What the fuck were you doing with those two guys?" He asked.

"I dunno. I'm just so horny, and I wanted to fuck. Billy isn't around, so what was I supposed to do?"

"I don't know but that wasn't it. Who knows what those guys would have done to you."

"They would have fucked me long and hard, just what I needed." 

"Jesus Christ." He whispered.

"Why did you call me your sister back there?" 

"So they wouldn't think I was taking you myself to fuck. Just a way of keeping the situation from getting totally out of control."

The alcohol had certainly eased any inhibitions I had. I looked over at Randy. He's a big strong guy, I bet he could fuck me long and hard I thought. Suddenly I had a wicked idea. I reached over, placed my hand on his thigh.

"I guess you're right, they could have hurt me or something. Thanks for saving me Randy." I moved my hand up higher on his thigh. He sat up straight and looked directly ahead.

"What about you Randy, you wouldn't hurt me, would you?" My hand was right up against his crotch, I fingers almost pressing on his cock through his jeans.

"Come on Randy, I still need to be fucked. If you do it at least I'll be safe." I was now rubbing his cock. He was getting a little uncomfortable and his cock was starting to harden. I moved over, leaning on him, continuing to rub his hardening cock. I kissed him on his neck, then unbuttoned his jeans. He didn't move. I had to use both hands to get the zipper down, and when I did I reached inside his pants. I grabbed his cock and slowly stroked it. 

"I want it, I know you want it. Let's go fuck somewhere. You know you've always wanted me. Well now is your chance, and it could be your only chance." I reached over with my free hand, took his left hand, guided it under my blouse, then under my bra to my tit.

"Randy, I want you and you want me." His fingers started to slowly circle my nipple. I nibbled on his ear.

"I want you badly." I whispered in his ear. "Yeah that's it, play with my nipple. You like my nipple don't you?" I pulled my skirt up, exposing almost all my thighs. I slouched down a bit, pulled my skirt up even higher. The streetlights provided enough light so he could see my thong.

"This is for you. My pussy is wet for you." I whispered. He looked down between my legs. I spread them slightly so he could see better. "I want your cock in me tonight." I nibbled some more on his ear. "I'm hot for you right now. Take me. I'm yours."

Randy pulled his hand my under my blouse. He started the truck and then pulled away from my house. I continued to stroke his cock while leaning into him, nibbling on his ear. With my free hand I reached down between my legs, under my panties, and started to rub my clit. 

"I really want you Randy. I want to feel that big cock deep inside me." My pussy was really wet now, I'm sure some of my juices were staining his truck seat. After what seemed like hours he pulled into the parking lot of the motel where everyone went to fuck. Actually it was just a couple miles down the road. It's the kind of place you can rent a room for a half-hour. Randy jumped out, fixed his jeans and went into the office. Two minutes later he was back and we drove down to the end of the motel. He got out and I followed. He took my hand and led me to our room. As he tried to unlock the door I was kissing his neck, unfastening his jeans and reaching in, grabbing his cock. He finally got the door opened and pulled me in. He turned on the light, pulled the curtains closed and returned to me. I pulled his T-shirt up over his head, exposing his muscular build. I leaned into his chest, rubbing both my hands all over him. I found his nipples and rubbed them lightly. 

He pushed me onto the bed. I moved to the center of the bed, leaning back on the pillows. I kicked off my shoes. He did the same then pulled off his jeans. He stood at the foot of the bed in only his briefs, his cock straining to get out. I slowly began to unbutton my blouse, starting at the top and working my way down. When all the buttons were undone, I opened the blouse, showing him my tits stuffed in the white lace bra. 

Randy crawled onto the bed, right between my legs. He pushed my legs apart, then pushed my skirt up, exposing my red thong.

"Nice. Very nice." He said as he stared at my crotch. He ran his hands up my thighs right to my pussy. With one hand he rubbed my pussy on top of the thong.

"Are you shaved? Oh very nice." He slipped a hand under my thong, rubbing all around my bare pussy. He grasped my thong on my hips, and started to pull it down. I lifted up my hips so it could slip away. He pulled it all the way down and off. 

"I've never had a shaved girl before. This is nice." He continued to admire my baldness while running his hand back and forth. 

"You are so smooth. This is great." He slipped a finger into my moist folds. I spread my legs a little wider. He pushed his finger in me. Since I was already so wet it slipped right in. He leaned down and kissed me just above my pussy. I could feel his tongue on my belly as he went back and forth, getting lower and lower. This sent shivers up my spine. Then his mouth was on my clit, I could feel his hot breath. His started licking me, flicking his tongue across my clit. He slipped another finger in me, started finger fucking me slowly. 

‘Do you like this bald pussy?"

He pulled away just long enough to answer. "Yeah this is beautiful." Then he went back to work on my clit.

"Do you want Stacy to shave her pussy too?"

"I would love that." He replied quickly before going down on me again.

"Well she is shaved now." She can't wait to show you." He stopped licking, looked up at me.

"What? How do you know?"

"Cause I shaved her yesterday."

"What? You shaved her? Really? Did she shave you?"

"No I shaved myself, but then I shaved her. And she looks and tastes beautiful."

"Tastes?"

"Yeah, after I got done I went down on her like you are doing to me now. And she enjoyed it."

‘Really? Wow."

"Yeah now get back to work." I grabbed his head and pulled it back down to my pussy. His tongue darted out and flicked my click again. I laid back on the pillows closed my eyes and just enjoyed his handy work. He licked and sucked my clit, while finger fucking me. By now he had three fingers in me. My orgasm was beginning to build. I pushed my bra above my tits and started to play with my nipples. Rubbing then, then squeezing then, then back to rubbing. I started pushing my hips up, trying to drive his face deep into my pussy. I pinched my nipples harder. Suddenly my orgasm hit me. My back arched as waves of pleasure swept over me. I moaned loudly as the orgasm gripped my body. I could feel my juices flowing out of me. When my orgasm subsided I just lay there trying to catch my breath. 

Randy pulled away from me, then stood up. He wiped some of my juices from his face, then dropped his briefs, his cock at full attention. His cock was by far the largest I've ever had, I couldn't wait to feel it in me.

"So she let you shave her, then she let you go down on her?"
