 Dear Readers: Thank you for waiting so patiently. Here is the latest chapter. As always, PLEASE vote, comment and/or send feedback. I hope you enjoy it...

--- 

Gabe and Rae were playing Uno after dinner one night when a knock came on the door. They looked at each other with a puzzled look. They hadn't ordered take-out, that was pretty much the only time anyone knocked. Raine walked slowly over to the door and took a look through her peep-hole. Her face paled when she saw the person on the other side. Another knock sounded. Rae sucked in a deep breath then opened the door.

"Stupid fucking Steve. I caught him banging Stacy," Morgan grumbled. Her friend just stormed in, not really paying attention. "The stupid bastard left me for her. Now they're Stacy and Steve. I mean really, Stacy and Steve, how corny does that sound? It's like all the parents that give all of their kids names that start with the same letter. Who does that??" She was pacing back and forth, her hair flipping around her shoulders with her jerky motions. "I'm way prettier than that stupid slut, so why..." her voice trailed off as she noticed Gabe sitting on Raine's sofa.

"Gabe? What are you doing here?" Morgan hurried to straighten her clothes and her hair. When no answer was forthcoming, she kept on talking. "Oh, I see. I knew you would realize you made a mistake when you dumped me. Now you're back, trying to find me. Well, if you expect me to take you back now, you might have to do some groveling."

Gabe coughed to try and hide his laughter. He could not remember what he had ever seen in this self-centered creature. He looked to Raine. Was she going to take this one, or would he have to tell her? Poor Rae looked like a deer in the headlights. Looks like he would be the one to break the news. 

"Well?" Morgan demanded. Gabe cleared his throat. In a way, it was going to be fun to put her in her place.

"Actually Morgan, I've already found who I was looking for," he told her. She looked confused for a moment, but then her gaze darted from Raine, to Gabe, and then back to Raine. Gabe could see realization dawn. 

"You have got to be fucking kidding me. Is this some sick joke? Well, I'm not laughing, and this is NOT funny. Rae, tell me what the fuck is going on right now!"

Raine's face paled. What was she supposed to tell her friend? That she had been fucking Gabe behind her back? That Gabe thought he was in love with her? That she might be in love with him? She didn't know what to say, or how to say it, so she said nothing. That only seemed to make Morgan even angrier. 

"So it's true, isn't it? You just had to go after my sloppy seconds didn't you Rae? They only go after you once they've had me. You've always been jealous of how the guys always flock to me while you feel invisible. Is this your way of getting back at me Rae? Does it make you feel better about yourself? I bet you started fucking him before we even left Guam." 

Morgan's verbal attack was well aimed; it hit Rae right where it hurt. What Morgan hadn't realized was that her attack ignited Raine's temper and stoked it to incendiary. Gabe saw the look in Rae's eyes and was glad he wasn't on the other end of her anger.

"You are such a fucking bitch Morgan. They go after you first because you dress like a slut. You need all the attention because you secretly feel like nobody loves you. I would rather feel invisible than be used and then thrown away." Morgan flinched, but Raine wasn't done yet. "You know what? I wanted Gabe when we first met on vacation. I never said anything because I knew he would want you. I watch you two together even though it felt like a knife sinking into my chest."

"Rae..." Gabe hated the hurt he heard in her voice. He wanted to wrap her up in his arms and shove Morgan out the door. 

"I'm the bitch Rae? If you weren't doing anything wrong, then why didn't you just tell me?"

"Because I knew you would act this way. You always make everything about you. Instead of being happy for me, I knew you would do exactly this. I never went to Gabe to tell him how I felt. I came back here to go back to my normal life, and HE is the one that came after ME. I didn't ask for my life to be turned upside down. I didn't ask to fall in love either. Stop being such a selfish slut."

Morgan's hand darted out and slapped Raine's cheek hard. The tears Raine had been holding back finally fell. Gabe would tolerate a lot from Morgan, but she had just crossed the line. He rose and walked straight over to her and grabbed her by the arm. He wasn't too gentle. 

"Ouch, Gabe, you're hurting me!"

"I'll hurt you more than this if you ever hurt Rae again." Gabe didn't like hurting women, but he would not tolerate anyone hurting his gentle gypsy. He did hope that it never came to that, but Morgan didn't need to know that. Roughly, he shoved her out of the apartment and locked the door behind her. 

He walked back to Rae and took her into his arms like he had wanted to. Her tears were already drying, but she still looked hurt. Gabe wanted nothing more than to take that sad look from her face. He pressed his lips softly to hers. She stayed still for a moment, but soon she was responding to his touch. With little effort, he scooped her up into his arms and carried her into her bedroom. 

Gabe laid her tenderly on the bed then slid in next to her. He rested on an elbow as he gazed at Raine. She was so damn beautiful; he was still kicking himself in the ass for wasting time with Morgan back in Guam. He should have gone after Rae first. The only thing that kept him from feeling like a complete dumbass was the fact that it hadn't taken him a while to realize he was making a huge mistake. He hoped that Raine would be willing to stick with him for the long haul now. He didn't think he could ever let her go.

Rae looked up at Gabe. She wasn't happy that her friend was angry with her, but Gabe was worth it. He may be infuriating, but he was everything she had wanted in a man. She wanted nothing more than to let him fuck her senseless. Purring, she pulled him off balance so he fell on top of her. Letting her hunger take over, she used her teeth to help tear his t-shirt off of him muscular torso. 

"Good thing I didn't like the shirt huh," he chuckled. Gabe grabbed Rae's shirt and popped every button in one smooth yank. She quickly pulled her arms out of the sleeves so it could be tossed to the floor. Gabe removed her bra before she could blink and it joined her top on the floor. She growled her displeasure when he left the bed, but she stifled it when she saw him stripping of the rest of his clothes. 

When Gabe returned he was naked from head to toe. Raine loved it. Her slim hands glided over the supple flesh of his back and down to his round ass. She gave it a good squeeze, eliciting a growl from him. He ground his throbbing erection against her pussy. It felt good except for the fact that her jeans were still in the way. She grumbled and hurried to unbutton them.

"Don't rip those jeans Baby," Gabe told her as he helped her shimmy out of them, "I like the way your ass looks in them."

"Oh really? I like my ass in your hands better." 

"Is that so?" He slid down her body and then took her ass in his hands. He lifted her hips up toward his mouth until he could inhale the sweet scent of her pussy. "Is this better?" Raine wiggled in his grasp, thrusting her hips up toward his mouth.

"Almost. Gabe, please," her eyes begged him. Why wasn't he just licking her pussy already?? Why did he have to torture her??

"Tell me what you want Rae," he demanded.

"You know what I want," she growled in frustration.

"Ah ah ah. You have to tell me Sweetheart."

"Fine. Lick me! Eat me out, nibble my clit, just quit teasing me!"

Those were the magic words. Gabe slid his tongue along her swollen flesh and drove his tongue into her wet pussy. She squealed out her pleasure and he double his efforts. He licked the puffy pink lips, nipped at her slit and lapped up her sticky sweet cum. He feasted on her cunt as she thrashed on the sheets beneath her. 

Oh fuck, Raine loved being eaten out, especially when Gabe was a master. His tongue speared into her hole, he knew just how to bite and rub her clit, and he left no part of her pussy untouched. When she thought the pleasure would tear her apart, he only held her hips tighter and licked her rougher. He groaned against her flesh and she lost it. Rae felt the tension in her body shatter and her spine bowed up from the bed. Her cum flooded onto Gabe's tongue and he swallowed it like a starving man. 

When her body stopped trembling, Raine pulled Gabe back up her body. She pulled his head down for a kiss and thrust her tongue into his mouth. The taste of her own cum on his lips thrilled her, made her feel naughty. She wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to coax his cock into her. He wasn't budging and he was far more powerful than she. 

"Come on Rae, I need to know what you want Baby."

"Damnit Gabe! Fuck me!!"

He rubbed his cock along her slit right before he shoved his cock all the way into her pussy until he reached her cervix. Sharp nails raked down Gabe's torso as he retreated then rammed his cock back into her. Damn, her wet pussy still hugged his shaft like one really tight glove. Her slippery cunt clung to his cock as he withdrew. She was so wet it was driving him wild with need. 

Rae looked up at Gabe. He was the most gorgeous guy she had ever seen. He looked downright edible when he bit his lip and groaned like that. His cock felt like warm steel as it ravaged her pussy and she loved it. 

"That's it Gabe, I'm getting close. Don't hold back Baby, harder Gabe."

He moaned and followed her instructions immediately. He pinned her wrists to the bed and settled more of his weight on top of her. His movements became more frenzied and erratic. His grip was almost bruising but he got no complaint from his pliant gypsy. Rae could tell he was getting close, and she felt that wonderful tension building up in her again too. Oh God, she was so close. A little more, a little more and she would be coming.

Gabe knew she was close, he wanted to feel her pussy gripping his hard cock. He wrapped one hand in her hair and pulled her head to the side. The skin of her neck looked so soft. He brought his mouth to her skin and laved it with his tongue. Rae jerked when she felt his teeth against her skin. At first it was a light scrape. When she felt his teeth grip her neck she came in a rush around his dick. Hr felt her muscles clench around him and he couldn't hold back any longer. 

Gabe grunted as he let go of his control. His cock jerked and he shot stream after stream of hot cum into his gypsy's pulsing cunt. His orgasm went on for minutes, filling Rae up with his sticky seed. He thrust again and again until he was finally empty. He collapsed onto the bed next to Rae. He pulled their sweaty bodies close together and nuzzled her dark curls.

"I didn't bite too hard, did I?" Gabe asked sheepishly. Rae laughed softly and wiggled back into his chest. 

"No. You left a mark there, but you didn't draw blood. I definitely liked it." She blushed a little. She rarely let herself go wild like that. Rae was still a little shocked at her own behavior. Normally she was so quiet and proper. 

"I love you, Gypsy," he told her.

"Gypsy?" The name made no sense to her.

"Yeah. You've always looked like a gypsy to me, with your curly dark hair and your golden brown eyes. Your skin always has that tan glow to it too. In my mind I always call you Gypsy. It's hard to believe I haven't said it out loud before."

"Gyyypsyyy," she enunciated experimentally. "I think I like the sound of that." Her smile was radiant.

Gabe smiled back, though his smile faltered a little when he thought of the question he was about to ask. He had to know.

"Earlier you told Morgan that you fell in love with me. Are you still in love with me Gypsy?"

She thought about it for a moment. She knew she loved him, but she didn't know if she was ready to give her whole self to Gabe. That was exactly what he was asking for. If she told him the truth, he would never let her go. Raine had come to know him very well. If Gabe was a dog, she was his favorite bone, and he wasn't about to let it go. Rae also didn't want to be vulnerable. She decided to take a chance for once in her life.

"Yes Gabe, I am still in love with you."

--- 

Yeah, I know this chapter was short. Think of this as chapter 5 part 1. I promise to have the next chapter up soon, and it will have a twist. I will be combining this story with one other that I've written, and that's the only teaser I'm going to give ;).