 Sam stood in the cramped kitchen of his apartment, focused intently on the nascent sandwich before him.

"You sure you don't want one, honey?" He called. "You need to eat."

No response. Until Sam felt soft arms wrap around his stomach and a kiss on the back of his neck.

"I'm fine, really," Amber said. His blonde girlfriend and roommate stood on tiptoes to reach him. "Stop worrying."

Sam smiled and wiggled out of her grasp.

"Fine," he said, dabbing barbecue sauce on her nose. "More for me." 

Amber yelled, smiled and hit her boyfriend. She padded back to their living room and settled in to watch TV.

On that couch, Sam thought. She's on the couch where...

None of that. It was a weird fluke, not worth thinking about. Sam went back to the sandwich.

He and his girlfriend spent the rest of the day together. As they did most days. As they had for years of uninterrupted bliss.

But now things were different for Sam. And Amber didn't - couldn't know.

When Amber's best friend Melissa stopped by the apartment two weeks earlier, she had raised doubts about the relationship Sam didn't know he had. All it took was a foot massage.

Well, it was a bit more than that, he thought more than once as he replayed the encounter in his mind. Amber was drunk, asleep. Melissa was alone with me, and her feet...

Her feet. Those pale, perfect feet. Melissa had asked Sam for a foot rub, completely unaware of what that meant for him. He had been so aroused he could barely speak.

But she did know. At some point, Amber had told her friend about Sam's foot fetish. And Melissa had used that to her advantage, working Sam over with pretty purple toes until -

Okay, that's not fair, he would always tell himself. She let you suck her toes. She gave you the best footjob of your life. But nobody put a gun to your head.

Less than an hour after the girls entered the apartment, Sam sprayed cum all over Melissa's bare, spit-drenched soles. And about five seconds after that, he panicked, wondering how the hell he had lost his mind and cheated on the greatest woman he'd ever met.

Melissa seemed conflicted, too. She'd canceled two dates with Amber since that day, and Sam's girlfriend didn't know why.

Amber didn't seem to think anything was wrong. Her and Sam still slept together, ate together and made love constantly. 

But Sam had doubts - not just about his commitment to Amber, but about Amber herself. Because when he thought hard about it - and he tried very much not to do that - he wanted Melissa. 

He wanted more than another chance to worship her feet. He wanted time with her, the girl whose self-deprecating charm was so different from Amber's confidence. The woman whose tall, full figure stirred him in ways Amber's small body never had.

But he loved Amber. Sam had been paralyzed for two weeks, unsure of what to do.

Finally, the next night - it was a Thursday, he was at the gym - Melissa did something for him.

"hey foot boy :)"

Sam didn't know who had sent the text message, but he didn't have to guess.

"Hey Melissa. What's up?"

"just having some wine and thinking about our ... adventure."

Sam cringed. He saw what was coming and felt too weak to stop it.

He decided to ignore her. Melissa was gorgeous, but she wasn't worth risking things with the woman he loved. Sam kept at his workout and tried to think about something else. Anything else.

The whole thing should have ended right there. Would have. If Melissa hadn't been so persistent.

"cum over :)"

"If I wasn't dating your best friend, I might."

Then nothing. Sam was surprised at how much disappointment mixed with his relief.

Until a picture showed up on his phone.

"but I got a pedicure just for you..."

And she had. Sam's cock sprung when he saw her long toes painted bright green.

"im drunk sam. want my address?"

Sam had a hard time changing in the locker room. Everyone noticed his throbbing cock.

Melissa lived alone in an apartment near her university. Sam almost crashed his car on the way there.

"It's unlocked," she whispered when he knocked.

Sam took a deep breath and opened the door.

"Close it, quick!" Melissa giggled. She wore nothing but a pair of black leggings.

Melissa attacked him as soon as he closed the door, pressing her full breasts against him and kissing hard.

Sam, losing any resolve he had left, kissed back - tentatively, then stronger. Fuck it, he thought. I want her.

They stood kissing for more than a minute, Sam wrapping his arms around Melissa's bare back. She stood just a few inches shorter than him.

Melissa broke the kiss and looked up at Sam with big brown eyes.

"I'm so glad you came," she whispered. "I've been thinking about you."

Sam smirked, dragged a finger along her stomach.

"Oh yeah? What about me?"

"Well, I'm not a good dirty talker, but..." She pressed closer, close enough to feel how hard Sam was. "I think a lot about your cock."

Melissa giggled and drummed her fingers on Sam's belt. He smelled wine on her breath. How drunk was she?

"How good it felt between my feet," she breathed. "I've never done that before."

Sam cast his eyes to the floor. Melissa noticed, giggled and scrunched her toes on the wood.

"Is that all you think about, foot boy?" She kissed him again, then wiggled out of his grip. Melissa took one of Sam's hands and placed it on her warm breast.

"What about the rest of me, Sam?"

He wordlessly bent and kissed her breast. Melissa moaned as he started to suckle.

Then, as soon as his warm mouth enclosed her nipple, Sam was gone. Melissa opened her eyes, confused. She shrieked as her best friend's boyfriend threw her over his shoulder and walked into the apartment.

"Where's your room?"

"Hehe! It's -" she pointed, realized he couldn't see her upside-down and behind him - "Uhh...left. No, my left!"

Sam flopped the drunk woman onto her bed, taking a moment to size up her room. Surprising amount of pink. He hadn't taken her for a girly girl.

He felt her prodding his chest with her feet and refocused. Melissa's long toes gripped his shirt fabric.

"Take this off, please." She hiccuped and giggled.

Sam wasted no time, revealing an impressively broad chest and firm stomach.

"Ooh," Melissa cooed, still poking him with her toes. 

Sam grabbed her right foot and lifted it to his mouth. He ran his tongue down her wrinkled sole and almost came.

Melissa yanked her foot away.

"No way, foot boy! We did that last time."

Sam smiled, too far gone to care. Melissa writhed on her bed and hooked her fingers at the top of her skin-tight leggings.

"First you have to take care of me," she said. She lifted her long legs high, pointing her toes and slowly - painfully slowly - pulling the leggings off.

Sam nearly drooled at the sight. Melissa unwrapped her round ass, pulled the leggings to the ends of her feet and rested them on the bed.

"On your knees, foot boy."

Sam bent and tore the leggings from Melissa. He spread her legs, ready to dive in, then paused.

Melissa had closed her eyes. She groaned when she felt Sam's lips on her ankles.

"Don't tease me, Sam!"

He looked up, smiled.

"It'll be worth it, I promise."

Sam slowly worked kisses up Melissa's left leg. Her skin was smooth, creamy, delicious. He stopped every few inches to nibble on shin, knee, thigh.

Melissa felt the heat between her legs intensify. She let Sam take his time, closing her eyes and surrendering to his kisses.

She was panting by the time Sam reached within a few inches of her sex. He slowed down, kissing under, above it, on each side. Sam let his errant tongue graze Melissa's heat.

"Hah," she cried. But he kept teasing her, moving down the other leg now, kissing, biting. He took his time.

Melissa surprised herself when he reached her foot. He kissed the top before raising his head and moving closer to her -

"Suck my toes again," she whispered. 

Sam stopped and raised an eyebrow. But he didn't need to be told twice. He moved back to her foot and gripped it with both hands.

Melissa groaned. He had her two big toes in his mouth. She wiggled them dutifully as Sam covered her in drool, nibbling the pads of her toes and repeating the motion on the rest of the foot..

Sam crossed to Melissa's left foot and spent time with each toe. Then he bent all five back and licked the sensitive skin at their base.

Melissa giggled. "This is really hot, Sam."

"You know," he started, working his words in between smacks and kisses on Melissa's soles, "I've been thinking about you too."

Melissa brought both legs together so Sam could attack her feet at the same time.

"About my feet?" Ten long, gorgeous toes wiggled.

Sam kissed both heels and pulled away, spreading Melissa's legs once more. He breathed on her pussy and she let out a squeak.

"About everything," he said, and attacked.

Melissa had been with just a few men before Sam, and he blew her away immediately. He licked lazy circles around her labia and spelled the alphabet with his tongue.

Melissa was also vocal, another surprise to her young lover.

"Oh, oh, oh," she groaned. Sam pressed his fingers around her outer lips, building pressure inside her.

"Sam..."

Sam ate away. Soon Melissa's pussy was a hot mix of their fluids. She bucked her hips and groaned.

"Oh, my god, Sam, OH, my GOD." He blew on her clit and she grabbed a fistful of his hair.

Soon Sam dove straight in. He buried his head in Melissa, tugging on her lips with his own.

"Sam, I'm gonna cum. Keep going, keep gooooooing, Sam."

Finally a tongue-lashing on her clit was too much. Melissa threw her head back. She scrunched her fingers, toes and eyelids.

"Oh. Oh. Oh! Saaaaaaam..."

Sam pressed hard on Melissa's thighs, held her in place as the orgasm wracked her. He kept licking and sucking to draw it out.

Melissa came back to earth about a minute later. Her thighs bucked again. She ruffled Sam's hair.

"Ooh. Good boy!"

Sam looked up from his work and shot Melissa a dirty smile. They held eye contact as he slid two long fingers inside her.

"Oooh, Sam, oh my god. Ah!"

He licked the top of her and pressed the fingers down, spiraling them in and out.

"Fuck! Fuck! Oh my fucking god!"

Now Melissa's whole body bucked. She pulled at the bed sheets.

"Keep going. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't -"

Sam flipped his hand around. He swiped at Melissa's G-spot and, before she realized it, slipped his pinky finger in her ass.

"No, wait, oh FUCK! Sam, don't - oh my GOD FUCK!"

Her ass spasmed around him. He kept his pinky still and let her adjust. Still, the work above continued. He drilled two fingers in and out.

"Oh my god Sam, my..." The pleasure was starting to be too much for her. Melissa never let anyone there, it wasn't proper, but then why did she feel so fucking good?

"You like that, don't you?"

"Oh my god, yes."

"You like it in your ass, Melissa?"

"Yes, Sam, oh FUCK." Tremors shook her.

"Say it," he ordered, his hand moving faster. His thumb rubbed her clit.

Melissa had a minor orgasm and groaned. He was bossy!

"I love it in my ass, Sam," she cried. "That feels so fucking good."

"You want more? You want me to fuck you?"

"Yes, Sam, oh my god, please, please fuck me."

Sam smiled. 

"I will, baby. First you're going to cum on me."

He added fingers. Melissa saw white. She felt

her tight ass stretch for him.

"OH! OH! SAM!"

Melissa spasmed on him. 

"FUCK fuck PLEASE! Ohhhhhhhh my god!"

She dumped moisture on his soaking hand and chin. Sam rode the wave, never letting up pressure.

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Oh!"

Sam tried to time her and lost count at 90 seconds. She was a machine, pumping girl-cream and shrieking and cumming so hard he worried she would pass out.

"Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Finally it subsided. Melissa became a red pile of sweat, panting and shaking as Sam pulled out of her.

He wasted no time. Melissa watched him yank his clothes off and fall on top of her. No more teasing. Sam slipped inside.

"Ohhhh," he moaned. Sam held his cock halfway inside Melissa and kissed her.

Melissa moaned back and marveled at the taste of herself on Sam's tongue. She cried out as he pushed all the way inside her, thrusting slowly.

The two lovers lapped at each other. Melissa occasionally broke the kisses with a whimper as Sam's cock dragged along her insides.

Sam moved lower to kiss and bite her neck.

"Ohhhhhhh my god." Melissa's eyes rolled back in her head. She wrapped her long legs around Sam to pull him deeper inside.

"Cum in me," the brunette begged.

"Ask nicely." He nibbled her ear.

Melissa spoke through ragged breaths.

"Please cum in me, Sam. ...I want you so bad. Just fuck me... until you - oh, god."

Her words pushed him over the edge. Sam gripped Melissa's throat and drilled into her, pulling all the way out with each thrust.

Melissa had no more energy to scream. She gasped for air as the man above her shot hot seed into her body.

"Ahhhhhh!" Sam's vision blurred. His body slapped against hers. Wave after wave of cum spurted from him.

Then it was over. Melissa wheezed, Sam had let go of her neck. He fell on top of her and they kissed slowly, giggling at each other.

Sam softened and pulled out. His cum dripped from Melissa, but they were both too tired to reach for tissues.

At some point Sam rolled over. Melissa laid her head in the crook of his arm. And the two wiped out lovers dozed.

Sam woke first. He slipped away from the tall, gorgeous woman holding him tightly and rolled out of bed. Melissa murmured and slept.

He found his pants on the floor and blanched when he noticed the time. 1:47 in the morning. He'd been with Melissa all night.

A message from his girlfriend stamped 10:13.

"Coming home soon?"

Then two calls over the next hour. 

Finally, at 11:45: "Okay well I'm going to sleep but worried about you! Come home soon baby call me if you need anything."

All the misgivings flooded over him again. What was he doing? Was he really that weak, that all it took were a few naughty text messages to get him to cheat on her?

Sam dressed silently and planted a kiss on Melissa's forehead. But she was awake by then.

"I know you have to go," he heard as he turned to leave. 

Sam looked back. Melissa sprawled on the bed, her hair tangled in the most beautiful mess he had ever seen. He sat on the edge of the bed and stroked her leg through the sheets.

"We don't have to talk about it," she whispered. She looked close to crying. "Can you hand me that water? I'm pretty dehydrated."

Sam smiled and grabbed a nearby glass.

"How much did you drink, anyway?"

Melissa chugged and smiled back.

"Too much, I guess. It takes a lot to invite a guy over like that."

Sam took the glass from her and replaced it on a nearby table. Silence struck them.

"Melissa, I -"

She sat up and pushed her forehead on his.

"I know, Sam. Just - " Sam heard her voice break. "I know."

He said nothing.

"I know you're ... confused," Melissa said. She stroked the bulge in his pants. "I am too."

Sam took a deep breath, pulled away from her touch. "I should go."

Melissa looked down, broken-hearted. 

"I won't do anything to hurt you two, Sam."

He smiled faintly, leaned back in and cupped her chin. Melissa's eyes watered, she closed them and he kissed her. "I know," he whispered.

Melissa sniffled and laughed. 

"It's okay. I'm okay. It doesn't have to be - "

She stopped, smiled and kissed him back, hard. Sam felt her tongue in his mouth and wanted, just for a split second, to stay.

Melissa broke the kiss. Her smile was stronger now.

"Suppose Amber was up for a threesome," she giggled. "That wouldn't be cheating, right?"