 Denica was off for vacation in Bermuda. She was going to meet a friend there, so had to fly by herself. She boarded the plane in LA. Of course, it had to go the long way around. So the plane had a layover in St Louis. But that was ok, she wanted to just chill for a while. As she was waiting to board, she noticed a young soldier standing awkwardly off to the side. When they began boarding, he was escorted on with those needing extra time. He walked with a slight limp but otherwise seemed quite healthy. In fact, he looked quite muscular. He was black, about 6 feet tall with broad shoulders and a narrow waist. 

When it was time for Denica to board, she was pleasantly surprised to see him sitting in the window seat next to hers. He looked up as she sat down, obviously looking her over. When he realized she was aware of his gaze, he grinned in embarrassment and ducked his head. But then he looked up and said "Hi, my name is Darrel." 

"Oh, hi. I'm Denica. I couldn't help noticing that you walked with a limp. Are you ok?"

"Sure. I'm doing pretty good and expect to get back with my unit in couple of months."

"Do you mind if I ask what's wrong?"

"Nah. It's nothing much. I caught a little flak when I was in Iraq. Just a few pieces in my thigh. There's not supposed to be any permanent damage. But it did get me home for a few months. So that's good."

"I'm so sorry to hear you got hurt. How long have you been back?

"I've been back for two months. All of it in physical therapy. Boy, those therapists can be real sadists. They push harder than my drill instructors ever did."

The two of them continued to chat long after the plane took off. For a change, the flight served lunch. Darrel bought them both a beer to wash it down with. Then it was Denica's turn and she returned the favor. 

The whole time they were chatting, she was aware of his eyes on her. It was almost as though he couldn't help himself. Every time she looked away, he stared at her legs and breasts. She was glad she had worn a skirt and wiggled around to make it ride up a little higher. She figured, what the heck, might as well give him a little show. He deserved it. She actually looked for opportunities to look around so that he could have more opportunities to look. It was making her wet realizing this young stud was interested in her. God, he was handsome! 

Shortly after they ate, he started looking uncomfortable. Finally he said, "Look I have to go to the bathroom. Can you help me get out of the seat?"

"Of course, here let me get up and then we can maneuver you out."

She proceeded to help him. It was clear that despite his claims to the contrary, he was not all right. So she offered to help him down the aisle to the bathroom and said she'd wait until he got out. He was a little embarrassed to need help but accepted gratefully. The plane began experiencing some turbulence about the time they finally made it to the bathroom. Just as she was opening the door for him, there was a particularly hard jolt and he fell into her. She fell backward into the bathroom and ended up sitting on the toilet. He landed on top of her; his hands had reached out to break his fall. In doing so, they landed directly on her breasts. He struggled awkwardly to rise but only succeeded in both closing the door behind them and mauling her breasts, which made her even wetter. 

Then she noticed his pants. They were tented up as though he had a large salami inside. He noticed her look and looked a little embarrassed. But with that embarrassment was a look of pure lust. 

"I am so sorry. I haven't been with a woman in almost a year and you are so attractive. I really apologize for my hands, I really can't get up."

Looking into his eyes, she said "Here let me help you."

Neither were quite sure what she meant. What was she going to help him with? She took another look at the monster caged in his pants and then took a deep breath. She reached down and grabbed his cock through his pants. He let out a hiss and looked at her as a ravenous lion looks at fresh meat. Looking deep into his eyes, she reached out with her other hand and unzipped his pants. Unbuttoning his pants, she reached in and grabbed his pulsating tool. The feel of her hand on his cock brought forth another hiss from his mouth. The hiss quickly turned into a moan as she swiped a finger over the tip, collecting the pre-cum that had collected there. She raised the finger to her mouth and opening wide, stuck her finger in, tasting his seed. She pushed her finger in and out of her mouth for a second, eliciting another moan from him. 

"I think you had better be the one sitting here." That brought on a struggle as they tried to maneuver in the tight quarters. But the struggle brought lots of opportunities for his hands to roam her body. In the process, her blouse was lifted over her breasts. At one point his face was between them and he pushed her bra up. After staring at her breasts hungrily for a second, he placed his mouth over her left nipple and began to suck. He nibbled and bit at it as though trying to bring forth the sustenance he needed to recover from his injuries. Pausing for a second, he kissed his way over to the right breast which he proceeded to give the same treatment. 

All this attention to her breasts was driving Denica nuts. She reached down and grabbed his cock with one hand. The other hand flew to her pussy. She pushed her panties to one side and stuck a finger inside. At first she buried it inside the warm wetness. But as he continued to suck on her nipples, she began playing with her clit. Rubbing it ever so gently in time to his sucking. But as his assault in her breasts picked up steam, so did the finger on her clit. She began flicking and squeezing it. This caused her to moan. 

The hand on his cock was not passive. It was pumping his cock for all it was worth and it was worth a lot. This brought for another moan from him, this moan muffled by the flesh of her breasts. He reached his hands up under her skirt and yanked her panties down around her knees. This caused her to shift awkwardly and his mouth broke contact with her nipple. Groaning with need, he moved so that he was sitting on the toilet. This put him in a position to finish the job. He pulled her panties the rest of the way down and she stepped out of them. 

Realizing that there wasn't enough room for him to face him, she turned around. Then straddling his legs, she reached between her legs to grab his cock. Then she sat down, his cock impaling her. His groan as her pussy engulfed his cock was so loud, she was afraid everyone on board could hear it. But neither of them cared. Right now the only thing that matter was how good it felt. 

Leaning forward so her hands were on the door, she proceeded to lift her ass. This caused her pussy to slide up his cock. She slid it up until just the tip was inside, then sat down with such force that it touched her cervix. He was so big that he almost spit her in two. But she continued this up and down movement, getting hotter and hotter the whole time. He reached around and grabbed her breasts. Pulling and pinching her nipples as she continued to ride his cock, he was in heaven. 

But then she stopped and rose up off his cock. He moaned, thinking she was quitting. Instead, she turned around and knelt in front of him. Her eyes went round as she realized how big this monster was. It has grown visibly while it had been inside her. Undeterred, she grabbed it with both hands before taking it in her mouth. She could taste her own juices as the mingled with the copious pre-cum leaking from the head. Then, doing something she had never done before, she lowered her head until the entire thing was inside her mouth and throat. It felt strange having this massive thing in her throat, but she had to have it all. It was not a desire, it was a need. She swallowed a few times, her throat muscles massaging his cock, before she had to come up for air. She continued this action for a few minutes until she felt him tense up. 

While she craved the taste of his seed, she craved the feeling of it shooting into her womb even more. So she backed off, freeing his cock from her mouth. She looked up at him to see his head lolling back, his eyes glazed with desire. She knew that he was lost in lust and probably had no intelligent thoughts at this time. So what came next was up to her. 

She stood once again and turned around. Reaching between her legs, she once again grabbed his cock. Then slid her pussy down over it. She could swear it stuck up into her belly, it was so big. She proceeded to post on his cock for a minute, getting hotter all the time. Then as she was about to cum, she felt him tense once again. They came together in an incredible explosion. She came so hard she squirted her juices all over his crotch. This liquid was joined shortly by his cum as it leaked from her overfilled pussy. She collapsed on to the door as wave after wave of orgasms took her into the land of oblivion. 

It was moments before either of them could even think again. She became aware of his cock as it still filled her pussy, despite being somewhat deflated. She rose up with what little strength she had and turned around. Seeing how wet his crotch was, she knelt down and proceeded to lick up the moisture. She finally got to taste his seed, the taste bringing a small orgasm to her. For his part, his cock twitched but was spent of all his seed. From what was still leaking from her pussy and what was in his lap, it was clear that he had put 12 months worth of sperm inside her. Even though his cock was no longer inside her, she still felt full. 

Once she had cleaned him with her mouth, she reached over and grabbed some towels. She realized that they needed to get out of the bathroom before anyone came looking for them. So she wiped him down, getting the worse of the moisture off. Then she put his cock back inside his pants and zipped him up. She stood up and started to put her panties on. 

"Wait. Please don't. I would like them. A souvenir of the most intense sex I have ever had."

Feeling naughty, Denica handed her panties to him. Then she straightened her clothes, making herself at least halfway presentable. She turned and opened the door before turning to help him up. As she turned back to the door, she became aware that there was a crowd around the door. She smiled nervously and said "He's injured and needed his wound checked." Of course, they didn't believe her. They had heard the sounds that came through the door. They were definitely not sounds of pain. They were the mating cries of two very horny people. 

Denica helped him back to his seat in time to hear the fasten seatbelt announcement. It was almost time to land. How long had they been in there, Denica wondered. Then she smiled, time enough, definitely time enough. She could still feel his cum and her juices as they trickled down her legs. She sat next to him and they held hands as the plane landed, neither of them speaking a word. They just lay back, lost in a haze of sexual release and passion. 

Unfortunately, this was his stop. He kissed her as he got up and then limped off the plane, looking back once as he got close to the door. She smiled at him, thinking that she had a great story to tell her friends. That is, if they would believe her. By the time she landed in Bermuda, it was already seeming like a dream. The best, most passionate dream she could ever have. She had forgotten to get his last name and his number. But that was probably best. Some things are best when they are like stolen moments. There for a lifetime unspoiled by reality.