 "We don't have to get on the road just yet." Tara had a little bit of a sparkle in her eye, and I had a pretty good just what she meant.

"Do you have anything in mind?" I smiled. She smiled back. We were obviously on the same page.

Tara grabbed me by the hand and pulled me up from the couch. We found ourselves in the bedroom moments later. I took her in my arms and kissed her. Tara's hands immediately found themselves on my ass as our kiss intensified. She pulled me closer to her, grinding her pelvis into my stiffening cock.

We had only been dating about a month, but our relationship had moved along rapidly. She was incredibly shy about sex when we first met. The tightness of her vagina the first time I made love to her confirmed my suspicions, she was very inexperienced. Her timid nature excited me almost as much as her vice-like pussy.

Over the last couple of weeks, she had become more aggressive. Tara would initiate sex as often as I would. She wasn't as adventurous as I would have liked, but neither of us ever left the bedroom unsatisfied. 

"I want your hard cock in me." She moaned when she broke off our kiss.

"Get your clothes off darlin'. I need you so bad."

Tara had a seat on my bed and pulled her polo shirt off over her head. Though I had seen her in various states of undress on many occasions, I was always amazed at her beautiful breasts, which were now threatening to push out of the top of her bra. Tara saw me looking and shyly turned away before removing her straining bra.

I have never considered myself a breast man. Every woman has something going for her; some women have fabulous legs or luscious rears. Tara had a beautiful full set of breasts, not just large, but wonderfully firm and round topped with nipples as big as the end of my pinkie.

I dropped my pants. Tara's hand immediately grabbed my partially erect penis through my boxers. She stroked me until I was fully aroused and I let her continue a bit longer. As she stroked, her tits jiggled slightly, a sight I could never tire of.

Every woman has something going for her. I dated a girl while I was in college who had the most beautiful mouth. Oval shaped with full lips, I would start to get hard every time I looked at her perfect mouth. On our first date I told her how beautiful I thought her mouth was and how I wanted to fuck it. Minutes later we were in her dorm room, her on her knees with those sweet lips wrapped around my dick as I made love to her mouth.

My previous girlfriend had had the most perfect ass I had ever seen. I would comment on it constantly. After months of persuasion, I convinced her to let me into her beautiful virgin ass. Watching my cock sink into her best feature was an incredible turn on.

"Your breasts are so perfect, I want to fuck them." Tara gave me a puzzled look. "Push your tits together, baby."

Tara did as I asked. I dropped my boxers then placed my hard cock between her firm tits, pumping slowly at first. She looked down at her jugs as the head of my cock popped up through her cleavage.

"Do you like that, stud?" Tara asked, looking me in the eye as I continued fucking her boobs.

I was only able to moan. Tara assumed my response was in the affirmative and started moving her boobs up and down on my tool. I was hitting her in the chin with my cock now, as I became more excited. Her mouth hung open.

"Lick the head, baby." I moaned. "Lick it when it pops through."

She lowered her head and put her tongue on my head as it popped through her tits. On the next stroke she didn't.

"More, baby."

"I don't like that." Tara replied.

Tara had never gone down on me. I had asked her to a couple of times, but she had always quickly mounted me or otherwise changed the subject. I hadn't pressed the issue, as this was a new relationship. Our sexual relationship was excellent and I didn't want to spoil a good thing.

"Why not?" I asked, a disappointed look on my face.

"I don't like the way it tastes." She made a funny face.

"You don't like the way what tastes?" Now I gave her a puzzled look. "My cock?"

"No," she answered, "I don't like the way it tastes when you, well, you know…."

"When I come?" Tara nodded. "Sweetie, I love it when a woman lets me come in her mouth, but it's not necessary. I just love the way it feels to have lips on my head."

"What do you do when you have to…" she scrunched up her nose, "you know, come?"

I laid her down on the bed and snuggled up next to her, kissing her forehead. "You don't have to do it that long, we can move on to something else. If you want to get me off that way, I'll tell you when I'm going to come."
 "Promise?"

"Of course I do." I kissed her again. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to. If you don't want my cock in your mouth, I'll be disappointed, but I'll respect that."

"What would you do when you wanted to…" she hesitated.

"When I wanted to come?" I smiled at her. "You're a really pretty girl. I'd love to come all over your face, or, better yet, on those perfect titties."

"Really?" Tara smiled. "You'd like that?"

"It'd be like making love to your face or tits." I grinned. "I'd love it."

I straddled Tara's chest as she lay on her back. I put my dick between her scrumptious jugs and started pumping. She propped her head up with a couple of pillows and took me in her mouth on every stroke. It was a fantastic vision. Tara's beautiful tits being fucked by my cock, my head pushing into her open mouth, her lips closing softly around my head. I could tell I wasn't going to last long.

"I'm close Tara. Where do you want it?"

She let me fall out of her mouth. "On my tits," she moaned, "come on my tits."

I only lasted a couple more strokes before I pulled my cock out of her cleavage and aimed it at her heaving breasts. The first jet left a trail of jizz from one nipple to the base of her neck. The next three jets were aimed better and covered Tara's firm melons in my seed. Tara watched intently as my cock spasmed again and again, coating her tits in goo.

"Oh my God!" Tara remarked as I wiped my cock head on her boobs. "That's amazing. So much come."

I smiled and leaned down to kiss her.

After a quick shower we jumped in the car. We were attending a wedding in her hometown the next day, and had decided to spend the night with her parents. We left a little after midnight meaning we'd be rolling in sometime after 1:30. Tara slept in the car, asking to me to wake her as we got closer to her hometown so she could direct me to her parents' house. 

I helped Tara with her bags when we arrived, and she helped me make up the couch for me to sleep on. I was tired after the drive and just wanted to get to sleep as we had to get up early that morning for the wedding. I kissed Tara goodnight at her bedroom door and headed off to the couch.

I couldn't have been asleep long when I was awakened by soft kisses on my cheek. My eyes opened and I saw Tara on her knees next to the couch.

"Hi there, baby." She was grinning.

"Mmm, you look sweet." Tara was wearing a satin nightshirt that buttoned up the front and went down to her knees.

"So do you." She put her hand under the covers and began searching for my cock. "I couldn't sleep. I don't suppose you could do anything to help me get to sleep."

It was my fault, really. Our previous encounter back at my house had been good for me, but Tara hadn't gotten off. We'd be busy all day at the wedding, if I was going to get her off, it would have to be now.

"I'm sure I can think of something."

Tara lifted the covers from me, exposing my hard cock. Still on her knees, she bent over my lap and licked my head. I stroked her hair lightly as she slowly sucked me, bringing me to full arousal.

"I need you in me." She said, sitting up on her knees.

"Hold on," I said as she sat on my lap, "I've got some rubbers in my bag."

"Let's try it without tonight." Her grin was huge now. She undid the top button on her nightshirt exposing her delicious cleavage. "You can finish the same way you did last time."

She wanted me to come on her tits again. "You really liked that?"

"I was lying in bed thinking about it." She said as she sat on my lap. "I got all worked up thinking about you big dick shooting all over me. It was so dirty. I want to watch you come again."

She gasped as she lowered herself onto my cock, taking all of me as she sat on my lap. I grabbed her waist, suggesting the tempo I wanted her to take. She leaned forward as we fucked, hands on my chest, allowing me to look down the front of her nightshirt. I could just make out her melons swaying as she bounced on my lap.

Tara sat up and unfastened the next button, the tops of her round globes were now exposed in the pale moonlight. She placed a finger between her jugs. "Do it here."

I dug my feet into the sofa and began thrusting forward, driving myself deeper into her. She let out a moan as she threw her head back, arching her back seductively. I increased my pace, fucking her ever faster. She unfastened the next button, breasts now fully exposed and bouncing about wildly as she flailed. She took a breast in one hand and rubbed it.

"You are so beautiful." I gasped, eyes fixed on her bouncing boobs.

"Fill me with your cock." She leaned forward once again and pushed her boobs into my face.

Her pussy tightened around my thick cock and I kissed her, muffling her moan of pleasure with my mouth as she came. I continued to hammer into her, my own orgasm nearing.

"Cover my tits with your come." Tara moaned as she broke our kiss. "I want to watch you unload on me."

"Here in comes, Tara!"

She quickly scrambled off of my lap and dropped to her knees next to the sofa. She began stroking my cock as I sat up. Her eyes were fixed on my cock-head as she pumped away. Seconds later my load was splattering off of her gorgeous tits. My cock jerked again and again, spewing stream after stream of goo at her.

"So much come." Tara whispered admiring the come-covered boobs she held in her hands. "I love watching you come."

I looked lovingly at her as she caressed my seed into her tit flesh. She seemed lost in her own world as she gazed at her breasts. I kissed her on the forehead and once again led her back to her bedroom. We had a long day ahead of us, and we both needed our sleep.