 Every guy knows a girl like Bianca. Her name says it all, "Rich Bitch." Bianca's daddy was some kind of hot-shot lawyer, so she was never lacking for money. She was also tall, thin, and platinum blonde, a true daughter of her Nordic ancestors. She also had one of the nicest racks I'd ever seen. A D-cup for sure, but the way they defied gravity was amazing. Overall, she was gorgeous, knew it, and thought she was better than the rest of us because of it.

Bianca was my then-gf's roommate for a couple of years. They were also best friends during that time. I'll tell you how it ended.

It was my friend Dom's fault, really. He and I were out at Happy Hour one Friday night, with Bianca and Katie. Oh yeah, Katie.

Katie was a nice girl, but definitely not the best I'd ever had. She was a pixie of a girl, maybe 5'4", with chin length black hair, a decent figure and a pair of C-cups she loved to show off. It was those C-cups that had drawn me to her, really. I'm a breast man, can't you tell?

Anyhow, Dom and I were at the bar talking, mostly about other girls in the bar, when he brought up the subject of Bianca.

"Man, what's it like with her around the apartment all the time?"

"I dunno, it's nothing special really."

"Have you ever seen her naked?"

"No, why would I?"

"I dunno, maybe she forgot her towel or you walked in on her showering. What about in a towel?"

"Yeah, she walks back to her room after showering in one all the time."

"Aww wow, man. You're so lucky."

"Why, you could see more of her now than with the towel."

"Still, it's like it's just the towel separating you from those cannons."

"Dom, you need a life man."

"What about a bra? Ever seen her in just that?"

I had to think about that one.

"Yeah, she's blow-dried her hair a couple times without a shirt on. And to answer what's probably your next question, I've seen her in a bikini too."

"Shit dude, I've seen her in a bikini. And those things don't sag man, it ain't natural. Gravity's supposed to pull harder on heavy things like that. Do you think they're fake?"

I laughed at this, since Katie and I had debated the same thing. Yes, my girlfriend and I had talked about her roommate's breasts. It was shaky territory, but as long as I was on the 'fake' side of the debate, it was ok.

"Dude, you should try and fuck her."

"What? No. I mean, Katie."

"Dude, its fucking Bianca. The Ice Queen. The Rich Bitch. She buys and sells guys like us. Its like, revenge or something."

"Shut up, Dom. You're getting yourself in trouble."

"Whatever man. Oh, hi girls."

At that point, Katie and another friend came over to us and the conversation was cut short, but it really got my mind turning. What would it take to fuck Bianca?

That night, I slept over at Katie's place (as usual), and lay up thinking what it would take to move to the room next door. Bianca's room adjoined Katie's, and I swear at one point that night I heard moaning in there. But it could have been a dream, who knows.

A week later, I had worked out the start of a plan to seduce the blonde bombshell next door. I say the start; because there was no way I was going to be able to plan this completely. My tool: alcohol, of course. I knew that I could drink a lot more than either of the girls, and I was going to put it to use.

That Saturday night, operation "Ice Melt" went into effect. Katie and I went out for dinner, and then came back to her place. We found Bianca sitting on the couch, eating a late dinner.

"Hey Bianca," I said, and received a silent wave of a fork-filled hand in return. Katie looked at me and rolled her eyes, but I was not to be deterred so easily.

"Staying in again?"

This received me a glare out of the corner of her blue eyes. I smiled back, not letting her bitchiness vibes penetrate through to my brain. I turned to Katie:

"You know, we should stay in tonight. I'm pretty tired already."

"But honey, you promised we could go clubbing tonight."

Katie was already dressed for a night of dancing, where a shiny pink shirt that tied behind her head, and tight black pants, all of which left little to the imagination, including the "Is she wearing panties?" question. But I didn't let this slow me down.

"Yeah I know babe, but I'm tired. Let's just stay around here, ok?"

"Fine." I could tell she wasn't happy, but that might actually work for me.

"Bianca, you have any plans tonight?"

"No, I was hoping for a quiet night in by myself."

This time Katie beat me to the punch, "You've been having a lot of those lately. Are you sneaking a guy in when we leave?"

"No, I dunno. All the guys here seem to suck lately."

"That's why you've got to find a nice one and hang on to him." As the words escaped Katie's mouth, she came over and smothered me. She was always in to mushy stuff like that.

"C'mon Bianca, at least have a couple drinks tonight. The weekends are about fun." That's me, apartment Social Chair.

"Yeah sure whatever." Bianca had finished dinner, and headed into the kitchen.

"Why don't you change babe, and I'll mix up a round." As much as I enjoyed Katie in her 'clubbing' clothes, I knew they weren't comfortable for knocking around the apartment. She's probably come back with a tank top and cotton pants, the female lounging around uniform that Bianca was also outfitted in.

As Katie went to change, I followed Bianca into the kitchen. She was cleaning off her plate as I rummaged through the liquor cabinet. The girls enjoyed their booze, so it was pretty well stocked. I was planning on getting Katie really drunk really fast, so I mixed two Long Island Iced Teas.

"Anything for you Bianca?"

"Umm, a Cosmo would be perfect?"

"Yeah... don't know how to make that one, and don't really plan to learn. I do know Sex on the Beach though." This earned me another dirty look, but I scored the points I wanted.

"Fine, I'll have what you guys are having." Yup, 3 Long Island's. Always the start of a great night.

An hour and half of a chick flick later, I moved into Phase 2 of the plan.

"Hey, you girls know you still have that bottle of Tequila in there from Mexico, right. It's never even been opened."

"Wow, it's been like a year since we went there," Katie answered.

"Yeah, I hope the worms ok." Even Bianca laughed at this, which meant she was definitely tipsy.

"C'mon, I'll grab shot glasses, and we'll do shots to this movie."

"Baby, why are we doing shots?" Katie was definitely drunk too. She was a 'whiny' drunk.

"Because this movie is so boring it's drink more or pass out."

Bianca giggled again.

"C'mon Bianca, you're in right?"

"I... guess so."

"Katie?"

"Ok I guess..." She kept talking after this, but I was already headed into the kitchen. I grabbed the bottle, 3 shot glasses, some limes, and a salt shaker.

"Hey, you girls want to do body shots?"

"Uhh, yeah," Bianca answered. "I don't drink tequila straight."

"Ok, let me cut up the lime."

I sliced and diced the lime in record time, poured three shots, and we did our first shot 'To friendship.'

For those of you uncultured barbarians who've never partaken in a body shot, I'll break it down:

Necessary equipment: Salt shaker, slice of lime, shot of tequila. Lick spot on your body (or someone else's if you're lucky). Shake small amount of salt onto the wet spot, the salt should stick. Lick the salt, do the shot, suck the lime. Refill and repeat. Hours of fun for the entire family.

So after 2 or 3 shots, the girls were all feeling it, and I wasn't. I'd switched to giving myself half shots, and since my tolerance was probably twice that of the girls, I was only one-quarter as drunk.

Ok, time for phase 3. As we went to do the next shot, instead of licking my own wrist, I licked Katie's shoulder. She giggled, and Bianca rolled her eyes.

"Aww c'mon Katie, have some fun. Here." I lifted my shirt, exposing my stomach, and pointed. Katie giggled again, then licked my stomach, and poured the salt on. Bianca was shaking her head, but I could see that she was interested in how this was going to work.

"I called the shot 'To oral sex', and let Katie lick my stomach first before licking her shoulder and doing my shot.

I immediately started pouring the next shot.

"Ok Bianca, your turn. Where do you want it?" I pointed to my stomach, Katie's shoulder, Katie's breast, and my crotch. The last one earned me an angry stare, but she slid over, and licked my stomach. Before she could pour the salt on though, I spoke: 

"Wait, you girls should do one off of each other. Like, on your chests. That would be hot."

Katie shrugged, and looked at Bianca, who seemed on the fence.

"C'mon Bianca, don't tell me you've never done a shot off another girl before."

This tweaked her courage, and she slid over next to Katie, and licked her chest. Licked a lot lower than I expected her too. In fact, I think if I had to map it out exactly, I'd say she licked Katie's right breast.

Katie wasn't as daring, and her spot was closer to Bianca's collarbone than chest, but it was still hot. Not wanting to feel left out, I moved to Katie's other side, and licked the other side of Katie's chest, which was now a little flushed from the attention.

"Ready?" The girls nodded assent.

"To big, beautiful breasts." With that, I leaned down and licked Katie's chest. Bianca did the same, and our heads were so close I could smell the tequila on her breath. Katie shuddered as our tongues ran over her chest at the same time. I knew Katie had a very sensitive chest, so this probably had her dampening her panties.

"Katie, you forgot your shot." Bianca looked a little pissed to still have salt still on her chest.

"Oh yeah, I, um."

"Don't worry, I'll do one too." I leaned across Katie and licked Bianca's chest, basically between her tits, and poured a little salt on.

"Ready? Call it Bianca."

"I don't know any."

"You don't know any shot toasts?" I played incredulous.

Bianca shook her head no. 

"Ok, how about, To Body Shots?"

With that, Katie and I both dove in to Bianca's chest. And wouldn't you know it, it took a few licks to get all of the salt. After I did the shot and sucked the lime, Bianca spoke:

"You know, that's the most action I've had in weeks."

"Aww Bianca, you're gorgeous, you could get any guy you wanted." Katie tried to cheer her up.

"Yeah, any guy I'm sure." I looked Bianca in the eye as I said it, hoping she caught my meaning.

"Yes, but all the guys I date are such children. They're so inexperienced."

"I think its cuz you've played with yourself so much, you're not used to a man's rough touch." Yup, that was my girlfriend when she was drunk, unafraid to say anything.

Bianca turned tomato at that comment, and I couldn't help but chuckle a little.

"C'mon baby, you know we hear her every night, moaning and buzzing."

"Katie, I don't think Bianca wants us talking about her masturbatory habits. C'mon, let's do another shot."

Katie got up at that.

"No-no, no more for me. I'm going to bed." She leaned over and kissed me, then whispered in my ear, loud enough that Bianca could hear, "Come fuck me later."

With that, she shuffled out, leaving the Ice Queen and me alone together.

"So, another shot?"

Bianca shrugged.

"C'mon, I still owe you one off my stomach."

Bianca's eyes flitted to my bare stomach, and that seemed to convince her.

I lay back on the couch, so she could get a better angle as she licked and salted again.

"Ok, but where am I doing mine?"

Another shrug, then, meeting my eyes, she lifted her shirt a little: "Here?"

I nodded ok, and as she sat down to let me, I held her up.

"Do yours, then I'll do mine, ok?"

Bianca seemed nervous to let me touch her stomach, so she nodded and sat back down. I lay back again, and she leaned down over my stomach. She seemed to sniff in my scent before licking the salt of my stomach, and doing her shot.

She was still sucking on the lime when I said "Ok, my turn."

I got up, and she lay on the couch, her blonde hair framing her face and her long arms up over her head. She was tall, so her feet hung off the front and were almost on the floor. Her chest was heaving, and she had a look of nervous innocence on her face.

I knelt down next to her, and since she didn't move her arms, slowly began to lift her shirt. Her pants had drooped a little, so I could already see she was wearing a very nice red thong. As I lifted, I wanted to see how high she would let me go, so I slowly kept pulling the shirt up towards her shoulders.

Her eyes never left my hands, and as my hands slowly moved over her stomach, I could see her ample chest heaving a little. Her stomach was beautiful, just enough fat on it to hide a six pack, but I could feel how firm it was. Her skin was milky white, as I knew it would be by her pale complexion, but altogether, she was gorgeous.

As my hands reached the bottom of her breasts, where her bra should be, I heard her gasp, and looked up at her face. She nodded once, and I took this as my signal to stop. I moved my hands back down her stomach, to the edges of her pants.

Her chest was heaving any more now, and I could see a touch of color across her face, hopefully from excitement. I rubbed her stomach a little with my hand, as I leaned down, and licked a circle around her belly button.

Her stomach quivered as my tongue ran slowly over it, and I heard her stifle a moan. After two or three revolutions, I felt her stomach was adequately wetted, so I pulled back, and looked at Bianca's face.

Her face was now very flushed, and she was breathing heavily. In addition, her nipples were now attempting to poke through her thin shirt. I smiled at her, and she smiled back. I grabbed the salt shaker, sprinkled some on, and without warning, dived back in.

This time, she couldn't stifle the moan, and moaned loudly. Loudly enough that I was worried Katie would wake up, but that didn't stop me. I licked around her belly button again, and then, stuck my tongue in, to get the few grains that had dribbled in there. I heard Bianca moan again, and decided that I probably would never get to the tequila.

"I-I need it."

Her speech caught me off-guard, so I lifted off her stomach and looked at her, a confused look on my face.

"I-I need you...tonight..."

I smiled at her, and nodded my agreement. She smiled back, but I could tell she was hornier than a herd of cattle.

I went back to kissing her stomach, and watched her hand slowly move down to her own crotch, and start massaging her inner thighs. Hoping to watch her do what I had heard her do often, I headed north, kissing my way up her stomach. I reached the point where her shirt and been crumpled up to, and kissed along the edge.

Out of the corner of my eye I could see her hand running along the edge of her panties, snaking back and forth. My hand pushed her shirt upward again, and my mouth followed, kissing up the valley between the mountains as I exposed their milky peaks. Her breasts were flattened by the fact she was lying on her back, and I couldn't see any scars that would have given her away, but I was still on the fence whether she'd had 'help' in that area.

When her shirt reached her shoulders, I stopped, and then started to kiss back down, moving slowly over on to her left breast. Savoring the moment, I ran my tongue in ever smaller circles, until I reached the nipple. I sucked on the little teat, which now stuck up like a small pinky topping her heaving chest.

I heard a muffled "Mmpph", and saw that not only was Bianca biting her lip to prevent screams, she also had her hand inside her own panties, and appeared to be playing with her little bud. 

As a self-respecting male, I couldn't have her doing all the work herself. I grabbed her wrist lightly and pulled her hand out. Bianca looked a little mystified at that, until I wrapped her hand over mine as a guide, and pushed both of our hands back in. She could now control my hand as it worked her hot spots.

And hot spots they were. As soon as my hand was 'South of the Border,' two things immediately became apparent: Bianca shaved her goodies, and those same goodies were soaked as if sprayed with a firehose. She immediately placed my fingers on her clit, and showed me the way to rub her right, which I did with vigor. 

My mouth was still attached to her nipple, and I could tell she was grooving from the stifled moans that came from her mouth. I bit her nipple lightly, and she groaned "Oh yes, that's it", so I bit it again, and held on a little.

Her hips and chest were both thrusting now, and it was a bit like riding a bronco trying to keep both my hand and mouth attached. Just as I thought I was going to lose control of one or the other, her legs clamped around my hand, and she let out a giant "Ohh Yeahh.." With that, she fell limp, and looked at me, a bead of sweat running down her face.

"Thank you, I needed that so much."

"Who said we were finished?" I said, and rubbed her stomach with my juices-covered hand.

"Please fuck me" she answered, and I needed no encouragement. I stood up, and started to undo my pants. She knocked my hands out of the way, and did it for me, her hands running down my legs as she pushed my pants down and my cock popped out. I did my shirt myself, and in a flash, I was naked except for my socks, and her lips were running up and down my cock.

She never took me in though, and instead stood up, and put her arms straight up in the air. I took the hint, and pulled her shirt up and off. I then pulled down on her pants, exposing those red panties, which turned out to be a thong.

I knelt down in front of her, and as I pulled down the thong, I kissed behind it.

I've never said this about any girl before or since, but she had a beautiful pussy. Her previous climax had left her with a thin sheen, and her shaved pussy looked absolutely edible, so I decided to try it.

I pushed her back onto the couch, spreading her legs in the process. My mouth immediately locked onto her pussy, and my tongue ran up and down her lips. They already tasted like her juices, which were absolutely fantastic. I chowed on her now, like a starving man, her hands pressing on my shoulders.

I slipped a finger into her as well now, my tongue spiraling around her clit, driving her nuts. Her hips were thrusting in and out, so I clamped my hands on her tight little ass, and held it into my face. I could hear her trying not to scream, and kept at it, seeing how far she would go before she came again.

I didn't have to wait long, because soon, I could feel her writhing become less rhythmic, and finally, she froze, and I could feel her pussy suddenly become very warm. After a shudder or two, she relaxed, her legs releasing the clamphold they had had on my head.

I came up and looked at her, my face covered in her juices.

She was still biting my lip, which gave her a very appealing 'little girl' look.

"Please fuck me. I need your cock in me."

Apparently I had really driven the Ice Queen to her limit, and she needed a man in her or she was going to blow. Victory was mine.

I pulled her hips to the edge of the couch, and kneeling, led my cock to the edge of her well-oiled love tunnel. As I did, she leaned into my shoulder, and as I penetrated her forbidden zone, I could feel her moan into my chest.

I quickly got up to speed, slamming into her as she cried out into my shoulder. But I couldn't quite get the angle I wanted, so I pulled out suddenly and whispered to her.

"Stand up and bend over the couch."

She was so hungry for cock right now that she silently obeyed, her milky white ass sticking up. I entered her from behind, sinking in until I felt my balls touch her clit. I moved in and out once or twice more to fully lube up, then grabbed her hips and really went to town.
