 Chapter One, Sareena.

I was always attracted to exotic and mixed race models, and would use them whenever the client was agreeable. For a start they were different to the girl next door image that most jobs called for, but also I found them more satisfying to photograph. Coloured girls of African descent seemed to have more sculptural bodies and features, while mixed race girls often had lovely skin tones, so much more attractive than the palid skin of the average European model.

Sareena was an eighteen your old mixed race model I had used several times when the client needed a non white girl for their shot. She wasn't tall, only about five three, but had a sweet young face and a perfect body. When I asked her if she would shoot a nude for me, for my own portfolio she not only agreed immediately but said that she had never posed nude before but she wanted a couple of body shots for her own folio. We fixed up a time for a shoot one evening when we were both free and the studio would be quiet. 

When Sareena came out of the changing room she had just a towel around her, and she looked at me rather shyly,

'I'm feeling a bit nervous, not sure if I can do this.' she said.I tried to reassure her, and said that if she liked we could start with her keeping the towel and see how she got on. She readily agreed to this so we made a few pics with her standing on the background playing about with the towel but not showing anything. I could see she was getting more relaxed so I suggested we move into the lounge area where she could use the fur covered raised platform. 

We made some shots of her kneeling on it facing camera holding the towel in front. I asked her to slowly lower the towel as I shot, and gradually, her eyes on me, she lowered it until her breasts were uncovered. 

'Beautiful!' I said, 'you have superb breasts.'

She smiled shyly looking down at them. 'I wish they were bigger, I'm too small I think.'

'nonsense, they're perfect, I must say I prefer smaller breasts to large ones.'

'But most men seem to like big boobs, I don't why, they are just as sensitive as big ones.' she said grinning cheekily at me. And I noticed that her nipples had hardened.

' Now do you feel ok to loose the towel?' I asked.

'Ok, here goes.' she said, and let fall the towel exposing all her body to me. The colour of her skin was lovely, a sort of golden light brown, very smooth and sleek. Her young breasts were high, the nipples pronounced and erect, her belly flat and firm, her legs slim, and just visible between her thighs I could see the full lips of her labia. She had removed her pubic hair and her whole body seemed wonderfully smooth, young, and feminine. A body made for sex I thought, and felt a warmth growing in my groin.

In the following hour or so we made about two hundred or so pics. And as we shot she became more and more relaxed and at ease with her nudity. At first she was careful about keeping her legs positioned so her sex was not visible to the camera, but as time passed she lost that limitation and seemed to enjoy opening her legs so that the sweet lips of her young sex were apparent. Her hands too came into play, at first just resting on her thighs or tummy, then progressing to touching her breasts almost casually, then towards the end she was frankly caressing her nipples with one hand while the other covered her sex, but not just covered I noticed, for I saw that her middle finger was moving once or twice, touching the labia and maybe her clitoris.

At last I decided to call it a day, we had got some great shots I was sure, and to be frank I didn't now how much more I could take, she was just so arousing. 

After she was dressed I asked her to join me for a drink at the local, and we were soon settled in a discrete booth with a bottle of wine between us. 

'Well, what did you think of your first nude session?' I asked her.

'I was surprised I guess, I really loved it, at first I was nervous then after I got used to it I enjoyed it very much, mainly thanks to you I think, you knew how to put me at ease so well.'

'Well you looked absolutely stunning, sweet, but sexy, and very erotic. You've got that rare thing about you, the ability to project feminine eroticism without effort or looking tacky in any way. Not many girls have that.'She was silent for a moment as we drank to that. Then she turned towards me and asked'Will we do some more sometime, I'd love to, anytime you want, just call me.'

'I'd love to take some more shots, I've already got some ideas I'd like to explore with you. Maybe next week if your free.'

'I'll be free on next Monday if you want,afternoon or evening is good for me.'

'Ok, I'll call you at the weekend to fix a time.' I said.

.After we had chatted a while, she said suddenly,

'Peter, can I ask you something? It's a bit personal.'

'Sure, ask away, whatever.'

'Well, it's just a thing I was thinking about while you were shooting me, I was wondering what it would be like to be behind the camera, you know, to be taking the pics, how it felt.'

'Well, I'm not sure how to explain I guess, you're always trying to make the best picture from the point of view of lighting and composition etc. , but at the same time you're conscious that it's a real person in front of the lens, a living breathing woman, and the secret is to combine the technique with the feelings that the woman gives you. Does that explain it at all?'

She stared at me for a while, looking doubtful. 

'Im not sure, maybe a bit. Actually what I wanted to ask was this. Would you let me take pics of you nude, like you did of me. Just so I can see how it feels.'

I was frankly a bit taken aback by that. It never occurred to me that a girl would want to photograph a guy naked, let alone a girl I hardly knew wanting to shoot me nude.

'Wow! Well you know Sareena, I'm not exactly an Adonis, I'm a skinny 37 year old bloke a bit out of condition. But if that's ok with you I can't really say no can I!'

And that was how the following Monday evening Sareena turned up at the studio not only to pose nude for me but to have me expose my own body to her. All weekend I'd been thinking about it, finding the idea more and more attractive and frankly erotic. The idea that she wanted to see me naked, to see my penis, was very exciting, and I found myself looking forward to the moment when I would be nude in front of her.

There was one thing I wanted to ask her before we started.

'I've got just one condition here before I get my gear off for you.' I said jokingly ' I'm ok with getting nude in front of you, but I need you to be nude too, I'd be too embarrassed if you are dressed and I'm naked, understand?'

'That's fine with me, it'll be quite, well, exciting I guess, being nude together!'

I went into the bathroom to freshen up with a quick shower. As I showered and then dried myself my cock was swelling to a semi erection even without my thinking about anything. As if it knew what was going to happen. I wrapped a towel around my waist and went out into the studio. 

Sareena was standing waiting for me, she was naked and so beautiful I felt a catch in my breath and my heart start to beat faster. I had set up the lighting and the camera so all she had to do was point and shoot, and I went over a couple of things for her till she was confident she could manage. At last the moment came. I went and stood on the background, facing the camera and the small delicate naked girl.

'OK,ready?' I asked her. 

'I am, are you.' She said with a giggle.

I slowly undid the towel around my waist then holding it but not letting it fall gradually opened it at the front to expose my penis. The camera began to click and the flash fire. I dropped the towel and stood facing her, my already thick and heavy penis began to jerk erect and I looked down at it bringing my hands to the top of my thighs. 

Sareena moved closer, and I could see she was centring on my cock.

'You see Sareena, a guy can't hide how he feels, unlike you girls where nothing much shows.' I said.

'And how are you feeling?' she said after a moment.

'Guess!' I said, and spontaneously my foreskin slid back exposing the engorged glands, a single drop of precum glistened on the tip.

There was something deeply exciting about knowing she was looking, and had wanted to look at my sex. I wasn't sure how this would end but it was a great feeling, she could see my arousal, and she was loving it.

' Turn to one side,' she said, ' just do like you told me to.' I turned, knowing from that angle she would see the full length of me. 

'Use your hands Peter, do what I did with mine.' Her voice was husky, almost trembling.

I obeyed her instruction, sliding one hand up my torso to touch my nipples, a thing I always found incredibly erotic, while my right hand slipped down to take hold of my organ. I began to stroke and caress it, looking from the camera to my cock as I did. I watched her at the same time, her slim small body with her high pointed breasts, the curve of her hips, the secret half hidden centre of her sex between her thighs. 

For a while we continued, I was becoming more and more excited, but I didn't want to cum in front of her like that in case she was shocked. I asked her if she would like to do some of me lying down. I enjoyed her shooting me lying down because as she stood over me I could see her sex, and she made no effort to hide it from me. 

Then I had an idea I hoped she would go long with.

Sareena, you know what I'd really like to do if your up for it. I've always wanted to do some pics of two bodies together, either same sex or opposite, you know sort of abstract like, not showing the whole body maybe, just close ups showing them intertwining, if I put the camera on auto sequence we could do it together, if you want to that is.'

Sareena put down the camera, 

'That sounds like fun. I'd love to. Sort of combined effort. Cool!'

I quickly set the camera on a tripod in the lounge area and adjusted the lighting to be more atmospheric. I then set the sequence option to take a picture every ten seconds. 

'Ok, all ready to go. Let's do some great pics together.'

'How do we start?' she asked, and I noticed she glanced down at my penis that was now at half mast.

'Well let's try this, you are standing and I'm kneeling in front of you, sort of kissing you tummy.'

'That sounds nice.' She laughed,'just my tummy mind!'

We moved in front of the camera and I knelt in front of her and placing my hands on he waist drew her to me. She was so much smaller than me that my lips were level with her navel, and I gently touched around it with my tongue. The camera started its sequence, I had programmed it for one hour, just in case.

As my tongue touched her skin she flinched and giggled, 

'That tickles.' she whispered. 

I pressed my lips against her abdomen just below her navel and touched again with my tongue. This time she didn't move or laugh, instead she made a satisfied 'Mmmmm'. My hands in the meanwhile moved slowly up and down her flanks, then very lightly grazed her bottom and up to the side of her breasts. 

'Oh, that's so good Peter I heard her murmur. 'So very good.'

I slid my hands down to cover her buttocks, cupping them, and pulling them towards me at the same time moving my mouth lower down her abdomen, and she groaned softly in delight. She began moving her hips, thrusting gently towards me, urging my mouth lower, but I wanted to make her wait, make her desperate for release, I wanted to excite her until she lost control of her reactions, her body. And the camera clicked away, recording our actions, and our reactions.

My mouth approached the base of her abdomen, only an inch or two away from those perfect little lips, now flaring to expose the pink interior, and her movement became more insistent, her breathing faster. I could smell the exciting and erotic scent of her femininity. And I loved the feeling of controlling this young eager body, the feeling that I could pleasure it as I wanted, that I could satisfy my own lust and needs with it. For as much as I liked Sareena, for now she was just a beautiful body that soon I would enter and plant my seed, that was all I wanted, and all she wanted too.

I stood up and turned her toward the camera and stood behind her slightly to one side. 

'I'll stand like this baby, just enough to one side to show my cock, put your hands back her.' and I placed them on my hips. I pressed up against her, feeling her bottom against my thighs, my sex against her side. I felt so good that first contact between our bodies, sending almost like an electric shock between us. I began to move against her, rubbing the hard shaft of my penis against her hips and waist, and she lent back turning towards me, her mouth open to receive mine. Our tongues met and played together, I thrust mine deeper into her eager mouth, tasting her saliva, smelling the sweet fresh odour of her.

My hands explored her body as she pressed back against me. I cupped her small soft breasts in my hands, taking the hard nipples between my fingers, squeezing and stroking them. I had to pull away from her after a while, I could feel the tension mounting inside me and knew if I didn't stop I would soon be unable to, and would shoot my sperm. There were things I wanted to do before that happened.

I moved behind her and pressed up against her, my cock erect against the small of her back. 

'Like that Baby? Can you feel me, is that what you like?' I whispered.

'Oh you feel so good, I love that, so hard, so big.'

I slowly slid my hands down the sides of her body to the top of her thighs, then across to her flat indrawn belly. I pressed and caressed her abdomen moving gradually lower until my fingers brushed the swollen lips of her vagina and she gasped and moaned. Using both hands I gently parted the outer lips, holding them apart, exposing the pink inner lips to the camera that continued recording every ten seconds. I felt the slippery wetness leaking from her covering my finger tips, and I spread it over her lips and inner thighs before the fingers of my right hand approached the core of her pleasure, her clitoris. I moved my left hand up to caress her breasts as my right forefinger found the swollen erect organ of ecstasy. She was a petite girl but her clitoris was more developed than any I had known. It jutted out from between the lips almost like a tiny penis, I could even feel the ridge around the sensitive head on it.

At the first gentle touch she cried out as if hurt, but it was a cry of joy, of pure pleasure at the feeling of another's fingers on her most intimate part. I softly circled the head, hardly touching it, then moving my fingers down I covered them with her juices that were now leaking freely from her vagina, and covered the clitoris with them, stroking and rubbing more vigorously.

She was moaning continuously now, and her hands reached behind her for my cock, but I wanted something else before she touched my organ. 

'Put your feet apart a bit I told her.' And then bending my knees I slid my cock between buttocks and thighs. I looked down over her body and saw the head emerge, it was wet and glistening with her juices, and we both watched as the foreskin suddenly slipped back exposing the glands, swollen and turgid.

I began to move my cock back and forwards between her thighs and she put her legs together making them grip the thrusting organ more tightly. My hands were busy on her small breasts, stroking, caressing, squeezing, and from time to time I slid one down her belly to touch her jutting clitoris. And all the time the camera clicked and recorded.

I wanted to try something I had fantasised about before and told her to lie down on her side facing the camera. I lay down behind her in the spooning position. I raised her leg so I could position my cock between her thighs.

' I want to put the end of my cock between your labia, is that OK with you.' I felt I had to ask although I knew the answer. 

'Oh wow! Yes please...I want to feel it there so much.' She whispered. 

Taking my erect penis in one hand I pressed the glands gently against her swollen labia. I moved it up and down at first, not attempting to introduce it further. I could feel and see the turgid glands becoming wet with her juice, and I spread it down the shaft knowing it would make penetration so much easier. Then I parted the lips with it, and pushed just enough to sink the head inside her. Immediately she gasped, throwing her head back, and her right hand moved down to her sex and began touching herself. 

That act I found incredibly arousing, and I knew that I had to get my cock right inside her very soon. 

'Do you want me inside you?' I murdered, my voice tight and breathless. 'Do you want me to make love to you?'

Her reply was immediate, not only did she want me, she wanted me quickly, her need was matching mine, we were both desperate for the release of orgasm, both our bodies dictating what was going to happen.

She turned on her back ready to receive me. 

'I want you to watch as I enter you, I want you to see.' I told her as I knelt between her legs. I quickly grabbed a couple of cushions and put them under her head so she could look comfortably down her body, then I moved over her, holding myself up on my hands, then slowly lowering myself until the tip of my cock touched her flaring labia.

I looked down at her, enjoying the moment of surrender. She seemed so small beneath me, her body so slim and fragile looking, brown and warm and soft. And it seemed impossible that this tiny body could receive my sex, would it hurt her I wondered, would she be big enough inside to take all of me? 

Then I pushed and thrust, slowly, and without effort the whole length of my thick hard white cock slid into her young brown body, and she cried out loud as her hands gripped my buttocks as she pulled me into her.

Ŵe both knew we were so excited that we could cum quickly. For me the sensation of my cock inside her was unbelievable, and when she lifted her knees and put her legs on my shoulders so I could penetrate more fully I was already loosing control. She was so small underneath me, and her vagina gripped me like I'd never felt with a woman before. It was tight, like a virgin, but at the same time soft, warm, and very wet. I could feel the wetness covering my cock and balls, and on her thighs around the lips, and we both looked down at my thrusting organ glistening with her juices, matting my pubic hair. I wanted to slow it up, anxious that I didn't cum before her, and withdrew my cock from her body. We both stared at it, it was hard as an iron bar, the glands huge, purple, and it jerked with my heartbeat. The excitement of seeing it seemed to tip her over the edge for suddenly she cried

'I'm cumming Peter, Oh my God I'm cumming now!' 

And that did it for me too. I felt the beginnings of an orgasm building in my abdomen and scrotum, that glorious tingling sensation all over my body. And I thrush my cock deep into her again and began to pound. Dimly I could hear her cries as I thrust and thrust into that soft young body, I didn't care if I hurt her, all that mattered was to push my cock deeper and deeper. My hands went round her buttocks as I pulled her against me as I thrust, till at last I felt the sperm beginning to flow, and then to shoot, time and time again until I was emptied.

We lay still panting and exhausted for several minutes. Neither of us could speak. I withdrew my cock reluctantly from her vagina, though it was still half erect, and a little trickle of white liquid followed it. We looked into each other eyes.

'That was amazing, best ever.' She eventually said. 

'It felt so good inside you,' I said, ' You're so tight, but I was a bit afraid to hurt you.'
