 I packed the last suitcase and sat down on the corner of my bed. 

It had all passed so quickly. My summer had rushed by here in my hometown as uneventfully as it had the previous year, and now it was time for me to go back to a life of exams and parties at college. 

Of course there was my part-time job, which, very unexpectedly had turned out to be the highlight of my last semester. I am, as you would put it...an experienced...highly trained...professional...pizza delivery girl. Go ahead and laugh. Yes, yes, I know. Oh well. It pays the bills and provides me with free food while I study.

I am a shy gal and have never been very wild and crazy. Now, don’t get me wrong, I’m not an ugly chick. I’m medium height with an average, but curvy figure. I have dark auburn hair and blue eyes. I’m not one of these freckled redheads either. I could easily say one of my best attributes are my perky breasts with their long pointed nipples. At least that’s what I’ve been told.

Oh yes...back to what I was saying. I would have to say my most memorable experience last semester involved a night just like any other. I had to take a lot of deliveries over towards the college area of town. I got the usual. A few really good tips, a couple of people trying to offer me beer, even a few guy’s phone numbers slipped in with my tips. 

My last delivery of the night finally came around 1 a.m., and of course I was glad to see it. I pulled up to the two story white house and grabbed the medium pizza and two cans of soda from the passenger side. I was really worried this person was going to be a little miffed considering the order was close to an hour old now. Lucky for me the bottom of the box still felt rather warm. I would just have to apologize like crazy and explain how busy it had been, I thought.

Now, first thing I noticed was that the porch lights were off. 

“Oh great...probably another drunk that passed out” I groaned. It happened all too often. 

As I got closer I could see the flickering bluish light coming from a tv set. Maybe there was some hope after all. I pecked on the screen door a few times but didn’t get an answer. It was a long shot, but the front door was sitting open a few inches. I peeped inside but didn’t see anything. Slowly, I pushed the door open and glanced around. I caught the scent of beer and cigarette smoke.

It was a typical male college house. Suddenly, I became all too aware that on the tv in the living room just to my left, I could hear what appeared to be a porn playing. I hesitated, but then figured there had to be someone there. Taking a few steps forward I could see the top of a guy’s head. He was sprawled out on the sofa with a line of beer cans beside it.

“Yep...he’s passed out. That’s just great.” I thought to myself. 

That is when I caught a hint of movement, and then another. Taking another glance, I realized that lying there in the dim glow of the television, this guy was basically naked from the waist down with only his boxers pulled down to his knees. His hand was gliding up and down over his smooth erect cock while the other cupped his balls. I put the food down quietly and watched him. Silently I marveled at his well sculpted body. He reminded me of one of those guys that possibly played soccer or ran a lot that I often watched while they jogged down the road.

I watched as his hips gyrated while the man on the screen began plowing himself into the blonde bimbo on the screen. The brown haired stranger’s breathing began to become audible over the sound of the television. More and more I became aware of the burning between my legs growing like a hungry flame. This guy was drunk beyond recognition and didn’t know his ass from a hole in the ground. I decided at that moment, I was going to take advantage of this situation. Without a sound I slipped my khaki colored uniform shorts down and began rubbing my swollen clit over the silky panties that I wore. They were already quite damp just from the few minutes I had stood there. 

He began to moan and gasp a little, but his strokes were still very slow and controlled so I knew he wasn’t ready quite yet. I could hear the wet strokes slapping as they were delivered now due to the precum that dribbled from the head of his engorged cock. I propped one leg up on the coffee table beside me and slipped one finger through the corner of my panties and inside myself. At this rate it wouldn’t be long for me and even if someone walked through the door I wouldn’t have been able to stop. It had been so long since I had came and I it felt too damn good.

His movements began to quicken slightly, his hand steadily squeezing his swollen balls. I could hear him whispering “Oh fuck, yes...” as he steadily jacked off. I could feel the moisture running down my inner thigh. I couldn’t take it anymore. I wanted his cock.

I jerked my shirt and the rest of my clothes off and walked towards him very slowly. Fluttering his eyelids for a second, he looked very startled. I smiled at him and propped my leg up on the sofa next to him, letting him catch the full view of my dripping cunt as I ran a finger across it teasingly.

That was enough for him. He grabbed me by my hips and pulled me towards him. I straddled him and positioned his throbbing cock with my hand. Slowly and deliberately I slid down it, my hole accepting him greedily. My new fuck gasped in pleasure and began to grind his hips under me. He filled me, stretching my neglected hole in delightful pain as I rode him slowly, savoring every minute.

I tried to hold off as long as I could, but my arousal got the best of me. I gave up trying to fight it as I felt heat rising to my face and a tingling sensation creeping throughout my lower body. My inner walls clamped down around his girth in long tight spasms as I came harder than I had ever came. He lost his own control, lifting me and pulling me back down on his cock as he drove himself into me hard. I felt his warm cum spilling over into me. 

As soon as we recovered and he realized who I was, he paid me for his food. After that, every Saturday I had a special stop after work, and believe me, every night after that, his food was free.

I wonder what is in store for me this college semester.