 The final week at university was always fun. It was a chance to let your hair down with your mates before going your separate ways for the ten week summer vacation. Some, like me, had summer jobs to go to, while others were going off to Europe on a student inter-rail pass. Most were just going back to mum and dad. 

I'd had to let my parents know that I wouldn't be home. I told them I'd got a job as a temporary caretaker which was sort of correct. My mum was disappointed that I wouldn't be coming home but the more I could earn the less of a burden I was on them. I hadn't told them about Lesley, I thought I'd wait a while before doing that. 

The final week was also a great week for hooking up with girls but although I pretended to my mates to be up for it, my heart wasn't in it. 

The long awaited exam results came out on the Wednesday afternoon. They were placed on a board outside the admin office. Under each exam title were a list of names in alphabetical order and against each name was a simple pass or fail. I scanned the results for my name and felt a wave of relief come over me when I saw that there were no fails. There was no reason to stay at university now and so I called Ruth to say that I'd be with them on Thursday.

That Wednesday night was a raucous night on campus, celebrating with those who had passed and commiserating with those who needed to re-sit. I stumbled into my bed in the early hours of Thursday and woke up with a thick head in the morning. 

The little Mini was complaining when I arrived at Ruth and David's in the late afternoon. It wasn't used to carrying all my worldly possessions and having to travel so far. A thin trail of steam was coming out of the exhaust, the tell-tale sign of a blown head gasket. Both Ruth and David were there to greet me. David shook my hand and Ruth gave me a big hug

"Your car's looking a bit sick," Ruth said.

"Blown head gasket," I replied. "I had keep stopping to fill the radiator up but we made it"

"Can you fix it?"

"Oh yes. I'll need a few parts but it's reasonably cheap to repair and with my trusty Haynes manual I'll be fine."

"We didn't think that you'd come until Friday. It's good that you did though, as we're off to London for the weekend tomorrow. Come on in and have a cup of tea, then we'll show you around the flat."

My digs for the next ten weeks had been a stable block and living quarters a century ago. The stables had been converted into garage space while the upstairs had been converted into an apartment. The apartment was an odd shape but basically consisted of an open plan kitchen and lounge area, a good size bedroom with a double bed, a small study room and a shower room with a toilet and a basin.

"This is fantastic Ruth," I said. "It's like a palace compared to my student digs." 

"I know," she said laughing, "and if you want to work on your car in the garage then there's plenty of space. I'll show you."

We went down to the garage below. David's Jaguar was parked in one bay and Ruth's little Triumph in the one next to it. The third bay was empty. It was larger than the other two and had an inspection pit dug into it. Around the edge were cabinets and a couple of sturdy workbenches. In a corner, tucked away looking very sorry for itself was a BMW motorbike. It looked like it hadn't moved in a while.

"There are quite a few tools in here I think," said Ruth. The last owner was a vintage car enthusiast. We inherited much of his stuff when we bought the house but working on cars was never David's thing."

"And the motorbike, do you still use it?"

Ruth rolled her eyes. "David bought it about 6 years ago. He had big plans to tour around Europe on it. We went to the seaside a couple of times and the rest of the time it's been sat here. I don't think it has moved for the last couple of years. Can you ride?"

"Yes, my dad has a Honda he uses to get to work on. I passed my test on it a few years ago."

"Well, if it still works then you're welcome to use it. It will need an MOT and tax for sure and a service I guess. If it helps I can put you on the insurance. There are a couple of helmets somewhere in here too."

"That would be great Ruth, thank you."

"No problem. There's one more thing to show you. Come this way."

Ruth opened a door at the back of the garage which opened to reveal a home gym. It had weights, an exercise bike and a multi gym structure. It also had a space for doing yoga and stretching, with a mirror on one wall and a punch-bag in the corner.

"I thought you might find this useful. David had it built to keep us both in shape. We don't use it as much as we should but I've been trying to get on the exercise bike a bit lately".

"I thought that you were looking rather trim, Ruth," I said, making her blush slightly.

"Well I've been trying these last few months. The competition keeps getting younger," she said coyly. 

With the tour over I began to unpack the car and get settled in. My few possessions hardly gave the flat a lived in feel but I could work on that. I ate with David and Ruth in the evening, sitting at the table in their big kitchen. It was nice to eat home cooked food but I resolved to cook for myself also in order to give them their space.

"So, is it alright with you if I start work on Monday? I'd like to take the head off the Mini on Friday then Lesley can drive me to Lincoln to get the parts on Saturday morning."

"That's fine, we'll be leaving at around lunchtime tomorrow but we'll be back on Sunday. I'll walk you through what needs doing on Monday morning then we can take it from there."

I woke up on Friday and decided to go for a run. I hadn't done any exercise since taking my exams two weeks ago and was keen to get into a routine again. I ran through the village, past the pub and out into the countryside. The Lincolnshire Wolds were a patchwork of fields with plenty of lanes to run along. The terrain was quite hilly compared to the flat streets I'd been used to. That morning, with the late June sun beginning to heat up the day and nothing but the sound of the birds to keep me company, I could see why David and Ruth had chosen to live there. 

An hour later I got back, had a shower and was contemplating starting on the Mini when Ruth came over and asked if I'd had breakfast.

"Not yet," I said.

"Come on over then. There are a few things we need to go through with you before we leave." 

Ruth cooked scrambled egg on toast as she explained the facts of rural life to me.

"We love it here and the people are very friendly but in a small place like this everybody knows everyone else's business. David, because he's a writer, is already seen as a bit of an exotic creature but we'd be mortified if anyone found out what we really got up to."

"I understand. I'll be discreet."

"I've already primed the village that you are coming and told them that you're my nephew from London. You're going to be spending the summer vacation with us in order that you can be nearer to your girlfriend in Nottingham. The best deceptions have their basis in truth."

"I think I can remember that," I said.

I finished breakfast then man-handled the Mini into the garage. With Haynes manual in hand I followed the instructions step by step until an hour and a half later I had the head off and everything neatly laid out on the bench. The inspection pit came in useful when it came to draining the oil and the radiator. It was so much easier than doing it in the street. 

As I was finishing, Ruth and David came in to get the Jaguar out of the garage.

"Now, you've got a key to the house as well as your flat and this is the code for the burglar alarm." 

"There's no need, Ruth, we will stay in the flat."

"You're welcome to use the house. We trust you. Plus, Lesley knows where the toys and videos are hidden." They both laughed at this. "We'll be back on Sunday night. If there are any problems," She thought for a moment then said, "I've no idea, you'll just have to deal with them. David and I are off to enjoy ourselves!"

"Have fun you kids," I said to them.

"Oh we will," said Ruth, knowingly. "I'll tell you all about it when we get back." 

It was only lunchtime and Lesley wouldn't be arriving until 6.00 p.m. at the earliest and so I thought I'd make a start on the BMW. It was a 1976 R90s. It was quite sporty for its day but this one also had panniers for practicality. At 900cc it was much bigger than the bikes I'd ridden before. 

I pumped the tyres up then rolled the bike out of the garage and gave it a wash to get all the dust off. The bike soon dried in the sun then I took the battery out and put it on charge, cleaned the plugs and drained the engine and transmission oil. The fuel tank was dry but it looked clean inside. The list of things I was going to have to buy in order to get the car and the bike back on the road was getting longer and I wasn't sure I was going to be able to afford it all. If the battery didn't charge then I was stuffed.

With time to spare I took a trip to the village shop to buy some provisions. Ruth had been right. The lady behind the counter had already guessed I was Ruth's nephew and what followed seemed like a bit of an interview but after I'd answered her questions I was allowed to pay for my groceries and we left on the best of terms. 

At around 6.00 p.m. Lesley arrived. She gave me such a big hug that I thought she was never going to let go. I carried her bags up the steps to the flat and opened the door.

"Welcome to my home," I said grandly and gave her a quick tour of the rooms, which took all of two minutes. "There's plenty of space in the cupboards in the bedroom so you can leave some stuff here if you like. Oh and I got you something. It's not much, so I wouldn't get too excited." 

We went to the kitchen area and I handed her a small brown paper bag. She opened the bag and took out the pink toothbrush which was inside.

"You know you're in a relationship when there are two toothbrushes in the bathroom," I said to her.

I wasn't expecting her reaction. She regarded the toothbrush for a moment then gave me another hug. She had put her head on my shoulder but I could tell that she was crying.

"Don't cry it's only a toothbrush. If you don't like pink I can get you a different colour," I said, trying to make a joke of it.

"You don't know how much it means to me, Steven. Thank you." 

We walked to the pub in the village and had a pint. They did bar meals and so we ordered some food and had another pint. It seemed that word had got round as to whom we were but everyone was very friendly. It was about 9.00pm when we left and still warm as we walked back to the flat, hand in hand.

When we got back we fucked. Not like animals as we had done the week before but more gently. Lying in each other's arms afterwards Lesley's mind turned to swinging.

"It's not going to be easy meeting people you know. We can't really use my place and we can hardly use yours," she said. "Plus Lincoln isn't exactly the swinging capital of the east."

"We've got plenty of time for that, let's just enjoy ourselves and see what happens."

"But I want to prove to you that I can be like Ruth. And, if I'm honest, I'm horny."

"What do you mean?"

"Look, until I met you I'd only ever been with David. I thought I was happy but since meeting you I realise I've been missing out. There are things I want to do. People I want to meet. But I want to do it with you. You know, create our own adventure. I just don't have a clue how to do it and I'm not confident enough to take the lead. You know that!"

"Lesley, you could walk into any bar and pick up any of the single guys in the room if you wanted to and probably a few of the girls too..."

"Then let's do it. Let's go to a bar in Lincoln and pick someone up."

I thought for a moment, "Ok. We'll go into Lincoln tomorrow night and see how we get on. But first I need you to do something just for me."

"I'll do anything. You know that."

"Good, because I need you to drive me to the motor parts shop tomorrow morning."

"Oh. That wasn't what I was expecting you to say." 

I had to drag Lesley out of bed the next morning in order that she could drive me to the outskirts of Lincoln. Motor factor shops only used to stay open until lunchtime on a Saturday in those days and I was going to be stuffed if I missed it. I managed to get the gaskets and everything else I wanted for the car and the bike but I needed to borrow some money from Lesley, which was a bit embarrassing. We then went to the supermarket to buy groceries and Lesley had to loan me some more money. 

It took a couple of hours to put the Mini's engine back together. It would have taken less but I couldn't find a strobe light to set the timing up properly. Lesley offered to clean the flat for me while I fixed the car, which I was grateful for as cleaning never was my thing. 

With the Mini repaired we went in and had a shower together. Lesley made some sandwiches and we discussed plans for the evening. My suggestion was to try and pick somebody up in a hotel bar and if that didn't work go on to a club. 

"What should I wear?" said Lesley

"Nothing too sexy, otherwise the staff might get the wrong idea in the hotel."

"I've got a summer dress with me. It's quite short but not too short." 

"That sounds perfect." I said. "Listen, I've been thinking. We should wear condoms with people we don't know and I'd like to keep anal sex for us. Do you mind?"

"It makes sense. Do we have any condoms?"

"No but we can get them in a hotel toilet I'm sure"

We drove into Lincoln and found the lounge bar of the large hotel in the centre of town. It was 9.30 p.m. when we got there and the place was busy. The plan was that Lesley would sit at the bar and I'd sit at a table watching her. If anyone asked then she was waiting to meet a date. If she met someone she liked then eventually she'd bring them over to me. If she wanted to get away from someone then she'd pretend to have only just noticed that I had been sitting here all the time.

Lesley sat by herself for half an hour sipping on her rum and coke. By 10.00 pm the crowd was thinning as people started moving on to clubs or back to their rooms for the evening. Fortunately that was when Mike decided to make his move.

Mike was a thirty five year old American, from Illinois. He was six foot tall, very well built and with a nourished look that many UK people didn't have back then. When Mike was eighteen he'd enlisted in the U.S. army and had spent the next 7 years abroad including some time in Cambodia and Vietnam, where he'd been injured. He'd been medically discharged when he was twenty five and returned to his home town where he got a job with John Deere, the tractor company. A wife and children followed but it hadn't worked out and so now he travelled the world teaching people how to use and maintain agricultural equipment. He was in Lincoln to support a big customer who had just made a large investment in new machinery.

Mike walked up to Lesley and introduced himself. He said he'd noticed that she was sitting alone and wondered if he could join her. She told him that she had been waiting for someone but that they hadn't turned up. She invited him to sit with her, he bought a round of drinks and the two started chatting. Lesley gave out all the signs of attraction, toying with her hair and touching his arm when she wanted to emphasise a point in the conversation. He began to touch her arm in response leaving it lingering on her a little longer each time. When Lesley responded positively he let his hand rest casually on her leg. Emboldened by Lesley's keenness and another round of drinks he began to stroke her leg and to the casual observer they were boyfriend and girlfriend having a drink. From where I was sitting, the point at which he invited Lesley back to his room was pretty obvious. He turned to look straight at me and then turned back to Lesley. You could see that the two of them were talking quietly so as not to be overheard then after a short conversation they both got up and walked over to where I was sitting.

"Steven, this is Mike. Mike's invited us up to his room for a nightcap."

We followed Mike up to his room. He let us in and Lesley went to powder her nose.

"I just want to check," said Mike, "you're ok with this?"

"Yes, we are both fine with it," I said. "Condoms are a must though and please, no anal."

"I understand, I always pack a few condoms, just in case." Then he asked, "Have you done this sort of thing before?"

"Kind of, but you are the first single guy we've met."

Lesley bounced out of the bathroom and headed over to us. She had a big grin on her face which I wasn't sure was due to nerves or excitement. Mike excused himself to freshen up and when we were alone Lesley gave me a hug.

"You're ok with this?" I asked.

"Of course I am, now relax."

When Mike came back it was my turn to freshen up. I spent longer in the bathroom than strictly necessary in order to give the two of them some time together. Lesley was obviously keen to get started however and when I came out she was already on her knees sucking on Mike's cock. Like the rest of him, Mike's cock was big and Lesley was working it like a pro. When she saw me she stopped and told me to stand next him so that she could take turns sucking on both of us. She alternated between the two cocks, taking one in her mouth for a few seconds before moving back to the other. When we were both good and hard she told us to move closer together in order that she could suck on both at the same time. Mike put his arm around my waist for balance and Lesley grabbed each of us by the cock then forced both of them into her mouth. I could feel her tongue probing our dicks as she wanked their shafts.

Coming up for air she said to me, "Have you seen the size of Mike's cock?"

"You can't really miss it," I replied.

"Not every girl appreciates it," Mike admitted.

"I think I'll be able to accommodate it," said Lesley. Then she addressed me and said, "You sit here and watch me fuck Mike."

I sat down and watched the two of them embrace. Lesley undid Mike's shirt buttons to reveal a huge scar on Mike's lower abdomen. She ran her fingers along it then bent down to kiss it. Mike unzipped Lesley's summer dress, removed it from her and unclipped her bra.

"No panties," he commented.

"It's our thing," she replied, glancing at me as she said it.

Lesley motioned to Mike to lie back on the bed and she got on all fours to continue sucking on him. Her arse wiggled provocatively in front of me. I couldn't ignore it so I got up and first massaged her clitoris then started to finger her pussy in preparation for the monster that was shortly going to invade it. When I could slip three fingers past the knuckle into her I considered that my job was done and sat back down again. She took this as a sign to move onto the next stage and moved up Mike's body kissing it as she did, until their mouths connected.

"Have you got a condom?" she whispered to him.

Mike reached across to the bedside table and retrieved a condom from the box he'd placed there. He took the condom out of its wrapper and rolled it onto his cock. I was glad he put it on himself as it occurred to me that Lesley probably hadn't used one before. With the condom on, Lesley positioned herself over him and began to lower her pussy onto his shaft. I'd figured that if she could take Ruth's strap-on then she could probably take Mike's cock and the calculation proved correct. Mike gave that low sigh that guys often give when they first slip into a girl. 

To begin with Lesley gently rocked her hips backwards and forwards on him, keeping the length of his cock inside her. After a while she began to move herself up and down his shaft and he responded in rhythm thrusting his hips to meet her. The pace got faster and Lesley began to whimper as Mike pumped her more forcefully.
