 Things had been going well with Lesley since we'd first met at Ruth and David's. There had been countless phone conversations and each Wednesday we'd meet up for a drink at a pub just outside Leicester. Timing wasn't on our side however as my end of year exams were looming. I was the first person in my family to go to university and I didn't want to let my parents down. We weren't a rich family and I knew the sacrifices they had made to give me this opportunity. So we made the decision to keep things platonic until I'd got my exams out of the way. It was frustrating as hell. Lesley always made an effort to look hot for our meetings and sometimes it would draw the attention of the other drinkers but she seemed oblivious to their glances. It really felt like she only had eyes for me.

When we met, Lesley always wanted to know more about me. Sometimes our conversations felt a bit like of an interrogation. I didn't mind, in fact I found it flattering. We discovered that we had a shared interest in the film Blade Runner. Lesley was a big fan of the author Philip K. Dick who wrote the book it was based on, while I had to admit that I had a thing for the character Pris played by Darryl Hannah. On disclosing this, I got a hundred more questions about what I liked about Pris. Was it her body? Was it the way she dressed? Was it her manner? I felt there was almost a bit of jealousy. She countered with an affectation for Rambo which I was a bit surprised at. She told me she loved his strong silent persona and that she had a thing for muscular guys. Then she paid me a compliment and said that I looked a bit like Sylvester Stallone, which in a very, very dark room I might have.

At the end of the evening we'd sit in my car for a while and make out. It was hard to resist the temptation to fuck her but if you've ever tried to do it in a Mini then you'll know it's not going happen easily.

We made plans to spend the weekend together after my exams finished and Lesley suggested we spend it at her flat. I wasn't really sure about spending the weekend in an apartment paid for by David but in truth I had no money to do anything else. She said that she would arrange with Ruth to make sure that we had the weekend to ourselves.

In the meantime I studied hard and when I wasn't studying spent my time in the gym or running. The exams were two weeks before the end of the summer term. They finished on the Wednesday and after that there was nothing to do except party and wait to find out the results. 

I drove to Nottingham on the Friday. I thought that if I left a bit earlier I could surprise Lesley and meet her as she came out of work. I knew what time she finished and so I parked the Mini in a car park nearby and waited for her outside the main doors of the building I thought she worked in. Just when I was beginning to question whether I'd got the right building she emerged chatting to two colleagues. When she noticed me she shrieked then ran towards me and launched herself onto me. If she'd been any heavier or I'd spent less time at the gym then she'd have bowled me over. After planting a big kiss on me she turned back to her colleagues.

"Rachel, Pete. This is my boyfriend, Steven."

"Hi. Everyone except Lesley calls me Steve," I said.

"Hi," Pete responded. "Lesley's told us all about you but we were beginning to think you might not exist. How did the exams go?"

"Ok, I think. I'll find out in a week."

"Can we tempt the two of you to come for a Friday pint?" Rachel asked. "Lesley never comes with us but you might be able to persuade her to change her mind."

"Can we?" said Lesley. Her eyes implored me. 

"Sure. You don't need to ask a student if he fancies a pint."

We went to a pub close to where they worked and Pete got a round in. It turned out that Lesley, Rachel and Pete were all hired at the same time. Rachel and Pete had hooked up soon after and were now living together. 

Lesley was funny. She couldn't stop talking the whole time we were in the pub. I wasn't sure if it was nerves or excitement but everyone else struggled to get a word in. When the time came I offered to get the next round in but Pete declined saying that they needed to make a move.

"Listen..." he said, "it's a long shot but if you guys are free tomorrow night then we're going to a club in Nottingham. It's our two year anniversary."

Lesley looked at me with those same imploring eyes. I squeezed her hand.

"We'd love to," she said.

Pete and I walked outside while the girls made plans. He lit up a cigarette and took a long puff. 

"We've never seen her so happy these last few weeks."

"Thanks," I said, not sure how to respond. "Fingers crossed." 

I followed Lesley home in the Mini. Her apartment was on the first floor of a modern two story block of private flats with underground parking. David had spent a bit of money on this place for sure. Once we were in the apartment we didn't last twenty seconds before my trousers were off and her panties were around her ankles. I grabbed her arse and hoisted her up. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my hips. I pushed her back against the hallway wall and inserted my cock all the way into her already moist pussy, then left it there while we kissed.

"Where is the bedroom?" I asked.

"Over there, on the left."

With my cock still in her I carried her to the bedroom and carefully laid her on the bed. Lying on top of her I started to pump her, gently at first but she urged me to go in harder. Her legs were still wrapped around me and every time I lifted my hips her whole lower body came with me. However hard I went she implored me to fuck her harder. A change of position was called for. I told her to un-wrap her legs and lift her knees to her chest. With her legs on my shoulders I took the weight of my upper body on my arms and stuffed my cock back into her then proceeded to fuck her as hard as I could. Each stroke came all the way out then slammed back in. I fucked her for all I was worth, desperate to give her the servicing she cried out for. Eventually she came, screaming loudly when she did, her fingernails digging into my arse cheeks. I kept going as long as I could until inevitably I shot my load in her and we collapsed on the bed.

She snuggled into me and I put my arm round her. After a couple of minutes of lying there I thought I heard a sniff.

"Are you ok?" I asked. 

She lifted her head and I saw that tears were welling up in her eyes.

"What's the matter?"

"When we met Pete and Rachel I told them that you were my boyfriend. I should have asked you first." 

"It's not a problem, I'm flattered," I said.

"I want you to be my boyfriend but I'm already in a relationship with David. I don't think anyone wants to share their girlfriend with someone else. I didn't want to bring this up now. I'm so sorry I just couldn't help crying when I thought about it."

"I look at it this way," I said. "If it hadn't been for meeting Ruth and David then I wouldn't have met you. So really I've got them to thank for that. 

She sniffed and said, "I guess".

I've never had a proper girlfriend before. I've had fun with a few couples over the past few months and I enjoy it. What I guess that I'm looking for is someone who wants to share that with me. I guess I'm looking for my own version of Ruth."

"I'd love to be your Ruth," she said and her face lit up.

"Then this could be the start of something great."

"And you'd be ok with me and David?"

"I would. The only thing I ask is that we are honest with each other and we discuss everything."

"I won't let you down, I promise. So how do we start meeting other people? I want to show you what a good decision you've made."

"Well, there are swinger clubs and contact magazines. I've never been to a club but I'll buy you a copy of Rendezvous contact magazine tomorrow. I met Ruth and David though Rendezvous."

"Ok." 

"Now, shall we go out and get some food? I'm starving."

We managed to get a table for two at a little Italian restaurant round the corner from Lesley's apartment. As it was a Friday night the place was busy and we were lucky to get a table. I hadn't noticed before but for someone who was so slight Lesley could certainly pack her food away. Alcohol was a different story however. I started with a beer, she had a gin and tonic, then we shared a bottle of wine. When we left the restaurant she was already giggling like a school girl.

"There's a newsagent that stays open late just down the street. Do you think they'll have your magazine?"

We went in search of the newsagent and sure enough tucked away on the top shelf they had a copy of Rendezvous. I bought it with a still giggling Lesley standing by my side then we made a quick exit. When we got home Lesley devoured the magazine from cover to cover. She'd have had us travelling the length and breadth of the country given the chance. I could see that she was keen to prove a point.

"Let's leave that for another day," I said. "We've got some catching up to do."

We fucked again then fell asleep, Lesley clutching me tightly. It felt good.

I woke up at around 8 a.m. on Saturday. Lesley was still fast asleep so I got up, made myself a coffee and sat in the lounge. I hadn't really noticed the lounge the night before. It was well furnished and one wall had been fitted with end to end bookshelves which were heaving with books. They were mostly science fiction but with a mix of others too. There were also a selection of graphic novels (posh comics) and at the very top, almost out of reach, a collection of videocassettes. I could see Blade Runner and Rambo amongst others but there were also a number DVDs in plain boxes too (the sort you used to record off the telly). They looked suspiciously like the videocassettes David used to film his exploits. I was tempted to put one in the video player and find out but thought better of it.

I picked up what I thought was going to be a graphic novel but it turned out to be Asterix. I'd never been into superhero comics but Asterix made me chuckle. Unfortunately this copy was in French so I had to do the best I could with my O-level French. I was trying my best to translate it when Lesley walked in, naked.

"Morning lover," she said, straddling me on the sofa and making sure my attention was no longer on the book. "Asterix? I can see we have some work to do with you." 

"I'm just a simple engineer milady."

I grabbed her buttocks and pulled her into me before kissing her. She responded pushing her tongue deep into my mouth while parting my dressing gown with one hand and releasing my cock down below.

"I'm desperate for a cup of tea," she said teasingly before climbing off me and heading for the kitchen. "Can I get you another coffee?"

"I guess."

She returned carrying two mugs which she placed on the coffee table, then sat down beside me and gave me a hug.

"That's a lot of books you've got there." 

"They're my friends."

"Have you read them all?"

"Oh yes."

"The videos look like they're the ones David uses in his video camera."

"Some of them are. Some are just regular porno films David brought for us to watch." Then she asked, "David likes to film me with him. Does it bother you?"

"No. I think most guys would find it a turn on to watch their girlfriend with another guy. I certainly would."

Lesley cuddled up to me and said, "That's the first time you've called me your girlfriend!"

"Well you'd better get used to it," I said reassuringly.

"Would you like to watch one now? I've only got ones of me and David, none with Ruth."

She turned on the television, picked a cassette from the shelf and inserted it into the video player. She made sure it was playing then sat back down next to me. The screen was blank for a while then suddenly Lesley and David appeared. They were making out on the same sofa that we were currently sitting on. Lesley wore a short skirt and tight knitted top and in no time at all David had pulled her panties to one side and was fingering her pussy. She responded by unzipping his trousers and fishing out his dick which she proceeded to wank to a stiff erection.

"What do you think of it?" Lesley asked.

"I love that skirt."

"I'll wear it for you sometime. Now watch the rest while I suck you off." 

I turned my attention back to the screen while her head bobbed slowly up and down on my cock. The on-screen activity had moved on and now they were both standing, locked in an embrace. David was rubbing his cock up her belly, almost dry humping her while she kissed him. Lesley undid his belt, removed his trousers and pants then went down on her knees to suck his cock. She started with the head but built up to taking all of it into her mouth. This was clearly working for David. He held the back of her head and started to move his cock in and out of her mouth, fucking it. Quickly he built up to full thrusts. You could see she was occasionally gagging now and saliva was dripping down from her chin onto her chest. He kept going until she had to pull away from him coughing. He gave her a moment then started to fuck her mouth again but this time harder. When it seemed liked she wouldn't be able to take any more, he pulled out. Still holding her head with one hand he guided his cock to the bridge of her nose and came over her eyes. She tried to keep them open, all the time looking up at him.

"You took his cock all the way. How do you do that?"

"You have to relax. Hasn't anyone done that for you before?" she said as I felt the head of my cock meet the back of her throat.

"That's nice," I said. "But I want you on top of me right now."

"There's a bit more video to come."

She positioned herself on top of me and let her pussy slide onto my cock. I could still just see the screen which showed Lesley, now on her back and fucking herself with a dildo. David filmed her in extreme close up as the dong went in and out of her. Just as she orgasmed, a jet of fluid squirted out and all of a sudden she was very wet. She kept going until the waves of orgasm subsided then lay back with the dildo still inside her. It stayed there for a while then popped out and fell to the floor.  

"Did you enjoy watching me?"

"Very much!"

"Next time hopefully it will be for real."

She ground her pussy into me and started to fuck me faster. I responded thrusting my cock in her until we were banging our bodies into each other hard. She was really getting off on the grinding and orgasmed on this alone which allowed me to get rid of my morning load quickly. We stayed coupled and as my erection faded I could feel my juices seeping out of her into my lap.

"Mmm, that's the way to start the day," she said. 

We spent the rest of the day either in bed or in the pub. We'd had had a liquid lunch and when it got to about five in the afternoon, decided that we needed something to fill our bellies before we went out. We walked arm in arm to the chip shop and ordered cod and chips twice, then rushed back to eat them while they were still hot. Nothing beats fish and chips straight from the packet. 

Having wolfed down her portion of cod and chips Lesley's attention turned to meeting Rachel and Pete that evening. Apparently we were going to meet for a drink at 8.30 p.m. and then on to the club later.

"What are you going to wear?" she asked me.

"I brought a shirt and trousers just in case we went out anywhere."

"I'm not sure what I should wear."

"Wear what you normally wear to a club."

"I've not been to a club before."

"Ah I see... Well, in that case I'd suggest something sexy but that's just me."

"I'll go and have a look."

She went off to sort through her wardrobe and came back in the tightest pair of trousers I had ever seen. They were exactly the same as the ones worn by Olivia Newton John in Grease, shiny and skin tight, with a high waist. On top she had a loose fitting crop top that showed just a hint of midriff.

"You look stunning, but you know you've got VPL"

"What do you mean, VPL?"

"You've got a visible panty line! Those knickers will have to go."

"You like me with no knickers?"

"Oh yes!"

"Then whenever we go out I'll make sure I'm not wearing any."

"You're such a tart."

"I hope so." 

We met Rachel and Pete at a bar near to the nightclub. It was heaving but eventually we managed to get a drink and find a place to sit. Lesley got a few glances while we were standing up and she swore that one guy stroked her arse but fortunately she didn't look too out of place in the disco crowd. Rachel was dressed a little more plainly but still attractive. The girls chatted while Pete and I talked about sport. Pete was a smoker and these days you can't believe how smoky pubs and clubs were back then, but at the time you just took it for granted. I asked Pete about living in Nottingham. He liked it, there was plenty of nightlife and house prices weren't too expensive. He and Rachel were saving up for a deposit on their own house. Then Pete confided in me that he planned to ask Rachel to marry him this evening. He hadn't got a ring yet but this was the place that he'd first asked her out two years ago, so it seemed appropriate. I congratulated him and told him he'd made a good choice in Rachel.

"She may not have an arse like Lesley, but I love her!" Then said, "Do you think Lesley knows the effect those trousers are having on guys?"

"I'm pretty sure she does," I replied. 

One thing I hated about nightclubs was the queuing to get in. We queued outside the Palais for twenty minutes. Fortunately it was a warm evening. Eventually we made it inside and managed to get served with drinks. After a bit Rachel decided it was time to dance and found a willing accomplice in Lesley. Pete and I stayed to look after the drinks, we could see the girls on the dance-floor and clearly they were enjoying themselves. Inevitably they got approached by a couple of guys and the girls let them dance with them for a while. When it got to the stage where the guys asked them for a drink they pointed over to us and the guys good naturedly walked away. You couldn't blame them for trying.

When the girls came back we got some more drinks in. Lesley was matching me round for round and was already on her fifth rum and coke. I suggested that she should slow down but she assured me she was fine. Then, Pete said he had an announcement to make. He went down on one knee and proposed to Rachel, who fortunately said, "Yes." The proposal got a cheer from the surrounding clubbers. There were congratulations and a few tears from Rachel then the happy couple went for a dance, leaving Lesley and I on our own.

"Do you think you'll ever propose to me?" she asked.

"I think there's an inevitably about that, don't you?"

"Yes," she said and kissed me.

Rachel and Pete came back from their dance and we had a couple more drinks, then they announced that they needed to leave, presumably to consummate their engagement. I asked Lesley if she wanted to go but she told me that we couldn't leave until she'd had a dance with me. We said our goodbyes to Rachel and Pete and headed for the dance floor. Lesley had definitely had too much to drink by this stage and she was dancing way too provocatively for public consumption. Two guys came to join us and she didn't seem to mind so I let it continue for a bit, they were copping the occasional feel of her arse and she seemed to enjoy the attention. Then she started to lead one of the guys on a bit, dancing with him a little too closely for my comfort. I didn't want to spoil her fun but I thought it was probably time get her home.

We collected our jackets from the cloakroom and walked into the night air. Lesley was definitely a bit woozy but the fresh air perked her up a bit. We got about a hundred yards down the road when I realised that the two guys from the club were following us. They drew alongside Lesley and one of the guys started to chat to her.
