 I've been fortunate enough to have been swinging for over thirty years now. I started swinging as a single guy and it looks like that's the way I'll finish, but I'm happy to say that for most of the time it's not been the case.

There's a hierarchy in any sort of swinging scene and as you get older your position in it changes. Of course, the young beautiful people will always be at the top but that isn't always where the most fun is to be had. At 5'9" I was never going to be a male model, but my advantage was that I've always been reasonably fit and quite muscular. I was built a bit like a male gymnast. Not all the women I fancied were into this physique but I found that I often appealed to women older than me. As I got older the more appealing I got to women of my own age however. Especially when compared to their husbands who were beginning to let themselves go.

My first swinging experience was at University. Uni really opened my eyes to sex with people my own age, but by accident one day in my second year I found a discarded copy of Rendezvous swingers' magazine. For the millennials reading this, Rendezvous was one of the ways of making contact before the internet came along. Advertisers would place an advert in the magazine saying what they were looking for and respondents would send a reply to Rendezvous giving their address or phone number and perhaps including a Polaroid picture of the sort that you couldn't get developed at Boots the chemist. If you were a match the advertisers would reply. 

I started to buy Rendezvous regularly and began to reply to couples looking for single guys. Most of them were more mature. The woman (and often the guy too) were looking to get it on with a young guy and it was usually the case of the younger the better. As a student, with nobody tracking your whereabouts, you were ideally placed to capitalise on this market.

My first attempt at a meet was a disaster. I drove a hundred miles in my clapped out old mini to meet a couple in their mid-40's. I got there too early and they weren't ready but worse than that they both looked very rough, bordering on unhygienic. It creeped me out and so, on the pretence of going out to fill the car up with petrol, I made my excuses and headed for the hills. It taught me a valuable lesson about saying no if it didn't feel right.

My second attempt was a real winner however but I almost turned the offer down. I got a really nice letter from a couple in their late 40s who lived in the wilds of Lincolnshire. It explained that they were a liberated couple but that he (David) had contracted mouth & throat cancer which had left him unable to talk but also unable to kiss his wife (Ruth) passionately and that she really missed this intimacy. They included a Polaroid of Ruth in the bath and to be honest she looked a bit plain and a bit overweight. I didn't really fancy her but I liked the letter and so I responded saying that I'd like to meet them. Their next letter invited me to stay with them for the weekend, they offered pay for my train fare, show me around the area and most importantly (for a student) feed me.

A couple of weekends later I skipped lectures on Friday afternoon and made the long journey over to Lincoln. It was 8 in the evening before I arrived at the station. I was surprised that it was Ruth who was going to meet me but then being met by David, who couldn't talk, would have been difficult I guess. When I saw her triumph GT6 in the car park I realised that three was going to be a crowd anyway. I'd always had a thing for those little Triumphs (even though they were real rust buckets). It took about 45 minutes to drive from the station to their house and during that time Ruth explained about David's illness and what to expect. Apart from the obvious impact of the surgery the medication made him tire easily but other than that the rest of him was very much intact. Ruth also explained that David was a writer and that I might have heard of him. I hadn't but he must have been doing ok because when we arrived at their house I was a bit taken back at the size of it. David had obviously had some success.

David was waiting for us at the front door, probably keen to make sure that his wife hadn't brought home an axe murderer. Introductions were made and quickly we moved onto the subject of feeding the impoverished student. By the time we'd eaten and had a glass of wine it was around 10.30. David was clearly tiring but then he gave what must have been a pre-arranged signal to Ruth that (presumably) he was happy that I wasn't an axe murderer and that things could proceed to the next stage. Ruth, a little bit flushed now, explained that her husband was off to bed but that if I liked she would join me in my bedroom in a little while. I liked very much. They showed me to my room, complete with en-suite and suggested I took a shower and slipped into the dressing gown they'd provided, while Ruth and David returned to their room. 

I showered brushed my teeth and sat on the bed waiting for what seemed like an age. Eventually Ruth knocked on the door also in a dressing gown but clearly with stockings on underneath it. She had a bottle of red wine and two glasses which she filled before joining me on the bed. We sat and chatted mainly about David and his illness. I wasn't sure how to change the subject to the matter at hand but I needn't have worried as Ruth took the lead, taking my glass off me and putting it down on the bedside table before kissing me passionately. I felt like my mouth was being devoured and after a while things got very sloppy but she still kept tonguing me and inviting my tongue in her. I undid the tie on her dressing gown and opened it to reveal expensive lingerie. Ruth had a cleavage to die for and I couldn't help going straight for her tits. I climbed on top of her and continued to kiss her while dry humping her through her panties. She started to moan quite loudly, I don't know if it was for the benefit of David in the other room (if he was still awake) or whether she was just like that. 

With some desperation in her voice she said to me, "We've got all weekend, but right now I need you to fuck me." 

I got off her and reached into the dressing gown pocket for a condom I'd put there. 

"There's no need, it's safe and besides I want you to cum inside me." 

This was the early 80's, AIDs was a year or two off hitting the headlines. In those days safe meant no pregnancy. I didn't need to be asked twice. I pulled her panties off and got back on top of her slipping easily inside her. I started slowly but she encouraged me to go faster and deeper. I was worried I was going to cum too soon but she kept encouraging me saying that she wanted my cum inside her now. Before long the inevitable happened. I was balls deep in her when I came. She moaned louder and we stayed locked together for a minute or so. 

"Excuse me, but I just need to pop back to see David for a moment." 

She got up clutching her hand between her pussy and left the room. I tidied myself up. Put my dressing gown on and poured myself another glass of wine. It was about half an hour before she came back. I wasn't sure what to make of it. She'd tidied herself up but was still wearing her stockings and suspenders. She poured herself a glass of wine, sat next to me and kissed me passionately, then apologised for walking out and leaving me for so long. She explained that it was part of the turn on for David. He liked to hear her being fucked and when the guy had cum in her she would go back to his room, kneel on top of him and drip the guy's cum into his mouth, while he jacked off. She said that they had originally done this in the same room but had found that some guys found this a turn off. So David waited in the other room with just his imagination and a hard on for company, biding his time. She apologised for making me cum so quickly but she knew he was tired and she didn't want to keep him up too late. I asked her if she enjoyed it and she said yes she did and she was looking forward to spending the night with me but she also wished sometimes that David would join her in the same room. I could see she was testing the water so I said I didn't mind if tomorrow he did. She smiled, hugged me then went down on me getting me hard before riding me cowboy style until we both fell asleep exhausted. 

I woke up the next morning and momentarily couldn't figure out where I was. Then it came to me, I was at Ruth and David's house. I thought about last night's events and turned to see Ruth still fast asleep. I tiptoed to the en-suite to have a pee, trying not to disturb her but by the time I got back into bed she was stirring. 

"Morning!" she said as she cuddled up to me, putting her head on my chest. 

I could feel her ample tits pressing up against me, while her leg was covering my now growing cock. She must have felt this because she reached down and released my erection from under her leg before cupping by balls in her hand and gently squeezing them. It was a very agreeable sensation and she continued to do this while she started to kiss my neck. I thought we were going to fuck but instead she started working her way down my body until her tongue was gently brushing my balls. 

"Would you like me to suck you off?" she whispered. 

I'm not sure she waited for the answer before she took the head of my cock between her lips and gradually slid the rest of it into her mouth. With the thumb and forefinger of her right hand she wanked the base of my shaft while her left hand cupped my balls. I began to arch my back in time with her wanking, fucking her mouth, slowly at first but harder and more frantically as time went on. I wasn't sure if she wanted my load so I told her I wanted to cum. She didn't flinch, instead what she did was stick her finger in my arse, which finished me off and I shot my load in her mouth. She kept a seal around my cock licking the head and squeezing my shaft to coax out the last of the cum. Then she did something I wasn't expecting. She removed my cock from her mouth and without swallowing moved up to kiss me. Now, to be honest, once I've cum I lose interest for a few minutes, always have done. But she was intent on snowballing me and I didn't want to appear ungrateful, so we French kissed as she fed me back my cum. It was the first time I'd tasted cum, let alone my own! But clearly cum play was a turn on for her. After a quick cuddle she got up and left saying that breakfast would in an hour. 

Nothing beats the smell of a good fry up, especially after you've worked up an appetite. When I made it to the kitchen Ruth was busy cooking the bacon and eggs while David was sitting at the table reading a paper. The kitchen was straight out of the pages of Country Living and was clearly the hub of the house with an Aga always on for warmth. I tucked into the full English and felt sorry for David as he had his cereal. The lack of conversation with him felt a bit awkward. Here I was sitting at his table, eating his food, fucking his wife. It wasn't immediately obvious what he was getting out of this but he looked happy enough and in any case Ruth kept the conversation flowing. Ruth told me that David was going to meet a friend at lunchtime for a drink at the pub and then he was going to have a sleep in the afternoon in order that he could spend time with us tonight. They had booked a table for 7.30 at a very nice restaurant not far away. I got a bit worried at this point and explained that all I'd brought in my rucksack was my normal student attire. 

"We thought that might be the case. So, the plan is to go into Lincoln today and pick something out for you. Don't worry about the cost, David has far more money than he knows what to do with," said Ruth laughing.

We took Ruth's little Triumph to Lincoln to go shop for something to wear. The experience was a bit like going shopping with your mum, which I guess she almost could have been. Ruth must have been early forties. David was older, probably mid-fifties. I don't think they had had kids themselves and perhaps this was why Ruth spent so much on kitting me out for the evening. We stopped for some lunch and I asked her how long they had been married. She said she'd met David in her late twenties. He had been married at the time but they'd had had an affair and after five years he left his wife for her. His career as a writer was just beginning to take off and a couple of years later he got his first big book deal, others followed. They had led an idyllic existence until he became ill. He had had to undergo a lot of treatment and the cancer had taken most of his tongue. They didn't know what the future held for them but they were determined to make the most of it.

It was late afternoon when we got back and with dinner at 7.30 it was a rush to get ready. I had a shower, a shave, brushed my teeth and made myself presentable in my new clothes. Only the underwear was my own and it let the side down a bit. I went downstairs to the lounge to wait for the others. When they came down the best way to describe Ruth was, expensive. David was dressed in a suit and tie. We left the house and David pulled a new Jag out of the garage. Ruth sat up front and I sat in the back, you could smell the leather in it. 

The restaurant was predictably posh. We had cocktails before our meal, then a full three course meal. I couldn't resist having steak, Ruth had some sort of fish and David by special arrangement had an omelette. Had the circumstances been different we'd have probably spent longer at the restaurant but everyone seemed keen to get home. We walked back to the car but instead of sitting up front Ruth got in the back with me. David started up the engine but rather than stick the car into reverse he just waited. Ruth reached over and kissed me passionately. I responded groping her tits through her blouse. 

"Get them out, I know you want to," she told me.

She sat back in the centre of the back seat letting me undo her blouse and bra, all the while looking at her husband's eyes watching her in the rear-view mirror. I released her tits from captivity and sucked on her nipples which were already hard. Reaching down I hitched up her skirt and pushed my hand against her crotch. She started to moan. David put the car in gear and we started to drive home.

We arrived back at their house a bit dishevelled. Ruth and I went into the lounge and David disappeared for a while. He first came back with drinks and a video cassette, then with a big case. 

Ruth said, "David likes to film our fun, would you mind?" 

By this time I would have agreed to anything and David wasted no time in setting up his video recorder on a tripod. By today's standards it was massive and used a whole full-size video cassette. He pointed the camera at the sofa that Ruth and I were sitting on and pressed record. He then switched the television on, started the video player, then came and sat on the sofa on the other side of Ruth. 

"This is just a short video to get you both in the mood," Ruth said as she reached down and stroked both of our legs. 

I took my lead from David and sat motionless while she undid our belts and zippers in turn. I had assumed that we were going to watch a porno, and it was, but I hadn't expected Ruth to be the star. She was with two guys a little older than me. At first, she was stood up sandwiched between them, wanking their cocks while they kissed her, then she was on all fours spit roasted with the guys taking turns at both ends. Ruth gently wanked our cocks while we watched. The video ended with one guy shooting his load in her pussy, then the other getting behind her and giving her sloppy seconds. There was a pause in the video and then the final scene was Ruth sitting on top of David grinding her cum filled pussy into his face. 

When the video had ended Ruth got up and took off her clothes leaving on just her stockings and suspenders, then she knelt down in front of the two of us. David and I shuffled closer together so that she could take turns sucking on us. 

"Do you mind if David holds your cock while I suck you?" she asked. 

I made a low moan which they took to be agreement and David reached over and cupped my balls while Ruth gently licked my shaft. I reached over and cupped his balls in a similar fashion. Ruth looked up at me and smiled then giving me one more suck she turned her attention to David. I grabbed his cock at the base while she worked his shaft with her mouth. The poor guy must have been bursting to cum because he didn't last more than two minutes before he emptied his load in her mouth. Taking care not to lose a drop she got up and mounted me while I was still sitting on the sofa, she kissed me like she had done in the morning, shovelling his cum into my mouth. 

Ruth then reached down and guided my cock into her pussy. I started to fuck her slowly so as not to cum too quickly this time. I always find that the first five minutes are crucial. If I can get past this stage then I can go like a train, almost to the point where I lose sensitivity and it becomes hard to cum. I was prepared to risk this tonight in order to put on a good show. David having regained his composure got up and adjusted the position of the video camera in order that it had a good view of my cock sliding in and out of Ruth, then he came over to view the action close up. I felt his hand cup my balls again. He reached for a bottle of baby oil and I assumed he was going to lubricate my shaft before realising that I wasn't the intended target. Ruth gasped and stopped grinding into me as David forced his finger into her arse. She waited for a moment to get used to the sensation then slowly started backing down his finger. He withdrew, re-lubricated and then shoved two fingers up her. She squealed in genuine pain but David persisted and as the pain began to subside she started to fuck me again, slowly at first then more frantically. David has his two fingers knuckle deep in her arse and I could feel his fingers inside her rubbing my cock through her vagina wall. She was moaning in both pain and pleasure, 

"I'm a little slut aren't I?" she whispered to me. "I bet your other girlfriends wouldn't do this." 

She bounced up and down on top of me until by accident my cock popped out. It slid along the crease of her arse. I felt a hand grab it and at the same time Ruth pinned me back on the sofa so that I couldn't move. She moved her hips up so that David could get better access to it and I felt his lips sink down over me. Now a lifetime of swinging has taught me that if you close your eyes it is very hard to tell if you are being sucked off by a guy or a girl, but being sucked off by a guy without a tongue definitely left a bit to be desired. Ruth kissed me as David devoured my cock and wanked my shaft. I think he was hoping that I was going to cum but by this time I was in for the night. When he'd satisfied himself, he reached for the baby oil again, massaged my shaft with it then guided Ruth's arsehole onto my cock. His fingering preparation had done the trick. It was tight but my cock slid in. 

I let Ruth set the pace but she didn't like the position so she rose up off me, told me stay where I was then she sat back down on me, reverse cowboy, staring into the camera that David had set up. My cock was all the way in her and she ground her arse into me while moaning for the camera, David came and sat beside us. He started fingering her pussy trying to massage her G-spot. She clearly loved the attention and the massaging seemed to work. Her movements became more frantic as she urged David to fuck her pussy harder. Her hands gripped my buttocks and her nails pierced my skin as an orgasm hit her. 

"Put it in me, all the way!" she told him. 

At first, I thought she wanted his cock but then I saw him slather his hand in baby oil. Ruth screamed as he pushed his fist inside her then continue to fuck her with his hand. She was convulsing and by this stage my legs were covered in a pool of her juices. My cock in her arse was irrelevant, she just wanted David's fist deep inside her. After a while the juddering stopped and she lay back on me, spent. David withdrew his hand and it came out with a gush of air followed by more fluid. 
