 This is the eleventh episode of my unreliable memoirs. Each episode can be read individually but it helps to have read the previous episodes starting from the beginning. 

I hope you enjoy the stories.

M4bloke

******************

We left for France on the Friday. What had started out as an opportunity to ride down to Provence and spend a week with Carole and Fabien before their wedding was now turning into a bit of a grand tour since Lesley had told Kate about our plans.

The two girls spoke almost daily on the phone and Kate had persuaded Daniel that, since they were already going to be at the wedding, he should take some time off work in order that they could join us on their Harley. How much persuading Daniel had needed I didn't know. It seemed likely that time with the girls should have been a sufficiently compelling argument in itself. But Kate had also been concerned about Daniel as he hadn't seemed himself over the past few weeks. He was a bit quiet and withdrawn and she'd hoped that a break would do him good. 

It turned out that Daniel had always wanted to ride his bike in the Alps and so a plan was formed which had us meeting up at a hotel just outside Annecy, conveniently located both for the mountains and the shops. Lesley and I would ride down while Daniel and Kate would fly to Geneva on the Tuesday and meet up with us. Daniel's bike would come down in a van along with all their stuff. When you had money you could do things like that. 

The days prior to our departure had been spent sorting everything else out. I serviced the bike making sure that every consumable item on it was renewed or replaced in readiness for the trip. I was also determined to finish off the stone wall I'd rebuilt for Ruth and David before being stabbed. All it needed was a layer of cement on top to seal it and since the weather was dry the conditions were ideal.

Lesley had made it clear that she wanted David to come over on the Wednesday and spend the night with her. With me having recuperated in Nottingham after the stabbing it meant that Lesley and David hadn't spent any time together in almost a month. Lesley wanted to make sure that David understood that she still wanted him in her life even after he had generously decided to sign the flat over to her. 

This left Ruth and I to re-form the "Wednesday club" although it looked like being a shadow of its former self. Since the stabbing Ruth had lost a bit of her confidence. I'd been careful never to blame her for what had happened but it was clear that she was carrying a lot of guilt.

"How about going for a meal to that pub we went to the night we met Mike?" I suggested as we sat in the kitchen on the Wednesday afternoon. 

"I wasn't sure if you'd want to spend time with me after, well..." 

"You remember that lacy bra you wore that night, would you wear it for me again?" 

Ruth smiled, happy to know I still wanted her and later that evening she wore exactly the same outfit she had on our previous outing, tight fitting jeans and a blouse that, if you looked carefully, revealed a little more than it should have.

Over dinner Ruth began to relax a bit and we talked about the plans to meet up at Carole and Fabien's wedding. She and David were driving down in the Jag and were staying on afterwards as work was going to be starting on their farmhouse. They were also going to be bringing down our clothes for the wedding, as we couldn't fit much on the bike.

After the meal we drove back to the house. Ruth seemed nervous about inviting me in and so I took the lead and grabbed her hand, leading her up to the bedroom. Once she knew I wanted her she relaxed and responded, kissing me passionately while she expertly undid my belt and reached into my trousers for my cock. I undid her blouse and unclipped her bra, unleashing her tits which were by far and away her greatest assets. 

Ruth then got down on her knees and sucked me where I stood, while I bent over slightly and fondled her tits. When she'd got me nice and hard I led her to the bed and laid her on her back. I deliberately didn't take my tee shirt off so that she couldn't see the scars and after checking she was moist I penetrated her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and drew my face to hers so that we could kiss.

Ruth's nervousness had evaporated by this stage and she urged me to fuck her hard. But instead I took it slowly. I needed to make sure that she knew I still wanted her, not just wanted to fuck her. Our tongues intertwined as we kissed and after a bit of teasing Ruth reached her orgasm just from the slow rhythmic penetration.

"I'd like to cum between your tits," I told her after she'd cum and she released her legs from around my waist.

Kneeling over her I dribbled some spit between her breasts which she then cupped together, letting me slip my cock in between. I started to fuck her tits and she whispered encouragement to me, telling me that it felt good. Then she lifted her head up and pulled her tits towards her so that the head of my cocked could shuttle backwards and forwards into her mouth. With my balls slapping against her chest and tits and her lips around my cock I came soon after and Ruth collected all of my cum in her mouth. I knew that she'd want to kiss me so I got off her and lay back on the bed. She climbed top of me and dribbled the cum from her mouth into mine before tonguing me as if to try and get it back again.

"Will you take your shirt off now?" Ruth asked.

I took my tee shirt off to reveal the scars. The edges were still a bit red but the redness would gradually fade in time, otherwise they were healed. Ruth bent over me and kissed her way along the scars, which is something that I have found quite a few women have wanted to do over the years.

"You got the tattoo I see."

"Yes, I quite like it. That and the scars make me look like a real bad boy," I joked.

"I bet Lesley is pleased."

"As punch."

"You know she'll have wanted to make sure that David sees her tattoo tonight, they're the only ones that really understand its significance. To Lesley her tattoo symbolises all she's ever wanted since her parents abandoned her."

"I hadn't thought of it like that," I said.

******************

Lesley arrived on Thursday evening. She was such a bundle of nervous energy she was almost bouncing off the walls with excitement. Ruth and David cooked for us and we had a good evening around the kitchen table, laughing and chatting and of course drinking wine. When we got back to the flat that night we fucked, then when we woke up on Friday we fucked again. 

In the morning we packed the bike and I did some last minute checks. The BMW had two panniers and a luggage rack which we used to strap our waterproofs to. Lesley had one pannier for her stuff and I had the other. They didn't hold much and in the end I had to put some of Lesley's stuff in mine. All that I took was a spare pair of jeans, some shorts, a couple of tee shirts, a pair of espadrille style shoes, some underwear and a toothbrush. Lesley had jeans, a summer dress, some tops, a pair of tennis shoes, a cardigan, makeup and lots of underwear. Added to this were the maps, spares for the bike and a couple of extra tools.

We'd decided that we ought to invest in some new helmets, boots and gloves before we set off. A trip to the bike shop in Nottingham the week before had sorted us out for protective gear and I also bought a leather jacket but decided not to bother with the leather trousers. Lesley had the leathers that Kate and Daniel had bought for her, although I'd yet to see her in them. 

We had changed our money into French Francs and travellers cheques which we split between us for safety. Lesley also had her credit card which we hoped we could use at hotels.

I wheeled the bike out of the garage and Lesley went up to get changed. When she came down I was stunned. The leathers fitted her like a glove, especially the trousers which looked like they had moulded themselves to her lithe figure.

"You look stunning!" I said to her.

"I love you so much," she replied. "I've never really been on proper holiday before. I'm glad my first time will be with you."

"We're going to have the best time ever," I told her. 

After lunch with Ruth and David we set off, telling them we'd see them in a week or so in Provence. Ruth told us to be careful and Lesley assured her we would be. The journey to Hull only took an hour and a half thanks to the new Humber Bridge and we were at the docks in good time for the evening ferry. As any biker will tell you, riding your bike into the hold of a ferry is a nerve wracking experience. The steel decks are slippery with a mixture of sea water, oil and diesel that has caught many unawares. Once the bike was safely strapped down however we made our way to the passenger decks and to our cabin.

I wanted everything to be perfect for Lesley and had paid extra for a 'luxury' cabin. It was an extravagance but it was important to me that she had as relaxing a holiday as possible. Being a pillion on a bike isn't easy and with all that had happened over the last few weeks it felt right to "push the boat out" a little bit. The cabin was cosy but it felt odd being the bowels of the ship with the vibration of the engine humming constantly. Lesley opened the door to the bathroom and looked in. It was one of those wet room designs where the shower shares space with the toilet and the bathroom.

"Come and have a shower with me," she said.

The bathroom wasn't really big enough for one let alone two but we undressed and tried it out. We'd both had a shower that morning and we hadn't really done a lot of riding since then, so the shower was just a pretext for sex in an unusual, if slightly uncomfortable, place. We started off with me sitting on the toilet and Lesley straddling me which was ok but wasn't really doing it for either of us, so we turned the water on and got under the shower. Lesley faced the wall and I took her from behind which was a sure fire winner for both of us. I could feel myself getting close to cumming when Lesley told me to pull out and cum in her arse which I was only too happy to do. Slipping my cock into her tight hole she reached down and massaged my balls until I emptied my load into her. 

We stayed connected for a couple of minutes until my cock went soft and popped out of her arse. Lesley was supporting herself with her hands against the wall of the wet room and I pinned her left hand with my own then reached down between her legs from behind with my right. My thumb slipped easily into her cum filled arse and with the side of my forefinger I began to massage her clit. She stuck her bum out to give me better access then stood there with her head resting against the shower wall waiting for the inevitable orgasm. When it came, it wasn't the explosive kind. I felt the sphincter in her rectum tense around my thumb then relax as the orgasm passed over her. Her body went weak and for a moment my hand and the wall were the only things supporting her, then she regained her composure, turned around and gave me a big kiss. 

"I'm hungry now," she said.

We were going to eat in the 'a la carte' restaurant but it was almost empty and those that were in it were all retired types. It was the beginning of September so the summer rush was over and the boat was nowhere near full. In the end we had fish and chips in the canteen style restaurant followed by a couple of pints in the bar. Lesley's nervous energy of the last few days was finally catching up on her and as we supped our pints I could see she was getting drowsy, so we went back to our cabin to get some sleep. The cabin had two single cots but Lesley refused to sleep on her own preferring to snuggle up beside me. It wasn't the most comfortable night I've ever had but holding her naked body in my arms while she slept felt good.

******************

In the morning, after breakfast, we unstrapped the bike and set off for Bruges which is a lovely little Belgian town. Lesley loved looking around the shops and would have bought loads of stuff if there had been space on the bike to carry it but fortunately there wasn't. 

I'd also wanted to go to Ypres to see the Menin Gate memorial to those who had lost their lives in the trenches of the First World War. Seeing all the names inscribed on the memorial was a sobering experience and it had a personal connection as my great granddad had fought and died near there. I'd heard that virtually every night since 1928 they had sounded the "last post" at the memorial and I wanted to stay to see it but we had planned to travel further that day. Although Lesley didn't share my enthusiasm for the past she suggested that we found a hotel in the town and made up the time tomorrow.

Although we arrived early for the eight o'clock ceremony we weren't the first to get there by any means and I was surprised by size of the turn-out. The sound of the bugler playing the last post and the reading of the lines from "The Fallen" was haunting. In the minute silence that followed there was hardly a dry eye in the house. 

They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old:

Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.

At the going down of the sun and in the morning,

We will remember them

Lesley pushed her face into my shoulder and hugged me tight. We have been back several times since and each time it has the same effect on me as it did that first time. 

****************** 

We got up on the Sunday to find that it was raining. I'd never ridden the BMW in the rain before and to be honest I hadn't ridden much in the rain at all. We stayed off the main road and pottered along the back roads instead and it wasn't long before we made it into France. Ruth had warned me to fill up with petrol on the Saturday because everything shuts in France on a Sunday and she was right. We didn't see an open petrol station all day. The only things that seemed to be open on a Sunday were bars and restaurants. 

If it hadn't been raining it would have been a pleasant ride through the towns and villages of rural France. As it was, all we wanted to do was get to our next stop in Reims. We found a nice hotel with underground parking, abandoned the bike and went up to our room to get a hot shower.

Our plan was to spend Monday riding around the Champagne region but Lesley noticed that the hotel had flyers offering minibus tours of the vineyards and champagne houses. Given the weather this looked like a better option, plus it meant I could have a drink, so we booked at the front desk. We needn't have worried about the weather it was fine but it was nice to be able to have a drink. Lesley got tipsy on the freebie tasters and spent the afternoon giggling, the champagne really got to her. 

We were about thirty years younger than everyone else on the tour but they were a friendly bunch. The only person our age was the tour guide, Justin. He was clearly doing this as a summer job. He looked quite a studious type but he had a good rapport with our fellow tourists and we chatted to him quite a bit while everyone else was walked round the gift shops. When the tour ended he got a good few tips and we asked him if he fancied going for a beer with us.

As we sat drinking he told us how the season was almost finished and how he couldn't wait to go back to Paris and be with his mates again.

Lesley had had far too many champagne tasters and had begun to flirt with Justin. Justin had no problem with the attention of an attractive girl somewhere near his own age.

"I'll bet you'll be glad to get back to your girlfriend," she told him.

"Unfortunately, I don't have a girlfriend at the moment," Justin replied.

"That's a shame," she said. "It must be very frustrating being stuck here all summer on your own."

"It is a bit," he admitted, not quite sure where the conversation was going.

"Why don't you come back to our hotel room and let me relieve some of that frustration for you?" said Lesley brazenly. "As long as you don't mind sharing me with Steven that is!"

I hadn't expected that and neither had Justin, but he knew not to look a gift horse in the mouth, especially one as good looking as Lesley. When we got back to our room Lesley was all over him and they kissed, swapping tongues. She got him to undo her jeans and feel her pussy while she undid his jeans and pushed her hand in to find his cock. 

I moved up behind Lesley and began to kiss her neck. I pushed her jeans down further to give Justin better access then started to massage her tits. Lesley was clearly enjoying being sandwiched between two guys and she wanked Justin's cock with one hand while she massaged the bulge in my trousers with the other. 

Then disaster struck as Lesley's wanking proved too much for the poor guy. He tried to pull away but her hand was trapped in his jeans. You could see his face change to one of relief and then embarrassment as he prematurely ejaculated. Justin was mortified as Lesley pulled a cum covered hand out of his trousers. He apologised profusely but Lesley told him that sometimes these things happen. Awkwardly he excused himself to go to the bathroom and clean up while Lesley cleaned her hand with a tissue. When he returned he returned he apologised again and suggested he should be going.

"There's no need to go," said Lesley. "Come and lie down on the bed with us."

Lesley took him by the hand and they lay down on the bed side by side. I took up my position behind her and began to undress Lesley as she undressed Justin. Pretty soon the three of us were naked and Lesley lay back to let the two of us explore her. Justin, keen to make amends, worked his way down Lesley's body and positioning himself between her legs he began to suck on her pussy. Lesley reached out and grabbed my cock pulling me closer to her so that we could kiss while Justin pleasured her. Justin's technique was good and as we kissed I could feel Lesley moving towards her orgasm. Her hips began to rise and fall in time with Justin's tongue strokes until she pushed herself into his face as she came. 

We continued to kiss as the orgasm passed over her and then Lesley began to relax again. That was when I felt Justin's lips around my cock as he started to give me head. It felt good, as good as I've had from most girls and better than a few. It took Lesley a while to realise what was going on but when she did she wanted in on the action and moved down to join in. I lay back and watched the two of them taking turns on me, one licking my cock, the other mouthing my balls. 

Lesley was getting very aroused by this and fortunately Justin had regained his erection by this stage.

"Wait here," she instructed Justin.

Lesley disappeared into the bathroom, returning with a condom and some suntan lotion. She unwrapped the condom, wanked Justin's cock a few times to make sure he was firm then rolled the condom onto Justin's now proud cock. She then squirted some suntan lotion into her hand and massaged my cock with it, making sure it was nice and slippery. Squatting over me she positioned my cock under her anus and slowly lowered herself onto me. Once I was inside her arse she lay back and rested her head on my shoulder then held her legs wide open, ready for Justin to penetrate her.

Justin carefully climbed between Lesley's legs and inserted himself. Through the membrane that separated her pussy from her arse I could feel him enter Lesley and then begin to stroke his cock in and out of her. I was pretty much pinned to the bed by the two of them but I found that I could push myself up into Lesley in time with Justin's strokes and between us we got a rhythm going. All this was having the right effect on Lesley and she began grunting loudly. I stuck three fingers in her mouth and she bit on them as a distraction. 
