 This is the ninth episode of my unreliable memoirs. Each episode can be read individually but it helps to have read the previous episodes starting from the beginning. 

This episode is largely based on a painful episode from my youth. It's a bit longer than the other episodes so far and for those that enjoy a spoiler most of the sex is in the middle of this one. There's very little at the end as hopefully you'll understand why as you read further.

I hope you enjoy the stories.

M4bloke

******************

Ruth and David's was a hive of activity on Monday morning. Everyone assembled in the kitchen at 06.30 a.m. for a quick breakfast then it was time to make tracks. I walked Lesley to her car and gave her a hug and a kiss.

"I wish you were coming with me," I said. 

"I wish I was too," Lesley replied.

"Have fun with Kate at the weekend. And Daniel."

"You know I will," she said. "So don't you feel guilty about whatever you get up to. You're my warrior remember."

"I love you," I told her.

"I love you too. So much. Will I see you on Sunday night?"

"I hope so. We should be back by then."

We kissed one more time then Lesley got in her car and drove off.

"Are you ready to go Steven?" Ruth shouted from the kitchen.

"Yep, got my passport, wallet and kitbag."

Ruth threw me the keys to the Triumph and said, "Great, you're driving then."

The little Triumph GT6 wasn't built for luggage and Ruth didn't travel light but we managed to squeeze it all in. Ruth had her soppy goodbye with David then we got in the car and set off. I felt a bit sorry for David, being left behind, but it was his choice not to fly I guess.

"Do you know where you're going?" asked Ruth. 

"Actually I do," I said. "Birmingham airport isn't so far away from Uni and I picked a mate up from there recently."

"That's good..." said Ruth, "because I don't have a clue." 

We'd had to fly from Birmingham because it was the closest airport with a scheduled flight to Paris. From Paris we could catch a connecting flight to Marseilles and from there we'd drive the rest of the way by hire car. 

It took about two hours to drive to the airport. When we got to check in there was a queue but Ruth walked up to the Business Class desk and gave the lady our passports.

"Business Class, eh!" I said to Ruth.

She laughed and said jokingly, "My dear, haven't you flown business class before?"

"Ruth, I haven't been in a plane before."

"Oh." she said sounding a bit surprised then added, "You'll be fine... Assuming we don't crash that is." 

We made our way through security and into the main lounge. Ruth wanted to buy a couple of magazines for the journey so we visited the newsagents on the way to the Business Class lounge. As we passed a shop selling holiday clothes Ruth asked, "Did you pack your swimming trunks and flip flops?"

"No. I didn't."

"You'll need them. It's not going to be all work," she said.

We went into the shop and I started to look at the surfer style shorts. Ruth however had other ideas and picked out a pair of ultra-brief Speedo swimming trunks.

"I'm not entering the Olympics Ruth," I said.

"No, but I'd still like to see you in them."

"You're the boss."

The business class lounge was quiet. The morning rush of suits off to do business in foreign lands had already taken place and most of the people in the airport now seemed to be holiday makers waiting for chartered flights. A lady served Ruth a glass of champagne but it seemed to me too early to be drinking so I had a coffee and a bacon sandwich instead. 

When our flight was called we made our way to the departure gate and boarded the plane. As it taxied toward the runway Ruth took my hand and held on to it tightly until well after we were airborne. 

The flight only took an hour and a bit and before we knew it we were landing in Paris. In my ignorance I thought that we were going to have to collect our bags but Ruth assured me that they would be transferred automatically to the next flight. We had two hours to kill and so we found a restaurant in the terminal to have lunch. It sounds dumb but I hadn't really counted on everyone speaking French. Nowadays everyone speaks English it seems but back then it wasn't the case. Fortunately Ruth spoke French like a local.

"Where did you learn to speak French?" I asked.

"I did Modern Languages at University," she said.

"I didn't know that."

"I've always loved France and the French way of life, that's why I'm so happy to be moving here." 

"How does David feel about it?"

"It's taken a long time to persuade him but he's ready. Times are changing. Lesley is going to be with you now and I think he's ready for a new chapter. I just wish I could get him to overcome his fear of flying. It would make things so much easier," she said. 

The flight to Marseilles was about the same length as the previous one had been. When we hit turbulence, Ruth grabbed my hand tightly again and held onto me until it had passed. Other than that the flight was fine and we were soon standing in Marseilles airport and waiting for our luggage. It seemed to take an eternity before our bags eventually trundled out onto the conveyor and then we made our way to the rental car sector. The car they gave us was a newish VW Golf that already had a couple of dents in it. Ruth suggested that she drove since I'd never driven on the wrong side of the road before or in a car that had the steering wheel on the left hand side.

We drove north out of Marseilles on the "Route du Soleil". Next week this whole area would be jam packed with French holiday makers when the August holiday season started but this week it was still relatively quiet. We left the autoroute at Cavaillon and continued cross country to a pretty hilltop town called Gordes. Ruth seemed to know where she was going and there was no need for me to navigate.

Eventually we pulled up at a spa hotel just a few miles out of the village. Ruth parked up the car and I was going to carry her bags into reception but a bellboy came out with a trolley and picked them up for us. When we walked into the reception the receptionist greeted Ruth like a long lost friend and then said in English, "We didn't expect to see you so soon again, Madame." 

"No, I didn't either but I have some papers to sign in Avignon."

"Anyway, we have your room ready for you. Please come this way."

I went to pick up my bag but the receptionist said, "Please monsieur. We will bring the bags to your room." I must have looked like a right country bumpkin to her. She walked out of the reception and led us to a small cluster of rooms that overlooked the pool. "This is your room Madame, near the pool as you requested." The receptionist opened the door and showed us into the apartment which consisted of a lounge area and a separate bedroom. It was a good size, nicely furnished, with a patio outside that led onto the pool 

"Will you be dining with us this evening?"

"Yes, please," said Ruth 

"Is there anything else you require?"

"No, that's perfect. Thank you," said Ruth and the receptionist left us to it.

"I didn't realise that we were going to be staying at the same hotel that you and David stayed in last week," I said laughing.

"This is France," Ruth said. "Having a mistress or a lover is much more acceptable here than it is in England. In a hotel like this they see it all the time. As long as we behave ourselves in public then nobody will bat an eyelid. This means no kissing, no hand holding or anything like that when we are out." 

"Understood," I said.

Ruth walked over to me and kissed me on the lips then, undoing the buttons on my jeans she said, "What we do in private however is a different matter."

I lifted Ruth's dress up and squeezed her arse cheeks while she pushed a hand into my pants and began to massage my cock. Moving her towards the writing desk that every hotel room has I lifted her onto it so that her arse was half on and half off the desk's surface. Ruth put both arms round my neck and began to kiss my shoulders as I dropped my trousers and pushed myself into her.

"I've missed you inside me," she said, "and I've missed your tongue in my mouth." Then she kissed me full on, inviting my tongue to explore hers. When we'd first met, Ruth had told me that since David's cancer one of the things she missed most was kissing. I'd forgotten this and so we swapped tongues as I fucked her. As the fucking became more intense Ruth lay back on the desk and I picked up her arse cheeks and pulled her towards me. This gave me a much better angle and allowed me to push further into her. She began to rub her clit while I fucked her and pretty soon after she was into her first orgasm.

I upped the pace and began to fuck her harder as the orgasm hit her only to find that the desk began to knock against the wall. If you've ever been in the hotel room next to a couple fucking like this then you'll know it's a pretty inconsiderate thing to do so I dialled my strokes back and let Ruth finish bringing herself off.

"Let's swap places," Ruth said when she'd finished herself. "You sit here." 

Ruth got up and I took her place on the desk. Bending over she took my cock in her mouth and began to suck me. At first she looked into my eyes as her mouth went up and down my shaft then after a while she lowered them as she concentrated on both sucking me and wanking my shaft at the same time. As I approached my orgasm she slowed the wanking down to prolong the sensation. I found myself tensing and pushing my cock up into her mouth, then relaxing, then tensing again. All the time I just wanted to deposit my load into her mouth. 

Just before the point of orgasm Ruth stopped wanking me completely and kept me on the edge by rubbing her tongue gently across the head of my cock. I was desperate to cum now but she wouldn't let me. The straw that broke the camel's back however was when, without warning, she pushed her finger into my arse. When I finally came it felt like the flood gates had been opened. With her finger massaging my prostate I emptied myself into her mouth and when I'd finished it felt like I'd been drained. Ruth collected it all without swallowing then she got up and kissed me. Her tongue pushed my cum mixed with her saliva back into my mouth and then our tongues let it mingle between us. The creamy, slimy sensation of the cum adding to the kiss.

"Let's get a shower and some food," said Ruth. "I could murder a glass of wine."

******************

The next morning I left Ruth sleeping and went out for a run. It was only 07.00 a.m. and it was already warm. I ran for an hour or so along sun bleached country roads before returning to the apartment drenched in sweat. When I got back Ruth was dressed and waiting for me. 

"Come on," she said. "We need to get to Avignon to see the solicitor. Hurry or we'll be late." 

I had a quick shower and then got dressed. My clothes were more suited to the English climate than the south of France in high summer but they were all I had to put on. 

It took about an hour to drive to Avignon which was a beautiful town full of history. Ruth decided that there was no need for me to come to the solicitors and so I wandered the streets looking for a present for Lesley. I found what I was looking for in a small perfume shop and bought her some scent along with some posh soap to go with it. I thought about how much I'd have liked to have discovered Avignon with her and felt a bit sad that she wasn't here with me.

The next thing I did was find a shop that sold shorts as I was baking in my jeans. I bought two pairs of smart Bermuda style shorts and kept one of the pairs on. I was out of the shop before realising I had committed a fashion error by keeping my socks on and had to go back and buy some short socks that I could wear in my trainers.

Ruth and I met up by one of the many fountains that were located around the medieval part of the town. The shops were beginning to shut for lunch and so we found a restaurant to sit outside. The French do lunch properly and we spent almost two hours passing the time away.

"How did it go at the solicitors," I asked her.

"Fine," she said. "It's all done from our end but it looks like we still won't complete until the end of August. There's a lot of bureaucracy it seems." You could hear the disappointment in her voice as she said it.

"You'll have plenty of time to enjoy it when it's yours," I said.

"You're right I suppose..." then added, "but what I need now is some retail therapy."

"I've already done mine," I said and showed Ruth my morning's purchases.

We walked along the streets of the old town past the tourist shops selling trinkets, patisseries or chocolates and Ruth stopped outside a lingerie shop. "French lingerie is so much nicer than the English stuff," she said and we went in. Ruth skimmed through the racks of underwear and pulled out a delicate lacy set of bra, stocking and suspenders.

"What do you think?"

"Very sexy," I said.

Ruth spoke to the assistant who went and looked in a drawer for the right sizes then led her to a cubicle to try them on. Us guys should never be left unattended in lingerie shops. We don't know what to do with ourselves. I spent an uncomfortable few minutes not knowing where to look until Ruth re-emerged. Satisfied with her choice Ruth thanked the lady and as she was paying for them noticed a stand filled with men's briefs. Ruth examined the boxes containing the briefs, each of which had a picture on the outside of a buff male model wearing nothing but the contents of the box. Ruth picked out two boxes and added them to her purchases. The shop owner rang them up on the till without batting an eyelid and Ruth paid the bill and handed the briefs to me. 

I got to drive us back to the hotel in the Golf. The fact that the steering wheel was on the other side of the car wasn't a problem, but remembering to drive on the right hand side of the road required a bit more getting used to. It was half past four when we got back but it was still hot. Sitting outside on the patio we had a coffee and chatted. There were a few people by the pool and a waiter milled around making sure that guests were attended to, but other than that it was quiet. 

"Fancy a swim?" asked Ruth. 

"Why not," I replied.

We both went into the bedroom to get changed. It was an unusual moment. Previously I'd only ever undressed Ruth and it felt a bit odd being in the same room as her and just getting changed. I put on my new Speedo swimming trunks which were very brief but at least they were the right size. There's nothing worse than a bloke in a pair of trunks that are too small. I caught sight of myself in the mirror and had to admit that I looked pretty buff. Narcissism is a terrible thing. Ruth wore a very fetching bikini. She had lost a bit of weight since we'd first met and definitely looked more toned for it. 

I went to walk out of the bedroom and Ruth said, "Don't forget your robe." It hadn't occurred to me that you needed to walk to the pool in a dressing gown but apparently you did. We traversed the ten yards or so from the patio to the pool and by the time we got there an attendant was already laying out our towels. You could feel the eyes of the other sun bathers on us. There was a couple Ruth and David's age, another in their thirties and a younger girl alone in her early twenties. They were all reading either a book or a magazine. Everyone wore sunglasses except me because, well, I didn't own a pair of sunglasses. 

Ruth slipped off her gown and sat at the edge of the pool dangling her legs in the water and I followed her.

"You realise everyone is watching us," Ruth whispered then slipped herself into the water.

I let Ruth swim a couple of lengths then jumped in as well. The water was warm but compared to the temperature of the afternoon sun it was refreshing. I could swim but I wasn't a good swimmer by any means so I pootled around while Ruth swam doing that thing that women do in order to keep their hair dry.

After a while Ruth got out of the pool. She dried herself off with a towel then applied some suntan lotion to her front and lay back on the sun-lounger. I stayed in the pool and swam for a bit longer before getting out. 

Put some suntan lotion on..." Ruth said, "or you'll burn to a crisp." I'd already built up a tan working on the house but I took her advice and put some on any way. A while later Ruth turned over onto her tummy and asked "Would you do my back for me?" I reached for the bottle of lotion and as I did Ruth slipped out of her bikini bra in order not to get a tan line. Pouring the lotion into my hands first I rubbed it into her back and shoulders. I was about to put the lotion away when Ruth said, "Don't forget my legs and make sure you cover my sensitive parts. I don't want them burning." So I massaged the oil into her legs all the way up and almost into her pussy. I could hear Ruth sigh as I did this.

At six people started to leave the pool and pretty soon we were the only ones left. The waiter asked if we would like a final drink before he closed but we declined and he left, presumably to start waiting on dinner guests. Ruth came and sat on the edge of my sun lounger and having first checked there was nobody around ran a finger along the outline of my cock in my trunks.

"How do you fancy eating in the village tonight?" she said, squeezing my cock as it began to grow.

"Sounds good," I said.

"There's not really enough space in those trunks for you and your erection, is there. Why don't you come back to the apartment and put it to good use instead?"

I slipped on my robe, grateful for the cover it gave me then we walked back to the apartment. The moment we got back Ruth was all over me. I'd not seen her like this before, she was insatiable and just wanted to be fucked as hard as possible for as long as possible. I fucked her missionary position to start with then lifted her legs up onto my shoulders and using some sun tan lotion for lubrication I slipped into her arse and continued to fuck her until I came. All the time had Ruth encouraged me to fuck her harder and faster and I was shattered by the end of it. It was good to see Ruth letting her hair down and enjoying herself but I hadn't really realised what a wild-child she could be.

We drove into Gordes for dinner that evening. For me the town was one of the highlights of the trip. Eating outside at one of the restaurants in the square was hard to beat. Ruth could see that I enjoyed it and we came back the following two nights as well. The restaurant at the hotel was fine but soulless compared to the bustling streets of the town on a warm summer evening. 

******************

Wednesday began with a run. I managed to get back and have a shower before Ruth was properly awake. When she did finally wake up she wanted sex and I was happy to oblige. I did her doggy style on the bed before flipping her over and cumming between her tits. I fed her the cum that collected in the small of her neck with a teaspoon, just like she'd wanted me to do the first time we met. She seemed happy with my efforts. 

We walked up to the main hotel for breakfast. I was starving and had the full English, or whatever they called it in France. As we ate I noticed the girl who had been by the pool the day before walk in with her father. Except that after a while it dawned on me that he may not have been her father at all. Looking at the two of them I realised that the girl could well have been there in a similar capacity to me. She looked happy enough though whatever the truth was. 

I finally got to see the Ruth and David's new property for the first time that morning. It was in a stunning location and came with quite a few acres of hillside vineyards as well as some other fields. The house itself was an old farmhouse come winery. Although the winery had closed many decades ago the farmhouse was still occupied by the current owners, who were an old couple. They were selling because their children had moved away and had no interest in taking over the farm. They knew that they were sitting on a small gold mine and so decided to sell the place and live off the proceeds of the sale. Who could blame them?
