 This is the tenth episode of my unreliable memoirs. Each episode can be read individually but it helps to have read the previous episodes starting from the beginning. 

This episode is largely based on a painful episode from my youth and is a continuation from episode 9. 

I hope you enjoy the stories.

M4bloke

******************

When Ruth and I got off the train at St. Pancras on Thursday morning everyone was there to meet us. Lesley, Kate, Daniel, David, even my mum. After we'd hugged, Lesley wasn't letting go of me and everyone else had to welcome me back while Lesley held onto my hand. This made greetings a bit difficult because I still needed my other hand for the walking stick. 

Rather than standing on the platform we went to the station restaurant and had a cup of tea. Because my mum was there we couldn't discuss the real reason for my injury and so everyone else had to pretend I'd been stabbed in a street mugging, which was partly true.

Daniel soon had to leave to get back to work and he asked if he could have a private word before he left. We walked outside the restaurant where we couldn't be overheard.

"How are you?" he asked.

"I'll be ok," I said. "I just need to take it easy for a couple of weeks."

"Thank you for saving Ruth."

"I don't know if I did the right thing or not by tackling the muggers to be honest. They might just have given up in the end rather than harm her. I just don't know."

"All you can do is go with your instinct," he said.

"Thank you for looking after Lesley," I said. "It was a weight off my mind."

"Lesley's been sleeping with us since we found out and well..."

"It's not a problem," I said. "I'm glad you were there for her."

"It seems you made quite an impression on Carole. I spoke to her yesterday."

"I had a great time in Provence. I'm not sure what would have happened at the hospital if Ruth hadn't contacted her."

"She tells me she's getting married to Fabien finally."

"Yes, she confronted her fear that he was only interested in her money and the rest as they say is history. He's a nice guy if a bit too good looking," I joked. "Actually, there's a couple of things we're supposed to be finding out from Kate by the way. Firstly, would Kate mind if you gave Carole away at the wedding and secondly would she be interested in the two of you swinging with Carole and Fabien, oh and us as well?" 

"I'd love to do both. It's up to Kate I guess."

"You'll go to the wedding though?"

"Oh yes."

"I'll ask Lesley to sound her out. Oh, and Carole's asked Lesley and me to come and stay with them for a holiday before the wedding. I hope that's not a problem."

"Not at all. Like I said you made quite an impression on Carole." 

"Thanks, and thank you for being here today."

"Kate's going to drive you up to Nottingham and stay for a couple of days if that's ok. She and Lesley are as thick as thieves at the moment. I'd say that I don't mind what the three of you get up to but that's probably a little cruel in your current state."

"I'll do my best." I said jokingly.

"Right. I need to get going. Thank you again for what you did for Ruth. If you look in your bank account you'll find that the company awarded you a small bonus, in recognition of what you did for her, and of course David."

We went back inside and Daniel asked for a quick word with Ruth and they both went outside. When the conversation finished they came back in and Daniel said his goodbyes, kissing Kate before he left. Ruth and David were next to leave. David thanked me before leaving and Ruth apologised one more time, saying that she'd come over to see me in a few days, when the dust had settled.

That just left Lesley, Kate, me and my mum. Kate had to virtually prise Lesley from me so that I could have a few moments with my mum alone.

"Are you ok mum?" I asked.

"Yes Stevie, I am. You may have had better schooling but you're no different from your Dad you know. I went through all of this with him. You're both made of strong stuff. He's very proud of you by the way."

"Thanks Mum. That means a lot."

"I was a bit worried when you proposed to Lesley but I can see how much she loves you. She and Kate have been very considerate over the last few days." 

"I'm glad."

"There was a picture of Kate and her husband in the gossip columns of the Express the other day, did you know that?"

"Lesley told me about it, yes."

"They're very rich, aren't they?"

"Yes mum they are. Daniel's offered me a job when I leave university and I'm going to take it."

"Does that mean you'll be living in London when you graduate?"

"Yes mum. The offices are just off Regent Street"

"What about Lesley?" 

"We'll be married by the time I start work. Lesley's going to find a job down here."

"Oh I am pleased Stevie."

Lesley and Kate came back and Lesley gave me a big kiss when she sat down then told me she loved me again.

"Are we ready to go then?" asked Kate. "We can drop you off on the way, if you like Sandy."

We all got into Kate's Range Rover. Lesley and Kate in the front, me and mum in the back. The traffic across London was bad but once we'd dropped my mum off and got out of the city it was fine. Kate was no slouch behind the wheel and we made it back to Nottingham by mid-afternoon. 

Sensing that we might want some time alone Kate suggested that she went out and did some food shopping. Lesley and I sat on the sofa and she cuddled in to me on my good side, not wanting to let me go. I told her all about the time in France starting off with Ruth and David's house, then all about visiting Carole and Fabien and finishing with Ruth being gang banged at the Coco club. Lesley wanted to know about how I was knifed so I gave her a very abridged version of the events.

"I need to confess something," she said afterwards. "While you were in hospital I slept with Daniel and Kate. On the first night I just didn't want to be alone and nothing happened but after that, when I knew you were going to be ok, I couldn't help myself and I let the two of them fuck me. Well I let Daniel fuck me while I made love to Kate. I know I'm supposed to ask you first. You're not angry with me are you?" 

"Of course not."

"Did you fuck Carole?"

"Yes, I did."

"Was it nice?"

"Yes, very nice. She's asked us to come and stay with them for a week before they get married."

"What's Fabien like?"

"Oh, thirtyish, tall, dark, handsome, sophisticated and impeccably turned out. You'd hate him."

Lesley laughed. "Would you like to go and stay with them?"

"I thought we could ride down on the bike and make an adventure of it. We wouldn't need to take much and Ruth and David could bring the rest when they come for the wedding. What do you think?"

"Steven I'd love that. When's the wedding?"

"It's in five weeks' time."

"Will you be well enough to ride by then?"

"I should be ok in two or three weeks, so yes I think so."

"I'm already excited. I talked to Kate about Daniel giving Carole away and also about swinging with them. She said she's fine with it as long as we are there too. She remembers Fabien from her own wedding. I think she quite fancied him."

"Why don't you go and phone Carole now. I said I would let her know when I got back and I know she's keen to talk to you. You can tell her about Kate and our holiday plans at the same time." I gave Carole's card to Lesley and she rushed off excitedly to make the call. 

When Lesley returned she had a big smile on her face. "All done," she said. "Carole and Fabien send their love. Carole said you were a very considerate lover and I told her that was one of the reasons I was marrying you. She also said to tell you that Donald's missing you. Who's Donald?" 

"He's one of her two dogs. A Rhodesian Ridgeback. He's a lovely dog.

Lesley cuddled up to me tightly. "Can we have sex, Steven?"

"We can try," I said. 

She undid my trousers and pulled them down then straddled me. She lifted her dress up and whispered into ear "I'm not wearing any panties, just as you like me." 

Very gently she lowered herself onto me and then she started to massage my balls. "I don't need you to fuck me Steven I just need you to cum inside me. Just lie back and let me do the work."

For a while Lesley moved herself up and down my cock slowly then she lifted herself up so that only the head of my cock was in her. Reaching behind she played with my balls for a bit then began to wank the base of my shaft.

"How did you fuck Carole?" she asked, as her hand alternated between my cock and my balls.

"Like this to start with," I said. "She first came in my lap as we sat by the swimming pool, then we went upstairs and I fucked her missionary style on the bed."

"Did you cum inside her?"

"Yes, I did. When I'd finished she asked me to finger her pussy while I massaged her clit."

"Last night Daniel fucked me from behind while I was on top of Kate, sixty nine'ing her." Lesley told me. "I came so hard from his fucking and her licking that I think I squirted in Kate's face. Daniel finished himself off inside of me and then I let his cum drip out of my pussy into Kate's mouth."

Lesley's story had the intended effect and I could feel myself about to cum. I didn't need to say anything, she could tell and she lowered herself onto my cock taking me all the way inside her. A quick stroke of my balls and I was there, emptying myself into her.

Lesley sighed and said, "That's what I needed."

As Lesley sat in my lap kissing me we heard the front door open and Kate came in with the shopping. When she saw us in the lounge she put the bags down and walked in.

"I knew I'd find you two like this, no matter how long I stayed out," she said.

"He's just cum inside me, would you like to lick me out," Lesley said hopefully.

"Go on then," Kate said laughing.

Lesley carefully dismounted and sat on the sofa beside me. Kate knelt in front of her and began to lick Lesley's pussy while I gently massaged Lesley's nipples. Having scooped out some of my cum Kate began to suck on Lesley's clit and work it with her tongue. You could see Lesley relax and enjoy the sensation. A couple of minutes later Lesley's orgasm was approaching. She held Kate's head in her hands and started to buck her hips into Kate's face as the sensations became more powerful. As her orgasm struck she forced Kate's head down onto her and held it there until the orgasm had passed 

"It's my turn now," I said. "Kate, you sit next to Lesley and I'll suck you off."

"Are you sure?" said Kate.

"I'm not a complete invalid you know."

Kate sat down next to Lesley, hitching her dress up as she did. I pulled down her panties and parted her legs as she and Lesley began to kiss. Kate was already pretty moist but after licking her pussy a few times and pushing my tongue inside her I focused on her clit. She had one of those clits where it's not easy to find where the nub is at first, but as you work it the nub hardens to become obvious. It didn't take long with Kate, she was quite sensitive and so when her nub was hard I went gentle on her and let her enjoy it for a bit longer. I pushed a couple of fingers into her pussy and tried to find her G-spot. 

As any guy knows finding the G-spot is a bit like going fishing. Sometimes you're lucky, sometimes you're not and when you get it right you've no idea why. That day I found Kate's and you could see her change instantly. She altered her position on the sofa so that I could get better access and massage her more effectively. I grabbed one of Lesley's hands and directed her to massage Kate's clit while I concentrated on her vagina. Kate closed her eyes and let the two of us work on her. As she got closer to cumming she started to gyrate her hips then she started to shake. Both Lesley and I worked her harder and Kate became very wet. All of a sudden a jet of her fluid squirted out past my hand hitting me in the face. I frigged Kate even faster and she began jerking her hips almost trying to avoid the stimulation. Lesley stopped frigging her and pinned Kate to the sofa with a kiss.

We carried on working her for a couple more minutes. Kate was screaming into Lesley's mouth as the two of them kissed but Lesley kept Kate pinned back and unable to escape my frigging. In the end Kate broke free and begged us to stop. I frigged her more gently for a while then pulled my fingers out. Kate looked exhausted.

"I hate you two," Kate said. "But I have to admit that was worth driving up here for."

Lesley giggled and pinned Kate to the sofa before kissing her once again.

I decided that it was easier if I slept in the spare bedroom while Kate stayed and let the girls take the big bed. My wound was still raw and I was no use to either of them in my current state. Lesley was disappointed when I suggested this but from the giggling I heard when the two of them went to bed I think she had reconciled herself to the idea pretty quickly.

******************

On Friday morning Kate woke me up with a cup of tea.

"Move over," she said and taking her dressing gown off she climbed into the small bed and lay on her side next to me.

"I wanted to ask you about Carole and Fabien," she said and began to stroke my cock.

"You've met them haven't you?"

"Yes, but only at my wedding. I've never really spoken to either of them. Other than when Carole calls David and I answer the phone."

"That must be a bit frustrating," I said.

"You mean when your husband keeps talking to his ex-wife. Yes, just a bit."

"I don't think you have anything to worry about, besides she loves Fabien that's clear to see."

"What's Fabien like?" Kate asked as she alternated between stroking my balls and wanking my cock.

"He's the male equivalent of you," I told her. "He's sophisticated, well dressed, stunningly attractive and very much in love." This earned me a kiss on the lips.

"And Carole?"

"Petite, attractive, very fit and a really nice person to talk to once you get to know her."

"They're quite active swingers aren't they?"

"Yes, I think so. They both seem to enjoy it."

"I've been such a bitch to Daniel, Steven."

"What do you mean?" 

"I knew that Daniel and Carole had been swingers when we first met and I knew that's what Daniel wanted for us. Since they got divorced Fabien's been giving Carole just what she wanted, while I've been making life difficult for Daniel." 

"And Daniel's stuck by you." I said.

"But that's not the point."

"You need to want to go swinging for yourself Kate, you can't just do it for Daniel."

"But I do Steven that's crazy thing. I mean look at us now. When Lesley suggested I come in and see you I jumped at the chance." 

"Then here's my advice. Lesley and I learned this from Ruth and David. You have to make Daniel's pleasure your number one priority and he has to do the same for you. It works for Lesley and me."

"I'm not sure I understand."

"Take right now. You know that Lesley's clung to me like a limpet since I got back but she knew I'd like some loving from you even in my current condition. So she suggested that you paid me a visit this morning when that was really what she wanted to do herself. And then look at me, here I am in the spare room while the two of you are in the big bed. You gave Lesley far more pleasure last night than I could have and I want her to be happy."

"But how do we meet people Steven? The two of you are still the only ones we've swung with and we can't seem to get beyond that. I want us to have fun with other people but it's not that easy. I want us to be more like you and Lesley."

"You mean poor?"

"No, not that bit" she said laughing. 

"It takes time Kate. Lesley and I haven't been with many more people than you. There's been Ruth and David, you and Daniel, then there's been Skye and also Mike."

"The guy with the enormous cock," Kate interjected.

"Er, yes. And Carole of course. That's it." 

"I guess."

"Let's make a pact." I said. "If we meet nice people we'll introduce them to you and you can do the same for us. Plus, when we go to France for the wedding, we'll all go wild for the week."

"I'd like that." 

"Only this time I don't want to get stabbed." 

Kate kissed me passionately now. She wanked my cock more vigorously for a while then got out of bed and bending over me, she let me feel her pussy while I came in her mouth.

"Lesley told me to tell you to get up by the way, she's taking you to the hospital this morning," Kate said as I watched her perfect arse swing from side to side as she walked out of the room. 

'Accident and Emergency' was quiet on a Friday morning and I only had to wait half an hour to be seen. A junior doctor inspected my wound and decided that the drain could come out. I was really pleased about that as it had been a real pain. After it was removed a nurse put a fresh dressing on me and I was told that I could have the stitches removed as an out-patient the following week. Then they gave me a prescription for more medicine and I was good to go.

We went back to the apartment and I told Lesley that I wanted to get a photo of her as I didn't have one. So the three of us went to the 'Photo-Me' booth at the train station and spent a small fortune on those strips of four passport photos. By the time we were finished we'd got pics of all of us singly, as couples and as a threesome. When we got home we snipped the strips into single photos and everyone took the ones they wanted. Lesley picked out two, one of her with me and one of her with Kate and on the back of each she drew a heart with an arrow through it and an 'L' underneath. On mine she wrote 'Forever', on Kate's she wrote 'Sisters'. She gave each of us our respective photos and I put mine in my wallet along with another pic of Lesley. Kate put hers in her purse and hugged Lesley. I could see she was almost in tears. I put one of the other pics of Lesley and I in an envelope to send to Carole, along with a thank you note that I had yet to write. Lesley chose three for her purse and Kate and I wrote on the back of them for her.

That evening Rachel and Pete came round after finishing work. It was nice of them to visit as I hadn't seen them since their engagement party a few weeks back. They both congratulated me on getting engaged to Lesley and commiserated with me on my injury.  

Lesley introduced Kate as her friend from London and Pete asked if we all fancied a pint. Kate drove the five of us to the pub with a garden and we sat outside. Lesley offered to get the first round in and Kate went with her to the bar to help carry the drinks.

"That's Kate Davidson isn't it!" said Rachel as soon as they were gone.

"Who's Kate Davidson?" said Pete.

"She's married to one of the hundred richest men in the country. You see her in all the magazines."

"I've not seen her in 'Car and Mechanics' yet," he quipped.

"Yes it is, Rachel" I said. "But please don't say anything to her. She and Lesley are friends and Lesley was visiting her when I had my accident. She's really looked after Lesley this last week."

"I won't say anything I promise."

Rachel was true to her word and we had a nice couple of pints in the pub. Lesley was in one of her clingy moods and wouldn't let go of my hand all the time we were out but I didn't mind a bit. It was nice to feel wanted.

We drove back to the house and Lesley invited Rachel and Pete into the apartment for a coffee saying that she had something to ask them. Once we'd all sat down with our drinks Lesley began.

"Kate, Rachel. As you know I don't really have many friends so when I get married I'm hoping that the two of you will be my bridesmaids or maids of honour or whatever they are called."

Both girls readily agreed and there were plenty of hugs and tears.

"And Pete. I'm sure that Steven would like you to be one of his ushers."
