 Heath came walking out of the back room when he heard the door alarm chime. He had just opened a relaxation parlor offering massages and long soaks in the custom hot tub in the small yard in the back. Surprisingly, he was doing very well. He had already snagged a few regulars hoping they would spread the word. Even though he was comfortable money wise, he was very lonely. He hadn't had a woman in over a year. 

He looks up from his papers, almost tripping when he sees the fucking fine ass woman standing at the small sign in desk. Her long wavy hair was the color of coal, her soft skin a beautiful shade of cream, and thank god, she was no skinny ass woman. 

Her voluptuous body hugged lightly by her butter cup yellow cotton summer dress and by god, it didn't seem she had a bra on. Those tits had to be the biggest he had ever seen. He continued his slow assessment of this angel standing in his parlor. Her thick thighs barely concealed by the dress, was so milky white. God damn, he wanted to nibble on that body so badly. He knows that she can see that his cock is definitely hard for her, but he don't care.

"Hello, Sugar. I'm Heath, the owner and only employee of Southern Comfort. How may I be of assistance to a gorgeous lady such as yourself?" his slow southern drawl escaping his lips.  

Her blue eyes widen and her full pouty mouth gapes open. The most virile, hot as fuck man walks out to the desk. He stood about 6'2, at least 225, built solidly and tan smooth skin, his hidden package stood out in his snug cotton shorts. It had to be at least 9 inches and thick. She had never seen one so big and fat. She licks her lips and looks up to his face. His mouth curved into a soft smile, his cheeks dimpling. His deep green eyes glittered mischievously. 

She stammers quickly, "Oh! I'm, I'm Sara, I came for a neck and back massage." Her cheeks flushing a soft pink. 

"Hi, Sara, I'm all yours." his sexy deep voice teased her. He motions for her to follow him to the back room, closing the door softly as she enters the dim room.

She looks around in awe. He was very proud of the decor he chose. The only light was by candle, scented by jasmine. The walls were covered with draping burgandy silk, the floors were wall to wall deep plush black carpeting, the only furniture was a huge king size bed, the black silk sheets folded neatly down. He can tell that her tension melted away from just the ambiance. 

"If you feel comfortable, you may disrobe and put on the robe on the foot of the bed." Heath spoke quietly.

"Ok, sexy." her hand claps over her mouth, shocked that she just said that.

His deep laugh fills the room as he bends to retrieve a tray filled with an assortment of oils and lotions. Grinning as he turns and catches sight of her round ass sticking up as she pulls her jeans and panties off.

"Mmm, hot damn, you got a nice ass, girl." Heath huskily groans out.

Lisa yelps in surprise, twirling around quickly, her full 38dd tits jiggling slightly. She gasps loudly, her eyes glued to his crotch. He sees her staring and pulls the front down to reveal his huge cock was rock hard. A small whimper of pure lust escapes her mouth as Heath walks over and pulls her naked body roughly to his. Their bodies mold together, his mouth hungrily devouring her willing mouth. She wraps her arms around his neck tightly, holding on for dear life. He growls into her mouth and lifts her up, his strong hands cupping her ass. Her moans and sighs are driving him crazy.

He lays her down on the silk covered bed gently, her eyes scorching him as she gazes hungrily at his dick. She curls her finger to motion him to come to her. He obliges her quickly. 

"I want that meat in my mouth, baby. Want me to suck that big cock?" Lisa sexily whispers into his ear. 

"Oh fuck!" he hurriedly kneels at her head, his thick dick near her mouth, "Suck it, you sexy little slut!" 

Lisa raises up on her elbow, grasping the base of his rigid cock. She looks up at him wide eyed as her tongue swirls around the head, slurping on the precum already leaking out. His deep grunt urges her to go further. He grabs her head and pushes his cock deep in and holds her there as he pumps his hips in short strokes. The head of his cock pushing on her throat with every thrust, she tightens her mouth around him. He starts to breath heavy and fast, letting out loud grunts. His cock swells even fatter, his climax racing forward. Thick spurts of cum flood her mouth, she hungrily sucks and swallows it down.

"Oh fuck baby! God damn! Lay back for me." he demands roughly.

Lisa lays back her legs spread wide. He walks to the tray to get a tube of oil. He walks back, his semi soft cock bouncing against his big balls. He smiles at her devilishly. 

"Baby, I'm gonna do things to you that's gonna make you crazy. Keep those legs open, I need that sweet cunt." he growls as he crawls up between her legs. His mouth placing kisses up her inner thighs slowly, her smooth cunt just inches from his mouth. 

"Shit! Please lick my pussy, baby! I need it!" Lisa cries out. 

Heath chuckles, and slides his long tongue into the bottom of her slit running up to her throbbing clit very slowly. She screams in delight, her hands dig into his head. He continues to lick up and down slowly, reaching up to grasp her tits roughly. He moves his tongue to her clit and starts to flick on it furiously. Her screams drive him wild, he pinches her hard nipples and twists. Her hips buck up into his mouth repeatedly, her thighs trembling. He moves his tongue to her hole and shoves it deep into her wetness, tongue fucking her fast as her sweet creamy cum gushes into his mouth. 

"Oh fuck yes! Drink my juice, baby!" Lisa screams at him. 

"Mmm, your cum is so sweet, Sugar. I wonder if your tight little asshole tastes as sweet?" he murmurs softly, his tongue already traveling to her puckered hole. He pushes her legs back to raise her ass up, and flicks his tongue around the sensitive flesh. 

"Oh! Fuck yes!" Lisa gasps.

He gently works his tongue into the tight column of her ass, spreading her cheeks wide with his hands. The musky taste and smell makes his cock jump and tremble. He moves it in and out faster wanting her to cum again. He didn't have to wait long, her grunts getting louder as she cums hard. 

"I could eat that ass all day, Lisa. You want to be my little slut? Let me do what I will to that cunt and ass?" Heath asks her as he slaps his cock on her sloppy pussy. 

"Ah! I'm your slut! Make this body yours!" she urges him.

Suddenly, he shoves all 9 inches into her cunt. Her legs rest on his shoulders as he proceeds to fuck the hell out of her cunt. His balls slap on her ass hard, their grunts and screams keeping time with the thrusts. He bites on her hard nipples, making her scream louder. He abruptly slides out of her cunt and flips her over. He grabs the tube of oil and pours some in her ass crack and slathers some on his cock. He grabs her hips and aims his dick at her asshole.

"Get ready for my cock, baby. You won't be walking right after I'm done with you, dirty slut." Heath growls.

He pushes harder, the plump head of his cock sliding into the tight dark hole. Oh fuck, this is hot, he thinks as he slips further into her. Soon he's buried in her ass balls deep.

"Oh my god! Fuck me hard, you dirty man!" Lisa's screams almost muffled cause her face is buried in the pillows. 

He needs no coaxing. He slaps her ass hard and pulls almost all the way out. He suddenly starts to ram his cock into her savagely, grabbing her hair and pulling her head back roughly. She screams wildly, her hand moves to her clit and rubs it hard.

"You like this, slut? I sure fucking do!" Heath growls. 

Her full ass jiggles hard as he pounds her tight ass. He grunts wildly as he feels her cum spray out onto his balls, her ass squeezing him hard. He shouts out as his thick cum fills her bowels quickly. They collapse on the bed, exhausted. His cock still in her abused ass, he kisses the back of her neck softly.

"Shit, Lisa, your the best fuck I've ever had." he breathlessly whispers. 

"Mmm, god, you really know how to work that cock, baby." Lisa purrs.

"Its nothing baby, just a lil southern comfort!" Heath growls happily.