 Memories are all I have left now. I'm eighty-five years old and live in an assisted living home where I have everything I could want except for a hot pussy in my bed at night. My cock doesn't even get hard anymore what with all the drugs the doctor has me on for high blood pressure just to keep my ticker going for another day or week or month or so. As if I were concerned about dying...hell, I've been living with death as my only faithful companion for a long time now. Doesn't that quack with all his many degrees know that. We all die sooner or later. Right now I'd settle for sooner, but that isn't what this story is all about. 

This story, my story of my one true love, started almost thirty years ago right after my wife, Sandy, died of a very fast acting cancer. Thirty years ago...it seems like it was yesterday. I was in my mid- to late-fifties and enjoying life. 

There was this real dyed in the wool Southern-bred lady at church who had caught my eye five years earlier and we had carried on a mild flirtation over the years that had us both wanting for more, much more than we could reasonably hope for from each other. She was divorced, but I was still a married man and things like that were not the proper way to go about doing things. Still the pecks on the cheek and the hugs lasted just a little bit longer than was proper, what with me being married and all. 

Kate was the name of this woman and while she wasn't the youngest single woman in church, she was the one with whom I clicked almost from the beginning. Ours was a platonic lusting relationship carried on at arms' length over that period of five years. That changed shortly after my wife died. Still, we were discreet around the church and at church functions. 

Before I go on, let me give you some idea of what kind of a couple we were. Kate was 5'6" tall and thin as a fence post having at best a A-cup set of tits though most of the time she had little or no need for a bra to hold them up. Small as they were, they stood up proudly and just begged to be suckled. I on the other hand was 5'8" and rather overweight at 225 pounds...some people, including my doctor, would say that I was obese, though they would have to admit that I was a solid obese with little flab on me. In other words, Kate and I were the "odd couple" in the parish. Her Stan Laurel to my Oliver Hardy, but we did love each other for the people we were.

It took us three months or so after Sandy died for Kate and I to finally get each other undressed and in a common bed. How it happened was almost comical in retrospect since we were still being discreet and had no intention of fucking each other's brains out that Sunday afternoon. 

We both liked to imbibe a bit from time to time and on that particular Sunday, we had gone out to lunch and then ended up at my house. After we got there, Sandy finished half a bottle of wine in almost the blink of an eye and I had a total of about nine fingers of good single malt Scotch to wash down the remnants of my lunch.

"Dick, is it getting warm in here or is it just me?" As Kate asked this question, she unbuttoned to top two buttons of her light summer dress.

"Yeah, it is a bit warmer than it was. Want me to turn up the air conditioner?"

"If you want to." 

I stood up with an obvious bulge in the front of my trousers and Kate's eyes lit up like a Christmas tree going into overload. I turned the air conditioner to a more comfortable setting and walked back to my chair. Instead of sitting down, I picked up my drink and turned towards Kate. What I saw shocked the hell out of me. The top of her dress was around her waist and her braless tits, the same ones I had tried so many times to see, were on display.

"You'll get cold dressed liked that."

"Nope."

"Why not?"

"You are going to keep me warm."

"Are you sure?" Now, I wasn't talking to some eighteen year old virgin on her first date. Kate and I were both in our mid-fifties at the time and had both been around the block a couple of times having both been married before. Her's had ended in divorce and mine, well we know how it ended. Still, my mouth took on a cottony feeling that refused to go away despite repeated efforts on my Scotch's part. 

I drained and refilled my glass as Kate stood up and let her dress fall to the floor. Then she slowly slid her panties over her slim hips and let gravity take them to join the dress. She then picked up her glass of wine and sipped as I admired her naked body for the first time. Kate's breasts while small were perfectly formed on her chest and the coal black hair between her legs was something I had hoped to see since I do enjoy a hairy woman much better than a bald woman. I guess my eyes bulged just a bit at the magnificent sight that was standing not six feet away. I felt as if I had died and gone to heaven and could not believe that after all this time I had finally seen this beautiful woman without any clothes on. It was literally a dream come true. 

"Do you like what you see?"

I nodded my head still unable to speak due to my cotton mouth.

"Your turn."

"W-w-what?" I managed to stammer out after a particularly large swallow of some awfully mellow Scotch.

"I've shown you mine. It's your turn to show me yours."

Again, I merely nodded. As I stood there looking at Kate's nakedness, I pulled my polo shirt over my head and dropped it at my feet. Kicking my shoes off while never taking my eyes off Kate, I also loosened my belt and undid the clasp that held my trousers up. With only a gentle push from me gravity took the hint and deposited my trousers at my feet. I was now dressed in only socks and jockey shorts which were bulging almost indecently with my very hard cock. I took off the socks next after putting my glass on the table. My eyes still hadn't left Kate's, but her eyes had drifted to my crotch. I hooked both thumbs inside the waistband of my jockeys and pushed them down. My cock was a major impediment that I finally managed to overcome. I bent over at the waist to clear my feet and straightened up to find Kate standing right next to me. 

Without a single word being said by either of us, we fell into a deep passionate kiss. My hands traveled down and cupped Kate's ass cheeks. Her's went for pay dirt and clasped my cock in almost a stranglehold. Slowly, Kate started pumping my cock as I reached between her legs searching for an entrance into paradise. I found that entrance and inserted a finger into her pussy while rubbing her clit with another finger. She was already sopping wet to the touch and moaned her appreciation of my finger fucking her while she continued pumping my cock with even more vigor.

Now Kate may have been Southern bred to be a demure lady, but I was soon to find out that she had a wild side second to none. Southern demureness and being a lady had nothing to do with her incredible sexual appetite. 

Kate broke the kiss and moaned "God, but you don't know how long I've wanted this to happen."

"Probably just about as long as I wanted it to happen" was my response as I nibbled on her earlobe. I brought a hand up to her right breast and rolled the nipple between my fingers before cupping the entire tit in the palm of my hand.

"I wish they were bigger."

"Why? I like them just the way they are...anything over a handful is a total waste."

"So you like my tiny tits?"

"They're perfect--just like the rest of you."

"Are you trying to flatter your way into my pussy?"

"No."

"No? You mean you don't want to fuck my dripping pussy with that hard cock of yours?" Her words both shocked me in their vulgarity and thrilled me with the thoughts of what they might portend.

"Oh, I want to fuck it all right, it's just that I'm not flattering you when I tell you the truth. Let's go to someplace more comfortable to continue our show and tell, shall we?" I picked up my Scotch bottle and her half empty second bottle of wine and started towards the back of the house. 

"Grab the glasses and follow me. The bedroom is back here." My cock led the way to where I hoped all my fantasies were to come true.

After we set the bottles and glasses down on the bedside table, we met each other by the side of the bed and kissed passionately as our foreplay continued. I finally, after what seemed like seconds but were probably minutes instead, broke the kiss and gently turned Kate to the bed pushing her backwards until her knees caught on the mattress and she fell back onto the covers. I immediately dropped to my knees and started to kiss the insides of her thighs traveling up each side without touch her cunt lips with my mouth or tongue. I soon had her squirming on the bed as I reached up and pinched her nipples between my fingers. Kate's breathing was getting ragged and I kept up my assault still without touching her pussy.

"Please, Dick."

"Please, what?"

"Please stop teasing me."

"Why? I want you to really enjoy our lovemaking. I want you so hot that your pussy juice will scald my cock."

"Dick, just stop it and fuck my cunt!" 

I ignored her plea and lowered my mouth to her pussy and let my tongue trace the inside of both of her nether lips before capturing her elongated clit between my lips and sucking on it like I hoped she would suck my cock. Kate let out a long loud scream of joy as my mouth and tongue put her over the top into the first orgasm she had as a result of my lovemaking. My cock was now as hard as a steel rod and I stood up over Kate. She looked at it with glazed eyes and smiled knowing what was coming next.

I reached down and draped her knees over my arms exposing her pulsating opening to my gaze. It always had amazed me how such a small hole could first open enough to take almost any size cock and then open enough to give birth to a baby. I only gazed for a few seconds before lowering myself into contact with that wonderful hole that all women have and that few truly know how to use...come to think of it, most men don't know how to use their cocks either.

I slowly played my cock in the folds between her magnificently large pussy lips until they were coated with her slippery fluids. With each pass, my cock head went just a millimeter further in until I had gone as far as I could without penetrating her dripping pussy. At that point, I slowly and agonizingly inserted my fleshy steel rod into her blast furnace cunt.

It must have taken me at least a full two minutes before I bottomed out in her carnal cavern. I could feel my cock head bumping into her cervix just as Kate started a slow fucking movement. I matched her slow pace determined to make her take the lead and to prolong this experience for as long as I could. 

Not a word had passed between us during this entire process of insertion. We locked our lips into a passionate and sloppy kiss using a lot of tongue. I knew she could taste her pussy juice on my tongue and that just served to excite me even more.

I could feel Kate's hands on my back, her finger nails drawing lines wherever they made contact with my skin. In turn, I kneaded her tits making sure to pay attention to what I was finding were her super sensitive nipples. Kate moaned her appreciation into my mouth and picked up the pace of her humping against my cock which was now pistoning in and out of her pussy at a moderate pace. Her back arched as I felt the convulsions ripple through her cunt. I slowed my pace trying to keep my impending cum under control.

"Goddamn it! Give me your fucking cum, Dick. I'm ready for it. Fuck me and give it to me."

"Where do you want it?"

"Deep in my fucking cunt where it's supposed to go. Where the hell else would I want it, Dick?"

"I was thinking of some alternative places."

"Not this time! Fuck me in my cunt this time and there may be other places for you to fuck me later. I've waited too long to feel you spurt your hot cum into my cunt. Fill me up. Make my cunt overflow with your seed. Fuck me, you bastard. Fuck me!"

Once again my pumping went into high gear and the squishing sound coming from where we were joined only added to the excitement of the moment. My cock ballooned just a little bit more and Kate felt it.

"Give it to me. NOW!"

And I did. I'd like to remember that it was the most fantastic cum in my life, but it wasn't. It did, however, come in a very, very close second to the time I had taken my wife's cherry when we were both teenagers and much more frisky than I was thirty years later. Still, I filled Kate's cunt to overflowing without too much effort shooting six or seven ropes of my seed deep into her clasping pussy. As the final shot of my thick cum trickled out of my cock and into her cunt, I fell beside her on the bed and almost literally passed out.

It was only a few seconds later that I felt Kate's mouth wrapped around my cock. She was sucking and licking it clean of both of our juices. I pulled her up and swung her around so that we went into a sixty-nine position and proceeded to lap up the combination of my cum and her slick juices from her cunt. Kate went back to work on my cock and when I told her that I was miraculously going to shoot another load she only doubled her efforts until I released my sperm into her sucking mouth. As my sperm spurted into her mouth, I felt a shiver as more juice trickled into my greedy mouth.

"Hmm, Kate, you taste good."

"So do you. How do you like the taste of your cum?"

"I like it, but not as much as I like your pussy juice."

"Well, I like your cum much better than my pussy juice."

Looking down, I could see Kate's pubic hair matted with the combination of our juices.

"Quite the mess, isn't it?"

"You could say so."

"Was I worth the wait?"

"Yes, and I only hope I was worth the wait for you."

"You were, Dick. I love you. Have I ever told you that before?"

"A couple of minutes ago by your actions. And, by the way, I love you, too."

"Good, now that is settled, where do we go from here?"

"I don't know, Kate. I know that I want to have you in my life forever, but I'm not too sure about marrying you."

"Well, I wasn't planning on getting married again. I just want to be your best friend, a best friend with bedroom privileges."

"Done!"

"Seal it with a kiss, Dick." 

And we did seal it with a kiss. That was thirty years ago. We kept our own houses, acted discreet at church, and were wild with one another in bed.

Kate died six months ago and now I am stuck in this "assisted living" home. I've lost the two loves of my life and, at my age, there isn't likely to be another one. 

Now, I'm afraid you have to excuse me. That pretty young aide is coming down the hall to give me an all over bath. She uses a sponge on most of me, but her tongue does wonders for my cock and balls. So what if she is young enough to be my granddaughter? She has a hairy cunt and small tits, just like Kate did...and, I'm just a dirty eighty-five old man full of nothing but pleasant memories.