 This is part of a multi-chapter story and not a stand alone story; you are recommended to start reading from the first chapter.

Author's notes.

This story is quite light on the sex part and definitely not meant as stroker/written porn. Don't expect many explicit sex scenes. It is about recollections of sexual activity rather than about having sex directly.

Synopsis

A young, pretty woman is found lying unconscious on the road, naked. She is taken to hospital, where a check-up reveals she's had sex with no less than five different men.

Oswald Jones, detective, is in charge of the investigation in this strange case. Together with his colleague Julia, a police counsellor, and his friend Thelma, a news paper journalist, he tries to figure out what has happened to this lady.

During the investigation they find out that this lady is not alone in her ordeal. Oswald and his friends dig in deeper and deeper, to uncover it all.

* * * * * *

Chapter 6. No more memories.

The third week of the investigation started with, well, nothing much. The SIM cards that I photographed at Hotel Aralla were not from any numbers we knew. They were confirmed to be all prepaid cards, and some were not even activated yet. It appeared that after each party the numbers were changed.

I tried to call one of the active numbers. The phone rang, and it was answered.

"Hello?" a male voice answered.

"Good morning. I'm looking for John Smith."

"Sorry, wrong number."

"Oh sorry, bye."

That was just for the fun of it. The number was active all right, and it was answered by a man. That man was likely to be this Sonar character, and now we had a short recording of his voice. You never know when that could be useful.

Next I called Dr Whitewater, about the drugs and a possible antidote Thelma and I could use for Thelma's undercover plan.

"Good morning doctor, have you got any news for me?"

"No, as expected we haven't been able to determine the structure of this drug. The quantity in the blood sample was just too small, sorry about that."

"I see, well if ever I find it pure, you'll get some. Another question, is there anything like an antidote to this type of drugs? Something that prevents it from working when taken in advance?"

"I have to look this up. Many drugs do have an antidote, but it's usually administered afterwards. What do you want with it?"

"Just curious, some inconsistencies in the investigation that this may explain," I lied. I couldn't tell the doctor the real purpose, not yet at least. "Thank you in advance."

The next call was to my old friend Mike Raviola, an expert on all kind of electronics. I invited him over to Hotel Aralla, as I wanted to show the unknown device to him. Maybe he could tell me more about it.

Arriving at the hotel site, Mike was waiting for me already. I quickly led him to the place where I found this mobile phone thing, and showed it to him. He looked surprised.

"I have never seen anything like it before," he said. "This is really interesting. It is custom made, there is not a single identification on the case. To really figure out how it works I'd have to take it down to a lab for analyses."

"That'd alarm Sonar. We don't want that, not yet at least."

"Well at least I'm quite positive that this is what you think it is: a mobile phone repeater. This thing probably takes the calls of all these cards, and forwards them to somewhere else. That may be another telephone, that may be something totally different, like a modified two-way radio."

"Sounds sophisticated."

"And it is. This is not amateur work. This is done by someone who knows what he is doing, and who has the resources to put it together."

"Thanks. That helps."

We carefully replaced everything, not to leave a trace, and left. I knew more than I had but it was still another dead end in my investigation. 

The next morning, Tuesday, I received an e-mail from Dr Whitewater.

