 My name's Ellie – and I'm a slut.

Well, I must be – if you look in a dictionary, it describes me just right. Well, some of the time anyway. Most of the time, the dictionary is wrong about me. But then, every now and again, I get a deep aching in the base of my belly, an aching that reaches up to my breasts and down to my pussy, an aching that makes my nipples hard and my breasts and pussy tingle, an aching that will only go away if I behave like the slut I really am.

So when the aching comes, I book a holiday – and I ease that ache.

This is what happened the last time that ache came along, and I went away for a week. This is what happened on Tuesday, the second day of my holiday.

*************************

Tuesday

By the time I woke up, the sun was already shining brightly through the curtains that I'd hastily drawn when I'd got back from Pete's room only a few hours earlier. I squinted at the clock beside the bed, and sighed wearily when I realised that I'd already missed breakfast. So, instead of rushing about I took my time. I stretched deliciously, straining every part of my body as I reached high above me with my hands and pointed downwards with my toes before relaxing back on the bed.

I lay for a minute and thought about the night before, about Pete – and his gorgeous cock. I cupped my breasts, rubbing my nipples with my thumbs until they were rock hard as visions from the previous night played through my mind.

Without even thinking about it, my hands wandered over my body, down over my flat tummy and onto my plump mound. I ran my fingers through my thin covering of hair, feeling the dampness that was already springing outwards. My fingertips played across my clit, my breathing getting ragged as I teased the hard nub of flesh. My other hand was cupped around my pussy, one then two fingers slipping inside, searching out the spot that I knew would drive me to an explosive orgasm in seconds.

My fingers became a blur as they danced around my clit, as they pumped into my hungry pussy. My mind was full of pictures of Pete, of us together, of his mouth on my pussy, of his cock inside me, of that last time on the balcony. My back arched as my orgasm approached, and I thrust my fingers deep inside my pussy, my body on fire. My orgasm crashed through me, and I sagged back on the bed – my eyes flying open as I realised that now it was Tony I could see, bent over that table in the restaurant, his trousers impossibly tight around his ass.....

I shook my head and climbed out of bed, heading straight to the bathroom for a shower. Afterwards, I walked across the bedroom rubbing my hair, water dripping everywhere. I drew the curtains and stepped out onto the balcony, quickly wrapping the towel loosely around me. I sat back in one of the chairs, and rested my feet on the small table, enjoying the heat of the mid morning sun on me as I idly finger combed my hair and thought about the day ahead.

Back in the room, I slipped into a bikini, pulled on a pair of denim shorts that barely covered my ass, and a loose fitting tee shirt. I grabbed all the odds and ends I might need by the pool and dropped them into a shoulder bag. A few minutes later I was down in the bar area, heading towards the pool. I saw that the door to the restaurant was open, so I decided to take a short cut. I hadn't even got more than a few steps inside the restaurant before I heard his voice.

"I'm sorry," he said, "but breakfast is over, we are closed."

Even before I turned around, I knew it was Tony - and I could feel his smouldering eyes on me. I turned around quickly, and caught him raising his eyes away from the level of my ass. But he only raised them slowly, and a tingle tore through me as he undressed me with his eyes as they moved slowly upwards until he was looking at my face. My legs felt weak as he looked at me, his eyes full of desire as I pointed lamely at the wide glass doors leading out to the pool, explaining that I was just cutting through.

He smiled, and I thought I would melt. He asked if I had missed breakfast, and then took my arm before I could answer and led me towards some huge baskets of fruit that had yet to be cleared away. I watched as Tony carefully selected some fruit for me, acutely aware of his strength as he stood close to me, as he leaned across me. He handed me the fruit, dazzling me with his smile. My legs felt like jelly again, and my pussy throbbed unbearably. It took all my self control not to grab him, but only to smile a "thank you" at him, and stumble out to the pool. 

Once by the pool, I found a sun bed and sat down quickly, my heart racing. I munched my way through the fruit Tony had given me, before I kicked my sandals off, and pulled my tee shirt over my head. Standing up, I slid my shorts down my legs, conscious of a few eyes looking my direction. I sat down again, suddenly aware of the wet patch on my bikini bottoms. I rolled over onto my front and reached behind me to untie my bikini, enjoying the heat of the sun on my body as my mind and imagination went into overdrive over Tony.

It must have been an hour or so later when I saw him again. I had just got out of the pool, and was laying back down, still dripping water, when he came over, a tray in his hand.

"Drink, Madam?" he asked, a delicious twinkle in his eyes as they roamed over my practically naked body.

I could feel my nipples hardening into tight peaks that poked through my wet bikini as he looked at me, as his eyes lingered on my firm, full breasts. I looked up at him, puzzled as to why he was serving drinks when he seemed to almost run the restaurant. He must have seen my expression, so he lent closer until his face was close to mine. How I didn't grab him and kiss those full lips, I don't know. But instead he told me how he only served his "special guests".

I laughed with him and ordered a cold beer, watching his perfect ass as he walked away to get my drink. I slipped my top off, making sure that I sat up a little more than was necessary when he came back with my drink, his eyes on my breasts making my pussy even wetter. After that, I didn't see Tony for the rest of the day. I spent my time lazing by the pool, sometimes in the hot sun, sometimes in the shade. I swam and read – and day dreamed. By late afternoon, I had had enough, and headed back to my room. After a shower, I sat out on the balcony to dry off in the sun.

Once I was dry, I went back inside and dug out a bottle of baby oil, which I liked to use to keep my skin soft after being in the sun. Standing naked in front of the mirror, I poured a little of the oil into the palm of my hand and rubbed it slowly across my belly. My back was next, and then my legs. Then I moved onto my breasts, and everywhere else until I was stood glistening in the soft light. While the oil soaked into my skin, I sorted my hair out, put on a hint of make up, and got some clothes out ready.

I dressed carefully – sexy undies, a vee neck tee shirt that clung to me in all the right places, and a black skirt that was probably only just long enough to be called a skirt. I slipped on a pair of high heeled sandals, grabbed my bag, and headed to the bar.

I sat on a tall bar stool, my skirt barely hiding my thong, and sipped at an ice cold rum and coke while I looked around. There were plenty of people around, but no sign of Tony. When I'd finished my drink, I wandered over to the restaurant, expecting to find Tony at the door like the previous night. But again, there was no sign of him. Struggling to hide my disappointment, I dropped my bag off at my table and went off to select some food from the buffet.

When I sat down, I ordered a glass of wine from a very attentive wine waiter – I guess my plunging neck line and short skirt did me no harm in getting served quickly! I took my time over my meal, before wandering towards reception, planning to head outside to the bars and night clubs that lined the main street. But I never made it – as I walked towards reception I spotted Tony.

I saw him through the large smoked glass doors that dominated one side of the wide passage way through to reception. The doors led to a wide veranda, which overlooked the hotels tennis courts. It was difficult to see him in the gathering gloom, but it was definitely Tony I could see. He was alone, walking around the pool table that sat in the middle of the veranda, a cue in his hand.

I pushed the heavy doors open and stepped outside just as Tony leant over the table to take a shot. He glanced up and smiled, then continued to line up his shot. I didn't mind – I just walked around behind him and watched! When he was finished he stood and looked across as me again.

"Want to play," he asked, a wicked glint in his eye as he held out the cue to me.

I told him that I'd never played before.

"No problem," he told me, "I'll teach you."

We chatted quietly while I watched him setting the table up again. When he'd finished, be beckoned me over and stood next to me and showed me how to hold the cue, his hands on my arm setting off those tingles again. As I leant over the table I could feel my skirt riding up the back of my thighs. Tony moved a little uncomfortably as his eyes moved from my legs to my bum. I took the shot, then stood up slowly and handed the cue to Tony.

I stood next to him as he took his shot, aware of the graceful strength in his movements. He stood next to me again for my shot, our legs touching. I missed by a mile, then watched as he potted one ball and then another. I moved to the side of the table and leant over, his eyes drawn straight away to my plunging neckline. He missed his next shot. I smiled sweetly at him and took the cue. This time he stood half behind me, his leg hard against mine. I missed – and it was his turn to smile as he took the cue. 

I stood close to him, very close, and leant over as he did. He missed, then immediately handed me the cue.

"You need to stand here," he told me as he guided me towards the end of the table with his hands on my hips.

He stood behind me, our bodies barely touching. As I leant over, my ass brushed against him, against the hard outline of his cock. I waited for him to press himself against me, but nothing happened. I took the shot – and potted a ball for the first time. I started to stand up, but this time Tony did lean forward, his hand on my back.

"Your turn again," he murmured huskily, his mouth inches from my ear. "Let me help you", he added, leaning even further forward until his hand was resting on mine.

When he moved a shockwave went through me as his cock pressed against me. I pushed back against him, his cock searing hot even through our clothes. My legs were like jelly as I took the shot - and some how managed to pot another ball. I took a deep breath as Tony leant against me, his hand running up and down my arm. He rocked his hips, rubbing his cock – which must have been threatening to burst out of his trousers – along the line of the cleft between my ass cheeks.

I stifled a groan as his cock grew even harder, as desire tore through my body, as even more juices leaked into my already wet thong from my throbbing pussy.

"Hard luck," he whispered in my ear as I not surprisingly missed the next shot.

For a moment he didn't move, our bodies pressed together. Then he stood up slowly, and took the cue from me. As he leant over the table, I stepped close to him, any pretence over what we both wanted gone as I reached around and ran my fingertips up and down the hard outline of his cock, murmuring lewd comparisons between the cue and his cock. 

Tony missed his shot, and I quickly took my turn at the table. As I leant over he stood very close to me, pressing my pussy onto the corner of the table as he pushed against me. I sighed as I felt his strong hands sliding up my back. His fingers plucked at my bra strap through my tee shirt, and I felt my breasts pressing forwards as the catch gave way.

"Take it off," he told me in a barely controlled whisper.

I stood up just enough to start pulling my bra straps down my arms from underneath my tee shirt.

"No, all of it," he said from behind me, tugging at my tee shirt. 

I looked around, not knowing if we could be seen now that it had got darker. But Tony didn't seem worried so after only a moment's hesitation I swept my tee shirt over my head, my bra falling to the floor with it. This time Tony groaned as I leant forward again, feeling practically naked. I pushed back against his hardness as his arms came around me and my breasts filled his hands for the first time. We both moaned as he tugged at my already erect nipples, sending waves of lust through me as the game was all but forgotten.

I stood up and turned in his arms, thrusting my tongue into his mouth as our lips crushed together. I tugged at his shirt buttons and pulled the sides apart, pressing my naked breasts to his bare chest. My hands slid down his belly as we kissed breathlessly, his arms around me. I undid his belt and pushed it to one side. I fumbled with his button impatiently, then pulled his zip down and reached into his boxers.

I gasped as I held his cock for the first time, as I felt his hot flesh in my hand. I looked down between us. My hand looked tiny against his hard, throbbing shaft. I groaned and slid my hand along his shaft as we renewed our kissing, our tongues dancing over each other. 

I let go of him, and turned back to the pool table. I leant over, pointing my ass at him, wanting him. I felt him close behind me, his strong fingers tugging what there was of my thong to one side, his hot cock close to me. But then we heard voices, loud voices. With a start I stood up, and pulled Tony to me. As we kissed again, I pushed him backwards, into the deeper shade behind us.

I dropped to my knees, his cock bobbing in front of me. I stared for a moment, only now appreciating how thick his cock was. I moaned and leant forward to greedily suck him into my mouth. Tony leant back against the wall as I sucked on his cock before licking his shaft from top to bottom. I pushed his cock up onto his belly and licked his balls, sucking them into my mouth one at a time. 

Tony grabbed my head, his fingers entwined in my hair as I held his shaft and guided him back into my mouth. I stroked along his shaft, my hand moving faster and faster as I sucked on him harder, as I drew him deeper into my mouth, as he began to fuck me back, his hips rocking backwards and forwards.

He groaned loudly a split second before his body tensed and the first jet of his thick cum rocketed into my mouth. I sucked hard, my lips sliding up and down his thick shaft as his cum poured into my mouth. I kept my mouth sealed around his cock, his veins throbbing against my lips as I sucked all he had to offer from him.

When his last spurt of cum was safely in my mouth, I stood up, his cock still in my hand, and looked at him as I swallowed most of his cum. I felt his cock twitch as he watched me, a dribble of his cum escaping from the corner of my mouth. Then I leant forward to kiss him. At first he hesitated, then my lips were on his, our tongues dancing across each other as he felt and tasted his own cum.

After our kiss, Tony quickly did his trousers up while I dragged my tee shirt back over my head. I tucked my bra into my bag, and quickly led the way to the lift. My pussy was throbbing like mad, and I desperately needed to be taken care of. I needn't have worried – as soon as the lift doors shut, Tony backed me into the corner of the lift, his hand reaching under my skirt even as his lips met mine.

I moaned against his mouth as his fingers gently eased my swollen lips apart, one, then two, fingers sliding easily inside me through my wetness. But seconds later they were gone as Tony lifted me onto the narrow rail that ran around the edge of the lift. I held the rails each side of me as I perched in the corner, Tony's hands sliding along my thighs, pushing my skirt up high, as he knelt in front of me.

I shuddered as he pulled my thong to one side, and plunged his tongue inside me. He lapped at my pussy and sucked on my lips, his tongue flicking everywhere, along my slit, across my clit, down to my ass as I drew my legs up higher. The lift stopped, but I didn't care, I just wanted him to carry on. Even when the doors slid open, all I could think of was the lust, the need, coursing through me. 

My breathing was ragged as I grabbed his head with one hand and pulled him tighter to me. I could feel his nose rubbing against my clit as his tongue reached inside me. Then he eased back a little and slid two fingers inside me. He fucked me with them, slowly then faster. His tongue was on my clit now, licking and flicking, matching his fingers until I was trembling. I cried out as I came, as a flood of juices filled his mouth and waves of pleasure flooded my body.

Even as I came, Tony still concentrated on my clit, his fingers locked inside my pussy as my muscles gripped him tight. He brought me down to earth slowly, before standing up and stepping between my outspread knees. This time it was me who tasted my juices as we kissed, as our tongues slithered across each other.

As we kissed, I became more aware of the lift doors being open, of the clacking of heels on the marble floor as someone approached. I slid down off the rail and hurriedly pulled my thong back over my dripping pussy and straightened my skirt, but not before I saw – and quickly felt – the hard bulge at the front of Tony's trousers. With a grin, I grabbed Tony's hand and led him out of the lift, just as another couple came around the corner.

As Tony lived away from the hotel, we were heading for my room, which was about half way along the wide corridor. Outside the room, I fumbled for my key card in my bag, anxious to be alone with Tony. But before I could open the door, Tony called out.

"Come here," was all he said.

I spun around, a little confused. Tony was sat on one of the benches that were spaced out along the corridor. He was sat with his arms outstretched, his hands on the benches each side of him, and his legs wide apart. But my eyes were drawn to his opened trousers – and to the thick, hard cock that was stood up waiting for me.

"Quickly," he murmured.

Without a moment's hesitation, I stepped towards him, towards his cock. He ran his hands up the outside of my thighs as I stepped between his legs, pushing my skirt up around my waist. I felt his hands sliding under the thin straps of my thong – and then a jerk as he tore the flimsy material away from my body, before dropping them onto the floor.

I straddled Tony quickly, his hands sliding around my hips and onto my ass. I reached down to hold his cock as it jerked about beneath me. With a barely concealed groan, I rubbed him against me, feeling his hot cock on my pussy for the first time. I eased myself down, taking just the head of him inside me. I could feel him stretching me, my pussy tight around his wide cock. And then I dropped down on him, my weight driving his cock inside me at last, my juices making it easy for us.

I held him tight, my arms around his neck, my breathing harsh in his ear, as I slid up and down his thick cock. I tried to move slowly at first, to savour the feel of his thick cock filling, stretching me. But within seconds I was wildly bouncing up and down on him, my mouth locked on his to muffle our cries, our surroundings forgotten.

His hands were under me, holding my ass. I felt his fingers searching out my puckered hole, scratching lightly across it. I froze for a split second as he slipped his finger inside me, deep into my ass. Then I was fucking him even more wildly, my hair flying around me as he drove his cock into me. And then I crying out as I came, as a flurry of powerful spasms rocked my body. And then Tony was cumming, powerful jets of his cum erupting inside me, filling me.
