 -----In my second year of college, I lived on the floor that was co-ed. The dorm was usually split 50/50, with the women on the west half of the complex, and the men on the east. But that year, there were more women than men, so they put about 10 or 12 girls on the men's side. It took a while to get used to seeing the girls walk by my room only wearing a towel as they went to and from the women's showers, which were on the other half of the floor.

-----The prettiest of these girls was Sunny. She was, like me, from a small town in the north. Not the same town, but only 50 or 60 miles away from where I grew up. I never really spoke to Sunny, other to say hello in passing. Other guys seemed to vie for her attention constantly. I'd heard she had a boyfriend back at home, and to be honest, I was a little intimidated by how pretty she was, so I just never really said much at all to her. Plus with my classes, 3 work-study jobs, an on-again-off-again girlfriend back at home, and a couple of girlfriends here at school, I was pretty busy. 

-----This was before the age of the internet, cell-phones, and social media. Our dorm rooms had no telephones or cable TV. There was a big-screen (projection) TV in the open basement recreation area, and a locked 'screening lounge' that students could reserve for watching movies. There were a couple of couches in there, as well as a TV and a VCR.

-----One night, my room-mate was studying for an exam, so I wandered to the basement to watch TV. Sunny was down there watching the nightly news. I asked if I could join her and she nodded so I sat on the opposite side of the couch. We watched the news, and then Saturday Night Live came on. We laughed at the monologue from the host, and then started talking about random stuff. Eventually, we ended up sitting next to each other since we were talking.

She asked me, "How come you never talked to me before?"

"I say 'Hello.' when I see you in the hallways." I told her.

"You're not in your room very much." She said. "The only time you ever have your door open is in the morning, when I'm heading to or from the shower. You're never there in the afternoons or evenings, and it's rare that you're here on a weekend."

"I work 3 work-study jobs, and I'm trying for 16 credits this semester." I replied. "I used to have a weekend job back home, but I just quit it. It got to be too much, going home every weekend just to work."

"4 jobs, plus 16 credits!" She exclaimed, "Are you trying to burn yourself out?"

"It was a bit too much." I said. "So now I'm here over the weekends. I must say, it's very quiet around here."

"Most people go home." She said. "It gets pretty boring. This is the first time I've watched SNL with anyone. I usually just watch it by myself and then go to my room and go to bed."

-----Of course, at that time, 4 other students, 2 boys and 2 girls came down and sat with us. They had beer and popcorn. They were passing the popcorn back and forth over us so I asked Sunny if she would like to move over to the love seat and let the 4 rowdy people sit together. She said to me, "It was nicer before they were here. I wish I had TV in my room so we could go somewhere quieter to watch it. I told her I had a small TV in my room, but my room-mate was studying. Then I remembered I had made a copy of the key to the screening room earlier in the year.

"I have an idea." I told her. "Come with me." We went up to the first floor, by the office. The door to the screening room was visible from the front desk, but no one was at the desk so I took out my key and let us in.

"How did you get a key?" Sunny asked.

"I just made a copy at the hardware store." I replied.

"Smart thinking." She said, as she went over and turned on the TV. We sat together on the couch and resumed watching SNL. When it ended, the local NBC station went off the air. "Well, now what?" She asked.

There was no cable in the screening room, but occasionally people left VHS movies in there. I looked around, and in the bottom of the end table I found a tape.

"I found a movie." I told her. "But you probably won't want to watch it."

"I'm not tired yet." She said. "I'll watch anything, no matter how stupid it is."

It was called, "The Maddams family" and it was rated XXX. I showed it to her and asked, "Are you sure you want to watch this one?"

"Why not?" She asked. "How bad can it be?"

"Have you ever watched one of these before?" I asked.

"I've seen the guys watching them on Thursday nights, down in room 312." She said. "I never went in, but I've caught a few glimpses walking by."

"It's probably going to be pretty graphic." I explained.

"I can handle graphic." She replied. "It's late at night. That's when graphic happens, right?"

"Okay." I said, and popped in the tape and hit rewind to start from the beginning. Sunny had found a couple of pillows and a small throw-type blanket. I turned off the lights and sat on the couch with her and we shared the blanket.

"Ooohhh, romantic." She said jokingly.

So we started watching it. It was an X-rated spoof on "The Addams family." It was pretty typical 80's porn fare. A lame plot, a dumb story line, horrible acting, cheesy music and graphic close ups. The first scene ended in a 'doggy style scene with 'Cortez' pulling out and cumming on 'Orticia's ass.

Sunny asked me, "Did you like that?" 

"It was okay." I replied. 

The second scene was a girl on girl scene between Tuesday and 'Cousin Tit'. We laughed at the name and then she asked, "Do you like watching 2 women together?"

"I'd rather watch just regular couples." I told her.

"Me, too." She said. "Let's fast forward this." 

So we skipped ahead to the next two scenes; the first one showed Tuesday getting some 'practice' with 'Cortez' and it finished with a blow job and then a hand job with a cumshot all over Tuesday's boobs. 

The other scene showed 'Cousin Tit' with 'Uncle Pester'. That one finished when 'Uncle Pester' pulled out and released a nice cumshot onto 'Cousin Tit's stomach.

"So why can't guys do that in real life?" Sunny asked me.

"What do you mean?" I asked in return.

"Everybody I've been with always finished inside of me, and it just causes me lots of problems." She said. "I tried using condoms, but I discovered I was allergic to latex. Then I found out I was allergic to polyurethane and spermicide as well. I get really irritated from them. So I went on the pill. But then I also ended up getting some kind of allergic reaction whenever my boyfriend would squirt it inside me at the end."

"Why didn't you just ask him not to do it inside you? Especially if it affects you that way" I asked.

"I did ask him once, but he came inside me anyway. He said he just couldn't stop. I was actually going to tell him to try doing it again, but we broke up when I left for school this past summer so I didn't get the chance. He said he wanted to see other people."

"What a jerk." I said.

"Yeah," She replied. "So I haven't done it in like 8 months."

"That's a long time." I told her. We went back to watching the movie. The final scene showed 'Crotch' (instead of 'Lurch') with 2 women. At the end, he pulled out and ejaculated on one woman's back while the other woman watched him do it. Again, Sunny asked me, "Did you like that?"

"I did." I answered.

"If you were with a girl, and you were having sex," She said, "And if you both decided that you were going to, you know... pull out at the end? Would you rather do it like 'Crotch' or like 'Uncle Pester'?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"If you pulled out right before you came, would you rather do it on the girl's back or on her stomach?"

"Oh. On her stomach, I guess." I said. "I've done that already a few times, so I've gotten pretty good at it."

"You've done that in real life?" She asked.

"I have, but only on their stomachs." I replied. "Hey, a guy has to do something when he doesn't have a condom, and the girl's not on the pill."

"And you said you're good at it?"

"I'd say I got pretty good at it. None of them ended up pregnant." I replied. "At least not that I know about. Knock on wood." I knocked on the end table for luck. The credits ended, and we rewound the movie and I got ready to put it back where I found it.

"I wish there was another one of those we could watch." Sunny said. "I'm kind of wired now."

"We could watch it again." I suggested.

"Do you want to?" She asked.

"I'm game if you are." I replied. So we started watching it again. When the first scene ended, she asked me, "You haven't done it like that, huh? On the girl's back?"

"Nope."

"Do you think you'd ever want to?"

"I'm sure I will someday." I told her. "If I'm with someone, and we're in that position when the time comes... Well, when it happens it happens, right?"

We skipped the lesbian scene again and watched the scene where 'Uncle Pester' pulled out and unloaded all over the stomach of 'Cousin Tit'.

"So that's how you've done it before, eh?" She asked.

"Pretty much." I replied. 

"Did you like doing it like that?"

"I did."

"Did the girls like it?"

"I think so." I answered.

"I would think so, too." She said in return. 

"Would you like it?" I asked her teasingly. 

"What are you asking me?" She asked. 

"Would you like it if I did that with you?"

"Maybe." She answered with a smile. "Let's watch that part again."

So we rewound the tape and watched again as 'Cousin Tit' got her belly soaked with cum.

"Did you see how he even got some on her boob?" Sunny asked. "Have you done that before?"

"The first time I pulled out at the end..." I told her, "So much came out of me that it ended up on the poor girl's stomach, on her boobs, on her neck, in her hair and even on the pillow." 

"Oh my god!" She exclaimed. "I couldn't imagine that."

"We had to walk to the bathroom to get her a towel afterwards." I replied. "When I turned on the light, I could see it was all over her everywhere."

"So what did she say when you did that?" She asked.

"Well, I apologized for making such a mess on her, but she just told me it was okay. It was better safe than sorry and that she didn't mind. She said it kind of came with the territory."

"Came with the territory?" Sunny asked.

"Well, before we started, I told her I didn't have any condoms. She just told me it would be okay as long as I was careful at the end."

"Ahh, I see." She said. Then she asked, "Was she a blonde or a brunette?"

"What does that matter?" I asked.

"I'm just trying to visualize it, that's all."

"All right, visualize this." I told her. "She was a brunette. She was tall, about 5 foot 7 or 8 inches. She had really long straight hair. We were at a beach hotel, during spring break, and I remember she had bikini tan lines. I liked how her tanned skin made it easy to see all of my, well, you know... It was all over her. And it was dripping down from her shoulders and her hair. And down her stomach, too. I pretty much had to use the whole towel to clean her off afterwards."

"Wow, that was a pretty vivid description." She said. "I can definitely visualize it."

I was visualizing it too as I remembered that incredible night. 

"And you really didn't have a problem pulling it out at the end?"

"Nope." I told her. 

"And you didn't mind doing it like that?" She asked me.

"I really enjoyed it, actually." I replied.

Sunny grabbed the remote control and rewound the tape back to where Uncle Pester was about to pull out and hit play. As he reached his hand down to pull out, she snuggled closer to me and asked, "Would you like to do that with me tonight?"

"I would love to." I told her.

"I just really want to feel it shoot out all over me at the end. I think that would be really nice."

"If we do it here," I said, "Someone could come in. Someone else might have a key."

"Let's just go up to my room then." She replied. "My room-mate is gone for the weekend."

"Perfect." I said. "I'll just rewind this tape and put it back."

"We can finish watching it first." She said. "It'll keep us turned on. Then, when it's over, I'll head up to my room while you rewind it and put it away. My room's a little messy. I did laundry today and there's clothes everywhere. I'll have everything put away by the time you get up there, okay?"

-----So we watched it until the end again. Sunny went up to her room as I cleaned up the screening room and put everything away. I took my time, so she would have time to get things ready upstairs, but it was only about 5 minutes later that I went back up to the 3rd floor and down to Sunny's room. The door was partially open and I tapped lightly as I let myself in. I closed the door, went in and sat on the bed next to her. "So how do you want to do this?" I asked.

"Well, let's get undressed." She said. She started by taking off my shirt. I then took off hers. Then she took off her bra. Her breasts were beautiful. They had to be at least a 34c. I unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down, and Sunny did the same. "I guess this is the moment of truth, huh?" She said as she slid her panties off. 

I took off my underwear and she got her first look at my cock. "Ooh, that's nice." She said. "I've been kind of thinking about what it would look like. Remember when I said I was 'visualizing' before? I wasn't just talking about that girl you were with on spring break. I was also visualizing this."

"To be honest," I replied, "I was thinking about you as well."

"I liked watching that movie with you." She said. "It definitely got me thinking about sex. And what it would be like with you." Then she reached her hand down and grabbed a hold of my shaft. "Yours is just as big as those guys in the movies." She said. "Maybe even a little bigger than some of them."

I looked over at her body and told her, "You're really beautiful Sunny. I think you're way prettier than any of those women in that movie. They wore too much makeup."

"I'm too pale." She said. "I don't get much sun. You said you liked that girl with the tan lines, but I don't have those."

"Trust me, you're beautiful." I said, stroking her leg. "Your skin is really soft." I continued stroking her legs, then worked my way up between them. Her pubic hair was really soft, too. I inserted a finger between her legs. She was very warm and already wet. My cock was dripping quite a bit of pre-cum so I asked her if she was ready.

"I am." She replied. Then she asked, "Can we leave the lights on?" 

"Of course." I answered. "I like to watch, too."

She spread her legs as I climbed on top of her. I took my cock in my hand and rubbed it up and down against her labia.

"Mmmmmm." She moaned. "That feels really nice. You're making me tingle."

I did it for a while, and when we were both really slippery, I slowly inserted myself inside her. 

-----"Oh God! This is wonderful!" She exclaimed as I went deeper.

"So you said it's been 8 months since you've felt anything like this?" I asked her as I started thrusting in and out of her.

"8 months too long." She said, looking down and watching my cock slide in and out of her.

"It's been a few months for me, too." I replied. "So I can't promise you I'll be able to last very long."

"Don't worry about how long you can last. Just let me know when you're going to pull out. It looks so hot watching you disappear inside me and then slide back out. I can't wait to see it when you pull it out and cum all over me."

I only lasted about 4 or 5 more minutes. When I felt myself getting ready to explode I said, "Okay, Sunny. Here it comes." I saw her look closer as I reached my hand down, withdrew my cock from inside her into my hand, aimed it towards her stomach and just started letting go. It really had been a long time for me and I must have spewed 6 or 7 big spurts all over her. 

-----When I was finished, Sunny looked up at me and said between breaths, "That was amazing... Wow, it's so warm... That was really incredible... And wonderful... Thank you so much."

"No need to thank me." I said, squeezing the last drops of semen from my shaft onto her stomach. "You were pretty fantastic yourself."

I found a box of Kleenex on her desk and proceeded to clean off her stomach before it started dripping down her sides. When I was done, she said, "You must have been right about it being a while. That was a lot of cum. More than those guys in that movie, that's for sure. I like how you cleaned me up afterwards. That was very respectful of you. I couldn't imagine my ex-boyfriend doing that. He would have just rolled over and left me like that."

"I like cleaning up afterwards. "I told her. "It's part of the whole process. If you don't use a condom, which I don't particularly like anyway, then sex is going to get pretty messy at the end when the semen starts shooting out."

"I liked that part a lot." She said.

"I did, too." I told her. "But it makes a mess. Especially if it's been a while, like tonight. And when I make a mess, I clean it up."

"I'm just saying," Sunny said, "Not everybody would."

"I couldn't imagine not helping to clean up afterwards." I said. "I find it really sexy."

"It is sexy." She replied. "I was going to say that, but I thought it would come out sounding corny."

We lied down on the bed next to each other and rested for a few minutes. It was already getting light outside. By some unspoken agreement, we both got up and started getting dressed at the same time.

"I really liked tonight." She said, "It felt really really good, but we probably shouldn't have done it. You know this can't go any farther. I've got too much going on in my life to start any kind of relationship right now."

"I understand." I replied. I was pretty busy as well. "I'm not going to forget you, though. Tonight really was amazing."

"Yep, I'd say amazing pretty much describes it." She said. 

-----We still smiled at each other when we passed in the halls, and one time she stopped by my room to say hello, but that one night together was all we had. I'm glad we did it, though. It was a wonderful experience for both of us. As I look back on my college days, I sometimes wonder what became of Sunny. 

-----The End.