 My name's Ellie – and I'm a slut.

Well, I must be – if you look in a dictionary, it describes me just right. Well, some of the time anyway. Most of the time, the dictionary is wrong about me. But then, every now and again, I get a deep aching in the base of my belly, an aching that reaches up to my breasts and down to my pussy, an aching that makes my nipples hard and my breasts and pussy tingle, an aching that will only go away if I behave like the slut I really am.

So when the aching comes, I book a holiday – and I ease that ache.

This is what happened the last time that ache came along, and I went away for a week. This is what happened on Thursday, the fourth day of my holiday.

*************************

Thursday

It was lunchtime before I woke up after my long night with Matt and Tom. I'd got back to my hotel just as the sun was starting to rise. The walk back from their hotel hadn't taken many minutes, but even so I got quite a few disapproving looks from the people I saw as they looked at my dress, which was still damp and sandy, and was clinging to my otherwise naked body.

Once I was back at my hotel, I crept in, thankful that reception was open and that I didn't have to wait around for the night porter. I called out a cheeky "good morning" in response to the look the receptionist gave me, and then headed towards the lifts. As soon as I was in my room, I dragged my dress off, made sure the curtains were drawn to block out the light, and climbed into bed. I must have been asleep before my head even hit the pillow.

At first I felt refreshed from my sleep as I stretched on the bed, my hands high above my head. But then, as I sank back onto the bed and started to wake up properly, I realised how tender I was feeling after the night before – or more precisely, after the last three nights! Gingerly, I climbed off the bed and headed to the bathroom. I ran a nice hot bath while I sorted myself out, then climbed in and laid back, the water up to my neck. I soaked for a long time, letting the bubbly water ease away some of my aches and tenderness. 

It was well into the afternoon by the time I was ready to leave my room. While I'd been soaking, I'd decided on spending the rest of the afternoon by the pool, then getting something to eat at the hotel on my own before an early night. Then, I thought, I'd be more than ready for the rest of the week. Well that had been my plan until I met Steve.

After pulling on some shorts and a tee shirt over my bikini, I had left my stuff on a sun bed by the pool before walking to the shop next door to find something to eat to make up for the meals I'd already missed. Back at the hotel, I'd sat by the pool and ate my snack, washing it down with some ice cold water from the bar. Only then had I stripped off and stretched out in the sun. I could only have been lying out for a few minutes when I heard him speak for the first time.

"Do you mind if I join you?" he asked politely in a deep, sexy voice.

"It's just that there doesn't seem to be many sun beds left," he added as I rolled onto my side and looked up to see who was speaking, one arm folded over my naked breasts, the other shading my eyes from the sun.

I looked around and saw that there were dozens of sun beds lying empty, like there usually were at this time of day. I looked back at him and saw his face break out into a huge grin that made his whole face come alive. He shrugged as if to say "sorry", but I could only laugh with him, which he took as a "yes". As he sat down beside me, I took a good look at him for the first time.

I guessed that he must have been in his mid forties, although when he grinned like that he looked much younger. He was only wearing a pair of swimming shorts that were still wet from where he'd been in the pool. He clearly kept himself fit, and his deep tan looked good on him. His hair was dark and thick, with just a sprinkling of grey. I could see that he was well built from his powerful chest, and the outline of the muscles across his belly and thighs. 

In the few seconds it took for me to take all of this in, he had settled down onto the sun bed next to mine. He turned to face me and introduced himself with a smile as Steve. He held out his hand to me, which I took as I told him my name. His hand was warm, with a sort of gentle strength. As I was half sat up, I still had my arm folded across my breasts, but even so his eyes stayed on my face as we started to chat. 

The time flew by as we alternated between chatting about just about anything we could think of, and lapsing into friendly silence. I didn't even notice that we had slipped into the shade as it got later in the afternoon. When a waiter came around, Steve ordered us both a cold beer. As the waiter returned, I started to sit up so that I could slip my bikini top back on.

I felt strangely shy as Steve politely averted his eyes. I turned to sit on the edge the sun bed with my back to him, but then I felt his hands tying the strings behind my back as I reached around awkwardly, his touch firm but gentle. I turned back to face him as we sipped at our drinks, and this time I could feel his eyes on me from behind his sunglasses.

"Would you like to have dinner with me later," he asked out of the blue, "I know this little place just out of town ......."

He had barely got the words out when I told him a little breathlessly "yes, I'd love to". I stopped in surprise at myself, surprise at the speed of my reaction and the effect the thought of spending more time with Steve was suddenly having on me. After all, while Steve was good fun and great company, he wasn't really my type, whatever that was. Or was he?

Shortly afterwards, we headed up to our rooms – Steve was in a different part of the hotel to me, so we arranged to meet in the bar for a drink before heading to the restaurant he'd mentioned.

Back in my room, I had a nice long shower, and then sat out on the balcony to dry off in the still warm sun. As I sat sipping at a cold drink from the mini bar, I thought about Steve and my surprising reaction to him. A shiver went through me as I thought about the gentleness of his touch as he had helped with my bikini, as I wondered if he made love like that!! Perhaps some gentle loving was what I needed, rather than the early night I had so vaguely planned.

I took my time getting ready to go out, brushing my hair until it shone and putting on just the tiniest amount of make up before spraying a little perfume behind my ears and, almost as an after thought, between my breasts.

I pulled out my favourite red bra and knickers set, and pulled them on carefully. The bra was lacy and clung to me, the cups showing off my full breasts. The knickers were cut high on the thigh, the lacy material showing off just enough of my ass and neatly trimmed pussy. I went to the wardrobe and pulled out the one good dress I'd brought with me. I slipped it over my head, and reached behind me to do up the zip.

Standing in front of the mirror, I smoothed the red, silky material down over my flat belly. The dress was strapless, leaving my smooth, tanned shoulders bare for my hair to tumble onto. The neckline was cut low, with a scooped top that gave tantalising glimpses of my plunging cleavage as I leant forward. The dress was cut away at the back, finishing just above the thin strap of my bra. It hugged my ass snugly, and then flared out, the scalloped edge ending half way down my thighs. I slipped on a pair of red stiletto sandals, and then took one last look in the mirror. 

"Looking good," I told myself with a smile and a wink.

The sandals heightened the shape of my legs – and that made all the difference. With another smile, I grabbed my bag and headed back downstairs.

When I arrived, Steve was already waiting, a bottle of Champagne and two glasses in front of him at the bar. He stood up to greet me, holding my arms as he kissed me lightly on both cheeks. 

"You look great," he told me, his hands on my arms making me more aware than ever of his quiet strength.

"You don't look so bad yourself," I told him with a smile, having already looked him up and down, taking in his white silk skirt and black trousers, the jacket draped over the bar stool next to him.

With a quick laugh, he led me by the arm to a quiet table, nodding to the barman to follow with the Champagne and glasses as if it was the most natural thing in the world. We chatted easily over a glass of Champagne, sat side by side on one of the wide couches that were arranged each side of the table. All the time I became more aware of how attracted I was to him, and when his hand brushed against my leg a shockwave shot through me.

We took a taxi to the restaurant. The little place outside of town turned out to be just about the most exclusive restaurant on the island. I let Steve order for me, then sat back to enjoy the food, the atmosphere and the company. I couldn't believe it when the waiter indicated that they were getting ready to close up, the time had just flown by. I excused myself and went to the bathroom while Steve settled the bill. 

Steve didn't say much on the way back to the hotel, but as we walked through reception, my arm looped through his, he stopped and spoke.

"Night cap?" he asked.

I nodded – and he led me in the opposite direction to the bar, down towards the lifts that led to the part of the hotel were he was staying. We both knew where this was leading, but even so there was no rush as we took the lift up a couple of floors, nor as we walked towards his room. As he opened his door, I remembered the lust of the previous few nights, of being in the lift with Tony, in the corridor with Pete, a smile fleetingly crossing my face as I thought back, as I thought how different this might be. 

"Penny for them?" Steve asked.

I smiled at him – if only he knew what I'd been thinking!

His room was much larger than mine, more of a suite really. There was a seating area to one side, with a bottle of Champagne already sat in an ice bucket on the low table. Steve went straight over and poured us each a glass. I watched him as he moved, the muscles of his back rippling against his shirt, his trousers tight across his ass. He stood up and crossed to where I was stood and handed me a glass.

With a smile, we touched glasses in a silent toast, his eyes on mine. We both took a sip of Champagne, but before I could speak he took my glass and put it down on the table with his. Moments later I was in his arms.

He kissed me softly, almost tenderly, our mouths barely touching as his tongue flicked against my lips, his arms around me. I slipped my arms around his neck as he gently pulled me closer, as my breasts pressed against his chest. I opened my mouth slightly as his tongue eased between my lips to search out mine, as our tongues danced against each other.

As our lips parted, he brushed my hair away from my shoulder and kissed me softly on the neck, a shudder going through me as his lips moved along my collar bone, onto my shoulder and then back again. I barely felt his hands moving as we kissed again, moving up along my spine, then slowly downwards as he eased my zip open. His hands caressed me firmly, sliding into the side of my dress, moving up and down my smooth skin. I sighed against his mouth as we kissed, as each gentle caress sent shockwaves rippling through my body.

When our long, lingering kiss finished and we drew breath, he stood back half a step from me and watched as my dress fell away from my body. I stood still, feeling the silk slithering deliciously down my body, his eyes watching everything, his cock bulging as I was gradually uncovered. Even though he'd seen me in nothing but my bikini bottoms, this was different, so very different.

Steve stood and watched, his breathing slightly harsh as my dress drifted down my full breasts, catching briefly against my hard nipples before dropping further. His eyes locked on my breasts and nipples, on my tanned cleavage. My nipples were throbbing, and I knew just how dark and erect they would be through my lacy bra, just how much he would and wouldn't be able to see.

My dress dropped off my full breasts and slithered down further, uncovering my flat tummy before catching on the soft swell of my hips. And then it was gone, sliding down until it was around my feet in a shimmering pool as I stood in just my knickers and bra in front of Steve. I turned around slowly, wanting to show off, knowing that my lacy lingerie would leave him with lingering hints of my pussy and ass, of my breasts and nipples.

We kissed again, his hands sliding sensually up and down my back, before he led us back to the couch. We sank down, turning slightly towards each other. As we kissed again, I started to undo the buttons of his shirt, taking my time, my finger nails scratching lightly over his strong chest as I worked my way downwards.

All the time we kissed his hands were touching me, sending tingles through me as they moved along my legs and down my back, across my belly and around my neck and shoulders. He touched me everywhere - except for where I needed him to, everywhere but my ass or breasts or pussy. I leant over him, wriggling closer and pulled his shirt free of his trousers. Pushing the two sides apart, I flicked my tongue across a taut nipple before leaning over further to suck and nip the other one. 

He moaned softly as I moved across to straddle him, my legs each side of his as I knelt over him. I kissed him again, thrusting my tongue deep into his mouth as I pressed down onto his bulging cock. He felt massive, his hard shaft like a bar against my ass. I just had to see him, feel him, taste him, but before I could move Steve was reaching for me, his fingers tracing my nipples through the lace of my bra. 

I knelt up and leant towards him, pushing my breasts towards his waiting mouth. He kissed the top of each one, before sucking my nipples through my bra. His lips moved slowly back onto the tops of my breasts as he reached behind me to smoothly unclip my bra. I eased away from him, almost holding my breath as he slid my bra straps down my arms.

Now he gasped as my breasts sprung fee, my taut, puckered nipples inches from his face, begging for his attention. I leant forward again, my arms around his neck, both of us moaning as I pressed myself to him, as he drew one nipple, and then the other, into his mouth.

Steve toyed with my nipples, with me. As he moved between them, he used his lips and tongue and mouth to send ripples of pleasure through me, straight from my breasts to my increasingly wet pussy. With a sigh, I leant back, my hands resting on his legs behind me, my breasts thrust towards him. He slid his hands up my sides, holding me, his thumbs gently caressing under side of each breast.

He flicked a nipple with his tongue, and then caught it between his teeth, tugging gently before sucking me again. His hand moved up onto my other breast, his thumb rubbing across my erect nipple, rocking the hard, rubbery flesh from side to side. I felt his other hand sliding across my belly, then down onto my knickers. I felt him searching out my clit through the thin lace, then teasing me as he found it.

Then everything happened together, everything became harder. He sucked harder on my nipple, drawing my breast into his mouth as his tongue lashed across my taut flesh. He pressed harder, his thumb on my other nipple, pinching me. His other hand pressed harder against my clit, pressing the lacy material onto my hard bud, moving in ever faster circles. And his cock became even harder underneath me as I pressed down, as I cried out, as my climax surged through me. 

I leant forward, clinging to him, his face buried in my breasts as I wrapped my arms around his neck, as I pressed down hard on his cock, as I came. His mouth never left my nipples, nor his hands my clit and breasts. I gasped for breath, my mouth close to his ear, as my orgasm ran its course, as his mouth and hands prolonged the wonderful agony of it. In the end, Steve was almost as breathless as I was until I loosened my grip on him. I nibbled his ear lobe when I'd got my breath back, before whispering "your turn" in his ear.

I slithered off his lap, and pushed his knees apart so that I could kneel between them. I leant forward to kiss him, my pebble like nipples scratching across his stomach and chest before his hands caught my breasts and caressed them. I slid my tongue eagerly between his lips, my pussy throbbing as we kissed, as I pressed my naked breasts against his naked chest.

Sliding backwards again, I leant forward to suck his nipples, then to kiss gently down his flat stomach as he eased himself forward until he was half sitting, half lying, on the couch. I looked up, my eyes on his, as I undid his belt and pushed the ends to one side. I pressed the flat of my hand down onto his cock, feeling his heat and strength, his hardness, as he moaned softly. I rubbed him through his trousers, running my finger tips along his thick shaft before reaching for his waistband.

I popped his buttons undone and unzipped his trousers, my eyes never leaving his. I pulled the front of his boxers down, and reached in to free his cock. We both moaned as his cock sprung free – Steve as he felt my hands on him, and me as I felt him throbbing in my hand. I broke our eye contact and looked down for the first time.

His cock was gorgeous – long and hard, the bulbous head dripping with pre cum. I could feel the blood pulsing through the thick vein that ran along his shaft, feeding his erection. I let go of him for a second, and tugged his boxers and trousers down onto his thighs, freeing his balls. He moaned as I held him again, as I leant over and licked him slowly from the root of his cock to the very tip, my tongue flicking away the bead of pre cum.

Steve watched as his cock disappeared into my mouth, my lips tight around him, his moans getting louder as I sucked on him, my head bobbing up and down. As my lips slid along his shaft, I could see the faint smudges of red lipstick I was leaving behind. I sucked him deeper into my mouth, savouring the taste, the feel of him as his body began to tense as waves of pleasure rocked him. I reached down to cup and squeeze his balls, my other hand stroking up and down his cock.

As I felt his cum starting to rise, I stopped sucking and eased his cock out of my mouth, pushing it back against his body. I licked slowly along his cock, and then again, along his cock, onto his balls, and as deep as my probing tongue could reach. I lapped and sucked at his heavy balls, sucking them into my warm mouth.

Steve moaned out loud, and – reaching for my head – pulled me back onto his cock, pushing himself back into my willing mouth. He fucked my wet mouth, his hips bouncing up off the couch as he held my head, his fingers entwined in my hair. I sucked on him, drawing him deeper into me with each thrust of his hips. I felt his balls tighten in my hand as his cum built up inside them, demanding release. I moaned as he fucked me harder, my hand stroking him in time with my sucking, in time with his thrusts.

With a loud cry he came, his cum erupting into my mouth. I held him tight, my lips pressed around his cock, sucking all his cum from him. I reached for his balls again, squeezing them as if to force more cum out of him. When as last his cock had stopped jerking, stopped pumping his cum into my mouth, I looked up at him and swallowed, a wicked smile crossing my face.

I leant forward, sliding up Steve's body to kiss him again, my naked breasts against his chest, his cock against my belly. I slid my tongue into his mouth, kissing him hard and deeply as we shared the taste, the feel, of his cum. He wrapped his arms around me, his hands sliding inside my knickers to caress my ass, his fingers slipping into the cleft between my firm cheeks.
