 After the New Year's Eve party, Pam and I became a regular couple. Fortunately, Kathy kept her mouth shut about sneaking in and having her fun with me. Doris was also keeping her distance, but still let it be known, in not-so-subtle ways, that she wanted a shot with me, too.

Unfortunately, we didn't get to see each other as much as we wanted. Between our work and school schedules, and the fact that her father wasn't too crazy about her dating "A fucking Mick," our times together were much too infrequent, but we did make the most of what time we did have with each other.

Soon, it was time for our annual Memorial Day picnic, an event that my football and softball team threw every year to bring in summer, which we held in a forest preserve just outside of the city.

Memorial Day around Chicago is a big holiday, especially after a long, cold, snowy winter! We were all looking forward to getting outside and celebrating for the first time that year. 

Pam told me that she was driving and taking Janice, Kathy and Kim, and would meet me there. For some reason, whenever I tried to talk about the picnic, she giggled and wouldn't tell me anything else.

The day of the picnic was unseasonably hot, already reaching the mid 80's by midmorning.

Marc, Gary and I were the first ones there and started setting everything up. Just as I returned from an ice run, Pam pulled up.

I was still walking from the parking area with an armload of ice bags, and had my back to the cars. I saw Marc and Gary both stop and stare behind me, and I heard Gary say, "Holy shit!"

I quickly turned my head as I was walking to the pavilion with the ice, and I almost tripped over my own feet.

"Sweet mother of God!" I said softly. The girls were all walking toward us, and Pam, Janice, and Kathy were wearing nylon short shorts (you had to love some of the 80's fashions!) and bikini tops. 

While Kathy was almost too heavy to pull off that look, almost falling out of her top, Pam and Janice were simply stunning. Pam topped off her look with her long, black hair tied back in a ponytail, which was swaying as she walked. 

I stood there slack-jawed, watching the girls, as they continued walking toward me.

Just as they reached me, Pam walked up to me and kissed me.

"Hi sweetie," she said, pressing up against me. 

"You might want to close your mouth. You could have something fly in there that you don't want," she whispered, teasing me.

"Uh huh," I replied, turning and watching her as they continued to the pavilion. 

As the girls walked up, Carl, Karen, and Doris showed up with all of the beer. Carl had a big smile on his face, probably from the view that he had walking behind the girls, Karen had a smaller smile, and was showing off her big tits, and Doris had a seething look to her, knowing that she was being upstaged.

The girls helped us set everything up, and soon we were all popping open the first drinks of the day, toasting the start of Summer.

By the time we were done with our drinks, at least half of the people that we were expecting were there. Frisbees were soon flying, we started walking out a softball field, the grills were set up and ready to go, and drinks were flowing.

As beautiful as Pam was, I was having a hard time not looking at all of the other women there. I would have been surprised if more than three of them were wearing bras. Karen, easily a D-cup, and a couple of others were wearing halter tops, with Doris and most of the others were in tank tops. Boobs were bouncing, nipples were pointing, and all us men were enjoying!

As I walked back to the pavilion to get another beer, Pam came up to me and hooked her arm in mine.

"C'mon. Let's go for a nature walk," she told me, leading me away from everyone else.

I dutifully followed her down a trail, and soon we were hidden away from everyone else. The trail wasn't wide enough for us to walk side-by-side, so I followed her, watching her firm little ass every step of the way.

About a hundred yards or so in, the trail split. Pam didn't hesitate, taking the trail to the right, which went alongside the river. At that point, the trail widened quite a bit, and Pam walked next to me, holding my hand.

Soon, Pam led me to a fallen tree at the riverbank, and turned me so that I was leaning against it. We were mostly hidden by standing trees and bushes, and she pressed her body up against mine.

She then leaned in and kissed me, holding my head with one hand and grabbing my ass with the other. 

The intensity of her kiss surprised me at first. Pam was definitely getting more aggressive in her passion.

"Oh God, I missed you!" she whispered as our lips separated.

"I missed you, too, baby!" I replied, squeezing her ass.

We kissed again as I slid one hand up her back, and the other across her ass.

"Oh my god!" she moaned softly, laying her head on my shoulder. "I am so damn horny!"

"Oh, me too!" I told her, pulling her in tighter. "I think we need to do something about our condition!"

"Mmmm! Yes, we do!" she moaned as she felt my cock pressing against her belly, and slid her hand between our bodies.

"Ooooh!" she whispered as she wrapped her fingers around my bulge. "Someone's happy to see me!"

"He'd be even happier if he COULD see you!" I told her.

"Oh, yeah?" she replied. "You think so?"

She leaned in again and gave me another passionate kiss, wiggling her lower body around, and then started kissing my neck. Keeping herself pressed against my body, she then slowly slid her body down mine. 

I looked down at her as she knelt in front of me, and I saw her feet sticking out from under her ass, clad in only ankle socks. As I looked straight down at her, I saw that she was kneeling on her running shoes.

She looked up at me as she pulled the front of my shorts down. 

"I wasn't going to kneel in this mud," she giggled, as she wrapped her fingers around my stiff shaft. 

"Smart girl," I laughed.

I watched as she looked at my hard cock, her hand slowly stroking it. I heard her moan softly, and then I felt her wrap her lips around the head, her tongue flicking across the tip.

"Oh my god!" I moaned, feeling her lips start to slide down the length of my rod.

I felt her hands slide around to my ass, and I watched her ponytail bouncing as her head bobbed back and forth.

"Ohh yesss!" I moaned, feeling her lips tighten a little more and her tongue sliding on the bottom of my shaft.

I leaned back on the fallen tree, putting my head back, as Pam continued to suck and lick my cock, her hands holding tight to my ass.

It wasn't long before she slowed down, and I felt her lips slide even further down my shaft, until I felt the head pressing against the back of her throat.

"Oh damn!" I gasped, bringing my head back down to look at her.

As I opened my eyes, I saw a quick flash of movement behind a tree not far from Pam.

I closed my eyes, leaving them cracked open, and watched the tree. Soon, I saw the top of Kathy's head peeking back around it.

"Oh, shit, baby!" I moaned loudly, hoping Kathy would hear me. "That feels so good!"

"MmmMmmm!" she moaned, bobbing her head faster, slowing only to take me deep every few seconds. 

It looked like Kathy slid one of her hands in between her legs as she watched us, and I moaned loudly again.

Pam took my moaning as encouragement, and she started sucking me harder and faster, moaning with me as she did.

"Oh, baby," I gasped, "you keep that up, you're gonna make me cum!"

"MmmHmmm!" she moaned in reply.

A couple of minutes later, I felt my balls start to contract.

"Oh, shit! I'm gonna cum!" I moaned loudly.

"MMmmmmm!" was Pam's response, as she started taking me slow and deep. 

With my eyes still cracked open, I looked over at Kathy, and I could see her arm moving faster between her legs.

Just as I reached down to hold her head, she suddenly pulled back, releasing my cock to the warm air.

"Oh, shit, baby," I gasped. "I'm gonna cum!"

"Nope," she said, giggling at me. "Not yet you're not."

"Huh?" I responded, leaning back against the tree. "What are you doing?" 

"You're just going to have to wait," she said, smiling at me as she stood.

"Baby, you're killing me! You can't just stop like that! I was so close!"

"Aww. Poor baby!" she teased. "You're just going to have to store it all up for later." 

"Oh my god," I moaned, as Pam leaned in and gave my shaft one last kiss. "You can't do that to me!"

"Sure I can," she replied. "You'll survive."

"You might want to put that away, before we walk back," she told me, looking down at my hard pole.

I quickly looked over to where Kathy was as I leaned down to pull up my shorts, and saw that she was gone.

"You know, you're going to pay for this," I told her.

"Is that a threat or a promise?"

"Both."

"Ooohh! I like that!" she said, taking my hand and walking back toward the picnic.

"So, did you like that?" she asked.

"Oh yeah!" I replied. "All except for the end!"

"Good! I'm glad!" she said as she pulled my shorts back up and then stood.

"And, don't worry about the end. That just means that you'll have more for me when it's time."

"I hope I can wait that long!" I sighed.

"Did you notice?" she asked, kissing me softly on my lips just before we walked out of the woods. "I took you almost all the way down, and I didn't even use my hands the whole time!"

"I noticed!" I replied, swatting her firm little ass. "That was amazing!"

"Good!" she said, squealing and stepping in to hug me. "Kathy taught me how to do that."

"Kathy taught you that?" I asked.

"Yep. She's the one who told me about that spot, too," she said. 

"I don't want to know how she knew about that place," I laughed.

"I know!" Pam replied, giggling. "But, sometimes it's good to have a friend who's a total slut!"

"I guess so!"

Walking back toward the pavilion, I noticed that Kathy was there, and she smirked at me as I went to the coolers for a couple of beers.

Over the next couple of hours, the rest of the people showed up, and the picnic was going full steam. 

Shortly after noon, we fired up the grills, and we soon had burgers, hot dogs, chicken, and sausages cooked up and piled high on the tables. Pam made a show of eating her sausage, teasing me even further, with Kathy behind her, smirking and doing much the same.

About mid-afternoon, after all food was settled and more beer consumed, we picked sides for a softball game.

After the first couple of innings, no one really cared about the score, as most of us guys considered ourselves as winners just being able to watch the girls run around. With all of the bouncing tits and swaying asses, we could've played boys against the girls, and they would've won easily!

Kathy, of course, just 'happened' to fall out of her top as she was running the bases, her big tits flopping around, and after the ball hit Gary in the head because he was watching her instead of the ball, the game got even wilder, with the girls getting more risque'.

Eventually, though, the party started winding down and people started going home. Marc, Janice, Kathy, Gary, Pam and I all decided to go back to the girls' neighborhood, where we knew that there would be another party going on at Janice's house.

When we got to Janice's house, the neighborhood party was in full swing, extending beyond the backyard onto the front lawn and the back alley. 

As I was talking to Janice's father in the front of the house, Pam went next door to her house for a minute. When she came back, she pulled me aside.

"My dad is out cold, drunk," she whispered in my ear, slurring her words. "I'm going in. In a couple of minutes, sneak over and come into my basement through the back door."

"Are you sure?" I asked. The last thing that I wanted at that point was for her father to catch us doing something we shouldn't be doing, and to have another reason to hate me.

"Trust me," Pam replied. "He started drinking early, and passed out about an hour ago. He won't wake up until some time tomorrow afternoon. We'll have the basement to ourselves."

"Ok," I told her.

A couple of minutes later, Pam announced that she was going to go home to shower, and would be back later. I gave her a kiss and watched her walk away.

When I turned back to Janice's father, he winked at me. 

"Nice catch," he said, smiling.

"Sir?" I asked, trying to play dumb.

"Don't play stupid with me, kid," he laughed. "I know about you two."

I didn't know how to respond, so I kept my mouth shut and smiled.

"Her father's not too fond of you, but he's never liked any boy who's liked Pam," he continued.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Pam's basement light go on. Knowing that was a good sign that I should go over there, I said that I was going in back to get a beer.

As I was standing at the beer cooler, looking for a quick way into Pam's yard, Janice's dad came walking up behind me.

"The good news for you is, her dad's out cold, and sleeps like a dead bear," he told me.

"Umm, ok," I replied, taking a drink of my beer.

"If you're looking to sneak over there, your best bet is to just go over the fence," he said, winking at me. "I'll get everyone out in front, and you hop over and go down the basement stairs."

"Umm, thanks," I replied, wondering why he was telling me all of this.

"So, give me a minute, and then go hop this fence and make like the horny young kids that you are!"

With that, he started walking out front with the beer cooler, announcing that the party was moving to the street. Sure enough, everyone else started to follow him, and the beer, and I was soon left alone in the yard.

I quickly looked around and saw that no one was paying any attention to me, so I hoped the short fence dividing the yards, and went to the back basement door.

As I walked down the steps, I noticed that the door was open, so I quietly walked in.

The very back of the basement was the laundry room, and I kept going toward the closed door, where I could see light from underneath.

Like many Chicago basements, a part of the basement was finished and used as a family/rec room. As soon as I walked in, I saw Pam in front of me, leaning against a pool table. 

"It's about time," she said, as I closed the door behind me. "I was starting to think you weren't going to come."

"I couldn't help it," I told her. "Janice's dad started talking to me."

"Oh boy," she replied, laughing. "Well, my father's upstairs, passed out in bed, and my sister's out with her friends, so we have the house to ourselves for a few hours. Let's go shower."

Pam then took my hand and led me to the bathroom in the basement. As soon as we walked in, she turned on the water in the shower.

"C'mon," she whispered, "let's get each other all squeaky clean, before we get all sweaty again."

"That sounds good to me!" I told her, pulling my shirt over my head. I then stood there as I watched Pam start undressing.

"Well, are you going to take the rest of your clothes off, or are you just going to watch me?" she asked, as she pulled her pony-tail out and shook her hair free.

"Can't I do both?" I asked, grinning.

"You could," she answered, stepping into the shower, "but I think it would be much more fun, for both of us, if you joined me."

Never one to argue with sound logic from a very beautiful, and very naked, woman standing in front of me, I quickly pulled of my shorts and drawers, and stepped in to join her.

We spent the next few minutes soaping each other up and rinsing each other off, both of us paying special attention to the other's lower regions. 

Pam paid special attention to making sure that my hard cock was nice and clean, and then she moaned and sighed when I turned her around and slid a soapy washrag between her ass cheeks, pressing against her back hole.

I dropped the soapy rag to the shower floor and stepped forward, sliding my hard pole between her legs as I reached around her squeezed her small tits.

"Oh shiiiit!" she moaned, arching her ass back toward me when she felt my slide my head around, trying to place it at the opening to her pussy. 

"No," she gasped suddenly, turning around. "Not in here."

She quickly turned off the water, and then reached out of the shower and pulled in two towels.

After we dried each other off, she grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the shower stall, leading me back into the main room.

Turning towards me, she kissed me passionately, and then started walking backwards until her legs pressed up against the pool table, pulling me with her.

"I've always wanted to have you fuck me on my dad's pool table," she whispered as she pulled me in and kissed me.

I could tell that the shower did little to sober her up, and wondered if she would have been that bold if she wasn't drunk.

I felt her legs wrap around me as our tongues danced together and my hands slid down to her firm little ass.

I felt her heels pressing on my ass, pulling me in closer, and I had to shift my hips to free my shaft from being squeezed against the side of the pool table.

As I moved forward, I felt the head of my cock press up against Pam's moist slit, and she wiggled her hips and slid forward, placing the head at the wet opening to her pussy.

"Wait," I started to say, wanting to lay her back and eat her pussy first.

"No!" she replied quickly, pressing harder with her heels and sliding my rod into her wetness.

"Just fuck me," she moaned as I pressed forward.

Holding tight to her ass cheeks, I started sliding my shaft in and out of her pussy.

"Mmmmmm!" she moaned, holding me tight. "I need this so bad!"

I could feel her hard nipples pressing into my chest as I thrust my cock in and out of her tight, wet depths.

After a couple of minutes, I leaned back, separating our bodies, and placed a hand on her chest, between her tits.

I slowly leaned her back, until she was laying on the pool table. Her legs came up a bit as she lay back, and I lifted them higher, hooking her knees over my elbows.

Pam reached down and grabbed the edge of the table, holding it tight, as I started fucking her again.

I began moving my hips again, pushing harder as Pam pulled herself toward me, meeting each thrust.

I reached out and hooked my fingers under the bumpers, using it for leverage as I pushed. I could feel the difference that angle made, with my shaft rubbing against the top of her tight pussy as I moved.

"Oh yeah!" she gasped a few seconds later. "That's good! Just like that!"

Pam soon started pulling harder, so I started pushing harder. Soon, I was slamming into her, the sounds of our bodies slapping against each other filling the air, and her small tits shaking on her chest.

"Oh god yeah! Fuck me!" she moaned loudly, her eyes popping wide open. "I don't know what you're hitting, but I like it!"

I could feel the head of my cock hitting and rubbing against something a little different, too, and was happy that it was even better for her. 

As wound up as she had me earlier, I was surprised that I hadn't blown already as I continued to fuck her, now concentrating on whatever I was hitting inside her.

I soon slowed down and started to take longer, slower strokes in and out of her pussy.

"No!" she whined, apparently not too happy with this course of action. 

She wiggled her hips and ass around, and slid her legs back down to my waist, bouncing her heels off of my ass again, until I was hitting the magic spot again.

"Right there!" she gasped. "Right there!"

I continued taking slow strokes, pressing up against her spot, and reached down to pinch her nipples.

"Oh yeah! That's soooo goooood!" she moaned, bucking her hips up at me. "Fuck me, baby! I'm almost there!"

I started slamming my hips against her ass fucking her harder and faster. I put my hands back down and grabbed the bumpers, and Pam reached her hands up to grab my arms. 
