 After re-connecting with some old friends over the past year and celebrating the holidays with a few of them, we began to reminisce about some of our adventures during the seasons past. I then decided to write some of mine down and share them with you. I hope that you enjoy reading about them almost as much as I did living them...and remembering them. These stories are all true...or at least, to the best of my memory.

*

I was eighteen when I had the first holiday season that I can tell you about, legally at least. My friends and I decided that year to throw a New Year's Eve party. 

My friend's girlfriend had a brother who was going to be out of town with his girlfriend for the holidays, so she talked him into letting us use his house for the party. We also bribed him into getting us all of the booze we needed.

The house was in the suburbs, just outside of the city, and bordered a forest preserve on the backside. A large tri-level, with three bedrooms and a heated "Florida room," with the windows sealed up for the season, it fit our needs perfectly.

We decided to make this a more adult party, as most of us had just graduated high school and were trying to at least seem more mature, so we all decided to dress up for the occasion. Being the late 70's, that meant mostly leisure suits or three-piece suits for us guys, and things like wrap-around skirts and dresses, mini and maxi skirts and dresses, and sequined disco clothing for the women.

As luck would have it, my girlfriend, Barbara, decided to tell me three days before the party that she was breaking up with me. She had met someone at college, and felt that she had "a real future" with him. 

Needless to say, I was not in much of a mood for a party after that, but being that I was one of the "hosts," I didn't have much of a choice but to attend.

The day of the party, the weather guessers were predicting a potentially heavy snowstorm that night, so my mood was even darker by the time I got to the house.

My friends Marc and Carl, along with their girlfriends and myself, were there early to get the house ready. Marc and I were on the football and wrestling teams together in High School, Carl lived upstairs from Marc as kids, and we all continued to play in park district football and softball leagues together. 

Marc's girlfriend, Janice, kept trying to cheer me up while we were getting the house ready, but wasn't really having a lot of success. The fact that I was the only one there at that point without a girlfriend didn't help matters.

Finally, around five o'clock, we had all of the decorating done, the bar was set up, and we started drawing straws to set out the shower schedule before the party started.

The other girl there, Karen, who was Carl's fiancé, was the first in the shower, so the rest of us smoked a joint while we waited our turns. At one point, Janice got up to make a phone call, and came back smiling.

"Well, I don't know if this will cheer you up," she told me, "but my friend Pam is definitely coming tonight, along with Kathy and a couple of other girls from my neighborhood."

"Pam?" I asked. "The skinny brunette?"

Pam caught my eye the first time I met her, at a party Janice's father threw on the last 4th of July. She was definitely, as we said back then, a fox, with classic Italian beauty.

"That's the one," she replied. "And she thinks you're cute, too."

"Ok," I said, thinking things just might not be so bad after all.

"Yeah, and if things don't work with Pam, you can always go for Kathy," Marc added. "That chick's a slut, and will fuck just about anyone."

"Marc!" Janice yelled. "That's not nice!"

"I don't care," he replied. "It's the truth."

"It is the truth," Janice said to me. "She will screw just about anyone."

"She kinda scares me," I said. "I don't know why, but she does."

"Well, don't worry about her," she told me, as Karen came into the room, finished with her shower. "You just concentrate on Pam."

Janice then took her turn in the shower, and Marc, Carl, and I stayed in the room and tapped the keg.

"I don't blame you," Carl said to me, as the three of us drew the first beers of the night. "That chick Kathy kinda scares me, too."

"That makes three of us," Marc added, as we laughed. "That chick's just a little too wild!"

I was the last to shower, and as I was getting dressed, people started showing up. When I walked out into the main room, there were about eight others there already.

As soon as she saw me, Karen walked up and hooked her arm in mine. "I just thought you might want to know," she told me, leading me away, "my sister's going to be here."

"Doris?" I asked. "I don't want to sound mean, but why would I need to know that?"

"Well, I just thought you'd be interested," Karen said. "You know she's always thought you were cute."

"She's also only sixteen," I said. "She's too young for me."

"You never know," Karen countered. "You're good looking, she's cute, I think you two would make a nice couple."

"And besides," she leaned in and whispered, "you can't tell me that you haven't noticed her tits."

"No, I can't deny that," I said, thinking about her sister. She did have a nice rack, and a cute little ass, too, but she was too young for anything I had in mind.

Karen left me and went looking for Carl, and I walked over to the keg for another beer.

"This is just fucking great," I thought to myself. "I've got Janice trying to set me up, even offering up the neighborhood slut, and now Karen's trying to get me together with her underage sister! How much of a loser am I?" 

The party soon started getting more crowded, and I actually did start to enjoy myself, after smoking another joint and talking to everyone. I even started bartending for a while. 

I had lost track of time and was just walking out from behind the bar after another friend took over the duties when Janice walked up with three other girls. My eyes immediately went to the petite, thin brunette.

"Kurt, you remember Kathy, Kim, and Pam, from my neighborhood," she said.

"Yes, I do," I said, looking over the girls. 

Kathy, with her long dyed-blonde hair, was dressed in a plunging, shimmering V-neck sweater that showed off her chest, a pair of skin-tight stretch pants that she was packed into, and heels. She did look attractive, in a bit of a slutty kind of way.

Kim, who had shoulder-length black hair, was the shortest of the three and Pam's cousin. She was also the heaviest, and in a pant-suit that really did nothing for her body. But then again, I was never attracted to her, anyway, so my opinion may be a bit biased.

Pam, however, was in a wrap-around dress that clung to her body. The way that she wore it, she had a slit on one side from above her knee to just below her ass, and a very sexy pair of heels.

Her hair was long and dark, flowing over her shoulders, and she was, in my opinion, easily the most beautiful girl there. Just about every guy there, single or not, looked at her.

"Hello ladies," I said, focusing on Pam. "Can I get any of you a drink?"

I led them in the direction of the bar, and they all headed over there, as Janice pulled me aside.

"All three of them were asking about you," she told me as I watched Pam's ass sway in her dress.

"Kathy said that she'd make you forget all about Barbara, at least for the night, and Pam was very excited that you were here alone. Even Kim asked about you. You've got your choice tonight!"

"Thanks," I said, and walked over to the bar where I got the girls set up with their drinks.

Over the next couple of hours, I talked to just about everyone there, trying to stay close to Pam and talk to her the most, but Kathy and Kim were with her almost the entire time. 

Karen's sister Doris also showed up, looking very cute in a V-neck sweater and mini-skirt, but trying a little too hard to appear older than she was.

After a while, I decided that I needed a little time alone, and I quietly slipped away from the party. 

I snuck down to the Florida room. I had a very good buzz going from the beers and shots that I had consumed, and just wanted a little fresh air, so I walked to the outside door and opened it a bit.

"Wow! It's really snowing hard!" I heard from behind me.

When I turned, I saw Pam standing there, smiling.

"Yeah, it is," I replied. She took a few more steps and joined me in the doorway. 

It looked like the weather guessers were right, for once. We were getting hit with a pretty big storm that night.

"Do you mind if I join you out here?" she asked, slipping in next to me.

"No," I replied, feeling her body next to mine. "Not at all."

We stood in the doorway for a little while, looking out at the trees at the back of the yard that formed the edge of the forest preserve.

"It's beautiful," Pam said.

"It is," I agreed, looking at both the snow-covered yard and Pam.

She must have felt me looking at her, because she turned her head up and looked back at me. She smiled at me, and then said, "But it's a little chilly, though."

"I'm sorry," I told her, and closed the door. I took off my suit coat and wrapped it around her shoulders as I led her towards a seating area and sat her in a wicker love seat.

I went and turned on the heat in the room before I sat next to her and put my arm around her shoulder to warm her up.

"I heard about what your girlfriend did to you," she said quietly, leaning into me. "She's a bitch!"

"Thanks," I said. "I wasn't too happy."

"I mean it," she continued. "I always thought she was a bitch, and to do that to a nice guy like you? That just proves it. She's a bitch!"

"Do you mind if I smoke a bowl?" I asked her as I sat back down, wanting to change the subject, and knowing that she didn't smoke pot.

"No, not at all," she replied. 

I had my bowl with me all the time back then, just in case I wanted a couple of hits, so I slid my arm down the side of her body and slipped it into my suit coat pocket, where I kept it.

"Can I try some?" Pam asked as I lit up.

"Really?" I asked, surprised. "I thought you didn't smoke."

"I don't, usually. But what the hell?" she said. "It's New Year's Eve, and it doesn't look like any of us will be leaving tonight, the way it's snowing."

"You're probably right," I said, handing her the lit bowl.

"Beside," she said, just as she took a hit, "I feel really safe with you."

I didn't know what to say to that, so I wisely kept my mouth shut as we finished off the bowl.

As I went to put the empty bowl back in my pocket, Pam looked up at me.

"Do you want your coat back?" she asked.

"No," I told her. "You keep it on and stay warm."

"See what I mean?' she asked, smiling at me. "You're too nice of a guy for a bitch like her."

I laughed softly as she slid in as close as she could get to me. 

"What time is it?' she asked.

"It's only 10:00," I told her.

"Good," she said. "We've still got plenty of time before midnight."

"Yes, we do," I responded, sitting back and enjoying the feel of her body next to mine.

"Can I be the first one to give you a Happy New Years kiss?" she asked, turning towards me.

"Sure," I replied. "I would like that."

"I meant now," she said, putting her hands up and holding my face.

We leaned in and kissed as I wrapped my arms around her, and she whimpered softly. 

I held her tightly as she opened her mouth and our tongues began to dance. I could taste the mixture of the pot and the Rum and Cokes that she'd been drinking, and smell her enticing perfume.

She began to shift her body, turning towards me. I felt my jacket slide off of her shoulders and land on the seat next to me.

Still holding my face in her hands, Pam turned a little more and rose slightly from her seat. Without removing her lips from mine, she straddled my legs and slowly lowered herself onto my lap.

Her dress, however, was so snug to her hips that she had a difficult time getting close enough to me, so she pulled it up to the tops of her legs and slid forward.

As she leaned in and kissed me more passionately, I slid my hands down her back to her ass. 

Cupping her firm cheeks, I pulled her in tighter, until she was almost pressed up against the bulge in my pants.

Eventually, our lips separated as we caught our breath, and I looked down the length of her body.

"This is still to tight," she said, standing up. I watched as Pam, looking me in the eyes, slowly untied her dress and let it fall open.

"Oh, damn!" I whispered, as I looked at Pam's body. 

Under her dress, she was wearing a lacy black bra and a pair of pantyhose, with no panties. I could see a tuft of dark hair between her legs, matted with moisture.

"Do I look ok?" she asked, stepping back towards me.

"Yes!" I managed to mutter. "You look beautiful!"

"Thank you," she replied, sitting back down on my lap.

We began kissing again, this time with my hands sliding up the front of her body. I could feel her hard nipples pressing against the thin lace of her bra as I cupped her tits, and she moaned softly into my mouth.

"I'm sorry they're not bigger," she whispered, as she stopped kissing me.

"Why?" I asked, softly squeezing her firm tits.

"I know that guys like big ones," she said, looking at me. "I just wish that mine were bigger, kind of like Kathy's."

"I don't," I told her, reaching my hand around her back to unsnap her bra. "I like your body, just the way it is."

She smiled at me as she felt my hands slide across her back. Reaching up to her chest, she opened her bra, letting it fall open. 

"Really?" she asked, as the cool air hit her small, firm tits.

"Really," I told her, sliding my thumbs across her stiff nipples. 

"Are you warming up?" I asked, as my thumbs slid across her stiff nipples.

Moaning, Pam leaned forward and crushed her lips against mine, sliding her hips forward at the same time.

We kissed hard and passionately for a couple of minutes. I reached my hands down and cupped her firm ass as I slid my lips from hers and slowly kissed my way down her throat to her chest.

She moaned softly and pulled my head in tight as I flicked my tongue across her hard nipple.

I moved my head to her other breast and she moaned again, arching her back and pulling my head even tighter.

She then leaned back, taking my face in her hands again and pointed it up to hers.

"I want to make love to you," she told me, "but I'm afraid. I've only been with one other boy, once, and he got me drunk first."

"I'm not going to force you," I told her. "You've been drinking tonight, too, and smoking pot. If you want to wait, then we'll wait."

"No," she replied. "I don't want to wait. I want you. Now!"

With that, Pam stood and slowly began to slide her pantyhose down her short, but firm legs.

When they were around her ankles, she leaned over and put one hand on my shoulder, stepped out of her heels and slid the pantyhose off, tossing them on the seat next to my jacket.

"Damn!" she said. "This floor is cold!" 

Giggling, she slipped her feet back into her heels and then stepped back towards me.

"Can I see it?" she asked, looking down at my crotch.

"Of course," I told her.

Without another word, she reached over and took my jacket from the seat, folded it up, and placed it on the floor between my feet.

I watched as she then knelt on my jacket and reached her hands up to my pants. I moaned softly as she slowly slid her hand across my bulge and sighed.

"You're so hard," she said softly. "It feels so big."

I remained silent as she slid her hands up and unbuckled my belt, and then opened my pants. I moaned again, louder, as she slipped her hand into my pants and wrapped her fingers around my stiff cock, still covered by my boxers.

She moved her hand slowly around my shaft, going from the base all the way up to the head as I sat back and smiled at her.

We both moaned at the same time as she tried to wrap her fingers around my thick pole and stroke me.

She then slid her hands up to my waistband and began to pull my boxers and pants down. I reached down and held her wrists and stood up.

Smiling at me, she leaned back and pulled everything down to my ankles, jumping back as my hard cock sprung free.

"Oh my god!" she gasped, as the head of my pole just missed her nose. Before I could sit back down, she wrapped her hand around me and sighed.

"I can't even get my fingers all the way around it!" she said softly. 

She kept her fingers around my shaft, and her eyes glued to it, as I sat back down.

She began slowly stroking me as her breathing got heavier and she leaned in.

"I'm not very good at this, but I want to do this for you," she told me, as she kissed the head of my hard cock.

I watched as she stuck her tongue out and slid it around the rim of my cock head while she slowly stroked the shaft. 

Bending down further, she dragged her tongue down to my balls and flicked it around, holding my shaft back against my stomach, and then brought her tongue up along the underside.

When she reached the head again, she looked up at me and wrapped her lips around it. As we kept our eyes locked on each other, she slowly lowered her head, taking my cock in her mouth and applying suction as her fingers remained wrapped around the base.

"Oohhh yesss!" I moaned, feeling her full lips tighten around my shaft. She began to slowly raise her head again, keeping her lips tight as she slid them back up and softly stroked me.

When she reached the tip, she started bobbing her head up and down, timing her hand with her lips and getting a little lower each time.

After a couple of minutes, she lowered her head as far as she could, and I felt the back of her throat pressing up against the tip of my cock.

She gagged slightly and pulled her head back, leaving a trail of saliva on my shaft.

"Oh, damn!" I moaned, as my cock popped from between her lips.

"Did you like that?" she asked, catching her breath as she continued to stroke me.

"Oh yeah!" I replied. "That felt great!"

"It felt good to me, too," she told me softly. "I like the way you feel in my mouth. So hard, and hot..."

"You kind of stretch my jaw a lot, too," she said, staring at my pole as her hand still stroked it.

"Is that bad?" I asked her.

"No," she responded, smiling as she put the head back at her lips. "Not at all."

She then lowered her face again, taking my rod in deep. She took me in as deep as before, and didn't gag this time, instead sucking gently on it. 

We both moaned together as she kept her head still for a second, and then she moved her head back up. 

"Oh my god," I moaned as she slid her lips back. 

She continued to suck my cock for a couple of minutes before she let it pop from her mouth and leaned back.

She slowly stroked my cock for a few seconds, and I stood up. 

I took a hold of her wrists and pulled her up. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her passionately, and then turned her around.

"What's wrong?" she asked as we pulled apart. "Didn't you like it?"

"I loved it," I told her. "Now it's your turn."

I gently pushed her back until she was sitting, and then I knelt between her legs, placing them over my shoulders.

Pam placed her hands on my shoulders, stopping me. "You don't have to do that," she said. "I know guys don't really like to do that."

"I WANT to do this," I told her, as I lifted on leg and kissed the back of her knee. "Maybe the guy you were with didn't like it, but I do."

"Beside, it would be rather selfish of me to have you do what you just did to me, and not return the pleasure."

Pam moaned softly as I kissed the inner thighs of both of her firm, smooth legs, moving towards her pussy. I could already see her moisture coating her lips and dark, thick hair and smell a faint hint of her musk.
