 Virginia Harrington's Story

Virginia Harrington sat at the small table in the interrogation room. The officer that had arrested her was waiting for an answer from her as to why she had shot and killed a man.

"I shot Jack Fairview because he came for my baby..."

"No Ma'am you didn't..." The officers voice faded away as Virginia's thoughts were drawn to the past.

'Virginia stood in the mirror. She turned from side to side looking for flaws in her appearance. There were none. 

Her white gown was perfect. Mother had it made exclusively for her Presentation Ball. The Cotillion was the most anticipated event of the debutante season! Everyone wanted to wear the most beautiful gown. Virginia already knew her gown would be the best.  

Virginia put on her white gloves. Her single string of fresh water pearls gleamed at her neck. She examined her face. Her huge emerald green eyes were framed with thick long lashes. They sparkled like gems. Her short curly hair was just long enough to kiss her neck. Full red lips and a pert little nose. Delicate pink cheeks made her look healthy and young. 

She had a stunning figure. Medium sized high breasts, a tiny waist and lovely rounded hips. Her short stature seemed more sultry than cute. At 5'4 she was the shortest Deb this season but she was also the most beautiful. 

The entire Debutante season ran from May through December and culminated in each Debutante being presented to society. It was an exciting time because the celebration also signified that a debutante was ready for courtship and marriage.

That was Virginia's ultimate goal. Richard Harrington. Wealthy, kind and handsome. A real southern gentleman. Every Debutante was after either him or Matthew Larrimore, the two most eligible men around. 

Virginia's mother, Elizabeth Dunham, was a Georgia peach. She wanted her daughter introduced to Georgia society as well as within the Louisiana circuit where her father, Peter Dunham, was born and raised. This meant that she had needed two of everything. This dress by far outshined her last one!

The Christmas Cotillion in Savannah Georgia was the oldest Debutante Ball in the United States. It had been held since 1817. This year it was being held on December 26th. 

Virginia had attended as a honorary Deb in the past. It was there that she had gained an introduction to Richard Harrington, Carl Grantham, and the stunning Morgana DuCain.

Richard was from Louisiana like her. He lived in southern Louisiana near the bayou and she was from south central. That was why they had never met. 

He had gone to the Georgia Deb Ball as an escort for his friend, Carl Grantham's, little sister. He was 6' feet tall, muscular without being large, and graceful. He had very light blond hair. His eyes were a thrilling grey. Virginia was smitten. 

At first she was stand offish with the lovely Morgana. Her beauty rivalled Virginia's with her stunning straight black hair and her huge black eyes, thickly lashed. She was tall with large breasts, long legs and round hips. But it soon became apparent that Morgana was in love with Carl. It wasn't long before they became fast friends.

Her own Southern Cotillion was being held tonight in New Orleans, Louisiana during the Carnival season. Her family had travelled there the day before and were staying at a hotel near the venue. The ball was turning out as everything it promised to be. 

The ballroom was a massive estate room. Huge chandeliers hung from the high ceiling, their bright glow diminished by the sheer size of the room. Smaller wall sconces spaced out so many feet on the walls helped brighten the room considerably and yet the room's over all lighting was subdued. 

Virginia peeked out through the heavy red curtains. The guests lined the walls waiting for the Debs to appear. Daniel Du Fremont, her escort, was her brothers best friend. He was a nice enough guy from a eligible family. He was boring. Virginia knew he was crushing on her and that her parents approved a match between them. She couldn't wait to ditch him. 

Daniel hovered over her shoulder looking over Louisiana's elite. "Ready?" he asked. She slid her arm in his and took her place in the short line. It was time. 

With the formalities over, the couples swirled around the dance floor. As Daniel led her around the ball room Virginia scanned the crowd. No Richard. Her spirits were just starting to plummet when she saw him slip into the room. He was with a boy as tall as him but as dark as he was light. Virginia recognized him instantly. Carl Grantham. 

Carl was slightly taller than Richard. He had jet black hair and stormy silver eyes. He was a similar build to Richard but carried a slightly bigger frame. He was good looking too. Virginia wasn't interested in Carl though he was a real fine gentleman. 

The set over, she was delivered to a group of her friends. They were all chattering excitedly. The talk was all of Richard and Carl. That irritated her. She didn't like competition and normally did what she could to eliminate it but she knew in this case there was nothing she could do but grin and bear it. 

The small groups sudden hush caught Virginia's attention. She looked up as Richard approached her. 

"Virginia. It's nice to see you. You look lovely."

Virginia was thrilled! He had sought her out! She knew she was the envy of every girl present tonight.

"Why thank you Richard." Her eyes looked directly into his. She smiled. "You are looking very Dapper yourself!"

He extended his arm. "Shall we dance?"

"I would love too." She allowed herself to be led to the floor. She could feel Richards warmth radiating towards her. His hand at her waist was strong and sure. He led her around the floor. Her beautiful full dress swished and swirled as he led her expertly through the dance. 

He danced with her several dances and when they were done with the set instead of returning her to her friends, he asked her to walk with him. They spent hours walking, talking and dancing together. When the night was through Virginia was in love. 

Virginia saw a lot of Richard after that. Sometimes they were joined by Carl and Morgana. Virginia enjoyed those outings. Carl was very smart and funny. He brought out a lively side to the quiet and serious Richard. Morgana was a sweet southern belle. She saw the bright side of everything and the good in almost everyone. She had an endearing personality. Virginia could see why Carl had asked her to marry him. 

Virginia's spring was filled with long romantic walks and sweet stolen kisses. By summer they were dating exclusively. It wasn't long before he'd asked her to marry him. 

Virginia married Richard that next spring. Carl and Morgana stood up with them. It was a huge affair. The Dunham's and the Harrington's were both important families so over 250 people were in attendance. 

Richard and Virginia spent their honeymoon on an enchanting island resort. Once home her heartache began. Southern families are supposed to produce an heir. But after several years one still hadn't come. By the time Virginia was 25 she decided to take matters into her own hand. 

Now Virginia loved Richard Harrington with all her heart. He was a fine man and a fine husband. He swore he was okay not having a babe but Virginia knew that to be a lie for her benefit. She was a very competitive woman and all her friends, with the exception of Morgana, already had children. Virginia wanted... no needed one too. 

Jack Fairview was a real good looking man. He was huge. 6'4 at least, with massive muscles from the hard work he did. More importantly he had Richard's size and coloring. He was fair haired and grey eyed though his eyes were dark with a black rim and Richards were a clear grey. If her baby should take after it's father and not her she needed to select someone close to Richard in looks. Jack was perfect and was Virginia's childhood friend. 

His family was into sugarcane. He worked long hours spread out over several farms located in south central Louisiana. He'd always had a crush on Virginia but her daddy wouldn't have allowed her to date him so she never encouraged it. 

Virginia approached Richard about having a ball during the carnival season. She included Jack and a few other friends from home giving them invitations to stay over at the house. 

Virginia planned her party carefully. She wanted a lively busy party that she could slip away from with Jack and not be missed. Carl and Morgana would be there as well as family. 

In the event that she failed to get away she wanted Jack there overnight. She would visit him in his room if she had to. She had no idea how she would convince him to go along with her schemes. She thought perhaps she'd have to get him drunk. Turned out to be much easier than that. 

From the moment Jack arrived his eyes never left Virginia. She felt a little flustered by his intense gaze. He seemed hungry toward her and she was a little wary. Not enough to forget her plan though. Her desperation for a baby was a strong motivator. No. She would proceed but she didn't know quite what to expect from the man hungry to touch her soul. 

Virginia made her rounds at the party, greeting guests and making conversation. Jack was always somewhere around, watching her, keeping his distance but following her just the same. 

The party was in full swing when he finally cornered her. Her green eyes were huge in her face as he pulled her into his hard chest. "Virginia. God you are beautiful." She smiled what she hoped was an inviting seductive smile.

He didn't seem to be taking the bait so she stepped into his arms and kissed his mouth. An innocent kiss. He stared at her hard and his mouth captured hers in a heart stopping kiss. He ground his massive erection into her. 

Pulling away he looked at her with pained eyes. "Why did you invite me here Gina?" His use of her childhood nick name made her feel soft and safe despite his intensity.

"What do you mean Jack?" She searched his eyes. "You know I've always loved you Gina. Even when you would tease me as a kid I still loved you." He held her bum and rubbed her into him. He kissed her deeply again. "I want you so bad!" 

Virginia let him kiss and fondle her. He groaned as he felt her wetness between her legs. "I have to have you Gina..."

There was someone coming. She pulled away from him. "Later. When the parties over I'll come find you. Leave your door unlocked." She slipped away. 

All night Jack haunted her like a sexy shadow. His eyes glittered and his bulge was evident. Finally the party ended. Virginia had all her guests settled in for the remainder of the night. She put Richard to bed too. He had had quite a bit to drink and passed out quickly. It was 3am. 

She slipped quietly down the corridor dressed in her lingerie and dressing gown. Outside Jacks door she hesitated, her conscience heavy. Richard was a good and faithful man. Could she do this? Then her hunger surfaced. The desire to feel life inside her, the longing to have a child for her and Richard... She squared her shoulders and knocked quietly. 

She entered the room thinking that she would have quick impersonal sex with Jack and be back in her room in a half hour. She was ill prepared for what lay ahead. 

Richard was an attentive lover. He always made sure that Virginia received pleasure from their coupling but he was unimaginative and only liked the missionary position. This is what Virginia anticipated with Jack. She knew she was wrong as soon as she entered the room.

Jack was sprawled in the middle of the bed naked. His beautiful body on complete display. He was large and fit just like Richard but that's were the resemblance ended! Between his legs was the biggest erection Virginia had ever imagined. It was so large she feared it would split her insides. She backed up. Turning for the door she felt Jacks hands on her. 

He pulled her to him and started removing her dressing gown. He hushed her as she struggled. Kissing her and trying to settle her fears. Soon enough he had recaptured her interest, stripping her naked he carried her to the bed. 

Jack lay her down and spread her legs. His hunger for her was so intense, so long standing that he didn't think he'd last for her. He had wacked off to the thought of her while he waited so he hoped he would have some control. 

He looked at her tiny love hole. It was beautiful and still looked untouched. Her husband must be very small he thought. He couldn't wait to bury himself balls deep into that tiny tight body. 

He reached out and touched her breast. It was full and firm. Her nipple hardened at his touch so he squeezed it. She gasped. He bent his fair head and suckled her, softly at first, then with barely contained lust. He lavished first one breast then the other, over and over. Her soft sighs and gentle cries enflamed him and spurred him on. 

His hand reached down between her spread legs and touched her. She jumped as her clit was stroked for the first time ever in her life! It felt so good, so dirty that she closed her legs and squeezed her muscles. She was very wet down there. 

Jack left her breasts and gently pried her legs open. He rubbed her inner thighs getting closer and closer to her wet opening. Virginia was filled with desire for him. She wiggled with anticipation and sweet discomfort as his hands neared her need. This time his touch was like fire in her veins. 

Jack nursed at her breasts as he brought her vagina to life. He rolled her rose blossom buds with his tongue as he wished she had milk to suckle. He groaned as he loved her tiny cunny with his hands. Rubbing her clit, using her slick juice to slide his fingers over her hard sweet nub. Sliding his finger in her he found her spot and pulled her orgasm out of her. 

She was whimpering as her body built up to a shattering climax. It was the first time she had orgasmed without a penis in her. Her mind was blown. She wanted Jack inside her now! 

"Please Jack.. I need you. Please... Put yourself inside me..."

Jack was thrilled to hear her softly uttered words. He had dreamed them a thousand times. His heart turned over. But he wasn't ready to take her yet. 

He knelt between her legs and lifted her to his mouth. His first taste of her was almost more than he could take. His body shook as he forced himself to be gentle. To go slow. She shuddered against him. 

He licked her soft and slow. His tongue entering her tight womanhood as he tasted her deeply. Then he wiggled his tongue and drew it out slowly to lick up her slit and over her bud. He slowly sucked her tender bud into his mouth and hungrily nursed her forbidden teat. She cried out softly as her body came apart. 

Jack lay her back against the bed. Her legs were still spread for him. He grabbed hold of his aching member and put it gently at her impossibly small hole. He knew he had to go slow. He wasn't really sure why she was here with him but he was sure glad she was! 

He rubbed his swollen head against her soft crevice. It was hot and wet, dripping love juice over his mushroom top. He coated himself and slid into her tightness. He'd had to pushed fairly hard and she cried out as his head popped into her. Her tiny hole was spread to capacity and clung to his hardness like lips. He couldn't believe how hot and tight she was! 

He pulled out slow and rocked forward again, going a little deeper this time. His throbbing member was surrounded by white hot heat squeezing him like a vice. He could hardly gain entry. Pulling out slightly he rocked her to him again, and again. Finally he was able to slide in and out of her tightness with some ease. Her wet snatch sucked him hard and held his dick for dear life. It was ecstasy. 

She was moaning and wiggling beneath him. She begged him for more and more of his girth. At last he was all the way in. He could feel her womb as he bottomed out inside her. Her muscles spasmed around him and massaged his hard throbbing pole. He loved it. With a light heart he started making love to her. 

Virginia was beside herself. She had never felt anything as erotic as Jack making his way into her body. He was so gentle and so firm that she had experienced another delightful orgasm. Now he was sawing in and out of her in a slow tantalizing rhythm. She wanted to scream at him and pull his hair out. 

"Faster Jack... Please." Her desperate plea filled the room. 

Jack picked up the pace. Then he stopped, pulled out and turned her over. He entered her again. This time from behind. He forced her head down making her body take him deeper. She moaned a deep guttural sound. Her body was so turned on. 

"Touch yourself Gina" he said. Taking her hand he guided it to her swollen nub. He moved her fingers over it in a gentle circle. Her body jerked. It was so sensitive, it felt so good. Without his aid she continued. 

Jack started pounding into her. She was so full, it felt so good, her body warmed. Her nipples peaked. Goosebumps spread over her and she came apart. He continued to slap into her. Her body continued to spasm. Milking him hungrily. 

Jack pulled out. He lay on his back and forcefully impaled Virginia onto his rock hard member. It felt so good. He moved her frantically up and down his body. Her bosom bounced in his face. He sat forward and sucked and gently bit them. He moaned. 

"Keep rubbing yourself Virginia. Be my hands for me baby."

Virginia put her hands between her legs and played with herself. Jacked groaned and rocked into her harder. It didn't take long... He exploded inside her. She doubled over, her orgasm hit her so hard.

Exhausted she lay in his arms. Jacks hands traveled her body. He touched her everywhere. He licked and kissed every inch of her. She was overwhelmed and undone. She had never before experienced such ardent love making. She wept as Jack made slow sweet love to her again... And again.

Virginia woke early. Her body was sore and tender in places that she had never been touched before ever. She couldn't believe the things that Jack had done to her body or how much she had loved them. She could hardly walk as she left Jack sleeping in his bed and made her way to her husband and her room. She didn't know what to feel or think. The experience had changed her forever. Marked her permanently. 

Once inside her room she undressed quickly. She got into her bath and washed the evidence of her affair away. Clean, she lay back in the tub and let her silent tears fall. 

She loved Richard with all of her heart and she had originally done this for their happiness but she knew now that she would never be satisfied with her husbands love making again. She would always hunger for Jack.

Time passed and Virginia found ways to be happy again. First there was her pregnancy. Richard was completely unsuspecting and totally ecstatic with the news of their impending child. She also started to volunteer with a few local charities. 

Eventually her baby came. A beautiful blond boy with grey eyes. They named him Carter. After awhile Virginia managed to suppress her hungry need and things returned to normal for her. Other than the gentle ache that surfaced from time to time she was perfectly content. 

Both her and Richards family and friends were happy for the couple. Everyone knew that they had waited so long for a baby and tried so hard. Virginias life was filled with visitors and it helped keep her mind off of her dark thoughts.

Her visit with Morgana and Carl was bittersweet. Morgana was elated for her friend, but was also torn up inside. Virginia knew exactly how she felt! She had watched so many of her friends get pregnant without her. She held Morgana tight as she prepared to go. She somehow understood that while they may write each other still their friendship had changed 

