 It was a hot summer day and I was on the riding mower cutting the back lawn. Kitty was sitting on the porch steps watching me. We'd been married for about three years and still couldn't get enough of each other. We never wanted to be apart. Hence she was watching me with a smile on her face and mischief in her eyes. 

I wore only an old pair of cut off jeans and several gallons of sweat from the hot sun high overhead. I would have normally waited until late in the day or got up early to do this. But I had been called back to work early and wanted to get it done before I left. Kitty was quite capable of doing it but the old mower was cantankerous at its best and a serious pain in the ass at its worst.

Kitty had started out sitting on the top step with her feet on the next one down. Her feet and legs were tucked up very prim and properly. The short strapless sundress was pulled up tight under her arms and the skirt was down to her knees. But she didn't stay that way long.

As I did laps around the yard, her feet moved down several steps and moved wider apart. Her knees opened as the short skirt moved down her thighs to her lap. The top of the dress slowly dropped lower and lower until the top half of her breasts were visible right down to the upper edge of the dark circles that capped each breast.

I love it when she teases me and I love teasing her. With her feet and knees apart, I could see her sex peeking at me, the small V she kept trimmed on her mound clearly visible. My manhood was stiff in the leg of my shorts and the head was doing some peeking of its own out the leg opening.

Each time I would pass the steps, Kitty would lean over, run her hands up and down her lower legs, and lift her feet onto her toes. This lifted and exposed her sex even more. At the same time it allowed me a better view down the top of the sundress at her lovely breasts and the top would ride even lower.

A few laps later, Kitty pointedly looked at my swollen dick and smiled before she licked her lips suggestively. I went on around, then came to a stop in front of her, and shut off the mower. "Is there something I can do for you little girl?" I asked with a big grin.

"It more, what I want to do to you." She said in a little girl voice.

"And?" I prompted.

"You look so sexy and delicious, I could just eat you up."

"What's stopping you?" I asked.

"You're on the mower and sucking your dick while you cut the yard could be dangerous to my flowers, the fences, and the trees."

"Not to mention us." I added with a chuckle as I got off the mower.

Kitty's eyes were on the head of my dick sticking out the bottom of the leg opening. She licked her lips and whispered, "These steps are safe."

"I don't know about that. There's a hungry looking pussy staring at me."

She laughed and spread her legs and knees wider. "It doesn't have any teeth so you're safe, see."

Now it was my turn to lick my lips. "Yeah but I do."

"But you only nibble and you do it so wonderfully." 

I went to my knees on the bottom step and leaned over to run my tongue up along the inside of one thigh and back down the other. Kitty made a soft cooing noise and shivered. "We can't do that out here.... Can we?" She whispered breathily.

"Why not? No one can see over the privacy fence. That's what it's for."

"You know how shy I am." She replied.

"Only around others, not around me." I said as I leaned over and licked her inner thighs again. This time she moaned softly. Looking up into her eyes I added, "You were teasing me and now you have to pay for it."

I licked down her left inner thigh and didn't stop short of her sex this time. I ran my tongue over the smoothly shaven outer lips and then up to trace the V of dark hair. Kitty whimpered and then moaned as she leaned back on her hands. 

"I'm all sweaty." She whispered.

"And that's not all." I replied just before I took a long slow lick up the center of her slit. 

Kitty's hips rolled up as she made a soft whimpering moaning sound. I took a second lick with the same affect. On the third lick, she lay back on the porch and lifted her hips to meet me. I love oral sex with my wife almost as much as she does. I love making her make little sounds and I love the way she shivers and quivers when I touch just the right places. It's a loving power trip.

Out here in the bright sunlight and the wide-open backyard it was even better. Kitty was even more responsive than she normally was, which is saying a lot. Just sucking and licking her thin fan like inner lips made her quiver and moan loudly. I teased her by avoiding her clit and opening for nearly ten minutes, even though her hands on my head were trying to force me one way or the other.

Finally, I stabbed my tongue in her juicy opening and had to swallow as she went off like a rocket. She gave out with a loud yell, flexing, and bucking her hips hard against my mouth and probing tongue. This in itself was unusual as it normally took time and patience to get her off orally. 

I smiled to myself as I continued to fuck her with my tongue and her orgasm just rolled on and on. As it started to slack off some, or at least the jerking and shaking in her hips did, I lowered my head, lifted her legs, and took several licks along the flooded crease of her ass. 

My tongue touching the crinkled ring of her anus made her gasp and wiggle around in my grip. We had never tried anal sex but had talked about it. I wondered what it would be like to fuck her tight virgin ass out here in the backyard. With a mental sigh, I filed that away for another day.

Lowering her legs, I licked and kissed my way up to her clit. Her hands tried weakly several time to stop me but I went right on up to roll her clit around with my tongue. She went off like a bomb and just kept on coming as I flicked, licked, and sucked on her clit. I had never seen her have such a long and hard second orgasm in our short marriage.

I'm surprised that her yelling and moaning hadn't brought the neighbors running with guns. She was more vocal than I had ever heard and more vulgar. She was yelling things like, "Oh Fuck! Hell, Yes! Oh, Shit!" and my favorite, "Mother fucking son of a bitch!" She had never used this kind of language in all the time I had known her.

About the third or fourth time she literally hit me in the head with her fist, I released her clit and dove down to her pulsing, flooded vagina for the feast of a lifetime. Now she had two hands full of hair and was trying to stuff my head in her pussy. 

My loving shy little wife was yelling for me to "Eat that pussy!" as she rubbed it all over my face. I was very, very happy to oblige her.

When her hips slowed and the pressure on my head relaxed, I rose up and sat back on my heels. I had a big grin on my face as I looked at my beautiful wife sprawled out like she was dead. Her legs were splayed open wide, her wet sex was spotlighted by the bright sunshine, and I could see her opening pulsing slowly. 

The top of her dress was down below her breasts and her nipples were so hard that the circles underneath were wrinkled and puckered. But the look on her face was the best of all. There was a slack look to it but at the same time there was a completely sated look also. The look of a woman who was in her own little world, a world that I had created for her.

I wondered what would happen if I slipped my shorts off and fucked her but I decided that she needed to rest and recover first. With a sigh, I did slip the shorts off. My dick was hard and hot as it pressed tightly up against my lower belly. I ran my hand up and down the shaft a few times and then shivered from the feelings.

I'd better get back to mowing or I would fuck her, I thought quickly. With a grin I got on the mower and started it. I had never cut the grass naked before and chuckled to myself as I thought about how I would look to Kitty as I bounced across the lawn with my dick sticking up out of my lap. She'd get a laugh out of it, I figured.

Kitty continued to lie on the pouch. I made three or four rounds and she hadn't moved. I was to the point of stopping to check on her when she finally sat up. She still looked a little dazed and confused and then her eyes focused on me. She grinned broadly and blew me a kiss. I blew her one back.

I made another round and then I had to pay attention to what I was doing as I had the big oak in the back corner of the lot to mow around. By the time I had that done and continued on around the yard, Kitty was standing on the bottom step. I was surprised when she slipped the dress down around her waist and then down over her hips to drop it.

My wife was now standing on the steps in all her naked glory. I felt my breath catch and my dick twitched as I smiled at her. As I came on around, she stepped off the porch and walked out to where I had already mowed. As I got close to her, she held up her hand for me to stop. I stopped and turned the mower off. 

Without a word, she stepped up on the mower, straddled my thighs facing me, and sat down. "You nearly killed me." She whispered. "And now it's my turn to return the favor."

With that said, she slid forward and rubbed her sex against my hard shaft. When I started to suggest we go inside, she kissed the hell out of me and rubbed even harder. Who was I to argue with her, I thought as I kissed her back with eager passion, my arms going around her. 

Our bodies felt slippery and sensuous as we rubbed them together. Kitty made a whimpering sighing sound as she broke the kiss. "I never realized how slippery and sexy sweat was until now." She whispered.

I slowly ran my hands down her back to her ass cheeks and then ran them back up to her shoulders. "You look and feel so beautiful out here."

"I feel very sexy and oh so wanton, if you want to know the truth. I love being naked outside, now that I've tried it." She whispered back. "You may never get me back in the house." She ended with a laugh.

"What about when it rains?" I asked teasingly.

"Then we'll fuck in the rain." She said bluntly with a grin.

"And when it gets cold?"

"Now, then I'll have to come inside. You know I don't do cold well even with clothes on."

"This winter, I'm going to fuck you out here in the snow at least once." I told her teasingly.

She blinked at me several time and then smiled. "I might just let you to see what it would be like. But you're going to be on bottom."

"Sounds fair to me," I said as I pulled her forward for another barnburner of a kiss.

In less than a minute, her hips were moving and rubbing her sex against me again. I moaned softly and tried to help but I wasn't doing much because of the way I was sitting. She broke the kiss and said, "Just sit still, I'm doing this." And then she was kissing me again. Again, who was I to argue?

A while later, Kitty gave a shivering shake and moaned loudly. She broke the kiss and laid her head on my shoulder with a ragged sigh. I held her and caressed her back and butt. I could feel her hard nipples rubbing on my chest from her hard breathing. Ever so often a shiver would run up and down her body.

A few minutes later, she sat up and grinned at me. "This backyard sex could become addictive."

"And the problem is?" I asked with a grin.

"Oh, there's not a problem except when you're gone or I have housework to do. I think I'll be spending more time out here from now on and I plan on doing it naked."

"And the problem is?" I asked and then we both laughed.

"You are so good to me." She whispered a moment later.

"And you are so good for me." I replied.

"You may say different in a minute, I just had a wild and kinky idea." She said lifting her hips. 

She reached between us and grabbed my shaft. She lifted it up, and rubbed the head against her hot opening. She shivered and then whispered, "I'm going to help you mow the yard."

My reply was sidetracked as she centered the head in her opening and sat down hard. Our loud moans were mixed together as half my dick entered her in one quick surge. She lifted her hips and then sat down again. Her hard ass brushed my thighs before she rose up again. This time she sat down firmly and completely on my thighs.

We were both breathing hard and she was shivering and whimpering softly. We sat still for several minutes and then she shivered hard and sighed. "Now you can start the mower and go back to work." She said impishly as she leaned to the side slightly so I could see the steering wheel.

I looked at her for a second and then grinned as I reached over and started the mower. We both gave a little gasp as the vibrations from the engine and whirling blades settled in to our point of deepest connection.

"Oh yeah!" Kitty moaned softly. "This is going to be even better than I thought it would be."

I pushed in the clutch and slipped it into second gear. I normally mow in third but I figured with the distraction of Kitty sitting on my dick, I didn't need to be going so fast. I let out the clutch jerkily and the mower lunged forward and then settled to a slower speed. 

The jerks, lunge, and surge as the mower moved out made Kitty moan and me to take a sharp hissing breathe. The movement of my dick made Kitty tighten up inside, which amplified the vibrations even more. I wondered who would come first. The answer was Kitty of course, but the question became, how many orgasms would she have before I came.

The rock, roll, and bounce of the tractor moved me around inside Kitty and distracted me greatly. The first time she came, I groaned at the hot flood along my shaft and the way her inner muscles rippled and grabbed at it. Kitty gave a soft yell as she did and rocked her hips back and forth against me. 

I knew her clit was rubbing my pelvis bone and that would keep her coming and coming. Her hot, wet, slippery sex was doing wonderful things to my dick and my pending orgasm was climbing fast. I had had to make several turns at the ends of the straight section and I had no idea if I was even close to where I should have been. 

Frankly I didn't care. I could straighten it out later. At this moment, my loving sexy wife was sitting on my dick and driving me crazy. Across the backside of the yard are several rolling swells that made the mower surge and jerk. These added fuel to my fire and tipped Kitty over the edge again. She yelled again as the hot flood was once again surging around my dick.

I made the turn at the end of that straight section and got lined out along the side fence. There is a rough section that sent Kitty even higher and nearly was my undoing. I was so close to coming that I nearly missed the turn in front of the porch. 

As I turned the wheel sharply to avoid the porch, Kitty rocked to the side and back quickly. That's all she wrote, turn out the lights, and stick a fork in me. I came longer and harder than I ever had in my life. Kitty was yelling obscenities and rocking back and forth harder than ever as she was coming almost as hard as she had on the porch.

Somehow, I killed the motor on the mow and we sat there rocking each other and moaning into each other's mouths in a mad passionate kiss. How long this went on, I have no idea, I was lost in that other world with only Kitty for company, and loving every second of it.

*****

When time and space took on meaning again, Kitty was hugging me hard and had her head on my shoulder. I was hugging her back just as tightly. After several minutes, I blew out a long slow breath and then sighed contentedly.

"I'll second that." Kitty whispered in my ear.

I only nodded but I could feel the big silly grin that was on my face. I knew I'd never look at this old mower the same way as I used to. Now instead of an ornery piece of junk, it was the world's largest sex toy.

I laughed at the thought and Kitty asked, "What's funny dear?"

I told her my thoughts and she laughed for a moment and then sobered. "What the hell am I laughing at? It's true. I started to come the minute it started moving and kept right on going even after it stopped, especially when you shot that gallon of deliciously hot cum deep inside me."

"What can I say, one minute your little kitty cat is trying to crush me and the next, it's acting like a milking machine. It was hungry and wanted cream, so I gave it to you."

Kitty laughed at the visuals and then whimpered as her pussy clamped down on my softening dick. "I'm not complaining in the least but we're a mess and it's only gong to get worse when I get up from her."

"That's what God made water hoses for." I said with a grin.

"Oh no you don't. I know how cold that water is. You're taking me inside and putting me in a hot shower." She said quickly as she sat up slowly.

She arched her back and blew out a long slow breath. Then she gasped as I sucked in a hard nipple and flicked my tongue back and forth over it. She arched her back even more and moaned as I sucked most of her slick salty tasting breast into my mouth. I bathed it with my tongue for a moment and the switched breasts. 

She moaned loudly and shifted in my lap. My semi-hard manhood moved inside her and she shivered. "This isn't going to get us in the shower." She whispered between whimpers and shivers as I continued to bath her breast with my tongue.

I raised my head and grinned at her. "I'll have to build us and outdoor shower with hot water."

She smiled and kissed me softly on the lips for a second. "Like I said, you are so good to me."

"And you are so good for me." I whispered back before I kissed her deeply.

*****

That was long ago. The old mower is long dead but it's still in the garage. Neither of us ever wanted to part with it, so there it sits as a reminder of past glory. Even if it doesn't run, we've had sex on it from time to time, just for the fun of it and old times sake.