 It had been several years since he'd traveled there, so the SoCal conference he was scheduled to attend was a welcome break despite all the hassles associated with flying. And because he enjoyed the little treasures the Golden State provided, he decided it would be work first, then several days getting reacquainted with his favorite parts of the state. After the conference in San Diego, he'd head up the coast thru LA, Ventura, and Santa Barbara, before spending the night in Santa Maria.

He recalls how work and fun had collided nicely several years back when he had several days on the job in the Lompoc area, and was able to lodge in the same area where one of his favorite movies, "Sideways", was filmed. Yes, he'd visited the area wineries, loosely retracing the steps of Miles and Jack, and even dined at the Hitching Post, savoring their house wine, and bringing some back to the east coast as a topic of discussion with friends, before finally consuming it a few years later. He'd also found the movie's "Maya" character interesting, wondering what it would be like to find someone who was educated, pretty, and shared an interest in wine. Someone who shared a lot of the same interests, whom he could enjoy discussing everything from wine to current events. And who knows what else... 

Ever the planner, and knowing he'd spend a couple of days transversing Napa and Sonoma Valleys, he made sure to make hotel reservations to ensure he could enjoy the valley's liquid fruits, and not have to drive too far. Always one who enjoyed the traditions and history of the older hotels, and having stayed often at the Hotel del Coronado, as he did the first few days of this trip, he hoped to find something similar near the wineries. He always liked the furniture many of these older hotels offered; large, Victorian beds and antique-style footed bathtubs. In his mind, there was something mildly erotic about such places, from the natural wood to the service the staff provided, seemingly taking pride in working for the establishment they were tasked to care for. "Tasked" seemed too harsh a word, since they made it appear their work was a labor of love. Taking pleasure in caring for the facility was probably more apt.

The two days of business seemed to go by quickly, with everyone satisfied their particular issues were aired, and many would be addressed through a list of action items and deadlines. Then it was up the road, taking in the scenery before settling for the night in Santa Maria before heading into true wine country. He even drove past the legendary ostrich farm Jack ran naked through during the movie. So silly.

Finally, it was Valley time. While there were a couple of his favorites in both areas, he knew the wineries and people were more friendly, and seemed more fun in Sonoma. At his second stop he saw a small gathering of folks at the bar who seemed to be more interested in hearing the person at the center of the group speak, than the server behind the counter. While the server ensured everyone's glass contained wine, even she seemed captivated by the young lady who was instructing the patrons.

A few of the patrons were a bit tall, so he moved to the other side of the room before he got a fuller view of her. A slim beauty, drop dead gorgeous actually, carrying on an animated conversation, holding up her glass and showing each of the others the wine, describing its appearance, how to swirl the glass to bring out the bouquet and, when sampling, to really focus on the flavors throughout the entire tasting process. With a stylish self-assurance, a very nice summer dress and some of the sexiest heels he'd ever seen strapped to an ankle, she definitely had everyone's attention. He was becoming more enamored with her by the moment. The way she moved and spoke. Hell, just the way she appeared so alive and yet so comfortable in her surroundings were a mental turn on for him. He almost forgot to taste his own wine sample as he watched her. Soon, the group left to continue their tour of the property but she stayed behind, standing alone at the bar and occasionally conversing with the server. He was smitten, and just had to get closer and talk to her.

As he neared she looked his way and smiled. He started to feel a desire he hadn't known in quite some time. Her smile grew as he said hello, and told her how impressed he was with her knowledge of wine, and asked how long she had worked there. She tilted her head back just a little, laughed lightly, and then turned to him and said her name was Michele, and no, she didn't work at the winery. She just had a deep interest in the grape and what it could produce. I quickly glanced at the server, who nodded with a smile, stepped away and began tending to something, perhaps preparing for the next group of guests.

Michele said she was from the LA area, was getting away from the rat race for a few days, hoping to have a little fun in a relaxing way. All the while displaying a soft, yet sexy smile, she asked him how he ended up at this particular winery. Never at a loss for words, he told her he was from the DC area, visiting the state for business purposes, and was now taking in some guilty pleasures. While he can't recall what made him say it, he volunteered that he was unattached and traveling alone. He could have sworn he saw a twinkle dance across her lovely eyes when he said this, and her smile seemed to widen, in an almost determined kind of way. 

Or, was it just his vivid imagination?

Soon the conversation moved from wine to each of their particular likes and dislikes. If it was possible, Michele seemed to perk up as he described his love for older, historic type hotels, and the reasons why. Having talked for what seemed like hours, getting to know each other better, he suggested they get some dinner. Michele, with an adoringly mischievous smile, said she was more interested in seeing the hotel he was staying at first, and maybe they could get something to eat a little later. He reached for her hand as they walked out to his car together, and after only a few steps she slid her left hand up his arm, moved even closer, and reached across herself with her right hand to grasp his arm just below the elbow, and laid her head on his shoulder. He hoped she wouldn't notice the immediate bulge growing in the front of his pants as they neared the car. Opening the passenger door for her and holding her right hand with his left, he watched more of her slim legs appear as she sat down and her dress rode up above the knee. All the while she was watching him watching her, with an ever-growing smile. If he wasn't careful, the object poking at the material in the front of his pants could close the door on it's own. He walked behind the car on his way to the driver's side so he could adjust everything that seemed to be straining against his pants.

On the short drive to the hotel they talked about everything they saw, each pointing out different landmarks and asking questions about each, all while her left hand rested on his right leg, just above the knee. His concentration broken, his thoughts jumped back and forth between getting to the hotel safely and if her hot palm just, almost imperceptibly yet teasingly, moved higher up his leg. 

Or, was it just his vivid, almost hopeful imagination?

Upon arrival he quietly cursed the valet because he didn't get another chance to look at her legs, and any other treasures, as she got out of the car. Did she give a glimpse to the valet, perhaps? Stop the self-teasing, he told himself. Refocusing on the here and now, he noticed how she took a genuine interest in the hotel's architecture and layout, pointing out the features that caught her eye. Once again, he was impressed with her intelligence, something he found very sexy in the women he'd known who possessed it. She exuded style and class. 

The desk clerk smiled at them both as she handed him the key. Did she secretly know what was about to happen under the roof of her hotel in just a few short minutes? Was that a wink? Focus man, focus!

Again, light conversation and hand-holding all the way to the room until they arrived at the dark, and heavy but sturdy-looking wooden door. While she still displayed that soft, beautiful, confident smile, he could feel his heart beginning to race. How did he get to the threshold of his room with someone as smart and beautiful as this woman? There'll be time for that later, he told himself. For now, give this woman the attention and affection she deserves. It's time to worship her body, to try and touch her deep within her soul.

He opens the door, allows her to enter first, closely follows her in, and closes the door behind him. Just as it seemed she was going to say something about the room, he takes her by the arm, and gently, but assertively, pulls her to the other side of him so that her back is now against the door. He immediately reaches down and places his wetted lips on hers. He thinks she tried to say "oh" or something, but her hot mouth is now covered by his as they both moan into each other. Her tongue is alive in his mouth, and both tongues dance and fence against one another. He feels something almost electric, and thinks from her reaction she's feeling the same. For some reason, in a flash he thinks to himself that he'll never hear the song "Passionate Kisses" again without thinking of this moment. Strange, but that's how his mind works.

His hands move slowly but determined, from her shoulders, down her smooth back, pulling her in closer, two bodies eagerly pressing against another causing her to softly moan once more. Then further down, past her ass, with a quick pause to feel its tightness, and finally down to her smooth firm legs. As he reaches for the edge of her dress and begins to pull it up to her waist, her hands are starting to work on loosening his belt. Finding the waistband of her tiny panties, he breaks their kiss as he slides his body down, pulling her panties down her soft, slender thighs as he moves lower. 

No longer able to manipulate his belt or zipper, she holds her dress up as if to say, look at the sweet prize you're about to receive. As he's sliding her panties past her knees, and toward her ankles, he's also sliding his lips and tongue softly across her quivering lower stomach before arriving at her smooth, sweet smelling mound. Just as he's planting soft kisses on and around her delicious pussy, she alternately steps out of her panties, which are then tossed toward the middle of the room. As he stands and resumes the heated kiss, they both fight with his belt and zipper before his pants and briefs are gathered at his ankles in a frantic effort to remove any obstacles between their skin. 

Again, its as if their minds are synched when she lifts her dress to her waist while he's reaching down behind her, just below her tiny ass, and with a thigh in both hands pulls her up the door. Her legs are at his sides, knees bent, and her heels firmly pressing into his lower back. Their breathing and kisses are more intense, and her head is now slightly higher than his, anxiously looking down at him, her hair gently brushing his face. His cock is hard, pointing up slightly, and he feels a slight coolness as the air hits the wet tip. Having aligned her to the target, he slowly brings her down and feels her matching wetness. She's feather-light and it's with little effort that she slides down, totally enveloping his cock with her warm, tight pussy. Just as he's thinking he's truly found heaven on earth, she tries to utter a word or just give a heavy, satisfied groan but can't because their mouths are still engaged with each other's. So her sensuous sound becomes a part of him as it enters his mouth, giving him a sexual energy he's never experienced before.

Both having felt the initial ecstasy of becoming one, now urgently begin trying to find the next level of pleasure. She begins rocking her hips to get more of him in her. He's assertively, but lovingly thrusting in and out of her, sometimes shallow, sometimes with a grinding motion trying to get deeper because nothing has ever felt this good before. Its at this moment he hears a steady thumping sound, and then realizes it's the sound from their bodies - her back, actually - hitting the door. Crudely, his mind flashes to the desk clerk and he imagines she's walking past the door right now, with a knowing smile. 

Strange, but that's how his mind works. 

Coming back to the moment, he begins concentrating on getting them both to the next plateau, without taking them, or at least himself, over the edge. She's doing incredible things to his body, to his mind, and he never wants it to end. Concentrate on her pleasure, he tells himself, your's will be the greater for it.

Panting, but determined to get the most from this fiery act, they mutually break their kiss and place each of their faces in the other's neck. He feels her hot breath, he's sure she feels his. She smells so good, he feels as if he'd get harder, as if that was even possible at this point. As the thumping of the door continues, and become more urgent, he leans his head back and looks directly at her face. God, she's beautiful. Her eyes, though half closed now, are still twinkling. 

They continue moving together. He asks her if she's okay. A smile comes to her lips, the tip of her tongue visible in the corner of her mouth, and her eyes widen as she says, "Yes, don't stop." 

Do you want more? 

"Yes, faster." 

Is that how you want it? 

"Yes, harder." 

If I give it to you harder and faster, will you come for me? 

"I just did." 

He already knew that, she had become so wet their fucking was now effortless as he glided in and out of her. What started as sensual was now primal fucking. Pleasure and instincts had taken over, the heightened build up to release had passed the point of incredible. 

Will you let me know when you're about to come again? 

"Yes, I'm almost there." 

Hold on to it and let me come with you, okay? 

"Yes. Hurry." 

NO, hold it and let me come with you, OKAY? 

"YES! HURRY!" 

I want you to look at me as we come together okay? 

"YES!! HURRY!!" 

Look at me Michele. LOOK AT ME NOW MICHELE!

Oh. My. God.