 I was talking with Al when two girls caught his attention. I did a double take when I saw her. She and her friend were eyeing us and before I could protest, Al was basically dragging me to them because he didn't see my subtle reaction. Perhaps he watched me do a double take and thought I was not deciding, misinterpreting the whole deal.

Al introduced himself and then he introduced me as Croft. Definitely not my last name, but a nickname that had stuck only recently when I dissed my friends for liking sports video games. I explained FIFA, NBA and so forth couldn't be compared with Tomb Raider's Lara Croft (even if I'm not a Tomb Raider fan).

The night's surprise for me was when she introduced herself as Tanya. A name I knew was false. 

However, giving me a false name meant she didn't know who I was!

And although Al tried flirting with "Tanya", she was clearly interested in me. 

Al caught it and quickly directed his attention to her friend. I honestly couldn't say if they hit it off or not because "Tanya" soon hinted at going somewhere more quiet. I was up for it in every sense.

"My place is near," she offered. 

We were there soon enough, but not before giving the Uber driver a show of how I devoured her breasts as she whimpered and grabbed my hard cock through my clothes.

I thought we were gonna pretend for a little while we weren't thinking about sex, but when she closed the door behind me, it was beyond my control. My body moved before I could think. 

I embraced her from behind and my hands dove under her clothes without stopping for a second. I fingered her as I pinched one of her breasts. Harshly. She gasped with surprise she squirmed.

"Wait, not so hard..." 

She could barely gasp, her butt pressing against me and immediately after she felt the aggressive note on my behavior, I noticed she was wetter than before. A radical difference.

Did she want to pretend she didn't like it? Or had she never been treated like this? 

I was sure she was used to being treated like a princess outside. I remembered it all too well. Maybe inside the bedroom too?

I bit down on her neck and she moaned. Again she moaned when my fingers moved faster inside her and when my other hand found her other breast to repeat the harsh treatment. She whimpered and pressed herself, harder, against me.

I took it all out on her. I lowered her shorts and underwear in a single movement. "Tanya" gave out a small yelp of surprise. I moved her against the nearest piece of furniture and lowered my zipper. I pulled out my cock and got near her.

"Wait, use a cond-"

I slammed myself inside of her and growled a, "shut up, bitch."

Her eyes widened and she let her head fall back, moaning out loud. The usual gentleman in me was gone. 

She had awakened something I hadn't seen in me. Still, the part of me that was still very awake in a rational manner was the one wanting her to cum. Thinking that I didn't know her well enough to be sure if she was clean. That the risks I was taking- instincts shut the intelligent part out. I slid out of her until she could see the head of my cock touching her pussy lips. She looked down and stared, like hypnotized.

"Wait, Croft!"

I grabbed her by the remaining clothes and pulled them towards me, a bit of her nipples showing. Using the clothes as leverage, pulling her by the blouse's neckline, I began fucking her bare, "I said, shut up, whore."

I felt her pussy quiver. Her pupils dilated. She couldn't stand looking at me and her head moved a little. Sideways. 

I began fucking her statuesque body faster, looking at our bodies joining without anything protecting us from each other, without anything dampening the sensation of her marvelous, most intimate skin touching mine and pulsing around me in excitement, in forbidden arousal.

"Slut. Look at me, slut," I growled.

She immediately did so and she exhaled in lust, her lips trembling. I heard her whisper a tiny, "yes..." most probably against her will.

It was a little awkward to do so, but my other hand managed to spank her and she whimpered in pleasure. I did so again,only harder, and she moaned. Once more I spanked her, this time with anger and I saw her eyes tear up... but her legs wrapped around me. She let out a quiet scream of pleasure and pain.

"Uh... Croft?" She said after a few seconds of harsh fucking in which I steadied myself and tried coordinating my moves better..

"What," it was a question but sure as fuck didn't sound like one.

"Do it again," she barely said. I felt the curiosity of making her say it, but I didn't have the required patience to properly break her.

I spanked her again, hard, and her back arched, her glorious breasts nearer to me.

"You need me to fuck you like the whore you are, huh," I did manage to add.

She nodded, averting my gaze. I flipped her over and rammed my cock inside her from behind. 

I pulled out, making her whimper in protest. I pushed her around and she got down on all fours, immediately understanding my prompts. Without any ceremony, I slammed myself inside of her. As I fucked her doggy style, my hands began raining down on her ass with random patterns.

"Take it, bitch!"

I wasn't actively thinking about it but the memories flooded my mind. I came to the conclusion that I had been only the target of a sorority initiation challenge that had happened to be humiliating. Not for her, of course. She was a fucking queen, she obviously didn't remember me from back then.

But she'd remember me for the rest of her life once I was done with her.

"Take it!" I said with far more energy. I spanked her without mercy and she got wetter, whimpering but nodding every time I called her anything degrading.

On a particularly vicious spank, she screamed out and I was sure I had overdone it. But then her pussy began squeezing my cock rhythmically as she kept on wailing and I realized she was cumming.

I gave it to her as hard as I could as she rode her orgasm on my bare cock. I wanted to hold back but then I had other plans...

"Oh my god! Oh! Are you..?" 

She looked back at me the moment her orgasm died out enough for her to move freely.

"Fuck... yeah..." 

I closed my eyes against my will, I didn't want to miss a moment of her gorgeous body impaled by mine. My hips jerked and a rope of thick, hot semen hit the back of her pussy. I groaned as I kept on emptying my balls as deep inside of her as I could. 

I looked into her eyes as I did so, "take it, Wen..."

Even (maybe?) against her will, I could see her growing aroused yet again as my copious, creamy cum filled her. It took her a second to realize it. 

She froze in panic when she noticed I had whispered her real name. 

She was incapable of reacting properly to the surprise and the simultaneous intense instinct charging through her while I claimed her as I did. Taking her in the most complete way a man can take a woman. 

By the time the last drop of cum was inside of her, probably impregnating her for all I knew, she was already panting with need yet again. And again, she tried to deny her newfound nature and put up an act.

"Who are you?" 

The girl I had assumed for years to be nothing short of a goddess while back in college did her stare-down that had bent many men to her will. However, after what I had just done to her...

"The guy who just came inside of you. If you're a good girl, after I'm done cumming in you again, I'll let you know."

I could tell she had thought about protesting. Still, before she was even close to answering, her pussy was already squeezing me back to hardness.

"Talk later, huh?" I couldn't help having a smug smile widening my lips.