 Best Buddy's Sexual Peccadillo

Group of men sit around talking candidly about their sex lives.

I'm Paul, the host of this party. Thanks for stopping by to read my story.

We were all sitting around the big screen watching the Super Bowl one year. I had invited all of my best buddies to watch the game with me. There were 21 of us guys, including me. Our wives and girlfriends were upstairs drinking wine, laughing, talking about kids and complaining about us, no doubt.

During half time, I thought it would be a fun thing for each of us to confess what his personal, sexual peccadillo was. Especially after we've all already had a few beers, instead of watching commercials, which we've all already seen a million times, the guys would rather talk about sex. Whenever there was a new commercial we haven't seen before, we stopped to watch that.

Only, I was shocked by what happened next. Instead of going around the room with each guy sharing a few intimate details about his sex life and about his wife, it turned into a men's meeting, an open forum, on sexual peccadilloes, so much so that we missed watching the second half of the game.

Anthony was first to volunteer. He told us how his wife, Ramona, enjoyed being tied to the bed, blindfolded, and spanked. We were stunned. Attending church every Sunday, Ramona looks so straight laced, we'd never expect her to be so kinky. One never knows what goes on behind closed door.

Bob was next to volunteer to confess his sexual peccadilloes. He told us how he and his wife, Sue, enjoy dressing up and pretending to be Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Role playing that fantasy excited them both enough to believe that they were actually the celebrity stars and enough for them to have hot sex. 

"Who's next," I asked? Who wants to tell the group what they do behind closed door?"

"I'll go," said Charlie.

"The floor is all yours, Chuck," I said.

"Well, maybe because this is how we met, but this is what we do, whenever we are in the mood for a sexy evening," said Charlie looking round the room at the group of guys. "Helen dresses up in her best clothes, spiked heels, short shirt, and a low cut top that shows enough of her tits for you to imagine the rest. Then, she goes in a nice restaurant and sits at the bar. The men flock to her like bees to honey. It erotically funny to watch, especially knowing that she's coming home with me."

"Now, this sounds like my kind of scenario," said Frank rubbing his hands together, as if he was a fly.

"Once she's attracted a man or two who is trying to get her to go home with him, that's when I mosey over, sit at the bar, and buy a drink, while watching the action from a short distance away, close enough so that I can hear their conversation. Then, I buy her a drink and before those poor guys know it, we're sitting together talking, while the other gents are off to the side sulking. It's fun, an ego booster for me that these guys worked so hard to pick her up and I come waltzing in and leave with the hot babe on my arm."

"I'd be pissed if I was one of those guys," said Steve. "Don't they get mad?"

"Mad? Why? It happens all the time. It's happened to me plenty of times," said Charlie. "There's no harm done. They may suspect we know one another already, for them to assuage their bruised egos, but they have no idea we're married."

"So, why this," asked Henry? "How'd you come up with picking your wife up at a bar to get you sexually in the mood for romance later? It hardly seems like enough adventure to stimulate the kind of lust needed to perk up a marriage after so many years."

"Oh, that's not all we do, Henry," said Charlie with a sly smile. "We actually pretend, role play, just as Bob does when pretending to be Brad Pitt and with his wife, Sue, pretending to be Angelina Jolie. After I pick her up, we continue the fantasy. We pretend that I actually picked her up and brought her home and that this is our first time. She doesn't make it easy for me and sometimes, I really wonder if she's going to go home with me and not with someone else," he said with a laugh. "It's a way for us to relive our first date, our best date, over and again. She plays the coy virgin and I play the horny seducer."

"It sounds like you're in the Twilight Zone having to relive your first date. My first date was a nightmare," said Frank. "She said she never wanted to see me again. It's weird how we ended up getting married."

"So, what was so good with your first date that you'd want to relive it over and again," asked Vinnie?

"Well, I met Helen at a bar, much like one of the ones we visit when reenacting our first date. We always hit a different bar, so that we're not recognize by a guy who may be a regular at a bar. So, anyway, we were there waiting for our blind dates to arrive, only we both were stood up. I suspect that our blind dates took one look at us and left. We were a sorry looking couple back then, when I think about it. Back then, she looked like a plain Jane librarian type. She definitely dressed like an old maid school teacher and I looked like the absent minded professor."

"You still look a little like Albert Einstein with all that gray hair, only more insane," said Nick making everyone laugh.

"At least I have hair," said Charlie making everyone laugh again. "Who knows, maybe our blind dates left with one another. I'm not the best looking guy and Helen is no Angelina Jolie, but I love her and am attracted to who she is more than what she looks like and what she looks like appeals to me, anyway, especially now, after she took more pride in her appearance. With the breast implants, diet, exercise, and the sexy clothes she wears, she looks a whole lot better than she ever has and I attribute much of that to our regular reenactment of our first date. By keeping the flame of our lust and love burning, it keeps us young."

"So, how often do you reenact your first date," asked Gary?"

"Oh, every few weeks, maybe once a month. It's fun. We'd be going out to eat anyway and we'd throw that in the mix to spice things up a bit. It makes for a more interesting evening. We haven't tired, yet, of reliving our first time together. Every time, we add something new and exciting to make it more interesting."

"I never knew that's how you two met," said Mike. "I figured you met in school, since you both work at the same school."

"Oh, that happened quite by accident, when I got a job at her school a year after we had been dating," said Charlie. "Anyway, she was sitting at the bar looking all blue and I was, too. After sitting there waiting for an hour, while nursing my drink, I asked the bartender to give her whatever she was drinking."

"This sound more romantic than it does kinky," said Steve.

"Yeah, well, let him tell the story," said Nick. "Maybe it gets better."

"It does get better," said Charlie, "at least as far as Helen and I are concerned. I don't tie her to the bed like Anthony does with Ramona, but we more role play in the way that Bob does with Sue. Now that I think about it, I guess it is more romantic what we do and how we do it. By reenacting our first date, it's like we have our first kiss and our first intimate time with one another over and again. Not to mention, with all the practice we do over and again, the sex just gets better."

"How do you mean," asked Dave?

"Well, I was clumsy with her the first time, too grabby, and I didn't give her enough time warm up and to respond in kind to my moves. Now, I'm much more of a lover. Already knowing what to expect and what she likes, by the time I remove her clothes, she's dripping wet for me. I give her oral sex, something that I didn't do on our first date but something that she looks forward to now, and she makes me hard with her mouth, before we go at it like animals in heat. Where the sex wasn't that great on our real first date, now she has an orgasm with each reenactment. Then, she gives me what I want, of course, a blowjob," said Charlie with a wide smile. "It works for us. It's fun."

With the television muted and the football game still in halftime behind us, you could hear a pin drop. The room was so quiet after Charlie confessed his and Helen's sexual preferences.

"Who wants to go next," I asked. "Who wants to confess to the group what their sexual peccadillo is?"