 For years now, I've had a cabin in my head. When life brings me down I take a few minutes and go to my own private retreat. My cabin isn't terribly fancy, in fact from the outside it's quite plain. Set back at forest's edge, it's miles away from everything but trees and a small stream that runs off to one side. There's no television, no computer, not even a phone. Absolutely no ties to the outside world; no way for me to reach anyone, and no way for anyone to bother me. 

What it lacks in modern technology is more than made up for, however. The entirety of the living room is shelved, and on those shelves are all the books I've ever read or wanted to read. Well-cushioned armchairs and a long deep-seated couch are arranged here, allowing for hours of comfortable reading. A large picture window takes center stage of one wall. Across the room is a fireplace, in front of which lays a soft rug. I've spent a lot of time in this room reading, enjoying a nice fire, or sometimes curled up on the couch watching an amazing lightning storm.

Off the living room through a swinging door is the kitchen. It's a small but cozy room, equipped with all the various gadgets and appliances typical to any kitchen. A small round table and two chairs sit before a window with a view of the stream and meadow in the back. I've occasionally sat and enjoyed coffee or hot chocolate while watching all manner of woodland creatures pass by, or even the simple beauty of a snowfall. 

The bathroom would be a surprising sight for newcomers. The shower takes up an entire corner of the room and is equipped with dual showerheads and a bench seat. The center of the room is dominated by a massive sunken tub, large enough for my five foot eight frame to float in comfortably. There's a supply of candles and all manner of scented bath gels for me to enjoy when I need desperately to relax.

But my favorite room would have to be the bedroom. It's dominated by a massive canopy bed that sits in the center of the room, its black wood frame draped by blood red gauzy fabric that hangs down over the sides. It's the only furniture in the room, apart from one small chair angled with a view to the center of the bed and small tables adorned with candles. This is the room I come to when I feel a need for private time. Many a fantasy has been played out in that bed.

I write this because I want to take you there with me, want to share my cabin with you. In fact, I already have. Let me tell you about it.

I invited you to my cabin for a get-away-from-the-world week. It was just the two of us, isolated together and free to do whatever we wanted. The first day was spent getting acquainted face-to-face, the air around us charged with nervous energy and something more. You made no secret of watching my every move, and I in turn made it no secret that I wanted you. With every word, every small gesture, every slightest innocent touch the tension between us grew. 

Mentally deciding I could take no more I rise from my place next to you on the sofa, announcing my intentions to take a shower as I slip off my shoes. I walk from the room slowly, unbuttoning my top as I go, throwing a glance back your way with a small smile as the thin fabric slips from my shoulders. You sit for a moment more before following, finding my discarded jeans in the short hallway. Upon reaching the bathroom door you find my bra hanging from the knob, and a smile creeps across your lips. You push open this final obstacle, the sound of rushing water filling your ears. 

Looking to the corner you notice my panties on the floor in front of the shower. I'm already under the steaming water, seemingly unaware of your presence. You stand and watch me as my head tilts back into the stream, my skin glistening as my fingers run through my hair. Slowly you remove your clothes, not taking your eyes from me. You approach quietly and open the shower door. I give a small smile as you enter and take a seat. 

Neither of us speak as I begin to wash my body, the fragrant soap covering my wet skin with a million tiny bubbles. I wash slowly, soaping my breasts and down my stomach, bending for my legs, rising up for my thighs. I close my eyes and lean back against the wall as my soapy hands move between my legs. The suds rinse away as I begin to pleasure myself, one hand sneaking up to my breasts, massaging the flesh as my other hand slips over my wet folds. 

You sit entranced as a soft moan escapes me, watching my fingers slowly sink between my lips. I bring one foot up to rest next to you, treating your eyes to a close-up view of me touching myself. My hand moves with practiced ease, rubbing and teasing as it's done so many times before, moans louder and punctuated by fevered panting. The hand on my breasts squeezing them now as the movements of the fingers between my legs gain speed. I begin to fuck myself while you watch, whispering of how I want you, how I need you. 

You stand upon hearing this, and in one fluid motion you remove my hand and replace it with your cock. My hands grab for the bar set behind me, steadying myself, one leg still up on the bench as your hips begin pumping into me. My moans echo off the walls back to us as we both watch your cock slip in and out, the hot water pouring over our joined bodies. All too soon I feel my body tense, my silken walls clamping around you as I lose control. You stop buried deep inside, moaning with me, adoring this most intimate of massages. 

You move then and resume your seat on the bench, pulling me down to my knees in front of you. Without hesitation I purr and lower my mouth onto you, lapping at your shaft with my soft tongue, tasting myself on your cock. I swallow it then, taking it deep, my tongue seeming to find every nerve at once as I slowly suck you. Your fingers run through my wet hair, and as your palm comes to rest on the back of my head I moan against you. 

I've wanted this for so long, dreamed of it, and I do my best to let you know exactly how much with the movement of my lips and tongue. I pull back to tell you how good you taste, running my tongue in circles around the head, plunging my mouth back down over your shaft. I watch your eyes as I suck you deep, your moans of pleasure serving to spur me on, to pleasure you more. I lay my tongue flat against the shaft as my head bobs faster, my hands coming up to massage your balls and run my nails against your thighs. 

My whole body begins to move in time with my mouth, wanting desperately to please you, to make you cum. You push my head down onto you with a long low moan, and my body tingles as I feel you jerk in my mouth, your cum flooding the back of my throat. I swallow greedily with each new spurt, feeling the strength leave you as you slump back against the wall. When I'm sure there's nothing left I lick every inch of you clean with long swipes of my tongue.

We resume our shower, spending a long time beneath the water together. Holding each other, washing each other, enjoying the closeness. Eventually we step from the shower, our skin wrinkled and pink from the water. We slip into soft cotton robes and make our way to the bedroom, where we light every candle before climbing onto the bed. We lay together in the center of this massive bed, cuddling and talking in the candlelight, content. Laying in the warmth of your arms I feel myself growing drowsy, and despite my efforts to fight it I eventually drift off to sleep.

When I awake it's to the feel of your mouth on my breasts. My robe lays open, my body exposed to you, your own robe discarded at the foot of the bed. Through the haze of my recent nap I watch you slowly lick and suck first one breast and then the other. I move slightly and sigh, and you look up at me with a smile before kissing your way down my stomach. 

Gently you part my legs with your hands, crawling down to rest between them. You kiss your way up one thigh and over to the other, your fingers trailing your mouth. I close my eyes with a soft moan, getting lost in your touch. You lay a series of soft kisses on my outer lips, obviously teasing me. Finally your tongue moves against them softly, barely grazing the skin. I shudder and look down at you, and you smile again before gently biting my thigh. My hands move to my breasts, caressing them as your tongue slowly creeps between my lips. 

With an achingly slow movement you lick from my opening to my clit and back down, repeating this process until I'm shivering and soaking wet. You let out a small chuckle, enjoying the effect you have on me, and graze your teeth over my lips. I suck a breath between my teeth with a hiss, my legs seemingly on their own spreading further apart. 

You take that moment to plunge your tongue between my lips, finding my clit and flicking the tip against it. My back arches at this, a wordless moan like music to your ears. My hands get rougher, squeezing the ample flesh of my breasts, pushing them together and rolling them apart. You continue your artful assault on my clit, alternately licking and sucking, driving me half-mad with the intense pleasure. Your tongue snakes its way down to lap at my opening, licking the neverending flow of my juices. 

With a sudden movement you slip it inside me and my body jerks involuntarily as I feel you caressing the edges of my inner walls. I cry out, one hand moving down, my fingers running through your hair. You pull back to whisper of how much you love the taste of me, and how much you want to make me cum. My only response is to moan once more as your tongue again teases my clit. You bring one hand up and begin to tease me with your fingers, barely slipping them inside and pulling back, grinning to yourself as I beg you for more. You finally oblige, sucking my clit between your lips and plunging two fingers deep inside my absolutely soaked pussy. 

My body tenses as I squeeze them hard, a long moan broken by panting issuing forth as I climax. You continue to fuck me with your fingers through my orgasm, watching them glisten with my moisture as they slip in and out. Your voice soft but commanding, telling me to cum, urging me not to stop. Your words a blur to me as I lose myself, my head thrown back against the pillow, my mind completely focused on your fingers curled inside me, plunging in and out, every nerve in my body seeming to cry out. I cum again on your talented hand, the pleasure so intense that I begin to scoot up the bed away from you. You slow your movements, bringing me down, finally slipping your soaked fingers from inside me and crawling up next to me, allowing me to suck them clean.

We share a kiss, my tongue snaking over your lips and mingling with yours, tasting myself as I slowly roll you onto your back, moving with you until I'm straddling your hips. Slipping the robe from my shoulders and throwing it to the floor, I reach between us and grasp your cock. I run the head between my soaked lips and up to my swollen clit, rubbing myself against you with a soft sigh. I shift my hips, your cock poised at my entrance, moving my hand as I slowly sink down onto you. Inch by delicious inch you slip into me, my silken wetness intoxicating. 

I stop for a moment once you're completely surrounded, our eyes exchanging lust-filled looks as my hips begin to move in small circles. Your hands come up to my breasts, squeezing them, pinching the nipples, caressing their softness as my pussy caresses the hardness of your cock. We move this way for what seems hours, the candles burning low as we continue this intimate dance, my body reaching peak after peak. Finally you can stand it no longer and you pull me down, throwing me onto the mattress and wrapping my legs over your hips as you slam inside me once more. My hands grasp and tangle the sheets as you fuck me hard and fast, your moans more like growls as you pound into me. 

Our mutual voices filling the room with the song of sex, our pleasure mingling into a crescendo. I'm the first to break it, cumming hard around you as you continue to move within me, my nails finding your back as I practically scream with orgasm. You fall atop me then, wrapping your arms around my back and pulling me into you, your voice in my ear urging me on. You bite my neck, and before I've had time to recover I cum once more, my pussy now squeezing your cock almost painfully. Your lips press to my ear again with a groan, and you lose yourself within me, spilling yourself inside me, causing me to cum again with you. We hold each other tightly, revelling in each other's pleasure as well as our own. Slowly we come down, exchanging soft lingering kisses. 

You slide over next to me, pulling the covers over us as I curl into your body. And there we drift to sleep in the waning candlelight, entwined in each other's arms.

And so ends the first day of our week together.