 She walked into Murphy's Tavern, my favorite bar, and ordered a Bud Light. She sat 2 stools away from me and she was beautiful. Julie is 32 years old with gorgeous hazel eyes and blonde hair. She has a large chest for her 5'4" frame and tonight she had on a tight pair of jeans and a t-shirt that was way too tight for her 38C's. I have been fantasizing about Julie for a few months now, and she never notices that I'm even there.

It's been about 2 hours now and Julie has 3 guys buying her drinks. She has a dazzling smile and she has been flashing it a lot tonight. She's been on the dance floor with each of them, and it seems that she is going to take the tall dark haired guy home with her tonight. They walk out of the bar arm and arm. Another night that she has no idea I exist. 

"She ignored you again?" I heard the feminine voice say from my right. I looked over and it was Meredith, a sort of friend of mine from the bar. 

"Yeah." I replied,a little downtrodden. Meredith is a 5'6" blonde, with subtle highlights in her hair. She is an an account representative for a local manufacturing company and is a very pretty woman, but not a knockout like Julie. Meredith is of average build and her breasts are about a 38B. She has a nice ass that fills out her black slacks well.

"You have to stop beating yourself up over that chick." Meredith said. I don't understand what you guys see in her. Yeah, she is beautiful with a great rack, but she takes a different guy home every night and she is full of herself." 

I replied, "I know all of that, Meredith. I just can't figure out why she wouldn't pick me for a night?"

"Listen John, you're too good for her and she doesn't deserve a good guy like you. If you notice, she takes home the bad boy type, and they treat her like shit. When she finally realizes that, there will be no good guys that will want to be with her." 

Meredith was right of course. Why would I want to be with the slut of the bar? I don't want to be where a thousand other guys have been. "Can I get you a refill?" I asked Meredith. I saw her glass was just about empty.

"Yeah, thanks." she said. I called Frank the bartender over and bought her a rum and Diet Coke and also had him get me another Bud and a shot of Jameson's.

I chatted with Meredith for a while and she told me that she just broke up with her boyfriend. Neil. I asked her what happened and she said, "That bitch that you pine for slept with him 2 weeks ago." My eyes and ears perked up. She continued, "Julie got him drunk and seduced him. I found out when I heard him talking to her on his cell." 

"Sorry to hear that. Are you ok?" I asked.

"I'm fine." she replied and continued to sip on her drink.

It was about 3 am and I was a little buzzed. I asked Frank to call me a cab and told Meredith I was heading out. "I'll split the cab with you, if that's ok?" she asked.

"Sure, that would be great." I told her. The cab arrived and Meredith gave the driver her address first, since she lived closest to the bar. On the ride to her place, Meredith put her hand on my thigh and looked me in the eyes. As I stared into her baby blues, I understood what she wanted. The cab pulled up in front of her building and I paid the driver and we both walked into the lobby.

We got into the elevator and during the smooth ride to the 6th floor, Meredith pressed her warm lips to mine and slipped her tongue into my mouth. My hands slid down her back and rested on her ass and I squeezed the firm cheeks. The doors opened and we walked down the hall, hand in hand to apartment 622. Once inside, Meredith was on me again, our tongues doing their dance.

"Come with me." Meredith said. I followed her into her bedroom where she lit some candles and I sat on the edge of her bed. After she finished lighting the last candle, she turned to me and started to take off her blouse. I just stared as she removed the satin blouse and dropped it to the floor. Meredith kicked off her heels and then unhooked her slacks. They fell to the floor and she stepped out of them. She was standing before me clad in only her white bra and matching thong. I never really looked at Meredith in a sexual way before, but looking at her now, I began to feel my cock come alive.

Meredith stood in front of me and I reached out to touch her body. I was like a kid in a candy store, as I explored the smoothness of her tanned skin. Meredith tugged at my shirt and pulled it over my head and tossed it next to her pile of clothes. She knelt down and yanked off each of my sneakers and socks, and then I stood so she could remove my jeans. "This can't be happing to me?" I thought quietly to myself, as I felt my jeans and underwear fall to my ankles. I stepped of them and Meredith stood up. I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her close to me as I kissed her neck. My hardening cock felt hot against her cool belly, 

I was kissing Meredith's neck and shoulders and I reached around to unhook her lacy bra. Once it was out of the way, I saw a pair of magnificent breasts. There were no tan lines and her breasts had no sag to them. The nipples were bright pink, and I found out how very sensitive they were when I flicked my tongue across each one. Meredith pulled my head close to her right tit and I sucked and teased her nipple as she moaned. 

My hand slid from her tit, down her abdomen, and into the flimsy thong. I cupped her mound with my hand and felt the heat radiating from her damp, hairless snatch. I slipped my index finger into her and got it slick with her juices. I withdrew it and I lightly rubbed it over her clit. Meredith had her hand on my cock and was tugging on it and getting it hard. I removed my lips from her tits and I tore her thong off of her slim waist.

I turned Meredith until her back was facing the bed, and I lowered her onto it. I stood at the foot of the bed and put Meredith's legs over my shoulders. I placed my throbbing cock at the entrance to her wet pussy and pushed. The head of my cock split her labia and disappeared into her. Meredith let out a gasp and I slowly inserted the rest of my swollen 8 inches until my balls rested against her ass.

I began to pump my cock in and out of her steamy pussy. Meredith's rignt hand went to her pussy and she started to rub her clit with two of her well manicured fingers. With her legs over my shoulders, I was able to pound into her deeply. My thrusts got quicker and so did her fingers on her hard clit. Meredith's eyes were shut tight, and her breathing was fast and shallow. 

Meredith was rubbing her clit in a frenzy as I slammed my meat into her. "I'm gonna cum!" Meredith squealed. No sooner did she say that, her body tensed and she grunted. Her pussy was contracting to the point where it gripped my cock and prevented any further movement. Her fingers kept up their assault on her clit, and she showered my abdomen and my cock with a warm stream of her cum. She was a squirter! I have never experienced a woman having an orgasm like that. It was very intense and very exciting to watch.

As Meredith's pussy relaxed around my cock, I continued fucking her. There was more than enough lubrication now, and my balls were slapping against her wet ass. Meredith's breathing was still shallow, and between breaths she said, "Fuck me Baby! I love they way your cock fucks my cunt!" A few thrusts later, I exploded, filling her drenched pussy with jets of my hot cream. 

When I pulled my twitching cock from Meredith's sloppy pussy, she sat up and took me into her warm mouth. She cleaned our combined juices from my cock and balls. Meredith picked up her torn thong and wiped it across her pussy in an attempt to clean herself off. 

"That was amazing!" I told her. 

Meredith replied, "I have never cum like that before. I mean, I have expelled some cum, but never in a powerful stream like that!" Meredith fell back onto the bed and she was lightly rubbing her swollen pussy. Some of our combined juices began to seep from her depths and oozed into the crack of her ass. 

"Here, let me get that for you." I said. I brought my tongue into her folds and lapped up her leakage. She spread her lips open for me and gave me access to her bright pink cunt. She pushed out what she could, and then stuck two fingers inside to pull out the rest. She sucked and licked her fingers clean each time she coated them with our combined cum.

I laid down on the bed, and Meredith crawled on top of me. Her pussy was at my face and she lowered her lips to my limp cock. She took me into her warm, wet mouth and slowly brought me back to life. She lowered her pussy to my lips and I licked and sucked on her clit. Every now and then my tongue would dart into her tight ass, and Meredith would let out a little moan.

My cock grew as Meredith expertly sucked on me. "I need you to fuck me with that gorgeous cock of yours, Joe." and Meredith positioned herself on her hands and knees. "I want you to take me from behind!" she demanded. 

I knelt behind her, and pushed my hard cock into her sodden cunt. Meredith gasped as I impaled her in a single stroke. I pulled out until only the swollen head of my cock remained inside of her, and then pushed all the way back in. As we fucked, she would push back onto me each time I thrust inside of her. We quickened our pace and my balls we slapping against her wet pussy. Meredith's breathing was raspy and she was close to her second orgasm.

"I want your ass." I told her, and I pulled out of her pussy to her dismay. My cock was super slick with her pussy juice and I pressed the head of my cock at the tight entrance of her heart shaped ass. Meredith spread her ass apart with her hands and I pushed. It took a little coaxing, but I got the head of my cock past the tight ring. Meredith let out a whimper and I stopped my movement, to give her a chance at getting a bit more comfortable.

"Push it in slowly". She said. I spit on the shaft just to give it a little extra lubrication, and eased the rest of my manhood inside of her. 

I was buried deep inside Meredith's firm ass and I began to thrust in and out. She relaxed and started to push back on me, the same way she did when I fucked her cunt. She reached back between her legs and let her nails graze across my balls, and then let her fingers settle on her pussy. 

As I fucked her gorgeous ass, she fingered her cunt and rubbed her clit. I was giving it to her good and hard and Meredith shouted, "Fuck my ass. Fill it with your cum!" I rammed harder and harder into her colon. I was beginning to feel my balls tighten with my orgasm when Meredith shouted, "I'm gonna cum!" I grabbed Meredith's hips tightly and fucked her now loosened ass for all I was worth. Her fingers rubbed at her clit as the first wave of her orgasm hit. Her orgasm caused her ass to clench down on my aching cock and I began to erupt into her. We were both grunting as we came. Her juices flowed down her legs and my sperm jetted into her bowels. 

My cock continued to spasm and twitch inside of her ass. There was a large wet spot on the sheets from the flow of cum that came from Meredith, and both insides of her legs were slick as well. We were both panting, and sweat dripped from my brow. My waning cock slipped out of Meredith's ass and we both collapsed onto the only dry spot on her bed. Meredith turned back to kiss me and I cupped her soft cheek, pulling her towards my lips. 

We both fell asleep as the sun was coming up. We rested for a few hours and Meredith rose and ran us a hot, steamy shower. We soaped one another as we kissed, caressed and fucked once more. I asked Meredith to be my girlfriend as we dried off, and she happily accepted.

A week later we were back at Murphy's tavern having drinks and laughing. Julie walked in the door and ordered her usual. A few sips into her drink she turned to me and said, "This is your lucky day." and asked me to dance.

I looked Julie directly in her eyes and replied, " You're right. This is my lucky day." I turned back towards Meredith, took her by the hand and with smiles on both of our faces, we walked towards the door. As we exited, I turned and saw a stunned Julie, sitting alone, her eyes cast downward at the grimy bar floor.