 This is a continuation of Meredith Ch. 01. Please refer to that to catch up to the story. I apologize profusely in advance, as this is only my second attempt at the genre of erotica. 




Needless to say that after all that had happened in the shower, I was a little excited. I finished up, got dressed and ran upstairs to grab some breakfast. Meredith's parents were sitting at the dining room table. Jay, her dad, was eating a bowl of Cheerio's. Pam, her mother, was eating what looked like a bowl of oatmeal. 

"Having fun?" asked her dad.

"Oh, yes sir," I responded, thinking about what he might say if he knew what I had been up to with his daughter just a couple feet underneath him.

"Please, call me Jay. Sir makes me feel old."

"OK, Jay, sounds good."

"Now Tom, how would you feel about a little golf game today?"

I was a bit apprehensive, seeing as the fact that I had played golf a total of 3 times in my life, but I agreed.

"Excellent, our tee time is 1:30 this afternoon."

"Great."

Somehow I had now gotten into a golf game with the man whose daughter had seduced me in the shower that morning. Not that it took much seducing on her part, seeing I was already attracted to her. We wouldn't have to leave for a couple hours, so I headed back downstairs where the boys were just waking up. We hung out for a little bit before I headed off with Jay to the golf course.

We had a decent day. I shot about a 105, which was very good for me. On the way home Jay asked me a pointed question. "Tom, do you have any interest in my daughter?"

While trying to keep a good poker face, I responded. "Well she's very attractive, but I can't say that I've thought about starting a relationship with her."

He sat there, silently, apparently thinking. It seemed like an eternity before he said something. "Well that's too bad. I really like you Tom, and I think Meredith does too. After all that happened with her last boyfriend, I think she realizes that you have to be very careful about who you choose to date. Derek was a very bad egg in the end. Is it that you're already in a relationship?"

"Well I'm sorry to hear that about Derek. No, I'm not in one at the moment. My academics take up so much of my time that they're practically like a girlfriend."

He chuckled at the joke. "I remember those days. Well, just so you know, you have my approval if you ever want to do anything with Meredith."

"Thanks. It's like being pre-approved for a loan, huh?" I immediately regretted what I'd said, since lets face it, it was incredibly corny.

He, however found it to be funny and laughed. I guess some he was in finance, it tickled his fancy. The rest of the ride home was uneventful, and we discussed a number of topics. By the time we got home, it was already too late to go to the beach, so instead I played a little Xbox with the boys. I thought about what Jay had said, and maybe he was right. I just wondered if we could ever actually have a relationship without hurting Ben's feelings.

That night Pam made dinner, which was wonderful. She made steaks, with a butter pasta and eggplant parmesan. The house had a big, long table, and we all sat there for dinner. The parents sat at one end, conversing about old friends, gossiping about current events, and just ignoring us in general. Things at our end were a little different. Us boys talked to each other, mostly about cars, video games, technology, all around boy interests. The girls chatted to each other about general girl interests. 

I happened to glance across the table and Meredith gave me a mischievous look. She decided that she wanted into our conversation. "So I heard you shot a 105, Tom. Really trying to impress the old man, huh?"

I could see where she was taking this. "Well, I just played like I normally do and had a couple of shots fall on the fairway."

She rolled her eyes to indicate her disbelief. "Sure, like we believe that."

Morgan apparently thought that this was a good time to change the subject and asked, "So do you guys want to watch a movie tonight? The downstairs living room has a huge TV!"

I was so glad that Morgan changed the subject. I couldn't get a read on Meredith. Was she just trying to keep up appearances for Ben's sake, or was she schizophrenic? The discussion turned to what movie to watch. The girls, of course, wanted to watch some romantic chick flick. We boys wanted something with a little more action of course. I can't remember what movie we settled on, because I couldn't focus on the movie. In the span of a day so many big events had happened. A girl that I'd only been friends with before, but had always been interested in, had gotten into the shower with me. Her father had then proceeded to pretty much tell me that he would like me to date her. What the hell was going on?

I had trouble sleeping that night, but eventually fell asleep. I awoke the next morning to find that the boys had already left, either to the beach or maybe to do some running. As usual, I got ready to get in the shower, wondering if something similar to yesterday would happen today. As I headed to the bathroom, I passed by the girl's room. As I passed I heard Meredith call out. 

"Where do you think you're going Tom?"

I turned back and nudged the door open. Mer was laying on the bed, under the covers. Morgan was nowhere to be seen. "I was going to take a shower," I responded.

"I've got something I need you to do first." she said. Now is a good time to say that Meredith's voice was really sexy. She had a deeper voice, but not too deep. It was also ever so slightly raspy, which gave it a wonderful quality.

"Oh yeah?"

"Yes, come over here and I'll tell you what it is. Oh and don't worry, Morgan went with the parents, and they're shopping. Ben and Micah went to some sand volleyball event, so we have the house to ourselves. Also, I'm on the pill so don't worry about any unwanted consequences, at least not of that kind."

I walked over to the bed and sat down next to her. She put her hand on my hand. "I want you, Tom." She sat up and leaned over to me, kissing my neck. From there she left a trail of kisses up my neck and face until she reached my lips. Her silky smooth lips met mine and it was like fireworks. We continued kissing until she reached for the bottom of my shirt. We parted lips while she pulled my shirt off. I reached for her t-shirt and pulled it off, revealing her breasts, those perfect, round breasts. She kissed me again, this time deeper. I reached for her breasts, cupping and kneading them. This brought a groan from her lips, which was muffled by our kiss.

She started to put her hand on my chest, draw circles around my nipples, and tickle me ever so slightly. It was a divine sensation. We kissed passionately for a long time before Meredith broke off. "Are you ready to go further?"

"Yeah, lets do this," I was nervous but felt an overwhelming attraction to her.

We both finished stripping down and stood before each other naked. "You've got a really nice body Tom."

"Thanks, you too."

I led her over to the bed and layed her down on it. I kissed her on the lips, then down her neck and shoulders. I cupped her breasts before kissing them, taking time on each. I licked and nibbled on her nipples. She was already getting excited, I could feel her body tensing. I reached down between her legs and found that she was already wet. She groaned and moaned, her back arching in the pleasure she was experiencing.

"Do you like that?" I asked

"Mmhmm" she responded, not able to talk.

I continued, kissing my way down her stomach to her beautiful pussy. I planted a delicate kiss on the tip of her vulva before she spread her legs, admitting me to her most intimate region. I delicately spread her lips. I kissed her clit very softly, which made her moan even more. Licking and nibbling brought her even more pleasure. I continued doing this until she was on the edge. I backed off a little, wanting her to experience this feeling.

"No don't stop, I'm so close", she pleaded with me.

"Do you want me to fuck you, Mer?"

"Whatever, just let me cum!" she cried out.

I rubbed my penis, to get it up to full power, so to speak. I gently inserted my cock into her, eliciting a deeper moan. I began to gently push my cock into her, slowly but steadily. My cock slid in and out with ease due to the wetness that I had brought on earlier. She continued to writhe in pleasure, massaging her own breasts. I continued to increase the intensity of my thrusting. We were both nearing our climax, and I began to feel her hips moving in rhythm with my thrusts, increasing my pleasure. She cried out and came. Shortly after I came inside of her. 

I collapsed onto the bed next to her. It had been an frenetic couple of minutes and after cumming, I felt very tired. Mer spoke first.

"That was incredible, you're amazing," she laughed.

"Yeah. You're good as well."

We laid there for what seemed like hours, but in reality was only a couple of minutes. "We should get in the shower and head down to the beach", suggested Meredith.

"Sounds like a good idea", I responded. I was ready for a second round.

The shower was much like the day before's. Mer shared with me that she had really cum twice, and so felt that she owed me a blowjob, which she administered in wonderful fashion. She took time on the tip, where the sensations felt twice as strong. I came in her mouth which she seemed to enjoy immensely. 

After we got done, we went to the beach. Meredith was wearing a bikini that, while not overly slutty, did provoke some fantasies in my mind. Little did I know what was awaiting me.

Next time: Morgan figures out what's going on, and she wants in. Also, more character development and sex. I've learned a lot and am ready to apply it.