 My mind is running on my friend, casual lover and erotic artist client Dulcinda. I have just posted the story of one of her most unusual encounters, called 'Sexu-all,' but not long after that event she involved me in another encounter, which involved her and her new inamorata. This was a sensitive business because it resulted in the defloration of a girl who was, technically, a virgin. If the qualification for that is not to have taken a penis into the vagina. The young lady, despite her little-girly presentation and speech, was otherwise far from innocent.

Dulcinda was in love. But, after much courtship and sexual activity, the girl would not yield up her virginity. And much as Dulcinda relished cumming on her friend's pussy, breasts, bottom, all stations from mouth to thighs, she yearned to empty some of, or, better, all of, her spirituous fluid into that sacrosanct cunny. Which led her to appoint me the agent of change, who would somehow open that shrinking slit-slot to her agonisingly tumescent tool.

Jennifer had, partly thanks to Dulcinda's prompting, embarked on a series of acrylics about the couplings of mythical sea-beings. She was only nineteen, at art school, where Dulcinda was one of the visiting teachers. It was arranged that she and Dulcinda would bring some of this marine erotica for my inspection.

Jennifer turned out to be barely five feet tall, and sylph-like, her bosom and bottom scarcely disturbing the fall of her short, tight green dress. She was, apparently, pursuing the oceanic interest in her appearance as well as her art, because her long hair and eyebrows were dyed sea-green and her plump mouth was lipsticked in the same colour, and her cheeks were similarly shaded. As she had hazel eyes, the suggestion of sea-creature was complete. 

Her movement was appropriate, too, since she floated around the gallery, surveying the pictures., while Dulcinda and I propped her paintings against the walls. They were vivid to the point of dazzlement and finely detailed.

The first exhibited a mermaid, blonde, unlike her creator, draped face-down over a seaweed-girt rock. Every scale was precise, and the areolas round her prominent nipples showed those little roughnesses and irregularities that nipples have, my own included. Her position offered her rounded rear surface to a hairy, satyr-like triton, with a lashing green mer-tail. From the upper limit of that integument, a pubic region boasting a shaggy coat of green hair, there protruded an enormous penis, also green and scaled. Its tip, shaped like a fish-head, was lodged in an interesting crevice in the mermaid's bulbous rear. This consisted of an open, vertical, salmon-pink gash in the scaling, with a frilly edge like the interior of a fish's gills. 

'Mermaids sit on rocks, don't they?' said Jennifer. 'Well, if they're sitting they must have bummies, and why not have a sort of twatty in the botty? I think it's invisible usually but opens up when they're going to have fuck.'

'I wish yours would open up and have fuck,' said Dulcinda.

'She's told you about me, then?' Jennifer asked me.

'She has, yes,' I said. 'But we can talk about that when I've seen more pictures.' 

In the sequel, the triton was deeply embedded and a froth of a frogspawn-lie substance was spilling out of that interesting opening, round the base of the cock. Evidently, he had ejaculated hugely. The fascinating extra detail was that where the overflowing substance spilled into the sea it hatched into tiny mermaids, exquisitely portrayed from every angle, already well breasted and long-haired.

'Well, there have to be more mermaids,' said Jennifer. 'They aren't immortal.'

Another painting showed three mermaids drawn up in row, backs upwards, just beyond the reach of the waves on a sandy beach. The middle one was positioned so that with shoulders lifted she was able to offer enormously extended nipples to the openings in the plump rears of the other two. In its sequel those nipples were lost entirely, so that the big round breasts rested on those scaly cheeks. And frothing out from beneath them, clearly from the merginas, there was foam like that of wave-crests.

'They're all having mergasms,' commented Jennifer. 'Do you like the mercunties?'

'Ingenious,' I said.

'There's these other sea-babes, called Nereids,' she went on. 'I did a couple of them.' 

I turned to the items indicated. The first showed a slender, green-haired and pussied female submerged in the ocean, beneath, and half turned upward towards, a dolphin. Her arm was round him, and his penis was buried in her bottom. In the other, two similar females were closely clasped, faces between each other's thighs, their impossibly long green tongues in each other's vulvas. Large pointed clitorises were trapped between fingers and thumbs.

'They were all sisters,' the painter said. 'So, they had to look alike, and I used myself as the model. Course, I haven't got a green tongue.'

'But the clit's right,' said Dulcinda. 'It's the biggest clit for a small girl you ever saw.'

'I'd like to see that,' I said.

'You might,' Jennifer said, 'I'm not shy. How do you like my pussy? I had to study how the hair waved about in the bath.'

'Her pussy-fur is amazing,' said Dulcinda. 'Green, naturally. She doesn't trim it and it spills out of her knickers like that triton spunk out of the mermaid.'

'You'll see if we strip,' Jennifer said, apparently taking it for granted we would be stripping. 'I love my pubies, though they aren't as hairy as my mum's. Course, hers aren't green and she does cut them.'

This girl seemed to have no inhibitions about speech and nudity, so it was a little surprising she wouldn't have cock-in-cunt congress.

'I like your work,' I told her. 'We can take all you can do, and give you a fair price.'

'All right. But I know that Dulcinda wants you to persuade me to fuck all the way, and I may as well tell you I like sex with women, too, and I quite fancy you. I think you quite like the idea of me nudie, too.' And she kicked off her (green) trainers and pulled the dress off over her head. No bra, but you can guess the colour of the knickers.

She said, 'Titties are little but there's the fluff round the panties.' Which there certainly was. The thick green bush even showed as a bulge in the knickers. 'Go on, then, you two, let's see yours. Course, I know Dulcie's pubies, but let's see yours, Normie.'

Dulcinda was undressing, rather slowly. This was partly because she was trembling, clearly hoping for something wonderful. When she stripped her usual lycra shorts her huge cock dangled against her thighs, half-erect and quivering as it slowly filled.

'She expects me to let that great trunkie into me,' said Jennifer. 'Look at the size of it. I'm only little, it'd split me in half.'

I locked the gallery door and was quickly naked. I pointed to the little rest-room off the gallery. We crowded in and sat in a row on the single bed I keep made up for such occasions and for when I work late.

'Let's have a look, then,' Jennifer said. 'Nice pubies, Norma. Good and thick and dark, a little forest to wander through. And your titties are lovely. Those nippies are nearly as long as my mermaids' ones.'

'That's because they're excited,' I said, 'And yours aren't shrinking, are they?'

'Those perk up pretty well, even though my titties are so tiny.'

'They're delicious,' said Dulcinda.

'I like Dulcie's boobies, too,' said Jennifer. 'Neat knobbies on them, as well.'

'D'you want to find your way through my little jungle, Normie? I'd like that.'

'Her clit's not just large,' commented Dulcinda, it makes her cum in three licks.'

Jennifer lay back on the bed without more ado and opened her legs. The full extent of the puss-bush came into view. It stretched from just below her navel and was long enough to need combing. Dulcinda, sweating and shaking as never before in my company, moved aside so that I could bury my face in that prolific nest, seeking the promised clit. 

'That's the way, Normie,' Jennifer said. 'You do my nippies, Dulce.'

Her clitoris was, indeed, huge, already erect, standing proud of the vulval cleft, like a little acorn. I could take it between my lips and tongue it with ease, and hardly had I done so than Jennifer's crotch thrust up into my face and she said, 'Here I go, girlies!' And she took in a deep breath and held it while the orgasm spread.

'No problem with the cumming, anytime,' Jennifer said. 'Give it a minute and I can go again. Then I want to see Dulce fuck in you, Norma. She loves to do that, and she thinks it will show me that any cunty can take any cocky, even one that size. And I certainly like to watch, like I sometimes can when my mam has fucky with a man. Course, I usually have to make sure he doesn't know, but she says it's more exciting that way, knowing I'm watching.'

'You seem to have a close relationship with your mother,' I said.

'Oh yes. She taught me to masturbate and I can use her dildy when I want. I like to use it when she's just used it. Makes me feel as if we're sharing the cumming, same as we share everything else. I know she'd like to share a cock with me. Dulcinda's especially.'

'But if you can get a dildo in there, a cock, even a big one, should be no trouble.'

'That's what poor old Dulce says all the time. But it's not the same. I'm a virgie, even though my hy-thingy is history, because there's been no cockies in there. If I let one in I'd be different, sort of committed to letting more in, not the same any more. I love Dulce, I really do, and I love to make fucky-love with her, but I just can't take that last step. Not yet, anyway. And look at her! She's so charged up she'll explode. For goodness sake fuck her, Normie.' 

She sat up and moved so that I could lie down. I hardly had time to open my legs before Dulcinda fell on me, shaking and gasping. Her cock jabbed at my bottom and thighs till it pushed into my vulva, and she drove home with a shout and came at once, her cock jerking and her bottom bucking under my hands as I pulled her in.

'Thank you, Normie,' Jennifer said. 'Did she need that! But what about you? That's only two cummies and there's three of us. Can I lick your clitty?'

'In a minute,' I said, 'Dulcinda can probably come again, not so quickly, and you can frig my clit and suck a nipple and that'll do it. I'm hovering on the edge already. And do you allow fingers in your cunt, because if you do I'd love to come with a finger inside you.' 

'I love fingers up there,' she said. 'I'll probably come again, too.'

Dulcinda said, 'I love all the ways there are of coming, but sooner or later I've got to have cunt. Even arse isn't quite so good. I haven't had cunt since I was on that ferry with Hilary. Now I'm in yours, Norma, I feel sane again.'

'She's frustrated, you see, because I haven't let her do cum inside me. I feel bad about that, but, well, I just can't do it yet. Thank you, Normie, for letting her fuck it out a bit.'

'She's still good and hard,' I said, 'She doesn't go down till she's empty.'

'Do you like her being in there?'

'I love it. Nothing beats a cock, I can tell you. Fingers and dildoes are fine, but cock is best, partly because there's a person attached. You'll find out for yourself eventually. Dildoes don't cum, either, and they don't swell and pulse and blow a load onto your cervix.'

'You certainly make it sound good. But look at Dulce, she's ready to blow another load in there. Go, Dulcie, go! Let me see you come out and go in again. I like that, when blokes pull back and push in.'

'If you lie beside me, Jennifer, I can finger-fuck you.'

She was soon there and I was soon making my way through that little green jungle and into the mermaid's grotto. 'There'd be no trouble in slipping in there,' I said. 'Plenty of sea-slime in there.'

Dulcinda slowly withdrew all the way, and she and Jennifer watched her glide back into me, and Jennifer said, 'Oh, I love to see the cocky sink into the cunty. My mam likes to watch it going into her, too, with the man leaning back like that. That's good, Normie. I can feel the cummy on the way. Thumb on clitty. Yes, like that. Go in and out Dulce.'

Nothing loth, Dulcinda slid in deep and drew out a dozen times, till Jennifer said, 'Can you cum, Dulce? I want you to pull out and start your cummy and then drive in and cum more.'

Dulcinda said, 'What about Norma? Can you fix her clit, Jen?'

'I've got another idea for Normie, if she'll just let you do her again first.'

'There's no hurry,' I told them. 'I'm just enjoying what's happening. I want to make Jennifer cum.'

'I will when Dulce shows us her spermy.'

After a few more thrutches, Dulcinda drew out, her great organ glistening with my lube and distended to the max, and as she lunged towards my pussy her aqueous liquor began to spurt, hot on my labia, and at the same I felt Jennifer's cunt begin to flutter.

'Pussy cum, pussy cum,' she gasped. 'My pussy cum. Lovely, lovely.'

And with a groan, Dulcinda slammed into me and jetted against my cervix.

'Good cumming, girls,' I said. 'There must be a gallon up there, too.'

Dulcinda lay on my breasts a while, then slowly withdrew, releasing a little flood down into my bum-crack. At the same time, I drew my fingers out of Jennifer and sniffed them. They smelled suitably of the sea. Jennifer lay still, breathing gently. Then she said, 'Do you like scissoring, Normie? Because I can do it. There's a lesbie at college who taught me. None of the other girls will help her, but I felt sorry for her at first. Now I love to do it with her. She's a bit fat, but it's the only way she can come. I've tried tongue and fingers but that only goes so far, and then she has to feel another clitty and a slidey pussy against hers.'

'I haven't done it much,' I said, 'But I liked it. It's not all that easy to get the clits together, but it'll be fun to try. You seem to know how, anyway.'

Dulcinda sat on the end of the bed to watch, as Jennifer and I womanoeuvred into position. In case you haven't come across what we were embarking on, it's sometimes called Tribadism, which means two women rubbing clitorises. The commonest way is to adopt the missionary position, as if a man or transsexual is to enter the woman beneath. I have enjoyed this with several women, above and below, though I appreciate a finger or two up my cunt or bottom at the same time. 

The other position, scissoring, is not approved of by all lesbians, but, as a multi-sexual woman, I prefer it, because the overall genital contact is greater. The women are at right-angles to one another, legs interlocked.

Because I was larger, I chose that my left thigh would be downmost, with Jennifer's right thigh crossing it as near the top as possible. My right thigh then lapped over her left thigh. We squirmed our pussies together and the sensation of that furry mons and slippery vulva on my vulva nearly tipped me over. A little wriggle and our clits were in contact and we began to flex against each other. There was something so exquisitely intimate about this that I felt tears pricking my eyes, and, indeed, Jennifer wept a little onto my breasts. 

'What else, sweetie Normie?' she asked.

'Finger in crack, if you can,' I said.

'Same for me, up my botty.'

This was easier to achieve for me, because her bottom was held off the bed by my leg, and I soon had a finger up her cute little arse. She managed to reach round and under and probed into my crack. I clenched my cheeks on it.

'Tracy tends to grind,' Jennifer said. 'I like it more gently, and this is perfect.'

I switched the target. Her vagina easily took two fingers and I moved them in and out with the rhythm of our rocking and pressing.

Dulcinda knelt beside us and watched closely. 'Beautiful,' she said. 'That is one of the most beautiful sights I have ever seen. You must paint it, Jen.'

'The cummy is almost there,' she said. 'You're going to come, aren't you, Normie?'

'Yes,' I said. 'I love the way our syrup is mixing and greasing our pussies. It's running into my crack. Your finger is slippery with it. Do you like to stop with the cum or keep frotting? Never mind, you'll show me.'

'Oh, Normie, I love you. I love you and I love Dulcie. Dulcie, please do cum on us.'

Dulcinda was long since fully erect again and easing the skin up and down her shaft, and, as she splashed onto us both, we came, pussies jammed tight, bottoms clenched hard. 

We lay trembling, shedding a few tears, her head on my breasts, my hand stroking that sweet little bum. Dulcinda moved to take my head on her bosom and we lay spent. Then Jennifer said, 'Dulce, my darling, I do so want you in my twatty. You know that, don't you?'

'Yes, of course. And eventually you'll be able to.'

I said, 'Is it just having the cock in you, or its coming in there that matters? After all, if it just rests in there it's not much different from a dildo.'

'But it is different from a dildy, isn't it?'

'How far in does it have to go before it counts?' I asked. 'If it just parted your pusslips and didn't go further, would that be losing the cherry?'

'I don't think so. It just mustn't go into the twatty itself.'

'Supposing it came there in your vulva and some sperm went in. Would that be bad?'

'I don't think so. Dulce has come on my vulvy hundreds of times, and some of its gone in there all right.'

'Would you let me hold Dulcinda's cock so that it nestled in your labia and came, but I would stop it going in?'

'Could you do that?'

'Yes. The danger is that when a cock comes, it wants to plunge into the pussy. But I would keep it out.'

'That sounds nice,' she said. 'And I know I can trust you not to let it go in.'

After a short rest, Dulcinda was ready again. She got between Jennifer's legs and slowly brought her cock towards the forested gash. I took hold of the cock and guided the tip into the vestibule. Dulcinda said, 'Toss it for me, Norma. I love it when you toss me, and the feel of that sweet hot slippery vulvy on my tool is wonderful. Toss away.'

It occurred to me to toss Jennifer's clitoris, too, so I had both hands in play, which meant I could grab with both if Dulcinda could not resist the urge to plunge home. Almost all penises tend to locate the paradisal portal by jabbing until the cock finds its way, like a heat-seeking missile, into the outer reaches, and then instinctively slams home. Humans are no different, and, indeed, I have always loved that moment when a cock parts my labia, receives the good news it is safely lodged and drives on into me.

Dulcinda was in no hurry. After the urgency of the first one or two orgasms, especially the cunted one, she could relax a little and enjoy the slow gathering of the next. She murmured in pleasure as my hand slid the skin along and back along her great shaft, and Jennifer watched with increasing excitement, too, her clitoris hardening further, which I found intoxicating.

'If someone's got a spare hand, I'd welcome a finger on my clit,' I said, and they both reached for it. 'Yes,' I said, 'Work it together. That's something new. I love it.'

We entered a timeless zone of enjoyment, near-hypnotised by the shared rhythm and murmurs of appreciation, attention focused more and more on the sensations under the skilful, resourceful fingers. But at the same time acutely aware of each other's accumulating nervous arousal and excited by watching what was happening. 

Till eventually Jennifer said, 'I can't hold back any longer, or I'll be ill. Finish me off, Normie. Press harder. Yes, more rough. I'm cumming, clittie-cumming.'

At the same moment, my own clitoris flowered through my body in orgspasms. 

As they ebbed, 'That's it!' Dulcinda said, as I felt her tool rigidify and start to pulsate as the ejaculate began its way down the tube. 'Harder, Norma. Grip tight as I - oh, yes, it's here!' And there was a moment when I had to push hard against her pubic bone to help her hold back, as her nearly colourless cum spurted in a series of gushes into and overflowed around Jennifer's vulva, and her organ throbbed and jerked in my hand. 
