 Foreshadowing:

It's late Fall; and you've arrived in Stowe, VT. You're staying at a nice upscale hotel, in a room rented by the Manager of the nearby airport. This by the way, is my part-time job. 

*NOTE: Thank you, Sir L. Sagramore, for your invaluable assistance!

*Now ~ to the story*

"Good Morning, Mr. Symthe-Granger. This is Vicki from the Front Desk? You asked that an 07:40 wake-up call be given? 

"We have a very nice, complimentary Continental Breakfast being offered, would you like one sent up? Good! What would you like? 

"Hmmm," Vicki said somewhat thoughtfully, "I'm not sure we have that on the menu, but I'll do my best to find out; and if we do, I'll send it along to you. Ok? All right then, let me get that order of yours started." Smiling, I ring off the connection and dial the extention of Room Service.

After placing your order, I ready the desk for the next shift and prepare to leave for the day as I am the Night Shift Desk Manager. About five minutes later your tray arrives, as does my shift relief. 

"Good morning Neil, and thank you for bringing this to the desk. I'll take it from here." 

I smile at the young man who brought the tray. After a friendly greeting, Neil inclines his head in my direction, turns quietly around, and heads back to the Dining Room area and the kitchen beyond. I then turn back to finish up the desk and greet Kris, my shift relief.

"Good morning, Kris. You're looking sharp this morning," I say, smiling and straightening her tie.

"Good morning to you too, Vicki." Nodding in the direction of the tray, "Yours," she continues questioningly.

"Sort of," I reply, and smile at her quizzical expression. Having gained the other side of the front desk, I quickly take the tray, and with a small wave to Kris, I head for the elevator bank and press the UP button. 

As the doors glide open quietly, I note that there are NO passengers; only a RS trolley that someone left, so I step inside and wait for the doors to close behind me.

Putting your tray down on the trolley, with slightly shaking hands, I press 8, and let my breath go on a quiet sigh. I realize I'm nervous; mainly because I've never done anything like this either for, or with, another hotel patron.

As the elevator glides upward, I quickly raise the skirt of my uniform and remove my black lace panties. Then, lifting the cover from one of the dishes, I place them on the empty plate beneath and replace the cover.

The elevator doors open soundlessly. I pick up your tray, and step out onto your floor. Feeling deliciously wanton and wicked, I turn to my left and head down the hall to Room 800 - last door on my right. Steadying the tray on one hand, I knock with the other.

"Room Service," I call out.

The door whisks open, and you stand aside to usher me in, slip the Do Not Disturb sign on the outside of the knob, quickly close it, and slip on the chain, as I place your tray on the table, which also serves as a desk.

"Good Morning again, Mr. Smythe-Granger. I trust you rested well."

"Good Morning yourself, Miss Phillips. Mmm, something smells devine. What's under all these covers, dear?" 

At your eager glance from me to the tray, I continue, saying, "If you'll look under the medium-size cover there, you'll see I was able to find that specialty item you requested. It was not on the menu as I had suspected."

You look at me in some surprize, as you say, "You were able to find what I asked for?" A devilish glint appears in the corner of your eye as you lift the medium cover and give a whoop of jubilation.

I have busied myself with placing your breakfast onto the table by the window and sliding the heavy drapes open, leaving only the liners closed, as the room is filled with soft sunlight and a gentle breeze flutters the liners.

You have crossed the room and have come to stop and stand almost directly behind me. You take the last few steps and reach to pull me back against you, and press my back against your chest, quickly slipping your hands inside the blazer of my uniform.

"Mmmm, how can I ever thank you for the special item you found?" You ask me this as your hand finds my breast.

Cupping first one breast, then the other, your palm is branded by each of my erect and hardened nipples. You press your arousal deeper into me through the material of my skirt. One hand slides down to the hem of my skirt and you raise it slowly, as your fingers glide upward feeling the texture of my nylons under them. It's an erotic feeling; one you savor.

Your hand stops when it reaches the top of my thigh-high nylons; feeling the cool skin of my thigh. You then inch your fingers toward the "v" between my thighs and soon feel warmth and wetness. 

Pressing your fingers into my thigh, and with the slightest of pressure, you signal me to open them and allow you further access.

I oblige and do as you request. As you hear the rustle of the skirt lining against the top of my nylons, you continue your move inward, and are further rewarded as you feel a slight slickness to my thighs as you inch ever closer to your goal.

As I am leaning against your chest, my lower arms and hands are held between us. I feel the warmth of your body heat thru the material of your bikini briefs and draw a sharp intake of breath as you push your arousal harder against, and slightly into, my rear. 

I expel a quiet breath and a small groan, as I turn my wrists slightly, so I can hold your hardness within my grasp.

You moan softly against my ear, and I inhale a sharp, quick breath, as you quickly slip the middle finger of your right hand up my wet slit, teasing and taunting me, making me want more, then bringing your hand from under my skirt.

I watch, in fascination, as you bring that finger to rest just beneath your nose, and inhale deeply. Your eyelids close slowly as you savor the scent of my nectar. 

You lean forward and pulling me hard against you, you thrust your tongue deep into my mouth. Your hands glide over my skirt, caressing my rear and pulling me up against you as you grind your arousal on my already tender clit. 

You now use both hands as you caress the cheeks of my rear. Finding my skirt a hindrance, your hands move in a hurried fashion to the waistband, find the slipclasp, and undo it, and then the hidden zipper beneath it, then let it fall into a navy blue/black pool at my heeled pump feet.

My once cool-to-the-touch skin is warm where your arousal is pushed against it. Your hands find their way back to my rear, and you find the crack and slowly start to run your finger down it. 

You find the spot you were seeking, and after quickly running the tip of your finger into the wetness you find near there, you push the end into that tight spot. 

You give a throaty chuckle as you hear my sharp intake of breath, and start to push your finger deeper. Slowly you enter me, millimeter by millimeter, riggling it sinuously as you push. I moan deeply and open my mouth as our tongues begin to dance and mate.

My hands are still holding your arousal, and I push the material of your briefs away in one quick motion; letting them fall to your ankles. You now stand there, naked before me.

I gently cup your hot balls, feeling your juices roil and boil, making your balls heavy and hard. I slip one hand around your hard cock, and the other holds your balls. 

As you start to finger my tight hole; I start to slide my hand up and down your shaft and lightly milkcaress your hard and heavy balls. You moan into my mouth as your knees buckle ever so slightly.

You nudge me backwards to the bed and turning slightly, you sit down pulling me with you until I'm sitting in your lap. In order to get us more into the center of your bed, you realize you're going to have to remove your finger. 

Slowly and reluctantly you remove it and we move up the sheets toward the still rumpled pillows. 

I have had to let go of your cock and balls so we can move; but once settled against the pillows, I reclaim what I was holding. With me lying next to you, facing you, you reclaim my rear. Like this, you find you can push your finger deeper into my tightness. But you need more wetness.

Quickly removing your finger from the tight well, you are about to roll me over onto my back, when the sight of my hands, working your privates, stops you. You love the feel of my touch. See how your cock responds to it? You watch, somewhat spellbound, as it jumps and quivers at each loving stroke. 

You see the droplet of pre-cum forming at the top of the slit, and you hope I'll lean forward and take it with my tongue, or my finger. Your hands, resting on my knees, gently push my legs open farther, and, walking on your knees, you bring yourself closer to me. 

Now that you are closer to me, you don't have long to wait for your answer. Holding your cock before me, my mouth opens and I slowly bring your nine inch cock closer towards it. As you watch your cock slowly slide between my lips, your right hand glides down the inside of my left thigh, and finds my wett well.

You push your finger deep inside and start to finger my pussy. You are soon rewarded as you hear and feel the juices suck against you, and then the familiar pull as my muscle grips on you at the welcomed intrusion. You lean into me, the movement pushing your cock deeper into my mouth and your finger deeper into its wet, velvet prison. 

The scent of my sex is heavy in the air, pushing you to want more. You push another finger into me, and you smile when my legs open wider for you, and you hear the short, sharp, intake of breath. The squish of my juice, as it sucks at your fingers, is the only sound in the room. 

You give a low, throaty chuckle when you feel a fresh, hot surge of liquid cover your thrusting fingers and seep outward, disappearing between the cheeks of my rear. 

Inching closer to me, so as not to pull your cock from my mouth, your fingers seek to follow that stream into its dark delta.

You quickly dive your fingers into the warm pool, pushing them in deeply so as to be sure they are well coated. Then you make to follow the rivulets back down to the delta. Sliding your hand between my legs, and just a bit further back from my pussy, you find another smaller pool at the mouth of that tight hole.

"Baby," you call out low, "come bend over in front of me, would you?"

In order to do so, I let your hardness slowly slip from my mouth, giving the mushroom head one more loving flick-lick before I do. 

Quickly divesting myself of my blazer, blouse and tie, I see you sitting on the end of the bed, waiting, a hand outstretched to me. I walk over to you and taking your hand in mine, you walk me so that I stand in front of you, facing the mirror atop the dresser.

Without a word, you urge me to bend forward. I do as bid, and then I watch, in quiet fascination, as I see your hands spread my legs farther apart so that my pussy is just about level with your mouth. 

I continue to watch as I feel, and see, you open my pussy lips, and, inserting two fingers deeply, you thrust them a few times then you withdraw them. I feel you drag your hand back toward you, then as you spread the cheeks of my rear apart with your left hand, I watch you as you are watching me. 

Sinuously you insert the soaking wet middle finger of your right hand into my tight hole again. You're in your own heaven as you feel the hole clamp down on your wet finger. 

Rising and standing behind me, I watch as you come to rest your chest on my back, and bring your left hand around front to my pussy. As I stand before the mirror watching us, I watch as you open my pussy lips and expose my swollen clit to your gaze. 

You slide your left hand down it, and then slide between my wet lips, into the velvety wetness beyond my opening. You quickly put yet another finger into that deep pool and begin to thrust. In, out; back and forth you move. 

The finger that you've slipped within the virgin tightness between my cheeks, moves in perfect rhythm. You watch as I stand before you and I begin to lose control. You love the feel of my hips bucking and rocking as you have me double impaled.

"Mmmm, that's it baby. Let go. Cum for me, for us. I want to feel your cum."

My pussy grips your fingers and pulls them deeper, as I move my legs further apart, and lower my upper torso so as to be almost flat. You know, from the wett slickness of my thighs and the wealth of liquid that surrounds your fingers, that I'm building toward another orgasm. 

Still you continue to finger-fuck me with two fingers still buried in my womanhood and one in my tight hole. 

"Oh yes, baby," you call out, "cum for me!" 

You quickly take your finger from my tight hole, and dive back into the hot liquid filled well in front and take it back to my tightness. You slowly salve the tightness teasingly, and then re-insert it again.

You remove the two fingers from my sopping wet pussy, and push just the middle finger deeper, and crooking it, you being your stroking anew.

"Oh, baby! You're so wet. Cum good and hard for me. This one is just for you."

With that said, you stand and remove your hands, without warning. You bring me backward to the end of the mattress, positioning me so as to make sure you still have access to my tight hole. Satisfied with my position, you begin your assault anew.

Bending over me, you take a nipple between your teeth and lightly nip at it, sending shooting sparks to both my pussy and my rear. With my legs spread wide, you climb between them and lower yourself to your elbows and knees. 

Then, spreading the lips of my sodden pussy, you push your finger deep into my pussy, finding my g-spot again and again. 

You inhale the scent of my heat, and bend forward to sample the nectar that has flowed from my velvet valley and now coats my swollen and throbbing clit. You pull that swollen clit between your full lips and flick your tongue across it, once; twice; and once again. You are quickly rewarded with a flow of hot juice.

You pull your finger from its haven, and quickly insert your tongue, diving for my g-spot. You lap at my cum as a kitten laps up milk. You moan deep in your throat as you feel my muscle grip along your tongue, refusing to let go.

Slowly you withdraw from my tight hole as well. Then rolling me over onto my elbows and knees, once again facing the mirrors, I see my ass is level with your mid-section. You watch the mirrored reflections as you bring your cock to my dripping wettness and slowly move its head up and down along my wett slit. Then you drive your hard, throbbing cock deep into my wet love well.

You are immediately gripped in a velvet vice as you begin to move in and out of my wett tunnel. The only sounds filling the room are the sounds of my juice as your cock moves in and out of me; and the sounds of our breathing. Your own climax is close, and you bend over my back as you grab my hips and take me in a doggie style position, pulling my ass into your groin. 

You slide ever deeper now, in this new position. Your own sweet release is not far away. You feel it building again as your testicles become tight and your cock becomes thick.

You look up to see me watching you thru Sapphire slits. There is naked want in that gaze, and it stirs you to drive in deeper.

"Baby? Are you ready to cum together? I can't hold on much more. I have to let this go."

At my slight nod, you begin to fuck me harder, driving your cock first to the left, then right; then deeper. You start to withdraw your stiff rod with its swollen head, but stop right at the ridge of your cock. 

Our gazes lock in the mirror and you start to fuck me again, but this time you let just the head enter me as the shaft rubs against my hard and swollen clit.

The scent of my sex wafts up between us, assailing your senses, and your nostrils as you bend forward and whisper in my ear, "I'm going to cum now, baby. I'm going to fill you with my explosion. Do you want me deep or right where I am?" 

For my answer, I grip along your hard, thick, filling cock with my love muscle; pulling you deeper. Your cock drives into my pussy, as you pull my hips down onto it and your raging erection enters me hard and fast.

Seeing my ass before you, the middle finger of your right hand seeks andenters the tight hole it was in earlier.

Riggling your finger as it enters my tightness .. I grip both your cock and your finger within velvet prisons. This grip sends you over the edge, and you start to empty yourself into my deepest recess. 

You've managed to find the bottom of my wett well, and repeatedly touch it with the end of your cock. You groan loudly as you start to fill me, unable to stop your pumping of either your finger or your cock. 

Wanting to empty every last drop of your cum into me, you pick up a faster rhythm, making certain that every last drop is given. You thrust your still spurting cock into me again and again. 

You feel yourself held, deep within as you cum; in a grip that refuses to let you go ... milking your juice from you. You feel your load start to slow its spending, as we move in unison to lay in a spoon position. Your semi-soft cock rests near, but not out of, the opening of my pussy lips, and it twitches as the occasional spurt is released. 

We drift off to a pleasant slumber, for now; if only to rise and repeat our love-making in a short while.

Softly you hear me murmur, "What a lovely tip," then chuckle to each other.

"A tip worthy of such exceptional room service, my dear," you murmur low against my ear.