 Chapter 1

Just Business

There is nothing like coming into work one day and being told that your company has just purchased another and that you are needed to be in another state the next evening for an inventory. That's the way Jack's day began in early October. Management was told to assemble a team of fellow employees for the task. Jack had no chose in the matter but some were ask to go but could not due to prior obligations, some were scheduled off but volunteered themselves for the extra money that they would be paid. Morgan was a volunteer. She was a young woman, quite attractive and needed the money. They were told of what time to be there for the inventory and then Jack decided on what time they would need to leave. They gathered the next day around 10:00AM for departure and all piled into a few cars. Jack had one guy from his department, one who was contract labor and Morgan with him. They were off.

The drive was only about two and one half hours and the inventory began at 5:00PM. The early departure left them with time to check in their hotel, eat a late lunch and arrive at their acquisition to survey any possible issues. The drive was uneventful as they all talked about what to expect with possible scenarios of the condition of the new store. 

After lunch they piled back into the cars and headed to their destination. The building was nice and clean. The department Jack was in charge of was in very good order and if the others were managed the same way, this would not take long. They got lucky with this one. Everything went as smooth as silk. Jack's team was finished with his department in a couple of hours while it took the accounting department until about 9:30. Because of their early finish they decided to get drinks from a local club that they were told of by their new business partners. The ownership told them that they would be needed to stay until the weekend to help those remaining with the company with the transition and not to stay out too late. They didn't plan on it since they thought they would be headed home the next day and were going to take this time off, but with having to stay, they figured on being in bed around midnight.

After arriving at the club, which was much smaller than expected, those who came settled into a booth near a corner. The club had a small raised dance floor with a few couples slow dancing to the music. They weren't necessarily in rhythm, but they were moving while clinging with their partners. Paying closer to the layout Jack had decided that the club was formerly a strip joint, the polls positioned on the dance floor was a dead giveaway.

The drinks they ordered came quick enough and the conversation about nothing particular began. They were undoubtedly far more relaxed with being here than they probably should have been. As Morgan and Jack ordered their second and third rounds the dance music changed from slow snuggle music to a sexy grind and the folks that were with them found a partner and took to the floor. Morgan and Jack continued to sit a share small talk. They were both married and didn't feel comfortable dancing together, especially with the affects of the alcohol taking its toll on their senses. There was no reason for tempting fate. That being said, Jack couldn't say that he didn't notice that Morgan was looking quite hot. He didn't know if it was because of where we were, the drinks or just the fact she was a woman and they were alone now in a night club, but he did know that he didn't need any more drinks.

The provocative music and alcohol began to be more than Jack cared to endure, so he decided to return to his room. It was only about 11:00 but he feared that he might say or do something that he shouldn't. The hotel was only a couple of blocks away so he decided that he should go. He got the others together and told them that he was leaving and to make sure that Morgan got back to her room safely since she was the only woman with them. The guys assured Jack they would and he told them all good night.

He wasn't drunk or anything, but the cool October night air felt good as he walked. He was definitely feeling warm back at the club. Morgan was very sexy and she knew it. The way she had dressed proved that, not that she looked like a bar tramp or anything. She knew how to show off without showing all. Jack couldn't keep his eyes off of her. He hoped that she hadn't noticed. He was just glad that they sat across from one another. If she had sat beside him, she might have seen that he had to continually reposition himself from the affects of arousal. "Hey, Dummy, we're here on business" he told himself.

He decided to take a shower to remove the smell of the bar and hopefully clear his thoughts of what a sexual encounter with Morgan could have been like. The shower definitely made him feel better but it also woke his tiring mind. Jack decided to watch a little TV but did not find anything that sparked his interest. He moved to the balcony to enjoy the night. It had been about an hour after leaving the club when he saw the others returning to the hotel. They were all there and Morgan would be safe. Morgan, the thoughts of her returned. Why? Were there that many animalistic tendencies in man that when all was said and done, sex was the ultimate goal? Jack tried to put the thoughts away by asking himself, "What would a young beautiful woman in her mid-twenties find of interest in a guy in his early forties"? The answer was nothing. But that didn't help his situation much at all. He went back to the TV and started watching Sports Center but all they were talking about was soccer. Flipping the channels again he stopped on an adult movie channel. What the hell. He could watch this. He knew it would build images in his mind of Morgan and him; it's only fantasy, right? The movie was quite lame, the plot was bad, the acting even worse, but there were some very hot scenes as could be seen from the bulge in his boxers. "Damn. What to do with this?" he thought. He decided that it was lights out. Tossing and turning for awhile, sleep finally came. 

Chapter 2

The Temptations Grow

Breakfast the next morning at the hotel was good. Jack's body felt the lack of sleep from the restless night. That third cup of coffee was finally taking hold. Morgan had come down with the others and joined Jack. Morgan plopped down beside Jack. She and Jack were always friendly with each other. They flirted back and forth but that was all. The flirtations were just a way to break the tensions of the day that arise from dealing with customers that most likely do not understand all of the services provided and constantly need the charges explained. Hearing this fifty plus times a day will practically drive someone over the brink. Composure is a must when dealing with the public. 

The ventilation in the hotel's restaurant was very good. Jack couldn't smell the greasy bacon being cooked in the kitchen. The smell of Morgan's freshly washed hair was filling his nostrils. The thoughts of the night before while at the club and later alone in his room were now flooding his mind. Why were these booths so small? Did she have to sit by him? She probably felt that she did since Jack was the only one that she knew from the company that was on this trip. The booth was so small that Jack could not help the fact that his leg was touching Morgan's far more than he was sure that she was comfortable with. It never appeared to bother her, but it had to. Maybe she understood there was no more room for him to slide over. With his last cup of coffee gone, Jack paid the bill and they left for work at this unfamiliar place. 

Things went smoothly again. The employees there were very receptive to Jack's team being there and excited about the opportunities that Jack's company offered. Lunch was uneventful as was the rest of the day. The ownership told them everything was good and they would be able to head back home the next day. They all decided to go to the club again. Jack decided that he would not drink on this night. He was sure the thoughts that he had had of a sexual rendezvous with Morgan were brought on by alcohol. 

They all met in the hotel lobby. Jack's jaw nearly dropped to the floor. Morgan was dressed to kill. She wore a short black skirt, with shoes to match. The hot pink top that she wore was revealing to say the least. Jack could tell that she was going to let it all hang out. He tried to talk himself out of going, and told the others he had changed his mind. They all called him a puss, including Morgan, and that he was just an old fart. He could deal with the Geritol and Centrum Silver comments, but being called a puss was mean. He thought that was definitely too old for dancing and shit, but he was not a puss. 

They sat in the same booth this time with the same waitress attending to their needs. A couple of them ordered mixed drinks, Morgan a beer and Jack a Coke. They all laughed at him and told the waitress to bring him a glass of milk with some cookies. She laughed and even Jack forced a snicker, but Coke it was. He would maintain his senses tonight. After about three or four rounds of drinks, the drunks to be decided it was time to dance. They took the courage they had gained from the alcohol and went on the search for their prey. Morgan remained seated next to Jack. She had stopped drinking after her third beer so she was well in charge of her thoughts and body. Jack was thankful of that. He needed her to keep her wits too. As they sat and talked the music began to work on Morgan. Her body began to move with the rhythm no matter what the song. She asked Jack to dance with her, but he said no. He told her that he couldn't really dance. She accepted that for awhile, but her soul just would not let her stop dancing in her seat. The music kept prompting her to ask him and she prodded until he caved. She pulled him by the hand to the floor and they, well, she began to dance. Jack looked somewhat like a paraplegic, as if he couldn't move from the waste down. That didn't stop Morgan from having her fun. She danced liked she loved it and Jack could tell that she did. She was young and he was past that stage in his life. 

The song "White Horse" started to play and this put Morgan into provocation mode. She was going to make Jack have some fun whether he liked it or not. She moved her body trying to get him in the dance mood. He knew the song all too well and in his younger day had danced to the song many times; but that was then. Jack began to move his feet a little so that she would possibly not push him so hard. That didn't work. She just smiled, leaned forward and said to him "that's it". He had forgotten however; how long this song was. The sight of Morgan dancing was working on Jack. Her body flowed with every beat as if she was the music. Because of the surroundings, the music and the mood, she began touching Jack on the arms. She was encouraging him to be more compliant, to loosen up a bit. She did so by stepping in closed and placing her hands on his waist and straddling one of his legs and grinding there on his thigh. 

This was too much. Jack was loosing control of a situation that he thought he could handle. The sight of Morgan's tits was killing him. Why did she have to get this close? Why did she have to look so hot? Hell, why was he dancing with her any way? The song finally ended. He needed to sit down. He had hoped that she hadn't seen what she was doing to him. He couldn't help what was happening to his cock. No man can hold back the wood when a hot chick is was grinding her hips and all into him. He excused himself. He went to the restroom to splash some cold water on his face. To bad he couldn't have a cold shower right now. After composing himself, he returned to his seat where Morgan was already waiting. Jack smartly positioned himself opposite her since there was no one else sitting. She was most certainly still flirting with him. The things she said, how she leaned in to speak and the glitter in hers eyes told Jack that she had gotten herself worked too. 

It was getting pretty late so Jack told Morgan that he was going to go back to the hotel and he would have the other guys walk her back. She said that she was ready to go and would just walk back with him. Once they were outside, the night air again refreshed his body and thoughts. He was able to talk without having to yell over the music and the visions of the gorgeous woman that had danced with him began to slip from his mind as he took in the sights of the closed businesses and cars driving past. He walked her to her room, told her goodnight and went to his room just two doors down. He opened the door and crashed onto the bed. Jack was glad this trip would soon be over. No he wasn't. He could get back to work and all would be normal. The thoughts of that goddess would dissipate. He forced his tired body from the bed to wash off the bar room smell. He showered and went to bed. The thoughts of Morgan returned to him, but he was able to sleep. Jack had not noticed that his room door did not latch itself. 

Chapter 3

Couldn't Sleep

Morgan was in her room still wound up from dancing. She had also showered and was trying to get some sleep for the drive back. She went to bed without dressing. She couldn't sleep. She was excited. The grinding on Jack's thigh had done a number on her. She told herself she was just trying to get him to loosen up and have a good time. That's all it was. Bullshit! She was hot for sex and she wanted it now. How? Where? She told herself that she would survive without sex for one more night. Bullshit! "I don't want to go back to the club and pick out a guy and fuck his brains out; but I need dick, and I need it now." That is what her body was telling her. In her mind she knew she needed to refrain.  

In bed she tossed from side to side. She couldn't keep her mind off of sex. It wasn't Jack that she really wanted. She wanted her man but he wasn't here. Her excitement would not subside and she could feel herself getting wet. There was a yearning from deep within; a passion that had to be satisfied. It had to be tonight. It had to be now. Jack would have to do. "What if he is asleep? Would he be willing?" Of course he would be willing; he's a man. "What am I thinking? I can't. I must!"

She slipped on some sweats and a tee over naked body and stepped from her door. She reached and put her hand on Jack's door before knocking. The door moved. "Oh, God, What do I do?" She asked herself. No, this is wrong. She turned and went back to her room. Leaning against the inside of her closed door, she was thankful she stopped. "But his door is open, I need to at least close it" she thought. What if I were caught? How would she explain why she was awake and at his door? Her mind went back to the desire that had carried her to his door in the first place. It was sex; that human desire that has turned into a need. We won't die if we don't have it; we just think that we will. She should go back and close the door. 

That need to be satisfied took control. She must have sex now. She will have sex now. It will be with Jack and he will give it to her one way or the other. She wonders how. How can she make him comply? She thinks out loud. "I need to tie him down; but with what?" She rummages through her bags; nothing. Looking around she sees her tennis shoes. The light goes off. Shoe strings will work. She unlaces her shoes and clinches tight to the strings as she goes back to Jack's room; wondering if he had awakened since she was there last. Good. The door was still open. She enters slowly and quietly and closes the door behind her, double checking the latch. 

The lights from outside gave her just enough light to see Jack naked on the bed. He must have been affected by the dancing too. His hard dick lay on his lower torso. The wetness came back to her. She was convinced that she would have to tie him to make sure she got what she wanted. She had made a loop in each shoe string before leaving her room and gently slipped a string over Jack's hand and tightened them on his wrist. He didn't move. Moving each of his arms to their respective sides of the bed she began the task of tying them to the bed frame.

She couldn't resist the fact that she wanted to touch his cock. Slowly she traced the tip of a finger along the underside of it as she quietly crawled into the bed. It twitched. Her excitement grew. This was definitely perverted; raping a guy in his sleep. Her vision had gotten better since coming in as her eyes had adjusted. She lowered her head and this time instead of her finger, she used her tongue. She could feel this piece of meat twitch at the touch of her hot wet tongue. She used a free hand to raise jack's cock and kissed it on the head. She couldn't believe how excited she was from what she was doing. This was all new. Sure she had wakened someone from sleep for sex, but she had never tried to see how far she could go without waking him. She really expected Jack to wake, but when was the question? This now became part of the game. She kissed the head one more time before opening her mouth and taking in just the head. Twisting her tongue and giving a little suction gave her more of a thrill as Jack's hips involuntarily responded by pushing slightly upward. At his response, she deemed that it was time to take in more. She loosened her tightly pinched lips and jaws and proceeded downward. Oh he was hard. He was ready. She felt his hair began to tickle her nose and went back up; doing this several more times. She wasn't sure if he was still asleep since he became more physically responsive as well as verbally. His moans told her that this cock was not going away any time soon. It wasn't until she heard her name that she stopped. She didn't release him from her mouth; just stopped. Was he hard like this because of her? Had he wanted her this night? Of course he did, she was hot. 

Jack made no movements as to imply that he was awake. Morgan was still playing her game to see how far she could get without this happening, but she didn't want to risk him waking and going nuts and this boner that she held going away. She raised one leg over to straddle him. Taking his cock into her hand again, she lowered herself onto him. He notices but still doesn't wake. At first, she just sat there waiting to see some sort of reaction. The reaction was physical but visible. She could feel the pulsations of this cock that was in her total control. She liked this control. She then began to slowly move up and down which didn't rock the bed nearly as much as a back and forth motion would have. He felt good. She had had lots of sex but none where she was the absolute master. The bondage of her partner was working for her. She moved faster now as she wanted more physical satisfaction for herself. If Jack were to wake now, what could he do? She had him tied. She was this sexy woman giving him what every man wants. She herself started moaning from the pleasure she was getting while she was driving down harder. 

She didn't know if Jack was awake but she felt his hips begin to match her rhythm. At this point she didn't care. She changed from her up and down movements to more of a grinding twist. She wanted every inch of him to touch as many of her inner places as possible. It was working. Jack began to do more than just meet her; he was now pushing harder to get the full affect of her wetness around him. She knew now that he must be awake. No one could be dreaming of sex with someone as wet as she was drenching his balls. 

She was right. Jack wasn't asleep any more. He could see her face in the pale light of the city coming through the window. Yes he knew he should protest, but couldn't. This was wonderful. This beautiful woman had somehow sneaked into his room and had actually taken advantage of him. In the eyes of the law, it would probably be considered rape. That was until he woke and began to participate. He wanted to touch her, to take her hips in his hand, to pull her hard onto his cock, but he couldn't. He couldn't see what bound him, but he could feel them. He knew she had tied him. This added to his excitement. She could have any one she wanted. Here they were in this place, and she chose him. The tensions were building for both of them. She pounded herself against him; practically knocking the wind out of him. Their breathing became quick and loud. They were both close. His balls churned to as he felt the nearing eruption. She could feel it to and urged him. "Come on, baby. Yes. Yes." That was it. He let out what sounded like a painful groan and his release began. The feel of his hot liquid shooting inside of her set her off. Her screams were muffled by her hand. She didn't want the co-worker in the next room to know. She continued to ride him until she could no longer feel any burst from his cock. Panting, she collapsed on his chest. The beads of sweat on his chest did not bother her. She had gotten what she needed and it was a small price to pay. He was still inside of her. She slept and so did he.
