 Hi everyone,

Yes this is a form letter. Don't you hate getting them at Christmas time. yadda yadda. I am fine how are you? Blah blah blah. Well as you all know I am not the usual form letter type of person. lmao. So you are all off the hook. Enclosed is a Christmas story for you. Hope you like it. I loved writing it. Hope this letter is finding you all in good health. Talk to you later. Byeeee for now. Tam

********

It was the week before Christmas and I still was not ready. Gifts still to buy. Packing to do as I was going to spend the holidays with my parents. 

So i took the plunge and went to the mall. People galor. I hate shopping at this time of year. Drives me nuts! But anyways it had to be done. 

As i wandered around searching for the perfect gift, I saw "Santa's little shop". And children were lined up to visit him. 

I couldn't help but smile as the kids eyes lit as they got to see him and tell him their Christmas wish. I stopped just to watch. Wondering if the little girl wanted a doll or the boy a truck. 

Well, had gifts to buy and running out of time so I carried on. As I was walking away, I noticed Santa wink at me. A little odd but OK. I smiled back and started looking for that perfect gift once again. 

Time passed and I was soon done. I walked to the doors with my bags, but one fell. As I was reaching down, I noticed a hand picking it up. My eyes looked up and it was Santa. 

"Can I help you to your car?" he asked.

"Thank you. That would be great."

As we walked to my car, we talked. I knew I should know that voice. But I couldn't figure it out. When we arrived there I unlocked the door of the car. And threw the bags in. 

As I turned to take the bag from him, he pulled his beard off. Oh my God! I started laughing. It was Brandon, an old friend. I haven't seen him in ages. But he still looked as good as ever. 

We decided to meet up later. He would come over to my place for drinks and we"we would go from there. 

As I was driving home, I was thinking about Brandon. I wasn't sure what he had in mind for later, but knowing him it would be good. 

Well time passed, and I was getting dressed when I heard the door bell. Shoot, I am not even ready. I threw on a pair of blue jeans and a shirt, and ran to the door. 

I opened it and saw roses on the step. I laughed, picked them up and smelled them. Then Brandon came around the corner. He had a bottle of wine and a gift in his hand. 

His smile melted butter. I have always been attracted to him. His dark hair, dark eyes. His body, ohhhhhhhhhh that body, it was to die for. 

I invited him in. As he passed me. he leaned over and gave me a kiss. I wanted to push him to the floor that very second. But fought the urge. 

I shut the door. We went to the living room and sat down. I got some wine glasses and Brandon opened the wine. 

I kept eying the gift, wondering what was in it. He noticed me glancing at it.

"Tam, I know you too well. You hate waiting, little own surprises. Here open it. Hope you like it." 

"But I didn't get you anything Brandon." I felt bad now.

"Oh baby, you are all I want for Christmas."

I was like a kid at Christmas. I opened the package up and inside was a sexy black teddy with "crotchless panties". I laughed and put it up against my body.

"Thank you Brandon." I turned around, modeling it. I giggled.

"Do you think I came all the way over here just to see you do that? Go put it on." He stood up. Grabbed me and planted the hardest kiss on my lips. Sending a wave down my body. Wow.

"OK I will go put it on." 

I was eager now to see what it felt like on me. I ran upstairs to my bedroom. Quickly changing. Man, the satin felt like gold on me. I glanced in the mirror, and liked it. 

I walked downstairs and Brandon was putting music on. He turned as I walked in the room. His eyes bulging.

The crotchless panties revealed my very pink and wet cuntal lips. I came over to him. Pushed him to the floor. And took charge of the evening.

Part 2

I didn't undress Brandon right away. I teased him. I placed one of my feet on his chest, which abled him to see the nice view of my juicy fragrant vagina, which was ready for whatever he wanted to put in there. 

I freed one of my breasts, lowered my head, I brought the nipple up to my mouth. Looking down at Brandon, right into his eyes. My tongue drawing tiny swirls around the areola, making small goosebumps on it. 

My nipple was "fully erect". My other hand going down to my crotch. I spread my legs further as I slipped my fingers between my pussy lips.

Brandon layed there. Watching. His cock rose and throbbed as he watched. His hand grabbing my ankle and slowly moving it further up. 

He watched me bring my fingers out, all "gooey" with my juices. 

"Ahhhhhhhhh" I moaned as my fingers found my tiny pink clit. Brandon's hands moved up my legs. I gasped loudly as his hand replaced mine. 

With his other hand, he placed my foot that was on his chest to the other side of his body. He pulled me down onto him. I was on my knees now. His fingers still playing with my clit. Making it harder. Making me wetter. 

He pulled me closer to his mouth. I was in heaven. But losing control. He placed his hands on my hips and pulled me down onto his mouth. Where his tongue was waiting. Separating my pussy lips, he licked my pussy. So softly to begin with. But I knew he was there. I leaned back and placed my hands on the floor. I breathed heavier as his tongue went all over my pussy. I closed my eyes. Cocked my head to the side. Bit my lip. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh yes Brandon, Awwwwwwwwww." I screamed out.

I was in total and utter orgasm. His tongue right inside me now. I felt numb. The juices running out of me. And Brandon, laying there, sucking it up. My legs were shaking. I wanted more, but I knew I had to return the favor first.

Part 3

I realized Brandon's tongue was tiring, so I rolled off of him. I knelt beside him and slowly undid his bluejeans. 

He lifted his ass so I could remove them. His cock had hardened, and once I got his clothes off, I crawled down to it. My hand grabbed a hold of his hard member and began to slowly move up and down. 

I lowered my head. I ran my tongue along the shaft and around the tip. A drop of precum appeared and it soon went down my throat. 

I grabbed his balls in my hand as I plunged my mouth over his hard cock and started to move up and down. As I moved up my lip wrapped around and put a little pressure on his throbbing cock. 

He groans and I tasted more salty precum. As his hips started to buck mildly, I relaxed my throat muscles in order to let his beautiful manhood slide all the way in. His groans are coming more frequent and his body is starting to tense. I stopped.

Part 4

I wanted him to cum inside my pussy. I wanted him to fill me with it. I took his hand and pulled him up to a sitting position. Lifting his shirt over his head. Oh this man had a body. 

I ran my fingers over his chest. Lightly scraping my nails on it. He took a hold of my breasts with his hands. Bringing his mouth down to one. Running his tongue over it. My hands on his shoulders. 

He sucked hard making me cry out. I loved when a man sucked my breasts. It always makes me wet. And he was definitely making me wet. He switched to the other one. Sucking harder. My mouth opening, I couldn't even hear myself scream out. He stopped. 

Part 5

He reached down to my hips and undid the strings of the panties. Yanking them off. Then with his hands he pushed my teddy right off. Over my head. We were both naked now. 

My pussy needing a cock. His cock needing a pussy. Still in the sitting position and me on him, he took hold of his cock and guided it into my pussy. Slowly at first. Making me wait.... teasing me. He curled his legs around. And lifting me up, he lowered me to the floor. Taking hold my legs, he brought them to his shoulders. Thrusting his cock into me. As it got deeper and deeper. I felt like I was reaching another orgasm. 

I started breathing heavier. I threw my hands onto the floor. Trying to reach for anything to hold onto. It was so intense. I arched my back, moaning out. 

"Yes, yes, fuck me Brandon." 

He picked up the rhythm, his balls slapping into my ass. Harder and harder. Faster and faster. OOHHHHHHHHH, AWWWWWWWWWWWW.

He started moaning. I can feel the warm cum start to enter me. I scream out as my own body releases cum. His mixes with mine. He releases my legs. His body falling onto mine. We are breathing heavy. I swallowed hard. He takes hold of my face. Kissing me.

"Merry Christmas Tam." 

I laughed out loud. Knowing this was the best gift Santa would ever bring me.

The End.

Merry Christmas Everyone. Have a happy holiday and enjoy life. Huggggggggggssssss and kisssssssssessssss.

All the best in 2001.

Tam