 My wife is a restaurant supervisor. Not very exciting but she has some hot young uni students working for her.

One in particular has caught my eye. Her name is Mel and she has a tight little bubble butt you would die to get your dick between. She is also the one that seems the least interested in me and I thought would never even look twice. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a bad looking guy and I work out to keep myself in shape, but being nearly 15 years older than her seemed to put her off.

That all changed last Christmas when my wife decided to hold the work Christmas party at our house instead of at the pub like usual.

The day was hot without a breath of wind, so we moved the party outside to the pool area and rang the staff to remind them to bring a towel and swimmers.

As everyone started to arrive I was disappointed not to see Mel anywhere among the small crowd.

The party was going well, with the alcohol flowing freely and everyone stripped down to the basics lazing around the pool. The music was blasting and everyone seemed to be enjoying them selves. Everyone except me.

Seeing all the half naked uni students in their tiny bikini's and the warm summer sun on my body was making me extremely horny and my wife was too busy playing the perfect host to step inside and accommodate me.

I wandered inside and grabbed myself another bourbon. I rubbed the cold bottle across my chest and let it run over my nipples. Fuck I was horny.

Ducking into the bathroom I stood by the window, which overlooks the backyard and the pool, and eased my hard cock out of my board shorts.

I hadn't long begun stroking it when I heard a knock at the front door. Shit, I can't even wank in peace I thought, as I dragged my shorts back over my cock and tried to tuck it into place as best I could.

I ran to the door and opened it to find a very hot Mel in an even hotter bikini and a see through sarong.

"WOW," I exclaimed before realising I had said it out loud.

Mel looked embarrassed before looking me up and down and replying "Pretty wow yourself!" then "So, are you going to let me come in?"

"Sorry," I stammered reeling in the realisation she had actually paid me a compliment, and ushered her inside.

"Can I get you a beer, wine or bourbon?" I asked as I walked in behind her watching her incredible arse through the thin material. God she was hot!

"Bourbon would be great. Where is everyone? In the pool already?"

"Yeah, it's way cooler out there." I replied handing her the cool drink. She took a swig before enquiring how the renovations were going.

I told her the bedroom was finally finished if she would like to take a look, then blushed a little at how it had sounded. I was more then surprised when she flashed me a bright smile and said she would love to.

I led her into the room at the end of the hall and opened the door to reveal a freshly painted and redecorated room.

"Wow, you've done a fantastic job, you're quite handy,"

"Thanks," I gushed quite proud of myself. As I looked around the room at my work I failed to notice Mel close the door behind us.

When I turned back around Mel stepped towards me and placed her hands on my naked chest.

"Would you like to show me how handy you really are?"

Before I could say anything Mel stood on her toes and planted a hot wet kiss on my lips. I tried to question her but she just kissed harder and deeper.

I lowered my hands to her fat little arse and squeezed as hard as I could without hurting her.

Mel moaned deeply into my mouth before I pushed her back against the wall and lowered my head to her chest, pulling her little swimmer top to the side, and wrapped my hot wet lips around one of her pointy little tits. I felt her nipple go rock hard between my teeth. 

I replaced my mouth with my hand and started kissing down her tight stomach to her swimmer bottoms, before stopping to untie her sarong, and bury my nose deep into her swimmers. Fuck she smelt good. She already had a wet spot on her swimmers to show how much she was enjoying herself.

I pulled her pants to the side and drove my tongue straight into her wet cunt. Mel gasped and I felt her legs give a little. I pulled my tongue back out and started to suck on her hard clit.

Mel let out a soft whimper as I entered a finger into her tight pussy as I kept licking at her clit.

I could hear her begin to pant as I felt the heat rising inside her. She was just about to cum when Mel grabbed my fingers and ripped them out of herself and shoved them deep in her mouth.

"We don't have much time and I really need you to fuck me," Mel looked crazy with lust as she striped out of her bikini bottoms.

I pulled my boardies to my ankles; my hard 71/2 inches sticking straight out to attention.

Mel licked her lips as I spun her around and pressed her face up, against the wall.

I spat in my hand and rubbed it up my pole before bending my knees a little and finally let my cock rub between the perfect round globes of her arse. I nearly came there and then.

"Stop fucking around and give it to me hard," ordered Mel needing to cum more than ever in her life.

Not wanting to disappoint I slid my cock forward till I found her wet slit and drove it into her as hard and as deep as I could.

We both let out deep moans as I began to pump in and out of her tight twat .I grabbed a hand full of her golden hair to steady myself as I picked up the pace.

Mel started to rub her clit furiously as she told me she was really close. I wasn't far off cuming myself so I stuck my finger in my mouth and lubed it up.

Without missing a stroke I parted those glorious cheeks and slid my finger into her perfect little arsehole.

With a howl, Mel came hard on my cock. Her cunt muscles grabbed my dick and started to milk it as her butt clamped down hard on my finger.

I quickly pulled out of her pussy and spun Mel around. She dropped to her knees and took me deep inside her sweet little mouth.

Sucking hard I blew a huge wad of cum deep into the back of her throat. She swallowed every drop before licking all our juices off my cock and balls.

She stood and kissed me deeply, while she adjusted her clothing.

I threw my shorts back on and thanked her for the incredibly hot sex. She smiled wickedly and thanked me too.

As Mel walked out the back to join the party I strolled back into the kitchen wondering if what just happened was real.

I was startled by my wife rubbing her cold drink across my back. She gave me a long kiss before grabbing another tray of food and headed out the back.

I started to panic, wondering if she could taste Mel's pussy juice on my lips when she stuck her head back through the door.

The cheekiest grin came across her face, "Merry Christmas Baby, hope you enjoyed your present!"