 It was a hot August afternoon... 

The carnival was in town and it had been years since I'd been to one. I remember as a kid the thrill it was to get on some of the rides. How fast they would spin me. How tight my muscles clinched as I spun around...I missed that feeling...

Tonight I decided that's where I would take you after dinner. About 7:30 you finally showed up. I was so excited thinking about the carnival all day, I didn't notice you were an hour late. Dinner had spoiled and I considered being angry with you but my mind was so set on having fun at the carnival not even being late could make me angry. I grabbed my coat and out the door we went.

While driving up, I started clapping excitedly I look over at you and tell you how happy I am and how much fun we're going to have. You chuckle at me, ready to explore this happiness with me:)

The carnival was noisy with people and rides whirring around, bells and whistles, children happily yelling. The hours passed by faster with all the fun we were having but the smell of the popcorn and candy made my insides ache...and all the noise and music gave me an intense rush of dizziness. All I could think about was finding a nice place to sit down and relax a bit after an exhausting time here. I notice the Merry-go-round in the back corner is under repairs.

It's quiet and dark so I head over. You follow close behind me. We stumble upon one of the carnival workers who's sleeping on a chair outside the ride. I ask him if I can sit down on the ride to catch my breath...you slip him a $20 and he obliges graciously. I go and sit in one of the booths on the ride, and you prop yourself up on one of the ponies beside me. We are sitting there for awhile and notice the crowd is starting to thin out... 

I start thinking again about how wonderful of a time I've had this evening and how glad I was you came along with me. I noticed how good you looked under the moonlight. I found myself feeling very aroused, over the earlier sensations I was having about the intensity of the rides. I finally get up from my place and hop off the ride. You watch me as I head over to the carnival worker. You see us chatting for a few moments unable to understand what's being said between the two of us. I look over to you and smile and then begin coming back. You lean down to ask me what's up but before you can finish your sentence I am up on the horse with you. Wrappin my arms around you, I pull you in for a long kiss...

Not a few seconds go by into the kiss when suddenly the merry-go-round slowly begins to whirl around, and the music begins softly churning but the lights never come on... 

And there I am...

Sitting facing you on this pony. My legs strung over yours, my arms wrapped around your neck and kissing you. You dont realize how much I'm wanting you right now. You dont know I just gave the carnival worker another $20 to turn on this ride and walk away for awhile. I was determined to have you here... 

On this ride...

While my hearts pounding, my head's spinning...All I can think about is how good it would feel to have you buried deep inside me...

My affections become more clear and I can tell you understand where I'm wanting to take this when I reach down between us and slowly begin stroking your now aroused cock through your jeans. You are eager, but suggest we go home... I suggest you stop talking and keep kissing me... 

I feel your warm fingers slide into my blouse and under my bra...your fingers begin tweeking my nipple...I begin kissing you harder and begin stroking your cock a bit faster...I quickly undo your jeans and pull it out and begin stroking it...

I love your cock so much! Sometimes when I'm stroking it I can't think of anything else but how good it feels throbbing inside my mouth. How full and thick it gets as my tongue does a tango down your shaft. And right now thats what I want...

I want to feel it inside my warm wet mouth.

I jump down from the pony and turn you around so that you can lean against the pole. I pull your jeans way down exposing your flesh to the moonlight.

Your cock stands rock hard...statuesque even...And I feel my mouth begin to water. I run my nails up your thighs as I lower my wanting mouth down on the head and slowly allow it to decend deep inside...

down to the base...

the throbbing and the precum let me know how much you're enjoying this. 

I continue licking and sucking you, feeling myself become more aroused, my heart pounding as the merry-go-round spins us all around. Moving up and down to the melody.

I decide I can't wait any longer...

I climb back on the pony with you and you turn around.

This time I'm not facing you however... 

I've got my hands wrapped around the pole and I'm using the foot bar to hold myself up,almost standing. I feel you reach under my skirt and run your fingers over the top of my moist panties.

You slide one of your fingers under the legging at one side and find my warm sweet spot.

God your finger feels so good. You then slide my panties over and slide in right under me. I feel your warm breath on my thighs and then your warm tongue kiss my crease before you slide your tongue inside my lips.

My legs go weak for a moment and I fall into your tongue before regaining my composure. My heart pounding even more now. You dart your tongue in and out of my wetness, flicking and twitching my swollen clit.

I moan out in extasy...God you're making me so hot! I'm rocking my hips a bit to your tongue thrusts and I feel your warm fingers enter me again. Your fingers dart in, then your tongue. Over and over making me completely insane for you. I beg out to "pleaseeeeee" be inside of me, deep and hard.

Finally, after making my sweet middle very excited and very wet, you pull my ass down so that my wanting pussy is hovering over your big full cock. Then without notice, you slide your shaft deep inside me as I clinch the pole harder trying to keep my balance but remain in perfect rhythm with your thrusts.

In and out I feel you pound my welcoming flesh. Your heart now evidently pounding.

Feasting on the moonlight and the melody, you are relentless in your pursuit to navigate me clear to heaven if I so desire.

In and out...In and out...

Up and down the pony went. Over and over, I feel my muscles close in on your manhood, throbbing... wetness...

Our moans only muffled by the music.

I'm unable to take anymore, I moan out for you as I feel myself explode all over your rock hard cock. I feel so good! And not a moment later you explode inside of me as you roar deeply and with total contentment. Our hearts pounding in unison. I am so content, my body is unable to move from this position, we sit there for a few moments longer. I lean back into you while you kiss my neck and shoulders.

We are suddenly awoke from our mist when the carnival worker turns off the merry-go-round and we slowly come to a stop. We scuffle to regain some composure before we are discovered.

As the ride comes to a complete stop, we hurriedly jump off the ride and rush for the car, laughing as we get in.

It was a wonderful night at the carnival and a wonderful night to ride the Merry-Go-Round.

A ride we will soon not forget.

~The End~ 

©SLG2002~Nimffy