 Oh my god. There it was in the middle of the room - almost the exact chair she had dreamed up when she had gotten a pedicure a couple of months ago.

She had been so relaxed in her massage chair at the salon, and the lady across from her was, too. She watched her fellow customer's very natural and very large tits vibrating with the motion. She tried not to stare but it was more than a bit mesmerizing. No wonder so many men are obsessed with them, she thought. It was fairly stimulating to watch and she hoped the woman hadn't noticed. Or if she had, that she didn't mind the attention.

As she sat there in a slightly aroused state, her mind drifted to the possibilities. A chair like that, with a bit of modification for the kind of activities she had in mind, could be very useful in a more intimate setting. Instead of a regular seat, perhaps a split seat with extensions for her legs that could be spread apart and perhaps arm rests that spread apart, too. And now, here it was in the room where she found herself with her husband.

They enjoyed a healthy and very satisfying sex life. He was an incredibly generous lover and took his greatest pleasure in her pleasure. She hoped she didn't take that for granted. He was the kind of lover she had always hoped for and more. She knew many women who would gladly take her place if given the opportunity and she did not want to willingly give anyone that chance. Fantasy was something they both enjoyed and they occasionally brought some of it into reality. Well, at least partially. Tonight, they were taking a huge step at the swinger's club they had found in a town quite a few miles from where they lived. Thankfully, anonymity was important to everyone there. Mardi Gras style masks were worn by most of the guests. One of the hosts was giving them a brief tour before they joined in and they had just stepped into the last room he was showing them.

She found it hard to believe she was really seeing what she had dreamed up that day. Apparently, she was far from alone in her massage chair fantasy. Excitement and arousal began to build as she thought of the possibilities. Her pupils dilated and her clit began to swell as she saw in her mind's eye what she hoped would happen there tonight. Her husband noticed her mouth parted slightly and her increased breathing and she saw the noticeable bulge in the loose shorts he was wearing. It always gave her a thrill when his dick started to swell; definitely a sight to see. 

As they made their way back to the front of the club, her husband whispered into her ear. "I saw your reaction to that chair," he said. "Think you might be interested in trying it out tonight?"

She smiled in response and said, "I sure would, if we can find some willing partners!" He grinned and gave that laugh she loved to hear. They took a seat at a table in the bar area and ordered drinks. While they waited, they took in the scenery around them. There were a number of couples and a few single women. She had read before that most clubs didn't admit single men. For that she was glad. She had some ideas that included other women for her husband. Maybe tonight they'd get to experience that as well. 

Their drinks came and as they sipped them several people stopped by their table and introduced themselves, giving names she was sure weren't their real ones. Even with masks, others could tell they were a new couple. Her husband was cool as a cucumber, but her nervousness was probably showing. Everyone they met was as nice as could be and before long she was feeling more at ease. Most of the other guests seemed familiar and intimate with each other. As time passed, the dance floor began to fill up and with the alcohol flowing freely there was quite a bit of touching and kissing as the beat of the music pulsed through the crowd. 

Suddenly, a man appeared at her side and asked if she'd like to dance. She turned to her husband with a questioning look and he nodded, giving her the go ahead. She let the man lead her to the dance floor and noticed that he made sure to keep them in full view of her table. As they started to move with the music, she saw a woman slip into her vacated seat at the booth and lean in close to chat with her husband. The attractive stranger had on a very low-cut top with beautiful fleshy breasts spilling out of it. The man she was dancing with turned her around so she was facing their table and she watched intently as her husband openly admired the view in front of him. It was obvious he was enjoying the conversation as well. She couldn't tell from a distance but felt quite sure that the rise she liked to see was happening under the table. 

As she swayed with the music, her dance partner moved in close behind her. He put his hands on her hips and pulled her against him. It was immediately obvious that her husband wasn't the only one getting hard. Her partner ground his swollen cock against her ass as she reached behind and pulled him tight against her. She could feel her body responding and felt a familiar wetness building in her panties.

There were other displays going on around them on the dance floor which only increased the level of sexual excitement she was feeling. One girl wearing a tube top had intentionally let it slip down and was being felt up by everyone around her as she danced with her arms over her head. When the woman passed in front of them, she took her turn. It was the first time she had ever touched another woman like that and she hoped it wouldn't be her last. The girl's tits were absolutely perfect and she wanted to slide her tongue over them again and again. She felt sure that was going to happen tonight.

She glanced toward her husband and noticed his eyes were locked on her. The woman beside him obviously had her hand on his cock under the table. He was relaxed back against the seat, enjoying having his cock massaged while he watched his wife was testing the waters of the swinger lifestyle.

Fresh drinks had been brought to their table and when the song ended she left her dance partner to wander back to their table. She took a seat opposite her husband and peeked at his lap, watching his new friend as she stroked him through his shorts.

"Hi, I'm Stacy," the woman said with a relaxed smile. "Your husband sure has been enjoying the scene on the dance floor." She reached further down to cup his balls.

"This place is something else," she responded.

Stacy continued, "That was my husband, Mark, you were dancing with. We saw you two come in and hoped to hook up with you tonight."

A slow smile spread across her face. This was going to be one hell of a night.

As they talked and laughed, she and Stacy took turns playing with her husband's cock. He was most definitely enjoying the attention. Feeling more relaxed, she decided to ask Stacy about the chair in the back room.

"Oh, does that interest you?" Stacy asked.

"Yes!" she replied enthusiastically, and then shared the fantasy she had dreamed up while at the nail salon. Stacy grinned throughout the telling and then proclaimed proudly that she'd been in the chair many times.

"It's really fantastic," Stacy said. "I love being in it and I love anyone else being in it. You can orgasm multiple times and it's great to give and receive. We keep lots of items around to use on whoever is in the chair. Feathers, dildos, vibrators - really anything you can dream up."

The wetness which had begun moments before on the dance floor quickly escalated. She could hardly wait for her chance.

"Come with me," Stacy said as she waved to Mark to follow her. He had been out on the dance floor behind the woman in the tube top, grinding his cock into her ass while massaging her tits, but he was eager to join in whatever Stacy had planned.

As they walked down the hall, Stacy told Mark she was interested in the chair. A wide smile spread across his face as he said, "We'd be more than glad to give you your first experience!"

They stepped into a locker room off the hallway. "You can leave your clothes in here. Towels are on the shelf over there if you feel the need." She and her husband quickly stripped off their clothes and grabbed a couple of towels. The alcohol had loosened her up, but she was still feeling a little self-conscious about being naked in front of others. Mark and Stacy had gotten naked in no time at all and waited for them in the hallway. They walked the now familiar route and entered the room housing the chair.

Her heart was racing and she tried to control her breathing as her excitement level grew higher. The music in the room seemed to flow over her and, coupled with the low lighting, created a very sexy atmosphere. Stacy led her to the chair and carefully helped her get situated.

As she tried to relax, Stacy, Mark and her husband started softly running their fingers over her body. With eyes closed, it was hard to tell who was touching what part of her body. The feel of all those hands touching her skin was easily enough to cause her arousal to surge and she started to push her legs apart. Stacy noticed the movement and adjusted the bottom of the chair into a split position with her legs elevated. She was fully reclined and, as she opened her eyes, she realized the ceiling was mirrored and she could observe everything that was happening.

It was almost an out-of-body experience to realize the woman in the chair was really her, totally exposed with naked people around her, touching her, not just with their hands but with breasts and cocks. Stacy's tits were spectacular and completely natural. As she watched in fascination, Stacy positioned herself between her legs and slid her tongue right up her clit. At the same time, Mark was rubbing his thick, hard cock on her breasts. Her husband was standing behind Stacy, rubbing his growing cock as he watched his wife being licked by their new friend. Stacy reached back to massage his balls. Watching him being fondled that way by another woman, along with Stacy's tongue on her clit, brought her to her first sudden orgasm.

As she quivered and shook in pleasure, Stacy stepped back so Mark could take her place. She saw he had a vibrator in his hand. He placed the head of it on her clit while it was still recovering from its first high. Immediately, the intensity of her arousal began once again to rise and she could feel a second, stronger orgasm quickly building. Stacy picked up a feather and started stroking it across her breasts. Her husband stood behind Stacy, fondling those incredible tits, occasionally taking them in his hand and brushing them across her face.

She realized at that moment that there were now other people in the room, strangers watching the show. They were approaching closer and closer and before she knew it more hands and bodies were joining the action. The feel of several hard cocks along with hands and tits brushing against her skin was enough to push her over the edge into an orgasm of screaming intensity and prolonged length. She didn't even know her body was capable of that kind of reaction. The orgasm seemed to go on and on. She didn't want it to end but exhaustion finally won out.

As she lay there, catching her breath, she watched in the mirror as Stacy turned toward her husband. After seeing the incredible orgasm she had just experienced his cock was standing at full attention. Stacy knelt down and took her husband's beautiful cock into her mouth. The woman was experienced in the art of the blow job, without a doubt. She sucked his cock in and out of her mouth while he tangled her hair around his hands and threw his head back in ecstasy. As she moved her mouth up and down the length of his shaft, it was obvious he wouldn't last much longer.

Despite her exhaustion, she found herself getting aroused again. She had always wanted to see another woman going down on her husband and this was far exceeding anything she could dream up. Mark was still close by and took advantage of the opportunity by stepping up between her legs and sliding his hard cock into her pussy. She couldn't believe she had the energy for another orgasm but felt one building in spite of herself. Hands reached out and once more massaged her breasts and one woman even slid her hand between her body and Mark's to rub her clit into orbit. As her husband pulled his cock out of Stacy's mouth and shot a hot stream of cum onto her breasts, she climaxed again. Mark felt the spasms in her pussy and pulled his cock out to shoot his load onto her belly.

A cheer went up in the room from the other guests. "Great show!" she heard someone say. A feeling of incredible satisfaction washed over her. Stacy suggested they move to another room. Everyone was in agreement and the others started to trickle out the door. So intense were the orgasms that she needed a few minutes before she could even begin to think about walking. Her husband stayed behind to help her out of the chair.

"Thank you for bringing me here," she said. "Next time we come, I want to see you in the chair!"