 One morning several years ago, I was on my way home after working the graveyard shift. I sped down a shortcut, three-miles of deserted road, not far from my home. I rounded a long curve, and there sat a police cruiser. By the time I saw it, there wasn't enough time to slow down. After I had passed the cruiser, it came after me with lights flashing. When I pulled over, I looked back and realized that it was a Policewoman behind the wheel. As she walked back to my car, I couldn't help noticing her beautiful body. She asked for my license and registration. While I was digging through the glove compartment, a battery-operated vibrator rolled out into view. Quickly, I pushed it out of sight. Handing her my papers, I could see by the blush on her face that she had seen it. 

Not wanting another ticket, I pleaded with the Policewoman, whose first name was Joyce. I begged her not to write me up and said that I would do anything if she would agree not to. Suddenly, a smile came over her face. She took my license and headed toward the cruiser, saying, 'All right. You follow me in your car." We proceeded about 500 yards down the street and turned off on a little road. We stopped and got out of our cars. Then Joyce came up to me, saying, "Okay, up against the car." Quickly, she started to frisk me, from my shoulders down. But when she got to my waist she grabbed my jeans. Before I had a chance to move, they were down around my ankles. I wore no underwear. I objected to what was happening, and she said, "Well, you told me that you would do anything, so I thought this would be a chance to fulfill one of my greatest fantasies. I wanted to see if you were circumcised. And I see that you certainly are. If you want to go, you're free to do so' I could see that she meant me no harm, and I told her that I'd be a model prisoner. My pants were at my ankles, and she spun me around and ordered me to put my hands at the top of my head, and quickly handcuffed them. "Okay;" she said, "hit the deck! " Once I was on the ground, she continued the search using her tongue instead of her hand. She checked out every part of my body thoroughly. As Joyce reached my cock, it sprang to life. "I'm really into pricks," she said, "especially circumcised ones." She ever so slowly traced her flickering tongue up and down my hard shaft, caressing my balls. She was careful to lick every stray drop of fluid that oozed from the exposed head. The sensation was fantastic. Gradually, Joyce took it in her mouth, licking and sucking all the way up and down my cock and in no time I had the first in a series of earth shattering orgasms.

She stood up and quickly stripped out of her uniform and surprisingly a lacy white bra with matching panties. Hidden under that outfit was a sleek, well-proportioned body, two not so large but firm breasts capped by silver dollar sized areolas and already erect nipples, shapely hips and thighs, and a juicy, almost completely shaved twat, which was soon to be shoved against my face. I buried my tongue deep within her sweet juicy hole, driving her into an uncontrollable frenzy, soaking my face. As soon as Joyce caught her breath, she ran to my car, only to return with the vibrator. She began tingling my pecker and balls, until I was as hard as her billy club. Then she moved in a squatting position directly over the head of my dick. Slowly, she lowered herself onto the full length, without touching any other part of my body. She started to move, just using her leg muscles to propel her athletic body on top of my rock hard cock, from tip to balls. As she rocked and ground into me her moans of delight broke the silence of our secluded spot, but this could not stop the desire burning deep within her throbbing cunt. I tried to free my hands, but my efforts were useless. Sensing that Joyce was ready to come, I started to match her rhythmic action. Suddenly, her moans turned into screams. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried. She began to quiver, and as I shot a load of hot sperm into that fabulous milking machine, my orgasm triggered yet another orgasm in her. For several minutes we just lay there exhausted. Joyce released my hands, and we both got dressed. She went to the cruiser and started to drive away without saying a word.

I yelled, "What about my license?" She stopped, backed up, and handed me the papers, saying, "Oh yes, and I almost forgot, here's your ticket." Smiling, she drove away.

Would you believe that I never enjoyed getting a ticket more?