 It was Black Friday, that one day in the year where shoppers went wild in the stores. Frank had ventured out to Starbuck's, but one look at the mob and he headed home to dig out his Mr. Coffee. The last week had been unproductive, work wise and bet-wise. Thanksgiving had made for a short work week and there had been few opportunities to be alone with Caro. Frank planned on remedying this over the next three days. Sitting back in just a robe, Frank put his feet on the coffee table and whistled tunelessly as he thought of his weekend plans for Caro. The phone rang and he sighed as he picked it up; it better not be Caro; he had too many plans for her in the next couple of days. He needn't have worried, it was Jack and he came right to the point. 

"Hey buddy boy, how goes it? How was your Thanksgiving?" 

Frank laughed, "You could give a rat's ass about my Thanksgiving. I know exactly why you are calling." 

"Oh, that cut to the bone Frank," Jack said in an aggrieved manner. "After all, we are friends and partners." 

"You have one thing on your mind," Frank said. "How the bet is going and the money you and Rob will lose when I win." 

"That remains to be seen, buddy boy. Oh yeah, you will fuck her. In fact I'm sure you already have, but she is supposed to worship at your throne. Ever stop to think that a willing slave entails the nuisance factor? How do you get rid of her after you've won? She will be a leech, an obstacle in your way when a new conquest comes along." 

"You let me worry about that, you just have the money ready." 

Rob only laughed and whined as he spoke, "Oh Frank! I love you! How can you do this to me? I thought we meant something to each other?" Rob snickered, "In winning the bet you may end up with a millstone around your neck. I'd be very cautious Frank, if I were you." 

"Now I know you're running scared," Frank said. "Trying to put me off like that is a dead giveaway. Now I really must go, I'm expecting company." 

"See you in the office Monday and enjoy yourself," Rob said suggestively. 

Frank grinned as he hung up the phone and stretched luxuriously. "Oh I plan to," he said in an undertone. 

*** 

Caro picked up the small suitcase and looked around the room, she wanted to be gone before Janet and Tim returned. Yesterday had been a long day, the holidays always were. Caro was expected to do most of the cooking and cleaning, then to step back and let Janet take the credit. No problem, Caro just wanted the day to be over. The house had been overrun with Tim's relatives, each one just a little more boring and obnoxious then the next. As soon as she could, Caro excused herself and went to her room. She had packed the suitcase, agonizing over each article of clothing. In the end she had packed an assortment, from jeans and tees to lingerie and a dress. Who knew what the weekend entailed? 

Caro had a secret, one she had held close through yesterday's madness. The day before Thanksgiving, Frank had called her in his office. Was she busy this weekend? If not, would she like to spend it at his house? Caro could only remember nodding yes, her heart thumping at his sexy grin. It had certainly made Thanksgiving with her family easy. This morning they were out shopping, Janet was big on holiday sales. Caro just wanted to be out of the house before they returned. Leaving the note she had written last night on the kitchen table, she left hurriedly. She had racked her brain trying to think up a plausible excuse for leaving but nothing seemed right. After awhile, she realized she owed them nothing and only wrote she was going away for a few days. 

Pulling into Frank's driveway, she took one last look at herself in the car mirror. Frank had specifically asked her to wear shorts and a tee. She shook her head and her hair danced in the ponytail, suddenly she felt young and carefree. As she walked to the front door, her heart was pounding. He opened the door before she could ring, he must have been watching for her. He was in one of those short robes and she felt the heat rise in her cheeks. 

She started to step inside but he stopped her and asked, "Did you come here the way I asked you?" 

Caro started to respond even as his hands moved to her breasts and slowly thumbed her nipples. Her breathing was labored already, her eyes closed as he caressed her breasts. 

"No bra," he said, as one hand moved down her stomach, "Just as we agreed." 

His fingers slipped inside her shorts and he smiled, "No panties and I can feel your wetness already." 

Caro's hands moved to his arm, ever cognizant that they stood outside the front door. His finger moved between her folds and slowly swirled her clit. Once more she marveled at the power he had over her. His finger went deeper and Caro gasped and stood on her tiptoes. 

Frank asked softly, "Whose pussy is this Caro?" 

All rational thought had left Caro, she had forgotten she was on a doorstep being fingered by a man. She forgot everything but Frank and what he was doing to her. 

She whispered, "Yours, all yours Frank." 

Frank's other hand was rolling her nipple as he asked, "Whose nipples are these Caro?" 

Her voice trembled, "Yours Frank." 

"Never forget that Caro. Let's try a little experiment?" His finger moved maddeningly slow, "When I count to three, I want you to cum for me. Understand Caro?" 

Caro's body was stiffening, her fingernails were digging into his arm. She felt her clit pulsing against his palm, her tongue wet her lips and her eyes closed. 

She gasped as his finger moved in wide circles and he intoned, "One." 

His finger moved back, and then plunged into her body. Holding it deep, he rotated it. 

Pulling back he said, "Two," and once more pushed it deep in her pussy. 

Caro moaned softly as Frank commanded her, "Open your eyes. Look at me." 

Her eyelids fluttered, then opened to see that his eyes were seemingly burning a hole into her body, her soul. She felt truly taken and truly his at that moment. 

Frank drove his finger deep as he said, "Three." 

Caro's knees buckled as her orgasm hit and she clutched at Frank's arm. She bucked on his hand as his impaled finger circled slowly. As the waves subsided and the spasms in her pussy slowed, Frank pulled his finger out and slid it into her mouth. Caro held his hand as she sucked his finger and their eyes locked. Frank took out his finger and led her inside to the entryway. 

"My suitcase," Caro said. 

"I'll get it later," Frank said as he closed the door. 

*** 

Frank looked at Caro, her eyes were glazed with passion and the weekend had just begun. Pulling her into the foyer he looked around before taking a large cushion off the bench and tossed it on the floor. He drew Caro close and kissed her, their tongues moving together as they lowered to the cushion. He was surprised and pleased when Caro began to explore his body, her shyness seemed to be leaving her. Her mouth moved to his chest and her tongue made a path down his body. Her hands opened his robe and Frank felt her hand on his cock. Her lips moved across his shaft as her eyes watched him intently. Frank lifted his head and watched as her tongue played across his cock head. He lay back as a shiver of pleasure ran through his body. 

Leaning over him; Caro spoke softly, "You have such a big cock Frank. Do you want to push it down my throat?" 

His hips lifted as she took the head in her mouth and sucked. The sounds she made as she blew him were delightfully erotic and Frank closed his eyes. Her mouth lowered with each stroke, her head moving faster as she pumped him aggressively now. Caro's true self was emerging and she had become a wanton and totally sexual creature. She was working her mouth faster now and his legs stiffened as he felt his balls tighten. 

As if on cue she popped her mouth off him and asked, "Where do you want it Frank? In my mouth or my body?" 

He smiled and said, "The real question is, how do I want it the first time? Because Caro, you are going to suck my cock many times this weekend." 

He grinned as he saw color spread over her cheeks, he still had the power to disconcert her. Frank moved away and stood up, taking his cock in one hand and using the other to hold Caro by her hair and gently bring her to her knees. 

"Open your mouth Caro," he ordered as he pumped his cock. 

His hand was a blur, working up and down his shaft as time seemingly slowed down. He felt the beginnings of his orgasm and he slowed, drawing the pleasure out. The first strand went directly in her mouth and she whimpered as she tried to swallow. Frank groaned as he filled her mouth and she swallowed him dutifully. Cum had seeped out of the corners of her mouth and ran unbidden down her chin and onto her tits. Her eyes were on him as he pulled her mouth on his cock and she finished him off. His body jerked as he pumped the last of his seed into her mouth, the feeling almost exquisitely painful. 

"Clean me Caro," he uttered. "Get my cock hard again so I can fuck you with it." 

Her tongue glided over his cock, licking up his cum mixed with her saliva. After a few minutes he slowly and gently pulled her to her feet, his hand still in her hair. 

"I want to fuck you Caro, but we won't make it to the bedroom. I can't wait one more minute to take you." 

Leading her to the stairs, he turned her to face them. Her fingers were deep in the carpet, her ass in the air. Taking his time, Frank pulled her shorts down her legs. His mouth made a path over her cheeks and down her legs as his lips followed his hands. He helped her step out of them before he stepped behind her. Holding her ass, he rubbed the head of his cock against her the folds of her pussy. The head slowly disappeared as once again her body adjusted to his size. Caro turned her head to look back at him and mouth the words 'fuck me now.' Frank grunted as his drove his cock deep into her pussy. His body slammed against hers and pushed her into the stairs with each thrust. With his hands on her shoulders, he worked his cock in and out. The room was filled with the sound of his thighs as they slapped against her ass. Frank took a handful of her hair and pulled her head to the side. He ground his mouth on hers, feeling her moans against his lips. 

Reaching around, he rolled her over so she was sitting on the stairs. Placing one leg over his shoulder and the other over the banister she was open to his assault. His cock went deep in one thrust and Caro cried out as he fucked her. Her elbows were supporting her and her head was back, hair splayed over the stairs. Taking both hands, Frank ripped the tee shirt, exposing her tits to his view. He watched as they swayed under his thrusts, and he leaned forward to squeeze them gently. Caro's head was tossing, he felt her pussy spasm on his cock and knew she was ready. 

"I'm going to cum Caro," he grunted as he drove into her one final time. 

Frank pushed hard as Caro lifted herself up off the stairs, their bodies in a frozen tableau. His body bucked as he emptied his body into hers. Caro's eyes were wide open and huge and she was making odd sounds in her throat. Frank gave in to the all powerful force of his orgasm, until he was spent and his body collapsed over her. 

*** 

It was the sun that woke Caro up, her eyes focused on the unfamiliar room and she started. Almost immediately she relaxed as she realized she was in Frank's bedroom. Inching slowly out of bed so as not to wake him, she made her way to the bathroom. Her toiletries were lying on the bathroom vanity and she ran the brush through her hair. For the last week she had been toying with the idea of lightening it. It was a dirty blonde, maybe now was the time to color it. With a lighter color and a little make up her looks would improve drastically. She blushed as she noticed the love bites on her breasts and her fingers traced them. Yesterday had been a day of wild, no holds barred sex. They had made love over and over and Caro admitted to herself that she was insatiable when it came to Frank. The more he gave her, the more she wanted. She definitely wasn't the Caro from a few weeks ago and she rejoiced in the knowledge. 

Turning on the shower she stepped in and let the hot water rush over her body. Wetting her hair she poured shampoo on her palm and started to wash her hair. She heard the shower door open and she smiled. She had hoped Frank would hear and join her. She felt his lips on her shoulder and then his hands were in her hair. She let her arms drop as he massaged her scalp with his fingers. There was something highly erotic about it, something that made her body come alive under his touch. As he rinsed the last soap out of her hair, he spun her around. Opening her eyes she looked up into his seconds before his mouth covered hers. 

Dragging her mouth away, she took the soap and made a lather in her hands. As she washed his body, she committed it to memory. She marveled at the planes of his chest, his taut stomach and hard buttocks. Her fingers caressed his cock, feeling it twitch in her hand as it grew to its full length. Frank hadn't been idle through this, his hands were wandering her body as well. Caro's breathing was labored as all pretense was lost and she began to pump Frank's cock. His finger was tracing her folds and she opened her legs wider to give him access. 

Frank took her shoulders and turned her to face the shower wall. She felt his mouth as it ran down her back and she shivered in delight. As he got to her ass, his tongue moved along the crack. His hands spread her and she felt his tongue as he licked inside her. Caro was shocked, the idea of anal sex of any type had never appealed to her. She wanted to protest but Frank's tongue was making it impossible. Meanwhile his fingers had found their way to her pussy entrance and were slowly moving in and out. Caro put her cheek on the shower wall, the feelings were intense and she moaned as his tongue and fingers moved together. Too soon Frank pulled back, and she felt his finger at her ass. She moaned as his finger just penetrated, and slipped inside her slowly. Her body opened under his onslaught and he added a second finger. Caro's body was quaking as he pulled her against him and he fucked her ass. His other hand palmed her pussy and found her clit. She could feel his body against hers, his cock hard on her thigh. He sped up his hands and she cried out as she came, her ass tightening on his fingers. Caro's hands slid on the wet shower walls and Frank held her as the waves tore through her body. 

Frank turned off the water, wrapped her in a towel and carried her to the bed. He rubbed her hair and body dry and tossed the towel aside, then gently pushed her on the bed. She was on her hands and knees and she could hear Frank as he opened the nightstand drawer. She looked back and saw the tube of KY and she realized his intentions. He saw the shock and fear in her eyes and he smiled, as his hand traced her ass crack. 

"No!" She said as her body trembled, "It's too big, it won't fit." 

Frank wanked his cock as he spoke, "It will be okay Caro, I'll take it slow." 

Frank covered his fingers with the jelly and slowly inserted them in her ass. They went in easily, the fucking in the shower had taken care of that. After he pumped them awhile; he took them out and slathered more jelly on his cock; then placed the head at her entrance. He slowly pushed and Caro's eyes closed as she willed herself to relax. He pushed slowly and gently until his head was inside her, then he stilled. Caro felt the burning pain but along with it was pleasure. Frank's hands spread her cheeks as he worked his cock slowly in and out of her body. Caro heard Frank's groans as inch by inch his cock pushed its way deeper. The sounds he made excited her and she looked over her shoulder and watched as he pushed the final inches into her ass. 

As he started to thrust slowly, Caro whimpered into the blanket. With each stroke his cock stretched her until gradually the pain receded. It was replaced by intense pleasure and Caro felt herself moving back against Frank. His speed intensified as her body accepted him and their groans mixed as they worked together toward a mutual goal. Caro's whole body tensed as Frank made a series of short stabbing motions. He yelled her name as he shot inside her, his cum filling her even as Caro came in a series of shudders. She fell to the bed; weak and exhausted; even as Frank pulled out of her body. 

He pulled her close, his chin resting on the top of her head and mused, "Did you know you amaze me? I never thought you would let me do that to you." 

Caro kissed his sweaty chest and said sleepily, "It's because I trust you. I know you would never do anything to hurt me." 

The last thing she heard as she drifted off was Frank's quiet answer, "Oh Caro, if you only knew." 

To be continued ...