 My thanks again to JonB1969 for editing this story. This is a reworking of an earlier version of the story, to improve it and to tie it in to the series, all of which are based on true events.

***************

I loved cock, and these days, I especially loved my boss's cock. The divorce, and moving back to Miami Beach, freed me to experience much more than I could have imagined a few months earlier, when I lived and worked in Denver.

I hadn't been working for him long, only a few months, but we had crossed several lines and I was either unwilling or unable to stop myself from crossing some more, in the same ways my ex-husband had cheated with slutty women on me. 

Without a Florida bar license, I couldn't practice law, so I accepted a clerkship with a small, prestigious firm in Miami, pending my passing the bar. My boss looked, dressed and acted like a typical partner at a typical firm, with one huge exception. .

What made him special was his cock. It wasn't huge, it was massive. Almost ten inches long and as "thick as a brick", as he would describe it. I was intimidated and awed by it the first time I saw it. I had to have it and I would in time. Someday I'll tell that story.

He had hired me in part because of my skills and background, but also because of my smoldering Latin features; curvy, with dark hair and dark eyes and large, full breasts. And I was a divorcee. I learned later that he liked hiring women in their 30's, with a preference for divorcees.

His love of being satisfied by women more than matched my love of cock and he had to have it everywhere, all the time. So did I!

One summer, we had been litigating a case in Ft. Lauderdale and had a court appearance one morning. He told me to come over to his house and we would drive up to the courthouse together in his car. I complied, pulling into his driveway. Actually, I hadn't thought anything of it at the time.

I was let into the house by his wife, an attractive woman, and mother of his children, who was herself on her way to the law offices, who worked at the firm as well, handling the books. Their boys had already left for school.

His wife led me into the study and I sat down on the white leather sofa. "David, your girl is here." She said. 

"Was there some derision in her voice?" I wondered.

Grabbing her purse and coffee, her wife left for work. My boss and I were alone in his house.

Waiting for my boss, I got out the file and began reviewing the filings that the court was going to consider. I was wearing heels, a tight, short skirt and black panties, and a silk blouse with white frilly bra. My jacket was on the sofa. I wanted to be prepared for the morning's oral argument. I needed this job and didn't want to let down my boss.



He walked into the study from the hallway that led to his bedroom. He had on a shirt and tie, boxers and socks, but no pants. His cock was hanging out of his boxers. Hanging out isn't accurate. It was like a tree branch at half-mast. My eyes locked onto his cock for a moment before looking up at him.

He walked over, placed his hands on my shoulders, and said, "Suck me."

"I can't. Not here!" My eyes darted back and forth from his cock to his eyes.

Placing a finger to my lips to silence me, he guided me up to stand in front of him. We embraced, his hardening cock oozing pre-cum. He kissed me on the mouth. After a few seconds, I pulled back.

"No really! We can't do this here!" I said with a nervous laugh.

"Yes, we can. There's no one here." 

"No, I mean it's your house. Your wife could come in, or the maid."

"I can do whatever the fuck I want. And right now I want you. Don't worry about anything." He dropped his boxers and began stroking his thick cock in his meaty hand.

"No, I really don't think I should..." I said, my eyes locked onto that big, thick cockhead, before my lust and hunger got the better of me and I started to kiss the head of his cock... 

I was hooked. I couldn't stop until I tasted all of him. Licking his shaft, I looked up at him. Our eyes locked. I could see in his face, the determination and control, knowing that his associate was going to suck him off in the same house he lived in with his wife, on the same couch that his wife sat on the night before when they discussed his work plans for the following day. My eyes also showed control, and hunger. 



I knew who was in charge. On my knees or sitting down, with a cock in my mouth, I always was in control. 

My left hand cupped his balls while my right hand gently stroked his cock. I couldn't get my hand all the way around it so I used my saliva and his pre-cum to lubricate the shaft, and I worked my tongue and lips up and down both sides of his shaft. Before I lost all control, I dropped down to his balls and kissed and licked them all over, his pubic hair tickling my nose. Then I went back up to his cock head and wrapped my lips around it, while I pushed gently on the sensitive front of his cock with my thumb. Knowing what could happen and thinking about our court appearance later, I stopped, wiped my hands and unbuttoned my silk top, slipping it off my shoulders and placing it over my coat. I didn't want to get any cum stains on my blouse.

Slowly, I turned back to him and dropped to my knees once more, hiking up my skirt as I went down. Looking up at him one more time, I dove down on his cock head, losing myself to the member in my hand and mouth. My pussy was getting hot and sticky and I could feel the moisture building up in my crotch. 

I could smell his musky scent, coupled with the fresh smell of soap, and I could feel every ridge and vein on his shaft and head.

Expertly, I worked the head, shaft and balls with my hands and my mouth. I loved sucking off cock. My mouth worked the head and my two little hands struggled to hold onto his shaft. I slowly pumped the shaft in the opposite direction my mouth was working, to give consistent pressure to his cock in all the right places. My jaw was starting to hurt, but I put it out of my mind.

If there was anything I gained from the two significant others in my life before now – Paul and my ex-husband – it was my skills as a cocksucker. There was nothing else in the world right now but me and that beautiful, massive cock in my mouth. Only one thing left now. To make him explode. 



I picked up the tempo, increasing the pressure on his shaft and shortening the strokes. His hands, pressing down on my shoulders and occasionally my head, now cupped my ears. 

"Oh God, that's it." He whispered hoarsely at me. "I want you to come into my office every day at the end of the day and suck me like this."

Working the base of his shaft expertly with my hand, I pulled my mouth off his head long enough to say, "You do, do you? What's in it for me?"

"I'll show you!" he said. Now he was thrusting quickly and deeply in and out of my mouth. Usually, if a man is face fucking me, he's about to come, which was good because my jaw was sore from being open so wide for so long, but I was sooo close. His cock began twitching and his ass tightened. I could feel his cum rising out of his balls and into his shaft. 

"Soon" I thought.



In a flash, he erupted, his thick, ropey white cum pumping into my mouth, onto my face and all over my chest. With little time to savor it, I began swallowing his juice, with some running down my hands and shaft or over my face. He moaned and shouted with pleasure. 

When his cock stopped throbbing, I licked him clean.

"Did you like it?"

"Yes. Very much." He said, looking down at me.

"Good, I'm glad. You seemed so stressed. I guess you'll let me work for you a little while longer?"I said in response.

"Keep sucking cock like that and I will."

Smiling at him, I stood up and excused myself to wash up and reapply my makeup. I stepped into the guest bathroom as he lay the sofa, exhausted for the moment. The day was early and we still had a court appearance. We had to hurry so we wouldn't be late to court.



I heard later that his wife would complain to him that his associate's (my) car was in the driveway when she got home. He didn't care. If there was anything on his mind it was "working at the office late" because he had to have me again, this time from behind, pounding his thick cock into me. 

"Maybe tomorrow. At your condo." 

At home that night, my thoughts were the same. Pulling out my rabbit vibrator, I played with myself awhile before having phone sex with another fuck buddy of mine, my ex-husband. 

"Tomorrow night," I thought to myself as my ex-husband was telling me what he missed about me. The first waves of the night's orgasms engulfed me and I began planning for when I would have my boss's cock again.