 Stillness and quiet in the office, I stretch and glance at the clock. Finishing up this project that had taken most of my week was a relief, it is getting late, time to head home. Alone in the office, I walk to the back, locking both the downstairs and upstairs back doors. Flipping off the lights, reaching for the door, the bell goes off. Opening the door, the delivery man, Phil is standing there. Glancing at my watch, he sees my confusion. 

"Yes, I am usually much earlier," he says. "I had a breakdown and there was no replacement truck," he says apologetically. "I am really needing the space for a big delivery tomorrow, is there anyone here that can help me unload?"

Looking down at my skirt and high heeled state, I said "it's just me, but I will be happy to help." Setting down my stuff and kicking off my heels, I step into the back of the delivery truck. Stepping in also, he points to a large stack of boxes at the front of his truck, "all of these go in."

As we start unloading the boxes, we brush against one another accidentally here, bump into one another there. Blushing more deeply than is necessary, remembering the thought I had the other day about Phil being in great shape. Wearing shorts now, with the warmer weather the muscled legs were very apparent. Trying to get my thoughts back to the task at hand...I grab a small package, slipping out of my hand it slides between the drivers seat and the stack of boxes remaining.

Bending over the boxes to reach the case my skirt gets caught on the corner of another, pulling it high up exposing my upper thigh almost to my hip. I quickly look around to see if Phil noticed as I start to pull it down. His hand slips on top of mine, stopping me from fixing it. I look up, his eyes are now on my face, "what beautiful legs, don't cover them up," he says in a husky voice. 

Looking into his eyes, seeing the intensity of his gaze, my breath catches. His hand slides over my thigh, up onto my hip, staring into my eyes, he pulls me to him. Lowering his lips to mine slowly, watching my reaction as he does so. His kiss was tender, exploring, yet full of desire. As he feels my intense return of the kiss, he lets both hands run over my thighs. 

As he realizes I am wearing thigh high stockings, he runs his hands upward, over my hips and butt. Quickly my hands go to the back of his head as he lowers his head to play with my nipples through my blouse. Running his hands from my hips over my butt, then the lower part of my back...he finds the clasp of my skirt. Unhooking as he is still nibbling at my breasts, my hands are sliding over his shoulders as the desire builds. Unzipping the short zipper, his hands sliding under the fabric waistband, he pushes it downward. His hands slide under my silk blouse, cupping my breasts, he runs his thumb over the nipples, sending delicious shivers over me. 

Lowering his head once again, he nibbles at my taut nipples, as he sees my reaction of arching my back, he tugs on one. My hands are moving over his shoulders and to the front of his shirt. Quickly I unbutton his uniform shirt and run my hands over the dark matt of hair underneath. His skin is so smooth, the warm feel of it under my hands, I want to feel his skin against mine. Lightly I run my hands to his stomach then up around his back to his shoulders again. Pulling his shirt off....I rub my breasts against his chest. Seeing how excited they are through my blouse, smiling, he starts unbuttoning and slips my blouse off my shoulders. 

Tracing the outline of my bra up to the straps, he slides each off my shoulder, kissing and licking as he does one then the other. Unhooking it he drops it to the floor, kissing me deeply, darting his tongue in to explore, he lingers only a moment. Running his tongue down my neck he continues down each clavicle, then back to my nipples, nibbling and sucking until I am breathless. Finally he pulls our bare chests together, closing my eyes, I feel the heat of his desire escalating with mine. Sliding his hands over my shoulders, and back....he slides them down to my waist, and hips. Running them over my hips he brings them around to my stomach and the rim of my panties, slipping a few fingers just under the waistband, then to the leg openings he runs his finger slowly, lightly under their edges. 

Slipping my panties down over my hips, he lets them drop the rest of the way as he bends and licks my inner thigh, then my clit for a moment. Straightening, he looks into my eyes, his exploring intensifies....sliding a few fingers just inside me his thumb plays with my clit. Watching my eyes open and close, his other hand finds its way back up to my breasts. Squeezing, then pinching my breasts I am holding him tightly against me....arching for more of what his hands are doing to my body. Feeling his excitement, I reach out to find the button of his shorts, I need to touch more of him....feel more of his body. 

Unbuttoning his shorts, he helps me slide them off, then his briefs soon follow, exposing his very hard cock. Stroking his cock up and down I see the smoldering look in his eyes...he is wanting more....dropping to my knees I run my tongue over it. Over and over again, I run my tongue along his hard cock, then playing with the tip, tasting the pre-cum there....in and out I run his cock. Hearing him groan as he is holding my head at the tip, I run my tongue over and over that very sensitive spot.

Pulling me up from my kneeling position, he returns the exploration, kneeling now he places his tongue just at the tip of my clit and runs it up and down, placing fingers back into my very soaked pussy. Sucking my clit just inside his mouth, he nibbles on it a little, a very hard orgasm overcoming my body. Straightening he slides his cock just inside of me....holding my waist he slides in deeper, holding my gaze as he does so. As he lowers his mouth to mine, he presses against me, pulling me to him, sliding deeper still into my excited body. With a slow rhythm he goes in and out of me, kissing my throat, breasts and nipples. Sliding my hands to the back of his head, trying to pull myself tighter against him...nearing orgasm again, a moan escapes my lips. 

As he is feeling me writhing with excitement, he increases his tempo, a very hot orgasm washing over me, then him, his kiss deepens.....as we are both so caught in the moment of excitement.

Pulling away only slightly he sees excitement still burning in my eyes, as apparent as his own. Turning me around kissing the back of my neck while he runs his hands over my breasts, then around to my shoulders and down my back to my waist and over my hips. Lingering on my hips and butt, downward to my thighs he rubs his hands. Grabbing my waist, his excitement growing, he presses his cock into me again....quickly going in and out. Pinches my nipples, and nibbling on the back of my neck...he has me nearing orgasm again. Feeling the building orgasm coming...he pushes deeper and deeper, in and out, until we are both shuddering with fulfillment. 

"Phil, I..." I started to say, covering my mouth with his...there is no need for words.