 I awoke the next morning with the feeling that something was different about me and for a brief moment I couldn't think what it was. Then I started to remember what had happened and wondered at first if it might all have been another of my erotic dreams; then I noticed my cock was feeling a little tender and I realized that after all this time I had finally had sex with a woman, and a gorgeous one at that! I still couldn't figure out why or how, but it was true! I checked my cock, almost hard with my morning woody, and saw why it felt sore: as a result of the sex act my foreskin had been drawn all the way back, exposing the purple head of my dick which was much more sensitive to touch. The foreskin was trapped behind the head and felt very tight, and I wondered whether this was now a permanent change that I would have to become accustomed to. However when my morning erection subsided as I showered, I was able to draw the prepuce back into its normal position.

I showered and dressed quickly, remembering that today was the day of the World Cup Final, and hoping I hadn't missed the bus that would take us all to watch the match, which was being played at the Azteca Stadium in Mexico City. I locked my door and knocked on Jerry's door a couple of times, but when I heard no answer, I made my way down to the dining room for breakfast. I was relieved to see that there was still a good number of our group having breakfast. I looked around for Jerry and then saw him at a table in the far corner talking to a waitress. I went over there as the waitress disappeared into the kitchen, and as I took one of the vacant chairs he looked at me, with a broad grin. "Well, good morning, Jack!" he said. "Sleep well?" 

"Sure did!" I replied.

He responded with a laugh, "I bet! Did you have fun last night?"

"Actually, I did, but maybe not as much as you, eh, Jerry?" 

He laughed and nodded yes, and then added, "Well, maybe, or then maybe not! Anyway, I've got a couple of things to do before we leave for the match, so I'll leave you to enjoy your breakfast. Oh, by the way, I think the bus will be here in about an hour, so don't linger too long."

I watched him leave the dining room, and then I heard a female voice behind me say, "Buenos dias, Jack!" The voice sounded vaguely familiar, but I wondered who could be calling me by my name, so I turned and saw that it was the same waitress that Jerry had been talking to as I came in to the room. At first, I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, but when she smiled, my heart flipped as I finally recognized that she really was Marisa, the same beautiful girl who had come to my bed the previous night! Her hair was pulled up into a tight bun beneath her waitress' cap, and her beautiful figure was disguised by her white uniform, but there was no mistaking the dazzling smile I had seen the night before. "Café?" she asked, as a million questions flooded my mind. How can this be? Why is she serving coffee here? I nodded and as she leaned over to pour coffee into my cup, I saw her name badge, which said "Edith Jimenez" which puzzled me further. Then she whispered in my ear, "Bueno? Esta noche, mas fuckee fuckee, si?" I was speechless and could only nod, as only then did I remember her final words to me last night.

"Bueno, si!" I finally managed to blurt out and she smiled as she withdrew from my table, disappearing back into the kitchen. Breakfast was buffet style, but after this surprising turn of events I didn't have much appetite and settled for some fresh fruit. I picked over my plate but really couldn't eat very much, as my thoughts were mainly about last night, our brief exchange this morning and the prospect of more sex tonight! My cock was already swelling with anticipation, but I was also nervous about repeating the wonderful experience I had enjoyed the night before.

A few minutes later, Marisa reappeared with a fresh pot of coffee and circled the room refilling cups until she finally came back to me. "Mas café?" she asked, and after I nodded yes, she bent to refill my cup and whispered again, "Cuando de noche?"

Thinking she was asking what time we would meet that night, I answered, "Diez?"

She smiled and nodded, "Si, OK!" patting me on the arm as she left.

Although I had come to Mexico for the excitement and experience of attending one of the premier sporting events in the world, I have to confess that my focus had suddenly changed from soccer to sex, and although I enjoyed going to the game I couldn't stop thinking about the night before and the promise of the night to come. The day passed slowly, much more slowly than I thought was possible, considering what an exciting day it should have been for a bunch of soccer fans. The thing I remember most about attending the game was how horrendous the traffic was leaving the stadium and how long it took us to reach the restaurant where we had arranged the final night's dinner. I was worried that we would not get back to our hotel until late, but it all turned out OK and we eventually arrived back there just before nine. 

It appeared the rest of the guys were preparing themselves for a final fling on their last night, before returning to Nassau the next day to their wives and girlfriends (and in some cases, both!), and Jerry was keen to go with them. I made some excuse not to join them and went up to my room to get ready for my date with......was it Marisa? Or Edith?

Having said that, when I got to my room, I didn't quite know what to do to get ready for such a "date". I'd never had a date before where sex appeared to be the main purpose of the meeting! I knew I needed a shower after such a hectic day, that was for certain, but after that, what? Should I dress as if we were going out? Or should I put on nightclothes? That actually wasn't an option anyway, as I never wore any, except maybe a t-shirt on the more chilly nights, very few of which I had experienced since leaving England. Or should I just stay in my terrycloth robe after showering, so as to be ready for whatever was going to happen?

I decided I would shower first and then choose which way to go afterwards. I stripped off and stood under the hot water, letting it wash away the fatigue and dirt of the day, and thought about the events of last night and tried to imagine what awaited me in the next few hours. Would she be as compliant as before, or would there be tension between us? It seemed to me that for some reason I couldn't quite fathom that she was very willing to come to my room that night. Perhaps she thought I was an easy customer, willing to pay whatever price she asked, even though I had not given her a dime last night, although on reflection I remembered that at this point last nights adventure had in fact cost me almost 200 pesos, for Jerry had not mentioned anything about paying me back today. Not that I would have asked, for last night was worth anything that I had "lent" him. I just wondered what had actually happened after they went into his room last night to cause her to come to me afterwards.

Once again I stood under the shower until the water started to run cold, but not before I had carefully examined my cock to make sure it was in working order. The recollection of last night and anticipation of tonight resulted in a really strong hard on, proving that it was indeed in good shape. Any soreness I had felt when I awoke had long since disappeared after I had sheathed the exposed head back into its protective covering and I debated whether I should jerk off again to make sure I could prolong the excitement, but decided against it.

Once I had dried myself I saw I still had half an hour left before the appointed hour so I put on my robe and decided to lie down for a while to relax while I made the final decision what to wear. I lay back on the bed and closed my eyes for a second. At least that was what I thought, but I must have fallen into a deep sleep, for when I opened my eyes again, the bedside clock said 11.30. Oh, god, 11.30! I thought. Had I overslept for my date? Had she come and not receiving an answer left again? 

I was completely distraught now, for having enjoyed the euphoria that accompanies an extremely pleasant experience and eager to try it again, I was deeply disappointed in myself that I had perhaps missed out on a great opportunity. I jumped up from the bed to check my watch, just in case the clock was wrong, but sure enough that was the right time. I slumped back on the bed in misery, kicking myself for being so stupid! I got up again and went to the door, more out of despair than anything, in case she was standing outside. Of course she wasn't, so now I didn't know what to do. I now wished I had gone out with Jerry and the other guys and at least had a good night out instead of staying alone in my room. Just like last night, I got the idea to go back to "La Huerta" by myself to find another girl, another pussy to stick my cock into, even if just a quickie in one of the cubicles. This started to sound like a good idea, so I started to dress, ready to go out.

I had just finished dressing and was preparing to put on my shoes, when I heard a gentle knock on the door and her voice softly calling out my name, "Jack! Jack!" My mood instantly changed from near depression to exultation as I raced to open the door.

"Marisa!" I exclaimed, as she rushed into my arms, kissing me all over my face, and hugging me tightly. I used my foot to slam the door shut behind her, and started to return her kisses. The close proximity of a warm, willing female body crushed up against mine and the heady scent of her perfume sent me into seventh heaven and turned my cock instantly into a steel hard rod! We kissed and hugged for what seemed like an eternity, until she broke away to look me in the eye.

(Whatever conversation we had that night was very limited, as each of us had only a very rudimentary knowledge and comprehension of the other's language, although hers was a little better than mine. I'm reporting it in English to the best of my recollection and understanding of what were saying to each other.)

"Jack, I'm so sorry I'm late," she said. "I had a problem with my mother."

"It's OK," I said. "I'm just glad you're here." I didn't even try to explain that I had fallen asleep and thought that I had missed her.

She smiled her brilliant smile and I knew that I would never forget how she could light up a room with that smile, or at least my room. She hugged me again, and then with a twinkle in her eye, reached down to feel my hard cock through my pants. "Still hot?" she laughed.

"Yes, very hot!" I agreed.

Laughing, she said, "Yes. I like it hot!" She slipped off her coat, but unlike last night she was fully dressed and in a much more demure style. I took her coat and hung it up in the closet, and as I turned back to face her, she held out both hands to me to hold both of mine. "Come," she said, "let's sit down!"

We sat on the edge of the bed side by side, and she laid her head on my shoulder, while putting her hand on my leg. She wore a simple dress, long enough to cover her knees, but it was cut low enough to show a nice amount of cleavage between her roundly shaped breasts and I couldn't keep my eyes off them. She saw me looking down and laughingly asked me if I liked what I saw. I told her I did and she responded by reaching into my lap and once again caressing my hard cock through my pants. "And I like this!" she said. By now my cock, although not a very large one, was straining to burst through the restraining material.

She stood up with her back to me and indicated that I should unzip her dress. I stood up and did as she asked and as the zip slid down all the way to her lovely ass, I saw that she was wearing a red bra and matching panties. After I had unzipped her, she shrugged off the dress and then told me to unfasten her bra. My heart rate immediately went up, and I fumbled for what seemed minutes before I was able to undo the clasp. I pulled the straps from her shoulders and the bra fluttered on to the floor on top of her dress. As it did so I reached round to cup a breast in each hand, and they felt so glorious! She leaned back slightly and sighed with pleasure as I handled the perfect globes in my hands. I kissed her on the ear and then almost instinctively ran my thumbs over her tits until they reached the nipples, which I found were already erect, and felt like the size of erasers that are found on the end of pencils! She moaned then, and smiled back at me. I could smell the sweet scent in her hair, almost like strawberries and that scent will remain with me for ever.

We stayed like that for a while and then she turned around to face me. "My turn now," she said, and started to unbutton my shirt. Now remember I had dressed for the express intention of going out to find a girl to have sex with, so I had decided to wear the minimum that I could. So, when she began unbuttoning my shirt, she started to expose my bare chest, which although not very hairy had sprouted a good covering since my teenage years. "I love this," she murmured, as she ran her hands through it and bent to kiss and suck each of my nipples in turn. Then as she rubbed my chest with one hand, she slipped the other down to my pants to feel my hard on yet again, and then said mischievously, "And this!" as she ran her hand along its length, still of course inside my pants. She moved both hands to unbuckle my belt, release the top clasp and unzip my pants with a deftness that demonstrated considerable experience with undressing men. I didn't care about that now, just being glad that it was me that she was undressing!

Once unfastened, my pants fell to the floor around my ankles, and I stepped out of them. Now we were both almost naked, each with only one garment separating us from that state! Except of course I still had on socks, whereas Marisa was barefoot having already stepped out of her slippers. My shorts were the first to go as Marisa unceremoniously yanked them down, exposing my hard cock standing straight up in the air! "Bueno!" she murmured, as she started to caress the length of the shaft, again drawing the foreskin back to reveal the swollen purple head with already a thin covering of pre-cum. I leaned my head back and moaned with pleasure as she fondled my cock, just as I had fondled her tits earlier. 

I was really turned on now, and it wouldn't have taken much more of this caressing of my heated cock to take me over the top, and I was starting to wish that I had released a load when I was in the shower, when she abruptly stopped and quietly said, "Come, Jack, lie back on the bed." I wasn't about to argue and as she pulled back the bedclothes and fluffed up the pillows I quickly stripped off my socks and threw them on the floor where the rest or our discarded garments lay. She had me lie down and as I lay back on the pillows my heart rate was way up as I anticipated what came next. Smiling that beautiful smile at me, I felt like a million dollars as this wonderful, beautiful girl who had entered my life, seemingly from nowhere, knelt before me, her breasts jiggling like prize melons, and bent down to take my heated cock first in her hand and then between her ruby red lips!

In contrast to last night, when she had only briefly sucked it before letting me fuck her, this time she seemed to take great pleasure in having my hardness in her mouth as she slowly moved her head up and down on it, swirling her tongue around it, and paying particular attention to the head, which was super-sensitive after she had exposed it by pulling back the foreskin. After a while of this slow rhythm she started to speed up slightly, using both her hand and her mouth, and I soon started to feel the onset of a climax. I didn't want to cum yet, as I really wanted to bury my cock in her velvet sheath again, just like last night, so I tried to pull away from her mouth. All to no avail, for although I tried to tell her I would soon cum, she began to suck on my dick even faster and harder. Of course the inevitable happened, and I could hold back no longer and within seconds my cock was spurting its load of pent-up cum into her mouth! 

At that point I experienced a curious mixture of elation and sadness: elation at the strength of a tremendous climax and sadness that our date would soon be over. Marisa had seemingly swallowed every drop that I had released and then looked up at me licking her lips and the smiled again. "OK?" she asked and I tried to smile back, despite the sadness I felt, nodding yes. "OK!" she responded and scrambled over to lie by my side and started to kiss me. At first I thought this was the good night kiss, but then she opened her mouth and forced her tongue between my lips! I could taste something on her tongue and then realized with a sudden jolt that it was my own cum I could taste! I couldn't really describe it, it was unlike anything I had tasted before, but it wasn't unpleasant. We french kissed for quite a while, until she broke away and started to say, "Now.."

as I thought to myself, 'Uh, uh, here it comes, she's about to say good night!' but much to my surprise she continued, "it's my turn!" as she lay back on the pillow, raised her hips off the bed and slipped off her panties, exposing once again the centre of my universe, her beautifully coiffed pussy, already glistening with moisture! 

I leaned over her to nuzzle her nipples, each in turn, and was amazed at the texture, rough yet smooth, slightly rubbery but hard as rock! She caressed my head and started to push it lower until I had kissed my way to her belly button. I circled my tongue around it before I jabbed inside the depression itself. Perhaps I should explain at this point that although I was a complete novice at any form of love-making, I was by no means ignorant of what I should do and what to do to give one's partner pleasure, as I had been an avid reader of all kinds of books about sex, and had a pretty good grip on what one should do in this situation. So when she tried to coax my head down even lower, I knew that what she really wanted me to do was to return the favor by eating her pussy! At first I was really nervous about it, but then I realized that it was only fair for me to try, and not let my inexperience show too much. After all, I had to start somewhere, and where better than with this beautiful, generous Mexican girl, who had rescued me from my virgin state! 

I kissed my way closer and closer to her pussy, but did not move straight to it, rather electing to take a more indirect route to build up her excitement. When I reached the small patch of very fine hair crowning her vulva, really almost a fuzz, I diverted my kisses to her inner thighs, first one, moving up till I almost reached her pussy lips, then moving to the other side and repeating the process. What amazed me the most about this, apart from getting my first real look at an actual pussy, instead of the photos I had seen in books and magazines, and maybe because of it, was that my cock, that I felt sure was finished for the night, was starting to harden again. By this time, I had managed to work Marisa up into a high state of excitement, judging by the way she was rotating her hips and thrusting her pelvis off the bed, almost pushing her sweet pussy into my face. 

Finally I relented and started licking around the outer edges of her pussy lips, and almost at once she started to moan softly, almost in a whimper, and then crossed her legs behind my back, pushing me closer. I dipped my tongue inside her cleft and I felt her body go tense as her legs increased the pressure on my back. She was moaning louder now, and while I couldn't be sure, I thought that she might have reached her climax. If it was, it was only the beginning, for I knew there was one more thing I needed to try. I continued licking around the inside of her pussy and her moaning continued but at a lower level than seconds earlier. Then I did it. I withdrew my tongue from inside her crack and started to gently lick at her clit. Her moaning increased again, and I could hear her saying, "Si, si!" repeatedly as I licked around it. I noticed that her clit was very hard now, and was sticking up like a very small cock, emerging from its protective hood; my cock was now fully hard again and starting to throb, the stiffness almost painful, begging for release. I started to suck on the little nub, and that really drove her wild! She screamed out loud, using words I didn't understand, but what I did understand was that she having a very strong orgasm, for her body went tense for fully ten or fifteen seconds, moaning in a guttural sound, and pushing me tight against her groin with her legs to the point it was almost painful. Finally I felt the pressure from her legs relax and she allowed me to lift my head away from her pussy. I looked up at her as she lay there breathing heavily, trying to catch her breath.
