 I force myself to write this down now; after weeks have passed I desperately pen the lines. Cigarette hangs from puckered lips, held erect when I take a drag, smoke in my eyes, only a little. I procrastinate and press onward, into the still shaken core of breadth, which I became.

I am still young and vital, deeply passionate and brooding sometimes. I thrive on connection, I desire the most from my interactions, and those who cannot comply take the next exit. I was always looking for some moment to make me more than I was, I knew I could feel more, expose more. 

I desired the moments of nakedness, barren and stripped with eyes balanced in a state of judgment.

Sought by some who wished ultimate destruction on my still pounding heart, those who would touch the gold in my hair, with bruises in my brains. Faltering I sought some who might know what the path teaches, not only to swim, but to swim well. I wanted to see in their eyes knowledge beyond my own; I wanted to feel admiration and love. 

...

In the daily machine I deliver productivity, I deliver the newness of industry. I seem to be eaten most of the time, feeling worn through and aching toward time. There may have been things occurring, life-like things, but I didn't notice for a very long time.

Working, I sit and watch people shuffle by me. I rearrange things, make phone calls, type and read. In mid-morning i am struck by something, by something that wasn't shuffling by. I saw a man, around the corner of the divider, leaning against the wall talking on his cell phone.

I looked several times, mostly because he wasn't going anywhere, secondly because he was completely unfamiliar to me. I watched as he pressed the phone to his left ear and nodded his head, tilting it occasionally and smirking a little. I took another phone call.

When I looked again he was still poised against the tan wall, though I caught his eye this time. He stopped while looking at me, and then quickly distracted by the voice on the phone he began to laugh. Slowly his eyes made it back in my direction, I blushed and turned back to my work.

...

As I pack my things nearing the end of the day I am overcome by this immense feeling of pressure, or what I could call "bigness." I turned to look behind me and here was the laughing man. He looked down at me and smiled, he started to chuckle and extended his right hand for a shake. 

"I'm Magnus, thought I would introduce myself." 

I stood up quickly, and grabbed his hand shaking it pulling it towards my stomach, "Miakoda, nice to meet you." 

"Nice for me too, Mia. Are you going right home?"

"Yes, I think so."

"You want to go do something else?"

"Yes, you drive?"

...

Culminating toward dinner we sat and talked about a myriad of things. He was troubled by some occurrences in his work, being transferred here and there. He seemed a little weary from moving to a new city and very interested in connecting to someone, preferably me.

I held his hand a little and talked about different shows I'd been to recently and a few interesting projects I was involved in. He sat listening to me and seemed to get uncomfortable. Then I asked, "What's wrong?"

"I want to be closer to you, not around some huge table full of food and things that take time away from you."

I blushed and felt rushes through my body, I felt excited and ached to go. He raised his brow, questioning if I felt the same. "We can do whatever you want," I said. "Let's pay for these drinks and be off."

"Agreed."

...

We went to his new place, boxes and stark white walls. It was a beautiful place, but still so empty and clean. We sat on his couch, misplaced in the middle of the room, he adjusted the lights and we relaxed a little. 

I turned my head to the side and batted my eyelashes laughingly, "Will you kiss me yet, or should I take initiative?" He replied with, "I wanted to be close to you, which I hope involves kissing, touching, as much as you want of me is yours."

I leaned over, getting on one knee on the couch, my right leg held straight to the floor, pushing me up to his mouth. I put my lips on his and kissed a few times softly, breathing onto his lips. He opened his lips a little to put his tongue to my mouth and I opened mine in return. We slipped into each other's mouths softly, my hips were grinding closer to his body.

His hands glided up my hips and onto my waist. He touched me and caressed me, his hands met on my back then running up and down, taking my head into both hands as I positioned myself on top of him and leaned back wards. He held me as I moved slowly back and my shoulders touched the floor.

His hands moved to the front of my neck, as I lay there, dizzy. He ran his fingers down my chest, grazing my nipple with his fingernails and cupping my curves as he sought my sex. His thumbs hooked under the hem of my skirt and pulled it up, letting it fall onto my nearly vertical torso.

He eased my panties aside and put his mouth on my clit, my back tensed and relaxed after a few seconds. He took my breasts in his hands, rubbing the nipples under his palms and he sucked on me. He slid his tongue into my inner lips and fucked me with it.

His face was soaked with me, darting in and out of me quickly and sucking on my clit every few seconds. His hands moved down again and he held me open and took long, deep licks of my pussy. I was moaning loud and was almost passing out from all the blood in my head.

I slid down onto the floor, and turned onto my hands and knees. My fingers entered me and he was watching intently, I could feel his animal stare on my body. I fucked myself and rotated my hips, circling my clit and sending myself into frenzy.

He approached me and slid the tip of his hard, exposed cock up and down my wet lips. He started to part me and penetrate, but only slid the head into me. I felt his finger slide down onto my clit, circling it while he spoke to me. 

"You're like a tiger, a wild beast, begging for fornication."

"Yes, Sir."

"You are like a storm, wild and unleashed."

"Yes, Sir."

...

I felt his cock enter me completely, and I freeze, shaken by the impact. He stays in as deep as he can and does not move. I feel his hands rubbing warm circles on my ass. He holds this way for over a minute, speaking to me in poetry and dominance.

He begins to slowly pull out of me and rubs my back, he invents his rhythm with his hands, and slowly his hips replicate the motion. He begins to fuck me steady, moderately paced, to relax me into wild orgasm. I feel suddenly a smash on my ass, and then a stinging heat.

My face is on the floor, pressed hard and I see sweat drip from my eyelashes. I reach back to touch my clit, rubbing it and feeling him work. My moaning is uncontrollable and my voice gets deep and dark. He spanks me repeatedly while I bring myself to cum.

I feel him expand as I tighten for orgasm, he rubs my ass and smacks it a little, telling me how good this feels, how good I am. My imploding pussy pulls cum from his body, he empties into me as I climax and fold under his body.

He lay there, on top of my back, holding me down and breathing into my ear. "You are a wild beast, naked and bold, fire and ecstasy are in your fluids. I have tasted only your sweat."