 Alex woke up after having dozed for about half an hour. Mia was still asleep with her head resting on his chest. He disentangled himself from her arms and quickly went to the bathroom to answer the call of nature and clean himself up a bit. Five minutes later he was done; as he stood in the doorway he saw Mia stretching luxuriously on the bed. The gorgeous naked body in front him and the memory of what had happened but minutes ago immediately gave him a hard-on and he stood there admiring the view. 

"Well, someone is definitely happy to see me," giggled Mia as she saw him. 

"Make that two someones, baby. How are you feeling?" asked Alex, as he moved towards the bed. 

"Mmmmmm. Good. That was sooooooo hot," she said, pouting up for a kiss.

Alex leaned in for a quick kiss and Mia wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him in and making him fall on the bed; the quick kiss turned into a long, passionate, French one. Their hands started roaming and soon both were panting and hot. Alex started sucking and licking her nipples and had her moaning in seconds; he let his hand wander down to her pussy and found her completely drenched.

"Second round baby?" whispered Alex as he slowly pushed a finger inside her. However, Mia gave a yelp and retreated.

"Sorry, I'm a bit sore," she said with a chagrined look on her face. 

"Sorry, I should have known," apologized Alex. He was sincere, but he could not keep a bit of disappointment from showing.

"I'm sorry," said Mia, sounding very disappointed. "I loved the way you fucked me and I really want your cock in me again, but it hurts a bit".

"That's ok, we got all the time in the world," said Alex.

"Can I do something to make it up to you?" whispered Mia mischievously and she started stroking Alex's cock with her hand. He did not really have to think about it hard.

"How about a blowjob?" 

Mia lowered her eyes, blushing. "I've never given one before."

Alex was kind of surprised. What was he getting into? But it was too good a chance to pass up. 

"First time for everything, baby," he said.

"What should I do?"

Alex reached for the TV remote and switched it on to a porn channel. As luck would have it, a flick was just starting and the girl in the first scene was getting down to business.

"Ever watch porn before?" he asked.

"Just a bit."

"Well, the girl there seems to be doing a good job. Why don't you follow her lead?"

Mia took in the scene greedily, but as the girl in the scene started deepthroating her eyes got big. "Do I have to do everything she does?" she asked as a doubtful note crept into her voice.

"No, not everything," Alex chuckled. "Not right now at least. You'll need practice for that".

"Perv," Mia blushed, but she bit her lip and smiled.

As the scene ended Mia turned the TV off and turned her attention to Alex's stiff cock. She started licking the tip hesitatingly at first, then with more confidence. She switched to running her tongue up and down the length of his dick and then popped the tip into her mouth. She sucked it like a lollipop and twirled her tongue around it for a while then started taking more and more of his cock in her mouth as she started to give him head. She gagged a bit as she managed to take about half his length in her mouth but kept sucking bravely. 

She was doing a pretty good job, matching the porn actress' almost every move and Alex wondered if she'd continue. Indeed, she took his stiff rod out of her mouth and started stroking it while her mouth shifted to his balls. She licked and sucked them, taking them one at a time in her mouth, getting them all slippery with spit. She seemed to be enjoying herself, gently moaning almost continuously. Alex decided to bring things up a notch.

"Lick my ass," he said.

He sensed a second's hesitation, and then her tongue, first licking, then probing his hole as she continued to stroke his cock. Obedience was apparently not turning out to be a problem. Her soft, wet tongue probed gently but firmly, her hand keeping a steady rhythm, giving him intense pleasure as she brought him closer and closer to the edge. Sensing him tense, Mia switched her attention back to his cock, taking it as deeply as she could in her mouth, then bobbing her head up down, increasing her speed. 

Alex knew he was very close to coming and on a downstroke he held her head, keeping her mouth full of cock; he did not want to fuck her mouth-yet- but he wanted to show her he could if he wanted. She looked into his eyes as she sucked and twirled her tongue around his shaft and in that moment he came hard, filling her mouth with a thick load of cum. Mia gagged a bit, but swallowed every single drop. She took his cock out of her mouth and licked the tip, making sure she hadn't missed anything. Then she licked her lips and said in her best little girl voice:

"Was I a good little whore?"

"Are you sure about this little whore business? That sort of came out in the heat of the moment..." said Alex, a bit apologetically. 

Mia slid up his body and kissed him deep and hard and looked into his eyes. "I am only going to say this once. I WANT to be yours. I want you to make me yours. I want to be your whore, your fuck toy, your slut, whatever you want. I want you to do anything you want with my body. You can fuck me any way you want and you don't have to ask. Just do it. The only thing I don't like is pain... Well, maybe not too much, alright?"

"I don't think I can argue with that," Alex managed to say. 

"Nope, you can't", smiled Mia. "So was I?"

"Were you what?"

"A good little whore..."

"Oh yes. And if you continue sucking cock like that, you'll be even better."

"Mmmmmmmmmm," purred Mia, "I'm going to be the perfect fuck toy for you."

And they just lounged there for a while, just enjoying the warmth of their naked bodies. Then Mia decided she needed a shower and headed for the bathroom. Alex laid back, considering what he'd just heard and wondering where it might all lead to. After a few minutes he decided to just go with it. What was there to lose? This hot young woman wanted to him to dominate her and make her his personal slut. He'd be a fool to turn that offer down. With that, he decided he could use a shower, too and went to join Mia.

"How's the water?" he asked.

"Nice and warm. Want to scrub my back?"

Alex opened the shower door with the intention of just getting in and actually showering. However, the sight of Mia's naked body and wet hair, water pearling on her tanned skin, flushed by the heat of the water, gave him other thoughts. He got in and lathered his hands up with a ton of shower gel and started rubbing her back, concentrating on her shoulders and neck until he had her purring like a kitten. She leaned back into him and he reached around, lathering her stomach, then moving up to her breasts. He concentrated on them, kneading, squeezing, massaging, playing with her nipples, pinching them softly... Mia started to moan softly and relaxed into his arms. She started grinding her bum slowly and felt Alex start to grow hard between her cheeks. That seemed to get her hotter and she leaned forward, placed her hands on the wall for support and started grinding harder and faster. 

Alex's cock was rock hard by now and he was enjoying the feeling of her soft, luscious ass cheeks pressing on his cock. He knelt behind her, and continued lathering her legs, from the ankles upwards, paying her thighs a great deal of attention, then her bum, which he massaged thoroughly and finally her pussy, which he cleaned lightly and let the water rinse the soap off. Finally, still kneeling behind her, he spread her ass and dove into her pussy, licking and sucking, enjoying the view of her tiny, open pussy lips framed by her luscious ass and thighs. Mia just held on to the wall, enjoying every second of the treatment, grinding her ass on his face. Her moans turned into a steady stream of encouragement:

"Suck that pussy baby, please. Lick your little whore's cunt. That's it, give me your tongue, lick that slutty little pussy..." At some point, her dirty talk became just moans again, and she came hard, grinding and rubbing her pussy on Alex's tongue and face.

Alex stood up and held Mia close, pressing his cock between her butt cheeks and massaging her breasts. He nibbled on her neck, then her ear lobe while she caught her breath. She then turned around and whispered:

"Your turn, baby."

She poured a good dollop of shower gel in her hands and started lathering his chest, arms and stomach. Then she got behind him, working on his back, bum and shoulders. She reached around him, pressing close and worked on his chest while at the same time rubbing her gorgeous breasts all over his back; they were big and hot and slippery with soap and felt amazing. She then slid down to her knees and lathered his legs taking the time to massage them from his calves to his thighs. Finally, after what seemed like ages to Alex, she turned her attention to his cock, which by now was rock hard. She massaged his balls thoroughly, then took his cock in her hand and started stroking it slowly and firmly. Alex braced himself against the wall and closed his eyes, enjoying her soft hands on his cock and her breasts on the back of his legs.

He let her pleasure him like this for a couple minutes and was considering turning around to let her suck him when suddenly he felt her tongue starting to probe between his butt cheeks. He parted his legs to give her better access and she responded by licking repeatedly from his balls to his asshole. She twirled her tongue around his hole and then started licking and probing softly but firmly; she kept her hands on his cock, increasing the speed of her strokes until she was pumping it rather hard. Alex was in heaven: he loved the attention his ass was getting. It was rare to find a girlfriend who was willing to stimulate his ass. He started feeling close to the edge so he turned around, grabbed the back of her head and pushed his cock into her mouth.

"Suck that cock, you little slut."

Mia made some noise which Alex took as a yes since she started to diligently bob her head on his stiff dick. He loved every minute of it: her wet mouth, her twirling tongue, the slurping noises and the little moans she made. He was close to filling her mouth with a load of cum when another idea came to him. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and said:

"I'm going to fuck your big tits you little whore. Squeeze them hard around my cock and suck the tip when it pokes out."

Mia gasped a bit, but then let out a low moan and squeezed her breasts around Alex's cock, making it disappear. She was a bit surprised by the harsh language he was using, but it turned her on so much! It made her so hot, feeling that she was being controlled. Alex started fucking her slippery cleavage and Mia tried to lick the tip of his dick every time it poked out. She was loving the feeling of his erect, stiff member wrapped in her tits and she could feel her pussy dripping. Alex picked up the pace and grabbed Mia's tits roughly, squeezing them around his cock himself, shifting his grip so he could pinch her nipples at the same time. 

Mia moaned "I love what you are doing to my breasts, baby. Fuck my slutty breasts with your big cock baby, fuck them!"

"That's what those tits are for you little fuck whore! I'm gonna come between your tits!"

"Please baby, give your little whore a load of cum" moaned Mia.

Alex couldn't hold back anymore, and with one last stroke, he shuddered into an orgasm spurting his load on Mia's cleavage. Before the water could wash his cream away, he wiped it with his fingers and offered them to Mia.

"Clean my fingers, you dirty little slut. Don't waste any of my cum."

Mia sucked on them greedily, slurping down every last drop, then she took his cock in her mouth and finished sucking it clean. 

"I did not miss a single drop of your yummy cum baby," she said in her little girl voice. "I'm a good little whore."

Alex pulled her to her feet and kissed her; they then finished cleaning up for real and decided to head out for some early dinner. None of them had had anything to eat since morning and both were famished. After dinner they decided to catch film and by the time they got back to the hotel room they were so tired that they just undressed and crashed on the bed, falling asleep in each other's arms in seconds.

Next morning Alex got the best wake-up call a man can ever hope to get: he opened his eyes to find Mia with his cock in her mouth happily sucking away.

"Mornin' baby," he managed to say.

"Mornin'," said Mia taking his cock out of her mouth. "Did I wake you up?"

"You can wake me up anytime you want if you do it like that."

Mia smiled and said "baby..."

"Yes?"

"You remember I said yesterday I was a bit sore?"

"Yes..."

"Well, I'm not sore anymore. I want cock, baby."

"You sure?"

"I want cock, honey. Your little whore wants to get fucked with that big, hard cock of yours."

"Well then, hop on cowgirl. Your pussy is going for a ride."

Mia wasted no time in straddling him, lining up his cock and impaling herself up to his balls. She was more than ready, her pussy soaking wet, not to mention burning hot and oh so tight! She just sat there for a minute, savoring the feeling of her full pussy. She closed her eyes and started caressing her body, running her hands from her bum to her hips, then up her stomach to her breasts, which she cupped and massaged. She was apparently oblivious of the show she was giving Alex and only when he could not help himself anymore and pushed upwards with his hips did she seem to wake from her trance: she opened her eyes, looked into his, put her hands on his chest and started riding his cock. She tried bouncing up and down, driving his cock in and out but then found that grinding her hips back and forth kept her pussy full and hit all the right spots. 

Mia soon settled into a comfortable rhythm and proceeded to fuck herself silly. She went back to caressing her body, now fully conscious of the effect that had on Alex. She ran her hands all over and then played with her hair, curving her back in an "s" shape, making her bum deliciously round and her tits stick out, which made them look even bigger and gave them a tantalizing bounce. She then grabbed Alex's hands and placed them on her ass, then her hips and finally pressed them against her breasts where she held them, urging him to fondle and massage them. Alex was in heaven, with his hands full and his cock deep inside Mia and he decided to push things a bit further. He let go of her breasts, to Mia's disappointment. But then said: "Play with those big slutty tits baby."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Massage them, caress them, squeeze your nipples. Anything that makes you feel good."

Mia obeyed immediately. Without stopping her hips she cupped her breasts in her hands and started kneading and squeezing them, first softly, then quite firmly as she started to get even more turned on. As she caressed and pinched her nipples loud moans started to escape her lips and the rhythm of her grinding hips became more urgent. 

"Lick and suck your nipples" ordered Alex.

Without pause, Mia complied, flicking her tongue back and forth, then cramming her mouth full with one, then her other nipple and sucking hard. Her moans turned to whimpers, but she kept going and Alex felt her tightening.

"Play with your clit and fuck yourself hard on my cock until you come you little fuck whore!" urged Alex.

Mia's hand went between her legs and became a blur as she started rubbing her clit. Her other hand stayed on her tits, kneading and squeezing hard. Her hips started to move frantically, grinding and twisting and suddenly she screamed, unable to articulate any coherent words, and came hard, bucking her hips and moaning so loudly Alex thought she'd wake the whole hotel up. She collapsed on top of him, spent, whimpering softly, but Alex was not done yet. He grabbed her ass cheeks firmly and started thrusting hard upwards continuing to fuck her little cunt, not giving her a chance to catch her breath. Mia couldn't articulate any coherent sound and lay on him whimpering and moaning, enjoying the feeling of being roughly fucked, just used like the fuck toy she was becoming. After a few minutes of this treatment her legs responded again and she started meeting his thrusts, taking him as deep inside her as was possible.

"Oh baby, yeah, that's it! Use my pussy like that! Use my like your fuckdoll, like the fucking little whore I am! Give me cock, give me more cock! Make me yours!"

She managed to sit up again and Alex used the opportunity to let his hands roam all over her body, grabbing and squeezing what he wanted roughly, making her squeal and moan. Her bouncing titties were calling him and he sat up so he could suck them. Mia took them in her hands and offered them to him and he started kissing and licking them all over and then sucking and biting her nipples. He had his hands on her luscious ass, kneading her cheeks hard, urging her pumping hips. Mia then wrapped her arms around his head, burying his face in her tits and started pumping faster and more violently, trying to get him to come; he switched his hand to her hips, grabbing them like handles, driving her hard.

"Come for me baby, give me all your cream" moaned Mia in his ear. "Fill my pussy with your cum, pump it all inside me. Empty your load inside your fuckwhore."

Mia knew exactly what to say. With a roar, Alex thrust one last time and started to shoot his load inside her. Mia did not slow down one beat, pumping her hips like crazy, milking him dry. As he collapsed back onto the bad, her hand moved to her clit again and she brought herself to a second orgasm within seconds. She collapsed again on top of him, and neither of them could move anymore.

As Alex lay there enjoying the feeling of her weight and naked skin, catching his breath, he thought things were definitely looking up.