 This story is the sequel to 'The Teacher Is In'.

All the characters in this story are 18 years old or older.

Kevin left Mrs. Lindsey's office completely shell-shocked. He had come so violently during Mia's unwilling blow job that his balls felt like they would ache for a month. What could he have been thinking! It wasn't like him at all to get so carried away. He knew that Mia wouldn't just let him get away with what he had done. And besides that he was pretty sure that Leanne had her own suspicions about what had been going on. He really liked Leanne and didn't want to lose her.

It turned out he was right about his new girl friend. It took him almost three weeks of steady pleading before Leanne agreed to go out with him again. At first he was thrilled that she wanted him to take her to a pool party. But when he found out it was a party that Peter Ames was giving, he started to get nervous. Ames was one of Mia's sometimes boyfriends and that meant she would probably be at the party too. There was something suspicious about the whole thing because he and Leanne weren't in the same crowd at all as Ames and Mia and their friends. But Leanne really wanted to go. She had made a new friend, a girl from Pasadena named Vicky. Vicky had somehow gotten invited to this party and wasn't sure she would go until she found out that Leanne had been invited too. Leanne was reluctant to go with just her new girlfriend. Everybody knew that that Peter's parties were mostly just a meat market so she swallowed her hurt pride and asked Kevin to go with them.

It was with some apprehension that Kevin found himself in his stiff new Levis accompanying Leanne to the Ames house on a summer Saturday night. Leanne looked lovely as usual. Her short blonde hair framed her ever smiling face nicely. She was wearing a knee length, flowered summer dress that looked good on her attractively curved frame. Kevin was really happy she had asked him to go with her.

The house was really more like a mansion, with a sprawling property behind it where the party would be happening.

Kevin and Leanne were a little early but Ames made a point of coming over and saying hello. He was actually quite welcoming and was especially charming to Leanne. Kevin still wasn't convinced that there wasn't some ulterior motive at work here but he started to relax a little.

It was a warm evening and the grounds had been set up to accommodate the large crowd of young people that was going to be there. The pool was gently lit and inviting and would probably see a lot of use before the night was over. There were three small change cabanas around the property. There were two kegs of beer at the bar, chairs and tables scattered all around and a DJ playing some very loud music. Kevin hoped somebody had warned the neighbors. Some plywood sheets were laid out away from the pool to serve as a dance floor under dimly swaying patio lanterns

Kevin went and got a beer for himself and a glass of wine for Leanne. Soon after that her friend Vicky arrived. Kevin shook hands with her and was fascinated when she gave him a sly smile as if they had met before. She was a tall, slender brunette, a very pretty girl actually, with an unruly mane of curly brunette hair. She might have turned a lot of heads, but for the shapeless blue shift she had on that looked like it came from a thrift shop. Yet even behind her heavy framed glasses, her eyes began to sparkle after Kevin delivered her second glass of wine. He found himself very intrigued by her. Then he gave his head a mental shake remembering that his relationship with Leanne was pretty fragile just then.

The crowd and the noise level grew quickly. People started to loosen up and a few even started to dance. Kevin figured he needed a lot more to drink before he'd have the nerve to ask Leanne to dance. He was a terrible dancer but he thought a few beers improved his skills amazingly.

It was on one of his runs to the beer keg that he bumped into Ames and said…

"Great party Peter! Is Mia here? I haven't seen her."

"Hey Davis! That's some babe you're with. I wouldn't let her out of my sight if I were you. A lot of these guys would be on her in a minute. Sarah and Mia are at some 'horsey thing'. They should be along soon. She said she was looking forward to seeing you. I'll tell her you're here when I see her."

On the one hand Kevin was relieved that Mia wasn't there yet, but he felt his stomach getting jittery at the prospect of having to see her and talk to her in front of all these people. He started doing shots with his beer and continued shuttling glasses of wine to Leanne and Vicky.

A little later the music got slower to lure a few more people out onto the dance floor. Kevin was just screwing up his nerve to ask Leanne to dance when Ames came over and started talking to Vicky. He was telling her his sister had an incredible collection of dollhouses inside and would she like to see it? As it happened Leanne had a passion for dollhouses so she piped up that they'd love to see them. When Ames slung an arm around each of the girls' shoulders to take them up to the house, Kevin was surprised to see Leanne lean comfortably into the crook of his arm. She didn't hesitate to leave Kevin to entertain himself out on the lawn. That's when Kevin happened to look over towards the pool where he saw Mia and Sarah chatting to some of Ames' jock friends.

They looked like they must have come directly from some 'horsey thing'. They were both wearing tight white slacks that fit them like a second skin. On top of that they had on fitted, white satin shirts with collar buttons open because of the warm evening. In Sarah's case a couple of additional buttons were open because she had such a stunning rack to display. Mia's jet black hair was pulled back in a pony tail while Sarah's wavy blonde tresses curled around her shoulders and her face in artful disarray. Their slender waists were cinched with wide black leather belts that matched the calf high leather boots they were wearing. The only thing missing were the riding crops. Kevin squinted to try and see if they were stashed down inside the boots.

When he looked up Mia and Sarah were both looking at him. He stared back at them nervously as Mia whispered something to Sarah. Sarah's lips curled in a smile and she whispered back something to Mia. Then she started to strut across the lawn towards Kevin.

She didn't stop until she was right in front of him, her large satin covered tits almost brushing his chest.

"Hello Kevin. Peter said you were here. Are you having a good time?"

"Yeah! Terrific! It was great of him to ask us. Leanne really wanted to come." Kevin said nervously.

"Oh. Is your little friend here? I don't see her." Sarah said looking around mischievously.

"Peter took her inside to look at some dollhouses. Leanne and her friend Vicky." Kevin added hastily.

"Oh really! Peter and his sister's dollhouses. That's one of his best ones!" Sarah said with a mocking smile.

"But she went with Vicky!" Kevin repeated anxiously.

"And I went with Mia! Those damn dollhouses! By the time he's finished with his tour those girls will have found out that there's nothing miniature about that bastard Peter." Sarah teased.

"But!…" Kevin stammered, looking worriedly up at the house.

"There there!…" Sarah comforted, putting her raised fingertip against Kevin's lips.

"I'm sure she'll be fine. Why don't you dance with me until she comes back?" she offered.

"Gee Sarah. Maybe I should wait for her. She said she wouldn't be long."

Sarah watched Kevin's anxious eyes with amusement. She clasped her hands behind her back, making her generous boobs thrust arrogantly through her shirt. Then she leaned forward on her toes and put her lips next to his ear. Her blonde hair brushed his cheek as her conical tits mushed softly against his chest.

"You really should dance with me Kevin. I'm awfully good.!" she said, her moist breath gusting into his ear.

"Mia said I should be nice to you…" Sarah purred…" And Kevin…I can be… very… very… nice!…" she teased, shifting her shoulders and rubbing her resilient breasts enticingly against the nervous young man in front of her.

Kevin couldn't believe the shameless way that Sarah was coming on to him. He knew that Ames' parties were notoriously 'make out' events but he wasn't used to sexy babes flirting with him. And he wasn't convinced that Mia wasn't still plotting something.

But with Sarah pressing ever more insistently against him, his cock began stiffening in his pants. Suddenly he was afraid that Leanne might return and find him like this, flirting with the seductive blonde. She wouldn't like that at all. Kevin decided it might be better to take his chances on the dance floor.

So when Sarah reached for his hand and pulled him towards the gyrating dancers, he didn't resist.

By this time there were quite a few people dancing. Kevin and Sarah were lucky to find a little spot in one dark corner where they were surrounded by a mass of writhing, sweaty bodies. The DJ had just put on some bluesy number and some people were dancing close and others were doing a slinky sort of jive. Kevin knew he'd look like a dork if he tried to do the jive thing. But fortunately Sarah solved his dilemma by putting her elbows on his shoulders and snuggling up close to him. Kevin hesitantly grasped her by her slender waist. Despite the crush of the other dancers around him, Kevin was acutely aware of the tall blonde's voluptuous body pressing against him as they danced.

And Sarah had been right when she said she was good. She was very good. All Kevin had to do was mimic the sinuous moves she was making and it looked like he was a pretty good dancer too. Even though Sarah was the one doing the leading, Kevin was starting to enjoy himself and he smiled shyly at the blonde in his arms.

Sarah returned his smile with twinkling eyes and then thrust her pelvis firmly into Kevin's crotch. Kevin was instantly aroused by the feel of her gently rounded mons grinding against his cock. He started to harden again and sucked in his stomach so that Sarah wouldn't feel his sudden surge of excitement.

But the blonde temptress knew exactly what she was doing, She continued to lead with her hips, enjoying the feeling of Kevin's turgid tool getting bigger against her swiveling loins.

"Hold me tighter baby! You know you want to!" she purred, molding herself hotly against the aroused young man.

Kevin would later wonder what he had been thinking. Maybe it was the beer, maybe it was the chasers. Maybe it was the way that Sarah made him feel confident on the dance floor. Whatever it was, he suddenly he felt like one of the cool kids, one of the guys that got it on with girls like Sarah and Mia. He closed his arms more tightly around the nubile bundle writhing against him and pushed his boner against her receptive loins.

"Mmmm! That's better!" Sarah enthused, bending her knees and really going to work on her sweating dance partner.

"I don't know if Mia told you what happened?" Kevin groaned, barely able to think, he was getting so excited.

"But tell her I'm sorry! I was totally out of line. I'm really not that kind of guy!"

Sarah was only listening with half an ear. She was playing Kevin with practiced ease, practically dry humping on the dance floor. But she didn't want him to come in his pants. Mia's plan was more devious that that.

"Ummm Hmm! I'm sure she's over it! She even said I should dance with you and…"

"And what?…" Kevin asked, his eyed closed, lost in the fragrance of Sarah's hair as his cock throbbed against her twisting groin.

"And… do something…special… so you'd know there's no hard feelings! Something you'll really remember!"

"Unn!… Sarah?… Do what?" Kevin asked, suddenly realizing that if he wasn't careful he'd soon be making a mess in his pants.

Sarah could feel it too. She edged backwards out of Kevin's feverish embrace and took his hands in hers.

"Why don't you guess." she suggested, letting the tip of her tongue glide invitingly over her slightly parted lips.

Kevin's eyes went wide as a truly obscene possibility raced through his mind. He knew if he said anything it would be the wrong thing so he just stood there like a goof.

"Let's go up into one of those little change houses..." Sarah offered.

Kevin suddenly remembered his girlfriend who had been missing for some time already and he hesitated.

"I don't know. What about Leanne?" he ventured.

Sarah looked down pointedly at the big bulge tenting the front of Kevin's pants. She raised her sparkling eyes back to his, her lips puckered and her cheeks slightly inverted. Her tongue was testing the inside of her cheek. She held this provocative pose for a moment, watching Kevin's eyes glaze over with lust.

"I don't think this will take very long, do you?… She'll never know!"

Confidently Sarah took Kevin's hand. She pulled him off the dance floor and up to the little change room that was furthest from the groups of noisy party goers. She led the way inside and turned on the overhead light. It was just a bare bulb that had been painted red and barely illuminated the tiny room.

Kevin couldn't restrain himself. He grabbed Sarah in his arms and immediately pressed his mouth to hers. Sarah's lips parted under his and her tongue slashed into his mouth. She hunched against his cock briefly to make sure he was still hard. And he was! Rock hard! She shuffled backwards with him away from the door.

"Mmmm!" Sarah groaned in approval. Then she pushed herself back from Kevin's clumsy embrace. When he leaned towards her once more she stiff-armed him, keeping him at a gasping arm's length.

"What? …I mean…Sarah?…I thought…" Kevin stammered in confusion. The blonde smiled at his dismay. Then she calmly unbuttoned her shirt down to her belt. She took one of his hands, brought it up to her chest and slipped it inside her opened shirt. At the same time she reached down and undid the snap and fly of Kevin's jeans.

The eager young man gasped at the dual sensations of Sarah's bra encased tit thrusting into his palm and her deft hands unfastening his trousers. She pushed both his pants and his shorts down to the floor where they lay in a puddle between his feet.

Then she reached into her back pocket, pulled out a pair of tiny black riding gloves and slowly stretched them onto her hands.

Kevin was fully aware of his livid cock waving from his loins as he watched the tempting blonde in wonder.

"What are you doing? What are the gloves for?" 

"Something special, remember! Don't you want to see how they feel on your cock?" Sarah asked, sliding over so that she was pressing hotly against Kevin's side. Without waiting for an answer she closed her little fist around his boner just below his distended knob. With her other hand she tried to reach between his thighs from behind for his balls. But he was standing rigidly upright, his legs pressed tight together. He didn't want to move because he was afraid he couldn't hold it. After all her teasing, just the feel of Sarah's leather clad fist gently squeezing his erection was enough to make him ready to pop.

"Spread 'em for me baby! Let Sarah get her hands on those sweet balls of yours. "

Kevin gingerly opened his stance and Sarah closed her fist on his drum taut testicles, one finger at a time until she had surrounded his entire sac in her gently cupping palm.

"Unnn!…Oh Sarah!… Easy!… God!...Ahhh!… That feels so …good!…" Kevin groaned as Sarah deftly started to work him over with skilled hands. She swirled her cupped palm around his tender knob, sending lightning bolts of excitement ripping through his genitals. Kevin twitched and whimpered at her touch, tightening his loins frantically to try and control his urge to come.

"You like that? Umm Hmm! I'll bet you do! Look how much you're leaking all over my expensive gloves! You're going to ruin them you bad boy! Now don't you come without telling me! That would make me very angry!" she said with a coy, pouting smile.

"Oh God Sarah! I don't know how much longer I can … I mean…Ahhh!,,,! I'm sorry!…" Kevin groaned as his balls started to draw up excruciatingly in his groin.

"Don't! Not yet!" Sarah snapped, whipping her hand off Kevin's balls. She darted that hand into his crotch and grabbed the root of his shaft. She clenched his throbbing organ tight in the ring of her thumb and her forefinger. At the same time she closed her other leather clad fist around his shaft and began to jerk him swiftly.

"Unnnn!…Unnn!…Unnn!…" Kevin groaned in time with Sarah's shuttling hand. He eagerly fucked her coaxing fist in time with her stroking. Her clenched fingers at the base of his cock had him under control for the moment. But even that tight squeeze wouldn't restrain the gusher of sperm that was building in his balls for very long.

Sarah was getting a little anxious too. Mia should have been there by now. She could see how close Kevin was getting and she hoped Mia wasn't going to be too late.

It was at that moment that the raven haired beauty slipped into the little cabana.

Kevin was so caught up in Sarah's lewd masturbation that he didn't even hear Mia come in.

"Well there you two are! We were wondering where you were!.." Mia said, her eyes dancing with amusement as she regarded the lewd scene in front of her.

Kevin literally had to shake his head to see clearly. And there was Mia, her little fists planted on her hips, an amused smile creasing her lips. Sarah gave her girlfriend an artful wink while continuing her relentless stroking of Kevin's prick. 

For a moment his mind flashed back to Mrs. Lindsey's office and Mia's grimacing face impaled on his spewing cock. The memory only made him more excited, if that was possible.

Mia's unexpected entrance at any other time would have made him wilt like a wet noodle. But he was so close, his balls so tight, that he was helpless to do anything other than hunch into Sarah's coaxing hand. He was going to explode at any second.

"Mia!…I!...We!…I mean…!…Unn!…It's not what you…Ohhh!…" Kevin groaned, giving up his futile attempt at an explanation.

"Oh I can see exactly what's going on.!… You slut Sarah!… How could you!"

As Kevin watched, Mia had reached into her pocket and was putting on her own pair of riding gloves.

With the way Sarah was fondling him with her gloved hands, Kevin's excitement soared at the possibilities that this suggested.

"Did she tell you she was going to do something special for you? Something you'd really remember?" Mia asked, her eyes sparkling wickedly.

"Yeah!…Unn Hnnn!…She did!…" Kevin gasped.

"Well how's this for something special?" Mia asked with a broad smile. She took three quick strides across the little room. She stopped on one heel and the arc of her other leg came up swiftly as she drove her booted foot into Kevin's balls.

"Phwahhh!…" he grunted.

It all happened so quickly that Kevin hardly felt anything, at first. He gave up a little strangled grunt and a large whoosh of air and the next thing he knew he was on his knees on the ground, his hands flat on his thighs and little stars popping like flash bulbs in the corners of his eyes.

And that was when he started to feel the pain. It wasn't even like a pain. It was more like a rising nausea, like he was going to be sick to his stomach. He found himself gasping for breath and swallowing frantically to try and keep the nausea at bay.
