 Flight 2725 was three and a half hours into its four hour flight from Grantley Adams International airport, in sun-swept Barbados, when the flight attendant announced that they were beginning their descent into Miami. The Boeing 757 had provided a smooth and uneventful ride for Marissa, and she began to stir in her coach seat as she awoke from a dreamy nap. She'd made dozens of flights in her 45 years, but this one would become her personal favorite forever. 

Her flight was made heavenly by the gift Jon had sent her two weeks before - a pair of high-end noise-cancelling headphones, along with an .mp3 player, filled with four hours of hand-picked music just for this important flight. Instructed not to start the music until the flight had wheels up, Marissa did precisely that. The first few songs were familiar reminders of their previous encounters. A little Ziggy Marley, a little Bob Marley, and then a stream of other tunes that either provided the perfect groove, or included the lyrics that described Jon's feelings towards Marissa. Sting's version of Ne me quitte pas, Boris Gardiner's I Want To Wake Up With You, and There's Nothing Better Than Love, by Luther Vandross and Gregory Hines, all created a soulful, sensual ambiance to an otherwise bus ride in the sky. The headphones blocked out almost every sound, creating an intimate, personal experience for her, and she could already feel Jon in her presence. 

The package also included a sealed envelope, and instructions that she was not to open it until the airplane's descent had started. As that moment arrived, she anxiously opened the bright pink envelope and pulled out a greeting card, with the imprint "I Really Fancy Your Bum" printed on the front. Jon's handwritten note read, "Dear Marissa, by now you're just a couple hours from joining me. As you exit the airport, you'll see a driver holding a sign that reads, "Marissa Khan". Tell him that you're very anxious to see Jon. That will be the clue that you're the woman he's to take to our hotel. Once at the hotel, go to the front desk and find Felipe. He'll recognize you, and will give you a key card to our suite. Once inside our suite, the rest will be . . . obvious." She could already feel her thong becoming soaked in her hot, juicy wetness.

While her relationship with Jon had included a several day rendezvous in her native Barbados six months prior, and they had enjoyed hours of phone calls, emails and chats since then, there was still something daring and risky about this trip. Jon had only spoken to her directly about it a couple of times, mostly to arrange the tickets. But he was oddly quiet about it, preferring only to share discreet messages, as if he wanted it to be an intriguing mystery even amongst themselves. But he had paid for all of it, and she trusted him. 

After exiting the airplane, passing through customs, and finally making her way towards the airport exit, she spotted a plain, elderly Hispanic man, patiently standing near a doorway and holding the sign Jon had mentioned. With a deep breath, she walked right up to him, and relying on her faith in Jon, she said, "Hi, I'm really anxious to see Jon." The man nodded, grabbed her carry-on, and said, "Please follow me ma'am."

Within seconds Marissa was in the back seat of an air-conditioned Mercedes Benz

S-Class Sedan. Clearly a car used to serve customers that demanded more than simply a ride from the airport. The driver placed her luggage in the trunk, and sat behind the wheel. He looked in the rear-view mirror, winked, and said, "OK, all set ma'am?" Marissa smiled, slipped on a pair of sunglasses and said, "Of course."

The drive created more anticipation than the flight, even though it lasted only fifteen or twenty minutes. Her pulse quickened as they pulled into the Four Seasons Hotel entryway. The driver was confident and assured, and as he retrieved her luggage, Marissa was naturally propelled towards Felipe. After taking only three steps into the lobby, a young Cuban man approached her and said, "Hello Marissa, welcome to the Four Seasons. Let me show you to your suite. Here's the key." So much for searching for Felipe. Resisting a smile and giggle became laborious, but composure remained intact as the elevator whisked up to the 7th floor. 

"Here you go ma'am, please enjoy your stay." 

And there it was. All the subtlety and mystery, and now this marvelous reality. She walked into the luxurious suite, smelling the Stargazer Lilies artfully arranged in a vase, hearing the familiar sound of one of "their songs", and then, there he was. Leaning into the bathroom door frame, a showered and fresh looking Jon stood there, drops of water clinging to his shoulders. His body looked at least ten years younger than his 47 years. For a few seconds they stood basking in the stillness of the moment, both trying to absorb this long-awaited encounter. 

Walking towards him, smiling from ear to ear, Marissa embraced her lover. His cologne wafted into her, just subtle enough to pull her in for more. His mouth was minty fresh and delicious, and she could hardly feel her feet on the cool, tiled floor. They kissed long and hard, anxious for more, but not quite ready to break the embrace.

"Mmmmmm, Marissa, you taste as delicious as you look. Selfishly, I want you in my bed right now, but I can wait if you'd like to freshen up."

She glanced across the enormous bathroom, with its huge walk in shower and enormous mirrors. She noticed the specialty soaps and amenities, felt the humidity of his shower on her face. Such a dilemma. He would be hers for the weekend, so she chose to shower, under one condition.

"Only if you join me," she whispered to him. 

Her self-confidence had always generated a power over Jon. Within seconds, they were under the warm water and loving the soapy goodness of each other's naked bodies. Jon was playful and loving, not disguising his delight in finally being with his Caribbean goddess lover. He knelt behind her and in a worshipful manner, covered every part of her body that he could reach in bubbly, soapy, vanilla-scented suds. She closed her eyes and basked in this most erotic moment. Moments later, standing behind her, Jon kissed her ear and said, "I'll be waiting for you in bed." He then stepped out, dried off, and disappeared to the bedroom.

Peeking over to the vanity, Marissa noticed a carefully wrapped gift box, and small card attached. She rinsed off, stepped out and pulled on the thick cotton robe handing on the back of the door. She dried off, then freshened up in front of the mirror. Her curiosity of the box couldn't be ignored. She opened the card, which read, "Babe, I think you'll find the contents to be all we'll need for the weekend. All my love, Jon."

To her surprise, the box contained three bright colored thongs, a short, red satin robe, and a bottle of lavender massage oil. Under these, she detected other items. Moving away the tissue paper, she uncovered a bottle of lube, and two toys. One was long and thick, the other short and more narrow. She just shook her head and smiled. She looked up at the mirror and mouthed to herself, "Here we go!" She removed the cotton robe, slipped on a bright sea green thong, readied herself, and walked to the bed. Jon noticed every part of her as she joined him. The way her breasts pushed out against her robe, the enthusiasm in her step, and the slight giggle sneaking out of her all confirmed her lust for him. The covers were pulled down, and he lay there in only a pair of black silk boxer shorts. Almost on cue, Dionne Warwick and Kashif's Reservations for Two poured out softly over the room's stereo speakers . . . I don't want to lose you, you're the one I'm living for, and I need you here beside me, can't be without you anymore . . .

The beauty of their relationship is that Marissa knew that Jon would always have her best interests in mind, and would never think of doing anything that would hurt or upset her. Jon knew that Marissa trusted him, but also relied on him to be a man, to assure her of the pleasure that she required of him. So when Marissa crawled onto the bed, and her sweet Jon turned into an aggressive lover, she wasn't surprised at all.

She did moan loudly as he quickly climbed on top of her though. His kisses were frantic and wet and sloppy, as if he was trying to kiss more of her than his tongue could actually reach. His fingers interlocked with hers, as he nestled his body between her legs. She lay there, completely under his control, and watched as his kisses cascaded downward, settling on her swelling tits. Her hard nipples were aching to be plunged into his mouth, but her hands were locked in his, held down against the bed above her shoulders. Jon looked into Marissa's eyes, teasing her as he slowly extended his tongue onto her nipple.

"Mmmmmmm, yes Jon, oh FUCK that feels so good!" Her eyes closed as she felt the warm, juicy wetness trickle out of her pussy.

Jon sucked her nipples again and again, until he could feel her warm wetness spread over chest. He continued to move down her body, staring into her eyes, and kissing her belly. His tongue slipped into her navel, licking it as if fucking it with his tongue. He didn't stop until his mouth was on her pussy, and he moaned loudly as her sweet juices covered his lips and he licked all over and around her shaved pussy. Just when she was expecting him to suck her clit deep into his mouth, Jon pulled away, and with a teasing smile, said, "Now Marissa, aren't we forgetting something?"

He walked into the bathroom, and came back with the box. Placing the lube and both toys near them on the bed, Jon immediately settled back into position to go down on her. He reached under her ass, and used the leverage to pull his face tighter against her pussy. Her throbbing clit was now fully inside his mouth, and Marissa knew that an orgasm was only seconds away. She arched her back, grabbed the sheets in both clenched hands, and screamed as the best orgasm of her life exploded throughout her body. She could feel her juices squirting out of her, and all over Jon's face. 

Panting hard, she lay back, preparing for the next wave to hit. Meanwhile, Jon was pouring lube over the smaller of the two toys. As he returned to her pussy with soft kisses, Marissa could feel his lubed finger toying with her ass hole. The sensation of an object sliding up your ass always gets one's attention. Her eyes widened as she looked down at him, realizing now that he had just slipped a small vibrator up her ass, and its vibration made her whole body tingle. Without hesitation, Jon crawled up her, and kissed her mouth ravenously. Marissa could taste her pussy juice on his mouth, and it drove her wild. She wanted his hard cock more than anything. 

"Please Jon, fuck me hard, right now, baby, get that hard cock inside me!"

Marissa felt that Jon's cock was always in half erection state anyway, so she wasn't surprised that his shaft was at full attention now. It was so hard that it found its way into her pussy with little difficulty. Marissa lifted her knees up, allowing Jon's cock to fully plow into her pussy. She could feel the toy up her ass, and when his cock pumped deep inside her, she could sense the reverberation move up her ass. Jon fucked his lover with deep, pounding thrusts, smashing her clit against his tight core. She was cumming in steady streams now, and lost count at seven. Little did she know that Jon had set a goal of 10, and his cock wasn't giving up until she'd given him every one. 

After fifteen minutes of hard, steady fucking, Jon sensed what Marissa was afraid to admit. Her cunt just couldn't handle any more of his pounding. Jon pulled out of her, rolled next to her, and carefully pulled the toy out from her ass hole. He lay back next to her, in total sexual bliss. Completely in heaven. But also with his load still in his sack, ready to explode. He slowly got up and went into the bathroom, smiling all the way. Marissa could hear the shower start, and frowned that she hadn't made her man cum. She walked into the bathroom, and stood at the entry to the shower, a saddened look on her face. She could see that Jon's cock was still rock hard.

"Baby . . . . "she whispered. Her one word said it all. She wouldn't feel complete until her man shared his juices with her. She walked into the shower, staring into his eyes. Her hands glided all over his body, and slowly stroked his cock. She eyed the tiled ledge at the back of the shower, and nodded to it. She sat down on the bench as steam filled the area. Pulling him to her by his hands she leaned forward and placed her lips over the head of his hard cock. It felt so good for her to finally have her man's cock in her mouth. She sucked and licked him with the same care and attention that he had given him. Jon laid his hands on her head, and began thrusting his cock in and out of her mouth. Marissa's lips and tongue gave fantastic head, and Jon loved the stimulation she gave him. He felt himself building up fast, and Marissa could sense he was about to cum. She kept sucking him, digging her fingernails deep into his hard, tight ass. 

In a surprising twist, Marissa pulled her head away, and stood up. She stared into Jon's eyes with a suspicious, naughty look.

"I want this cock in my ass, Jon. I'm shocked you made me ask for it," said Marissa with a pouty smile.

Turning around, and bending over and bracing herself on the tiled ledge, Marissa wiggled her ass at Jon, and awaited the moment his cock slid into her tight ass hole. Jon immediately noticed that she'd already squirted some lube on her hole, and ran the head of his cock up and down her crack, coating his cock with lube. Holding her left hip with his left hand, Jon guided his cock into her tight hole. He could sense her grimacing in that sweet combination of pleasure and pain. As he plunged farther into her ass, Jon could feel Marissa squeezing her ass muscles around his cock. He only managed a dozen thrusts before his burgeoning volcano of semen erupted. They both groaned in pure ecstasy, as Jon's load exploded deep into her ass. Still holding her hips, Jon stood motionless for several seconds, unable to gather the strength to move. When he pulled out of her, Marissa stood and turned to him, wrapped her arms around his neck, and gave him a long, wet kiss. 

An hour later, in the stillness of their darkened room, Jon and Marissa lay sleeping in each other's arms. Their bodies had exhausted all the strength they could muster. And now, they lay intertwined, the ultimate proof of their love and lust for each other.