 Michael and Raquel had just gotten to the beautiful island of Maui. Michael had been stationed overseas and was now home. While he was away he had planned this wonderful getaway for him and Raquel. One neither of them would ever forget.

Michael was tall at 6' and a trim 195. He was muscular in all the right places. Raquel was so hot for him.. It had been over a year since she had seen him. A year since she had felt his 8 inch cock buried deep inside her hot shaved pussy.

Michael could hardly wait to get Raquel somewhere private. He had been gone for a while and he couldn't wait to bury his cock into that tight ass of hers. Raquel was a beauty. She stood about 5'6 and weighed about 120 pounds. She had the nicest set of tits Michael had ever seen. And he couldn't wait to lick and nibble on them.

Michael and Raquel got to their hotel room. It was a spacious room with a breathtaking view of the beach. Michael and Raquel both exchanged glances and looked out at the beach. At this time of the day it was all but deserted.

Raquel snatched a blanket off the bed and out the sliding glass doors they went. Michael scooped Raquel off the ground and into his arms and gallantly carried her to a deserted portion of the beach. He gently set her down and took the blanket from her and laid it down on the sand.

Michael took his shirt off revealing a smooth muscled chest. Raquel ran her manicured fingers across in appreciation. She looked into his eyes and saw the hunger. Michael bent down and fiercely kissed her. Plunging his tongue deep inside her awaiting mouth.

Raquel kissed him back with as much passion. Neither one being able to stand it. They started taking each others clothes off. Piece by piece until they both stood there in all their naked glory.

They came together. Touching each others bodies. Raquel, knowing what Michael liked, got down on hers knees and took the length of his shaft inside her hot little mouth. Taking her tongue and licking up and down the sides. Gliding the tip of her tongue across the glistening tip of his rock hard cock. Fast and hard strokes and then slow and soft. Back and forth until she felt his balls contract. His seed going down her throat and her swallowing every last drop.

With a dazed look on his face, Michael motioned for Raquel to lay down. She laid down and Michael bent down and started kissing her.. Trailing down to each nipple. Sucking and gently nibbling. Making her moan in pleasure. He continued with his little kisses. Stopping to nibble her inner thighs and finally stopping at her sweet smelling pussy. God how he had missed her tight little cunt. Not one to waste a moment, Michael drove his tongue deep inside her hot wet pussy. Raquel moaned in pleasure, grabbing Michael's head to keep him in place. Moving her hips in rhythm. He took his tongue and slowly glided it up to her clit. Immediately Raquel started screaming in ecstasy. Michael used his tongue to clean up her sweet honey.

By this time Michael, was hard again and was ready for Raquel. He plunged his 8 inch cock deep inside her soaking wet pussy. Raquel moving her hips to meet his. Both holding on to each other and they rode the waves of pleasure. Michael knew that Raquel liked to be fucked and she liked to be fucked hard. At this thought Michael started fucking her with wild abandon. Raquel's body started convulsing as yet another orgasm hit her.

Michael turned Raquel over and had her get on her knees. Taking his fingers and dipping them inside her dripping cunt, he took the sweet smelling honey and lubed up her pretty little ass. Working his fingers in and out that tight hole.

He then took his cock and plunged in. Raquel screaming part in pleasure and part in pain. Michael started out slow and as she got used to it, he started pounding her ass so hard they were coming off the blanket. Sand digging into their knees. Raquel's body started trembling and shaking as she felt another orgasm hit. This one more powerful than the others. As her orgasm was winding down, Michael's balls started contracting. He started pounding her even harder, grabbing a hand full of her luscious brown hair to keep her in place. With one last thrust, Michael came deep inside Raquel's milky white ass. 

They both laid down on the blanket. Both tired from the fun they just had. Neither of them saying a word, got up and grabbed the blanket and walked hand in hand, naked back to their hotel room.