 The Wicked Sisters

Behind the closet door strange things happen. Come on, be honest. Wouldn't you like to fuck your GF's sisters? Horny sisters can be a strange breed.

&&&&&&&&&&

Lil and Tina are Jo's older sisters who took pictures of me fucking Jo in their family home. Far from being upset, they demanded I fuck them anally and orally -- something Jo would not do for me. 

My daily routine had me finishing class at 3 PM or 4 PM Monday through Friday, then drive to Jo's for dinner. The ride was only 15 minutes. Jo didn't get home until 5:30 so I was alone fucking her sisters from between 1 to 2 hours. Yeah, it was good.

After a quick dinner, I left for work delivering pizzas until 11 PM. My sexual activity at the Ciccone's increased to as many as six orgasms a night -- my cock was not gonna survive. Tina and Lil had boyfriends but spent most of their free time plotting against Jo so they could fuck me, and told me as much. 

Fucking the sisters in various nooks and crannies quickly left me exhausted by the time it came for my goodnight fuck with Jo. I actually declined Jo's pussy several days in a row upsetting her to tears. 

I learned she cried to her sisters telling them I didn't love her anymore. They told her she was imagining things. Jo swore I had another lover but her sisters said they doubted I had any free time for another woman. 

Lil's and Tina's fucking infatuation with my cock was the exact opposite of their behavior towards their boyfriends whom they informed that I was the alpha fucker in the house. This is the first I ever heard of the term 'submissive'; it describes their boyfriends exactly.

Tina would only let Jim eat her pussy once a week while she told him how great my cock felt in her ass. As a treat she would give him a hand job every Wednesday and then make him lick his cum off "Michael's breasts". She said he came hard when he heard her say, 'Michael's breasts'. After a few weeks she made Jim watch as I fucked her and planted my seed in her ass. Jim would then eat the cum from her ass and jerk off and cum on the floor. His face was a study in ecstasy.

Her sisters loved keeping my cock away from Jo and devised strategies to divert her attention while one sister was servicing my carnal needs. They kept up this sham all the time we dated. Lil said they actually planned to follow us on our honeymoon to keep my cock well exercised. 

Lil dominated her fiancé Bernie like a drill sergeant abused the buck private. Poor Bernie was only allowed to eat her cunt and ass when she felt like it. He, too, had to listen as Lil described how she loved to deep-throat "Michael's enormous" cock. Bernie was a cuckold-in-waiting and he loved to jerk off as Lil retold each detail of her blow-jobs on me. Soon he was watching as I fucked Lil's mouth in her bedroom. His eyes were wide as he watched and jerked off.

When Bernie said anything that displeased her, Lil would have him get naked and sit in a small hall closet and jerk off until he collected a pint of his sperm in a cup. 

It may have been fate intervening the day Tina asked Jim to get a board game from the hall closet. Jim opened the door and found Bernie sitting naked on a little stool frantically jerking off. Bernie told him the story of his punishment and quota. Jim retrieved the game and brought it back to Tina without saying a word. 

Later that evening Jim and Tina were in her room and came to disagree on something minor. They had a tiff and Jim asked if he "Should get in the closet with Bernie?" 

Tina had no clue what he was talking about and went to the closet and found Bernie still jerking off with nearly a pint of semen in the cup. Tina told Jim to "Stay," closed the door and hunted for Lil. 

Lil was in her room with my cock in her throat when Tina came to the door. Lil waved her in and she gave me a wet kiss and let me grab her tit. I squeezed it hard because I knew Tina would become orgasmic and her face would flush. Tina grabbed my head and gave me a hard kiss and pulled away with a big smacking sound. 

"Where's Jo? she asked looking at me.

"She went to the store with your Mom. Then Lil said her throat was very dry and pulled me here."

"Sis, what's Bernie doing masturbating in the hall closet?"

"He was a bad boy so I made him call off work and sit in the closet."

"What is he gonna do with his cum?"

"I haven't decided whether to let him watch me drink it and give him a hard on; or make him drink it while I finger my cunt. I may even pour it on my boobs and have him lick me clean."

"I think Jim would like to be punished the same way. Do you mind if he gets in the closet with Bernie?"

"No, I don't mind." replied Lil. "Maybe the cup will fill faster with two of them sharing the load."

I was just trying to be a fly on the wall listening to the conversation and feeling very sorry for the guys. 

"Don't you dare tell Jo about this." I pleaded.

Lil got up, and grabbed my cock and pulled me along to the closet door where Tina already had Jim stripping his clothes and handing them to her. We watched as Tina opened the door wordlessly and closed it behind Jim.

"That should occupy them for a while, and you come with me." she ordered taking my cock away from Lil and pulling me to her own bedroom. She laid her torso over the edge of her bed with her feet on the floor and said, "Fuck me."

I was still hard from Lil's unfinished blowjob and impaled her ass in one stroke. 

She told me: "I'll tell Jo if you don't cum in me at least twice." 

Much later Jim and Bernie found us and showed us the full cup of cum. The sisters whispered to each other quietly and then sat me on the edge of the bed with my erect cock fully engorged. The girls got on all fours facing me and Lil handed the cup to Bernie.

"I want you to pour cum on my ass and lick it off. Give the cup to Jim and let him do the same to Tina. I want you both to keep pouring and licking until it's all gone."

I had a good view of the orgy performed on my cock while their boyfriends rimmed their asses and ate cum. I stayed hard for a long time before Jo and her Mom got home.

Jo's family was surprised when Lil announced she and Bernie were going to elope. Everyone was happy for the couple who would be living in the 3rd floor apartment of the large Ciccone residence while her Dad made plans to build them a home near Great Notch.

Lil was pregnant but still had me fuck her ass every day right up until her delivery date. The only change was the location as she now had a private apartment for me to fuck her. Bernie was now allowed to watch me service his wife. She would allow her husband to suck cum out of her ass and ejaculate over her breasts and lick her clean again. 

Little Alyssa was born eight months later. Bernie was no longer sent to the closet for punishment and was allowed to suckle Lil's tits alongside their daughter.

Jim would help Bernie babysit Alyssa while Lil and Tina continued to romp with me.

A year has passed by and summer was coming. School had already ended and Tony offered me a carpentry job working on Lil's new house. I couldn't wait to see how this would affect my liaisons with Jo and her sisters.