 WARNING: English is NOT my first language - I have learned it in school and practiced it a lot in trading, but this is (even though pornographic) supposed to be literature.

So please bear with me, or, if not, just read something else.

I also need to mention that the story is true, only depicting my personal experience(s).

All the names and/or places may have nothing to do with the reality...

*****

I'm "satisfying the military service" - it's a must, compulsory, and, in spite of the very high influence of my parents, I simply don't want to look like a sissy, in front of my friends, family, and, generally, the society...

I'm on a leave, going home, on the train...

It takes only two hours and a half to reach my town.

In spite of the fact that it should be spring time, still, looking outside the window, I can see that it's... snowing!

I really hate it, especially when I have to hold in my hands the automatic weapon while training...

The metal is utterly cold, and... unpleasant to touch...

Anyway, now, with my leave ticket in my pocket, I know that for three days I shall be free to forget about the ordeals of the military service...

I get out from the compartment, light a cigarette, watching the snow flakes...

In spite of the snow, I can feel that the train is running with full speed, ignoring the bad weather...

I hear a door opening, at some compartment, neighboring mine, and instinctively look in that direction - the nice looking coat, covering her boobs, the nice and smooth looking skirt, her blond hair, even the so feminine boots, everything make me looooong for the civilian life, with all it's finesses...

It's almost two months since I haven't touched, not to mention fucked, a woman...

It's true that I have my daily portion of booze, illegally introduced inside the camp, but booze simply cannot compensate the touch of a woman...

Also, I'm cocky enough to do not accept to go near the camp, at a certain place, where, with quite little money, you can do your thing with some, so called, professionals...

The only reason I jump over the fence, from time to time, is to go and buy some booze...

Anyway, the woman has surely sensed a guy ogling at her, so that she turns her eyes towards me.

I almost don't have the time to move my prying eyes from her shapes, towards the window...

To my surprise, I'm blushing...

I've already smoked more than a half of my cigarette, so that I crush the rest of it into the ashtray, and, somewhat in a hurry, I enter back inside my compartment...

Here, the other five people are reading, while two of them are dozing...

After about a half of an hour, I sense some movement in front of the door of the compartment.

I look, and see this woman looking directly towards me.

When she realizes that I see her, she simply makes me a sign with her hand to come out...

I blush again, like a virgin, but have enough balls to raise from the bench and get out of the compartment...

The dialog starts smooth:

"Hi, I'm Michelle, and I'm coming back from Constanta, where my brother is serving in the military"...

I introduce myself, still blushing, while she's giggling:

"God! You, boys! What the heck are they doing to you over there?!? You blush as if you were fifteen! Still, don't worry! I won't tell!"...

She looks directly in my eyes, making me blush even harder...

"Now, will you please be a gentleman and light my cigarette?"

I oblige, with an almost trembling hand...

I also grab my pack of cigarettes and light one...

She looks at my military signs, concluding that there is no way that I could be a comrade of her brother, then, she starts telling me that her brother was engaged, and, how his beloved fiancee has found, after only four months, another guy, and how, since they know each other since they were kids, the lady has asked her to go and give the bad news to her brother, and how he is now trashed...

My only comment is:

"At least, she's been a lady, asking you to come and tell him, instead of sending him a cold, impersonal letter"...

She keeps on asking me about the life inside the unit, the restrictions, the lack of a female touch, making me feel, after some time, that blushing is just a natural state...

I need to admit that I'm really making huge efforts to stop myself from touching her coat, her hair, her face...

I promise myself, as soon as we arrive at Bucharest, to go to a pay phone and make a call, or two, and ask one of my old fuck buddies to come at my place.

I'm sure that this young lady feels how turned on I can be, but this seems to please her, so that she keeps on tormenting my soul...

Her wicked smile makes me feel like jumping...

I simply keep on commanding myself to try and stay cool, but my balls and dick seem to have a certain initiative of their own, ignoring me...

I also sense that Michelle is frantically changing her position, permanently, moving her legs, and, at a certain moment, with all the movement of the air in the train, I do smell a certain perfume, a scent, that, most probably comes from between her legs...

She simply bursts into laughter...

It so happens that I do know that some women, with training or without, can manage to masturbate themselves only by frigging the upper sides of their legs, making their labia and clit have enough stimulation for even orgasming...

I also do feel that the head of my dick is already swimming in precum, but... we are on the train, and, also, we are supposed to be civilized people...

After I don't know how many cigarettes, and almost at Bucharest, Michelle turns to me, puts a hand on my shoulder, and tells me:

"I'm not sure, but I think that I can find a place where nobody will disturb us for an hour, or so"...

Fortunately, this time I don't blush, and, also, I have a quick answer:

"If you agree, we better go at my place, where nobody will disturb us, not only for an hour!"...

She asks me if I have a telephone at home, and if she can make a call or two...

I confirm.

We finally arrive at Bucharest.

She doesn't have any luggages, nor do I, so that we simply take a taxi and go at my place.

On the table, in the kitchen, there are lots of goodies, since my parents know that I'm supposed to arrive much earlier than them.

I ignore the food, but grab the bottle of whiskey, find two glasses, and get into my room.

Nothing is changed.

I start the music, as if I've left yesterday, and pour some whiskey into the glasses...

Now, believe it or not, but the atmosphere of my home makes me, somehow, recompose myself - no more blushing, or insecure feelings...

"Now, Michelle, you probably have heard that the conditions over there aren't ideal, so... what if we first take a shower together?"

She looks at me, smiles:

"Well, if you think you can take it"...

The second after, she simply starts undressing herself.

With my military training, it doesn't take me more than thirty seconds to be completely naked, letting Michelle see a hardened dick, full of precum at it's end...

Into the tub, she makes me sit, then she starts washing my hair - in fact, very short - but the way she massages my scalp makes me feel as if I'm in heaven...

She then continues with my back, this time using a loofah, and my chest...

The water is warm, and, honestly, if it would be only after me, I would stay like this for hours...

She showers me with tons of water, while I stay, letting her do to me whatever she considers...

Gosh! How good it can be!...

After some time, too short from my point of view, she asks me to rise and turn, facing her...

"Now, baby, you must be loaded like a firemen cistern. Let's first solve this problem"...

With no additional comments, she grabs my semi erect dick and starts stroking it.

In a minute, I'm there, letting her know, so that she lets me spray her face, but taking great care to have her mouth and eyes sealed, shut...

All right, so she's not a sucker...

In fact, who cares?!?

I've just released myself after about two months of abstinence...

I feel a pain deep down in my balls, but the pleasure seems to overwhelm the pain...

I can also see two tiny spots of blood, swimming in my cum...

And... no, my dick doesn't deflate at all, so that it's again, ready for action.

Michelle sees that too, so that she raises, after showering her face and chest, then, stops the water and grabs a towel and dries me, then dries herself...

When we lay in bed, and I stick a finger between her labia, I realize that Michelle has avoided to let the water wash away her cunt juices.

She's simply wet down there, making my dick slide inside her with no problems at all...

The only problem is that after I enter her with two thirds of my throbbing dick, I'm already touching her end of the tunnel, so that I sense that she's starting to feel some pain...

Still, she doesn't try to stop me, or something, but she's jumping when I go too deep...

I know how loaded I can be, so that I take the caution to ask her about the place where she wants me to deliver my second load...

She simply smiles, slapping her belly significantly...

In less than a minute, I'm out of her, with my dick in my hand, spraying her belly...

I am perfectly aware of the fact that she hasn't, yet, orgasmed, which makes me feel somewhat bad, but, since I know and trust myself, I'm sure that the third time we'll have a real good fuck...

Michelle takes a napkin, cleans herself from my sperm, then jumps out from the bed and takes a seat on the arm chair, lighting a cigarette, and sipping from the glass of whiskey...

I follow her, doing the same, then we stay for a few minutes, listening to the music...

After she finishes her cigarette, Michelle stands up and starts getting dressed...

Gosh! What?!?

"Michelle, you must be joking! Really!"...

She looks at me, surprised:

"Now, what?!?"

I'm bewildered:

"... What,... what?!?"

She's working with the clasp of her bra:

"Now, soldier, you've had your way with me, you've emptied yourself, what else do you need?"

I cannot stand it anymore. I jump from my seat and embrace her:

"Now, woman, if you think that this is it, either you are joking, either you are crazy!"...

I cannot tell what is better convincing her, my words, or my already erect dick, poking into her belly...

She acts as if she's in a trance...

The bed, the pillow under her butt, her legs high up towards the ceiling, while my dick is stretching her fucking cunt in a gentle, but firm manner, smashing her cervix with each and every stroke, while I'm eating her lips, her neck, her nipples...

Gosh! Female skin! Fuck! I really feel so good coming back home!...

After almost an hour, I finally decide to ejaculate again.

This time I am the old fucking myself, in control of everything, knowing that Michelle has orgasmed more than five times, knowing that I've delivered her some portions of pain, when, in spite of her efforts to stop me, I've entered her, balls deep, letting her shower herself in perspiration...

Now I know that she's been fucked, fucked for real!...

I take a great pleasure watching my jizz spread on her belly and tits, then, under the shower, I love to see how her blond hair darkens, in spite of her protests, while I make it wet with the water spraying from the shower...

I know very well what I'm doing - she won't be ready to leave, with the weather outside, before she dries her hair for a while...

Anyway, if it would be after me, I wouldn't let her go until tomorrow...

She's obviously upset, since I'm ruining her plans...

"Now, I wanted to see my brother's ex, tell her how things went on!"...

I simply pour some more whiskey:

"Why don't you ask this fucking bitch to come here, and let me fuck her brainless, just to show her what a fucking bitch she can be?"...

Michelle looks at me, somewhat surprised...

"... Err, are you really serious?!?"...

"Gosh! Of course not!"

"You know, I'm so so so really sorry for my brother and this ugly situation!"...

Now, my balls are finally emptied, and I am relaxed...

"Now, baby, can I be straight and blunt with you?"

"Meaning?"

"Meaning that your brother is, for real, a very fortunate guy!

If that fucking cunt, after only four months of separation, has found herself some other carrot to fill her fucking orifices, isn't it better, for all of you, that you have sorted out a situation, that, later on, would have probably finished in the same way?"

Michelle is admiring the model of my carpet - no comments...

After some time, she almost whispers:

"I simply wish that my brother would be seeing the things as you do"...

I am a man of action.

"Well, honey, you'll have to let me know his name, and I promise you that I shall pay him a visit at his unit.

I'll take the liberty to have a chat with him, if you only let me, and don't mind...

Just a man to man chat"...

Michelle is delighted. I can see it in her eyes:

"Will you do it? Really?"

"Honey, if I can, without any promise, even more than that!"...

In the morning, I have let Michelle go home, and seen her again after a day.

The following morning I was supposed to take the train and go back to Constanta.

We've fucked like rabbits, enjoying each and every moment.

Back at my unit, I ask for permission to enter my commander's office.

He, of course, accepts - we are, in fact, friends by now, but this isn't a thing to be displayed in front of the others...

As usual, he opens a drawer, grabs a bottle of whiskey and two glasses, he pours, then I start telling him, in just a few words, how I've been spending my leave...

He keeps on asking, teasingly, of course, for details about the sister of the so unfortunate soldier...

Well, what can I do?

Finally, I simply remind him that he's a married man, and that I can always visit his wife, and tell her about the "habits" of her hubby...

Now, seriously, he realizes that the commander of the unit where Michelle's brother is serving is an ex colleague of his, from the academy, so that he calls him, gives the guy some details - name, department, and... in one hour we have the pleasure to see Michelle's brother inside my commander's office.

The commander doesn't let me speak, it's his speech, this time, while the poor guy is... bewildered, to say the least...

After, let's say, a half of an hour, I am "ordered" to take the guy and let him "meet" a beauty beside our unit.

He knows the name, the room number, in fact, everything, letting me guess that he has also visited the place...

I also need to mention that he grabs some money from his pocket - those ladies don't make love for free...

My "mission" is to take care, so that the guy won't be caught by the MP's...

Who am I to refuse the direct orders coming from the highest commander of my unit?!?

After a week, surprisingly, I am, again, on a leave, this time together with Michelle's brother...

At Bucharest, in the train station, there is a beautiful and happy girl, named Michelle, who's simply jumping into my arms, thanking me crazily for helping her brother get out from his depression...

Somewhere, a few meters behind, there is a girl, a beauty, awaiting for us to finish embracing and everything...

As Michelle tells me, in bed, a few hours later, that girl has been craving for her brother for ages, but has had never had the chance to approach him, due to his... ex fiancee...

Anyway, I'm now absolutely sure that he is free of any suicidal thoughts...

THE END