 "Hello?

"Hi, this is F.

"Hold on a second...OK, F., I have Micheline’s number for you."

I wrote the number down.

"Thanks. Bye."

I hung and picked up the phone in a single move, then dialed the number.

"Hello?

"Hi. Are you Micheline?

"Yes.

"My name is F. I got your number from the Agency.

"Hello F. How are you?

"I’m fine, thanks. How are you?

"Not too bad, so to speak.

"I’d like to know if we could meet someday and get to know each other.

"Why not? That’s why we joined the Agency, didn’t we? Tell me when you want.

"Wednesday, would it be OK for you?

"....Yes, that’s OK with me. Could we meet at Place des Ternes?

"I’ll be there. 6pm?

"Just fine.

"See you then.

"Good bye."

***

I parked the car in a nearby street and walked to the metro exit on Place des Ternes. In the distance, I could see some women waiting for the bus. I knew she was blonde but I couldn’t tell who. The bus arrived before me and I slowed down to observe. Fortunately, only one blonde remained on the sidewalk when the bus was away. She was petite with a round figure, wearing black leather jacket and skirt.

"Hi. Micheline?

"F? Hi.

"So...

"So?

"...do you want to have a seat and drink?

"Sure."

We went to a nearby pub. We talked, telling each other’s life story. She was divorced with one child and looking for friends, hoping she might find true love again.

"I want company, to go out, to have a good time. I’m not that old to live like an old maid.

"You’re right."

Time passed until it was too dark to see each other. We left the pub and wandered around, looking for a place to eat.

"Say, I know a place not too far from here. They make great pasta.

"Oh, yes. I love pasta. Show me the way."

The waiter took us to a quiet table, the right place for a candlelight diner, except that there was no candles.

We ordered and started eating. After the antipasti, she pulled out a pack of cigarettes.

"You smoke?" I asked.

"Yes.

"That’s too bad.

"Why so?" she asked.

"It’s a drug and it’s lethal.

"Yes, but it’s legal."

We resumed eating and, with some helping wine, the atmosphere got warmer. She was about to take another cigarette when I stole her pack.

"Could you give it back, please?" she asked.

"I know I shouldn’t but I trade you one cigarette for one button."

She was wearing a tight T-shirt and minutes before I had teased her about the way her generous breasts stretched the upper buttons to the edge of explosion.

"OK," she said, decreasing the pressure and revealing more of her décolleté. 

"That’s a pretty sight," I said, pulling out a cigarette.

"Thank you," she replied.

I wondered if it was for the compliment or the cigarette she was now smoking.

Minutes later, she asked for another one.

"What is it for this time?" she asked.

"Another button?" I asked.

She gave me a penetrating stare. I didn’t know what to think.

"What about that..." she said.

Her hands reached for my head and pulled it gently over the table to meet her lips.

I had been taken by surprise and the time I realized and wanted to give it back she already had released my head and sat back in her chair, smiling.

"Well...I guess that’s worth two cigarettes," I said.

She laughed and I laughed with her, handing her her pack back.

She lit a cigarette and the fire in her eyes was not a reflection of the flame of her lighter.

We kind of raced the end of diner. We left the place and headed for my car, chatting carelessly.

"Here it is," I said. "Did you like it?

"Yes," she answered. "Thank you.

"You’re welcome."

Acting natural, we embraced and kissed. A long, deep kiss. Our lips parted, not our bodies.

"I could get used to liking that," I said.

"Me too."

We kissed again. And again. Our eyes met and an unsaid signal passed between us.

I opened the door for her and settled at the wheel.

"Your place?" I asked.

"I never accommodate. Do you know a hotel somewhere?

"Why don’t we go to my place? It’s not too far from here."

We went, remaining silent, flashing smiles at each other.

"Do you want a drink?" I asked when we arrived.

"No, thanks," she answered.

We started to undress slowly, each of us taking care of the other’s clothes. Both naked, we fell on the sofa and fondled our bodies. Ready for action, I reached for a condom and put it on. She was waiting, laying on her back, legs spread wide. I settled myself on top and entered her pussy in a single move. We kissed. She grabbed my ass and guided my pumping moves. I could tell she wanted me to come fast, increasing my tempo whenever I slowed down. I didn’t last long and I shot my load in a long fulfilling spasm.

"Was it good?" she asked.

"Yeah," I answered. "How about you?

"It was good too."

She seemed satisfied but I didn’t believe her totally.

We talked a while, still embraced. I caressed her big breasts and she got excited again. I went to the bathroom to get rid of the used condom and clean my dick. When I came back, she licked it gently until I was excited too. I put on another condom and laid back.

"Come on top," I asked.

She took my pole in her hand and guided it into her hot pussy. She started riding me at a cool pace, taking her time. She cupped her breasts and squeeze them, making her moan. So settled, I enjoyed seeing her control her orgasm with fire in her eyes.

"You like it?" she asked.

"Yes, you’re beautiful," I answered.

"Oooh...that’s good. You’re so nice..."

My compliment had touched her more than my caresses. Leaving her breasts, she put her hands on my chest and rode me wildly. She uttered louder and louder screams until her whole body arched back, quivering. I felt her vagina vibrating around my pole.

"Come now, come..." she said.

We rolled. I grabbed her hips close to her ass and pumped slowly in short strokes. Every four strokes, I gave her a long one, going all the way in, bumping into her cervix and making her scream again. I kept pace, counting in my head.

After a few minutes, she couldn’t take it anymore.

"Come now, give it to me....I want your jizz..."

I couldn’t take it any longer either and I let my sperm go.

We remained glued, catching our breath, for a long moment. We could have slept together but she insisted on going back to her home. We dressed and I drove her back. We exchanged a long deep kiss, promising to meet again someday.