 As usual, she was running to the stop as I pulled the bus to the curb.

The other passengers boarded, and I waited until the young, lovely blonde girl stepped on board, out of breath, breathing heavily.

I could only admire the way her small breasts rose & fell, nipples prominent, thru her thin summer pullover dress.

"I missed you Friday", she panted, holding on to the farebox as I pulled away from the curb.

"I overslept an hour, I missed seeing you, too", I admitted, looking at her smiling face and lovely nipples, in the mirror.

"From now on, cell me, when you are not going to pick me up", she joked.

"I've thought of offering such a service, but didn't think such a lovely young lady would need it, obviously, many young men would stop what they were doing, in order to take you anywhere", I bantered back.

She rummaged in her purse for the fare, said "I'm particular about my drivers", pulling $2 from her wallet.

"Alright!, I've made the Deans List", I told her.

"My name is Michelle, and I'm serious about your calling me when you are not driving", she handed me a business card, on which she had written "At 6am, one way or the other".

I read the handwriting, and said "Surely you jest, One way or the other?".

Smiling, she said "I told you, I'm particular", as we slid smoothly to the next stop.

The rest of the journey downtown was uneventful, Michelle had taken her usual seat, where I could see her face in one of my mirrors, and she often smiled brightly at me, until she got up at her destination.

She rose to stand beside me, bending to see out the front window, grasping the farebox, and placing her near hand on my shoulder, flexing on my frame, as she said, "Call me at noon today, my lunch, so I can get your cell too", and departed with a wave & another bright smile.

I dropped the rest of the passengers, took the bus back to base, went home, changed, took out my cycle, and headed to the lake, to pass the time, until noon.

I put a few miles on the odometer, stopped at a store to purchase a cold beer, then back to the lake to sip it, as I dialed Michelle's Cell.

She answered with "Ok, right on time, just as I like my drivers".

"What else can you do, that I would like?", she joked.

Laughing, I said "Well, I give a good massage, minor electrical, plumbing & phone work".

"I like them all, but I think you need to prove yourself to me, before I let you do any 'minor electrical or phone work', when are you available?".

"Depends, I have two jobs, one morning, one evening, & I'm off Friday & Saturday".

"Well, this is Monday, what can you do in the meantime?".

I said "I am off from 9am to 2pm, weekdays, what tools do I need to bring?", I was getting into her banter, enjoying myself.

"Massage oil, I would think, unless you're one of those strange fellows who does it dry", she laughed.

I joined the laughter, saying "I can give a dry massage, but find it much more enjoyable, and sensual, using oil, I like the way the oil pops, as I pass my hands over warm skin, and the fragrance mixture of the oil, and your warming flesh, as your body rises to caress my hands, as they slide over your nude body, and the gentle moans of comfort, as my fingers & thumbs, dig gently into your yielding flesh".

"OOoooo... I think I shall have to miss your morning ride into the city, tomorrow, if that's the way it's going to be under your hands".

"You could do that, and call me later to give me your address, or you could make the trip in the morning. After your run, I take the bus back to base, and pick up my car, then you could guide me to your home.

"Well, I never allow a fellow to know where I live, on the first date, how about your home?".

I told her "That would be fine, I won't have to load the massage table into the car, that way, I can have it setup, and the stage set, when you walk in".

"I like the sound of that, it's a date... what is your name?".

We chatted a few more minutes, ended the call, I finished the beer, cycled home, setup the table, fresh cut flowers from the garden, laid out the oils & perfumes where the sun would warm them, and went to my evening job, thinking about Michelle, almost constantly, until I pulled up to her stop the next morning, after calling to verify I would indeed, be driving that day.

She was already at the stop, but let everyone else on first, then leaned against me and the seat support, as she fumbled in her bag for fare.

"I hope you're up to a good massage, because I certainly am", she told me quietly, dropped in her fare, turned & found her usual seat.

We played Eye contact games, until she was the last passenger, the folks who usually got off after she did, gave us both sly glances, and a few comments, as they deboarded.

As the last one got off, Michelle changed seats, to sit closest to me, as I drove back to base.

I told her I had setup the table the previous evening, all she had to do, was disrobe & get on it.

We chatted about good massage, the different types, and I told her I only know 3 kinds of massage, "1 - Matronly, that I give to a relative stranger to relieve muscle aches, 2 - Her Husband Is In The Room massage, and of course, my favorite, the third, Sensual massage.

"Which am I to be given?", Michelle asked.

"I always start out the same way, with the Her Husband Is Watching, then, I take my cue's from you, if you seem uncomfortable, I stay at that level, never dipping into the most satisfying, and enjoyable of massage".

Michelle rose from her seat, grasping the farebox with one hand, leaning her body against the privacy partition, her other hand encircling my neck, caressing it's way across my shoulder, down my belly as far as she could reach, bending until her mouth was next to my ear, and said "I think I would like the 'deep, enjoyable' massage, if you please", and returned to her seat.

We pulled into the base driveway, I gave Michelle my car keys, showed her which remote to press to shutoff the alarm, told her to start it up, get the air conditioner turned on full, I'd be back as soon as I parked the coach.

When I returned, she was behind the wheel, motioned for me to get into the passenger side, and with some misgivings, did as I was instructed.

She pulled out of base, onto the freeway, across the bridge, I showed her a shortcut to the lake, which we took to within a block of the house, I guided her into the driveway.

I opened a pocket knife, to cut a few more flowers for the house, and as I washed them, & placed them into vases with the other flowers, she looked around, commented she liked the room, with the table laid out in front of the fireplace, soft music from the stereo, blinds gently blocking the sunshine, making the room dim, and comforting.

I moved the sun-warmed oils & perfumed waters from the table by the window, placing them within arms reach of the table, poured two red wines into tall water glasses, handed her one, toasted to a good massage.

She looked at the glass, said "There is no need to relax me, I'm comfortable".

I said "The size of the glass has nothing to do with trying to get you drunk, it is the only size glass I have, that will fit into the holder on the leg, there is tubing made of surgical hose, so you can sip whenever you like. That's why the wine is cut with mineral water".

"Now, you will find a robe in the bathroom, center drawer, you can hang your clothes there, I'll also slip into my massage robe".

I returned a few minutes later expecting Michelle to be standing, sipping her wine, but she was already on the table, face down, adjusting the clip on the 'straw', of her wine glass.

I spoke of flowers, oils, sunshine, as I approached the table, selected an oil, put a few drops on the back of her hand, asked if she like that one, or the 2nd oil, I put on the back of her other hand.

She selected one, I put the other out of reach, lathered my hands with the one she had selected, slipped the bottle into the pocket of my wrap-robe, moved to the top of the table, and started transferring the oil from my hands, to her shoulders, back & arms.

We continued chatting about the room, atmosphere, scents, as I slowly became mesmerized by the lights glinting off the oils on her skin, inhaling the odors emanating from her flesh, my ear close to her body, to hear the oils singing out from under my hands, those little sounds, unheard, unless the ear is within an inch...

I became aware she was making small sounds of pleasure, slowly I became aware I had massaged from her shoulders to her feet, and was back up to her pelvis, thumbs pressing firmly into her buttocks, the hollows, rotating thumbs, hearing her moans.

When the moans stopped, I moved on, up onto the small of her back, her breath would catch, I would work the area, until she breathed gently again, moved up, around her shoulder blades, to the side, lifting her arm, my fingers tracing the bone socket, muscles, stretching, gently placing her arm to her side again, across her shoulder, the other arm, then stood quietly, until she breathed a great sigh, and her lips found her 'straw'.

After sipping, she raised her head, quietly said "Paul?", I answered "Here... when you are ready, turn over, I'll do your other half".

"This is the best massage I've ever had, you're really talented".

"Mostly the atmosphere, I'm an empathic masseur, I forget where I am, who I am with, I go into some sort of soft trance, let my 'fingers do the walking'", it's not really me, it's just my hands & arms express something I find in you".

"WhatEver", she said turning over, "Do Me, More".

I started dry, on her forehead, temples, eyesockets, pressing her sinus', nose, jaw, to her neck, then spreading oil on her skin to below her breasts, I deeply massaged her shoulders, each arm, to the fingertips, back up the arm, across the muscles under the breast, then found my hands starting a sensual massage of her breasts, small as I like them, and still a handful.

I pay no attention to the massage, just let myself enjoy the breast massage, until I notice Michelle is moaning & slightly moving her body, then I revert to my #2 massage, working the muscles of her ribcage, waist, hips, and as I begin working the front of her thighs, I feel her hand massaging my butt, down my leg, up under my wraprobe, massaging my buttcheeks.

I sidestep away from her hand, telling her "I've got a massage to complete here, my lovely Michelle, be patient, greater pleasure awaits".

I continue working her leg to her toes, working all the bones against each other, the muscles, back up her thigh, work her pelvis, teasing around her vulva, across to her other leg, duplicating the first, back up, and still standing at the foot of the table, I begin incorporating her vaginal fluids into the oil massage, the difference in odors is exquisitely changed, as I massage her pubic area, I lean further & further forward, until at last I can smell her vaginal perfume, pure, without the oil's presence, I blow gently on her engorged & flared vulva, I lick gently, tasting, her knees spread, I glance up, her fingers pull her nipples, she digs her heals into the sheet, I lower my nose into her pussy, my forehead mashes her clit gently against her bone, my tongue licks from her anus up into her pussy, scooping fluids, I raise my head, my nose pressing against the top of her vaginal opening, nose then across her clit, followed by my mouth, lips encircle, massage, fuck her clit between my lips, tongue darting out to wipe across it, as it is held tightly between my slippery, confining lips, reversing roles, her clit fucking my pussy -lips, it only takes a few moments, she comes, my hands grasp her hips, to hold her on the table, to hold her clit in my mouth without bruising her, she reaches down to hold my head against her pussy, she strains long, strongly, shudders many times, cycling thru the strong strain, then the shuddering, 3 or 4 times, until finally, her fingers lose their grip on my head, her body relaxes onto the table, I gently lick her fluids, caress her outer lips with my tongue, gently suck her pussylips into my lips, sucking her, licking, until she begins to move, she slides one leg over my back, crooked, so I can continue licking her pussy, she says "If I had only known, I'd have been here the first day I met you...", and pulls her winestraw to her lips.

After licking her gently for a while, clearing all traces of oil from her vaginal area, she begins moving again, thrusting herself against my mouth, her fluids begin to coat my face again, her voice turning husky with her rising excitement, "Can we move to someplace where I can move against you too, a bed perhaps".

I help her rise, lead her to the large shower, start the constant temp water flowing, wet her body, turning her around, using the nylon web to spread the soap over her entire body, my fingers & hands ensuring the suds enter every crevice, until she faces the end wall, legs spread as my hands massage her breasts, up over her shoulders, pulling myself against her, as my penis enters her pussy from behind, a few strokes, the water washes our lubricants off, making our coitus uncomfortable, we part, rinsing, step out, with large towels, we dry each other, imperfectly.

She slides down my body, kneels on the thick rug, takes my cock into her hot mouth, I try to distract myself, start up the hairdryer, begin drying her hair, as she massages my penis in her lovely mouth.

It becomes a game, she trying to make me cum, I try not to.

She very nearly wins, I step back, shutting off & laying down the dryer, I take her hand, help her rise, step into her arms, we kiss gently, wetly, our hands play over each other's body, I pull her down the hall to the bedroom, sheets turned down, cool to our fevered bodies, we lie down, twist & turn against each other, our mouths making love to the other's body, we pause for a while, in the classic 69, she on top, the difference in our heights making our mouths fit perfectly to the other's genitals, we bath each other in saliva, then mix our copious fluids into the oral massage, we turn about the same time, she slides her body up mine, my penis so erect she does not need her hands to place it to her opening, her pussy so wet, my cock easily enters her body, tightly spreading pleasure, as she slides her body around me, I feel as if I'm being born again, the sensations are so very intense, the rest of my body, in jealous sympathy, feel as if her pussy is caressing my entire being, and rightly so, as my entire attention is encased within her hot, slippery body, as she impales herself on my sword.

She shudders a few seconds, strains, shudders, relaxes, then begins to move on my body, fucking herself with my body, she intensely stares into my eyes, as if to pull me out thru my eyeballs, as if she is trying to see into my mind, wanting to know if she has at last, found her "other half".

We move against one another, slowly straining for a while, finally losing control, slamming our bodies together, we roll, her on the bottom, I rise on my knees, I thrust into her body, my hands planted firmly above her shoulders, holding her in place, as I ram myself into her, slamming against her clit, madly, consumed only with the need to ravish, her body eagerly meets mine, her hands grasp my arms, holding herself in place, willing my body to pierce hers, harder, her hair damp again, her body bathed in a light sheen, she grunts as she throws her head from side to side, as she too, enters into the total abandonment of fucking, how long I have often wondered, it seemed as if hours had passed, we both lost in the madness, consumed, by the fire of the sex we shared, finally, slowly, our movements grew less frantic, exhausted, our bodies slid together, each moving to lie partly on our backs, never letting our genitals loose contact, neither of us having cum, breathing harshly, we begin to laugh, as our bodies slowly recover, we both knowing we found such an event truly unique, such energy consumed, and yet, my penis still so painfully engorged, still trapped within the confines of her belly, and so very, very 'at home'.

I start awake, surprised I had dozed, realizing I was still erect in her body, my body begins to move of it's own volition, the sensations on my penis so pleasurable, it was almost painful, suddenly, I understood Masochistic-pain, and as I realized this, it fled my understanding, as I dropped below the pain sensations, my cock delivering only pleasure sensations, and I realized I had only stroked into her body once, and withdrawn, and was starting the second stroke, and she awoke, evoking a sound combined of a yawn, great pleasure, and lust.

Her arms snaked to my body, her legs pull me to her, we lie side by side, looking into each other's eyes, trying to pierce the soul, wondering at the exquisite companionship we each feel, as we move against each other, never wanting it to end, wanting it to extend to the rest of our lives, hoping for increased awareness of each other, daring to believe it could evolve into true telepathy.