 It was a day like today, just an ordinary day in which ordinary things are done. My laundry needs to be done, got to clean-up the hard-drive in the computer & install that new virus software, check on investments-should I sell or hold? Nothing like being retired a lot earlier than you'd anticipated. Still, new house, and its the same old thing.

I instead opted to go to the Supermarket, due to no laundry soap. You know how you get distracted, one thing needs to be done and another pops-up before your eyes. So, off to the Supermarket down the street a ways.

There I park in the lot, discovering the HUGE banner proclaiming the store's one-year-anniversary. No matter, I've got to go inside, I pass the huge radio station truck hoping not to be noticed. I try not to be noticed most days by people I really don't want to be bothered with, regardless of their good or modestly greedy intentions on my wallet.

I step through the automatic doors, and I'm greeted by a young lady with a striking resemblance to "Mack" on the television show, "JAG." She's only 18 or so, but an incredibly sweet smile, brilliant eyes that are a soft brown, darkish brown hair that is much longer than "Mack's" hair is on the show. Nice eyebrows, well-shaped and thin. No make-up to speak of. And, nicely proportioned, perhaps a 36-C or so, or larger, the buttons on her blouse seem to strain a bit, nicely I think and smile as I have now encountered her near the entrance doors. Her name tag says she's Michelle.

"Hi! Wouldn't you like to win the new Jet Ski??" she asks earnestly, face full of brilliance that only youth have when motivated. I smile, "No, Michelle, not really, it would hurt my back," I fake-reply hoping I can get past her table & a box that holds the numerous cards asking for your name, address, phone numbers (to be later sold to telemarketers to annoy you at dinner.)

"Oh, pleeeeze?! You could always give it to little ole' me...." That statement makes me look back at her. Now I realize for some dumb-luck reason she's given me a come-on. Me? Nice, so unexpected. The bounce in her eyebrow, I love that. The bedroom eyes, she's a tease. And, the leaning down in front of me, a hand supporting herself on the table (she's short, 5' 2" or so) and idly pointing at the various other "prizes" on the table intrigues my eyes-fabulous cleavage. That lacy white bra really is pretty, but I bet there's next to no support it provides-but I can tell she needs no support.

"O.K., I'll sign-up... for you, Michelle. What...other ... prizes could I win," I ask flirting back. She doesn't miss a beat. A dozen items on display-the runners-up prizes--and she tells me, "Well, there is the possible prize of a 'personal assistant' for a shopping spree in the store...." She's looking at me and smiling a devilish, coquettish smile. Nowhere is there a prize like that on the table; but it gets her boss off her back, knowing he can see from a distance that she's trying her best to get me to sign-up on the small paper forms. I smile and ask her, "Tell me more, who'd be my personal assistant and how much for the shopping spree?" She smiles some more, shifts, and her breasts tantalizingly sway and wiggle inside her blouse, her smile intoxicating me. "Me! You can ask me where to shop and buy what you want in the store, and I'll show you where the items are!" Such a fun young lady, she's 'hooked' me into signing. I fill out the card, and ask her when do I win? "Oh, well, I guess this is your lucky day! I get to do this once a day-and you're my first." She says this with a lot more intonation in her voice. Words said that give me pause, a stir in my loins, and the full knowledge that buying laundry soap in aisle 12 isn't all that she's talking about.

We walk through the store, I picking-up a couple of other items now that I'm in here that I need. She stops me at a couple of places and tells me "this would be good," with a saucy & sexy leer to her voice & eyes. For example, some Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Saffron Oil. The Cool Whip in a can that's chocolate. A loaf of bread, "Can't forget why you're here...to get bread," she says full of herself at the obvious double-entendre. She moves her hands up and down her body, in that aisle, caressing her breasts and rubbing one time between her legs. Her nipples are firm now, poking through the bra & thin blouse, after that stunt. The "oops" bumping caress of my trouser's front of her by her luscious ass in a short skirt, as she bent over to get the oils really got me firm....erecting. I can't begin to tell you how erotic it was as she tried to describe the various cucumbers the display had, and how handy each one was and how well it fit, I mean tastes.... A lovely giggle, I've wished for one in such a soft lovely voice for a long time.

We did finally find some laundry detergent and spot remover ("Never know what sort of dirtiness one will get on one's clothing, will you?" she smirked), and I paid for the items. "Will you need my help taking your items out to your car, sir?" she asked in all innocence and business-like for her nearby boss. Surely, she's 'played' guys before, in High School, etc. She's pretty smooth. 

"Well, yes, that would be thoughtful, very accommodating of you," I reply. We walk out to the side parking lot, and I remotely-unlock my P.T. Cruiser, dark blue. She really likes it, the car. I've got the rear hatch-back open, I'd parked so it was facing the lot, and the rear faces the rear empty fields behind the store. She takes her two items, and noticing the rear-most seats are missing, places the bags of toilet paper & paper towels way forward, bending over and stretching. She reaches so far over that her short black skirt rides-up, to just below her white-with-huge-black-polka-dotted panties. Cute butt, wriggling, she's lost her balance. I offer to help her up, and she instead turns and falls onto her back. "Oh, my, look what I've done," she says naughtily.

Facing me now, her legs wide apart, and her skirt wrapped-up around her waist, her skimpy thin panties are so visible. She's looking at me, and says, "This is where I'm most useful as a personal assistant. What could I do for you now, sir?" Her finger rubs her panty, slipping inside.

"I'm Mike, and you could let me nibble your pussy," I say with obvious overheated lust starting to roar through my body. I reach upwards to her, and she lets me between her thighs, and I start to flick her pussy with my tongue, taking swipes as I've easily moved the stretchy panties to the side.

"Oh....OH!" she exclaims, evidently I've discovered something she likes. She arches her pussy more to me, her feet flat on the bumper, knees up, and resting on the grocery bags containing the paper towels. I keep at her, swiping and slathering and slurping her pussy. So easy to get to, her panties now off, I keep tonguing and sucking her pussy's clitty. She's obviously enjoying this, her moans such sweetness to my ears. Her hot panting breaths, and incredibly wet pussy, and thighs that squeeze my head as I now latch onto her clitty, sucking it between my lips. She quivers, and humps & moves, and moans louder. My hands are under her cute ass cheeks, holding her tightly, making her pussy "one" with my sucking mouth. I tongue-strum her clitty, sucking it like a milk- shake through a soda straw, sucking and sucking and sucking it so that she can't help but explode in a noisy orgasm, very squishy, and full of quivers and shaking, her thighs crushing my head. 

"Whew, I could barely breath, I need to catch my breath," I tell her. She is laying there, catching her breath, too. 

"Gawd, where have you been my whole life?" she asks me.

"I've just moved-in nearby, if that's what you mean." I'm so hard I ready to fuck her silly.

"Hmmm....nice, but first, you must continue your kindness...." she says with an obvious pointing at my erection. I unfasten my shorts, and she opens her eyes wide, full of anticipation of the fucking she's going to get. I'm not huge, but my years of bicycling have given me muscles.

"Oh, my, that's a nice one," she says as she opened her thighs again, and let me slide into her hot pussy. I thrust into her after my initial easy slipping inside of her. "Oh, yes! Like that, I like that, harder, fuck me harder, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...." she says, over and over, her next orgasm starting to build as we find a comfortable rhythm, me on my knees and fucking her with such force her boobs finally bounce out of her skimpy lacy white bra inside her blouse-all askew now, too. She urges me onwards, whispering too loudly past my ear as I reach down with my hands and grasp her ass, fucking her pussy with total abandon, as hard and fast as I can go.

Then...the initial lusty humping past, I slow down and stop, letting my cock soak inside her pussy. She's amazed, "Is that it?" No, I tell her, I just need to pause a moment. I'll start again in a moment. She is nearly as gleeful as a small child (well, she's not that far past a small child, now that one thinks about it.) Such a lovely face, eyes sparkling, so full of enjoyment. I start slowly stroking back into her, and she fully loves it, moaning at me to keep going just like that, don't cum too soon, please. I stroke into her slowly, building again to a faster and faster rhythm, until this time, she's wildly biting my collar of my shirt, screaming & pumping her hips through her orgasmic bliss, her pussy nearly milking my cock and I cum.

I hump and spurt copious amounts of baby-makin' jizzm deep into her hot wet pussy. Each thrust makes me squirt a shot of hot thick goo that makes her eyes snap wide open. I roar and pant in time with my cumming into her, and she answers with moans, my collar a gooey mess now. Finally, I'm only good for 7 shots, I slow and then stop my thrusting. She sags back onto the bags of groceries, and is worn-out for the moment. Full of goo, too.

"Oh, my gawd, that was fabulous! Jimmy always wears a condom, and you're much better than him, can you teach him, please?" Michelle asks me all in a panting rush.

I'm stunned. I'm exhausted, fucked-out, and wonder at her last comment. What has started?