 We met online on one of these dating sites both looking for a cyber relationship to fill the void in our busy lives. Over a couple of days we were chatting, chatting about our favourite colors, work, family; in short bonding. She worked for a business firm in her local town and had been divorced for a while now. Living in the same time zone helped, over lunch we'd catch up. Exchange details of our day so far, what we were having for lunch...

One day late at night we were chatting as usual when she mentioned she's now going to bed. I was already in bed naked and suspected this was her hint. Taking the lead, I typed "I'm horny." It was not the most romantic line, but that's how I felt, I needed release.

She replied, "Can you tell me what you do when you feel horny?"

My heart skipped a beat! Fingers tingling I typed back, "Holding my cock. More?"

"Yes", she replied.

"It's getting harder and I'm beginning to stroke it. More?"

"Yes", she replied.

"I'm erect", was my next response.

She replied, "Do you want me to send a pic? My nipples are erect right now."

I returned the favour and sent her a pic of my rock hard cock.

Very quickly one thing led to another and a pic of her, smiling wonderfully, in a low cut beautiful dress in her favourite color appeared on my phone. I imagined holding her sexy waist, imagined what lay up her short skirt. I continued teasing her with my words. "Sucking your succulent breasts, and then flicking with my wet tender tongue your erect nipples."

"Mmmmm! You're good at this sex talk", she replied. "Mmmmmm, I'd love to suck that big cock of yours, I'm touching myself all over now."

Taking this as a further cue, my attention shifted to her thighs, but not without first passing by her navel and soft mound. I was caressing her thighs ever cuming closer to her smooth slit oozing her hot juices. While looking at the pic she sent me, I imagined her opening her legs wider for me and the pleasant erotic scent of her juices filling my nostrils.

"I'm so wet you'd slide in easily now!"

This was moving so fast, I was stroking my cock ever faster, looking at her gorgeous pic!

She was moaning and had a finger in her pussy - "in and out" - she typed. "Where are your hands now?"

"On your sexy curvy hips pulling you in. And their moving a bit back to hold your firm ass pulling you closer."

"I like that", she wrote back.

I imagined going in and out of her tight cunt with shallow teasing strokes at first. She was silent now as I typed my carnal thoughts picturing her working her pussy lapping up my words. I kept the sensuous words cuming, deeper I went, in and out.

Then she wrote, "Will you spank me?"

I ignored her request and continued with deeper faster strokes. Pausing to nibble on her nipples, the left first and then the right one. While still thrusting, a bit slowly now, I nibbled on her neck and imagined her eyes rolling back in their sockets. With her head turned to the side, I proceeded to her ear, nibbling on it and inserting my tongue in, while my dick was thrusting slowly, embraced by her cunt. After a while, I typed, "Spanking your ass."

She responded with a deep longing moan and I imagined her in ecstasy as she read my words and worked her pussy for me with the same passion I was working my throbbing cock for her.

"I'm soooo wet!! I want you!! Fuck me, it's yours!!"

I could tell she was very aroused. I pictured her in her bed, one hand in her pussy and another holding her phone reading my seductive words. Writhing in sweet agony.

"Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ah Ah Ah Ah! Don't stop! Go faster! And deeper! Fuck me! Stroke your cock for me!"

My cock covered in pre-cum was beginning to twitch. I was close. Looking at her pic, seeing her words, stroking my cock, heart thumping, I was so aroused and so ready to pump out my white hot cum.

"I'd suck your hot white cum out of you cock", was accompanied by an emoji with the middle finger raised. "Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ah Ah Ah Ah!"

Maybe I can finish this with you? Drop a message. ;-)