 Dearest Greg

I am in a dream, as I see, from across the wide marble floor of the art museum, your face again. It's too much of a coincidence! I saw you earlier, I'm sure at the fountain in the park. I was watching the cute little stone cherubs peeing into the water, while you were staring up at the muscular nude goddess towering above the main geysers. And I'm pretty sure that was you last night standing on the bridge over the Seine, gazing dreamily into the churning water. Now, here at the museum, our paths intersect again.

I decide to follow you for a while. First you are drawn to a huge painting that depicts maybe a dozen nude men and women cavorting in a Springtime glen. Next you stop in front of a realistic sculpture of a nude man and woman in a deep embrace. Their polished granite surfaces remind me of the sheen of sweat that would be covering my skin if I was in such an embrace. My curiosity about you started as an interest in the coincidences. but now I am feeling the very first tendrils of desires snaking up through my muscles. These desires seem out of place here in this public place.

Finally, there you are in front of a gigantic abstract painting that is filled with massive swirls of intense colors. I'm not sure if this is what the artist had in mind, but the power of the painting is, for me, absolutely sensual and even erotic. The crimson reds and flesh colors evoke images in my minds eye of all sorts of body parts: open vulva... rounded buttocks... erect penises... rubbery nipples... wet lips and tongues.

It was obvious to me what was on my mind, and as I pulled my eyes away from the magnetic image, I turned to look over to see if you had moved on. No, you are still staring up at the gigantic tableau. I can't help but to let my eyes travel down your body. You too have sex permeating your experience of this painting, for the front of your khaki trousers is tautly stretched over an upthrusting erection. In staring at the result of your interest in the painting, I almost think I can see your cock pulsing slowly inside your thin pants.

I've never been a particularly brave or up-front person with strangers. But here I am alone in Paris. Nobody knows me or will scold me for being brazen. So I take a deep breath and move quietly towards you. Paying no mind to the dozens of art lovers wandering around the gallery behind us, I sidle up silently beside you and turn my face up toward yours. I say in a husky whisper "the painting is having the same effect on you that it is on me". And with that, I let my head turn slowly downward and give an obvious stare at your tented crotch. I can't believe that I am doing this, but what the Hell!!

When I look back up, you have turned towards me and we stare into each other's eyes for what seems like hours. Part of me wants to run away as fast as I can, but instead, I take your hand in mine. I know my palm is moist, but yours feels even hotter. I start to lead you across the floor, but you seem bewildered. When you start to ask a question, I reach over and put my finger over your lips to silence you, and then I press the tip of my finger between your lips, against your teeth. After a moment of resistance, your teeth open, and I slide my finger in over your tongue and worm it around slowly. The surprise in your eyes melts away, and I can see that you are willing to trust me about this. You know that I have your pleasure in mind, as well as mine.

I take your hand again and continue to lead you, till we stand in front of the elevator. Getting in, I press the lowest button, which takes us down to a dark vaulted hallway. It seems like we have gone back in time to the Middle Ages. But I know my way around, having been an art student in Paris many years ago. In the dark, we shuffle down the hallway, and I open a door into a huge storeroom, lit by bare bulbs way above us in the echo-filled arches overhead. It's so eerie and mysterious, and I tingle with excitement. 

Just as we pass through the door into this room, I circle behind you and reach around to cup your crotch, quickly confirming that you have not lost your erection. A quick squeeze, and then I push you forward from behind, 'til we stand in an area surrounded by erotic paintings and sculpture. This is where the museum stores away the masterpieces that are considered too libidinous to show to the public. The museum staff keeps them on display for their own research (we know why they really keep up the display, don't we?).

You stand in awe, body rigid with curiosity and shock , and I don't feel any more inhibitions about what I'm doing. I drop suddenly to my knees (the cold hard concrete is such a contrast to the feelings coursing through my veins) and pull open the button at the top of your fly, then rapidly yank down the zipper. And without wasting a moment, I hook my fingers into the waistband of your tight designer jockey shorts and pull down your pants and shorts all at once. Your cock thrusts up into the air, arching up toward the faraway ceiling. I tell you to step out of your loafers and pants, and then I blow a stream of air onto your cockhead, which is fat with your hot blood engorging it. 

I tickle you balls and you spread your legs. You almost seem to be in a trance as I purse my lips over the tip of your cock and gently milk your balls. When I take one hand and press the tips of my fingers up behind your balls and press upwards and forwards right in front of your asshole, I push a dollop of precome up through your rigid cock, and it drools out onto my lips. The taste is so salty and enticing. When I draw my head away, a thin string of your come stretches between my mouth and your throbbing cock. It's clear and glistening, like a glass-blowers string of hot drawn glass. Suddenly, I thrust my head forward and suck your cock in as far as I can stand and give you a series of short, hard sucks that make your knees shake. Then I pull away.

You look down at me in seeming disappointment; but I smile broadly, lips still wet with your come. And then I lead you over to a large stone sculpture depicting two figures that are maybe twice life size. The man is sitting on a smooth stone, and the voluptuous woman is seated on his lap, her back against his muscular chest. She is impaled on his cock. Actually , all we can see are his balls, but it takes little imagination to picture his penis far up inside her belly. Her face is turned upward and she is obviously is in the throes of ecstasy.

I pull your turtleneck up and over your head, and then tell you to climb up onto the sculpture and seat yourself on the woman's lap. The marble must feel icy cold on your sweaty ass, for I see you squirm and your cock bobs around. As you finally settle into a comfortable position, I tease you with striptease that is not in the least subtle. I feel so absolutely brazen and wild, but not a bit guilty about it. And I love the feeling of being so much in control. Not once have I given you any choice about what is happening. Not that I think you are complaining. Far from it.

Naked now, I caress my breasts and push them up toward my face. I can just barely stretch out my tongue to flick at the tips of my nipples, and they are stimulated into blunt points like large pencil erasers. Then I drop my right hand down onto my thin cunt hair, and squat down. My knees spread wide, and I watch you watching me, as I make long strokes up and down between the lips of my cunt. My right hand continues to milk at my breast, pinching hard on my nipples. My head swings back and forth splashing my long blond hair around my shoulders. 

Behind me, I know that there is another sculpture of a nude life size male, standing straight up and with an obvious erection. He is uncircumcised, and the ridges of his skin are polished yet textured. He is made of glistening bronze. Without looking back, I shuffle my feet, gradually propelling myself backward until I feel the cold hard metal phallus on my rear. I lean forward and grasp my knees, then ever so slowly let my weight shift backwards, and the bronze cock of this ancient god gradually spreads my labia and then penetrates up into my vagina. Again, the extreme contrast of hot and cold. It sends shivers up my spine, and one hand reaches down to stoke my clitoris. I can feel all of the hard folds of skin and the raised veins on this god's magnificent cock.

When I look up at you, your fist is around your hard cock, and you are jacking yourself off. Sternly, I command you to stop doing that, that you must save all of that for me. Although you seem surprised by my determination, you nevertheless follow orders, and you place your hands on the outside of your thighs, gripping the stone thighs of the woman you are seated upon. Your cock glistens from the precum that you have drawn out and onto your cock. I make a few slow thrusts back and forth on the god-cock and it feels so good. The metal is warming and is so slick with my watery juices. The smell of my sex is all around me. Then I pull off of the cock, and lean over to it and lap up some of the wet coating.

Now I come over to you, and climb up the sculpture. Facing away toward the silent god the that I have just finished fucking, I straddle your legs and drop down all at once onto you cock. It seems to be just as hard as the god-cock, but it certainly is not as cold. I'm still wide open from being fucked by the god (no ... I guess that I fucked him, didn't I?), so your long cock goes all the way in without any real resistance. There is now stopping me now, as I've got my second wind. Your hands grasp my hips firmly, and we work together to lift and drop me, up and down, in and out. 

My breasts are swinging around wildly. My hands are on your knees for balance, and I look down to see your beautiful wet cock revealing itself and then hiding away, again and again. My swollen cunt lips wrap themselves around it, trying to pull you back in each time you pull out. Below are your hairy balls, covered with my dripping juices. And below your balls are the stone balls of the man underneath all of this frenzied action. Another contrast: the absolute stillness of the sculpture, and the abandonment of our coupling above.

Since your grip on my waist is obviously firm, I reach down with one hand and start fondling your balls, and with the other I go back to rubbing and pinching my nipples. Your balls are wonderfully sensitive, I discover, because after only a few seconds of my treatment, you are already orgasming. As you start bucking around in ecstasy, I need to reach above me to hold onto the head of the woman above us. I pull myself upward and hold my position as you thrust upward several more times, and then fall backwards, your cock slipping out.

You look dazed, but I still haven't gotten to have my orgasm. I'm certainly not going to leave that situation remedied, so I pull you up and take up a new position on the sculpture. I lean my torso forward onto the woman's thigh, and my head rests just in front of the commingled crotch, my lips almost within reach of the stone man's balls. My rear is positioned just over the woman's knee, and I tell you to let your mouth pleasure me. You stand on the floor, and your head is right at the level of my cunt. As you stare at my swollen cunt and imbibe the strong aroma of our juices, I squeeze my cunt muscles a couple of times, and I can feel your pearly semen slipping out and down onto the stone. But I don't want to wait, and I insist that you get to work.

Your first few licks are hesitant, and I realize you aren't as used to tasting a man's come as I am. But it doesn't take you too long to get into the swing of it, and pretty soon you are lapping in long swipes that start on my clitoris and end up all the way up to my navel. It's a dreamy feeling, but eventually I ask you to concentrate on my clitoris. Which you do eagerly. Our combined juices are still dripping down onto your tongue and then I feel two of your fingers push into me. I can hear the squishing sounds as your fingers probes around, and I describe to you where my G spot is. After a few attempts, you find it and I encourage you to rub it firmly with a circular motion. 

I then reach behind me and pull my ass cheeks apart so that you can have total free access. Your thumb lightly caresses my asshole. My clitoris, my cunt, and my asshole are all being stimulated at once, and I add to this by massaging my breasts into the stone woman's thigh. I stare ahead into the joining of the woman's cunt with the man's balls. As I stretch my tongue out to lick at the cold juncture between the two of them, you nibble down hard on my clitoris and suck my labia up into your mouth. That's perfect, and I immediately go over the edge and into an incredible orgasm. I'm coming and coming. I squeeze down hard on my ass cheeks with my hands. Wave after wave washes over me, and your fingers vibrates over my g spot. I gulp in air between the electric pulses of each pounding wave, and my cunt clenches down on your fingers. I feel my asshole palpitating around the tip of your thumb. My orgasm lasts for so long,... until finally it subsides, and I take a moment to get my wits about me. 

Then I push your face and hands away and give you a deep kiss, sliding my tongue deep into your mouth. Then, I quickly hop down off the sculpture, and while you stand there in shock, I put on my clothes and walk away, through the door. Just before I step into the elevator, I shout back to you that I'll be in Geneva all next week and I'm guessing that we'll meet there. It will be your turn to be in control.

Well my love, I guess I should awaken! I hear the alarm clock telling me that it was all a dream. However, in just 14 hours I will again return to you and Paris, within the safety of my dreams.

Love

Michelle