 Michelle lived across the street from my wife and I. She's a cute 29 year old Italian girl, 5'4", 110 pounds, long dark hair about half way down to her butt. Michelle and my wife became fast friends, and she was over to our house quite often, for dinner, just hanging out, stuff like that. At first Michelle and I were just friendly to each other, since she was my wife's friend. Still I enjoyed it whenever she came over cause she was a sexy thing. She enjoyed wearing skimpy outfits that showed off her body, and she didn't seem to mind my stares. As she was around more and more we became pretty good friends ourselves. At some point she started to tease me. At first it was a simple hug when I got home from work, which worked its way into a peck on the cheek, and then big wet kisses on the lips. This occurred when my wife was in the other room, so she never knew what was going on. This went on for some time, and I never really gave it a second thought, just figured Michelle was having a little fun with me, and nothing more.

One day in early December when I arrived home from work, my wife and Michelle were in the kitchen as usual preparing dinner. 

My wife yelled "Hi honey," from the kitchen. 

Michelle came out, said "Hi," kissed me as usual, and then grabbed my cock thru my pants. That caught me by surprise. After that things changed a bit. Whenever she could Michelle would flash me her tits. Nice B cups with small nipples. One day we were watching TV in the living room, my wife went to the basement to do the laundry, Michelle stood up, flashed me her tits, then undid her jeans and slid them down, showing me her cotton panties. 

"You want to see more, don't you?" she asked. 

"Of course," I answered. 

She turned around and bent over, showing off her panty covered ass. Just then my wife started coming back upstairs, so Michelle quickly pulled up her jeans, fixed her shirt, and sat down on the far end of the couch like nothing happened. The following weekend I was watching a football game in my bedroom, the wife was watching something else in the living room. Michelle as usual, came over and was watching TV with my wife. At some point Michelle needed to use the bathroom, which is upstairs with the bedrooms. I was sitting on the edge of the bed when she came in. She pushed me down on the bed, then straddled me, and laid a big fat kiss on my lips. I tired to grab her breast but she slapped my hand away. I did manage to grab her ass. She jumped up and went to the bathroom. When she was done she went back downstairs, but not before flashing me as she stood in the bedroom doorway.

It was the week before Christmas, and Michelle wasn't around much, at least when I was home. Maybe I went too far by trying to grab her I thought. But life went on. My wife and I put up a tree in the living room, the lights and all the decorations. Two days before Christmas and my wife goes out for some last minute shopping. The mall is open till midnight so I don't expect her back anytime soon. I turn off all the lights in the house, except the Christmas tree, then settle down on the couch to watch some TV. After half an hour or so the doorbell rings. Its Michelle, she has no coat on, just jeans and a white sweater that shows off her belly button. 

"Come on in its cold out there," I said. She comes in, hands me some cookie cutters.

"I'm returning these, your wife let me borrow them," Michelle said,

I took the cookie cutters into the kitchen. When I return Michelle is standing in the middle of the living room, her back to me, looking at the Christmas tree. I admire her sexy body for a second, then walk up behind her, wrap my hands around her waist. 

"Your tree is so beautiful," she said, turning around in my arms. Our lips meet, but suddenly she pulls away. 

"Where is your wife anyway?" she asks. 

"She's out shopping and won't be home for a while." 

"Then I should go." 

"No you can stay," I reply. With that I pulled her towards me, wrapped my arms around her, and laid a big kiss on her lips. At first she didn't respond, but then she kissed back. My arms were wrapped around her, just above her waist. She put her arms around my neck as we continued to kiss. My tongue found its way into her mouth, as my hands dropped to her ass. She offered no resistance so I reached up with one hand and fondled her breast thru her sweater. Again there was no resistance so I led her over to the couch, we sit down, and continued our kissing. This time I slipped a hand up her sweater, then under her bra, and found her little nipple. I rubbed her nipple, then gently squeezed it. Michelle moaned. I pulled my hand out and tried to pull the sweater over her head. She stopped me. 

"We shouldn't be doing this, what if your wife comes home?" 

"Don't worry, just relax and enjoy the moment," I replied. 

Again I lifted her sweater, and this time she let it come off. I reached behind her, unsnapped the bra, pulled it off and threw it across the room. Now I have full unrestricted access to her lovely tits. I fondled one tit with my hand, sucked the other into my mouth. I ran my tongue around it, the over the nipple. Michelle seemed to be relaxing a bit, as she leaned back and moaned. I moved over to her other tit, and sucked that like I sucked the first one. Michelle had her head back and her eyes close, obviously enjoying the attention her perky little tits were receiving. I started kissing down her chest, down to her belly, tonguing her belly button. With one hand I unsnapped her jeans, the unzipped them. I pushed the jeans aside, exposing the top of her panties. I continued to kiss her body working my way lower. At the top of her panties I pushed them down a bit, exposing the beginnings of her pubic hair. I kissed her there. 

Suddenly she pushed me away, stood up and fastened her jeans. She grabbed her sweater from the floor, looked around. 

"We can't be doing this. Where's my bra?" 

She stood in the middle of the living room, naked from the waist up, turning, looking for her missing bra. I came up behind her, wrapped my arms around her waist, kissing her on her neck. 

"I know you want this Michelle, so just relax and go with it." 

I then slipped a hand down her jeans, into her panties, and found her clit. 

"But your married, and this is wrong," she said. 

"Don't think about that, just enjoy the moment." 

I slipped a finger into her steaming hot pussy. She moaned, leaned her head back onto my shoulder as I rubber her clit. She dropped her sweater, and with my free hand I undid her jeans, this time pushed them down and she stepped out of them. Now only clad in white cotton panties I led Michelle back to the couch. She sat down, then leaned back on the arm, as my mouth found her tits again. Her nipples were still rock hard, and I teased them with my tongue. My hand found its way back to her crotch, slipped into her panties, found her clit again, which was also rock hard. After stoking it a few times, I slipped a finger into her pussy. She spread her legs a bit, allowing easier access. I slipped a second, then a third finger into her. I started kissing down her body again, down her belly, kissing her belly button, finally reaching the tops of her panties. I pull my hand out from her pussy, then kiss her pussy thru the panties. She moaned a bit. Reaching up with both hands, I grab onto the waistband of her panties and pull them down. She lifts up her hips and I slid the panties down her legs. She steps out of them. Now her dark triangular bush is exposed to me for the first time. I can smell her musty sent as I move in. My tongue finds her clit, rubs it a few times, then I suck it up into my mouth. As I'm doing this I slip a finger into her pussy. Her hips start bucking, she grabs my head and pushes me further into her pussy. I slip my tongue into her pussy, tongue fucking a few times before returning to her clit. 

"Oh yeah, suck me suck me," Michelle moaned. 

Then her thighs start to squeeze my head, she's moaning louder, I can feel her pussy quivering, her pussy juices flowing all over, as she starts to cum. 

"Oh my God, Oh my God," she moaned over and over. 

Her back arches up and then she explodes in a giant orgasm. One last "Oh my God" and Michelle settles back into the couch.

As Michelle relaxed on the couch I stood up and stripped off my clothes. My 8 inch cock was rock hard and ready to go. I knelt between her legs, rubbed my cock on her juicy slit. Michelle reached down and grabbed my cock, stroking it. She lifted up her knees and spread her legs, then guided my cock into her waiting pussy. I push in slowly, sinking all 8 inches into her hot wet pussy. 

"Now fuck me hard," Michelle ordered. 

With that I started thrusting in and out pretty quick, and soon Michelle was moaning again. I reach up and massage her tits, squeezing her small nipples. I can feel her pussy starting to quiver on my cock. 

"Oh my God," she said. 

I continued to pound into her, she start bucking again. Suddenly I pulled out, she gave me a what the fuck are you doing look. I pulled her off the couch. 

"On your hands and knee babe." 

She quickly followed my orders. Now on all fours, she turned to look at me. I moved in behind her, grab her hips, once again slid my cock along her pussy before burying it in one deep thrust. Michelle let out a long moan. I start pounding into her pussy with a regular rhythm. Reaching between her legs I find her clit and start rubbing it. She pushed back to meet my every thrust, driving my cock in deep. She's moaning, starting to quiver, her orgasm is building again. I reach up and grab a handful of her hair, pulling it, like a cowboy pulling on a horse's mane. I pull harder on her hair, her head comes back, and I thrust in even deeper. Her pussy starts to grip my cock even tighter, she's really starting to buck now. I pull one more time on her hair while thrusting, and she has a massive orgasm. Several more thrusts and I feel my orgasm building, then suddenly I explode deep in her pussy. 

Michelle falls to the floor, I fall on top of her, trying to recover. My shrinking cock slips from her pussy and I roll off her. Michelle props herself up on her elbows, looks at me.

"That was great, why didn't we do this sooner?" she said.

Just then a car pulls in the driveway. 

"Oh my God its your wife," Michelle says, jumping up and grabbing her clothes. 

With our mixed love juices dripping from her pussy she pulls on her panties, then her jeans. I'm quickly pulling on my clothes too. Grabbing her sweater she looks around, unable to locate her bra. 

"Where the fuck is my bra?" 

The side doors opens and Michelle goes "oh fuck it" and pulls on her sweater. I turn on the TV, and we sit down on opposite ends of the couch. 

My wife walks in with several bags, sees Michelle, and says 

"How long have you been here?" 

"Not long, I was just returning your cookie cutters and decided to watch some TV with your hubby."

My wife said "Well I finished my Christmas shopping, got a few more presents for under the tree." 

She then proceeded to the Christmas tree, opened the bags, and placed the wrapped packages under it. As she was doing this I noticed Michelle's missing bra, it was about 3/4 of the way up the tree on one side, hanging there just like any other Christmas Tree ornament. I looked over at Michelle who had noticed the bra too. My wife stood back from the tree. 

"That looks nice, all those presents under there," She said. 

Michelle went over to my wife, pulls her towards the kitchen before she noticed the bra.

"I returned the cookie cutters, I put them in here." 

The ladies go into the kitchen. I quickly got up, grabbed the bra, returned to the couch and slid it under the cushions. 

Shortly after that the ladies returned from the kitchen. Michelle said she had to go. I volunteered to let Michelle out and then lock up. My wife went up stairs to get ready for bed. At the door Michelle turned around and was sucking her finger. 

"mmm we taste good together," she said. 

She then reached her hand into her pants, and a second later pulled it out and stuck her finger in my mouth. I sucked our love juices off her finger. 

"We'll have to do this again sometime soon, besides you still have my bra," Michelle said. 

She kissed me one last time and was out the door.

I wish there were more to this story, but unfortunately shortly after the evening my wife and Michelle had a falling out, and they never made up. Soon after that Michelle moved away and I never saw her again. I never got a good explanation as to why they had a fight, I wonder if my wife knew or suspected something happened.

Michelle never did collect her bra from me.