 This story was written for a special friend that inspired the story MickSweet1. And my special thanks to Angel Love for her work editing for me. 

--------

There are times when I find release in writing. I relay this fantasy between two lovers that have as yet not met. This all begins with a phone call between the two.

Les: Hello darling, to what do I owe the pleasure of your call tonight?

Michelle: Oh I don't know ... kind of thought it would be nice to hear your voice today.

Les: Come on you can tell me, something got you thinking of me.

Michelle: Mmm

Les: Come on tell me what's on your mind.

Michelle: Well, I'm just feeling kind of naughty tonight, I guess.

Les: You rang the right person for that, because god, I need a woman tonight.

Michelle: Oh and I need a man!

Les: Well darling there's not a man here, but more like a beast so it's probably best that you stay away.

Michelle: I would take a beast tonight. 

Les: Oh really? The animal has been slipping out more often with the holiday's starting. Umm, darling you are reviving the beast, best be careful

Michelle: Tell me about the beast ... should I be afraid?

Les: Oh Michelle, just while talking to you I started thinking about that purple bra pulling up images in my mind of dragging you off from home, laying my tongue on your breasts and sucking, nibbling and biting on those luscious nipples hard.

Michelle: Mmm

Les: Slowly working my way across your stomach leaving little marks along the path.

Michelle: I'm not afraid so far.

Les: Slowly dipping lower skipping across to your thighs, trailing teeth marks along your legs working down your calves.

Michelle: Oh loving the feeling. Oh baby will you join me for a drink, please? We're only an hour a part meet me somewhere in the middle.

Les: All right darling, meet me at the Rainbow Inn in 45 minutes. 

--------

I watch as she walks into the lounge, wondering if this is actually her coming towards me, this being the first time either of us has gotten up the courage to actually meet in person. Months and months of email, chats and phone calls have past. I find it amusing that I have known her husband for years and that we actually grew up together. She walked up and we exchanged hugs and a light kiss on the cheek. We sit down and the waitress comes to take her order. For the next hour we chat of normal stuff: family, friends, and the like, just two friends having a drink. Until she blurted out that she had told John she'd not be coming home tonight, that she was going to fuck me tonight. I wondered why all of a sudden she turned so bold about all this? Her reply was it is time for her to be taken as in the stories that I write. 

This is how it all came to be Michelle's story.

We leave her car in the hotel parking lot. I told her that it is no big deal to play at a hotel. I am going to give her the full immersion of her fantasy. As we leave the parking lot I pull my tie off and hand it to Michelle, "Blindfold yourself with this, we are going to go somewhere safe and warm." Feeling a little bold on the drive to the cabin I have her lay her head in my lap and gently stroke her hair. 

As we pull to a stop in front of the cabin she murmurs, "This isn't what I was expecting and Les, I'm not looking for gentle tonight." 

I tell her, "Oh but you should be afraid," as I clutch her up in my arms and carry her off to a far hidden cabin in the woods. 

Carrying her in, she is surprised to find it warm and cozy inside as I remove her jacket, blouse, and skirt. Standing there looking I whisper to her, "Have you had this planned all day?" as I see for the first time she is in matching bra, panties, garters and stockings, all a pale shade of purple. 

I carry her over and slowly tie her to the four-posters in front of the fire. I can feel her wanting it so much and enjoy dragging it out slowly. Devouring her piece by piece; first her neck and mouth, slowly working down to her breasts. Mmmm. She is holding in her breath with fear and anticipation as I am working down her body kissing, licking and nipping her breasts. As I reach lower rubbing my hands and body across her legs and thighs hoping to pull her closer to the edge of cumming the first time without doing more then being forceful. She holds her breath in deep as I slowly run my fingers lightly across her panty covered pussy and with that I feel and hear her come. All at once she floods the room with a deep sigh and her scent. 

Freeing one hand I allow her to catch her breath and remove the blindfold. I leave her sipping water and tied to the bed while I go in search of my hunting knife, knowing that I need to remove her panties without untying her. Returning to the bedroom I see the horror in her eyes as I return with the knife. She jumps as I move the cold steel across her thighs slowly moving up her body leaving marks on her thighs and breasts as I drag the tip along her tender skin. I smile at her as I slip the tip under the edge of her panties and quickly pull upwards cutting one side away. Slowly I slide the flat of the blade across her stomach to the other side cutting forcefully as I had done the first one. Pulling up what remained of her panties ever painstakingly, deliberately pulling it into her slit allowing it to further excite her to the point of her begging to be touched again.

Taking the knife and pinning the remains of her panties to the wall over her head I allow her to save her bra from destruction by removing it first from the free arm and retying it before allowing her the freedom to remove it from the other arm but tell her the stockings and garters stay. Slowly forcing her legs further apart I start sucking on her inner thighs leaving teeth marks every few inches up and down her inner thighs. Feeling the need to have her closer I slide my hands under her ass and pull her closer to me. 

Lingering, I find her scent enticing and lightly run my nose up and gently force open her womanhood. I'd love to feel her, to smell her and now to hear her begging me to lick her but I want to make her desirous and I take my time ever so leisurely. Just knowing that when I take that first bite, she will be mine forever. Tenderly I lick her outer lips making her tremble with anticipation; she's expecting me to be slow and gentle. I wonder if I should take her at this moment or allow her to lay in wait.

I ease her pussy up to my face so she can feel my breathing against it. It is now that I decide that parting her at this moment is not what she desires and I open my mouth wide and suck all of her womanhood into my mouth splitting her lips with my tongue. It startles her as I forcefully suck all her lips in my mouth. Oh I feel her tremble knowing it is coming soon she will give in and let herself over the edge. I pull her up farther and quickly thrust my tongue deep into her pussy and then it happens. I hear those dirty little words come out of that pretty little mouth.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Oh my god yes! Yes! Oh my fucking god, YES!!!" 

I feel her come as I sucked more and more of her pussy into my mouth trying hard to turn her inside out. 

"Suck me ... suck me harder!" She screamed. 

Deliberately I slid a long finger inside her wanting to feel her cum from the spot just inside to see if she could fill my mouth with cum. I pulled her clit deep past my lips pulling it up so that as I parted her lips with my tongue her clit stands bare to my teeth and gently graze the outer edges of it making her jump as she begins to cum again in waves. In a steady rhythm I stroke her g-spot as I flick her clit opening her up for her to cum in waves slowly at first but then more urgent as the last waves surpass.

I begin to surprise her I pull her legs wide and looking to see just how wet her pussy is, I decide it is time to slip the monster in her. Listening to her gasp, "Oh dear god," as she sees me lower my pants and find what I have hidden from her for so long. She is looking so frightful wondering if she can take so much inside of her. She whispers to me, "I don't know that I can take that inside me." 

Now the fear is real for her. She closes her eyes as I crawl between her legs and slide the tip up and down her slit. She murmurs as I bump her clit with the tip. Slowly I place the tip at the entrance of her pussy knowing that getting the tip in is only the start of things to come. 

She calls to me "Please baby... be slow I know I'm wet ... but I'm scared." She starts to beg now as the tip stretches her. I feel her start to pull away knowing that if it won't fit I am determined to make it fit at all costs. She starts squirming under me moving; trying to limit how much I can drive into her.

Slowly I get the tip in and start working back and forth slipping an inch more in her on each down stroke. Her head is now flung back and pulling at the ties that bind her wondering if the pain will ever stop. She starts to relax when she has over third of it in her and is wondering hard if she can really take all ten inches of it. If it was only ten inches in length she thinks it wouldn't be so bad, it wasn't until she felt the girth of it being close to ten inches around that set her mind reeling. 

I hear her mumble, "I don't know that I can, I don't know that I can, I don't know..." Easing in, I inch a couple more inches in and she is becoming restless forcing herself back against me to try to get it all in squirming under me she herself force half of it in. 

Now as we get about three fourths of it in she yells, "Stop. I can't take any more."

"You're going to take it all, either in the front or back it makes no difference to me." 

She pulls her legs up higher knowing that if she can't take in the front it will surely rip her in half in the back and gently we ease the two more inches in. Now she is moaning uncontrollably I listen to her talk a little incoherently of the pain being so intense ... but the pain is borderline pleasure. I tell her to push up to meet me and that we can get the last inch in. 

Little by little she rises up to meet me and as she does I run a finger across her clit. When she jumps I slam the rest home. With her taking all ten inches inside her I draw back deliberately stretching her to the max and then slamming it home again. Knowing that somewhere beneath her breasts is the tip of my cock pushed inside her. 

She now is feeling the full pressure of it screaming, "Oh my god!!"

I feel her cum again being so filled like never before, she wonders if moving will cause pain or pleasure. She risks moving against me only to find that I have her clit pressed tightly against me knowing that any movement will cause her to cum again. 

"Oh darling." I know as I pull my cock back from her, that the first waves of an orgasm are building and trying to push the monster from her and at that moment I am going to slam him home to the hilt filling her once again.

She is now pleading with me "Please...Please be easy." 

But knowing she wants it I tell her that I will let her know when she can stop cumming. That before the night is out that I will cum in all of her holes and she will not have need of getting fucked for months. She has always told me that she loves it in the ass and tonight I will change her mind of that. As her pussy comes again it finally succeeds in pushing the intruder out of her cunt and I allow the monster to slip out. Pulling her legs higher I spread her cum from her pussy down her ass crack and slowly press a thumb against her asshole. I hear her gasp as her now realizes what I am planning to do next. 

"Oh no!" she pleads.

"Oh darling, since your pussy was so tight I know you've never taken anything thing this big in your sweet ass. I may give it a reprieve tonight if you can show your love for it by sucking it down your throat. 

She cautiously whispers, "I will try." 

"So do you think you can swallow ten inches in that pretty little mouth? Hmmm?"

"No, but I will try... please, let me try. Will you go easy on me?" She asks.

"If you don't do it well I am I going to fill that tight little ass." I push my thumb in her tight hole. "Being easy on you darling, that depends on if you can make me cum."

"Oh I will. I will do whatever it takes to make that happen," she coos. 

I rub my hardness against her face, "Suck on my nuts darling, I want you to try to get me to blow a load all over your pretty little face and keep the monster from tearing your virgin ass. Well maybe you want me to let you loose to so you can show me how you want to rub those beautiful tits all over my monster. Maybe you want to try to hide it inside them?"

She pleads to me, "Yes, I will. Please untie me please." 

Oh yes I untied her and then I beckon her to come to me here on the edge of the bed and kneel before me. Like a faithful servant. She came and knelt down in front of me. I ran my hands through her hair and then pulled her head closer to me until my nuts were sitting on her chin. She made a lame attempt at licking my nuts and I grabbed her by the hair a little tighter and told her that she better do a better job or I am going to turn her around and shove my huge cock in her ass. 

She said "oh no. I will do better I promise". She reached up and grabbed my nuts and started licking and sucking them like there was no tomorrow. It felt incredible but there was no way I would let her know that. 

I pulled back just a bit and put the tip of my cock on her lips and rubbed it there then taking it and running it up and down the sides of her face while she was looking into my eyes. I edged forward until the head of my cock was in her mouth, I could see the fear in her eyes as she stared down at the length of my cock. She hesitantly licked the tip with her tongue and ran it around the head eyeing it carefully wondering just how much she could fit in her mouth and throat. 

She looked down at what was in her hands and finding that even with both her hands around it that her fingers didn't even fit half way around it. She broke into a laugh thinking of all the times she had heard him joke of why Santa always played with elves. That their tiny hands made his cock look big. Thinking that she really never thought she had small hands so here was her chance to lovingly suck a truly large cock. Looking up into my eyes she found that she just had to swallow as much as she possibly could. 

Knowing that as hard as it was it would take all her skill to get him to spray her face she set to work licking up and down the full length stroking it forcefully with both hands. Gripping my cock in her hands... she rubbed it over her lips as she was looking into my eyes, she licked the tip and tasted the pre-cum there and started swirling her tongue around my cock, as she stroked me. Then she wrapped her lips around me and looked up at me while she took it deeper into her mouth and throat on each head bob. Closing her eyes she tried to swallow me... feeling me swell even more in her mouth and she began to suck harder, while gently caressing my balls, tugging on them softly. 

Running my fingers in her hair, I gently brushed it from her face so I could watch and I noticed her facial expression change as I moved my hips urging you to take more of me in her mouth. She slipped me from her mouth and licked the tip of it with her tongue and then licked the entire length and sucked my balls into her mouth again. Feeling my grip on her hair she looked up and I told her to make me cum.

Opening her mouth wide she slipped the tip in her mouth closing her lips and gently dragged her teeth down the first couple inches behind the head. Know at this pace I would not last much longer I decide to pull you up on the bed with me again telling you to keep your feet on the floor I caught your wrists and retied one to post at the foot of the bed and one to the head of the bed. Sliding up past her coming up behind rubbing my cock up and down her slit I can feel her jump as she is expecting me to take her ass. 

"Oh no!" she pleads. 

"Oh but why darling do you worry you know I would never hurt you. Feeling just how wet your pussy is tells me I need to fuck it again till we both cum together." 

I reached around her waist and pulled her closer sliding the tip into her. She moaned hard and struggled to get free. Looking back over her shoulder I saw her biting her lips as I pulled back and shoved half of it into her tight pussy. All at once she began to shake uncontrollably as she came from just having it back inside her. Knowing that I will never get all of it in again feeling her constrict hard on my cock I waited till the waves eased a little. 

Now was my chance I slid it all the way in filling her to brim and then some I felt my cock being squeezed as in this torrent vise. As I pulled it back a little I felt the all knowing boiling in my balls knowing that on this last push I was going to fill her pussy full of cum. Slamming down hard to my surprise as my balls came to rest on her clit she started cumming harder then I would every imagine possible even with my cock firmly implanted in her I felt her cum running down our legs and heard it falling like rain on the floor. 

I realized that I was holding her up and that she was passed out from the orgasm she has just had. Gently I pull out from her and lay her gently on the bed. Moving to the kitchen I brought back some more water and a cold damp cloth and pulled her up on the pillows. Holding her close and putting the damp cloth on her forehead I held her in my arms as she slept. As the morning stars began to fade she stirred looking up into my eyes I whispered that this would be a night never to forget. Telling her anytime she wanted to come back to give me a call, for it was a mystical night shared between two lovers.