 NOTE -- This is a sequel to my first story, MICK and BELLE.

A bazar set of circumstances that resulted in explosive sex then nothing for 2 months 

Until now....

Mick and Belle meet again 

MICK O'NEIL -- 45-year-old -- executive driver with a dubious past

BELINDA LIM -- 38 -- year old -- Singaporean ex masseuse with a HOT ASS

VOLARE!

It has been 2 months since the encounter with the handsome stranger that resulted in what I can only describe as pure animal lust. I had never imagined that I could let myself go like that and that I would ever experience repeated orgasms of such intensity. That day I also vowed to turn my back on that temptation, quit my so-called job at the massage parlour, and return my devotions to my husband and in-laws. My brief journey into the wilderness was over, or so I thought. As I am preparing for my afternoon nap and relaxing while reading a saucy literotica story my fingers involuntarily find their way to my pussy and I am reminded again that I did keep his card that had his phone number on it.

I thought the decision to try again with my wife was a sensible one. Although mundane and completely devoid of romance it was a stable enough environment to keep me off the heavy drinking and deliver some type of purpose and structure to come home to, like the comfort one gets from wearing an old pair of jeans. It has been 2 months since the wild sexual encounter with the curvy hot Asian masseuse. The bizarre chain of events that day I will never forget, ending in by far the best sex of my life then an abrupt parting. I didn't even get her name let alone any clue as to who she was. I have been back to the massage parlour once since to try and find her, but it has been closed down by the authorities. I have thought about her every day constantly and resigned to the fact that it was only meant to be a single one-off powerful moment in time.

So not much of a nap. I was caught up in the detail of the erotic story I was reading, something to do with ass fucking on an ottoman. Trying hard to not think of him as I was rubbing my swollen clit faster I could no longer resist and relented. The vivid memory of the feeling of his cock deep in my ass then the sensory explosion of the cum kiss at the end. The first full orgasm for me in 2 months. I squirted and was laying back breathing heavily and my legs trembling feverishly with my fingers still in my pussy. Then to bring me down from cloud nine there was a loud bang on my front door. It was my elderly neighbour wanting to borrow our ladder again. Fuck! I hope he didn't hear me as I was bellowing during my orgasm. I gather myself together, send him on his way and realising I am late for my art class I jump in my car and take off. The first set of lights I get to I stop and instinctively look across to the car next to me. I don't look at the anonymous driver, but I am in a trance as I am staring at his forearm and can see the hairs on his strong wrist and hands. I pull over and take the card from my phone case.

I am sitting again waiting for my client who is late as usual. I hear my phone vibrate but I don't open it straight away as I am thinking again of making some changes to my life. Maybe becoming a monk as I have heard that those guys get plenty of pussy, well at least more than I have been getting lately. Then grinning at my own silly train of thought I reach down to check the text message on my phone. 

"hey Mick, this is Belle, remember me? 😘"

Who the fuck is Belle? I ask myself, then my curt reply; 

"who are you?"

My heart jumped, and I rested my head back and closed my eyes when I saw his reply, how to respond? I ask myself; then here goes. 

"from 2 months ago, don't tell me you have forgotten me already, lol 😛 "

I can't believe I just did that. Did I just text lol and an emoji? Oh, fuck why did I do it. Why can't I have just been content with my now stable life? What am I suddenly, within minutes I was on my way to my art class to paint coconut trees now I am parked on the side of the road like a hormonal teenager fretting that he hasn't yet replied to my last juvenile text. Minutes go by, I am staring at my screen and then suddenly;

"so, your name is Belle? nice to meet you again belle. " 

The first few weeks after our encounter I was checking my phone constantly wishing for a message from her, then as I succumbed to the dull routine after moving back in with my ex-wife I had accepted the fact that she must have discarded my card and we would never meet again. For the first few days after our explosive encounter I didn't wash. I relished her scent on me and the lingering taste of our cum kiss and the feeling of her laying on me with her dripping pussy pressed against my leg and my hand firmly squeezing her perfectly round ass. So suddenly now for the first time since that day I am instantly aroused and can taste her and smell her scent again.

I don't know how to reply, this wasn't planned, I think I should stop now and delete his number. With this in mind I put my phone away and race off to my art class. I am painting coconut trees while having flashbacks to the smell of coconut oil, my pussy sliding hard against his rigid cock, me tearing at his chest hairs, both of us loosing all our inhibitions while we fuck each other like animals. I pull myself together and head home.

As I pull into the driveway I see my husband's car. He is home early. I walk inside to see him sitting at the kitchen table, a half empty bottle of Jack Daniels in front of him, he turns and blurts out, "where have you been SLUT? " I was mortified. He then rambled on about how one of his friends was bragging at work about how he wished the AVA massage parlour had not been closed down as he enjoyed the "happy endings" he would get at the end of his massage. My husband in his drunken stupor pieced together that I was working there briefly and was enraged with jealousy. In response I lash out and state, "I am sick of your accusations, I am out of here!" In his fury he pushes the table away and leaps to his feet, "OH NO YOU DON'T!" He grabs me roughly and pushes me face down onto the table and fumbles to tear my shorts away. I am struggling to free myself, but his drunken rage has me overpowered. He slaps my bare ass repeatedly, "so is this how you like it SLUT?" He then pushes my legs apart and presses me down firmly onto the table and clumsily fucks me from behind. When he has finished having his way with me he says nothing else and grabs his bottle of Jack and stumbles into the bedroom and I drop to the floor.

I am home earlier than expected and walk in to find my wife watching porn again. She is embarrassed and follows me into the bedroom. I just want to lay down and sleep, I turn on my Dean Martin music to help drown out her nagging voice. Her rambling knows no bounds and she sidles up next to me on the bed and unbuttons her top to expose her ridiculously fake tits. She presses them to my face and states, "you've been missing these haven't you?" As she is riding my cock and I am again having flashbacks to the mysterious Belle sliding her camel toe over my rigid cock. Her amazing natural boobs with nipples erect, the curves of her ass, and the feeling of her wetness on my balls. I remember vividly the uninhibited sound she made as she unleashed on me. This was more than enough to drown out the fake squeaky sounds coming from my plastic wife. Then with Belle in mind I tense and grab my wife tight and cum deep in her as I let out a rare moan. She is taken aback at this display of passion and its enough to momentarily shut her up. Then my phone buzz to tell me I have a text message, I quickly reach for it;

"can we meet for a coffee?"

I abruptly push my wife off me and as I do the build-up of cum that I just unloaded into her streams from her bald cunt. "What is it Mick?" she asks. "Oh nothing, just one of my clients." I stand with my cock still half erect and dripping, she looks at me and as she is wiping away my cum from the inside of her leg she gleefully states, "well you really needed that Mick, I guess you really have missed these puppies." as she presses up her fake boobs. "Yeh, sure." I offer as a feeble response then walk to the shower to consider my response to the invitation from Belle.

As I lift myself up off the floor I quickly pull my shorts on and find my car keys then get in my car and start driving, to where I don't know. As I am driving I am telling myself that this will pass, his drinking, his gambling, and his increasing aggressive behaviour will ease up and everything will be fine. Suddenly again my thoughts go to Mick, that day 2 months ago. This time I don't feel guilty remembering him and I am not trying to block the thoughts. I am curiously remembering the sight of his smooth erect cock and the bead of pre-cum at the tip. I also realise that everything we did to each other that day that I never took the opportunity to suck his cock. Smiling I tell myself that he was just too busy with it that I never got the chance.

My aimless driving appears to not have been that aimless after all. I pull up at that spot near the water where I first met Mick by the yacht club. I get out of my car and walk towards the rock I often sat on to meditate. I now can't stop thinking of his cock, I am craving the taste of his precum and despite my gag reflex I am craving his throbbing member deep in my throat. I have a flutter in my tummy and the dramas at home are now a million miles away from me. I have my phone out and I am impulsively typing a text. "can we meet for a coffee? " I am looking at the screen and reality intrudes my fantasy. This can't happen, I can't go down this track, I need to turn around and go home. Then as I go to delete the text my clumsy thumb hits the send button instead. I am aghast. Fuk! What have I done. Then awkwardly I realise that I swore out loud and despite my friends reminding me lately that I swear too much, this foe par let slip. An elderly couple walking nearby looked around with clearly raised eyebrows.

Then before I can send another text apologising for the error my phone beeps to alert me to a response,

"SURE, LET ME KNOW WHERE AND WHEN"

FucK!

I step out of the shower, drying myself off I hear the buzz on my phone. I quickly check the message from Belle,

"meet me at the mall tomorrow at 3 pm"

I didn't reply straight away. I was lost on the message. I was simply staring at the screen and my thoughts were of her laying on me. My hand reached down to my cock. I had my eyes closed as I was now remembering the sensation of me deep in her ass. My cock was now rock hard and throbbing I had a firm grip on it at the base of the shaft and I was stroking it to the imagination now of her slapping my shoulder and tearing at my chest hair as she orgasms on me. My stroking builds momentum and I am now jerking my cock rapidly as I remember the sight of my cum streaming from her ass and the taste of our cum swirl. I am about to cum when suddenly the bathroom door swings open. "WHOA Mick what the fuck?", my wife stutters with an astonished look on her face. She then giggles looking down again to see me still holding my rigid cock. Still giggling she exclaims, "don't mind me, continue what you are doing, I just need to pee." She lifts her t-shirt and sits on the toilet with her legs spread inviting me to watch. She starts to pee and questions, "what's going on Mick, you just finished fucking me and already you are horny again? Come here!" She beckons me to her and I oblige. While she is still sitting on the toilet she takes my cock in her mouth and clumsily starts to devour it, annoyingly her teeth are merciless, and the sensation is more painful than pleasurable. I look down to see that her other hand is rubbing her clit. The surprise of seeing me jerking off must have aroused her and she is now clearly enjoying herself. I close my eyes and involuntarily I see Belle, the sight of her swollen plump pussy and the sight of my cock penetrating her. Then I cum, I cum in my wife's mouth and she lurches back and spits. Looking up at me annoyed, this is something she never took to, and I think she was expecting me to pull it out of her mouth before I came. She is now wiping my cum from her chin minutes after wiping my cum from her pussy. I finish drying myself off and take my phone. As I am walking down the hall I send a reply to Belle,

"see you then"

Its 2 pm, I am driving to the mall. I am sweating with nervousness. I am still considering stopping to send Mick a message to cancel. I don't even know this man. We met once 2 months ago then nothing but my imagination since. However, the vivid memory of his cock spurs me on. I arrive early with the intention of finding a secluded table at the coffee shop. Suddenly I'm immersed in paranoia. What if someone I know sees me sitting having coffee with a handsome stranger. My circle of friends come here often and are famous for their gossiping tendencies. I get up to leave, as I am walking I am typing a text to Mick.

"stay in your car, I will meet you there."

I'm here early as usual and I get the text from Belle asking me to stay in my car, I am somewhat intrigued but what the hell, I type my reply,

"I'm here now parked by the bus station. " 

My heart flutters, I'm actually doing this, I have no plan, but I do have a burning arousal that's taking over my decisions. I head out the door to towards the car park by the bus station. I remember his black BMW and I half hope I don't see it so that I can make my escape.

My eyes are fixed on the entrance to the mall, my heart is beating with anticipation. Then I see her and my heartbeat increases its tempo. She is wearing a flowing Flamenco patterned skirt with a denim top that's is tied at the front with white laces, even from this distance I can see her cleavage and the shape of her ass and I can see that she is also wearing black rimmed glasses. I shake myself out of the trance and open my car door and stand beside it to wave to her.

I see him, he is standing by his car and I first take in what he is wearing, black jeans and a pale blue long sleeve shirt not tucked in, even from this distance I can see the shape of his shoulders and his rugged jawline. I am literally trembling as I walk towards him. He sits back in his car and leans across to open the door for me. I get in and am petrified. I look across at him and he is smiling at me. "Hi Mick." I don't even know what he said back to me, but it seemed like only a minute or so of idle chit chat and I was shocked to look down and realise that I was holding his hand without even knowing. Then without thinking I blurt out, "just drive!"

She was clearly very nervous and so was I. She ordered me to drive, I don't know where to, but I wasn't going to argue and as we pulled out of the car park she was still squeezing my hand. I was enthralled, I just wanted to kiss her. To lighten the mood, I turned on my playlist to have Dean Martin accompany us. I guess we were driving for about 5 minutes now both much more relaxed. Impulsively I reach down to squeeze her inner thigh. She pushes herself back in the seat and exhales loudly. "Are you OK?" I ask.

"I think I'm wet." She replies. 

Cheekily I respond with, "well why don't you check?", she looks across at me and is staring at me as she lifts her skirt and reaches up to investigate.

"Yep, I'm drenched!" she boasts. As her hand emerges from under her skirt I reach for it and bring it to my lips. I kiss her wet fingers and inhale her sweet scent that I have been craving for the past 2 months. "PULL OVER!" she insists.

Now my lust has completely taken over. I order him to pull over. I have one thing on my mind. I need to suck his cock. He pulls over in a side street under the shade of some flowering trees. We are now silent however Dean Martin is not and he begins to sing VOLARE. I lean across to unzip his jeans, as I do he assists by lowering them. I can see the shape of his bulge under his jockey shorts. I place my hand over his cock and squeeze it gently. As I do I can feel it stiffening. I reach into his shorts and his cock springs out and I gasp with lust. It is just as I remember it. Smooth, rigid and about 7.5 inches long. What has been dominating my dark thoughts lately was the memory of the pre-cum at the tip of his cock. I wrap my hand around him and hold him upright. I stroke him firmly once and his pre-cum emerges. I am now on my knees and lean down and the tip of my tongue touches the tip of his cock, the taste of his salty pre-cum is tantalising and spurs me on to wrap my lips over the tip of his now throbbing hard on.

She is on her knees leaning over and licking and sucking my cock. As I watch her tongue caress me and her lips envelope me I gently run my fingers through her hair. I also reach across and lift her skirt and run my hand up the inside of her leg. I am expecting to feel fabric of her undies, but my fingers instead find the smooth, warm texture of her pussy lips, she isn't wearing any undies. My fingers explore her further and concur that she is indeed drenched. I rest my thumb hard up against her ass hole as my 2 fingers caress her clit. She is holding my rod firm as she is now licking my balls and then slides her tongue up my shaft to again lick and suck the head of my cock then again swallows me fully. I am rubbing her clit with my thumb now working its way into her ass hole and where I was not a moment ago gently running my fingers through her hair I now have her hair bunched in my fist and I am lifting her head up and down as she eagerly devours me.

His thumb is in my ass and I feel like I am about to explode. He now roughly has me by the hair and is driving my head down on his cock. I hear him groan and feel him tense and I know he is about to cum then I feel my mouth fill with his hot juice. I gag slightly and as I slide him out of my mouth he squirts again and sprays my cheek and my glasses. My mouth is full of his hot cum and I have him dripping from my face and glasses. If my ecstasy wasn't already at its peak, he then lifted my head up and brought his fingers from my pussy and slid them into my mouth. His fingers were coated with my own nectar and I can taste myself and him. He then leans across and into my ear he whispers, "I've missed you Belle." With his fingers still in my mouth he slips his tongue in and my mouth is now a cocktail of our cums and our tongues.

We kissed for how long I don't know. The drive back to the mall we were both silent. Not an awkward silence but a silence where stunned desire had overloaded our senses. As I was driving into the car park I realised she was again holding my hand. I pulled up nearby the spot where I picked her up. This time we gently kissed. She went to get out of my car, I grabbed her hand and asked, "hey, what about our coffee?", she looked at me and smiled then softly replied, 

"I don't drink coffee, see ya Mick!" 

Then I watched her walk away.