 She sank down lower into the steaming, hot water. Mickey had had one hell of a day, and she deserved this. She still didn't know what she was going to do about that unsigned contract, but she would figure something out. She had tried calling her boss, but Maggie had been out. So Mickey had left a message, and said a silent prayer that her boss wouldn't get it until morning. That would give her some time to decide how best to move forward.

That man made her lose all focus. All she could think about when she was with him was doing him. He'd gotten under her skin, as well as her clothes, and he drove her crazy. She felt as if he'd put her under some sort of spell, and it made Mickey uncomfortably out of sorts. 

She ran her hands over her body, enjoying the slippery feel of her skin. Her body ached in places she'd forgotten she had. Two marathon sex sessions had her feeling tired, yet satisfied. She grabbed her sponge, poured some peach scented body wash on it, and began a slow scrub all over her ample body.

She wasn't fat, but she was plump in places. Her large breasts, full hips, and lush butt made her feel awkward around those super thin women that seemed all the rage today. She had never been what you'd call beautiful, but she was pretty in an average way. Long brown hair, blue eyes, and perfect teeth...thanks to years of dental agony...Mickey was your everyday girl next door.

She was just letting her hair out of the clip holding it up so she could wash it, when she heard a knock at the door. Fearing a message from her boss, as she'd turned her cell and her room phone off, Mickey yelled out, "Just a minute," and stood up. 

Quickly getting out of the tub, she grabbed a towel. Mickey gave herself a quick dry off and grabbed her robe. Hastily tying the belt in a knot she headed for the door. "I'm coming, just a sec."

In a hurry to get there before the person knocking on the door left, Mickey didn't look through the peephole before snatching it open. Blocking out the light from the hall, and wearing that damn sexy grin, was Tim. 

Her breath knocked from her lungs, Mickey could just stare up at him. He looked so good standing there leaning against the doorway. His gaze slowly drifted down her body, lingering at her cleavage. Taking in the water slowly dripping down her legs, he casually asked, "Did I interrupt your bath?"

"Um, yeah. I thought maybe you were someone from the front desk with a message or something."

He laughed and said, "Well, sorry to disappoint you. You forgot your contract in my office, so I thought I'd bring it to you."

Mickey sighed in relief. "Thank you so much. I didn't even realize I had forgotten it until I got back here."

"Yeah well, we were both a little distracted. Do you have any idea how hard it was to track you down? I had to call about 10 different people to find out where you were staying."

Mickey's eyes widened in panic. "You didn't tell anyone why you had to find me did you?!? My ass'll be in a real sling if my boss finds out I left the contract behind."

"No, I didn't tell anyone. I just said I needed to change something. It was no big deal, and no one really asked any questions. I couldn't even get a hold of Maggie. She's your boss, right?"

"Yes, Maggie's my boss," Mickey replied. "I'm really grateful you found me, and for not saying anything about my mistake to anyone."

Tim slid one of those sexy grins her way, "How grateful are you?" Again taking a leisurely look up and down her form.

Mickey suddenly remembered her current state of undress. Blushing a deep red, she looked down at her bare feet and said, "Will you excuse me while I..."

"...slip into something more comfortable?" Tim finished for her, that smile and those dimples still present on his face.

Mickey had to laugh. She couldn't help it. The absurdity of this whole day finally catching up to her. Letting out a deep breath, Mickey said, "This has been one hell of a long day, and my brain is mush. I'm tired and hungry and cold as hell."

"Look, why don't you finish drying off, put something on, and I'll order you up some food," Tim suggested to her. And it all sounded wonderful to Mickey.

"That would be great. Anything to eat, no onions, and lots of it. Oh, and a Diet Dew to drink," Mickey trailed off as she headed for the bathroom. Tim's perusal of her luscious ass as she walked away went completely unnoticed.

He walked over to the phone, ordered her food, and went to sit on the couch. Tim's mind was reeling. He'd never met anyone like Mickey before. She was definitely his type though. He wasn't one of those guys that liked stick figure girls. He wanted a real woman, one with curves he could hold on to. And did Mickey ever have curves. Thinking about those curves had Tim semi-erect. He shifted around, trying to find a comfortable sitting position, and waited for her to come back.

In the bathroom, Mickey took a long look at herself in the mirror. She looked like hell. Messy hair up in a clip, no make up on, and fatigue bags under her eyes. What could he possibly have seen in her? He was probably horny and she'd seemed like an easy target. And she had been, at least for him.

She took off her robe, bent to let the water out of the tub, and grabbed her towel. She briskly dried her skin, fixed her hair a little, and picked up her bag. She briefly considered putting on some professional attire, then decided against it. She dug for her pajamas, a tee shirt and some shorts, and got dressed. She just didn't care anymore. 

She walked back out into the room to see Tim making himself comfortable on the couch. He looked up when she entered the room. He took in her appearance and smiled. She looked adorable. And sexy as hell. That tee shirt did nothing to hide her figure. Her nipples showing through as if she were naked. Her shorts clung to her hips and ass like a second skin. His semi went to full hard in about 3 seconds.

She walked over to the opposite end of the couch and sat down, tucking her feet under her. "So, what did you order?" she asked him.

"I wasn't sure if you were a health nut or not, so I got you a burger, fries and a salad. And no, I didn't forget your Diet Dew," he laughed in reply.

"Not a health nut, not with this body," she laughed.

"I think you have a very healthy body..." his gaze locked on hers.

Mickey's breath caught, and her mouth was dry. She snaked out her tongue to lick her lips. Now it was Tim's turn to catch his breath. Seeing her pink tongue slip out and touch her lips, he started to lean towards her. He had to taste that tongue again.

Just then, there was a knock on the door. Mickey jumped up and bolted for the door. She wanted that man again! She couldn't help herself. Whenever he was near her, all she could think of was having him inside her.

She opened the door for the hotel employee. He brought in her tray of food, and set it on the table. She thanked him, signed her bill, and closed the door after him. She'd signed for him to get a massive tip, thinking he had just saved her from making another mistake.

Walking back to her end of the couch, she remarked, "Smells good." She took the lid off her tray and grabbed a fry. "Wow, there's enough food here to feed an army. Are you hungry?"

That was a loaded question. Tim was hungry all right. In more ways than one. "Yeah, I could eat."

"Help yourself," Mickey told him. And God help him, Tim wanted to. But what he wanted to help himself to was Mickey. Instead, he leaned over and grabbed some fries. Mickey was surprised.

"I thought all you pro athletes were health nuts?" Mickey asked with a grin. He laughed, and said, "Well, we're supposed to be, but sometimes we give in to temptation." The look he gave Mickey sent shivers down her spine. She didn't know what to say, so she busied herself by cutting the burger in half. Damn, he made her uncomfortable when he said things like that.

They ate in silence for a while, the sexual tension building. When the food was gone, Mickey stood to put the lid back on the tray. As she was bent over, Tim's lust took over. He grabbed her hips, turned her ass towards him, and bit one of her plump cheeks.

Mickey yelped in surprise. She turned around to face him, and he pulled her onto his lap. "What are you doing?" Mickey gasped in shock. "What do you think?" was Tim's reply.

He reached around her head and took out the clip holding her hair. Sinking his hands into her hair, he pulled her head up and brushed his lips across hers. Mickey grabbed his shoulders to pull herself closer to him and deepened the kiss, her tongue sliding across his lower lip. Their breathing getting heavy, they broke the kiss and just looked into each others eyes for a moment. 

Tim wrapped his arms around her and stood up. "What are you doing?" Mickey asked, her voice a shaky whisper.

"We're going to do it right this time," Tim's voice equally shaky. He walked across the room to the bedroom door. Still holding Mickey close, he stepped over to the bed. He slowly let her down, letting as much of her body slide down his as possible. He leaned over and gave her another long, passionate kiss. His hands cupping her ass and pulling her hips up to meet his.

She felt his hot, throbbing cock against her. She leaned in closer, reaching her hands around to grab his ass as well. She wanted to crawl inside his clothes and feel his hot skin. She snaked her hands up under his shirt and felt his strong back muscles flex under her palms. Sliding her hands around to his chest and down his stomach, she lingered on the small patch of hair that trailed down into his jeans. She rubbed her finger up and down on that patch of hair.

Tim's hands slid up her hips and under her shirt. Her skin was like fire, and his hands burned everywhere he touched. He grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it up, breaking the kiss just long enough to take it off, and then lunging back to her lips. His hands gently cupped her breasts, his thumbs rubbing lightly over her nipples. She moaned into his mouth and arched her back, pushing her tits more fully into his hands.

She needed to feel more of him, and started to pull his shirt up. He stopped kissing her, pulled his shirt off, and got down on his knees in front of her. Taking one nipple in his mouth, he sucked on it hard, and she felt the pull everywhere. She wrapped her fingers in his hair and pulled his head closer to her. 

Back and forth he moved, from one nipple to the other. His hands lay resting lightly on her hips, until he moved them up to the tops of her shorts. He ran his fingers under the waist band and started to pull them off her, never taking his mouth from her chest. 

She lifted first one foot, then the other, so he could finish taking her shorts off. His hands slid over her ankles, around her calves, and back up to the front of her thighs. One hand slipping between her legs, his fingers finding her pussy hot and wet. He slipped his finger into her tight cavern, his thumb rubbing on her clit, all the while sucking her hard nipples. 

Mickey gasped and dug her fingers into his shoulders. She was going to have to lie down before she fell down. He kept rubbing her clit and she was so close to orgasm, her knees were shaking. Feeling her tremble, Tim removed his fingers and his mouth. Mickey whimpered in longing. He gently pushed her back until her knees bumped into the bed behind her, and she gratefully sank onto it, her hands reaching for him even as he crawled toward her. 

He spread her knees as wide as they would go and bent his head to her cunt. He could smell her, the musky, sweet scent that was uniquely her. He kissed her moist, intimate lips. Slipping his finger back into her tight hole, he flicked his tongue over her clit in rapid butterfly flutters. He kept up his assault on her clit while slipping another finger into her. She was so wet, her juices flowing freely from her. He loved the way she tasted and couldn't get enough. 

Mickey was so close. And when she felt him adding a third finger to her pussy, she lost control. Legs shaking, back arching, she let out a wrenching groan and tumbled over the edge. Tim's mouth opening over her pussy to catch as much of her cum as he could. She lay there, a quivering mess, trying to regain control of her mind and body.

Mickey sat up, and grabbing his face, kissed him deeply, her taste still on his tongue. She wanted to give him a mind altering blow job, wanted him to feel the way she did. She stood up, and said huskily to him, "Take off your jeans and get on the bed." He stood slowly, unbuttoning his jeans. He kicked off his shoes, and in one neat stroke, slid down his jeans and boxers. He sat on the edge of the bed, the cover damp where Mickey had just been. He took his jeans off, then his socks, and looked into Mickey's eyes.

She knelt down and spread his legs so she could sit between them. Taking his hard shaft in her hand, she bent her head and sucked one ball into her mouth. She flicked her tongue over it, feeling it tighten. She let it pop out of her mouth and began on his other ball. Letting go of that one, she ran her tongue up the underside of his cock, flicking her tongue when she got to the head. Mickey opened her mouth and slid his dick in. She began bobbing her head up and down, taking as much of his huge member as she could, jacking her hand on what she couldn't get in her mouth. 

Tim's hands wound into her hair, as he started to pump his hips. They developed a rhythm, as he slowly fucked her mouth, she slowly jacked him off. She would stop and come up for air occasionally, still stroking his cock and reaching down to rub his balls. Mickey wanted to taste him, to feel his jizz coating her throat. She ever so lightly grazed her teeth up his cock, and smiled to herself at his sudden intake of breath. 

Tim could feel his orgasm building. As much as he wanted this to last, he knew he couldn't hold out much longer. And when Mickey's teeth slid over his cock, he felt the tingle all the way to his toes. Giving his balls a nice, firm squeeze, Mickey sucked his dick hard, slipping up to the head to flick her tongue in his slit. With one hand jacking him faster, and her other hand gripping his balls, Tim started to cum. His groan was animalistic, and his hips came off the bed, forcing his cock deep into Mickey's mouth.

It took her four swallows, but she drank it all. He tasted salty, yet sweet, and Mickey knew she'd never forget his flavor. She savored him on her tongue, waiting for him to come back to Earth.

When Tim could think again, he opened his eyes and looked down at Mickey. She was smiling up at him, looking like a sexy minx. He leaned over, grabbed her upper arms, and pulled her up to him. He gave her another of those mind reeling kisses and stood up, dragging her off the floor. He picked her up and laid her gently on the bed, laying on top of her and covering her body with his.

They kissed and cuddled for a while, letting the tension build up, and their bodies recover a bit. By the time Mickey felt his legs slide between hers and the head of his cock at her pussy, they were both ready for another go. He slid into her easily, she was so wet again. He moved in and out of her in a slow, steady rhythm, letting their passions build. 

Tim wanted it to be perfect for her. Not an over zealous romp in a cramped bathroom, or teenage fuck fest on a couch. He wanted to make love to this woman. He'd never cared about it before, but with Mickey it was different. Tim wanted to make her feel like she never had before.

Mickey was in heaven. Tim was doing things to her that she'd only fantasized about while using her vibrator. His slow, lingering pace was sexy and sensual. He was kissing her neck, nibbling her ear lobe, and caressing her skin with deliberately soft strokes. 

Tim kept up his leisurely ministrations, slowly stroking his cock in and out of Mickey's tight, wet hole. He moved his head from where he'd been licking her collar bone to look into her eyes. She looked back at him with dreamy lust, arching up to kiss the cleft in his chin before claiming his mouth. 

The kissing seemed to increase their passion, and Tim's pace picked up, his cock moving ever rapidly inside her. She wrapped her legs around his hips, wanting him as deep in her cunt as she could get him. He took the hint, and began pumping harder and deeper into her hot hole. Lifting her ass off the bed, Mickey felt Tim's groin pounding on her clit, and another mind blowing orgasm raced through her body. She squeezed her pussy muscles tight around his shaft, holding him in her.

Tim was shocked at the suddenness of Mickey's orgasm. And when she clenched her cunt on his cock, Tim felt himself being taken over the edge, his cum rocketing out from his dick to splatter against the walls of her pussy. He lay on top of her, his breath ragged and his heart pounding.

Mickey wrapped her arms around Tim, enjoying his weight on her. Her breath slowing and her heart regaining a normal rhythm. She rubbed her hands over his sweat slicked back, kissing and licking his shoulder, loving the taste of his skin. For the first time in a long time, she was totally relaxed. She had needed a day like this, she just didn't realize how much until right this minute. Too many late nights and early mornings trying to build her reputation at work had left her neglecting herself. 

Tim raised his head to look at Mickey. "Hey, you still with me?" he asked her, his dimples making an appearance.

"Yeah, still here," she replied, a lazy smile on her face.

He rolled off of her and she ached to pull him back. He was right next to her, his hand resting lightly on her thigh, but she missed his weight on her. And she shivered from the cold air, goose bumps popping up on her flesh.

"Are you cold?" Tim asked her.

"Yes, I'm freezing," she answered, folding her arms over her chest.

"Sit up a sec," Tim told her, as he started to stand. He reached over and pulled the blankets down, Mickey diving under them as fast as she could. Tim joined her, his arms wrapping around her and pulling her close. She flung one leg over his, needing to feel as much of him against herself as she could. Her cold toes brushing against his calf, Tim let out a little gasp.

"Damn, you have cold feet woman!"

Mickey let out a husky laugh, "Too bad for you, huh?"

"You know the punishment for rubbing your cold toes on me, don't you?" he asked.

Mickey just giggled. Tim turned his head to look at her, his green eyes twinkling.

"You rub your cold toes on me, I get to rub something hot on you. That's the deal."

"That doesn't sound like a punishment, it sounds wonderful," Mickey said, looking into his eyes, no longer ashamed of her behavior.

"Well yeah, but I didn't say what I was going to rub on you, or where I was going to rub it," Tim's deep voice husky with renewed lust.

Mickey felt his hand slide down her back to squeeze one firm ass cheek. She stiffened in apprehension, fearing where this was going. She'd never let a man fuck her in the ass before. In fact, Tim was the first person she'd ever even let lick or finger her ass. And he had that monster dong. It stretched her pussy to the point of pain. Imagining that thing in her ass made her cringe.

He put one finger under her chin, lifting her face so he could look into her eyes. He must have seen the fear, because he leaned in to drop a kiss on the tip of her nose. "I would never do anything that you didn't want to, and I'd never hurt you."

Mickey looked at him, really looked at him. This guy was a virtual stranger. They'd fallen into each others arms about 15 minutes after they'd met. Their whole "relationship" was 3 fuck fests. She knew next to nothing about him. And yet, for some inexplicable reason, she trusted him. She believed what he said about not hurting her. Thinking back, he'd never tried to fuck her without eating her pussy first, getting her as wet as possible before slipping that massive tool into her tight hole. And she had liked the way his tongue and hands had felt working over her asshole. Her decision made, Mickey looked up into that gorgeous face, "You'll go really slow, right?"
