 Kind Readers,

Please forgive the mistake from my last submission.  Thanks for paying attention.  Enjoy!

*

Unlike most men, Rick Gaddis liked to shop, especially for clothes. He had always liked to look his best, and properly fitting clothes helped achieve that goal. Shoes were no exception, and Rick really liked the selection at a little store in a strip mall near the edge of town.

Pulling in the parking lot one day during his lunch hour, Rick was pleased to see few cars near the entrance of the shoe store. When he got inside, he saw that he was the only customer. Idly glancing at the selection, he chose a pair of wingtips for work, and was startled when a very feminine voice affirmed his choice.

"Those will go great with any suit or work ensemble," she said.

Rick turned to see, not his favorite salesman, but a pair of green eyes, chestnut hair, and flawless makeup. Taken aback, Rick asked about Mike's whereabouts.

"He's at lunch. With so many people on vacation, corporate lets some of us out of the office to interact with customers," she responded. "What size do you wear?"

"Ten medium," replied Rick, noticing just how beautiful the saleslady really was. The woman was as tall as he was and wore a form-fitting dress that did little to hide her womanly features. He thought he saw an outline of a nipple on a c-cup sized breast, a well-defined waist, and a pair of womanly hips that were simply erotic in their sexiness. Long, tanned, toned legs ended in a pair of very sexy 6-inch heels.

Realizing he was staring, Rick felt a little embarrassed when she said, "I'll be right back. Have a seat." 

When she turned, he couldn't help but notice that the dress was fastened on the side, giving him a great view of a sexy knee and thigh through the slit. Naturally, he followed her swaying ass as she walked directly away from him. When she got to the door of the stockroom, she turned quickly and caught him looking again. Meeting his eyes, she gave him a saucy wink.

Rick was a little uncomfortable, wondering just what he should say when she returned with the shoes he wanted. She squatted rather demurely to help him try them on, and Rick couldn't help but look between her beautiful thighs. He caught a glimpse of panties that matched the material of her dress, and was caught again. 

"How do they feel?" she asked, maintaining her squatting position.

Rick stood up, liking the feel of the shoes. Looking down, he realized that his dick was beginning to rise, creating a tent in his trousers. What made matters worse, the saleswoman's face was level with his crotch and she couldn't help but notice his predicament. 

She looked up and asked very professionally, "How do they feel?"

"Great!" he replied, sitting down.

The saleswoman, still squatting and displaying her panties, asked, "Is there anything else?"

Rick thought a moment and said, "Well, I could use a pair of loafers for dancing."

"Tassel or penny?" she asked as she rose gracefully, smoothing her skirt around her fabulous ass.

"Tassel," said Rick, swallowing hard and trying not to stare at her hips.

"Black or brown?" she asked.

"Brown," answered Rick.

Again, he was entranced by her swaying hips as she went to the stockroom. Again, she looked back just before entering and winked. Taking a little longer this time, she returned with a pair of brown tassel loafers, just like he was accustomed to wearing. 

Squatting in front of him once more, she took off his sock and slipped the new shoe on. Looking down, Rick was treated to the surprise of his life. The saleswoman's spread legs revealed a very delectable trimmed pussy, sans panties. She looked him in the eyes and said, "Well, do you like it?"

Caught completely off guard, Rick could only nod, as she smiled and glanced at his erect cock, acting as if it were ready to burst through his trousers.

"Let me go get a black pair just for comparison," she said, as she straightened up.

Looking at that ass for the third time, Rick knew this woman was playing him like a violin, and he was loving every minute of it. Suddenly, she was standing where he alone could see her, holding her panties on one hand, and motioning for him to follow her with the other. Never one to waste time, Rick quickly entered the stockroom, only to see the woman turn a corner. Rushing after her, Rick saw her stop before a desk and unfasten the clasp holding her dress. When she turned to face him, she held the clasp and undressed before his eyes. 

"Damn," thought Rick. "What a fucking woman!" Her skin glowed with a slight tan. Her breasts, a full c-cup, showed no tan lines, and were topped with chocolate colored nipples that begged to be kissed. In addition, she had an hourglass figure, and hips made for fucking -- all these visual delights hit Rick at the same time.

He stepped close enough to kiss her, and when he did, she started working on his belt and pants, saying huskily, "We don't have much time. Give me that cock, now!"

She spread her dress on the desk and leaned back on it, opening her legs. Rick looked at her pussy and saw that she had a very neatly trimmed landing strip, and from the moisture glistening there, he could see that she was wet enough to fuck. He slid into her, watching the bulbous head of his cock part her lips. Although she was extremely wet, she was tight, and Rick took his time entering her fully. The sensations on his dick were electrifying. He started to withdraw, but she put her heels on the backs of his thighs and held him in place. 

This woman knew how to fuck! Her cunt was like a silken glove, enveloping Rick's eight-inch cock from the head to the base. Her pussy muscles seemed to ripple as they clenched his shaft, driving both of them closer to the brink. Her clit, sticking out like a miniature thumb, was getting its own massage from the saleswoman, speeding her to her climax.

When she lifted her ass off the desk, it only served to make their contact more intense. Neither was able to hold back, and when she exploded on his dick, shaking all over, her clenching cunt seeming to vibrate with electricity. Rick released a torrent of hot cum deep in her, and catching his breath, stood perfectly still and reveled in the warm, moist sensations surrounding his dick. Moving her heels to the edge of the desk, she looked lazily at Rick and said, "I bet you've never been fucked like that by a shoe salesman before."

Looking down at their union, he saw cum seeping out around his dick and towards her magnificent asshole. "No, I haven't, and I'll bet you've never had your pussy eaten like this by a customer before!" he replied. As he knelt and placed his thumbs on her lips, he licked the errant cum on its way down her cheeks, thinking that he sure would like to fuck that ass. She was pleasantly surprised at this turn of events, and gasped audibly when Rick opened her lips and licked the sides of her sodden cunt. Spearing her as deeply as he could, he let his tongue fuck that warm, wet cavern of heat, until she was writhing on the desk. He enjoyed the taste of their combined juices, and continued to lick and suck her with absolute ecstasy. She moaned softly and then whimpered.

Raising his head up so he could see between her legs, Rick saw that she had a nipple in each hand and was pulling them forcefully. He asked, "Would you like me to stop?"

"God, no! Don't stop! Don't stop!" she said huskily, pulling her nipples with abandon.

Rick returned to the task at hand, and continued his oral assault. This time though, he concentrated on her very large, protruding clit. Sucking it gently at first, then increasing the pressure of his lips, he felt her begin to quiver and simply held on as she flooded his face with cum. She grabbed his head and ground his face into her pussy, as wave after wave of passion overcame her. Finally, her orgasm subsided, and before Rick could move, she slithered off the desk, and told him to sit where she had been. 

Without a moment's hesitation, she grabbed his cock and stuffed it in her mouth, as if it were the last one on earth. She sucked it fast and hard, giving Rick quite a thrill. He was a little tender, but ready and willing to give this woman another load of his spunk.

He said, "This is great, but I need for you to slow down and let me enjoy your talent."

She smiled a Cheshire cat grin, and said softly, "Any way you want it, Lover," and bent her head to his groin again. This time, she held his shaft with her left hand, and gently kissed the head. She tongued the rim, spending time underneath at that special place where the nerves bunch and sensations are heightened. Her saliva dripped down his shaft onto her hand, and she began to stroke lazily.

She engulfed the head, running her tongue over and around it. Suddenly, she lifted her head and looked Rick in the eye, asking, "Is that better?"

By this time, Rick had regained his composure and said, "That's great. Now, let me fuck your face."

He placed his hands on either side of the woman's head and gently began to move it up and down on his dick. She was holding on to the edge of the desk, and Rick was true to his word, moving her head back and forth with a steady rhythm, giving her little time to breathe. 

Feeling his balls begin to churn, Rick slowed his movements until he was ready to shoot another load. "Here it comes," he said, as he blasted the back of her throat.

She held on, swallowing eagerly, until he had spent his load. Taking her time, she licked him clean, and stood over him, smiling broadly.

"I hope this is the kind of customer interaction corporate wants!" she said as she wrapped her dress around her voluptuous body. Starting to leave the stockroom, she told Rick, "I'll have your purchases ready when you are."

Rick made himself as presentable as possible and went to the checkout. The saleswoman took his credit card, processed the transaction and said very professionally, "Thank you for allowing me to serve you Mr. Gaddis. Please come again!"