 Mickey's dream job, to be a sports agent, was not working out at all. At 26, she was still too young to be taken seriously, and too old to be an assistant. Add to that the fact the she was no super model, and life just couldn't have been any worse. Oh she wasn't ugly by any means, but at 5'4 and 140 pounds, she was hardly anyone's dream girl. Just your average pretty blonde with blue eyes. And a huge rack. All her life, Mickey had had people talk to her chest. Even straight women stared at her boobs! They were always causing problems for her, and she had contemplated surgery since puberty had hit at 13. Mother Nature had seen fit to give her a set of 34 DDD's. 

She was pissed! All she wanted was a long, hot bath and some sleep. Instead she was stuck on a plane. Damn her boss anyway! That old hag couldn't be bothered to do her own dirty work. No, that's what Mickey was for. All the years of hard work at college getting her degree, and she was being used as nothing more than an over-educated gopher. Some day she'd be out on her own, with her own gopher...preferably some hot, young stud.

She'd been so self involved with her anger at her boss, she hadn't noticed the young man who had taken the seat next to her. He was tall, 6'4, and athletically built. With his light brown hair, sparkling green eyes, and dimples, he was quite the looker. And all the attention bothered him. So he was pleased that the young woman seated next to him was preoccupied. It would save him the small talk that seemed inevitable on these long flights.

The take off was uneventful, and as soon as all the warning lights went off, she began digging out her laptop. "Might as well get a start on all the bullshit paperwork," she thought to herself. Just then the stewardess came by to ask if she wanted a drink. She politely declined. The man next to her asked for a scotch. "Little early for that," she thought, as it was barely noon. But who was she to judge?

Just as she was about to open her computer, the stewardess came back with her seat mates drink. As luck would have it, the plane jumped, causing the stewardess to misstep, and dump scotch all over Mickey. Specifically all over Mickey's chest! 

"Oh my God, I am so sorry!!" the stewardess exclaimed. She quickly grabbed a towel off her cart and leaned in to wipe off the drink.

"Well that's just fucking great!" Mickey complained bitterly. "Could this day possibly get any worse?"

"Just let me get you another towel," the stewardess offered, but Mickey was having none of that niceness bullshit.

"Oh, just forget it," Mickey mumbled. It wouldn't do any good anyway, she'd have to change her shirt.

As the stewardess prepared the young man a new drink, Mickey became aware of someone talking to her.

"I'm really sorry about all this. I didn't think ordering a drink would be such an ordeal."

Mickey looked up into the most vibrant green eyes she'd ever seen. "This man is a GOD! He should be sculpted," she thought to herself. He smiled at her and she lost her breath. Dimples for miles, and a cleft in his chin that she was dying to nibble...

"...never thought that this would happen," she heard him saying.

"What? I'm sorry I missed what you were saying," Mickey uttered like a dork.

"I was saying I never thought that something like this would happen. I've been flying for years and I've never seen this happen before. I am really sorry about all the trouble."

He had the sexiest voice she'd ever heard. The kind you dream of having whisper dirty words to you in the dark. Mickey knew a response of some sort was in order, but damn it, her hormones had made her brain take a vacation.

"Umm, oh, err it's ok. I won't melt or anything," Mickey stammered.

Melt? What the fuck was she talking about? Her brain had taken a leave of absence and left a muttering idiot in charge of her mouth! Just as she was forming some sort of witty comeback, she noticed he was looking right down at her chest. "Well, of course he is!" she thought. Then she looked down, and realized that the drink had made her blouse completely see through. As if that wasn't bad enough, the ice had made her nipples hard as pebbles, and they were clearly visible. She was practically topless!

She quickly averted her eyes to the left, and found herself looking directly at his crotch. And his huge bulge! Mickey quickly lifted her eyes, and there he was, looking right back at her. She didn't know what to do. She knew she'd been caught looking, and she was embarrassed as hell!

Mickey quickly put her laptop on the floor under her seat, jumped up, and proceeded to try and reach the overhead compartment. She needed to change, but more importantly, she needed to get away from this guy. And maybe take care of the dampness that she suddenly felt in her panties. She had her dildo in her bag...she was a single healthy woman after all. But she couldn't quite reach the lever that opened the compartment. Just as she was about to call a stewardess over for some assistance, her seat mate stood to help her.

As he stood up, his face brushed against her chest. Mickey jumped back as if she'd been shocked. The electricity that shot through her was insane! He looked as shocked as she felt. He excused himself and opened the door for her. She thanked him and quickly darted down the aisle towards the bathroom.

Once safely inside, Mickey took off her soaked top and bra. Her heart was hammering in her chest, and her body felt like it was on fire. She turned on the tap and splashed some cold water on her face. The drops that fell on her chest felt so good, she grabbed more water and rubbed it on her tits. "They needed washing off anyway," she smiled to herself.

Opening her bag, she dug to the bottom, looking for her vibrator. A little quickie to calm her hormones and she'd be fine. She lifted her skirt and took down her soaked panties. Mickey leaned back on the sink, gave a quick thought to the soundproofing of airplane bathrooms, and turned her vibe on. She normally liked a slow build up, teasing herself until she couldn't take it anymore, and then ramming it home until she came, but she was so worked up already that she didn't bother with niceties. Rubbing the vibe on her clit, she was just about to shove it in her pussy...when the doorknob rattled...and the door opened!

"Oh, shit, I forgot to lock the door!!" screamed through Mickey's head. 

And there he was! Her seat mate...Mr. Hot Pants himself...with a knowing grin on his face. 

"I thought you could use a hand, or more," he smiled at her, looking her up and down, his gaze lingering on her wet pussy. 

Mickey was speechless. Standing there with her shirt off, her skirt up and her vibrator forgotten in her hand. She watched helpless as he knelt down in front of her and took her dildo out of her hand. He slowly ran it over her clit. Back and forth he moved it, never taking his eyes off of hers, until he slipped it inside her. 

She was torn between telling him off, and begging him to get her off. She would never have a chance like this again. But the guilt and shame it would cause her later would be too much to handle. She was about to tell him to go, when she felt the first flick of his tongue on her clit! She let out a little growl and grabbed the back of his head. "To hell with guilt, I need this," she thought.

He was on his knees, slowly working her dildo in and out of her pussy, and flicking his tongue on her clit. She felt the orgasm building, starting low in her belly. His tongue was alternating between long, slow licks, and fast flutters. He kept slowing down and speeding up until she didn't think she'd be able to take anymore. Just when she thought she'd have to slap him away and finish herself, he rammed the vibrator hard into her and sucked her clit hard into his mouth. Mickey exploded!! Wave after wave coursed through her body, and her juices came pouring out of her. He lapped them up like a thirsty dog, until she was quivering and too sensitive to take anymore.

He stood to kiss her, and she could taste herself on his tongue. That man had a fantastic tongue. Mickey had just had the best orgasm of her life, and she wanted to return the favor. She slowly slid to the floor in front of him. She ran her hand up his thigh and to the biggest bulge she had ever seen. She quickly undid his pants and let them slide down. His cock was so big and so hard, the head and a good 2 inches were sticking out the top of his boxers. 

She leaned forward and licked the very top, where a shiny drop of precum had formed. She yanked down his boxers and set the monster loose. It was huge, easily the biggest cock Mickey had ever seen, even in porn. It had to be 10 inches long, and was so big she couldn't even wrap her hand around it. There was no way she was going to be able to swallow all of that, but she sure would try. 

She took the tip in her mouth and ran her tongue over the slit, hearing his sharp intake of breath. Licking all around the head, paying special attention to the sensitive underside, Mickey jacked him off. She tilted her head down and sucked first one ball and then the other into her mouth. 

He reached down for her, pulling her up enough to slip his cock in between her tits. He slowly humped up and down, pulling on her nipples. She'd had her tits fucked before, but it had never done anything for her until now. But the sight of that huge dick between her tits was getting her all wet again. She wanted that cock in her cunt. 

"Fuck me," she whispered to him. She turned over until she was on all fours, her wet pussy aimed up at him. He dropped to his knees behind her. She felt his tongue licking her pussy again, getting her wetter. He slowly licked all the way up to her ass. He licked her rosebud, sending shivers all through her. Mickey had never had anyone lick her asshole before, and she was surprised to realize how much she was enjoying it.

He sat back up and positioned his cock at her opening, and slowly slid into her. She gasped from the sheer shock of it. It was stretching her, almost painfully. He pushed his cock fully into her and waited for her to get adjusted to the size of it. Then slowly began bumping into her, not pulling out, just a slow bump into her cunt. The more he bumped, the wetter she got. Finally he felt she was ready, and pulled out about 4 inches...then slid back into her. 

She'd never felt so full before. He just kept up this slow pulling out and stroking back in until she begged him to fuck her harder. That's when he pulled his cock almost all the way out, and slammed it into her, knocking her almost flat. Over and over again he rammed his tool into her tight hole. Mickey was groaning, begging for more. She'd never been fucked like this before, and probably never would again. She was going to enjoy it while it lasted. 

Just as she was about to have another head-banger of an orgasm, he stopped.

"What the fuck? Finish me you prick!! Why'd you stop? Fuck me goddamn it!!" Mickey yelled at him.

That's when she felt his thumb on her slit. He was rubbing it all up and down her pussy lips. When he got it good and wet from her juices, he slowly sank it into her ass. She'd never had anything in her ass, and was shocked at the intrusion. "What the hell are you doing?" she shouted at him. That's when he started shoving his cock in and out of her again. 

Mickey was gone. Feeling that cock fucking her pussy made her forget everything else. And when he started fucking her ass with his thumb, it felt so good to have both holes stuffed, that Mickey forgot what she was angry about in the first place. 

He kept fucking both holes faster and harder, grunting with the effort. Mickey was flat on the bathroom floor, ass up in the air. The force of his cock ramming her pussy was causing her tits to rub on the tile. It was too much to take, and Mickey's orgasm ripped through her. She let out a feral scream, and her throat would be sore for hours afterward.

Her pussy spasms gripping his cock and her ass clenching on his thumb sent him over the edge. With a ferocious grunt, he let loose a torrent of cum. Mickey felt it splatter against her cunt walls. He collapsed on top her, neither of them able to breathe for a few minutes. Then he stood up, and helped her to her feet.

He straightened his clothing, washed his hands, gave her a long, lingering kiss, and walked out of the bathroom.

Mickey cleaned herself up, got dressed, fixed her face, and got back to her seat just as the fasten seat belt light came on. Her seat mate was slumped over with his eyes shut, snoring lightly. She smiled to herself. It was better this way, no awkward conversation to deal with.

When the plane landed, he was still sleeping. Mickey quickly got up and left before he woke up. Outside the airport, she hailed a cab, and gave the driver the address. She wanted to get this appointment over with and get to her hotel for a long bath. Mickey was sore in places she didn't even know she had.

She walked down the corridor to the office door, dreading the difficult client her boss had sent her to deal with. Knocking lightly on the door, she opened it...to the most vibrant green eyes she'd ever seen..."Hi, I'm Tim," she heard Mr. Hot Pants say as she stepped in.