 "You must be Michelle Jones," she heard him say, with a twinkle in his eyes and a knowing smile.

Mickey was pole axed. She never thought she'd see the man from the plane again. And here he was. This was the difficult client her boss had sent her to see. "What did I ever do to deserve this?" Mickey wondered to herself.

"Uh, yes, I'm Michelle Jones. Please, call me Mickey, Mr. Grant." Mickey's mouth was suddenly dry, and the temperature in the office must have been at least 100 degrees.

"Call me Tim," he said, coming over to shake her hand. The thought of where that hand had been a few hours ago made her blush. She mumbled something incoherently while returning the handshake.

Reaching for her briefcase, she asked, "Well then, shall we get started?" She sat her case down on the desk and opened it up. Pulling out a sheaf of papers, she realized he hadn't answered her.

She looked up to see him staring at her. Mickey was waiting for him to comment on the flight, but he was quiet. The tension was killing her. She was nervous and sweating. Finally, she could take no more.

"Look, I know this is awkward, but if we could get these papers signed I could get out of here. I need your signature here, and here," she said, pointing to the papers.

Still he just watched her. Mickey wanted to slap him just to snap him out of his trance. She was uncomfortable, and to be honest, a little turned on again. Thinking back to what he'd done to her on that plane had her feeling a familiar tug low in her belly.

He finally broke his silence. "I actually wanted my people to look over those again before I signed them. I'm just not sure if this is the direction I want my career to take."

Mickey knew that his people had looked at this contract at least 5 times in the last 2 months. They hadn't asked for any changes, or more money. She, and her boss, really didn't know what the hold up was.

"Mr. Grant, um, Tim, I really think that this is a good deal for you and us. We're not asking for much, and you will be getting a lot of good publicity. Your team thinks this is a great deal, and they want you to sign as well." Mickey was getting frustrated. She just wanted away from this man with the flirty dimples and the wicked tongue.

"Maybe we should go over it one more time. I just want to be sure. My career is at stake here." He seemed to be genuinely concerned, but Mickey had met prima donnas before and was skeptical. However, she really wanted this to be over, so she agreed.

He led her to a couch at the back of the office, and they sat down. She gave him the contract and waited for him to go over it. He began to read through it, and Mickey couldn't help but admire his profile. A strong, straight nose, slight stubble on is cheeks, and that chin. She never did get to nibble that chin...

"Hello? Are you still with me?" she heard him ask her. She raised her eyes to his and felt a blush creep up her neck. He was staring right into her eyes, right into her it seemed. She cleared her throat and said, "Sorry, I was thinking about something else."

A slow, sexy smile spread across his face, his dimples making another appearance. "Really? I think I'd like to know what you were thinking about. Anything good?" he asked, mischief playing behind those bright green eyes.

"This is ridiculous!" Mickey thought to herself. She couldn't work like this. "Just talk about the plane and get it over with," she mused.

"Look, maybe we should just talk about it. Then we can some work done," she heard herself say. Looking up into those eyes, she saw a flicker of something. And then that smile again. 

He leaned over, dropped the contract on the table, and asked, "What should we talk about?"

"You know, the plane, the bathroom. I just think we could get this paperwork done with if we cleared the air," Mickey replied.

"Oh, I see. It's all about the contract, isn't it?" his tone tinged with anger. 

"No. Look, I have never been in a situation like this before, and to be honest, I'm scared as hell. I don't pick up strange men in planes and have mind blowing sex with them and then ask them to sign contracts. Is there some sort of protocol for extremely embarrassing and uncomfortable moments like this?" Mickey's outburst surprised herself. She was so calm and in control most of the time, but this man unnerved her to no end.

"Mind blowing sex, huh?" he raised his eyebrows quizzically at her.

She was stunned. Out of everything she'd said, that's what he honed in on? Men!!! Just as she was about to make some biting retort, he leaned over to her, and brushed his lips ever so softly against the side of her neck. Mickey froze, goose bumps popped up all over her body, and her breath caught in her throat. 

She turned to look at him, and there was that smile. He leaned in again, and whispered seductively in her ear, "I keep thinking about you in that bathroom...seeing you with that vibrator...knowing I made you feel like that. I want to make you feel like that again, but this time without the machine."

He reached over and started to unbutton her blouse. He turned her towards him and bent to kiss his way down the front of her body. Licking and nibbling each new area of exposed flesh. Mickey was paralyzed with lust. She craved this man, wanted to devour him. Wanting more of him, she arched her back, making it easier for him to access her burning skin. 

He reached up and cupped her large breasts in his hands, kneading them before running his thumbs over her aching nipples. She sucked in her breath and bit her lip to keep from crying out. His head dipped and she felt his mouth suckling her nipple through the lace of her bra. Back and forth from one globe to the next, sucking, squeezing, rubbing them. 

He trailed his tongue up her chest, between the valley of her tits, along her neck and nipped her earlobe. He slid her blouse off her shoulders and down her arms, tossing it aside when it was off. He reached around her back, nibbling lightly on her shoulder and unhooked her bra. Turning her body even more, he pushed her back gently and slid her bra off. Laying her down, he went back to nuzzling her tits, making her moan and writhe. 

He left a trail of wet kisses down her stomach, unzipping the zipper at the side of her skirt. That he tossed aside as well. Mickey lay there in nothing but her flimsy lace panties, and her heels, panting, wanting him to touch her everywhere. 

He positioned himself between her legs and slowly licked the insides of her thighs. Small, gentle nips with his teeth left a trail of red marks up her thighs to the edges of her panties. Tim lifted his head slightly and pressed his nose to her mound, inhaling her scent deeply. And the opened his mouth and bit down on her mound.

Mickey jumped in surprise and lust. God she wanted his tongue on her, in her! She wiggled her pussy against his mouth, and breathed a husky, "Lick me, please."

He slid her panties to one side and let the tip of his tongue barely touch her throbbing clit. Mickey almost came right then, she was that wound up. He pulled back and looked up at her. "She's so beautiful," he thought. Her chest heaving, her skin pink with excitement.

He grabbed her panties and slowly slid them down her hips and over her shoes. Those he left on. He had a thing for fucking girls in high heels. He dipped his head low and went back at her pussy like a man with a mission. He wanted her to cum again like she had on the plane. He licked up and down her outer lips over and over again, waiting for her to beg him for more. He was not disappointed.

"Oh God, stop teasing me and lick me...Please!" she begged...and he was more than happy to oblige. Diving his tongue deep into her pussy, and then dragging it up to her clit. Long, hard licks up her pussy had Mickey in a sort of agonized ecstasy. She was so close to cumming, but he kept stopping just short of letting her go over the edge. She felt his hands lifting her legs, her knees towards he shoulders. He stuck his tongue out and began fucking her hole with it. Up and down his head bobbed, poking his tongue into her hole.

He pushed her legs up farther and darted his tongue into her ass. He remembered how she'd reacted to his tongue licking her ass before, and he wanted her to react again. She let a deep moan escape her lips. It felt so good to have him lick her ass. Flicking his tongue one last time over her puckered anus, he flattened his tongue and ran it straight up her pussy to her clit. He nipped it gently with his teeth before sucking it into his mouth. That sent Mickey tumbling over the precipice. She came in a flood of juice and something akin to a howl. 

She lay there trembling, her legs shaking, trying to regain some composure. He lay down on top of her and kissed her neck. She wrapped her arms around him, wanting him to feel how fast her heart was beating. She kissed his cheek, and whispered, "Your turn."

He got up, standing beside the couch, and looked down into her glazed eyes, at her flushed face. She reached for his pants, and he closed his hand over hers, stopping her. She looked into his eyes questioningly. He pushed her hands away and chuckled, "I'll do it myself. I'm afraid if your hot little hand touches me, this'll be over before I even get started."

He quickly got out of his shirt, and Mickey couldn't resist running her tongue over his stomach. Tim laughed and pushed her back. He unzipped his pants, kicked off his shoes, and took off his jeans. She reached for his boxers and he slapped her hand away. "Knock it off," he said to her sternly, but with that mischievous twinkle in his eyes.

He slid his boxers off and Mickey's gaze was immediately drawn to that magnificent cock. Her pussy twitched at the memories of how it felt sliding into her on the plane. Her mouth watering, she leaned forward quickly and licked the head before Tim could stop her. He hissed out a long breath, and grabbed her hair. He pulled her head back and looked deeply into her eyes. "You are a tease aren't you?" he asked. 

Still holding her hair, he slowly pulled Mickey to her feet. He leaned down and pressed his soft lips to hers. Their tongues waged a war with each other, each wanting to taste all of the other. Tim turned them slowly until his legs were against the couch. He sank down onto it, still holding Mickey's hair and keeping the kiss going. 

He let go of her hair and ran his hands down her sides. Mickey felt Tim's hands on the backs of her legs and needed no further encouragement. She straddled his lap, sucking his tongue deep into her mouth. She reached down between her legs and grasped his cock. Tim's eyes went wide and he pulled his head back, as she slid his dick into her pussy and sat down on it. She began a slow up and down slide on Tim's cock, clenching her muscles to keep him in tight.

She leaned into him for another long, passionate kiss, still slipping up and down on his pole. Mickey tipped his head back and did the one thing she had wanted to do since she first laid eyes on Tim; she nipped his cute chin gently with her teeth. 

Tim's hands grasped Mickey's ass in a death grip, sliding her faster up and down on his cock. One finger sliding between her cheeks to rub against her tight hole. She trembled when she felt his finger touching her asshole. He was close, so close, but he wanted her there, too. He stretched his legs out, reached up with one hand, and pushed Mickey back until she was almost lying on his legs. He rotated his hips up and hit something good.

Mickey went still. A loud gasp escaping her lips. Another hip rotation and another gasp. Grabbing Mickey's hips to keep her there, Tim arched his hips up again and hit pay dirt. Mickey's eyes went wide and she began to shake. Moving one hand to rub her clit, Tim arched his hips up hard...and Mickey went wild. Her pussy clamped down on his cock hard enough to hurt, and a flood of cum came gushing out of her cunt. Her pussy was quivering and quaking, and she was shaking uncontrollably on his lap. Mickey's spasms squeezed Tim's dick, and his cum felt like it was being drawn from every part of his body. He arched up and shot his load deep into Mickey. 

She lay reclined against his legs until her back started to ache, and then slowly sat up. He pulled her close, holding her tightly to him. He put his hands on her face, and kissed her softly. Grabbing her tush, he stood up, his now softening cock still inside her, and carried her to the bathroom at the other end of the office. 

There, they helped clean each other up, sharing sly grins in the mirror, both thinking of the last time they'd shared a bathroom. Hand in hand, they walked back into the outer office and began to dress. 

The intercom buzzed and Tim went to answer it. "Your next appointment is here, Mr. Grant," came the voice over the box. "Thank you, Sheila. I'll be right out."

Mickey picked up her purse and her briefcase, and Tim walked with her to the door. He leaned in and gave her one of those patented soft kisses, playfully squeezing her buns. He opened the door for her, and they went out into the corridor. 

"Joshua, good to see you. Thanks for waiting," she heard Tim say to the man sitting outside the door as she walked down the hall. 

Mickey pushed the button next to the elevator, thinking of the long, hot bath she'd been dreaming of since that morning. Once outside she hailed a taxi, and took the long ride to her hotel. She got checked in, paid the bellboy his tip, and began her bath water. She opened her briefcase to get her cell phone out in case her boss tried to call...and remembered the unsigned contract sitting on the table in Tim's office...

The End