 I love my job. I'm the only woman (Thank you, God!) and the greater part of my job is dealing with truck drivers all day. Now, while most of them are not anyone I'd be interested in, they are great for my almost-forty year old ego, always flirting with me and telling me how great I look and stuff like that. They are great guys and lots of fun to joke and flirt with.

Last fall I started having a mid-life crisis. Things at home had been going steadily downhill for the last few years and I started wondering "Is this all there is?" I'd never cheated on my husband in 13 years and had never even been tempted. But then I met this guy at work. (Yes, a truck driver.) He would come in once in a while and flirt with me. I don't know what it was about him, but I just felt this undeniable sexual chemistry with him. I had to go to a 2-day seminar for work in a town about two hours from where I live. I decided to let the company pay for me to stay in a hotel rather than make the commute for day two of the seminar. I told him I would be at this hotel and that if he could stop by I'd buy him a drink and we could talk. I told him right up front that he wasn't getting laid, because I didn't want him to be disappointed if, after getting to know him better, I decided not to do anything. 

I had asked him what he liked to drink and made a stop at the liquor store on the way back to the hotel that afternoon. I got to the room, which was very nice. It had a king-sized bed and a little sitting area with a love seat and chair, etc. Anyway, I got back to the room and took a nice long bath, shaving all the appropriate areas. (I know, I said I wasn't going to fuck him, but still--it's nice to be prepared.) I ordered something to eat from the restaurant next door to the hotel and was walking across the parking lot to pick it up just as he was arriving. 

He's pretty tall--over six foot and I'm only 5'0 (I love tall guys!) I made some comment about him being so tall and kind of took hold of his arm, leaning into him. And the most amazing thing happened--I felt myself getting wet. This was the first time I had ever even touched him. At work, I deal with the drivers through a window. We went back to the room, I fixed him a drink and we sat down on the love seat and started talking. I asked him what his story was. He had married an older woman (he's 36--she's 45) who no longer cared about having sex. He'd been involved in a long-term affair, but had gotten caught and it was over. He insinuated that he'd like to find someone to play with on a long-term basis. In the course of the conversation he told me he never even got a kiss at home and I guess that did it for me. I turned to face him on the love seat, with my legs curled up beside him. I leaned over and kissed him and Oh, my God! It was like the first really great kiss you ever get in your life. 

It was all tongue and SO passionate. His mouth was warm and soft, he tasted great and it was wonderful. We kissed for a while and he started playing with my nipples through my shirt, pinching and pulling on them. Then, because I'm a redhead, he asked me if my pussy hair was red. I laughed and said: "A natural redhead? You didn't think you were going to get THAT lucky did you?" Then I smiled, "It isn't red, but it's shaved." The look on his face was priceless. He undid my jeans and slipped his hand down the front of my panties. His fingers brushed the small triangle of neatly trimmed hair at the very top, then ventured further to where everything was smoothly shaved. Then he slid a finger inside me. It slipped in easily because I'd been turned on ever since the first contact in the parking lot. He looked at me, surprised. 

"You're wet." he said. I just looked at him with a totally innocent expression and asked, 

"Is that a problem?" 

"No, not at all." he said, looking rather pleased with the whole situation.

I stood up and pulled off my clothes and he seemed thrilled to find a black thong and matching bra under the jeans and T-shirt. I sat on his lap, straddling him and we started kissing again. He took off my bra and started playing with my breasts. He pulled on my nipples, twisting them and then sucking and gently biting them. I was rubbing myself against him, sliding my satin-covered pussy back and forth against the bulge in his jeans.

After a few minutes, I grabbed his hand and led him to the bed. We stripped and lay down and started kissing and groping each other. We got into a 69 position with me on top and he started eating me in a way that made me crazy. Unlike my husband, who is very light and feathery with his tongue, Eddie went right to it. His whole mouth was covering my pussy and he was basically sucking on it. It was so exquisite I thought I would die. I wanted to come so badly that I had to stop what I was doing to him and concentrate on coming. I was pushing myself down on his face, just grinding down on that fabulous tongue and those soft lips. He took my clit between his lips and sucked it hard and I came with an intensity that surprised me. I could feel the juice from my pussy dripping out and onto his face. I was soaked. I felt so bad--so naughty. It was a rush.

After I came, I moved around to get at him better. He has a nice cock--good sized, but not too big. I started sucking him. Slow at first, long strokes with a really wet mouth, gradually getting faster and trying to take all of it. I could get close, but not all the way. He said, "Bite it, chew on it if you want me to come." It was like a jolt of electricity right to my pussy, hearing him say that. I looked up at him, not sure if he was serious. 

"OK." I said. "Tell me if I hurt you." And I started sucking and gnawing on him with total abandon. His hands were threaded through my hair and he was talking to me the whole time, telling me to suck harder and urging me to deep throat him. In no time at all he was coming in my mouth. It was the most delicious, wonderful thing. My husband likes oral sex, but he can never come that way. The few times in our married life that he's come in my mouth he has always had to help me, which is basically him jerking off in my mouth. I was so thrilled to have made a man come with just my mouth that the night could have ended then and there and I'd have been happy. 

I went and got our drinks and brought them back to the bed. We lay there talking for a while and before I knew it, he was hard again. Now, I haven't been with anyone who can get it up more than once a night in a long time, so this was turning out to be a great night all the way around for me. I straddled him and positioned his cock at the entrance to my pussy, which was positively dripping, and as I was sliding down on him he said, "Is it too small?" Yeah, right--fishing for compliments, huh? 

I said, "God, no--it's perfect." I loved the way he felt inside me, so hot and hard. He had this little habit that I found incredibly sexy where he would say, "What is it?" trying to get me to tell him what I liked and what I was feeling. I love dirty talk, although I never really do it at home because my husband doesn't care for it. But I was still a little shy and didn't want him to think I was a total freak, I guess. So I said some things, but not nearly as much as I would have liked to. I told him how good his cock felt and that I loved how deep it was inside me. I fucked him for a while, trying out different angles. I put both feet flat on the bed on either side of him, squatting, and raised up, sliding my cunt almost completely off his cock. He groaned with pleasure and moved my hands to my breasts. 

I cupped my breasts and started pinching and twisting my nipples. The squatting position was difficult to stay in, the muscles in my thighs were aching, so I sat back down and started rocking backward on his cock. I must have found a rhythm he liked because he told me he was going to come if I kept it up. I guess he was giving me a chance to change things up in case I wanted to keep fucking. But I just kept rocking back and forth with his big cock deep inside me and before long he grabbed my hips and moaned as he came hard inside me. 

Afterward I asked, "Is that 'girlfriend' position still open, and if so--who do I see about an interview?" 

He laughed and said, "You've got the job." 

We lay tangled up with each other for a while and he had to get up and leave. That was four months ago and we haven't managed to get together again since. But I call him almost every day on the cell phone and talk dirty to him while he's driving. He tells me that as soon as he hears my voice on the phone he gets hard as a rock. He tells me lots of nasty things he wants me to do and I am so hot for him I can't wait to see him and do all the things we talk about.