 We had been cross street neighbours of Vicki and Nels for about ten years. It was not that we were close friends but certainly friendly neighbours. We had visited each other occasionally over the years; Christmas, barbeques and occasional house parties.

Vicki and I had always been quite comfortable with each other but other than occasional friendly kisses there had not been anything overtly sexual between us. I got along fine with Nels and overall they were just great neighbours.

The relationship between Vicki and I changed dramatically one summer. My wife had to return to her home town for a few weeks because of the declining health of her father. As it happened Nels was travelling on business out of the country. The kids from both families had either left home or were away on summer jobs. 

To make matters a little worse for me; my wife and I had hit a rough spot in our marriage and it had been several months since she and I had enjoyed sex together. Even the little touches and flirts that had always been part of our life together had dried up. I had begun to look at other women with the eye to taking one to bed. There was an interesting woman in the office where I worked; a few friends of the family who had shown some interest in me at parties; and some of the neighbourhood wives. But as I had never really strayed I had no idea how to acquire a friend with benefits. I began to feel like a horny teenager; awaking with a hard-on every morning and stiffening every time a woman of any description looked at me or brushed against me.

One late afternoon as I returned from work, Vicki was out in her front yard watering her flowers. I waved hello and when she responded I walked over to chat with her. She was wearing pale green shorts and halter which set off her body quite well. Vicki was not a voluptuous lady by any means, but did have a soft lithe sensuous look about her of a type that has always attracted me. She was not tiny; petite might better describe her. She was a strawberry blond with very white skin and freckles; a type that I admit to being partial.

We chatted for a while; very casual and about nothing in particular; with the exception that I could not keep my eyes off of her small breasts in the terry cloth halter top. It was obvious that she was not wearing a bra under the top, her nipples were quite prominent. She noticed my eyes drifting to her breasts and her nipples hardened in response. She bent to brush something off her ankle and the halter fell away from her breast and I could see about half of her pink nipple. I became hard quite quickly which she noticed as well; and when her eyes met mine it was obvious that there were vibes beaming outward from both of us. There is no feeling quite like it. 

I felt encouraged enough to allow my eyes to drift further down to her hips and shorts. The shorts were actually more of a bathing suit bottom; clinging quite closely to her mid-rift. I could see the outline of her slit through the cloth and I assumed that there was no undergarment there either. 

We were both flustered now and did not quite know where to go with this, standing out in the street as we were. I am sure that up to this point she had only ever thought of me as a friendly neighbour. I know that by this time I was thinking of her as something more than that and I believe she had similar thoughts about me. Eventually I returned to my house and after showering stood in front of the mirror with a great hard-on and nowhere to put it.

The next few days were repeats more or less of that first evening. Vicki would be somewhere visible when I returned from work. We would meet and chat and allow our eyes to roam. There was excitement in our eyes despite the no touch action. I cannot recall a word of the small talk in which we engaged in on those meetings. 

She was not there one afternoon and after standing for a while in my driveway I entered my house. I stripped and had a shower and after towelling off pulled on a pair of light linen shorts. As usual I had thoughts of Vickie in my mind during the shower which resulted in a tent in my shorts.

A few minutes later, there was a knock at the door and Vicki was standing there with a smile and a cake. She was wearing that damn shorts and halter outfit that had fired up my mind in the first place. She suddenly realized how I was dressed, or more properly not dressed, and her eyes drifted down my body and lingered on my burgeoning cock moving in my linen shorts. 

"What a nice surprise! I presume that cake is for me." I opened the door wider to allow her in and I felt her butt brush against me as she carried the cake into the kitchen. I could smell her scent as she slipped past me smiling a yes to my question.

I followed behind her into the kitchen and watched as she placed the cake on the counter top. I was right behind her; no more than a few feet or so; and she must have sensed me there and fussed a bit with the cake. God I was hard. 

She backed slowly into me; my hands catching her by the upper arms and easing her back against me. She murmured "Jim" and pressed her butt back against my hips. Her head turned to me and we kissed softly, a long lingering kiss. Looking down over her shoulders I could see her heart pounding and her breasts moving. My body had warmed up considerably as well. 

Our kiss continued and I slipped my hands under her arms and around to find her breasts. My cock was pressed up between her cheeks and she continued to press herself back against me. I cupped her little tits in my hands and she whispered, "What are we going to do?"

I did not answer, I knew what we were going to do and so did she. My fingers fumbled with the ties on the halter top and it fell free from her tits. Her nipples were erect and jutting out like sweet candies. I cupped the tits in my hands and she murmured, "Your hands are burning hot."

I wanted to maintain constant pressure on her as I worried that if we separated for even a minute that she would leave. Still holding her against me with one hand caressing her tits, I freed my other hand to slide down her back and into her shorts. I pushed them down part ways on her legs and said, "Take my cock out Vickie."

I was pretty certain that once she had touched my hard cock that we would be home free and no turning back. She did not hesitate. I am sure she was as curious about my erotic parts as I was with hers. Reaching behind; her hand slid down inside the band of my shorts and eased around my hardening shaft. "God you are thick" she moaned.

I was thick alright and getting thicker. We kissed and I fondled her tits and she caressed my cock for a while. Using her wrist she pushed my shorts down a bit and freed my cock and moved it down between her legs. As it worked its way between her tight cheeks I groaned, "Oh fuck Vicki, what a feeling."

I slid it back and forth along her slit for a few minutes. I was comfortable now that I was going to have some pussy, but wanted a little more foreplay. I pushed her shorts down to the floor, turned her to face me and lifted her up on the counter. I spread her legs by moving between them.

I leaned back a bit to take in the sight. She seemed quite relaxed with it all to my slight surprise. Her eye lids were partly closed as I looked down at her white freckled breasts; two rosebud nipples; naked belly and reddish bikini cut bush. She had the prettiest little pussy I had ever seen. It looked so tight and almost virginal, although the tiny landing strip suggested something a little more provocative. 

She held my cock in one hand and the fingers on her other hand traced circles around the knob, teasing and arousing me more. I leaned down and kissed and sucked each nipple. I said, "You know, these little sweeties were what got me going a few days ago."

She smiled and said, "I know, that was the reaction I was looking for. I knew I had your attention with your first gaze. That is why I did the little kneeling down bit to give you a peek at the nipple. I was actually hoping you would have made a move that night."

I used my finger in her pussy; toying with it; running it along each side of the slit; then along her groove feeling the juices increase. I rubbed the finger on her nipples and bent and licked them off. She groaned in pleasure. I said, "I need some pussy Vicki. I have not had any for months; I want to fuck you." 

She pulled my head down to her wide open mouth and her tongue slipped into mine. I ran my tongue around inside her lips as our passion mounted. Her hand was around my cock again; gently sliding back and forth on it; my balls tightening as my excitement mounted. 

She lifted the knob of my cock and slid her butt ahead on the counter until it was just rubbing her slit. She whispered "I want that big thing in me Jim. If you think you have had a long wait, Nels has not fucked me for two years. I have been planning this for weeks."

I moved a little back from her, enough that we could both look down between us. Her hand was rubbing the knob in the slit, and she began to move her butt ahead and her tiny cunt lips worked their way around my knob. The knob disappeared easily inside her, she said, "Fuck me with the knob a bit."

This was pure pleasure; we obviously both enjoyed stretching things out. We had all of the time we needed; no worries or desperation about interruption. Any knock on the door would be ignored. My knob became wet as it moved in and out, Vicki shifted ahead again, took in another inch or so of cock and we became a little more animated. My knees were weakening and my balls tightening. I grabbed her hips; my eyes focused on her red bikini bush; my cock half into her was wet and sticky with her juices.

Vicki leaned back on her hands with her eyes closed as I began short slow lengthening strokes penetrating more with each thrust. Her low moans interspersed with exclamations, "Oh God that feels so good. Take more Jim, deeper. Hmmm, fuck it, fuck it."

I seized her hips as I sunk it in until my balls were hitting the counter which was just a little high for good penetration. My hands went behind her back and she placed her arms around my neck and I lifted her and turned to settle her on the kitchen table which was lower than the counter. She lay back with her knees clutching my hips and we started fucking in earnest. 

We were in a world of our own and nothing else mattered; the only sounds were our moans and grunts; the slurping sounds of a cock in a wet pussy and my belly slapping against her ass. She rocked against me with each thrust into her; her eyes closed and her fingers pulling at her nipples. She was such a beautiful woman and one who had desired me and was giving it up for me. She appeared to cum a few times, her body suddenly writhing and twisting; but then she would settle back and beg for more.

The table was starting to shift with our efforts but we maintained our pace. A first short blast of cum set her off and she hooked her heels behind my back and I jammed it hard into her and released my load. My knees weakened and bent a bit as she pulled herself upwards with her arms around my neck. We kissed a passionate tongue lashing kiss as we trembled with our release.

She lay back again as her pulsing cunt forced my softening cock out. We both watched it ooze out and smiled at each other at the pure pleasure we had just experienced. 

She said, "God that was good. I knew it would be just by looking at you and how you have been looking at me for the past few days. It was so exciting; I felt that I was the seducer; but now I am not so sure. When I first put my hand in your shorts and felt the thickness of your cock I could barely wait for you to get it in me. I want it again."

I lifted her from the table and said with a smile, "Give me some time, I am too old for doubles. How about later, I have some calls to make; I will slip over to your place after dark."

Vicki replied, "Later will be fine, but I prefer to come over here. I will call you when I am ready to see if the coast is clear."

It was close to midnight when she called and I told her that I had left a side door open and would be waiting for her in my bed. I had showered and relaxed for a while and then allowed my mind to build on what might happen when she arrived. We both apparently loved the tease and seduction of sex, so there were many possibilities to consider.

I lay on the bed naked, my cock ramrod straight except for a slight upward curve. Vicki entered the bedroom wearing a dark silk robe which she removed as she stood at the bottom of the bed.

"Ah God that is the most beautiful cock I have ever seen" she muttered. She climbed on the bed below me on her knees, her eyes totally focused on my cock. Her nipples were fully erect and jutted out like pencil erasers. I lay there with my arms back behind my head and awaited her pleasure. 

She lay down between my legs and her tiny hand reached out and grasped my cock and rubbed it on her cheek and in her hair; her eyes focused on mine; the tease was in play. She purred "Maybe it is too big for my mouth, maybe I cannot get my lips around it." She kissed the knob; ran her tongue around it and then slid her tongue down along the shaft.

I wanted her to take it in her mouth so I reached down and held her head between my two hands. "Please baby, put your mouth around it; take in the knob." My body arched up towards her as her lips spread and encircled the knob. Her lips slipped down a little lower and I grit my teeth to control the urge to get off in her mouth. 

I pulled her up along my body, feeling her little tits rubbing my belly and chest until her mouth was at mine and we kissed a juicy sucking type kiss. I whispered, "I have been thinking about tasting that pretty pussy of yours ever since I saw it this afternoon. Let me have some now."

She pushed herself upwards, pulling her knees up and settling them each side of my torso. Her pussy was over my belly and she began to move upwards. I slipped my hands between her legs and pulled my way down until her little gash was right over my face. She began to settle lower until her cunt lips were brushing my tongue. I heard her groan as I licked her slit. I could feel her legs tremble as she held still and my tongue slowly lashed her. Her hands went under my head and pulled me up tight as she rubbed her cunt on my face and mouth. I drove my tongue up inside of her alongside a finger and she bolted upright "Ah God."

I moved back up from under her until she was kneeling over my cock. She braced herself with her hands on my shoulders; leaning over me on extended arms; the nipples on her little tits jiggling in front of my eyes; and began to settle down on my cock. I held my cock in my hand to keep it straight up and waited for her to slowly settle and take it in at her own pace.

"Oh damn it feels so big; I want it all in me; move it around; ah yes, yes." My cock was aching to be swallowed, my knees trembling as I watched this little woman impale herself on it; but I waited for her to feel comfortable. After a few tentative moves I could feel her pussy relaxing and loosening. She moved her butt up and down slowly and I could sense her gaining confidence with each move. My hands held her hips as she began to fuck me. My cock felt like it was sliding in and out of the finger of a tight glove. 

She lowered down over me until her nipples were brushing my lips and as she ground away she said, "Suck them, they are aching to be sucked, yes, lick them first, and now suck them." She was almost crying as she worked away; her hips and body writhing in our pleasure. My butt was starting to want to thrust upwards, yearning to grind my cock in the walls of her tight pussy.

I could feel her starting to tremble; her moves were almost convulsions. I was ready to cum now. I scooped her up in my arms with my cock still in her and rolled her to her back and jammed her legs up over my shoulders. I was almost half standing over her and jamming my cock straight down her when I began to cum. There were no words from either of us; just grunts and moans and hard fucking. It was beautiful and as it turned out; just what we both needed.

We did not meet again, our mates returning over the next few days and our lives returned to normal. Well, actually in my case, better than normal. My sex life with my wife blossomed once again. I have wondered since that happened if she sensed something different in me as a result of my trysts with Vickie. Or maybe she had enjoyed an old boy friend in her home town while away. Whatever, the results are just fine.