 I went to bed before you did; you were still playing a computer game but I was falling asleep in front of the TV, so I kissed you goodnight and stumbled off to bed.

And now I wake up to your stiff cock poking me in the hip. I open one eye and see the red LED numbers on the clock – 2:00 a.m. Oh jeez, you've got to be kidding me. I shift a little and you wrap your arm around my waist, spooning me. And snore. I giggle because you aren't even awake. At least, your mind isn't awake. Some parts of you are. I wriggle against you, liking the way the hair on your chest and arms tickles my bare skin. You mumble something in your sleep and pull my naked butt tight against your crotch. Your erection nestles perfectly in the groove and I feel you grind your hips against me – more purposefully now, but you mumble something incoherent and I know you are still dreaming. I stifle a laugh in my pillow. Not quiet enough I guess, because I feel you stir and your arm tightens around me. You kiss my neck, right by my ear where you know it makes my nipples hard, and I know that you are waking up, too. 

Squirming out of your grasp, I manage to roll over and face you. It's really dark, but there's a little moonlight shining in the window and it looks like you are grinning at me. 

"What are you thinking about?" I whisper.

"Quantum physics," you whisper back, fondling my tits.

(Why do I even bother asking you anymore? You always answer something weird like that. But if you can maintain a hard-on and fuck me so deliciously while pondering about odd science facts, then you are the greatest multi-tasker in the world.) 

"Oh, really," I say, pushing you over on to your back. I kiss your chest and your belly, slowly sliding down the bed. I nuzzle your erection, loving how soft the skin is there, velvety smooth. One long, slow, lick from base to tip and you groan right on cue. "Let me see if I can make you think about something other than quantum physics..."

I wish I could explain how much I love to suck your cock. You taste so good, you feel so good in my mouth. I love to flick my tongue on the underside of your shaft, and to swirl it around the head like I'm licking a lollipop. I love to make you moan, and thrust your hips, and tangle your fingers in my hair. I love you feel you get harder and harder on my tongue, and to feel you lengthen as you slide in and out of my lips. I love it when you are close to coming and I can taste it. I'd love to tell you all these things, but at the time, my mouth is too full to talk. And afterward, the words escape me; but I can write them down for you now. 

I feel you pulling at my arms, urging me upwards. Reluctantly, I give your beautiful dick one last, wet, kiss, and slide back up to straddle you. Well, not so reluctant now, because my pussy is wet and tingly and I want you inside me. There is that brief moment of fumbling while we try to get ourselves all arranged and find the right angle, and then I can feel you penetrate me. Even though I'm wet, you haven't even put your fingers inside me so it feels tight as you slide inside, until I adjust to accommodate you. It feels so fucking good I can't help but moan; and I realize the window is open so I try my best to keep it down. Don't want to wake the neighbors with our wild monkey sex at 2:00 a.m.

I adore being on top of you like this. Now that my eyes are used to the dark, I can see the love in your face, in your eyes. You reach up and caress my breasts – gently at first, but then you pinch my nipples, hard. I whimper and try to pull away, but you just laugh. 

"You need clamps," you whisper, wickedly. 

"No, I don't," I hiss between clenched teeth.

"Yes, you do," you reply, rolling my nipples deftly between your fingers. 

No, I don't want clamps, but what you are doing with your fingers is driving me crazy, like my nipples are wired directly to my clit. I lean forward, grabbing the edge of the windowsill, grinding my pussy down with determination on your cock. I am so close...almost there...

You are right on the edge, too, and you slide your hands down my back to cup my ass and pull me tight against you. I can feel you so deep inside me and my clit is buzzing and tingling with sensation as I ride up and down your shaft. Gripping the windowsill, I bite my lip to keep from yelling out loud, and I come hard and wet on your cock. Breathless, shaky, I lean forward to kiss you. You grab my hips tighter, thrusting upward...you groan and I can feel every throb as you flood my pussy, filling me with your come. 

I can feel your body tremor with aftershocks as you lay gasping, still buried deep inside me. I kiss your mouth once more, kiss the tip of your nose, and roll off of you, hoping that you will come to your senses soon and go get a little towel for me so there isn't too big of a wet spot. Until then, I snuggle up to your side, nudging your bare foot with mine.

And I smile, knowing that I made your toes curl.