 It was around 1:00 am, and it was very dark outside. There were no stars peeking through the thick layer of clouds in the sky. A black corvette was parked in a parking lot next door to a house. A man was waiting in that car for someone in the house to leave. 

The man in the car was waiting to see his lover, the wife of the man who lived in that house. His lover's husband was to leave for work at 1:30 am. He would go into the house and into her bed after he left. He'd done it several times before, with extremely pleasant results.

Suddenly, the front door opened and the husband came out and got into his car. He started the car and let it run for a few moments before closing the door and driving off. The man in the corvette waited for about ten minutes, then got out of his own car, and walked to the house. 

He quietly opened the front door, went inside, and just as quietly, closed the door behind him. He snuck into the living room, then turned left and went down the hall to her bedroom. He carefully opened the bedroom door and stepped inside.

On the dresser by the door was a touch lamp. He touched it one time so it would come on in the lowest setting, giving just enough light for him to see her. She was sleeping on her side, facing away from him, her favorite blanket hugged close to her chest, with her cheek resting on it. 

The man quietly walked to stand by the bed so he could see her face. She was smiling in her sleep. He couldn't help but smile himself, as he had the feeling she was dreaming about him again. This was confirmed when she whispered his name in her sleep. 

He went around to the other side of the bed and quickly undressed, careful not to make any noise to wake her. He pulled back the blankets and slipped into the bed beside her, then pulled her close to him. She sighed and whispered his name again, asking him to make love to her. 

He leaned over, kissed her cheek and said her name. He said, "Baby, wake up. Your lover has arrived to make sweet love to you." She slowly opened her eyes and turned her head to look at him. 

She looked into his gorgeous blue eyes and smiled, then said, "Hi babe. I was just dreaming about you. Am I still dreaming or are you really here?" 

"You are not dreaming, love. I really am here with you." he said before he kissed her deeply to prove it. As he kissed her, he slid her nightgown up her legs, tummy, and chest before slipping it over her head and tossing it to the floor. He started caressing her breasts. 

Her hands began kneading on his chest and shoulders. She slid her foot along his lower leg. His hand slid under the leg band of her panties, feeling the dampness gathering there as he slid a pair of fingers between the moist fleshy lips of her pussy. 

He broke the kiss and started to kiss her neck, moving slowly down to her breasts, kissing and licking and sucking her nipples. He sucked hard on her nipples, causing her to moan loudly. She moves her hand down to his lap and began to stroke his cock slowly.

He sits up and moves between her legs, sliding her panties off and tossing them on the floor with the nightgown. He began to lick and finger her hot wet pussy. His tongue flicked over her hard clit and her hips raised with each stroke. He continues to lick and suck and finger her for a few more minutes, until he feels the walls of her pussy start to clench tight around his fingers. 

She climaxed and her cum oozed out and coats his fingers and tongue. He greedily licks it all up like he just cant get enough of her tangy sweetness. He sits up and moves to kneel by her head. She starts to stroke his hard cock faster as she licks and sucks on the head. Her tongue flicks out and she tastes the pre-cum gathering at the tiny opening.

She takes all eight inches of him into her mouth and sucks him as she strokes him to orgasm. She teases him with her tongue and teeth against the full length of his rock hard cock. He doesn't want to shoot his cum into her mouth yet so he pulls from her mouth, then moves back between her legs, positioning his throbbing cock at her pussy hole. 

He slowly pushes into her until he is completely engulfed within her hot wet sheath. He starts moving in and out with long slow strokes as she lifts her legs up and wraps them around him. He starts moving quicker and deeper within her. His hand searches for and finds her clit and begins to rub it quickly, which rapidly brings her to another mind-blowing orgasm. Her juices coat his cock and drip down onto the bed. 

Within seconds of her orgasm, she feels him tense as he reaches his climax, shooting his hot cum deep inside her pussy. She has no fear of pregnancy because she knows that he had a vasectomy years ago. He collapses on her, his weight supported by his elbows as he kisses her deeply and passionately. 

He slips his softening cock from her and lays beside her, pulling her close. They lay spoon-style, her bottom right against his cock, his arms around her with his left hand resting possessively on her breast. They fall asleep until her alarm clock goes off at 7:00 am. 

She gets out of bed and gets dressed. She tells him to stay in the bed until she gets back home from taking her kids to school, in about an hour. She tells him to take a nap and rest up because she's going to wear him out when she returns. She takes the kids to school, then returns to the house by 8:15 am, locking the door and turning off the phones when she gets home. 

She grabs some drinks from the refrigerator, and goes to the bedroom. He is sitting up on the bed watching one of the porn DVD's from her "Fun Time" drawer of her dresser. She looked on the bed beside him and saw that he had her large pink dildo and matching vibrator out, waiting to use them on her.

She smiled and closed the bedroom door. She undressed and got back in bed, snuggling against him as they watched the couple on the TV, a muscular black man and a large breasted white woman, making love doggy style in front of a fire place. He picked up the vibrator and started rubbing it against her lower belly, moving closer to her pussy with each movement. 

When it brushed against her clit, she moaned softly. She slid down on the bed so she could lay flat and let him do whatever he wanted to do to her. He moved down as well and rubbed the vibrator around her pussy, just barely touching her clit with it. He surprised her when he put the tip of the vibe right on her clit and held it there as he turned it from low speed to high speed.

Within seconds, she was climaxing again, just from the clitoral stimulation of the vibe. He slid his fingers into her sheath and scooped out some of her cream, licking it from his fingers. She looked down at him and saw that he was already hard and ready. She nodded at him and he knew she was ready to have his hard cock in her again. 

He quickly moved between her legs and thrust into her with one movement to bury himself completely within her slick heat. His head dipped down to flick his tongue over her hard nipples before sucking them into his mouth hungrily, like a babe being put to the breast to nurse. He moved steadily within her sheath, bringing her closer to orgasm with each thrust and withdrawal. 

He pulled out of her and grabbed the dildo. He lubed it up good and slid it into her pussy, holding it in there with one hand while he put lube on her anus and on his cock. He slowly pushed his cock into her ass while the dildo was in her pussy, and slowly began moving in her ass, feeling the muscles clench and release him repeatedly. 

Once she got used to him being in there, he began moving the dildo in and out of her pussy at the same time. Within seconds, she was climaxing real hard, her juices flowing out and coating not only the dildo but his cock as well. Then he pulled out the dildo and replaced it with his cock again, thrusting within her real hard, deep and fast. 

Moments later, his cock throbbed and released his hot cum deep inside her as his own orgasm hit. He laid down beside her, his cock still pulsing in her pussy, and they rested. They made love for another three hours before he told her that he had to leave so they didn't get caught when her husband got home from work. She pouted a little, then said that they should take a shower together before he left. 

They showered and made love again in the shower, then dried each other off and got dressed. She walked him to his car and they kissed before he got in the car and drove away. She waved to him until she couldn't see his car anymore, then ran inside and threw herself on the bed and cried because she didn't want him to leave, but she knew he had to.