 "So do you want to go out tonight? I want to."

"What should we do? Dinner?" 

"Hmmm I'm not really hungry. Why don't we just go for a drive? Maybe through the canyon, it's beautiful at night. We can pull over and go for a little hike, sound good? Hike through the trees at night, no flashlights. Yeah, let's do that."

When we're walking out to the car, I mention that it looks dirty. Needs to be washed. Why don't we stop at the car wash on the way? Just drive through it real quick, get all the bird crap off of it. You know how much I love car washes, that illusion that the car is moving, how it gets all dark and claustrophobic. Loved it since I was just a little girl. Better grab a coat, it's a bit chilly. 

I fiddle with the radio while we're driving, scanning quickly through all the stations, not finding anything I like. You hate it when I do that, so I settle on something quiet, turn it down low, curl up in my seat and just watch the night fly by. We pull into the gas station and I start to get excited. You get out and walk inside to pay for the car wash and I watch you go, my head tilted to the side, smiling a little. Thinking. Conniving, really. When you return we pull up to the car wash, punch in the code, and roll inside. I pull my seat belt off when we get inside, turn towards you and unlock your seatbelt. The water starts to spray over the car, making the view through the windshield a dark, wavy mass of color. You smile at me and how much I love car washes. Before you can tease me, I lean over, kiss you softly on the lips. Just once, real slow and soft, warm, my hand against your cheek. Then I lean over into your lap, unbuttoning your pants and you laugh. You know what's coming next. You scoot down a bit in your seat. I pull your zipper down, carefully free you from your jeans. You look at me, my hair falling down over your knees, the length of my back between the seats, the waist of my jeans opened up in the back, so you can see the top of the crack of my ass. No panties. You slip a hand down there, brushing my lower back, running your palm over my ass. 

Meanwhile, I've gotten to work. Laughing a little in my throat with you in my mouth. I am not taking my time, knowing the car wash will not last long and you will soon have to drive again. I arch my back, pushing my ass up towards your hand. Press the flat of my tongue against the underside of your cock, rub it there hard. Suck. Slip it out of my mouth then back in again, pushing it to the back of my throat and holding it there, tight. You curl your fingers around my ass, reaching for my smooth little peachfish, and find it there, all warm and wet, waiting for you. You slip two fingers into my slit, glide them up and down for a second, then push them both inside of me, surprising me, catching me off guard. My breath catches, then I moan against your cock in my mouth. Slide it in further. Your other hand is curled in my hair, guiding me. 

You hold your fingers deep inside of me for a second, not moving, just being there. Feeling me. Hot, wet, silky soft. I tighten up around them, push back against them. You slide them out, then back in again, moaning with me as I copy your moves with my mouth. You open your eyes for a second and realize the car wash is finished. Someone is parked behind us, waiting, their headlights shining in your rearview mirror. They honk and I pull my head up, grinning at you. Grab your hand that was down my pants and slip your fingers into my mouth, cleaning them off. 

"Maybe we should go," I say. You grin back at me, and we drive off. I rebuckle my seat belt and remind you to do the same. 

You drive a little too fast, which is out of character for you, but I think you're just anxious to get to our destination so that we can continue what I've started. We reach the windy canyon road, follow it further into the trees and I peer down at the creek, all silvery in the bright moonlight. I try to find the moon, but it's somewhere above the roof of the car and I can't see it. I can, however, see the big dipper and I point it out to you. 

"That is MY constellation," I say, and you laugh at me. 

"Is that so?" You ask.

I say, "YES, it is branded on my body." 

You say, "How do you know it is not the other way around? Maybe YOU belong to the big dipper." 

I sit and think about this, watching the trees fly by. I love to look out the window while you drive. I remember how when I was young I would peer out the window and imagine myself riding a bike on the side of the road alongside the car, flying over cracks in the sidewalk, weaving between parked cars. I tell you this, and just when I'm finishing, you pull off to the side of the road and park. Turn the car off. Pull me to you. Kiss me and tell me you love it when I tell you stories about when I was a little girl. I kiss you back, closing my eyes and just feeling you there. We sit there and kiss for a long time, me half in your lap, curled up against you. Every once in awhile a car drives by, washing us in the light from its highbeams. 

I pull away from you, smile and bite my lip. I glance out the window into the dark trees. Look back at you. That mischievous glint in my eyes. 

"Chase me," I say, pushing the car door open and slamming it back shut, running out into the trees. You follow me, I can hear the leaves crunching under your feet. You're peering around trees, squinting in the dark. I hide behind a wide tree, peek back around it to see how close you're getting. My heart is pounding. This is fun for me. I let you look just until you start to worry, maybe feel the beginning pangs of panic, calling my name out into the darkness. You walk near my tree and I jump out, yell "BOO!" and make you jump. I laugh at you uncontrollably, feeling kind of bad but not being able to control my giddiness, my excitement and nervousness, being out here alone with you in the wilderness. I double over, clutching my tummy. I love to play jokes on you. I think you like it too. 

You grab my forearms, push me back up against the tree, a little forcefully. I stop laughing, sigh a little, trying to catch my breath, looking up that half inch into your face. You're not mad, you're just ready to finish what we started in the car. I smile at you, not like a little girl this time, more like the woman I really am, starting to burn between the legs, knowing, in that moment, that I am about to be fucked.

"Undress me," I murmur quietly. The moon, I can see it now, just over your head. It's full, shining down on us. You reach for me and I back away, around the tree. I pull my sweater over my head, letting it hang on my arms, in front of my breasts. You can see the pale skin on my tummy, my bare back as I turn in a circle for you, still backing away. You follow. I back into a tree and you reach out, take the sweater and pull it away from me. Stare at me for a minute, half naked and pale, bathed in moonlight. You reach out and fumble with the button on my jeans, a little rushed now, yanking them down over my hips and I step out of them, kick them aside. I stand there up against the tree, naked, feeling the bark biting into my bare skin. I reach out and slip my hands up under your shirt. Your hands are on me now, feeling my skin, leaving this warm trail all over me. It's cold and I pull you to me, yank your shirt over your head and you press your warmth against me. I'm breathing hard now, kissing you, nibbling on that lower lip of yours that I love. We're all mouths, tongues, lips and teeth. Hands. My fingers shake as I unbutton your jeans, pull down your zipper and push down your pants, grabbing you in my hand, hot, hard, ready. And I'm pinned up against that tree. 

'Now,' I plead, 'Please... now...'

'What?' You ask, teasing me. I can feel the head of your cock as it pushes at my pussy lips, slips between them, getting wet, resting at the outside of my cunt. I curve my hips towards you but you back up a bit, keeping yourself just out of reach. 

'Fuck me, please...' I beg into your lips.

You press me into the tree, pull my legs up around your waist, and slide straight up into me. You fill me up, bottom out, and I stop breathing. Sink my teeth into your neck. Squeeze my eyes shut and just feel you there. 

***********************

"Fuck me," you say, and I lift you up, your legs wrap around my hips. Your hair is all over your face. I am so hungry for you and pull your pussy close and settle right into you, fuck into you. I lean you a little against the tree and press you back. It hurts a little, the bark is scratching you with each thrust. I hear these little whimpers, you wrap your arms around my neck and pull yourself toward me, bury your face into my neck, whimpering oh yes, oh god yes.

And I am riding on you, letting your clit slide along the length of my cock, oh my god it feels so good. cradling my little girl in my arms, my naked little girl. You are so wet that I slide easily into you, each thrust has you literally impaled and pressed against the tree. I begin to kiss you, I can feel myself ready to cum and we are in such a heat. We don't even notice the cool weather. And I spray up into you, oh god. I'm cumming.

I set you back down and pull up my jeans. I pull on my t shirt, but I take your clothes and hang on. You, little girl, were very bad seducing me like this. Stripping naked in the middle of the woods so we are going to walk back to the car with you naked. And we start back. You say you are a little cold so I wrap you to myself and hold you close, keep you warm with rubs and touches. Mmmmmmm

The grass is brushing your legs, the small branches snapping across your tits. Ow ow ow. And we get to the car, there are occaisional lights going by, and just as you are getting in the back seat - yes, the back seat! I am not through with you little girl - a light comes around the corner and lights up your ass as it sidles into the car. Oh my god they saw me. You hit me, and I laugh. Lay you back on the car seat. 

You still have no clothes. If my little girl is good I will give them back to you. You PROMISE to be good. I watch you lean back, open your legs, this wonderful ravaged little pussy - that beautiful pink line, the little hood of your clit. I can see my cum still dripping out of you. The pucker of your ass. And you run your finger along the line of your puss, making sure I am watching you. Just the light of the cars illuminating us randomly, and bring your fingers up. Your beautiful, slick, sticky shiny fingers and feed yourself to me. Feeding me your cunt. Mmmmmmm. I lick your fingers, and then I reach down and dip into you. Feel your open little puss, and greedily stroke and rub your pussy. You are still so hungry and you begin to rub yourself against my hand. I lift my fingers and you begin to lick them clean.

Such a good little girl.

And we repeat, feeding each other, your pussy is getting so hungry and wild. I lean down and kiss you there, can feel its wetness on my face, rubbing my chin into you. God I am so hungry. And I lick you hard, up through your middle. You lay back on your car seat and push my face into you as I lick and lick. I tell you how wonderful, salty, sweet, spicy, hot, wet, you are soaking the car seat as I lick. I reach my fingers up into you and rub you steady over this little rough spot inside you and you really begin to squirm. Cum for me little girl. I keep licking you and stroking you until you are moaning and begging. Want to cum? Oh god, yeah and then this stiffening of your body, hitting the seat and pressing me into you, thrashing and mashing your puss into my mouth, I can barely breath but I hang on for dear life and keep moving on your body, reach up and begin to squeeze those beautiful tits of yours, and you are cumming. Over and over, this wave of pleasure. The windows are all steamed up, we are lost in the dark. 

You lay there, and I feel a twinge in my pants. I'm still not through with you little girl. You see me take my cock out again, and say I don't know. I might be too sensitive. And I lay on you, your knees are up. You get your answer from me. And I lay and set my cock at your pussy and plunge into you. You are like ow ow, oh god. And press me to yourself. Sooooo sensitive. And I lay inside you, hold myself into you and coo in your ears. Hold yourself open, open those legs. My good little girl, and slowly slowly I begin to fuck you again. Long strokes you can feel my whole length slide into you. Over and over and over and over. I just want to keep fucking. Being in you, being you.

We lay in that back seat until you are thrashing against me again, we are lost in one another, kissing, devouring one another. And in a blind heat are sharing a little orgasm, you are still naked and covered with cum. Cum on our breath, we are torn to pieces, clothing everywhere. We don't even know where we are. I give you your clothes and you are putting them on in the front seat as I am driving us back.

I am looking at you. It was only two things. I watch you pull up your jeans and your bare cunny - no panties - disappears. It looks pink, red, your lips swollen. You swat at me - you little shit - making me walk back to the car naked. I'm FREEZING.

I'll make it up to you little girl. I'll warm you right up when we get home.