 The text alert from her phone woke her from a deep sleep. She took a quick look, heaved a sigh, and quickly fell asleep again. She had left the garage door open for her new fuck buddy in case he should show up in the middle of the night as he often does, so when he did arrive, he was able to silently enter the house and walk down the hallway to her room, where he gently slid back the blankets and caressed her leg, waking her. It was midnight.

"I just woke up," she told him as she got out of bed.

"It looks like it," he teased. 

"Sorry... I didn't know you were coming until I got your text."

And without further ado, she was obediently on her knees in front of him, ninety seconds after waking from a deep sleep, unfastening his belt and sliding his pants down, exposing his huge cock straining against his tight boxers. And she quickly got those down too, taking his cock in her mouth and savoring the taste of him, her muffled moans filling the room. She knew she was going to get a good fucking, and the anticipation made her squeeze her nipples as she slid her lips up and down his shaft, trying her best to get it as far down her throat as possible because he liked that.

"Lick those balls, you little cum slut," he ordered, and she quickly obeyed, taking one and then the other of his balls into her mouth as she stroked his cock with her hand.

She then licked the entire shaft up and down while her French-manicured nails teased his balls. But she had to have his cock in her mouth again and continued the blow job.

"I'm gonna work on that gag reflex, and one of these days I'm gonna shove my cock down your throat and pump it full of my hot come," he informed her and then grabbed the back of her head and forced his cock down her throat and held it there, making her choke until she was able to pull off and gasp for a breath.

"Hey!" she said with a smile looking up at him.

"It's one thing if it happens, but don't do it intentionally," she scolded him with a laugh.

He gave a hearty laugh and let her suck him for a few more minutes.

"I'm gonna bend you over this fucking bed and shove my cock into that wet little cunt of yours, then pull it out and let you taste it some more."

"I'm not sure how wet I am, I just woke up," she giggled, and then took a few more sucks on his cock before getting up and bending over her waist-high bed, secretly hoping her pussy wasn't too wet for him. He always made a point of telling her how fucking wet she was, and not as a compliment.

"You're already fucking wet," he told her with a hint of disdain in his voice as he worked his tool into her dripping pussy.

Then the fucking began. He drilled to depths she didn't even know existed, and before long he was working at a furious pace, giving her defenseless little cunt a workout, slamming balls deep over and over into her, making her scream out in ecstasy as her pussy succumbed to the relentless pounding of his big cock, her come squirting on his balls and running down her leg to the floor.

"Do it to me Baby... oh yeah!" She was able to moan in between her screams.

Then she whispered, "Oh Baby... you're so deep... so, so deep. Oh God!"

"Who owns this cunt?" He demanded.

"You do," she managed with a struggle to verbalize anything.

"And I'll take whatever I want," he said as his rhythm continued.

"Yeah," she said under duress. 

And she came again.

He gave her ass a hard slap and gripped her ass cheeks with his strong hands, pulling her onto him and then pushing her off, using her as his personal love doll as he watched her hungry cunt devour his cock time and again. He gave her ass another slap, this time harder than the first.

"OWWWWW! That HURTS! Oweeeeeee..." she cried, but the fucking was so good that the pain quickly became another orgasm as her screams filled the house and probably woke up the neighbors. He never missed a beat, fucking her from behind like the bitch in heat that she was, all the while holding onto her ass cheeks and giving her new sensations.

He slowed down to catch his breath for a bit, and she thought maybe he was through as his movements in and out of her became very slow, but then he picked up the pace again.

"Oh God... no rest for the wicked," she said in a sultry, sexy voice as the deep drilling began again. The fucking had been going on for only ten minutes, but already she needed to catch her breath. He then pulled out of her, and he guided her down on her knees again, and this time she was licking his come off his cock and balls, mixed in with all her juices. She was trained well... she knew if she licked and sucked his cock long enough, she would be rewarded with an even longer and merciless fuck, and for the next two hours, that is exactly what she got.

It didn't take long for his cock to come back to life, and soon she was trying to deep throat him, sometimes gagging and then apologizing for not being able to take it all in.

"Just take what you can take," he told her after another gagging reflex made her come off his cock.

"I like how you work that cock Baby, and one of these days you're going to be rewarded with a mouthful of come."

"I'm working on it," she said, then continued her sucking, making obscene slurping noises in the process.

"Practice makes perfect," he chuckled.

"I guess," she said as she looked up at him, her hands stroking his cock.

He had her get on her knees on the bed, with her hands gripping the top of the sleigh headboard.

"Arch that ass!" He commanded as he came in from behind and slammed his cock into her with one shove.

"AHHHHH!" She screamed as the attack on her pussy continued.

"You're sooooooo DEEP! You don't even KNOW how deep you are!" She managed to blurt out between moans.

Each of his hands had a handful of ass cheek, and he was slamming his cock in and out of her. With every stroke her tits would slam into the headboard, adding to the delirium that her ass and pussy were also getting. 

"Are you getting that friction that you wanted? Because I'm feelin' it," she gasped as the assault on her pussy continued.

"Oh say it... tell me..." she couldn't finish the sentence, and then suddenly she shouted out, "Oh Baby, tell me you own it. Say it!"

Orgasm after orgasm ravished her body, and the sheets were soon soaking wet from her gushing. She was so wet he would occasionally slip out, and after one of these outages he placed the enormous head of his cock against her ass hole and held it there.

"You're teasing me someplace else now... you're teasing me," She taunted him as they both caught their breath.

"You're so fucking WET!" He stated the obvious.

"I can't help it! It's what you do to me... you turn me ON!" She giggled coyly as she grabbed onto his cock that she just couldn't get enough of.

Then he lay on his back, and she knew what to do... not letting him wait too long before she had his cock dutifully in her mouth again. With his cock in her mouth, she teased his balls with her tits, brushing her nipples back and forth across his heavy sack, turning herself on even more. She sucked until her jaw hurt, and finally she told him she needed to catch her breath, and herself became spread eagle on her back as she got her first rest since he had arrived well over an hour ago.

She was enjoying her break, when he suddenly told her, "You can breathe while I fuck you some more."

She laughed and replied, "I have to breathe you know."

Then he was on top of her, and the onslaught continued on her pussy.

"Oh GOD BABY! You're so DEEP when you're in THERE!" She groaned as she was getting hammered again.

Then she cried out, "Oh BABY! You're making me ORGASM!"

His balls were drenched with another flood of her comings.

He put one of her legs on his shoulder, and with the extra leverage was able to pound her wet little cunt even harder, making her tits bounce uncontrollably. Her head tilted back as she gave out a yell with every stroke. The fucking was relentless.

"Come for me Baby one more time, come all over this big cock, and I'll reward you with another load of come in your pussy," he coaxed.

He grabbed her nipples and pinched them hard, and this sent her over the edge for the grand finale of orgasms for the night.

The insatiable cock hungry cum slut was finally ready for it all to come to an end.

She was now begging him, "Come for me Baby... COME FOR ME!"

He let out the slightest sigh and flooded her pussy with his come as he continued to fuck her until he had nothing left. After he was spent, he got up and stood next to the bed, where she again got on her knees and cleaned up the mess of come on his cock that she had caused. He then left as quickly and quietly as he had arrived. And she fell asleep soon after her head hit the pillow.