 Dan, my son, came over for dinner. He brought his wife, Mai, with him. She was a gorgeous little Thai girl. Golden skin, dark almond shaped eyes and black wavy hair made her quite the succulent little package. They’d been married three years and he had dated her for five before that. He was 24, and she was 22. Her family had immigrated to the US when she was 12. She didn’t have any noticeable accent, which was sort of hampered some of my personal fantasies.

I’d seen her drunk once. It was at the party I had thrown to celebrate my divorce last year. Dan’s stepmother had turned out to be a cheating whore. She got caught and then got nasty. I probably would have forgiven her, but she decided to rub my nose in it and allowed herself to get knocked up at the age of 41 by a 19 year old boy. Stupid bitch. 

Anyway, I’d seen Mai drunk. And then I’d seen her naked as she wandered, blitzed out of her mind from the spare bedroom to the bathroom and back. She hadn’t even been coherent enough to recognize the fact that she was naked in someone else’s house. I should have taken some photos of her. Damn, she’s a hot little number. Nice ripe titties, probably B-cups, I haven’t looked at her bra, so I really don’t know. And her pussy is just the tastiest looking one I have seen in years. It is covered in sparse black hair. I frequently wondered if she trimmed or if it was naturally that sparse.

We spent the afternoon grilling and drinking. Brats, burgers and dogs all were rapidly consumed by us and the 33 additional guests. Did I mention the beer? Two kegs were absolutely demolished. I swear that little girl must have knocked back better than half a case. By the end of the evening she couldn’t even walk a straight line. I saw a few of my uninformed guests trying to hit on her. Dan watched, didn’t say anything. I started wondering if the two of them might be swingers. Elise, the stupid whore, and I had played this game, hence why I would have forgiven her. Dan knew that and I wondered if he and Mai were doing a little experimenting themselves. Nothing became of it, though and as the hours waned, the guests gradually bade their farewells and left. 

I decided to leave cleanup for tomorrow. I was slightly buzzed and very horny with the thoughts of Mai taking on other men or even multiples (Be still my throbbing cock!). I told Dan and Mai they were welcome to stay if they were too lit to drive. She definitely was, but Dan is pretty good at holding his liquor. Dan informed me that while he could probably drive, the long day and the booze was taking its toll on him and he’d stay over rather than risking nodding off behind the wheel. That’s my boy, always responsible.

I went up and brushed my teeth, washed my face, stripped down (yeah I sleep in the buff, it’s more comfortable) and crawled into bed. I was pretty awake though. I was horny and wanted to fuck. I decided I’d drop by a girlfriend’s tomorrow and see if she was interested. 

I tossed and turned for probably close to an hour when I saw a figure pass by my open door. I rolled to get a better look in case it was Mai naked again. A few minutes passed and the toilet flushed. The light that trickled from under the door flooded into the hall as the door opened. Mai walked out, naked as the day she was born. She turned out the light. My eyes struggled to adjust to the darkness. I didn’t see any movement.

I am glad the lights were off and there aren’t any photos of this moment, because I am certain my eyes must have bugged halfway out of my head. My bed shifted as she climbed in and slid under the covers.

“Oh, Danny-boy, we aren’t done yet!” she said. I immediately started to get hard. She has the tiniest little voice and that really turned me on.

She lifted the covers and dove underneath. I could feel her warm breath against my stomach as she slid lower. Her hand grasped the base of my rising cock and her sexy lips kissed their way along the shaft to the top. By the time her mouth reached the head, I was a full mast, extremely erect. 

“Ooh, Danny, you got hard again fast!” From her comments I deduced that she and Dan had already been playing around and he finished up. Her mouth engulfed me. Her lips slid down the shaft of my penis. I could feel her tongue working against my cock. The head bumped the back of her throat and she began trying to swallow. The feeling is absolutely indescribable! I have never had a mouth feel like that. I knew I would blow, and quickly if she didn’t stop. Her lips slid back up until they hit the ridge under the head, where they remained locked. She slid back down, fucking my cock with her mouth. I knew I was making noises. She correctly interpreted them as my approaching orgasm and backed off.

Her leg hit my arm. My eyes had adjusted; I could see the form of her ass through the darkness. I reached out and put my hands on her, guiding her over. She straddled my chest and I pulled her back. My nose detected the odor of semen. Dan had fucked her and left her wanting. I extended my tongue and ran it over her pussy. Her hair was matted with a small amount of cum. She must not have been concerned about cleaning it off in the bathroom. She released a small moan of pleasure as my tongue parted the folds and slid into her recently fucked snatch. My son’s cum covered my tongue along with her juices. I sucked her lips and then slid my tongue down and massaged her clit with it. The small hard nub of flesh was pushed around and manipulated by my questing tongue. Soon I had her making the same kind of sounds I had. I didn’t back off, though. I kept at it. My fingers joined the fray as I inserted them into her pussy. Even having just been fucked, the little hole was tight around my two fingers. I pumped them in and out as I kept working on her clit. 

Her hand tightened painfully around the base of my cock. Well, that certainly stalled my orgasm! She was gasping for breath with her orgasm, cumming hard. I kept going until her breathing relaxed, and then I eased off.

“Oh, that was good.” She said. Her voice changed somewhat with her next words, “Ok, GI, me love you long time! Fucky-sucky five dolla?” What? Oh. She was playing a hooker for a GI. Must be a little sex role-playing she does with Dan. She was Thai though. I couldn’t remember if there had ever been any US troops in Thailand. Vietnam and Laos, sure, but Thailand? I didn’t think so…but hey, who cares? 

She crawled off of my chest and stayed on her knees, her torso on the bed and ass presented to me for the taking. I wasted little time and queued up behind her, my erect member aimed at her wet vagina. The head touched her lips and she emitted a little coo.

“Come on, Big Boy, you fucky! Me love you long-time!”

I slid my cock into her. She was tight, but between her juices, my spit and Dan’s cum; it was like sinking into a warm jar of Vaseline. I slid in slowly, savoring this. I was pretty certain she would figure out I wasn’t Dan, but she made no protests. Was she that trashed? I certainly hoped so. I hit bottom. Such a tiny girl, with an equally tiny pussy, and my own daughter-in-law, to boot! I pulled back. The streetlight shining in my window allowed me to actually see my prick as I pulled back from her. Strings of Dan’s jizz decorated my cock. I pushed back in. What a snatch! I snuggled up against her ass, my hands around her waist. I slid my hands up, enjoying the feel of her skin. She rose up on her hands and mine got to her breasts. I cupped those sweet little hooters in my hands and rolled them around.

“Ooh, GI, go harder!” she said. Cock or hands? I wondered. I settled on the cock and started thrusting harder and faster. She was well primed and started to cum again. Her juices actually started to flow out of her around my cock. I could feel her wetness on my stomach and balls. She began crying out. Things were getting loud. I hoped the door to the spare bedroom was closed as it had been when she was fucking my son. I suspected it wasn’t, and mine wasn’t. I didn’t want Dan to hear me pounding the shit out of his wife, so I reached around and covered her mouth with my hand. 

I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, “Keep it quiet or the whole platoon will be doing you and there won’t be any extra five dollas!” I hoped that would keep her quiet enough.

Apparently, it was the perfect thing to say, because the next thing I knew her cunt had clamped down in my cock so tightly that even with all the extra lube in it, I couldn’t move. Her body tensed up and started shaking and from underneath my hand, I could hear her wailing out an orgasm. Something warm hit my leg. I reached down as she trembled around my pecker. Fluid. She was gushing out, literally. I touched the bed sheets. Soaked! Holy Fuck! 

The whole thing was too much for me. I completely lost in and started shooting into her receptive pussy. I could feel my cock pulsing as I unloaded into her, adding my sperm to Dan’s. I assumed she was on birth control. At least I hoped she was. 

Gradually, we both relaxed. My slippery cock slid from her hole and I sat back against the headboard. 

She sighed out in satisfaction. “That was fantastic, Dan. Now I have to go clean up again.” She rolled herself out of bed and staggered out of my bedroom and back into the bathroom. I dashed out of bed and shut the bedroom door and locked it as soon as the bathroom door was closed.

After a moment, I heard the toilet flush and the door open. The doorknob rattled a second. I heard her muttering through the door. Eventually she must have realized she was at the wrong door and wandered back down to the spare room. I opened the door and peeked in to the hallway. Empty. I tiptoed down to the spare room and looked in. There she was, curled up against Dan, both sleeping soundly.

I padded back to my room and closed the door. I flipped the light on. On the floor was a trail of cum splatters that had dripped out of her on the way to the bathroom. I looked at my bed. There was a large, and I mean large, wet spot in the center where we had fucked. I stripped the bed, laid a towel down on the wet spot on the mattress and then put a new sheet on. I then lay down and went to sleep. 

The next day, there was the normal casual conversation as we cleaned up. I don’t think Dan or Mai could have concealed it if they knew. 

Here’s to good times with good friends! I’ll have to throw more parties in the future!