 The clouds have covered what's left of the sun as I sit here on this park bench listening to the kids play at the park. Right at the moment I am in mommy mode. I brought my boy down here to run off some of his ridiculous energy that never seems to slow. However, just because I am busy being a mom does not mean that my thoughts are all pure and virgin like. Actually, what's been on my mind is my man and his ability to drive me absolutely nuts. My mind is forever picturing new things that I would love to experience with this man. If I can't experience these things with him, then I have no interest in experiencing them at all. 

I think about how I just shared my scenario with him about another girl and him fucking while I watch. Holy hell that is one major hot story that is sure to leave you with the need to either get fucked or fuck yourself so to speak. This has led me to thinking about him watching me and another man fuck. Now I am wondering if I will be able to have the same effect on another man as I do mine. 

I do know that if I am able to do to another man what I do to mine, then it will not have the same effect on me as it does when it involves only my handsome man. The way mine reacts to the things I am doing to him is enough to make me completely lose my fucking mind. Don't get me wrong, it would be a huge turn on to know that I am pleasing another man but the reality of it is there is really only one man that matters to me and pleasing him is what I live and breathe for and what keeps me going.

So, I have decided that this threesome is something that must happen and I am determined to see that it does. I begin to strategically plan and carefully select the man that will be my toy. My ridiculous list of wants and don't wants doesn't really need to apply to this situation because when it is over he is not the one that I will be thinking of, desiring or going home with. However, I do know that I don't want a sleaze bag or just some random man off the street. I am looking for a toy, not just a piece of ass. 

I've recently decided that instead of locking myself up in the house it might do me some good to get out and live a little even if it is alone. Sitting at home alone has really started to eat at me in ways I never thought possible. Not to mention, how am I going to ever find this other man if I don't go anywhere other than work and home? So I've been going to this bar that some old friends told me about and I went with them a couple of times. 

The name of it is "Midnight Rodeo" and I have decided that I will be going there tonight. Yes, they have a mechanical bull and hell no, I have not tried it. If I'm going to be thrown around I'd prefer it to be in the bedroom with my man and sex is definitely going to be involved. The best time to go to this bar is Saturday night because that place is packed. You are sure to have a good time whether it be dancing, playing pool, mingling or people watching while enjoying an ice cold beer. 

I've been back now probably a half dozen times. Tonight there is this one man that has caught my eye. Actually, I think I caught his attention first but needless to say, we started talking. His name is Colton and he is a pure country boy that grew up on a farm. Now he is into the cattle business. Roping and riding all day in his wranglers and white t-shirt. 

I ask him, "are you single?"

He replies with, "Well, yes and no." 

I decide to let that go and if he wants to expound on it later, then he will. Who the hell am I to ask questions about a relationship and it's meaning anyways? 

He says, "What about you, are you single?" 

I pause for a moment as flashes of my mans smile fill my mind. I say, "no I'm not single, at least I don't consider myself single but maybe he does. However, I am looking for another man to join in and help make a few of my fantasies come to life." 

He smiles a huge smile as he says, "Really?" 

I shrug my shoulders and smile as I look away and mumble, "maybe."

The evening is flying by and the conversation has been great. I am really glad that I decided to come here tonight because this was definitely way better than spending my night on the couch alone. 

I ask him, "have you ever had a threesome?" 

He takes a deep breath and says, "Yes with two girls." 

"Lucky bitches," I say and that has him laughing. Then I ask him the question I've been wanting to ask him all night. "What would you say about a threesome with my man and me?" 

His response, "What would you say about a foursome with my sort of girlfriend and I?"

I just about spit my beer out and start choking on what I am trying to get down. I say, "well, that's definitely not what I was expecting you to say!!" 

He starts laughing and says, "Is that a yes?" 

I smile and nod my head as I say, "absofuckinglutely, but I think we should go right this very minute and run it by my man!!" That's that and we walk out to the parking lot together. I say, "follow me to my house and by the time we get there the man of the hour should be there."

When we pull up to my house I see my favorite mans red truck parked in it's spot. We park and walk up to the porch together. It just so happens that my babe is sitting on the porch drinking what I assume to be a ruined coke that has rum in it. I never have understood how people can drink that shit let alone ruin a perfectly good coke!! That should be outlawed!! Our eyes meet and he sees my smile that he knows so well. It's the one that says I am up to something. 

He looks over at Colton and then back at me and he says, "No way babe!!" 

I say, "yes way babe!!" 

I introduce them to each other and go inside to grab some beers. When I come back out, they are in a full blown conversation about who the hell knows what. All I can think about is the two of them in my bedroom, hell on this damn porch for all I care, making me feel like I am the only woman in this world that matters. 

After the two of them finish what they are talking about, I look at Rick and say, "baby he wants to know what we think about a foursome with him and his "sort of" girlfriend?"

Rick clears his throat as he says, "Well fuck, I was thinking threesome but sign me up!!" 

We all laugh at that and I take a seat next to Rick. I look at Colton and ask, "when do you think she would be available to meet?" 

He shrugs his shoulders as he says, "I can try to get ahold of her tomorrow." 

I smile and then there is an awkward silence. I stand up and say, "well that works for me but there is no use in wasting tonight," as I open the front door and walk in. I know within a matter of seconds that door is going to open and I will be followed by the both of them.

Colton comes through the door first and sits down on the couch while Rick turns the radio on and Eric Church is singing his "Like a wrecking ball". I am leaning up against the wall as Rick comes up to me and I raise up on my tip toes so that I can kiss his addictive lips. His hands move to my ass and I sigh. After a few moments he pulls away and looks at me and says, "Why Jennie you should be ashamed of yourself for ignoring our guest!!" 

I laugh and walk over to Colton who is leaning back and I can see the outline of his hard dick in those tight wranglers. I instantly think they should be called stranglers at this point. I pull my dress up far enough so that I can climb in his lap and straddle him. His eyes are watching my every move. I glance back at Rick and he is standing there with a huge seductive smile on his face. I turn back to Colton and lean in to taste his lips. I find that his kiss is way different than Ricks but still enjoyable. I start moving my hips so that my clit is rubbing on his erection that is begging to be freed. His breathing has grown heavy and I know that he is super turned on. 

I pull my dress up over my head and throw it on the floor behind me. Colton groans and Rick says, "Jesus fucking Christ girl!" 

Now I am sitting there with only my pink bra and matching thong on. I look at Rick and ask, "what do you want me to do baby?" 

His hand goes to his hard dick and readjusts it in his shorts. He says, "Baby this is about you tonight and me enjoying watching you do what you want!" 

With that I reach down and start to unbutton Colton's jeans and he lifts up just enough to move his jeans down so that his aching hard dick can find it's freedom at last. I look down at it and think to myself that it is a good size and I'm not going to be unpleased with it but my mans dick is definitely the one that fits me like the missing puzzle piece...perfect. Almost like he was made for me or maybe we were made for each other. 

I start rubbing my finger tip around the head of his dick just like I do to Rick. I am thinking that I am going to do to Colton the exact same things that I do to Rick so that Rick can see it from another point of view. I lean down and lick where my finger just traced. I get up off of him and get down on my knees in front of him. Then I take his entire dick into my mouth and let it rub the back of my throat just like Rick's does. Colton's hand moves to the back of my head just like I love it. I am now full on sucking his dick while imagining it is Rick's in my mouth. I look over at Rick and motion him to come over. He does and I reach up and undo his shorts that fall to the floor. His dick is begging for freedom too. 

I pull his boxers down and pull him closer to me. I pull Colton's dick out of my mouth and turn my head to Rick and take his dick into my mouth. His hand is on the back of my head immediately because he knows how much I love it and what it does to me. I begin sucking his dick just like I did Colton's. Then I start switching back and forth between the two of them. After moments pass I get up and grab each of their hands and pull them back to my bedroom. I pull Rick in for a kiss and grab his shirt and pull it up for him to take off. He does and my hands go to his shoulders and down his chest. Then I turn to Colton and do the same thing to him. 

My mind is racing with things that I want to do next but before I can decide what to do next, Rick is picking me up and laying me on the bed on my back. He pushes my legs up and apart and gets straight down to business. He starts licking and fingering my pussy just like he knows I love. 

Then he looks over at Colton and says, "Watch this." 

Rick then takes his tongue and licks his way to my ass and then sticks it in. After a few seconds he replaces his tongue with his fingers. I arch my back and come up off the bed. Every nerve in my body is on maximum alert and I am on sensory overload at this point. 

I can hear Colton say, "God damn!"

Rick follows that up with, "I know, it's amazing how fucking turned on she gets by the little things." 

Meanwhile, I am about to scream from the sensations going through my body. Rick gets up and moves to the side and Colton takes his place. 

He looks at me and says, "Tell me what you want." 

I answer him in a partial scream, "put your fingers in my ass and lick my clit because I have got to cum!" 

He does exactly what I say and before I know it I am cuming so god damn hard that I don't know if I can take it. Colton is groaning and I am trying to say, "Rick baby please come here I need you!" 

It comes out as a whisper but he knows what I want. He leans down and starts kissing me as Colton licks all of my cum away and my body continues to almost convulse from the orgasm.After I have recovered a bit I reach for Colton to pull him down onto the bed with Rick and I. I am still kissing Rick as I reach for Colton's still hard dick. My other hand finds Rick's beyond swollen dick. I know that he is about to explode just from watching me have that orgasm. 

Now I have to decide what to do next. I know that I want both dicks in me and not only that, but like an hour ago. I just don't know who I want where. I really love watching Rick's face and being able to look into his gorgeous almost bewitching eyes but at the same time I really want him in my ass. I'm still not sure if I am willing to share that with anyone else just yet or maybe even ever.

I know that Rick knows exactly what is going through my mind. He gets up and tells me, "Get on your knees with your face down on the bed."

I don't hesitate. Colton gets up as well. 

Rick says, "Baby tell me what you want." 

I say in a pleading voice, "please baby I want you in my ass!" 

He pulls me towards him a little more and rests his dick just outside of my ass. He reaches over and gets some of the lube that he hid in my drawer forever ago. He massages it onto his swollen dick and then my ass. Then he slowly starts to slide into my ass. I am very still waiting for the initial awakening of my ass to happen. After a few seconds he is as deep in my ass as he can possibly be and I raise my ass up and he knows that I am ready for the fucking of a life time. 

As he is plunging in and out of me he is asking me, " Baby, do you want to feel Colton in your ass?" 

I say, "baby my ass is for you only but if you want to see him in my ass then you know without a doubt I will do it for you because you being turned on turns me on just as much!" 

Rick groans at that and says, "Hold on a second." 

He pulls out of me and I assume he is getting more lube. However, he had a different plan. He moves Colton over to my ass and gives him the lube. 

Then Rick says, "Okay baby, sorry I had to get some more lube." 

As he is saying that, Colton is sliding into my ass and I immediately know that it is no longer my man deep in my ass. I'm telling you that I know my mans dick. Without letting them know that I know or turning my head I say, "nice try baby but nobody's dick will ever feel as good as yours or compare to yours!"

They both laugh at that and Colton continues to slide in and out of me. His dick does feel good but not as good as Rick's. I have made up my mind though about who I want where. I want Colton to remain behind me deep in my ass while I straddle Rick and stick his dick deep inside of my soaking wet pussy. 

I say, "Baby come lay down on the bed so that I can get on top of you." 

So Rick lays down and Colton pulls out of my ass. I climb on top of Rick and he slides his dick into my pussy. Holy fuck, that feels so damn amazing when he puts his dick in me for the first time each and every single time we have sex. It feels so good that it's almost like it's the first time we had sex over and over again. I will never be able to get enough of him or his dick entering my pussy or ass. 

After Rick and I are comfortable, I tell Colton, "put your dick back in my ass."

He gets situated and then does what I ask. My eyes slam shut as I let out a scream of pleasure at the feeling of both of them being in me at the same time. I open my eyes slowly and look down at Rick and my heart stops. He is giving me that look, of pure passion and lust, that takes my breath away every time he does it. I lean down and start kissing him and letting his tongue plunge in and out of my mouth just as it would be doing if it was in my ass. Colton is setting a good pace and once he is steady I start to move my hips and grind on Rick's dick. 

Rick says, "I don't think I am going to last much longer baby because this has been too much for me!" 

Colton says, "Me neither beautiful, so where do you want me to cum?"

I say, "I want you to cum all over my face while Rick watches but first I want to switch positions with Rick." 

I let Colton get a few more plunges in and then he pulls out and I get off of Rick. I lay down on my back and tell Rick to put his dick in me where ever he wants. 

He says, "Jesus baby!" 

He puts my legs around his neck and slides into my pussy as Colton comes over to me to put his dick in my mouth so that I can finish him off. After a very brief moment, Colton says, "I'm going to cum!" 

Then I am looking into Rick's eyes while another man covers my face with their hot cum. Once Colton is done he collapses onto the bed and turns to look at me. 

He says, "My fucking god I have always wanted to do that, thank you!"

I reach my tongue up to lick some of his hot cum off of my lips. 

Rick says, "Baby look at me, I'm going to cum and I want you too see in my eyes what you do to me. I want you to know that you are all mine and I am all yours." 

Just hearing him say that is enough to make me want to start this all over again with the two of them. Then, Rick pulls out of me and he shoves my legs down so that he can get to my face and cover me with his cum too. He is making his sexy as hell "I'm cuming" noises. God this man is going to be the death of me with his sexiness, lust, desire, need and want for me. His cum is warm and I open my mouth to taste it. The taste drives me mad just like always. 

When he is done he collapses on the other side of me. We all lay there in silence except for our breathing. After a few moments Rick grabs me a towel to clean my face. 

As I am doing that I ask Colton, "would you come back for more?" 

He doesn't hesitate and says, "Fuck yes!!" 

Then I say, "we should all meet up for drinks next weekend and you should bring your girl or whatever she is." 

He says, "You don't have to ask me twice and I will get with her and hopefully she will join us!" 

Colton and Rick shake hands like they just got done with some business deal and I lay back on the bed exhausted, yet I feel so alive and at peace. Colton gives Rick his number and then lets himself out. 

Rick gets back on the bed and pulls me into him and asks, "Was it all you thought it would be?" 

I say, "it was more than I thought it would be and I still have so many things I want to do but they will have to wait until the next time I suppose. What about you?" 

He says, "Baby that was one of the most incredible things I have ever been given the opportunity to partake in and experience!" Then he says, "Thank you for tonight. I am one lucky bastard that knows just how lucky he is to have an amazing woman like you." 

Before I drift off into a sleep that comes so easy when my man is here laying next to me whether I am in his arms or not, I say back to him, "I am the lucky one and I couldn't ask for a better man to have in my life. You are so many things combined into one big prize that gets better and better everyday."