 Jamie glanced at Thea's closed bedroom door as he tiptoed from his room to the stairs; they'd both gone to bed about an hour ago, but he couldn’t sleep at all. He wondered if she had trouble sleeping or if she dreamed peacefully beyond that closed door. Of course, she was part of the problem for him; Jamie had known Thea for years, but since he'd come to stay with her, he couldn’t get his friend out of his mind. Most likely, his "lust" was all one-sided and that the woman, who was four years his senior, gave him no more thought than as one of her best friends. He sighed to himself and continued down the stairs, intent now on finding something to snack on; his stomach grumbled, and if he couldn’t feed one hunger, he might as well take care of the other one. 

The young man tread lightly through the front hallway and into the open kitchen. A strange glow from the livingroom caught his attention, and when he looked over the counter, Jamie saw that the television was on. The more his soft brown eyes adjusted to the dim light, he realized that he wasn't alone in his insomnia. He saw Thea sitting on the overstuffed beige sofa by herself. When he looked to see what she watched, he ended up getting an eyeful of tits and ass and a huge hard cock filling up the latter. Jamie blushed and didn't know quite what to do; he was used to watching this stuff, but he had never been caught at it and wasn't sure what he should do in this case. Just as he turned to go back upstairs, he smacked his toe on the bottom of the cabinet, his breath catching and getting Thea's attention. 

"Jamie?" she asked, startled. The disheveled 29-year-old looked surprised but didn't turn the video off. Thea brushed her long chestnut brown hair out of her eyes and smiled at her friend who was still grimacing from stubbing his toe. He realized that his sneaky exit was not going to happen, so he made his way into the livingroom, limping a bit. "Are you okay?" she asked and smiled when he nodded yes. 

"Hi," he began, trying not to look at the fucking on the t.v. But when he looked at Thea seated comfortably on the sofa, he signed and knew that he wouldn't escape being horny tonight. She wore a cream-colored satin robe, the length of it obscenely short, and Jamie couldn't help staring at her long shapely legs; he'd often envisioned those luscious, olive-toned beauties wrapped around him, both in sex and in sleep. Now they were bare for his viewing and seeing them just made him long for more. He tried to continue and explanation. "I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I'd get something to eat…," His nervousness made his British accent very noticeable. "But…I should probably go back up to bed…," Jamie licked his dry lips and tried, unsuccessfully, to look away. 

"Don't rush off. You can join me…," Thea paused then grinned mischievously and added, "…if you want." She patted the sofa beside her, and he felt his head spin just from the nearness of her. There was a part of him that was still ready to return to the loneliness of his bedroom, content with the fantasy of what she was offering. This invitation might not mean anything after all, and his frustration would only increase. But she did issue the invitation, however…he could hope… Without saying anything, Jamie sat down on the sofa on the far side from where his friend sat. He smiled quickly at Thea then turned his attention to the movie on the t.v.

Of course, this didn't help matters any. On screen, a woman was on hands and knees, her body shaking with the force of the man who fucked her from behind. In front of her, a man moaned loudly as the woman sucked on his huge cock. The volume wasn't very loud, but the sounds were deafening to Jamie's ears. His head swam with the images on the t.v., and he risked a glance at Thea. Her legs were curled up beside her on the sofa, her feet just inches away from Jamie's right leg; her robe had pushed up almost to her hips, exposing her firm ass. His eyes followed the trail of satin up her torso and saw that the robe had begun to fall loosely open. Jamie could see her right breast clearly and almost gasped aloud. With the sounds of sex in the background, he continued to watch Thea, his mind full of fantasies of his friend. He was aware that he'd grown hard but ignored his own body in favor of the one seated next to him. 

Thea absently ran her hand over her small, round breasts, liking the feel of satin on her bare skin; she hadn't even known what possessed her to come downstairs; she had a television set in her room, after all. Or why she'd started watching the videos that would only leave her frustrated. She guessed her actions were in part because she'd hoped she would be caught by her houseguest; she wasn't even sure that he was as attracted to her as she to him, though there had been signs to indicate at least a mild interest. Perhaps this was her way of tempting him, bringing him to her instead of waiting for him to make the first move. 

At one point, she realized that Jamie watched her, and she smiled dreamily, definitely turned on. She kept up her caresses, one hand pushing back the robe a little more until she was even more exposed. Thea rubbed her hand over her right breast even more urgently, pinching the erect, caramel-colored nipple. His eyes were still on her, disbelief on his young face; this had to be breaking some ethical code of friendship, but Jamie couldn’t bring himself to look away. Even the sounds and actions on the porno had faded from his attention. All he cared about now was the show going on right next to him. He turned around on the sofa to watch his friend unabashedly, his own erection straining against his pajama bottoms. This couldn’t be happening, he thought to himself and kept watching as Thea fondled her tit; she had completely pulled back one side of her robe so that her right breast was out in the open, bared for his viewing as her pleasure. 

Suddenly, Thea looked over at Jamie, and he blushed quickly, embarrassed that he'd been caught staring at her. He assumed that she'd be pissed and was surprised to see the grin spread across her face. He opened his mouth to apologize, but she held a finger up to her own mouth to indicate that he shouldn't speak. She turned to face him, her legs together at first while she untied her robe; Thea pushed the material aside, totally exposing her breasts to him. Jamie's lips were dry again, and he moistened them with his tongue, not believing what was going on. Then, slowly, she parted her thighs, allowing her friend to see all of her. 

Jamie felt his heart pound in his chest, his eyes drinking in Thea's form, now wholly exposed to him. Beneath the dark mound of curling hair, glistening lips waited to be parted and explored. He watched as her left hand travelled the length of her body and, while her other hand continued to play with her tits, settled over her pubic bone. Fingers tangled briefly in the chestnut curls then pushed farther through the parted labia into her hungry vagina. Thea watched Jamie's face, smiling at his expression of want and desire. She wanted him to want her; she wanted him to be so ready for her that he wouldn’t be able to refuse her. One finger played lightly inside her then she pushed in a second…then a third. She could see his hands twitching, aching to go to his erection to free it. To ease it. But there was still hesitation in his actions; so she pushed at his thighs with her toes. 

This startled him at first until she began tugging at the pants' leg; as if obeying a spoken command, Jamie pushed the cotton pants down over his hips and all the way off onto the floor. Now he was naked in front of his friend, and he blushed again. When he looked at Thea, she had raised an eyebrow and was running her tongue over her teeth seductively, her hungry look surprising him. When he didn't do anything, Thea sat up and reached over, grabbing his hand and placing it onto his own cock; she held his hand and rubbed it up and down the shaft then took his other hand and placed it onto her chest. Realizing finally that she really did want him, Jamie grasped her right breast first then her left, pinching each nipple between his fingers. He abandoned jerking himself off to rub his other hand over her wet cunt. He pushed her fingers out of the way and explored her the same way she did--with one finger moving in and out of her then with two…and his thumb hooked down to add pressure to her asshole. 

Thea moaned and arched her back, the invitation unmistakable. She threw her head back, and Jamie couldn't resist kissing her bared skin; he bit and sucked the taut flesh between her collarbone and her left ear. She reached out for him, one hand caressing the back of his next, pulling him even closer. With her other hand, she warmed his cock, tightening her grasp and stroking him into a frenzy of pleasure. Jamie gasped against her shoulder and bucked his hips as she moved her hand along his length. 

Just as Jamie reached for her waist to pull her onto his lap, Thea slid onto her knees on the plush ivory carpet. Without giving him the chance to question, she took him into her mouth, her velvety lips moving up and down his shaft. He gave a low moan, watching her suck on the head; she made sure that he saw her tongue moving over him slowly. The tip glistened with her spit and his pre-cum, which she drank off him, her thirst not yet slaked. He caressed the side of her face with one hand, trying to concentrate on what she was doing to him. She sucked on him intently, feeling him grow even more in her mouth. 

"Thea," Jamie said, out of breath. He was so close to coming, and while this had been a fantasy of his, he wanted this first--perhaps only--time with Thea to last. 

She sensed the urgency in him and wasn't ready to end this just yet. Thea took a hold of Jamie's hands and pulled him down onto the floor with her. She grabbed him in her hand and guided him into her wet cunt; laying back on the floor, she wrapped her legs around his hips and pulled him forward on top of her. Jamie thrust into his friend and cried out from the intense pleasure of it. He was almost oblivious to Thea chanting his name softly. Almost. The sound of his name on her lips was music to his ears and was something he'd never dreamed of hearing in this way from her. He picked up his tempo and moved in and out of her faster. She grasped his ass in her hands, scratching the skin and pulling him into her harder; Jamie loved her insistence and felt the wildness in their fucking. He groaned and breathed heavy while Thea cried out beneath him. Then he bent down and kissed her lips for the first time, her mouth parting and yielding to him, and their tongues tasting each other hungrily. They revelled for a moment in this newness as his thrusting became even rougher. Thea bucked against him, working with him to heighten the friction. She laughed at the freedom of it then cried out for more. Jamie pushed into her harder and harder; he wanted this to go on forever but knew that he couldn't hold out much longer.

They had both reached a fevered pitch when he finally thrust one last time, screaming his ecstasy as he came with full force in her already dripping cunt. Jamie felt his chest almost burst as every muscle in his body tightened; Thea still clutched at his flesh, breathing heavy and crying out her own pleasure. When he looked down into her face, he saw that she smiled contently, exhausted but sated. He grinned, too, and kissed her lips long and deeply. She smelled of their sex and it was the most divine scent to him right now. 

Finally, he pulled out of her and lay down beside her on the floor; Jamie propped himself up on his left elbow and gazed down at her. This was it, he figured. A one-time occurrence. He only hoped that it hadn't fucked up--pardon the expression--their friendship. That was important to him. He had no regrets about what they just did; he hoped that Thea felt the same way. 

She surprised him by rolling over and biting his nipples; she grinned up at him then sat up and pointed to the t.v. The video was still playing. 

"I hope you're not getting tired, my friend. It's just getting exciting." Thea told him, letting her double meaning sink into his brain. This was too good to be true, Jamie thought, but he wasn't about to argue with her. He sat up and moved closer to his best friend, ready and willing for whatever happened next.