 Note: This is the last chapter of the "Midnight Snack" adventure. You might want to check out the other two chapters, though you should be able to get a good sense of what's happening as these two lovers sneak off and satisfy their appetites. Hope you like it. 

Peacekeeper25 

*

Jenny baffled but also intrigued me. She seemed able to keep her secret life separate from her public life. The fact that she was getting married in two weeks and felt no guilt for our wild secret fucking was not an issue for her. I remember the passionate way she said, "But I love my secret life. I love my body, my mind, my freedom and no one can stop me from being me."

At dinner, she was reserved and hardly paid attention to me. No one had a clue what was going on between us. Except for a few glances and a slight smile, we were two people at opposite ends of the table. She knew I would be leaving in the morning and I wondered whether we would have another midnight snack. 

After dinner she said she was going to take a walk on the beach and did anyone else want to go. Our eyes briefly met as she stood, but everyone was involved in a conversation and just waved goodbye as she walked out to the back porch. I didn't move for several minutes after she left and then got up and said, "I think I'll take a little walk myself and walk off some of this dinner." 

The others continued their conversation over coffee and didn't pay much attention to my leaving. I went out the back door and saw Jenny walking down the beach towards the ocean. The full moon was low over the water and sent a long silver glow towards the shore. Jenny was now standing barefoot on the edge of the water. She heard me approach, turned and smiled, then looked back at the ocean.

When I stood next to her, she was silent and so was I. Finally, she turned to me and said, "You probably think it's horrible that I'm fucking you and getting married in two weeks."

"I'm intrigued by your secret life and how you can keep your sex life separate from your everyday life. I mean, which is the real you?"

"It's all the real me," she said. "It's just two sides of a coin."

"Does your husband- to- be know this about you?" I asked. 

"Yes, and it's one of the things he loves about me—he likes hearing about my little escapades. It turns him on." She said. "We love playing games with each other."

"I see. Does your sister know this about you?"

"No, and no one else does except John, the guy I'm marrying and now you." She paused and said, "You're a great lover. I loved how you got into my little farmer's daughter game this afternoon." 

"That was pretty wild," I said, feeling myself getting hard just thinking about it. 

"Sex is fun and it's amazing what intense pleasure our minds and bodies can give us. Being able to imagine a scene like that or any scene and just fuck and feel free—what an amazing gift we've been given."

"Is that you or the poet speaking?" I asked. 

"Same thing—It's me—the poet, the secret self, the public self—it's all my life and I wouldn't want it anyway."

"Are you a free spirit?" I asked. 

She took my hand and placed them between her tits. "Feel my heart beating." she said. "My heart, my mind, my spirit, my body and being alive and able to experience the thrilling sensation of fucking is such a miracle."

I looked at the intensity of her eyes as she spoke. I held my hand on her heart and she moved it to her nipples and said, "I love how my tits feel when they're played with. I get so turned on. I love how your hands feel."

My cock was growing hard and she reached down and started rubbing it and said, "This feels delicious. Let's just tease each other and then I'll come in your room for our midnight snack." 

I took my hands off her tits and grabbed her ass and pulled her towards me and rubbed my cock against her pussy. "You're so hard," she whispered in my ear, then licked the outside of it. "Ummmmmmmm you feel so good." Then she pushed herself away and breathlessly said, "Later, lover."

"What's going to happen later?" I asked, wanting to continue teasing each other with words. 

Jenny knew what I was doing and smiled, "You'll see," she said. 

"What will I see?" I asked. 

"I'm going to sneak into your room and tease you with my naughty ways. Then you're going to eat my pussy and I'm going to suck your cock and we're going to drive each other crazy and just before you come you're going to fuck me hard." "You like to be fucked hard, don't you?" 

"Yes. That's what I want. I want you to take me. Spread my legs wide so that I'm open to you and then I want you to ram your cock into me and fuck my brains out."

My cock was hard and Jenny looked down at the tent in my pants and smiled. "I bet you want to fuck me right now, don't you?" 

"I do. You sure know how to turn me on," I said. "You're something else." 

There was a silence and then she said, "Do you know what the word fuck means?"

"What do you mean, do I know?" I asked, puzzled by her question and amazed how she shifted gears. 

"The letters are initials For Unforgivable Carnal Knowledge." 

"I never heard that one before," I said. 

"Well, that's what it stands for and it's the word "Unforgivable" that I hate. They take something so beautiful and make it seem like it's a sin. When I fuck I feel ecstasy. I feel so in touch with something so beautiful and holy. How did something so amazing and such a God-given gift become something "unforgivable? It's nuts."

"You're quite the philosopher, aren't you?" I said, impressed how she could go from slutty talk to serious, intellectual thinking. 

"Philosopher." She repeated. "Not really, It's just I feel our society's attitudes towards sex are fucked up."

It was starting to get chilly and she said, "I'm going in now. Why don't you come back in about five minutes or so and we can keep our little secret."

"Okay," I said and watched her walk up to the house.

She turned and said, "See you at midnight, lover."

------------------------------------------------- 

I had several Jack Daniels while we sat around the living room and I noticed Jenny had a couple of gin and tonics. I was feeling the effects of my drinking while I sat by the window in my room and thought Jenny seemed pretty drunk. I glanced at the clock and saw it was approaching midnight. Just then I heard a knocking on my door and went to open it.

When I open the door, I was stunned by Jenny's appearance. She was dressed in a short tight denim skirt with cowboy boots and a red tank top that barely covered her large tits. Before I could say anything, she said, "I'm so sorry to be knocking on your door so late at night but my car just broke down and I need to make a phone call for a tow truck. I saw your light on. I'm so sorry. I hope I'm not disturbing you."

I was taken back by how sexy she looked but immediately got into her little game. "Oh that's alright. Come on in. You look cold. Sure you can use my phone."

"Oh thank you. I'll only be a minute and then I'll wait in my car. I don't want to be a bother," she said as she walked past me. Her skirt was so short, it barely covered her ass. Her thighs were all that could be seen because the boots came up to her knees. "I don't know what I'll do if I can't get a tow truck out," she said. "It's awfully late." 

I pointed to the phone and could not believe how luscious her ass looked in the tight skirt. She was definitely playing the slut role as her hips swayed on her way to the desk. While she dialed, she had a worried look on her face as she listened to the dial tone. "God damn it, pick up the phone," she said as she held it to her ear. Finally she put down the phone and looked helplessly at me. "I'm stranded here. I don't know what to do. I guess I can sleep in the car and call again in the morning."  

"It would be too cold to sleep in the car," I said. "If you can't get the car started, the heater won't work."

"Can you lend me a blanket?" she asked. "I mean, I don't want to be a bother so if you lend me a blanket, I'll be fine in the car." She looked at me with pleading, shy, innocent eyes. "I'm so sorry to be bothering you. I really am. I'm just so upset that my car had to break down when I'm on my way to my father's church in Fredricksburg."

"Is your father a minister?" I asked.

"Yes, and I'm supposed to teach Sunday school in the morning. He's going to be so upset if I don't show up."

I decided to comment on how she was dressed. "You don't look like the Sunday school teacher type. I mean, you look pretty sexy."

"I do?" she said, innocently. "Do you think I'm sexy looking?" she asked and smiled at me. 

"Yes, you look very sexy." I said. 

"Do I look like a slut?" she added. 

"Well, yes, I'd say you look like a slut." "I don't usually dress like this, but I've always wanted to be a slut, but my Daddy would lock me in my room if he ever saw me dressed like this." "Why do you dress like a slut?" I asked, enjoying how Jenny was teasing me, and turning her self on.

"I like the way men like you look at me. It gets me horny," she said. "My daddy would never let me leave the house like this, but I keep my clothes at my friend's house when I want to go out and be bad."

"So were you out being bad tonight before your car broke down?" I asked. 

"I was on my way to the Woozy Moose—the bar in town but I didn't make it. I hope you don't mind my being here and interrupting your quiet night," she said, smiling and looking me in the eyes. She then licked her upper lip with her tongue, moving it slowly and seductively back and forth.

"If you let me stay here for the night, I promise I won't bother you and then I'll call the garage in the morning." 

She then walked towards me and stood close, looking up into my eyes. Her tits were almost touching my chest. I could feel the heat of her body. I looked down at her cleavage bursting from her tight tank top. My cock was rock hard in my jeans as she stood with her crotch inches away. I wanted to grab her ass and pull her into me, "I promise I'll behave myself," she said, looking into my eyes. 

"Well, yes, under the circumstances, you can stay and I'm sure you won't be a bother," I said. "I like helping a lady in distress," I added, looking into her eyes.

"That's so nice of you to give me a place to stay. Is there any thing I can do to make it up to you?" she asked. "I mean I can wash your dishes or sweep the floor, I'll do anything you ask." 

"Anything?" I repeated. Our mouths were inches away.

"Yes, anything you need," she said, looking into my eyes with the hint of a smile on her mouth. "What would you like me to do?"

And then she did something that surprised me. She grabbed my balls and then started rubbing her hand up and down my cock. "I'll even let you fuck me," she said. "Would you like to fuck me?"

I then grabbed her by the ass and pulled her hard against me. "You know I'd like to fuck you."

"I knew you would," she said in a low husky voice. "I could tell how you looked at me that you wanted to fuck me." 

"Well, isn't that why you're dressed like a slut? You want to be fucked, don't you?"

"Yes. I want to be fucked hard. I want you to take me and treat me like a slut. Fuck me. Rubbing your hard cock is making me horny."

"You're playing a dangerous game, woman," I said, rubbing my cock against her.

"Ummmmmm, I like danger," she said, standing closer. "And I know how to take care of myself," she added. 

I took one hand off her ass, moved it under her short skirt, up her smooth thigh and put my palm over her mound. She wasn't wearing panties. "I see you come ready for action," I said, fingering her wet pussy.

"That's right. I do and I like what you're doing," she moaned and started moving up and down. "Ohhhh yes, keep doing that."

She spread her legs to give me more access, looked into my eyes, bit her lower lip as she gave herself completely to my finger fucking.

I then started moving her towards the edge of the bed. She sat down and then lay back with her legs wide open. Her short skirt was scrunched up on her hips. I took her boots off and got down on my knees between her legs and started licking her pussy lips. Her legs were over my shoulders. She raised her ass up off the bed and pushed her pussy harder against my tongue and grabbed my hair. "Eat my pussy," she urged. "EAT ME!" 

I liked how aggressive she was and her dirty talk was inspiring me to be more aggressive. 

My tongue was going as deep as it could and then I sucked on her clit and that took her over the edge. She shuddered and put her hand in her mouth to keep from screaming. Trying to keep our sounds down so the others wouldn't hear us added to the intensity. But she kept pushing her cunt against my face and moaned with every thrust of my tongue. "Oh, yes, eat me. Do it, I love it. Ummmmmmmmm!"

My cock was harder then ever, but I wanted to hold off fucking her until she was out of her mind. She was pulling at my hair, trying to get me to crawl up her body, but I kept my tongue in her hot cunt. "Give me your cock," she said. "Get up here and fuck me."

She wiggled up the bed, grabbinhg my hair and pulling me forward. I got on my knees between her wide open legs, placed my cock at her entrance. I looked down at her pleading eyes looking up at me and said, "You really want this, don't you?"

"Yes. Oh, yes. Now fuck me, please fuck me, don't tease me. Give it to me hard. Come on, you god damn bastard, fuck me, now."

She lifted her ass off the bed, wrapped her legs around me and pulled me deep into her cunt. "Fuck me, hard. Give it to me, Do me, baby, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." 

I rammed my cock into her as hard and as deep as I could. I pulled out and rammed into her again and again, pounding her pussy. Her cunt was so tight and wet, but her lifting herself up to my thrusts made me fuck her harder and harder. 

"Ohhhhhmy god, I'm cumming. Fuck me, Fuck me. Ohhhh I love it. Keep fucking me, harder. harder. Ohhhhhhh yes, here I come. I'm there----Ohhhhhhhhhhhyes." 

We were fucking like wild animals. I've never fucked so hard and could feel I was on the edge of exploding in her. I felt my balls tighten as they banged against her ass and the my cock swelled. "Here it comes," I said. "I'm cumming."

"Give it to me, baby, Cum in me! Fuck me. Fuck me!"

I thrust into her as hard as I could, feeling her tight cunt milking the sperm out of me. "I'm cummmmmmmming!" I said, as spurt after spurt filled her wet cunt. "Ohhhhhhhh God. I'm cummmming." I shuddered as my orgasm rose through me and then I collapsed on her. 

"Wow, That was amazing." I gasped. After a few minutes of lying on top of her, I rolled off and lay beside her, gasping for air, both of us unable to move. 

"You sure know how to fuck your slut," she whispered in my ear.

"You sure know how to take it," I said, trying to catch my breath. "You're a great fuck."

"I'm lucky my car broke down in front of your house."

"It can stay broken for I could care. I think I could find lots for you to do around here." I said. 

"I bet you could," she said. "You'd like me to be your little maid, wouldn't you? You'd like me to dress in one of those little maid uniforms and then you'd come up behind me when I'm bent over and dusting and rub your cock against my ass. Right." She was on her elbow looking down at me with a sly smile. 

"I think you'd like that as much as I would," I said. "You have a sexy imagination." 

She went on. "You'd like to fuck your poor, innocent little maid, wouldn't you?" she said. She reached down and took my cock in her hand and said, "I bet you would just love to fuck me from behind," she continued, rubbing my cock. She then got up on her knees, turned around and straddled my body and started licking my cock. Her ass and cunt were just above my mouth. She was getting me aroused again. I couldn't believe I was getting hard again as she licked my cock. 

She then lifted her head up, turned to me and smiled, "You'd want your maid to give you a blow job, wouldn't you? 

I grabbed her firm round ass, kneading it and then started licking her cunt. 

My cock was getting hard again. Jenny's mouth was a miracle and the hungry slurping sounds she made were getting me so hot. I was lapping up her juicy cunt like a cat drinking milk. 

After a few minutes, she got up on her knees, wiggling her ass at me. "Come on, sir, my little maid pussy wants to be fucked,"

I got up on my knees behind her and looked down at her. She spread her legs, revealing her wet cunt. She turned and looked up at me, "Please, sir, I know I've been a naughty maid and deserve to be punished." 

I was amazed at Jenny's imagination and how she could create these little role-playing scenes. 

"Yes, you have been naughty strutting around in your tight little maid's outfit and bending over, pretending to be so sweet and innocent when all the time you're trying to seduce me."

"Oh yes, sir, I've been so naughty. You're right. I've been teasing you. I just love how you look at me when I'm cleaning your bedroom. I'm so sorry, sir."

I was moving my cock slowly up and down her pussy lips. She was wiggling against the tip and looking up at me. "Ohhh my" she said. "that feels soooooo good."

"Well, now, my naughty little maid. What should I do to you?"

"Oh, sir, I like what you're doing. I want you to fuck me! Please."

"So my bad little maid wants me to fuck her, does she?" I asked. 

"Oh, please, I need it bad. I need you to fuck me. I'm sorry I was so naughty and got you so horny." 

Jenny's cunt was dripping and my cock was getting harder and harder with the teasing. I pushed my cock into her cunt and pulled out. 

"Ohhhhhmy Don't stop! Don't tease me, sir, please fuck me hard. Give it to me hard, Ohhhhh! You're driving me crazy."

I did it again, just putting my cock on the edge of her pussy, then thrust all the way in with a grunt and then pulled out.

"Nooooo, don't do that," She gasped and whimpered. "I need you in me. Fuck me, Oh sir, please don't tease me. Fuck me hard"

"Ride my cock," I said and pulled her down on me, keeping my cock at her entrance. She was straddling me and facing away. I bent my knees so she could lean forward against my legs while she rode my cock. I grabbed her big tits as she came down hard and my cock went all the way in her cunt. 

"Ohhhhhhhhyes," she gasped as she rose up and came down hard and started riding me faster like she was on a runaway stallion. She was bent forward and her ass was rising and falling as my cock thrust into her with each gallop. She was wild with lust and so was I as she went up and down, leaning forward and coming down harder and harder on my cock. She turned her head, looking back at me, our eyes locked on each other, her mouth wide open as she gasped, "Ohhhh yes, Ohhhh yes, fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck your bad little maid." 

She was leaning forward on my legs and reached down and grabbed my balls as my cock went deeper and deeper. Her body was bent forward, her head was down as if she rode my cock, her hands grasping my balls, driving me crazy with her touch. I was about to explode as she rose up and down and said, "Here it comes. I'm cumming. Ohhhhhh here it comes. Ohhhhhh fuck me Harder! Harder!"

My cock was being milked by her tight wet cunt and I felt my sperm rising as my cock swelled with that thrilling sensation rolling through me in a huge wave as I exploded and spurt after spurt came up. "I'm cummmmmming" I shouted and she said "Give it to me,.Ohhhhhhhhyes. Fuck me. I'm there, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhfuck. Ohhhhhhhhhhyessssssss" 

I thrust up as she came down from her orgasm and then collapsed between my legs, my cock still in her as we both just lay there, gasping for air. 

She was lying between my legs, still straddling me, her luscious round ass exposed as she lay there panting. We didn't move for several minutes. 
