 Oh, I’m so tired, what a trip home”. 

These were not the kind of words I wanted to hear as she walked into the house. 

“There was stop and go traffic through the construction area, then some asshole cut me off and gave me the finger. What’s for dinner babe”? 

I decided to try and help the situation out. 

“Look, get into the whirlpool, have a glass of wine and relax. You’ve earned it. I’m making chicken and walnuts” 

She agreed to my plan, went upstairs and I heard the bedroom door close. I had been hoping for a quiet romantic evening, not one that was fucked up by the outside world before she even got home. 

I hate when that happens. I can create a relaxing sensuous environment, but you’ve got to be open to it. The bottom line is, we hadn’t made love in weeks and I was getting weird about it. I thought about her during the day, I had an erection five times today just from thinking about her. She is still so hot to look at. I agree, my imagination can get carried away, but I’m nuts about her. She likes sex sometimes, but can also live without it. I can’t.

I put the chicken in the oven, and the water for the pasta on low. I filled a glass with her favorite white Zin, and headed for the bathroom. I heard the whirlpool and knocked on the door.

” Room service” I called out.

“Entre’ ” she said, and I entered. The room was warm and steamy from the bath. All the jets were on full blast and she was lying back on the inflatable pillow. She extended a wet hand for the wine, smiled and took a sip.

“ Mmmm thanks babe” she said and laid back into the pillow, water jetting and bubbling all around her. Her breasts were submerged, but her nipples poked above the water. Her eyes were closed as she lay back and enjoyed the pulsing of the jets. I felt the familiar swelling in my penis, for the sixth time today, and turned to tend to my chicken and pasta.. “Thanks” she called after me.

“You’re welcome ma’am” I said and left her there to soak the day away. 

Later on, as I was clearing the dishes she said again, “that was good babe, thanks”.

“I’m glad you liked it” I said “I know you had a long day, but I hope you feel better now”. 

“I do, but I want to get to sleep early. I’m sorry babe; I know you had other plans but I’m just so tired. I wouldn’t be any fun”

I figured that the hot bath, the wine and food might all work against my self-interest, but she deserved it and I was glad to be a part of her recovery. She went upstairs and after turning the dishwasher on, I followed. I had been fantasizing all day, I needed relief, but it looked like it wasn’t going to be with her. I put on pajama shorts, slid into bed next to her and turned out the light. She smelled fresh from her bath; her skin was soft and smooth as I touched her arm.

“Good night” she said without turning to me and was quickly asleep.

I lay there for a long time before deciding that I couldn’t wait another day or week, or however long until she felt like it again. Her breathing was that of a deep sleep, and her warmth and her scent were arousing me to hardness again. I knew that I had to ejaculate soon or go insane. 

I slipped my hand down to the bulge in my shorts. My penis began to thicken and rise. I stroked my chest lightly, as I knew she would do if she were awake, lightly scraping my nipples to hardness. I opened the snap fly in my jammies and my penis sprung out, It throbbed in the cool air and stretched to it’s full length., the hot tip resting on my navel. Now I wanted to cum. I used both hands to stroke my nipples with closed eyes, my mind imagining her beasts swaying above me as her tongue licked my nipples. 

My hand stroked my cock slowly from the tip to my ball sack. I shave my balls, and the trunk of my penis. I keep my pubes trimmed short. The overall effect is that my cock looks bigger and thicker than it really is. My right hand stroked my hardness while my left hand cradled my balls. After a few seconds I went back to my nipples with my fingertips. My cock jerked as I did so.

I was into my jerk now and didn’t want to stop. I felt her weight shift on the bed and froze. I didn’t know how I would explain why my erection was in my hand and my jammies around my ankles. 

As she quieted, and her sleep sounds resumed, I continued my stroking. Up the underside lightly, around the tip, down the upperside. Stroke each nipple lightly with my nails. And back again, lightly, gently. Precum began to drip and I spread it on my cock head. Now I was getting into it, my penis got hotter to my touch. My eyes shut tight, I began to stroke, remembering that there was a box of tissues on my night table. As I stroked, all of a sudden I felt fingernails stroking my nipples. I opened my eyes, and she was there kneeling next to me. I don’t know how long she was there quietly watching.

“Keep going babe, you look like you are so into it, I want to watch you, and I want to see you cum” 

My heart began to pound. I froze there.

“I know it’s been a while I want to help, what would you like me to do”? she whispered.

“Just watch me; watch me jerk my cock. I am imagining your mouth on me, and my mouth on your cunt.” 

She looked into my eyes and in a swift movement, she pulled her nightgown over her head. Her breasts swung free, her nipples hard as rocks. She reached down and stroked my nipples with her fingernails, then bent to suck on the right one. Her hand slid down my stomach to where my hand was wrapped around the base of my cock. 

She slid her hand up my penis to the tip, and spread my precum around the sensitive tip. She then took her finger and put it to my lips. I looked into her loving eyes, and licked my own pre cum from her finger. 

As I began to stroke, she guided my right hand to her open cunt. “Finger fuck me as you stroke your beautiful cock.”then she gasped “Show me baby, show me how you jerk yourself off”

I felt how wet she was, and she pressed my fingers into her. I inserted three fingers and began to finger fuck her as I stroked my cock with my left hand. Her breasts were swinging with each thrust of my fingers. She began to grunt with each pumping of my hand and began to say “pump your cock baby, jerk it off for me, let me see you shoot your cum, shoot your cum baby, shoot it on my face.”

Now my cock was throbbing and I could feel my asshole tighten. Her tongue began to lick my balls as I put yet a fourth finger into her cunt. She was licking my balls as I was stroking my cock shaft. My cum was building to squirt.

“ I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna cum.. uhh.. uhh” and I shot my cum straight up as she sat back on my fingers. She reached her hand over mine and continued pumping my cock with me. The next moment she swung her leg over my head and placed her open cunt on my mouth. I sucked greedily at her pussy stabbing the fullness of my tongue into her hot slick hole. 

She lay down on me and as she ground her cunt into my mouth. She then took my still pulsing cock into her mouth and down her throat. She sucked me clean while I tongued her cunt and licked up to her asshole. I spread her ass cheeks and licked her puckered pink opening. She moaned and pushed back into me.

“Fuck me with your tongue baby make me cum in your mouth, make me squirt, eat my sweet cum” 

I did as instructed. I made my tongue stiff like a penis and stabbed in her pussy. She began to convulse and clamp down on me as her wetness soaked my face. After several moments, she rolled off me and we continued gasping for breath after what was our hottest lovemaking session in a very long time. Sometimes she will say to me, “If you let me watch you stroke your hard cock tonight, maybe we’ll spend the night fucking” and of course, I do..and we do.