 "Now let me think...which way is the hotel again?"

I ducked away from the play slap I was sure was coming only to get surprised enough to almost let out a most unmanly squeal as you goosed me instead.

Giggling like a naughty minx, you scooted away from me holding your hands out backing away as I stalked you, when I sprinted at you, you bolted, but not soon enough (or perhaps that was your plan all along). I caught up to you within 20 feet just as you leapt off the sidewalk and onto the grass of the small park. I misjudged my footing and next thing I know, we are falling and I can only think "aw shit, headlines read 'man jailed for crushing woman in front of shocked witnesses!'" before reaction takes over and in the split seconds before we hit, I manage to pull you to me and roll us so that I landed first and then you on top of me, the breath coming out of us both. 

I was grateful that the ground was softish from the recent rains or I might have been seeing stars. "You ok Morgan? Morgan..Morgan?"

When your shoulders began shaking, I feared that I had hurt you...only when you lifted your face off my chest and grinned at me like the Cheshire Cat did I realize to both my relief and eternal chagrin that not only were you ok, but you were giddy and fully enjoying this moment.

"Oh James, the look on your face is priceless and such a good listener you are...remembering that I liked being on top." As if to emphasize your last statement, your hand slid between us and rubbed my crotch, not stopping until you felt my cock begin to harden in response.

"You keep that up and I will roll you over and take you right here...or maybe I will put you over my knee and spank you first."

"I don't want to be spanked, I want to be well and thoroughly fucked and soon." With that last spoken, you moved your hands to the sides of my head and lowered yourself until our lips met. All else faded except the feel of your breasts pressing into me, your scent filling me with every breath, the sound of your breathing and barely audible moans, the slightly salty taste of your lips and the sight you on top of me, kissing me. 

My hands moved to your back and kept moving higher, reached your neck and higher still, finding your hairline and moving higher still to your scalp. I intertwined my fingers in your hair, part massage and part control, tilting your head and deepening our kiss. My arousal grew as your mouth opened to mine and our tongues danced an ancient dance. 

Your hand had not moved from between us and I could feel your fingers exploring the outline of my cock as it lengthened and snaked down my left thigh. I'd love to say that I barely noticed our surroundings, but the moisture of the ground was making its way through the parts of my clothing pressed most firmly to the ground. Anyone knows that having a cold wet ass and shoulders is the opposite of a sensual moment. Using the leverage I have, I pull you away, breaking our kiss.

"Hey, it was just getting good!"

"I agree GG but my ass is getting cold and wet from the ground and I rather get us somewhere more comfortable."

"Oh geez...I didn't even think about that." And quick as that you were up and off me...even reaching down to help me up. As I stood, you stepped in close, slid your hand down between us and took hold of my still erect cock through my pants leg. 

"Now let's go take care of this shall we...I have a couple special places in mind for it." You then kissed me quick and pulled me toward the sidewalk. The walk was less than 3 blocks which was fortunate because I don't know that we would have made it 4...grabbing and kissing and fondling and tickling and generally goofing off but with a strong undercurrent of desire...ok a class 5 rapid current of desire.

As we turned into the driveway of the hotel, my heart sped up again and I felt a flash of nerves...the moment was almost here. 3 months of celibacy and 10 years of a few times a year was coming to an end...would my sexual experience (vast and varied but now a decade old) carry me through? Would my desire for you (as strong as I had ever felt in person with anyone) reawaken what had become almost dormant within me? Would I be good enough?

"James...earth to James?" Your words penetrated my momentary fog. 

"Sorry, I zoned out there for a minute." 

"I'll say...where did you go?"

"Oh...nothing..."

"Hey, don't do that. If you can't tell your lover, who can you tell?"

And with that full grin brightening your face and my mood, I found myself smiling back despite the thoughts in my head.

"You're right...I guess you could say I am having a momentary lapse of confidence...more like concerns, fears or insecurities...but no doubts about you, no questions about you. I mentioned it had been a long time...and it has. I've had sex once in the last 3 months, 3 times in the last 18 months and maybe 15 times in the last 10 years...I was just in my head about being rusty and worrying about age taking its toll. Believe me, I want you, I desire you. I haven't felt this alive and had this much fun in a long time."

"You know what will fix this?"

"What?"

"Taking me upstairs to your room. It's going to be amazing...you know why?"

"Why?"

"Because I find you incredibly sexy and masculine and you've given me a wonderful evening and I feel that electric connection with you. I am so damned turned on right now that all you will need to do is kiss my neck, play with my nipples with one hand and my clit with the other and BOOM 💥 I will go. Imagine what's gonna happen when you actually use your tongue and fingers and that wonderfully sized cock that I'm eager to see and taste and feel unleashed. Now can you really say that you have enough doubt to give you pause?"

And like that you vanquished the miasma of my doubts and fears. Realizing that we had stopped, I put my hands on either side of your face and leaned down, kissing you tenderly before breaking the kiss and pulling you into a hug. "Thank you...now let's get upstairs. I hear there is this really hot chick who wants me and supposedly cums really easily and gives amazing blow jobs and likes it a little rough sometimes, you know the kind of fuck that has her bent over, fucking her deep while slapping her ass and pulling her back to me by her hair. How's that sound to you?"

"Check please..."

I cracked up as you got me with the running joke from earlier, but feeling the desire return in full, I moved to walk us through the doors to the hotel. I held your hand as we made our way to the elevators. As the elevator doors closed, you told me to turn around...uncertain what you were about, I obliged. 

"Now close your eyes and no peeking." Again obliging, I could feel the elevator start to move and had no idea what you were up to...until the unmistakable and strong scent of your arousal filled my sense of smell. My brain couldn't process how you could get your pussy so close to my nose...it wasn't until you said "ok, you can open your eyes" and I saw you holding your panties less than an inch from my nose that my brain put 2 and 2 together. 

I turned to you, pressed you to the elevator wall and reached down between your legs, my hand going underneath your skirt and straight to your now bare and very wet cunt. Running a finger between your lips to gather wetness before moving upward to tease your clit "oh god...yes James!" *ding floor 6* "noooo!!" and I pulled back, bringing my wet finger to my own mouth and tasting you before pulling you with me through the now open elevator doors.

Although only about 250 feet, the walk to my room from the lift seemed miles long. Finally, standing in front of my room, as I disengaged my hand from yours to get out my key card, your hand found something else to do. I felt my belt being undone, my pants unbuttoned, and my zipper being slid down and then your hand was slipping under the band of my boxers. "Ooooohh, you keep trimmed below." Then the coolness of your fingers found my heavy, but not fully hard, cock and wrapped around the shaft, tugging me to hardness in two maybe three slow deliberate strokes.

I slid the key card in and opened the door. We were inside in a flash...all pretense was gone, the buildup of hours of in-person chemistry and teasing along with weeks of emails connecting us, driving our sexual need for one another to a fevered pitch. As soon as the door closed behind you, I took your hands in mine and lifted them up and pressed them to the door, bringing them together until I could hold them with one hand. I looked into your blue-green eyes, noticing the exotic but subtle brown corona around the inner most portion of your iris, barely perceptible with your pupils so dilated from arousal and the slightly darkened room. 

I leaned down and kissed you, our mouths opened to one another's instantly and your moan was immediate as you felt my free hand on your breasts. Patience gone, I found the buttons of your top and began undoing them as our tongues danced. Your moans increased when I took your lower lip between my teeth and gently tugged as the last button was undone, giving me access to a new larger area of bare flesh...an oh so sexy area of bare flesh. 

"Keep your arms where they are." With that, I slipped both hands behind your back and despite a little fumbling, found and unclasped your bra, pulling your arms down just long enough to remove your shirt and bra, you now stood before me topless...and I was awestruck...large gravity-defying perky breasts, darker nipples, firm slim body...such smooth skin. 

I spun you quickly to face away from me and put your hands back up above your head and against the door, then leaned in and began kissing your neck while my hands found your breasts. I could feel you roll your hips to press your ass back and against my hardness, your moans a mix of excitement and frustration at the pace and an unmet and growing need to be fucked. My lips explored your neck as my fingers teased and pulled and stroked your very erect nipples. "Oh fuck James, don't tease me...I'm already dripping...please!"

"Remember what I said near the alleyway and again in the restaurant? I am going to fuck you...thoroughly enough that we both may be sore tomorrow, but not until I have explored your body and drawn out a climax or two from you." To emphasize the last point, I undid your skirt and let it fall to the floor, your fully naked form now before me. 

"Don't move an inch." I stepped back and removed my own clothes except for my boxers, leaving them on because I knew without them I would be unable to resist fucking you as soon as I felt your hot wet cunt against my hard cock and because I knew my boxers would absorb your wetness and your scent (a little side kink I had discovered about myself years ago while receiving a private lap dance in various stages of undress). 

I pressed against you again, both of us moaning at the feel of a much larger skin to skin contact...both of us flushed to the hilt and riding a major sexual high. I returned to kissing your neck and ears, but my free hand moved lower, going between your legs and noting that your thighs were indeed wet from your arousal dripping down. When my hand finally made contact with the lips of your pussy, you bucked your hips back and groaned as you tilted your head down, looking to see my hand between your legs. This exposed your neck even more and I kissed every inch. 

Sensing I could, I slid my other hand down to join the first. My left hand stayed high and found your clitoral hood and with two fingers trapping your clit between them, began circular motions while I penetrated you with a finger from my right hand. Your moans jumped in volume and need as your body gave in to the sensations, your mind overloaded with pleasure, amplified by the long buildup. 

Sensing you were already close, I paused my kissing to whisper in your ear "now be a good girl GG and cum for me so you can feel my tongue and then my cock between your legs." With that I shifted slightly and began stroking your clit with greater pressure and speed and added a 2nd finger to the one already inside you. Your ass pressed back against me, the length of my hard cock now nestled between the cheeks of your ass. The effect on you was almost immediate...your moans escaped as a staccato of pleasure as your breath caught and your climax began. "Oh fuck yes, oh god it feels so good, yes James, yes...I'm gonna cummm for you."

I could feel your body clenching, clenching then the release as waves washed over you. "Please...cumming...oh god please yes just like that...cumming so good...oh fuck me James, please!"

Not wanting to spend you completely, I quickly eased back, softening my penetration and moving to stroke around your clit but not directly on it. Sensing you were eased down from your climax, I lowered your arms, turned you around and embraced you, wrapping you in my arms and feeling very satisfied and warm all over despite the almost total absence of clothing.

"Oh my fucking god James, that was soooo good...thank you. I needed that, but now it's your turn baby, I want to show you how good I can make you feel with my mouth. I want to feel your cock explode so I can taste you. I want to see the cock that I've been fantasizing about for the last few weeks and that I've felt today."

"I would love that too, but it's been a very long time for me and I told you how easy it is for me to cum from oral from a skilled woman and I will need a little refra..." Your fingers on my lips shushed me midsentence. 

"Hey, it's me...your paramour, we have all night ahead of us and I've already cum once. I knew when you mentioned both of those things that you wouldn't last long, and listen to me...I. DON'T. CARE! I want you to cum. That's half the point of a blowjob."

"Half?"

"Yes silly man...half...the other half is to enjoy it myself. I told you that I was the rare woman who loves sucking a lover's dick and the thought of sucking your dick, deepthroating you and swallowing your cum is making my pussy gush."

"You mean swallowing the cum of your lover, a stranger before tonight, a man you wouldn't have been able to identify a month ago."

"Mmmm yes...swallowing my new lover's cum...the thought of that is enough to get and keep my motor revved. So, if you cum quickly or slowly, it won't matter to me as long as you enjoy yourself."

With that, you took one of my hands and led me to the bed...patting the edge of the mattress to indicate where you wanted me. Once I was seated, you took my head in your hands, stared into my green eyes and told me "I am going to make you remember me. After this, you will know just how much your paramour enjoys pleasing you with my tongue, lips, mouth and throat." 

You then kissed me with a passion that stole my breath away, your tongue pushed into my mouth and somehow seemingly curled around my tongue as if to show me a preview of your skills. I didn't even try to pretend otherwise as I let out a half moan, half growl. 

Breaking the kiss, you knelt and leaned your head down, wasting no time in kissing the outline of my cock, making the shaft jump and throb. As my cock grew, you maneuvered it to point upward and giggled playfully as the head peaked out pushing past my boxer's waistband. A moan escaped my lips when I felt your mouth encircle the exposed portion of my cock, your tongue flicking and caressing me until even more of my cock escaped the confines. 

Taking mercy on my poor trapped cock, you grabbed the waistband and tugged down, your mouth never leaving my cock, and taking significantly more of my length when I lifted my hips to raise my ass enough to allow you to fully remove my boxers...your moan of enjoyment vibrating up and down the shaft and drawing a response moan from me. 

Now with my cock and balls fully exposed, you wrapped a hand at the base of my shaft and stroked lightly, pulling off for a moment. "What a wonderful cock. You didn't lie James...it is a beautiful specimen. Large enough for me for sure but not so big as to intimidate or worry me. I am going to have fun with this dick...wasn't it Dr. Seuss with 'oh the places you'll go'? I think that is fitting for your cock." 

I couldn't help myself, I laughed...not a small giggle but a full-throated laugh. In that instant, I knew we would enjoy one another fully...sex of course, but more...why? Because you had hit that special combination for me...you turned me on physically, you were quick-witted and playful, you appreciated a good laugh even in the most intimate physical moment imaginable.

You had really listened to me and made the effort to please me. After hearing my comment about how I enjoyed laughter even in intimate moments in one passing reference in a single mail weeks earlier, you had found way to do it in our very first time together. I surprised you by leaning down, pulling your head up to face me and kissing you thoroughly before separating and saying simply "thank you my beautiful paramour."

You smiled, licked your lips and winked at me before turning back toward my cock. What you did next made me forget about laughing. You held my cock in one hand, with the other hand you gathered your hair from your neck and bunched it in the back, telling me "you just hold it out of the way until the right moment...then I'm sure you'll know what to do...just remember one of the things you wanted to try." 

Feeling my hand secure your hair, you used your newly freed hand to caress and stroke my balls, heavy and full and hanging well below my cock. You then wrapped your lips around my cockhead and ever so slowly descended, your tongue never still as it curled and flicked and poked and caressed each inch of my shaft. 

You paused as the tip reached the back of your mouth, drawing a breath, I could feel you shift slightly and then I felt pressure as you continued to take more of my cock in your mouth...my cock now pressing against the back of your throat. Shifting again slightly, the pressure on my cock increased...almost to the point of discomfort and then in an instant the pressure was gone, replaced by an incredible warmth and snugness I had never felt before as you deepthroated me, taking my full nearly 8" cock into your mouth and throat..."oh fuck Morgan...oh yes I can't believe you're deepthroating me"...your moans sent vibrations up and down the length of my cock and made my balls pull up tight against my body. 

"Wow...oh god...if you keep that up I'm going to cum quickly."

Your hand encircled my balls and tugged them down and away from my body, not enough to hurt but firmly. You pulled back, my cock slipping out of your mouth and bobbing in front of you. "I want you to cum James, I want to taste you, now that we know I can deepthroat you, I want you to fuck my mouth and throat."

"Morgan, I've never fucked someone like that before what if I hurt.." 

Again silencing me mid-sentence, "Trust me James, I will let you know, I trust you to be able to read me and my reactions. Now if you'll excuse me, I am thirsty and I have a hard cock to service."

Knowing it was "the time", I stood, forcing you to kneel up a little, tightened my grip on your hair at the back of your head and as soon as your lips opened and wrapped around my cock, I applied pressure, pushing your head until I felt my cock at your throat again. Hearing your moan of approval and consent, I pressed again, forcing my cock down your throat.

"Oh fuck yes Morgan, take all of my cock...god you're amazing...look at me." 

Seeing you look up at me with your mouth and throat full of my cock and seeing pure lust, pure desire, I began using my hand to move you back and forth on my cock and my hips to gain every last millimeter of depth in your throat. I pulled you all the way off to catch a breath and I tilted your head up to meet my gaze.
