 Lucas has been suffering from insomnia for over a month. It had all started four weeks before, when he watched episode after episode of True Blood on his laptop. Before he knew it, the sun was rising and he had go to work at 8:00. No point in sleeping that night. The next week, a similar thing happened, on three different nights. However, he did get plenty of sleep during the day while he wasn't working at Taco Bell. The lack of sunshine and social interaction outside of his hellish job, made Lucas depressed. As the next three weeks passed, his depression strengthened his insomnia. Pretty soon, he quit his job and only got four hours of sleep a day, if that, in the early evening. All of Lucas' free time was spent watching old cartoons online, aimlessly browsing social network sites, and most of all, watching porn.

Hours upon hours were spent on porn. All sorts of porn too, mature porn, amateur porn, lesbian porn, anime porn, pregnant porn, interracial porn, and BDSM porn. He even watched gay porn once, just to see if he liked it. He didn't. He jacked off so much that he didn't have any clean socks after awhile, and had to shoot his load into his boxers, or even his sheets. He jacked off so much that his penis was sore, but he kept jacking off anyway. He jacked off so much that he was developing carpel tunnel. Porn was the only way he could truly get his mind off how pathetic his life was. Of course, he when he wasn't watching porn and jacking off, his habit (it was really becoming an addiction) made him feel even worse. A couple of times, when he felt the need to jack off, but wasn't quite ready to, he would resort to pigging out on what ever junk food he had lying around. This seemed to work if he ate enough. However there was only so much food in his apartment.

Due to the binges, Lucas ran out of food before too long. After a day of nearly starving to death, Lucas was confronted with a choice: go hungry, until he absolutely had to eat, or suck it up and walk a few blocks to the nearest 7-11. His stomach growled, motivating him to go with the latter. He jumped into the shower after accidentally smelling his dirty hand, and put on some fresh clothes (he had been wearing the same tee shirt and shorts, so he surprisingly had a clean outfit to wear.) He grabbed the flannel that was sitting near his door, and ventured out into the night. 

The clock on Lucas' wall read five minutes until midnight. His apartment was, without a doubt, low income. He mostly relied on his parents to pay rent (he had used his paycheck to buy groceries.) Despite it's small monthly payment, it was fairly nice. There was air conditioning in the summer and heating in the winter. The structure was stable and there were no infestations to speak of. Of course, since Lucas was a disorganized young man, his particular basement studio apartment was filthy. He hadn't done his dishes, or cleaned his bathroom since long before the funk he was in. Garbage (some of it rotten) littered his floor, along with some unwashed clothes and nameless wires leading towards his entertainment unit. These were not exactly ideal living conditions.

Lucas ascended the stairs to his "front yard", a space that was seldom used. A nearly full moon was supposed to be out that night, but the sky was overcast and gray. Rows of spruce trees lined Lucas' deserted street, blocking much of the yellow light made by the street lamps. A thin fog was rolling in from the lake. Lucas noted that his familiar neighborhood had gathered an air of mystery, at least for that night. He felt almost as if he was roaming the streets of some Victorian village in a Gothic romance instead of going to 7-11 on a seemingly unremarkable night. 

After walking a block up his street, he turned left onto Main. This section of town was sparse compared to the down town area. The defining feature of the area between Lucas and the 7-11 was a massive car dealership. Also, between him and his destination was a variety of fast food restaurants, including the Taco Bell he had been working at. If Lucas had a car, he would've taken advantage of the late-night drive thru. He could of really gone for a few of their cheap burritos. He didn't have a car however, and would have to settle on some even cheaper gas station grill food. This didn't bother him though, he was hungry enough that any food would suffice. Along the way, he passed some brazen women hanging outside of the Wendy's. Lucas was fairly certain they were hookers. They didn't offer their services to him, most likely because he didn't look wealthy enough to afford them. Not that he would have taken that offer if he did, all of the ladies looked either older than 30, or strung out on some sort of hard drug, like meth or heroin. Lucas decided he would rather watch porn. Before too long, Lucas was crossing the 7-11's parking lot. Three cars were parked in front of the store, plus another at the gas pumps. 

A cute redhead was leaning against the wall, smoking a cigarette. Lucas gave her a polite nod, and entered the store. A short Hispanic lady was the clerk. She looked tired, but not too unhappy. A burly man with a mullet and a black, racing sweatshirt was purchasing a twenty-four pack of Bud-Lite. Two cops were standing near the exit, chatting and drinking coffee. A balding man entered after Lucas, and started browsing the magazines. Lucas marched straight to the back freezers, and grabbed a liter of Coca Cola. On his way to the check out, he grabbed a Butter Finger and a bag of Doritos. 

"Hello." said the clerk, "How are you doing tonight?"

"Good. How are you?" said Lucas. 

"Another night in paradise." said the clerk as she scanned the items. 

Lucas asked, "Could I also get a large hot dog?"

"Sure thing." said the clerk, "That'll be $6.27." 

The clerk turned to the grill to grab the hot dog. Lucas reached into his pants pocket to grab his wallet. It wasn't there. He checked all of his other pockets, all more than once. He had forgot his wallet at home. 

"Hey." he said to the clerk, "I'm sorry, but I forgot my wallet. I'll go put the food back." 

Someone behind Lucas said, "Don't worry about it, I've got it covered. 

Lucas looked behind him and saw the cute redhead from outside. Before, he hadn't got a very good look at her, and he wished he had. Every second he could get away with looking at her was precious. Her skin had barely more color than marble, which contrasted perfectly with her illustrious red hair that fell to the small of her back. She wore a sleeveless black blouse, and tight blue jeans that clung to her hour glass figure, After marveling her body for a couple seconds, his gaze was drawn to her eyes. They were of a deep, steely blue color. She was absolutely gorgeous.

Lucas tried to say something, as the woman pulled a wad of cash out of her bra, but he couldn't. The now grumpy clerk took the money and shoved Lucas' groceries, including the hot dog into a plastic sack. She thrust it at Lucas, who took it with out realizing it. He was dazed but the sudden appearance of the beautiful, generous girl. 

She clutched Lucas' hand and said, "Now, I want you to come with me." 

Lucas nodded slowly. The girl led him out of the store into the parking lot, towards a black Mercedes Benz. She opened the drivers side door and motioned for Lucas to get in on the other side. Once inside, he came to his senses. 

"Thanks for helping me out back there." Lucas said.

The girl turned to him and smiled, flashing the whitest teeth Lucas had ever seen, "Don't mention it. What's your name, hun?"

"It's Lucas. What's your's?"

She said, "Emily Blain. Blain is Scottish in case you were wondering."

Lucas chuckled, "My last name is Clark. I think it's English."

"Yes it is." said Emily, still grinning.

"So," said Lucas, "Why am I in your car?"

"What? Do you not want to be here?" asked Emily, pretending to pout.

Lucas said, "No, I want to be here. It's just a little... strange."

Emily said, "I don't know, Lucas. You're just cute and I wanted to talk to you."

"Is that why you bought my stuff." Lucas said.

"Yeah." she said "And you look pretty hungry. You can eat here. I don't mind."

"I haven't eaten in a day." said Lucas, before taking a bite from his hot dog. 

Emily watched Lucas eat for a moment. He couldn't believe that such an attractive girl had taken interest in him. Sure, he wasn't bad looking on a normal day. This wasn't a normal day though. Lucas hadn't combed his hair or shaved since he quit his job. As a result, his thick brown hair was sticking out in every direction and a sparse beard covered his face. At least he took a shower before leaving his apartment. 

"Mind if I play some music?" Emily asked.

"Not at all." Lucas said, his mouth full of hot dog and Doritos. 

"Any preferences?" she asked, reaching for her I-Pod. 

Lucas said, "Well, let's see what you have." 

He went to wipe his cheesy hands on his jeans, but stopped himself. That would be gross. He couldn't look at her I-Pod with dirty hands though. He frantically searched car for something he could clean his fingers on. Emily noticed his plight and grabbed one of his hands. She cupped all but one finger into her hand, and with he thumb she held the free one up. Lucas watched his hand move towards Emily's lush, red lips, and ultimately enter her soft mouth. He felt an uncomfortable bulge grow in his pants, as one by one, the exotic red head cleaned each of his fingers. Was this really happening to him?

"There." she said when she finished, "Now you can look at my music collection without gumming up my player."

Lucas grabbed her I-Pod and went to "Artists." He was pleasantly surprised to find that it was nearly identical to his music library. All of his favorite bands were there: Echo and the Bunnymen, the Cure, Joy Division, Bauhaus, David Bowie, the Velvet Underground, Iggy Pop, along with many others. He found Joy Division's Unknown Pleasures, pressed play, and plugged in her I-Pod. Emily started the car so the music would play.

"I fucking love Joy Division!" said Lucas.

"They are my all time favorite band." Emily said. "Do you want to go for a drive?" 

"Sure. Where to?" asked Lucas.

"I don't know! I'm new here. Where's a good place to go?" asked Emily.

Lucas said, "We could always go to the park, and maybe go for a walk. That is if you don't mind doing something illegal."

"Oh what's that?" Emily asked, putting the car in gear, and pulling out of the parking lot.

"The parks just close at like 11 at night." said Lucas.

Emily said, "I only obey the law when it suits me. What about you are you a goody-two-shoes?"

"Hell no." said Lucas, "I wouldn't say I'm a bad boy either."

"Ah. Right in the middle, then?" said Emily, "That's just how I like them." 

"That's good to know. Like really. So to get to the park, keep going North on Main. I'll tell you to turn right a block before you have to." said Lucas.

"Sounds like a plan." said Emily.

Lucas then asked, "So you said you're new here? Where'd you come from originally?" 

"Originally? Scotland, but that was a long time ago." said Emily, "I've lived in the United States most of my life."

"Where about in the United States?" asked Lucas.

Emily said, "Well, I move around a lot. I've lived all over the country, but I'm coming here from Las Vegas."

"What brings you here then?

"I just needed a change of scenery. You know?" said Emily.  

Lucas said, "Yeah I do. I've lived here all my life, and I could really use a change of scenery."

"Hey, maybe next time I move you could come with me!" said Emily, "I was thinking about going to Seattle next." 

"You'd really let me come along?" asked Lucas "But we just meant tonight!"

"True. But I plan on staying here for at least a few months. We'll have plenty of time to get to know each other before then." explained Emily, "Besides, I think we have a spark. Can't you feel it?"

"I can actually." Lucas said, smiling at Emily, "Turn right next street."

Emily said, "What do you do, Lucas?" 

"Well, I used to go to school. Community College, you know? Then I stopped going. I was working at Taco Bell, but I quit that too." Lucas said.

"Maybe all you need is a little inspiration." Emily said "What do you want to do with yourself."

"I'd like to be a famous musician one day, or a writer. Maybe both." said Lucas.

Emily asked, "What instrument do you play?"

"I used to play guitar in high school." said Lucas.

"What aren't you playing now? The first step to become a great musician is to actually play an instrument. A lot." said Emily.

"I just lost interest, like I do with everything else in my life." said Lucas.

Emily said, "You should find something that you can't loose interest in, see how that goes." 

"Like what?" asked Lucas,

"Me." said Emily.

She slowed down the car, and gave Lucas a quick, but passionate kiss. Lucas didn't have enough time to respond, and return the kiss. Still, it was the best kiss he had ever had. He had only known Emily for less than an hour, and he already loved her. 

"There will be more of that when we get to the park." said Emily.

A few minutes later, they were walking hand and hand through the lonely park. The fog had vanished, along with most of the clouds. A few stars were visible above them, through the many trees.

A small stream ran along the path, and it's sound was all that could be heard. Neither of them had spoken since getting out of the car, but neither of them had to. Lucas felt that the moment was too precious to ruin with words. He lead her away from the path, up a small hill, towards a white gazebo. They sat down next to each other on a bench. Lucas turned to Emily, and noticed her gray-blue eyes were filled with tears. 

"Emily, what's wrong?" Lucas asked.

Emily didn't say anything. Instead she wrapped her arms around Lucas' shoulders and gave him a kiss. He was surprised to find that her skin was ice cold. This time, Lucas was able to react; he put his hands on her waist, and returned the kiss, exploring the inside of her mouth with his tongue. Lucas could feel Emily's hair on his arms, and face. It tickled, making the experience all the more magical.

Soon, Emily was slowly moving herself on top of Lucas. The kissing was increasing in it's passion. Emily was frequently biting Lucas' lip, and he returned the favor when he could. Emily seemed to really like biting; she sighed deeply whenever he did it. Lucas was becoming increasingly aware of a painful erection, pressed tightly against his jeans. It only got worse when Emily glided her thigh across it. Lucas winced. Emily off of him and stood up. She undid her pants and pulled them down, revealing a lacy pair of red underwear. Lucas did the same.

When his pants were off, Emily straddled Lucas, and they started making out again. Lucas could feel a slight warmth radiating from between her legs. He couldn't help but to grind up into her. Emily let out a small gasp as he did this, and broke the kiss. She opened her eyes, and smiled. Then, she matched Lucas' rhythm. 

Lucas moved his hands from Emily's waist, to her ample breasts. She slapped his hands away, causing Lucas to freak out. He thought he did something wrong. He looked up at Emily, who kept on smiling. He watched as she took off her shirt and bra, setting loose the best pair of breasts Lucas had ever seen. They were perky, and the pink nipples were small and erect. She tilted her head at Lucas' hand. He didn't get the gesture immediately, so Emily just grabbed his hands and put them on her breasts.  They continued to dry hump.

After what seemed like hours of bliss, Emily got up and sat down next to Lucas. She put a slender hand, with black fingernails on his crotch and squeezed. Lucas gasped in surprise. Emily slid her hand into the fly and pulled out his already swollen member. She examined it, and obviously liked what she saw. It wasn't, long before her hand was moving up and down the shaft. Meanwhile, her other hand danced over her panties. Both her and Lucas were breathing heavily. 

"Are you ready, Lucas?" Emily asked, he voice staggered.

"Do we need to use protection?" Lucas asked.

Emily said, "No, I'm infertile." 

"Oh." said Lucas, "Yeah, I'm ready for this."

"Is this your first time?" asked Emily.

Lucas said, "No, it's my second. What about you?"

"No."

Emily pulled off her panties, while Lucas slipped out of his boxers. She stood up, straddled Lucas and slowly lowered herself onto his erect manhood. She winced, as it plunged deep inside her. She slowly moved herself up, then brought herself down again. Lucas was staring at the action, wide eyed. He had never felt anything like that before. Emily was so tight, and enthusiastic. The first girl Lucas has sex with wasn't either. After the third time time Emily brought herself off of him, Lucas thrust upward. Pretty soon, they had a steady rhythm going. 

The pace quickened slightly, and for the first time, Lucas felt like he was going to orgasm. It took all he had to keep from shooting his load into her. She wasn't showing any signs of slowing down or stopping, in fact she only kept going faster. She was whimpering each time his penis went insider her, and her breasts were bouncing up and down, bringing him that much closer to coming. 

Pretty soon, he couldn't hold it anymore. He felt his muscles release. At the same time, Emily's muscles began to contract around him. He figured the hot semen inside her felt good enough to orgasm herself. It was the first time Lucas had ever made a girl come. He felt proud of himself, especially since Emily was so lovely.

Emily bent over Lucas' face, giving him, a quick, tender kiss, before climbing off of him. She proceeded to collect her clothes and get dressed. Lucas followed her lead.

"I get to bed soon. I suggest you do the same." said Emily, "It's going to be a long night tomorrow."

"Why is that?" asked Lucas.

Emily said, "I'll be coming to your house just after sunset. I want to get to know you a bit better, if you know what I mean."

"You don't know where I live though." said Lucas.

"I will after I take you home tonight." said Emily.

Lucas said, "Oh good. It would've been a long walk home. Thanks."

"Don't mention it. I want my man to be rested so I can use his body." said Emily. 

After they were dressed, they walked back to Emily's car. In the car, not much was said. The only sound was Ian Curtis' baritone voice leading their favorite band. Their hands sat entwined on top of the middle console. This was the greatest night of Lucas' life, and he had a feeling things would get even better from there. As the car pulled up in front of the apartment building, Lucas couldn't help but feel sad. Now that he knew her, he didn't want to spend a second a part from his Emily. 

"Can't you spend the day here?" asked Lucas, desperately.

Emily frowned, "I really can't. If I could I would. Please believe me."

"I believe you." said Lucas, "I'll just miss you."

"I'll miss you too, but before you know it, we'll be together again."

Lucas said, "It won't be soon enough, but I'll live."

"I know, hun." said Emily, "But the sun's coming up, I really have to go."

She gave Lucas a quick peck on the lips. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"Good night, it was so good meeting you." said Lucas.

"Same to you. Bye." said Emily.

Lucas watched his love drive down the quiet street. He couldn't believe the night had actually happened. Even while the car was still in sight, it was all starting to seem like a dream. The next 16 hours would be unbearable for Lucas. Sunset wouldn't come soon enough.