 "Can I help you?" I asked. 

She looked at me with red and tear-filled eyes. Even so I found myself wondering again if I had never seen as beautiful a woman in my life.

"I hope to God you can," she said between sniffles. "I only took the class because I thought it would be fun, now it's gonna drag down my GPA to the point that I loose my scholarship." At the word 'scholarship' her voice cracked and the tears began to flow. 

"Whoa now," I said. Take it easy. I got up from behind my desk and came around to the front where she stood. I pulled a chair up for her and I sat on the desk. I have always felt more comfortable with my students when the desk wasn't between us. I struggled briefly for her name, than remembered it. "Megan, your not doing that badly - and a strong midterm could really turn things around for you."

She looked at me as if I had just said something insane. "I really don't that's going to happen. I'm just not getting this. It's so much harder than I thought it would be." She took a tissue out of her small hand bag and wiped the tears from her cheeks. "And without that scholarship... I'm... I'm... through here."

"It's not going to come to that," I assured her, lying a hand on her shoulder. Touching a student is always an iffy thing. But it's has always been my style especially with the student in or near tears, and anyway you can always tell when the gesture isn't appreciated. More times than not I find it's welcomed. As I discovered now.

"Thank you." She said, looking at my hand. "But what am I going to do?" She asked looking at me with such hopelessness that I almost felt like welling up myself.

I checked my watch. 8:55 AM. "Megan I know just were you are coming from, because believe it or not - I was just like you. I never got this stuff the first time I heard it myself. And it's hard when you're in a class of twenty-five and you don't want to sound like the only one who's not getting it? Am I right?"

She nodded wordlessly. Thunder rumbled outside.

"So all you need is a little bit of help. Do you have a study partner that can bring you up to speed?"

"I tried that, all it did was make it worse. Confused me all the more."

I inwardly sighed knowing the novel that I had been trying work on over my lunch breaks - over the past four years - would have to wait for me again. "Megan, helping you is very important to me. I have a meeting at 9:00 AM that I can't miss, but I have an hour free at lunch. Can you meet me back here at noon, and I'll go over it all with you again?"

She shook her head, slowly and with great regret. "No, I work at the student cafeteria from 11 till 1, and if I miss one more day there I'll loose that too." Then she seemed to be considering something. She bit her lower lip. Adorable. I already had the feeling that what ever she wanted, I was probably going to wind up being more than accommodating. "But once ever thing is set up, after about noon," she said, "all I do is sit around. If we could meet there, instead - it would be perfect."

I weighed it in my mind. The student cafeteria - 'blah' - but she was still gnawing at her lower lip and I was smitten. "Perfect!" I said lying. "We can trash it out over lunch." Then letting my sense of humor get the best of me I added; "Do they still have that world famous meatloaf?"

Megan threw her arms around me before I even saw it coming. "Oh, thank you - thank you so very much." I felt her breasts pressing against my chest and I briefly caught the whiff-of-heaven scent of her hair. I felt a heated flush rushing to my face.

"Why think nothing of it," I said. "Rescuing damsels in distress is my sideline." I don't know why, but the dumbest things always come out of my mouth when I am flustered. 

"I'll see you at noon then." She said rushing out of the class room. I didn't have time to even raise my hand in return.

I put my materials away in my bag and pulled out my umbrella. The East Coast was being lashed by the remnants of the latest hurricane to thrash its way up the country. We had been spared the brunt of the storm, but there were still three inches of standing water in the streets. Fortunately the 9:00 was in the building just next door. Even so I was nearly drowned in the storm. I couldn't remember ever seeing a rain as hard. As far as protection went, my little umbrella turned out to be woefully inadequate. 

I was late, as is my trademark, but I made it to the cafeteria by twelve-ten. The smell that assailed me was exactly the same one stored magically and somehow electronically into the memory cells of my mind, for the past twenty years. It had not changed at all. Not since I was a student on campus at this college. Revolting. 

Upon seeing me the relieve on Megan's face was plain. "I thought you had forgotten about me." She said.

The smile that spread across my face was both immediate and sincere. "Hardly." I said.

Over lunch (I passed on the meatloaf) I slowly and thoroughly went over the concepts that had been escaping Meagan over the first half semester. She was by no means stupid, quite far from it. Her grasp of things once defined to her, was as fine as any I had ever seen. She reminded me a lot of when I was a student. A lot. It neared one O'clock and I was just about to make my final point and wrap it all up for her in one dramatic flare of inspired teaching, when the roof fell in.

By that I don't mean that my teaching failed to make impact, but quite literally the roof fell in. It seems that the three inches of water lying in the streets was also lying atop the flat roof of the cafeteria. The current thunder burst was more than the old roof could take. A huge section of the ceiling fell in just over the kitchen area. A ton of water hit the blackened grill in a flash of steam and sudden noise. A scream went up from several of the female students, some of the guys shouted in surprise. Fortunately no one was hurt, but my inspired instruction came to an unexpected end. Or so I believed. 

I helped the kitchen staff herd the student body toward the two exits. Some of the younger girls were screaming hysterically, you would have thought that they had been killed. I have never understood post teen-age hysterics and I was impressed when I saw Megan standing impassively at the door waiting for me. She watched the screaming girls run by and rolled her eyes dramatically. "Freshmen!" She said.

I stifled a laugh into my hand. Just outside lightning flashed and set off another round of screams from several points across the campus lawn. I looked at Megan who was wearing a thin pink tee-shirt that didn't quite cover her belly-button and low riding cutoff jeans. "Your going to get soaked," I said. "I would offer you a ride, but I walked over from my office."

"That's OK," Megan said. "My dorm is only three blocks up." Then she bit her lip again. It was like a fast ball pitcher giving away his best weapon, but a look that I found myself growing quite fond of. "Listen," she said with some hesitation, "I really feel like I was just on the verge of getting this. If you have nothing else to do - could we finish this in my dorm?"

I considered. There were no hard and fast rules about instructors being in the dorm rooms, nothing written in stone. But doing so could be seen as an impropriety, and even a fully vested professor such as myself, could find himself looking for work if someone took exception to my being there. As I let the debate wage the war in my mind for a moment, I saw Megan do something that I had only once see directed at myself once before in my life. She ran her tongue around her lips. It happened so quickly that I almost missed it. Then just as quickly I convinced myself that I could not have seen... - it was just insane. At forty, I was twice this girls age. No, I was sure - I had to have been mistaken. And that quickly before doubt could set in again, Megan was dashing out the door and into the heavy downpour. 

Just an hour past high noon and it looked like twilight outside. Thick black clouds covered the sky from horizon to horizon. Lightning frequently jumped from cloud to cloud and from cloud to the ground. I stepped outside and felt suddenly old as I paused to open my conservative black umbrella. There was a time that I too would have just run pell-mell into the rain. I struggled to catch up.

Once I caught her I managed to match Megan's gait stride for stride, but I thanked the gods that we only had a block left to go. She was burying me. The girl was all leg. At one point she even turned around and walked backward to hear what I was saying. She didn't seem to loose a bit of speed. Just then, with Megan walking backward and myself mid-sentence about something which I have long since forgotten, a lightning bolt issued from the sky and tore my field of vision in two. The sound was tremendous. I about jumped out of my skin. I froze in my tracks, almost involuntarily. Megan however - even though the lightening had struck behind her - didn't even flinch. She just kept up her long pace backwards. I pressed to catch up again. Over a second clap of the thunder, which rolled across the campus like a thing of great weight, I asked her; "Doesn't anything frighten you?"

"Yes," she said through an impish grin, her hair down across her face and water running in her eyes, "the idea that you still believe that we are going to my room to just study."

This stopped me in my tracks a record setting second time. I even lowered my umbrella to my side in surprise. "We're not?" I asked. I couldn't keep the incredulousness out of my voice.

"I don't think so." She said and turned forward to run. "Although I still hope to learn something," she yelled over her shoulder as she again put half a block between us.

I caught up to her just as she entered the dorm building. No word was spoken between us then. I stood in the lobby and shaking the excess water from my umbrella, and trying to decide what to do. I decided to play along for a while and followed her into the elevator. She hit the 15th floor and I suppressed a grin. "What?" She asked.

"Nothing." I said, but when she threw me a comical pout I volunteered more. "I used to live on 15," I said, "when I went here."

"You were a student here?" She asked, sounding more surprised that I would have liked. 

"Yes, but it was back before they invented the elevator - so I had to hike up and down all 15 floors all day long." 

She tossed me a look let me know that she understood I was just trying to have one over on her. The girl was just as sharp as I had given her credit for. Megan had been standing against the far wall of the elevator her arms crossed in an 'x' over her body for warmth. She shivered, and large goose bumps stood out on her arms. "You were right," she said dropping her arms to her sides, "I am soaked to the skin - look at me."

I took more than a look. The soaking had made Megan's pink little tee nearly transparent. She wore no bra. Her nipples stood out firm and high on her breasts and an old Bob Segar song started playing in my head. "She was a black-haired beauty with big dark eyes And points all her own sitting way up high. Way up firm and high ..." I tried to be gentlemen enough to look away, but my stare lingered far too long. The elevator doors opened. Megan strode into the halls making the maze of lefts and rights that I had long since forgotten. When she paused in front of room 1569 I laughed aloud.

"Don't tell me?" Megan said, as if reading my mind.

"Yep," I answered. "My old room."

"Well, come on up to 15 and 69." She said. I guess my mouth fell open slightly. "You didn't say that in your day eh?" She asked. 

I shook my head slightly.

"But that's what we are here for, isn't it?" She asked, her hand paused on the door knob.

I took a longing look at those breasts, that flat little tummy. Her soft face and angelic eyes, and I spoke the honest truth. "God, I hope so!"

She stepped into the room and I started to close the door behind us. "You'll have to leave it open." She said.

"What?" I asked.

She laughed. "I know. It's pretty arcane, but that's the rule. If there is a man in the room the door has to stay open."

"You're kidding."

"Nope, but you can't see the bed from the hallway and besides..." She took my hand and put it to her shorts, just over the zipper. She placed her hand over mine and pressed hard, grinding herself against the palm of my hand. The heat coming from her soaked jeans made me believe that the rain hadn't done all of that work. "...makes it a little more exciting doesn't it?" She winked at me. "Besides, you wouldn't want to get me in trouble would you? With the door rule? It's one rule I just hate to break." 

"I wouldn't want to get YOU in trouble?" I said laughing.

I was about to remove my hand when she pulled in her belly yanked her jeans at the belt line and stuck my hand in the opening. My fingers touched smooth chiffon like panties and beneath that felt her mound which burned with heat. I gasped and said, "Do you have any idea how effectively you are seducing me?" 

"Show me." She said, putting her free hand behind my head and pulling me in for our first kiss.

I stared briefly into her clear green eyes and saw such depth, such vitality. Had I ever been this alive? This young? Her eyes danced and sparkled with excitement. I put her head in the crook of my left arm and kissed her deeply. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and met her own. We battled fiercely and with great desire. My right hand was still in her pants, I found the top of her panties with one finger and pushed them lower. Running my fingers lightly across her I felt only the smallest tuft of pubic hair. 

She broke the kiss and pushed me back, and for one terrible instant I was sure that it had been a set up and that she was going to yell rape. My eyes flew to the open door.

"Sit on the bed," she said. "I have been fantasying about this moment for weeks now and I don't want to blow it now, just because I'm nervous." As I sat down she walked over to a small CD player and pressed a button. I knew the song before the second cord. Prince, When Doves Fly. She bit her lower lip again and - eyes still closed - started to sway in place. Then she began to dance for me. And strip.

The tee-shirt was the first to go. It came off with such ease and grace that it was gone before I knew that it was going to happen. I heard myself sucking air between my teeth. Megan was more beautiful than I had even imagined. Her long thin torso was graced by perfectly proportioned breasts, which sat majestically over a belly just as flat and firm as any man could desire. When she turned her hips a taunt little line that ran from just above her belly button to the bottom of her rib cage showed off her perfectly segmented stomach. I thought of telling her that this line was caused by the rectus abdominis muscles - but for once I was able to keep my nervous mouth shut. 

I looked again at the open door. Megan was correct, from where I was sitting on the bed the hallway was out of my line of sight, but anyone walking along there would be able to see Megan just fine. It seemed to matter to her not at all. I discovered that I didn't care much either. 

Megan sang the lyrics right along with the artist formerly known as Prince. When she got to the words; "Touch if you will my stomach, see how it trembles inside..." she put my hand on her belly and I felt her muscles rippling beneath her oh-so-soft flesh as she swayed from side to side with the beat of the music. She stepped back from me again, just out of reach. Her finger played lightly with the snap of her cutoff's and I felt my heart thundering in my chest... She unsnapped them and slowly and seductively lowered the short zipper. "This is what it sounds like, when doves cry..." The panties were pink to match the departed tee-shirt. She dropped the shorts to the floor and stepped out of them. This beautiful woman/child who could be no more than 20, 21 years old, stood before me. Her long dark hair nearly covering her breasts, her tall and lanky body so finely toned and now coated in a fine sheen of sweat. The question that I had asked myself in the morning was now answered. She was unquestionably the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen. Then she looked at me with those impossibly green eyes and said; "Are you enjoying this as much as I am?"

"It is not possible for you to be enjoying this as much as I am." I said honestly.

She flashed me a smile that could have been measured in megawatts, and turned away from me - showing me her back side. Then as she looked at me over her shoulder and out of the corner of her eye, she bent slightly at the waist and slipped out of her panties. When the delicate fabric brushed over her perfect and round little ass it made a sound like a whisper... ssshhhh. I think that I stopped breathing entirely. Oh sweet heaven what an ass! 

Then she slowly turned and faced me again, dancing for me until the song's end. Her bush was neatly trimmed, shaved to nearly bald. Only a small vertical strip of black hair remained above her vagina. Before the last ringing cord had stopped echoing across the small room Megan dashed toward me and leapt into my lap, straddling me. "I can't tell you how long I've wanted to do that!" She said excitedly. "Oh, God! I was terrified! Did you really like it?"

I opened my mouth to answer but she cut me off. "No, don't answer that - let me check for myself!" She reached down between her legs and touched the front of my pants. What she found there was something that was alive and very dangerous. "Oh!" She said, her eyes widening. "Oh, I think you liked it very much."

Any question in my mind that I had just been 'playing along' died when she touched me. I knew that I had to have her. Open door or no, I wanted her so badly that I wouldn't give a damn if all of the department heads strode into the dorm room at once. The need was something that I could taste.

"You know," she said with a smile. "I'm sitting on your lap as naked as I was the day that I was born - and you're still fully dressed. Doesn't that make you feel the slightest bit awkward?"

"Ver..." I had to cough and clear my throat. It had suddenly become rather dry. "Very."

"Would you like me to help you do something about that?"

"That," I said, "would be wonderful."

We stood and she helped me out of my jacket, hanging it neatly over a chair. She turned back to me and her eyes never leaving mine, undid my tie and unbuttoned my shirt. She slipped her hands inside my shirt and let them play across my chest and down my belly. She deftly unfastened my belt and ran the zipper down. My pants fell to the floor. She kissed my chest, worked her way down to my belly then wrapped her lips around my cock through my briefs and exhaled deeply. Her hot breath on my shaft sent an almost electric shock running up my spine. My head snapped back, and a moan escaped my lips. She dropped to her knees and slipped her hands behind me. She tugged at my underwear and pulled them to the floor. "Oh, my." She said again.

She pulled at my ass and drove me into her waiting mouth. As her lips enveloped me I slipped my hands into her hair. Megan slurped and sucked at my cock. She reached a hand up and pushed at my stomach - urging me back on to the bed. I fell back hard and the old iron frame loudly creaked its complaint. I laid back on the bed, my legs hanging over the side and Megan between my knees. She played her hands up and down my body, grasping my chest in her hands and squeezing with great force. She ran her teeth the full length of my cock and back, driving me wild with desire. "Megan!" I nearly yelled.

"Mr. Webe.." She lifted her head to say, but I put a finger to her soft wet lips.

"Andy." I said. "My name is Andy."
