 Eric and I had just finished working on my calculus mid term review when Dan knocked on the door. Eric got up to let him in while I went to the fridge for a well deserved beer. I brought Eric and Dan each a beer and sat down in the arm chair. Sitting on the couch in front of me both men gave me a strange look. "What?" I asked, "Is there something on my face?"

Their eyebrows raised and I followed their bulging eyes to my crotch. I had come straight from the gym to Eric's apartment and had showered and put on one of his t-shirts without panties. Out of habit I had drawn one leg up to my chest and gave the guys a clear view of my clean shaven pussy. Eric and I have been having sex for over three months so the shock on his face wasn't his own but a reflection of Dan's expression. 

"Whoops!" I stammered and crossed my legs tugging the shirt down over my thighs. "Don't looked so shocked Dan. It's not like you haven't seen a woman naked before."

"Well it's.." Dan started.

"He means other than his vast collection of mags and video's, he's never seen one close up in daylight." Eric interrupted.

"Is that true?" I asked drawing my leg up again.

Blushing brightly, Dan shook his head and said. "I've only had sex one time with one girl and that ended up being a fluke."

"It was a frat prank." Eric added.

"What is it with you smart guys and your self esteem? You're smart enough to build a rocket ship but too dumb to not get shit on by the cro-mag frat boys." I said angrily.

"Hey, I was the same way before you came along Lora." Eric defended.

"When you grow up being the smart kid in class everyone resents you and you end up getting burned by assholes. Sometimes it's worth the attention." Explained Dan.

"I can understand that to some degree, but getting laid shouldn't be a problem for either of you. You're good looking guys, you just need to get out of this low self esteem cave you've been hiding in." I said giving them a full view of my pussy.

"Maybe, but you don't hang out with us because we're good looking, you're here because you need us to pass calculus." Snapped Dan.

"Fuck you! I'm here because I want to be and until now I enjoyed the company." I growled.

Giving Dan a glaring look, Eric said, "Apologize Dan, we've been hanging out for months. You know better than that." 

"You're right I'm sorry Lora, I guess I'm just jealous of your relationship and I don't want to see Eric get burned. Lora, you're hot and it just didn't make sense. I thought you were using him." Dan mumbled.

"Look I love Eric he's the best guy I've ever known, he treats me like a person rather than a notch on his belt. If all I wanted was to pass a math class I wouldn't be here and I wouldn't be sleeping with him. If all you need is laid, I'll fuck you." I replied emphatically.

Eric's eyes nearly popped from his head when I said that. He and Dan looked at each other with dumb expressions, then their eyes turned to me. 

"What?" I inquired.

Dan looked at Eric with an even more ridiculous look on his face than the previous one and stammered,

"I thought you two..."

"No, we're just friends that have sex sometimes." Eric corrected.

"We fuck a lot Eric." I added, smiling.

"OK, we fuck a lot." said Eric.

"I've been with him and two other girls so fucking the both of you shouldn't be a big deal." I said to Dan, standing up and pulling the shirt over my head.

"I'm going to take a walk and leave you two alone, OK." Eric said getting to his feet.

I kissed him and he left the room. I leaned down and took Dan's face in my hands and kissed him. At first he didn't open his mouth, but when I ran my hand down to his already stiff cock he gasped and I shoved my tongue into his mouth. Dan grabbed my face and started kissing me so heavily that I thought he was going to try to swallow me. He stopped and told me to just stand there so he could look at me. I did so watching his eyes explore my naked body. He smiled and touched my thigh trailing his finger to my breast. He leaned in tasting me with his mouth just as he had with his eyes. kissing nearly every inch of my body sending shivers of excitement up my spine. I kneeled tugging his shorts and boxers off in on fluid motion and took the head of his thin but lengthy cock between my lips. I flicked my tongue around the head and Dan's hips bucked sending thick streams of cum down my throat. I almost gagged trying to swallow it al but kept his spurting rod in my mouth. 

Cum leaked from my lips as Dan's hands clutched my shoulders, his cock still twitching and pouring his creamy load over my tongue. Draining him I backed away cum dripping from my lips and chin. I scooped the drippings with a finger and popped into my mouth then cleaned Dan's cock sucking it back to life. He apologized for cumming so soon and in my mouth. I told him that I had wanted him to cum in my mouth and he pulled me to him and kissed me tasting his own cum from my lips. I pulled his shirt off and sucked at his nipples, then straddled him sliding his cock inside me. He grunted looking into my eyes and kissed me. 

I gripped his shoulders and bounced on his lap driving his cock into me. With one hand I squeezed my left breast and fed the nipple to Dan's hungry mouth. He sucked at it biting tenderly then did the same with the right. I felt the beginning tingle of my own orgasm as Dan's cock grazed my spot. I ground into him and my orgasm tore through my body I wrapped my arms around him as my pussy pulsed and contracted, squeezing his shaft inside me. I relaxed sliding off of him and kneeled on the couch with my hands resting on the back. I reached behind me and pulled Dan's steely shaft to slick opening of my dripping pussy.

"Fuck me!" I growled and shoved my hips back sinking his cock into me. 

Dan latched onto my hips and began pounding into me with abandon, my hand slid to my clit and rubbed it furiously and I came a second time. Dan never slowed his thrusting and I reached back tugging at his nipple. "Cum for me baby!" I panted.

"Inside you?" he grunted.

"Anywhere you want!" I replied.

"In your mouth again." Dan answered still pumping into me.

He pulled out and I flipped around swallowing his cock dripping with my own sweetness. His cock pulsed and I jerked him off with my hand as his load squirted into my throat. His hips bucked and I lost my grip sending a thick rope of cum splashing on my cheek. I kept stroking him with my mouth agape catching his sperm on my outstretched tongue. His second load almost as large as the first splattered my face and tits. I rubbed his shaft over my lips and nipples smearing his sticky gift into my skin. Dan's knee buckled and he fell towards me. I caught him in my arms and held him to me kissing his forehead. I felt his lips kissing my neck as he held onto me. We held each other for quite sometime, his heart still pounding against my chest. I stood up pulling Dan with me and led him to the bathroom and ran a bath. I set him in the tub and gently washed him. He never let his gaze leave my eyes as I rubbed his sweaty body with my soapy hands. I climbed in with him and he returned the favor by washing me just as gently. 

"Are you OK?" I asked.

Dan shook his head and replied, "Yeah, I just feel so many emotions and I don't know how to pull it together."

"You don't have to be in control all the time just let go and enjoy it. You were wonderful." I kissed him passionately and slid behind him to hold him in my arms.