 It was really the first beautiful day of Spring...snow was almost gone, trees were budding, it was actually warm enough for shorts and a t shirt! But I had a late afternoon class, and it was Friday no less! The last thing any of us wanted to do was to sit in a classroom on a day like this, so Lit class was going to seem like forever!

Dr. McHugh was a good teacher, still had her looks for a 40 something academic, reddish hair, glasses, she usually had a dress on...today was no different. She was originally from the south and her voice had a bit of syrup left in it. Just enough that we had to listen closely to her lectures so as to not miss anything. Besides, it usually sounded pretty good!

She began "Class, I am not so old that I don't know you would rather be outside or starting happy hour instead of being here..." Was she going to let us out early? Pleeeeeeease! "So instead of our usually lecture, I am going to just read a bit from our assigned text "Moby Dick"." Great. I could get a nap in.

I was seated in the back next to Laura. I had had a number of classes with her, we were both English majors and had worked together on several projects in and out of class. More a buddy, we usually covered for each other if one couldn't make it to class. We looked at each other and we both had the same idea. Get this over and let's start the weekend!

Dr. McHugh started again - "I am going to turn out the lights, and so you don't get too distracted, I'll pull the blinds. Don't worry, I have enough light to read." With that, the room went dark, leaving the dozen or so of us in darkness. I couldn't see, but I guessed every head was on the desk. I just hoped I didn't snore!

Finally she began. "I'll be reading from Chapter 94. 'A Squeeze of the hand'. It is about the processing of the whale after they have killed it." Perfect. I'll be out in no time!

"It had cooled and crystallized to such a degree, that when, with several others, I sat down before a large Constantine's bath of it, I found it strangely concreted into lumps, here and there rolling about in the liquid part. It was our business to squeeze these lumps back into fluid. A sweet and unctuous duty! No wonder that in old times sperm was such a favorite cosmetic. Such a clearer! such a sweetener! such a softener; such a delicious mollifier! After having my hands in it for only a few minutes, my fingers felt like eels, and began, as it were, to serpentine and spiralize."

Dr. McHughs voice got softer and sweeter as she continued to read.

"...as I bathed my hands among those soft, gentle globules of infiltrated tissues, wove almost within the hour; as they richly broke to my fingers, and discharged all their opulence, like fully ripe grapes their wine; as. I snuffed up that uncontaminated aroma,- literally and truly, like the smell of spring violets; I declare to you, that for the time I lived as in a musky meadow; I forgot all about our horrible oath; in that inexpressible sperm, I washed my hands and my heart of it; I almost began to credit the old Paracelsan superstition that sperm is of rare virtue in allaying the heat of anger; while bathing in that bath, I felt divinely free from all ill-will, or petulance, or malice, of any sort whatsoever."

The classroom was silent except for our breathing and Dr. McHughs' sensual voice. I wondered if she knew what she was stirring with her reading. Looking back, I am sure she did.

"Squeeze! squeeze! squeeze! all the morning long; I squeezed that sperm till I myself almost melted into it; I squeezed that sperm till a strange sort of insanity came over me; and I found myself unwittingly squeezing my co-laborers' hands in it, mistaking their hands for the gentle globules. Such an abounding, affectionate, friendly, loving feeling did this avocation beget; that at last I was continually squeezing their hands, and looking up into their eyes sentimentally; as much as to say,- Oh! my dear fellow beings, why should we longer cherish any social acerbities, or know the slightest ill-humor or envy! Come; let us squeeze hands all round; nay, let us all squeeze ourselves into each other; let us squeeze ourselves universally into the very milk and sperm of kindness."

I felt a hand on my leg, just a brush and then it settled. I reached down and it was Laura. I looked over and could barely see her in the darkness, but I thought I saw a glint of her eye. Hmmmm. I decided to see what the game was, so I moved my desk a little closer to hers and kept her hand on my leg.

I could feel myself getting a little hard and I moved her hand closer to my crotch. I moved my hand to her and brushed against her tshirt. Her small tits had always struck me as suiting her. She had a tiny frame and they seemed quite perky, jiggling just a little but never too much. I brushed again and finally cupped one as her hand rubbed my inner leg. Moving up my shorts leg, higher and higher. I could feel a small hard nipple under her shirt and I rolled it between my thumb and finger.

The reading continued. "Would that I could keep squeezing that sperm for ever! For now, since by many prolonged, repeated experiences, I have perceived that in all cases man must eventually lower, or at least shift, his conceit of attainable felicity; not placing it anywhere in the intellect or the fancy; but in the wife, the heart, the bed, the table, the saddle, the fire-side; the country; now that I have perceived all this, I am ready to squeeze case eternally. In thoughts of the visions of the night, I saw long rows of angels in paradise, each with his hands in a jar of spermaceti."

I could hear Dr. McHugh speaking, but I couldn't hear what she was saying exactly. I was focused on the hand in my shorts, moving up to my awakening cock and the firm nipple I had found and was paying close attention to.

Lauras' fingers danced lightly up my shorts leg and found the edge of my underwear. A single finger ran slowly around that seam. I was fully erect by now, it begged to be touched. I moved a little to give her a little more access.

I laid back a little in the chair and took my hand from her chest. I would get back to that soon enough! Laura lifted the edge of my underwear and her fingers found the warm folds of my scrotum inside, she touched my balls and found the base of my cock and wrapped her fingers around it. Oh, it throbbed!

I heard Dr. McHugh speak a little louder, not the sweet southern drawl she had used while reading the chapter, "...and that should be enough for today. Have your reaction papers for me next Wednesday and enjoy this beautiful day..." Laura had her hand back in her lap as the lights were flicked on. We all squinted as our eyes adjusted to the bright lights. "Oh, and Ms. Davis and Mr. Thompson, see me for a moment after class." Uh-oh, had we been that obvious? I didn't think we made a sound, but here we were being told to stay after. Laura and I shot each other a look like "What? What do we say?"

As the class left, shuffling off to a great day outside, Laura and I went forward. I let Laura go first because I still had a massive erection and it was obvious in my shorts. "Yes, Dr. McHugh?" we both said as we came to the desk. She looked up from behind her glasses and said "Please, call me Elizabeth. It is much less formal, and this is not a formal meeting, far from it!"

I wasn't sure what she meant, but I was glad she didn't seem mad. I moved a little forward and my hand grazed Lauras' ass. She didn't move as I brushed it again. I hoped she was as turned on as I was, we could have a great time once Dr. McHugh, Elizabeth, finished her inquiry.

"I'll come straight to the point. I know you two were 'influenced' by the reading today." she said with an emphasis on "influenced". "I also think I was 'influenced' as well." She sat on the edge of her desk as we stood before her and she slowly spread her legs, then crossed them showing a bit more leg than was necessary, and less underwear than was expected. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought she might have set this up and was coming on to us.

I stammered out "Well, Melville is a classic, it is hard not to be moved by some of his writing." Elizabeth looked at me with that classic instructor look I had seen often as I had tried to answer a question I had no idea about what it meant. "Bullshit" she replied. She looked at us both and continued. "I know you two were having a good bit of a feel of each other there in the back row, and I want in on it. It is a glorious Spring day and I can't think of a better way to celebrate it than some good fucking." 

Laura backed into me, just slightly and wiggled her ass slightly. Any thought I had of deflating this hard on vanished. It did surprise me some when Laura spoke "Well, if we do agree, I certainly hope it won't jeopardize our grade for this class." Damn! She was good! I guess I didn't think like that, especially with all the blood rushing from my head to someplace south of there. Elizabeth smiled "Of course not! You two are two of the most conscientious students I have. Very creative, reliable and participatory." With that she reached out and stroked Lauras' arm. To my surprise, Laura took her hand and placed it on her ass, right where my hard cock was resting. Elizabeth could no doubt feel us both!

Dr. McHugh, Elizabeth, moved from the desk and went to the door and locked it. "We're the last class for the day in here, we will not be disturbed." She opened one shade to let some sunlight in and turned off the harsh overhead light and moved to us. "I believe you two were about to do something before I interrupted, please continue. I'll watch and join in as needed."

I pulled Laura to me, holding her and giving her a deep wet kiss exploring her mouth with my tongue and having her respond back. I slid a hand to her shorts and undid the button, slid the zipper and opened them wide. At the same time, she loosened my shorts and lowered my underwear. My hard cock pressed against her smooth skin as I dropped her shorts and underwear. We heard an approving "Mmmmmm..." from Elizabeth.

Laura dropped to her knees and stroked me slowly at first, then a little faster and her sweet lips moved closer. I could feel her hot breath on my dick, "Oh yeah, suck it Laura, suck me off" I said as she took it in her mouth.

I heard Elizabeth move, then felt her behind me. I reached one hand behind and felt her dress. Lifting it up, I felt her skin close to mine and as my hand crept up I found a hot, moist juncture between her legs. My hand cupped her and a finger slide into her as my cock slid in and out of Laura's mouth.

After rubbing her cunt for a few moments Elizabeth moved around to the front and joined Laura on her knees. "Mind if I have a taste?" With that Laura and she swapped places and my cock disappeared into Elizabeths' mouth. I put a hand behind her head and she bobbed up and down on it. Her tongue darted on the shaft around the head and she sucked hard, making a slurping sound and back down hard on it. I wouldn't last long with that kind of attention.

Laura removed her shirt and moved to my side. She put a hand on Elizabeth's head as well and stroked her neck. I kissed her deeply again and used my free hand to feel her cute hot ass and to slide a finger into her wet pussy. They were different, but both wonderful. Laura had a completely shaven twat, wet and slick. So pink and hot. Elizabeth had a bit of hair, neatly trimmed and was also dripping wet. Both were luscious!

I finger fucked Laura as I started to feel my cock start to respond to Elizabeths' tongue. "Who wants it? It's about to cum." Elizabeth pulled out "Ah claim it...Ah want it all over ma fucking face..." Her southern accent was thicker than ever. She stroked my cock fast and furious. I fingered Laura who was watching intently.

I exploded and shot a hot white stream onto Elizabeths' face, then another thin rope of white stretched onto her face from my cock, some hitting her reddish gold hair and sticking. It seemed to cum forever and when it stopped she took the tip and gave it a sloppy kiss.

Elizabeth smiled with my jism dripping from her face. It was hot seeing her wearing my cum. She obviously agreed and said "Your turn, eat me, give me your tongue. I want to be licked clean". I looked at Laura who was obviously enjoying my fingers. Elizabeth turned to her desk and lay on it with her legs spread wide and motioned me, us, over. I put my face in her damp pussy and began to lick, teasing the hot pink lips with my tongue, still touching Laura's hot clit, the little button was hard as a rock and her slit was wet with her juices.

I put one hand on Elizabeth and moved it to rub her clit while I licked up one side and down the other, focusing on the top of the thigh between her lips, and then down into the middle licking in as deep as it would go. Another hand joined in spreading the pink pussy lips apart as I rubbed and licked. I looked and it was Laura's! I licked harder and fingered Laura deeper, she rotated on my fingers as we focused on Elizabeth who seemed to be enjoying all the attention.

Elizabeth moved back on the desk, away from the edge and from our hands and my mouth. Laura moved in front of me between Elizabeths' legs and took over the licking and fingering. As she bent forward, I could see her expose her pink pussy lips. I was hard again and moved behind her. My cock had stiffened again and slid easily into her wet slit, the lips closing around my shaft much as Elizabeth's had. I thrust in and out and watched as she licked and rubbed Elizabeth.

In a blur we rubbed and fingered and bounced and moaned. I started to cum, and I felt Laura's lips grasp me tighter and she thrust herself on me. Elizabeth arched and began to emit a low moan. We were three coming as one.

We cleaned up a bit and made a little small talk as we got dressed. I turned to Laura and asked "you want to go grab a beer at the pub?" She smiled and said she would. I looked back at Elizabeth who had a glow from more than the sunlight from the window. She looked at us and said "Don't even ask...I don't fraternize with students. In public." With that we all three laughed and the lovely Spring weekend started.