 I came home early from work that day. The headache had been so bad I couldn’t handle it. The pain was so bad, I was crying by the time they told me to leave. Julia, the girl who sits across from me, took her lunch break and drove me home.

I closed the blinds and cranked up the air as soon as I was in the door, tossing my jacket across the arm of your chair. I undressed in the dark and crawled into bed, loving the feel of the sheets against my skin.

I must have dozed off, I didn’t even hear you come home. Suddenly there was a weight on the edge of the bed as the sheets were pulled away and you slid in beside me. The nap did a lot of good, most of the headache was gone by then. I purred softly, fitting myself against your body as you pulled me close, your arm wrapped possessively around my waist.

Your breath tickled my ear as you whispered my name. “Another headache?” I nodded just a little, wincing as the motion brought a stab of pain. You pulled away, pushing at my back so that I would stretch on my stomach. Your hands were gentle as you massaged my shoulders and moved up to my temples. It felt so good, and the last of the pain just washed away.

I couldn’t help but get turned on. You were so gentle, so tender. With a soft purr I rolled around, pulling your hands down to my waist, thanking you with a kiss. You hesitated for a moment, wanting to make sure it was okay, knowing that sometimes with the headaches, the slightest thing can bring them back. I trailed kisses along your jaw line up to your ear to whisper “I love you.”

You smiled teasingly as you got out of bed, leaving your clothes in a trail toward the stereo. I just closed my eyes, knowing that you would be back before long. I still don’t know what it was that you put in, something soft, with an insistent pulse. It made me think of a rising passion. It was raw though, like desire. After a few moments it faded to be replaced by the sound of a rushing wind, crash of thunder. I almost expected to see a flash of lightning. I laughed a little, realizing you’d gotten the CD because of my fantasy, the one about thunderstorms…

I lost myself in the sounds for a while, not really noticing how long it was taking you to come back to me. I was content to wait, positive it would somehow be worth it. I was a little startled when finally I did feel your touch, pulling away the covers, tugging at my hand, pulling me out of bed. I asked, but you only smiled, pulling me toward the bathroom.

I could hear the sound of running water now, and a flicker of light as we got closer told me you had lit candles. The bathtub was the reason we’d decided on this place. It was a large sunken basin, more like a hot tub than a bathtub. Complete with bubbles and jets, self-heating, all we had to do was fill it. In the months since we had moved in, we’d never gotten around to trying it, but obviously that was about to change. You stepped in, tugging at my hand to follow. Once the door was shut, it was like being in a separate world. 

Steam was already beginning to fill the room, fogging the glass door, dimming the candlelight. You turned the knob so that water would come raining down on us, telling me to close my eyes. Again I lost myself for a few moments. I simply stood there under the water, listening to the sound of the storm coming from the stereo, catching the flicker of light through my closed eyelids. 

Then all that faded into the background as I felt you move up behind me. Your hands were slick with soap as you ran them over my body. Very thorough in making sure that I was clean, with just enough pressure to assure that I remained aroused. I couldn’t help but squirm just a little, but you stopped until I stood still. I pouted as you knelt in the bottom of the tub, washing even my feet, slowly making your way up both legs. I couldn’t help but be glad I had shaved that morning before work.

I had closed my eyes again, just enjoying the sensations. I couldn’t help but whimper slightly as one of your soapy hands ran along my mound. Two fingers opened those lips while a third calmly moved around. Rubbing soap around, brushing teasingly around the edges and across that little nub that brings me so much pleasure.

Your other hand was still working on my legs, and I had completely forgotten about it. Until I felt your thumb run along the outside edge of that other spot, my favorite spot, then slip inside. Another whimper escaped as your thumb moved around, you whispering something about making sure to wash everything. Soon it was replaced by two fingers as you slowly stood, never ceasing that “washing” motion as you reached up to pull the shower head off of its hook, letting the long hose brush across my stiff nipples as you moved it down.

My knees were getting weak, and I had to press one hand against the wall for support. You noticed, and laughed, kissing me quickly as you moved your hand, training the stream of water onto that spot. You wrapped one arm around my waist, holding me up as you held the shower head between my thighs, whispering in my ear that you wanted to make sure all the soap was washed away. 

I could feel your erection brush against my hip. I tried to reach for it, but you shifted so that it was pressing against my belly, trapped between our bodies. A moment later you were pressing me down onto the wide ledge along the outside of the tub. By now it was half full of water, you laid the showerhead on a shelf as you turned the knob to fill the tub completely.

I watched you curiously, reaching out with one foot to brush my toes against your erection. You managed a look that almost was stern as you pulled away, then moved forward. Your hands pinned my thighs, pushing them open, using either thumb to pull my lips open as I lost view of your face. Your tongue was hot as it flicked across that nub causing me to whimper again. Two fingers began probing, slowly sliding in and out as your tongue continued to torment me. I was torn between two urges, one to squirm, the other to thrust against your fingers. Neither could be satisfied without interrupting the other, so I forced myself to stay relatively still.

Your hair had fallen down into your eyes, tickling my thighs as you moved. I gently reached out to brush it back, smiling as you looked up at me. I trailed my fingers down your arms, no longer able to fight the urge to squirm, and back up to your shoulders. Your tongue moved down to replace your fingers as your hands moved around to pull me tight against your face. The first orgasm surprised me. I had been so lost in the sensations you were causing, I hadn’t noticed it building. It was so intense I dug my nails into your shoulders without noticing. Just as I started to relax, another came. You never paused, pulling me tighter against you, getting every last bit of what you called my honey.

Finally I pushed at your shoulders, begging you to stop, begging you to give me what I wanted. You asked what that was, and I whimpered, hating to say it, but knowing you wouldn’t unless I asked for it. “I want to feel you inside me.” You smiled, reaching back to turn off the water as the tub had filled, sitting on one of the seats. You smiled as you turned on the bubbles. “Now was that so hard?” I couldn’t help but giggle as you pulled me into the water, positioning me so that I straddled your thighs.

“I certainly hope it is.” You kissed me again, a long lingering kiss, as you positioned your erection just at my entrance. “Why don’t you check?” You asked as you thrust upward, pushing me down, burying your full length inside me. I couldn’t hold back a moan as another orgasm hit me. You kept your hands on my waist, holding me down as I squirmed on you. Your teeth were gritted as you warned me that I was going to make you come if I didn’t stop, and you were just getting started. I managed to bring myself under control, still fighting for breath as you kissed me.

You lifted your legs slightly as I pushed my feet under your thighs, locking my ankles, giving myself leverage as your hands on my waist slowly began to raise and lower me. It was pure torment as each time you raised me enough that just the tip remained inside, then slowly lowered me along your full length. 

My breasts brushed against your face each time until you turned enough to catch a nipple between your teeth. Sucking and nibbling until it was so tender as to be almost painful, then moving to the other. When that one was in the same state as its twin, you began trailing kisses up to my neck, biting down as you reached my shoulder, just at the curve of my throat. At the same time you bit, your hands pressed down hard, impaling me. Another moan escaped as you kissed me.

Beneath the water, the rhythm had changed. Still the torturous ascent until only the tip was inside, then the fast almost violent descent, jerking a moan from me each time the length was buried. Your eyes held mine, neither of blinking unless we had to. I rotated my hips just a little every time you were inside, adding sensation. I knew you were close, and now you weren’t fighting it. 

As you lifted me, I unlocked my ankles and pulled myself off completely. You made a soft growl of frustration, but I only smiled, pointing to where you had sat me earlier. You quickly caught on, moving, reaching for me. You know I love the way you taste.

I decided against teasing when I felt the tension as I closed my lips around the head, sucking, probing with the tip of my tongue. I could taste the pre cum already, and I wanted more. I gently massaged your sack with my fingers as I ran my tongue along the dark vein, then took you completely into my mouth. You whispered softly “I’m going to...” Just as I moved my other hand, taking your shaft and pumping quickly. It was all you needed, you exploded into my mouth. I was greedy, swallowing it all down, not stopping until I was absolutely sure you were done. 

You slid down into the water beside me, pulling me into your lap, kissing me. After a few minutes you pulled away and grinned at me. “So how’s your headache?”