 Mike & Karen

Disclaimer: All characters are 18 years of age or older while actively engaging in sexual activity. This story is a prequel/sequel (sprequel?) to my other work, Alex & Alexa. Reviews are welcome, flames will be snickered at and deleted with extreme prejudice. Enjoy!

Chapter I- And Then There Was You

 With a contented sigh, she stretched out in her sun chair, letting the rays kiss her skin. She hadn't been back more than two days, but now that everything had been worked out, she felt right at home again. Life was... bliss.

She felt her older sister's hand on hers, giving it a gentle squeeze. She turned her head to see Karen smiling lovingly at her, the contentment and relief obvious there, too. They had been parted too suddenly and too quickly. Never again.

"It's good to have you back, Alli," Karen said gently, meaning it with all her heart. "Don't ever scare me like that again."

"I'll try not to," Alexa replied, unable to imagine any other life now. Karen had said this exact same thing to her a hundred times already, but she was happy to assure her sister. "Hopefully my reaction wasn't that unreasonable."

"No, not at all," admitted the older sister. "The situation was awkward, to say the least. We'll chalk it up to family growing pains, alright? The De Bourne clan's had precious few of those."

"Hard to imagine, given how unique Alex is," giggled the gorgeous blonde girl, looking past her sister's sun chair to the pool, where the man she was in love with was swimming, while his titan father looked on, the two of them discussing Heaven knows what. "Although Mike seems to have spoken for all the growing, there might not be much left for anyone else."

"You have no idea," Karen said dryly. "Why're the good ones always unique?"

"So that the girls who're lucky enough to marry them can proudly say they've got what no one else can ever have." Alexa mused. "Admit it, you wouldn't have it any other way."

"Okay, you got me," Karen replied cheerfully, her hand still clasping her sister's as if she were afraid to let go. "Besides, another Gordon-Blackwell woman around is so very welcome to counter all that De Bourne male crazy."

"Pretty sure they'd say the opposite, but I like your theory better." Alexa sighed. "Are you certain the university will okay with all this? Alex and I, I mean."

"It'll take some getting used to," Karen answered. "But so long as you two keep it on the downlow, so that the faculty and board don't have to answer any awkward questions in the immediate future, Michael and I can absolutely convince them to look the other way."

"Very nice of them."

"They're big fans of you and Alex," Karen pointed out. "Even If you weren't aunt and nephew, most of them think you're the most perfect couple ever, as much as Michael and I."

"And are you really okay with it?" Alexa asked, her voice tinged with concern. The whole crisis was still fresh in her mind.

Karen smiled. "Yes, I genuinely am. It'll take some time to adjust to it, but it's perfectly obvious how desperately in love you both are. I can't stand in the way of that and, more to the point, I don't want to. Just take it easy on me for a bit, try to keep the wild sex noises down, okay?"

"I'll try, but no promises," Alexa giggled. "He knows how to make me yodel."

"He comes by that honestly," Karen muttered, looking at her oversized husband. "That bastard can have me speaking in tongues like a Pentecostal congregation in no time."

"Oh, like you're complaining," laughed the blonde. "And you're thinking a wedding in Paris?"

Karen smiled. "You can't get married here, avunculate marriage is still illegal. There are some American states that allow it, but that just feels hillbilly to me. The two of you getting married in Paris certainly appeals. I love Europe, so my son marrying my baby sister is as good an excuse as any to head over."

"Guess you and Mike had it easy from that point of view." Alexa mused. "Were there any complications?"

"Oh, a number of them, initially, mostly on the part of the Blackwell family."

Alexa raised an eyebrow. "Really? Dad's family?"

Karen nodded. "Patrician blue-bloods, horrified that their precious girl was crazy about some bohemian giant of no name or lineage. They thought he would be a bad influence on me."

Alexa smiled wryly. "There's gotta be a story behind this. I need to know."

"Fair enough," Karen said, turning on her side to face her sister, her ample cleavage almost spilling out of her tiny bikini. For a woman in her forties, Karen was still gorgeous. Her auburn hair and amber-flecked eyes glinted in the sun. "I don't think we've ever really told Alex the whole story either. How about we remedy that?"

Karen called over her husband and her son, who exited the pool and approached. Even now, Alexa smiled to herself and shook her head- she'd never get used to exactly how big these two men were, especially her brother-in-law, who was a full head taller than his son and maintained a sculpted bodybuilder's physique, impressive at any age, forget for a man in his late forties.

"Alli expressed some interest in how we met," Karen said, looking at her husband. "I thought we'd regale her with the full and sordid details."

Mike grinned. "Only fair, given how much we've found out about the two of them recently," he replied, making Alex look at his feet and Alexa blush slightly. "I'll get some beers and wine. How about the living room?"

Karen nodded and stood, followed by her younger sister. "Let's put on some robes and meet the boys, shall we?"

The quartet re-covened in the living room, having dried off and the women putting on robes, perhaps an allowance to modesty for the time-being. Mike sat on the long chesterfield, while Karen laid on it, her feet in her lap. She sipped at her zinfandel while he took a long pull on his stout. He'd brought extra bottles, knowing this conversation would not end soon.

For her part, Alexa sat on the loveseat, holding a glass of merlot. Alexa sat on the other end. His mother shot him a wry look.

"Why are you all the way over there, Casanova?" she asked. "We know about your incest, remember? Have you suddenly decided you don't love your aunt any more?"

"Oh. Sorry," Alex said, realizing his mistake and moving closer to his aunt, who giggled and turned to put her feet across him. "Force of habit, y'know."

"Only too well, you little thespian, you," Karen said dryly. "Can't believe you, of all people, had me fooled so completely. Or your father."

"Aren't you supposed to be giving Alexa and I some big reveal about how this crazy family came to be?" Alex asked, hoping to take the spotlight off himself.

"Fair enough," Karen mused. "So, dear, where shall we begin?"

Mike considered. "A little background about each of us before we met, I surmise. Why don't you start?"

Karen nodded. "Well, as I've told you, Alex, and as mom no doubt told Alli, a cadet branch of the Gordon clan hailed from the Maritimes, spread through la bell provence and into the interior, even the west coast. Your ancestor, George Gordon, founded the 92nd Gordon Highlanders, even fought with Wellington at Waterloo. Offered him beans to eat as they got charged by Napoleon's Old Guard, is the rumour."

"Oh, cool!" Alex said, grinning as he caressed Alexa's feet.

"With a few exceptions, the families were rather successful and of patrician stock, a trait we kept alive for generations since our arrival in the new world, mostly with the railroad and distilling spirits. Last generation, they married the Blackwells of Toronto, a wealthy English family with business interests in Europe and Asia as far back as the mid-eighteenth century."

Alexa nodded. "Mom, the Gordon and dad, the Blackwell."

Karen then smiled at her husband her husband. "By contrast, the de Bourne family was a little tribe of oversized Normans located in the backwoods of northern Ontario. While by no means inbred hillbillies, they were of no particular note, either."

"Ouch." Alexa said, making a wry face.

Mike shrugged. "It's true. I was the only person of my generation, or the previous one, to go to university. After an initial year at a local college, I was awarded a full scholarship and headed south toward civilization to find my fame and fortune."

"Yes, you were attending some horrid little Cambrian-era thing, if memory serves." Karen mused.

Mike shot her a look. "It was Cambrian College, and you know it. When they realized they didn't have the facilities or courses I yearned for, they transferred me with full equivalency. So, it was in our second year that I met Karen. She'd already been there at the university for a year when I showed up."

"So, this was what, the eighties?" Alexa queried.

"Mid-eighties," Karen answered. "We both had such good grades that we skipped Grade 13 and headed straight through OAC to university on scholarships. Even if I hadn't graduated summa cum laude, my family's endowments to the institution would have assured me a place. Battle Mammoth here, on the other hand, had to rely on intellect and charm alone. His family, as I mentioned earlier, was of no means or account."

"That's so hard to picture," Alexa mused, looking at her brother-in-law.

"They're the nicest people, make no mistake, and I love them as much as I love our Gordon-Blackwell family. More, probably." Karen mentioned. "I'm happy to be a de Bourne, although you never would have known it back in the day..."

***

The pub was raucous, as was usually the case just about every night. Tuesdays were, however, especially loud and cacophonic, because the university students who frequented the establishment came in scores to participate in karaoke. The throngs clapped and laughed while people butchered classic songs and recent favourites.

Karen sat at one of the tables, conscious to not put her arms on the sticky surface. She was sitting with three friends, girls she had bonded the previous semester semester and were her family-away-from-family. They all lived in the same dorm now. The three of them were drinking shots, although Karen had resolutely stuck to a craft beer. She'd considered asking for wine, but was afraid it might show up in a can and quickly nixed the idea.

"How come you never get up and sing, Karen?" Lisa asked, sitting next to her. "I happen to know you've got an amazing voice."

"If they're one tenth as amazing as her tits, then she sounds like Jess Goddamn Norman!" laughed Mona, leaning in and subtly giving one of Karen's pronounced breasts a squeeze. The auburn-haired girl sighed and ignored the molestation. This was her little social rebellion against her blueblood upbringing, which was never a bad thing.

"I've told you all before," she said simply, pausing in taking a swig of her beer. "If and when I feel the urge to humiliate myself, I'll get up there and sing. You all know me, I do things as I please."

"Or who you please," giggled Janet. "Your family'd die if they saw you out here like this, hob-nobbing with us plebs."

"Not a disagreeable thought," Karen admitted, smiling. But then she winced as the girl up on the stage singing shrilled out a note so off-key and sharp that Karen was sure her beer glass would break. She shook her head to clear away the noise and sighed while her friends laughed. "Although this is a steep price to pay, most assuredly."

"I'd say don't get your panties in a bunch, but I doubt you're wearing any!" quipped Lisa, winking at her. They were roommates and casual lovers, a fact that would cause her entire family, except for her mother, to have a stroke. Her mother was a complete aberration from the rest of the Gordons, almost a hippie, who let Karen grow up as she pleased. The rest of the family certainly had their influence on her upbringing, but she was her own person, without question. And she had her mom to thank for that.

Miranda Gordon, her mother, belonged to the prominent Gordon family, that had been distilling whiskey and other spirits for over a hundred years, along with helping build the transcontinental railroad. She had been married to Jonathon Blackwell, eldest son of the prominent Blackwell family. Recently they had branching out into modern fields of industry. Rigid patricians though they might have been, they certainly had an acute grasp of the effect computer technology would have in the coming generations. Jonathon Blackwell was making obscene amounts of money developing mainframes and integrated motherboards.

The nuptial arrangements had been quite specific, allowing both families to come out ahead- the first child would carry the surname Gordon. Any that followed would all be Blackwells, essentially a cadet branch of the already-burgeoning family.

Miranda Gordon may have acquiesced to the marriage, but both families knew that she was not going to be controlled. The youngest of four children, she had always been rebellious and a free spirit. Her time in college in the 60's had only intensified this trait in her. Remarkably intelligent, she could speak, read and write French, Arabic and Russian and had an unusually profound grasp of philosophy and international relations, not to mention being an accomplished artist. She clearly had no intention of becoming a railroad or IT magnate, and while she enjoyed drinking the spirits that her family's distilleries made, there was no future for her there, either.

Miranda, named for the character in The Tempest, was a hippie and activist through and through. It was only her marriage to Jonathon Blackwell and the announcement of her pregnancy that kept her from joining the volatile political movements that were rocking the western world at the time. Karen was born and Miranda's devotion to her role of mother was total. While her daughter would prove a remarkable intellectual with a haughty patrician air, she was always fiercely independent like her mother. Few people changed Karen's mind with advice, none ever did by force.

Karen would prove adept at in many fields, although her passions seemed to be computer science and applied physics, and it was into this last field that she took a full scholarship, having graduated from one of the best academies for young women in the country a full year early. Her appetite for knowledge was voracious, something her roommate Lisa would come to understand was matched only by her sex drive.

"I still can't believe I'm lucky enough to have you as a roomie," Lisa now mused, tracing her fingernail over Karen's hand as they sat at the tiny pub table. "I mean, shouldn't you have your own house or dorm or something? Not like your family can't afford it."

Karen shrugged. "I've spent my whole life cloistered away from the public, I wanted something different. My family offered to rent a house just off-campus for me, but I told them that wasn't happening unless I got to fill it with my friends, who would live there rent-free. They agreed to do that if I aced all my courses this year."

"But you are acing all your courses," Mona pointed out. "We could all be in a house right now? What's the hold-up?"

"They don't believe I have any friends." Karen replied, taking a drink from her glass while her companions burst out laughing. The little bar was getting more crowded, which, in a sense, offered them more privacy as they sat in their little corner, practically a world unto itself. Which suited Karen just fine.

"You said you had all sorts of friends back in school," Janet remarked, sipping at her drink. "I mean, okay, more sex partners than friends, but still, doesn't that count?"

"I considered the girls at school more to be associates than friends," replied the auburn beauty. "Most of them I found painfully dull and pedestrian."

"Ouch," Janet protested. "No offence, Kar, but not everyone can be born into blueblood homes. That doesn't make us dull."

"I couldn't agree more," Karen said, smiling at her friend. "You three are my best friends on this entire planet full of awkward meat-bags and I get down on my knees and thank the Lord for you every morning. You're all very special to me and very special as people."

She looked at Mona. "You're trying your damndest to break into the world of animation. We've all seen your work, you're amazing. You're like Joy Batchelor and Lotte Reineger all rolled into one cute-as-a-button package."

"Thanks," Mona said, blushing. "But why the Hell do you even know who those women are? I barely know who they are and I've taken the courses!"

"You're my friend, it's my privilege to know things about you," Karen replied. "And what sort of dolt would I be if I hadn't seen Animal Farm at least once?"

She turned to look at Janet. "You're going to be a great business lawyer one day. I've already told my father's family to keep an eye on you."

She smiled warmly at her roommate and clasped her hand. "And where would I be without Freckles? You don't just keep me warm at night, you know. Sociology and women's rights are so important, now more than ever."

The slender redhead blushed sheepishly. Karen was the first woman she'd been with and it was only upon becoming her lover that she realized she was a lesbian. She could never stop thanking this remarkable young woman for all she'd allowed her to realize about herself.

Karen smiled at them all, making them forget the raucous bar they were in. They were in their own microcosm, four best friends. They all held one another's hands, ignoring the churning wall of humanity around them.

"We're not trail-blazers, ladies, but we can proudly carry the torches other have passed on," she said, her voice carrying a wondrous tone that made them feel like revolutionaries. "Women like us can make sure that women of the future know-"

 "S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y night! S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y night! S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y night! S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y night!"

Interrupted and drowned out by the sudden loud chanting, Karen paused and looked up at the throng, her eyebrow raised in annoyance. People were clapping and chanting along with someone on the karaoke stage.

"What the Hell is that racket?" she muttered.

"It's the Bat City Rollers, Kar, you know that." Mona replied. "Song's over ten years old. I guess we're going retro."

"Just as well," Karen sighed. "There's only so many times a girl can listen to Whitney Houston and Duran Duran songs in one night."

"Speak for yourself, princess." Janet laughed, standing up from her seat to clap in time with the crowd.  "Gonna keep on dancin' to therock and rollOn Saturday night, Saturday nightDancin' to the rhythm in ourheart and soulOn Saturday Night, Saturday nightIIIII just can't wait,IIII got a dateAt the good ol' rock and roll roadshow, I gotta goSaturday Night,Saturday NightGonna rock it up, roll it upDo it all, have a ball,Saturday Night,Saturday NightIt's just a Saturday NightIt's just a Saturday NightIt's just a Saturday Night!"

"Ohhhhh myyyyy God..." Janet breathed, staring. "You guys have to see this."

Lisa and Mona both stood immediately, to see what Janet was on about. Karen glanced up at her companions for a moment before sighing and standing as well. It may have been undignified, but what good was said dignity if you stood out like a stubborn sore thumb?

Up on the stage was quite possibly the largest man she'd ever seen, all muscles and unruly, golden blond hair. Ice-blue eyes flashed joyously out of the handsome face with the strong jaw. Stretched across his massive chest was a t-shirt with some absurd logo, a round red field with a stylised black predator cat head in the center. He was wearing tartan pants that could only have been described as a Buchannan tantrum.
