 From internet chat to an encounter in the flesh

Mike watched Becca walk out the room, her perfect arse wiggling as she went. She stopped at the door and turned, knowing his eyes would be on her.

Even though he'd just cum his cock twitched slightly at the sight of her. Around 5' 4'' she had shapely pert tits, probably a 32C he reckoned. Her long dark hair cascaded over her shoulders covering one of her nipples but the other could be clearly be seen, erect, standing our from her pink areola. She still wore her suspenders and stockings as well as a knowing smile, and also a few splatters of his cum of her cute face.

"Don't go anywhere," she purred. 

He chuckled , "As if!" 

His cock twitched again as she wiped around her mouth and then licked her fingers. 

"I want some more of that," she said looking down at his cock. She swayed out, knowing full well the effect she was having on him.

Mike couldn't stop grinning as he lay on the bed, still amazed at the turn of events that had just led to one of the hottest experiences he'd had for a long time. And it was still just early afternoon!

He clearly remembered the Saturday afternoon when he'd first 'met' Becca. His girlfriend had gone out for the day to meet some friends, despite the fact that they'd barely spent any time together the previous week. He was a bit pissed off and more than a little horny so he'd been browsing a couple of porn sites, hoping to see some nice live sex to help while away the afternoon. 

As he was on his own he didn't have a cam on so was a bit surprised when he got a message.

"Hi, how's it going?" asked HotBecca84. 

"Not bad," he replied, "the missus is out, so I'm just browsing."

"Cool, my fella's at the football game and I'm bored."

There then followed a bit of flirty chat which he only half concentrated on as he browsed through the live cams but then she sent a pic across. It wasn't provocative at all, just one of her out with some mates but her sexy smile drew him in. It was as if she knew a secret that no one else did. The fact that she looked really hot helped but it was that smile that he would start to see in his dreams. 

"Wow."

"You like?" 

"Very much so, ur one foxy lady." (not the smoothest chat up in the world he realised messaging didn't allow for much eloquence!)

"TY :-)" was the reply 

They chatted and flirted a bit more and then Becca had to go but that was the start of a beautiful cyber relationship. 

Over the next few months they chatted fairly regularly. Mike worked away a lot and chatting to Becca certainly helped to pass many an evening stuck in a hotel room and she posted enough pics that he was pretty sure she was real and not some cyber freak. Each pic was hotter than the last, from her bent over wearing just a thong to a shot of her lying on a beech wearing a skimpy pink bikini. 

When she'd posted that she'd asked, 

"Do my pics get u hard?"

"Well I'm imagining rubbing lotion over that firm body and sliding my hand into that bikini so what do u think?!" 

"Stroke ur cock for me and describe what u want to do with me." 

Being a gentleman Mike obliged! He couldn't remember the last time he came that hard from a wank.

Pretty soon he was fantasizing about her when he was shagging his girlfriend. Imagining it was Becca's lips on his cock or her bent over in front of him, looking over her shoulder with a knowing smile as he pounded her from behind. It wasn't that his sex life was bad far from it, but somehow she'd got in his head. 

Then one night when they were in the middle of a bit of dirty chat and Becca said, 

"I want you here in the flesh so I can sit on that hard cock."

"Nothing I'd like more! ;-)"

"We'll have to meet," she said.

Slightly surprised but thinking it was part of the game Mike replied, "Well I'm working away in down south in a few weeks and staying there for the weekend. Come on down."

There was a long pause and the Becca typed,

"Not sure I can make it; it'll be difficult to get away."

Mike was a bit surprised, it seemed like she had really considered it! 

And then few days later he got a message. 

"I've sorted it out. I'm coming."

Mike's heart raced when he first read the words but then he calmed a bit. He certainly hoped she'd come down but didn't want to get his hopes up too much. It seemed too good to be true. But over the next week they chatted a few times more and Becca kept mentioning meeting up, even going so far as to tell Mike that she'd bought a new set of sexy undies. This was on top of the stockings and suspenders and a pink thong that she also discussed in great detail! 

By this time Mike was working down south and as he was working there for a couple of weeks he'd had work book a self contained flat. It worked out a bit cheaper and it was pure coincidence that it was also ideal for a dirty weekend! As the week progressed every evening he wondered would she really turn up? Whilst he hoped she would realistically he didn't expect it - these things didn't happen in real life did they? 

Friday night came around and after a long day working Mike was in the shower and playing through possible scenarios in his head up. There was a full size mirror opposite the shower and as he caught site of himself Mike grinned. 

Regardless whether Becca turned up he'd do his best to make sure he had company in here tomorrow! He was still in good nick. 5'10" but with broad shoulders and whilst not as cut as he'd been a few years ago he still had well defined muscles and hadn't gone to seed like a lot of his mates.

Whilst his cock might not get him the starring role in a porn film he'd never had a complaint about it! He could comfortably get one hand on top of the other on it as he wanked and it was thick enough that some ladies could only just get their hand around it and they had to be pretty good to get all of him in their mouths. All in all he was still a pretty good catch! He went out that evening, had a few beers and then an early night, nerves and excitement gone - whatever happened would happen. 

And then it was Saturday. Mike had given Becca the name of a pub just round the corner from where he was staying so they could meet safely and suggested they meet at 12.30. He also passed on his mobile number. He'd not had a reply to that which probably wasn't a good sign! He finished a bit of work on his laptop in the morning and then started reading, pretending that he wasn't watching the clock. 12 pm passed, then 1pm and then it got to half past.

"Oh well, it always seemed too good to be true," he thought and decided to head out for some food. Then his phone buzzed. A text was there from an unknown number.

"I'm here."

Mike's heart raced. Could it be true?! He left the left flat and walked across to the pub and there she was! She was sat at a table smiling the smile he dreamed about. She was wearing a long coat, unfortunately done up to keep out the chill February weather so he couldn't see her figure. She was wearing a pair of kick ass boots and nylons (tights or stockings?!). 

He couldn't remember what they talked about for the next 30 minutes. They started with inconsequential things such as "Bad traffic, I can't believe you came, and you look great," and then just seemed to click. Becca seemed at ease so after they'd finished their drinks Mike suggested they go and grab some food and asked if Becca wanted to dump her bag at the flat. This was it - would she agree to stay?

"Cool, I could do with freshening up and I want to change out of this coat. It was raining when I left home." 

Just a few minutes later they were in the flat. "Bathrooms there, chuck me your coat and I'll hang it up. I'll put your bag in here out the way," Mike said as he headed into the bedroom.

He turned to grab her coat and paused, absolutely gobsmacked. The coat was on the ground and Becca was stood there wearing a lace bra, black thong, stockings, suspenders, the boots and nothing else! She'd been sat in the pub like that (and as Mike later found out she had driven from the last motorway services wearing just that, with her coat wide open)! 

The pics he'd seen just didn't do her justice. She was toned but still curvy and totally as hot as hell. His cock stiffened instantly. 

"I'd ask if you liked what you see but I think I can guess the answer," she said grinning as she stared at the now very visible bulge in Mikes' trousers.

"Fuck me!" he exclaimed in amazement.

Moving towards him with a sway to her hips Becca said "I intend to!"

As she came towards him Becca was already reaching for his belt, "you're too overdressed mister!"

She undid the buckle as Mike chucked his jacket off. By the time he had his T-shirt over his head she had her hand inside his trousers and had gripped his cock. Mike shivered slightly at her touch. Deciding to take control a bit he stepped back slightly so he could pull his jeans and socks off. He paused as he drank in the view.

Dark hair cascading over her shoulders, the tops of her breasts were visible above the lace bra, and he could clearly see her erect nipples through the thing gauze. She was trim, without being skinny, she had her belly button pierced and he could see a tattoo stretching across her hip. Her legs where slightly apart and he could make out the curve of her lips through her thong, suggesting she was shaven. The boots just set off the whole effect perfectly. If it was possible his cock got even harder from just drinking in her beauty for a couple of seconds. 

She seemed like she was about to say something but Mike stepped forward and kissed her gently on the mouth with a hand pushing her hair to the side and caressing her neck. They kissed long and deep and he felt her shudder under his hand.

Their tongues caressed and then pushed harder against each other as their passions rose, moving with more urgency as the kiss went on. Her hand was on his chest. She ran her fingers through his hair, feeling the firm muscle of his pecs then she moved her hand up and across his shoulder and arm. 

Mike pulled her closer, his other hand starting at the top of her shoulder and then moving down her back, stroking her as he pulled her against him. His every nerve seemed heightened. He could feel the fabric of her bra against his chest, the skin of their stomachs met as he pulled her in. 

His cock by now was upright and the head stuck out above his boxers and he felt it touch the cold metal of her belly button piercing. His hand was on her arse now feeling the firm flesh, touching her skin as the thong left most of it exposed; they still kissed urgently, pushing hard into each other. 

Then Mike broke the kiss, they both stood slightly out of breath as if they'd been running, staring into each other's eyes knowing something special was happening. There didn't seem a need for words. Mike bent down slightly and picked her up, she gasped in surprise as he turned and sat her on the desk in the corner. He pulled her to the edge and bent in to kiss her again. Her legs hooked behind his back as she pulled him in to grind the head of his cock against her pussy, all that was between them was the thin fabric of her knickers. 

He moved to kiss her neck (unzipping her boots as he did so - they looked sexy as hell but he was worried about those heels and his bare flesh!) his hands moving along the sides of her breasts, across her stomach and round her back. He then moved one hand to cup her breast, gently squeezing and toying with her nipple. Sliding his hand up her shoulder he moved the strap down so he could expose her breast and then he ran his mouth down her neck towards it, kissing, licking and gently nipping.

He played with her nipple between his lips and moved his mouth around it, alternating between kissing her tit and flicking her nipple with his tongue, his hand was on her other one stroking and caressing. She felt fantastic and judging from the way she pushed her tits towards him Becca liked it too!

She reached behind herself and undid the bra, exposing them both to his hungry eyes. He took the chance to pull his boxers down - hic cock now standing proud and free. She reached out with both hands and stoked him, teasing her nails along the underside of his shaft. "Nice," she said smiling.

Keeping control Mike moved back in, his hands moving across her tits and down her belly, his mouth following. (Her tattoo looked like it was Latin - sexy and a classical education?!) He pulled her to the edge of the desk and caressed the inside of her thighs, running his hands along her toned legs

Moving back up and nuzzling the thin fabric of her thong. She arched her back, whether inviting him or in pleasure Mike wasn't certain but he took the chance to slide her knickers down her legs and off. 

She was definitely fully shaven, he could clearly see her lips glistening and inviting. He moved his hand to caress them, feeling how moist she was, and gently rubbed her clit. She shivered and closed her eyes. He bent down closer to her and slid his fingers inside, kissing around her and then moving his tongue over her clit. She moaned. 

He pushed the tip of his tongue against her, gently moving across her hard bud. He curved his fingers towards him inside her moving his index finger, looking for her G spot. She moaned louder.

"Fuck yes," she panted

He kept his fingers there gently rubbing as his mouth teased and toyed with her clit, alternating between licking, flicking his tongue. She started to get more vocal and he could feel her muscles tense slightly so he moved to a regular motion with his tongue on her clit and his fingers rubbing. He lost track of time; 5 minutes, 10? He was lost in the moment and so was she. 

"Oh God, yes... yes, Mike," she shuddered.

Her hands where in his hair, pulling his head onto her. She moaned and writhed as she came. He lapped up her juices up and nuzzled into her. She pulled him up and looked deep into his eyes. 

"God I've been looking forward to that all morning."

Mike grinned, "Glad I could help!"

He then slowly pulled his fingers out of her pussy; she shuddered again in pleasure and looked on with a smile as he licked her juices off his fingers. 

"Your turn," she said, standing up and pushing him back onto the bed. She pushed at his chest firmly till he lay down. 

"Oh, hold on one second," Becca said as she reached into her bag and got out a packet of condoms. "We'll get around to these later," she said smiling.

She straddled him and rubbed her hands across his chest feeling his muscles beneath the wiry hair. He moved his hands up from her thighs across her sides and squeezed her tits but she grabbed his hands and held them down above his head. 

"You just lie there for now."

She leant forward and gave him a long lingering kiss. Her breasts tight against his body, His cock throbbed between them, pressing into her belly. She slowly started moving downwards, alternating between kissing his chest and moving her tits over him. He could fell her nipples rub across him and the soft feel of her flesh and caress of her hair.

His skin felt electric, her every touch resonating through his nerves. She was kissing and licking his belly, deliberately avoiding his hard dick it seemed, moving around it, only her hair briefly touching it.

She worked her way around to his thighs, stroking and kissing and then flicked her tongue over his balls. Mike moaned in pleasure. She took one in her lips, gently rolling and kissing it as she finally took hold of his cock. She moved her head up slowly, running her tongue over the base of his shaft. Once, twice. He involuntarily twitched at the sensation of her tongue on him. 

Becca moved her head back up to his stomach, gently biting him but this time she rubbed her tits across his balls and then nestled his cock in between them. She looked at him and smiled and then moved up and down slightly rubbing his dick in between her soft breasts. Pre-cum was oozing out of his cock but she seemed to like that, using her tits to spread it around to help him glide between them

He could feel her breath on his cock and while he was having a great time he willed her to just move it down. She kept going for a few seconds, knowing she was driving him wild and then she took him in her mouth. 

"Oh yeah," Mike breathed. 

She held the head of his cock in her mouth and moved her tongue around it. She had one hand at the base of his shaft slowly moving up and down, her hand just nicely encircling him. She alternated between deep movements of her head with gentle sucks and licks around his engorged head. Not settling into a rhythm just yet but teasing him and seeing what gave him pleasure. Pretty much everything she was doing to be honest! 

She moved her other hand to stroke his balls and occasionally would move her head to lick his sack and suck on his balls, moving her hand up and down the full length of his shaft as she did so. Rubbing her thumb across his end and spreading his pre-cum. She sat up slightly and put both hands on his cock, moving them both together, watching the pleasure evident in his face. 

Then she bent and took him deep into her mouth till there was only an inch or two of his shaft visible. She moved her head up and down, getting him deeper into her mouth every time and increasing the speed. 

The sensation was incredible. He'd had really good blow jobs in the past but this was amazing. She moved one hand onto his shaft that grabbed him and stoked in time with her head bobbing up and down. She paused occasionally but swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, never letting up with the pleasure. 

"That is fucking amazing," he gasped and if anything she moved deeper down onto him at the sound of his obvious pleasure and fully took him into her mouth. He was so close and moved his hand onto her shoulder to let her know but she just carried on. Sucking and pumping his hard cock till finally he came.

One burst, a second then another, she didn't take her head away and he kept cumming into her mouth. Finally he stopped spurting, it seemed like an age but had probably only been a second or two of one of the most intense orgasms he had ever had. She slowly moved her mouth away, gently stroking and licking him, smiling as he twitched in pleasure. He could see some of his cum on her chin and cheek from where she hadn't been able to swallow it all. 

"As good as you'd imagined?"

"Better!"

"There's more where that came from sweetie. Back in a minute."

She stood up and headed for the bedroom door grabbing something from her bag as she did. He watched her leave. 

"Don't go anywhere," she purred. 

He chuckled, "As if!"