 little late as he'd gone to the local equipment rental store and got them an impressive looking video camera, a tripod and a big light with a reflective silver umbrella around it. After last night's audition with Cindy had gone so well, Mike was determined to make things look a lot better for next time. He entered the lounge with all their new gear and found Stuart sitting on the couch with the phone in his hand and a big grin on his face.

"What's up dude?" asked Mike curiously.

"We've got an audition for tonight," said Stuart, grinning widely.

"Cool!" said Mike enthusiastically.

"Wanna know what the best part is?"

"What?"

"It's Lisa from the Pink Peach," Stuart told him, giving him the big thumbs up. The Pink Peach was the local lap dancing club that the two boys frequented on a number of occasions. Stuart had even got his first blowjob there on his twenty first birthday when all his mates had chipped in and paid one of the dancers to give him a little extra. Both the guys new Lisa, she was one of the more popular dancers there, with long straight brown hair, nice titties and the greatest ass in the world. Neither of them had actually gotten a lap dance from her as she was usually very popular and therefore very busy.

"Oh hell yes!" cried Mike putting down the camera gear and high-fiving Stuart. He sat down beside Stuart and read the piece of paper where Stuart had jotted down notes from the telephone conversation: 'Lisa, PINK PEACH!!, 32C-24-28, Lap Dancer! No movie experience'.

"Your turn to be camera-man tonight," said Stuart his dick already tingling in anticipation.

"Okay then bud," said Mike with a smile, "You remember pretty much how I did it?"

"Yeah, I'll manage."

"When's she get here?" Mike asked.

"'Bout thirty, thirty five minutes."

"Shit! We better get this camera set up then," said Mike. With that the two of them sprung into motion, added a few extra touches to their 'studio' and setting up the new camera to capture the action.

Within no time they had the place set up and their next 'audition' arrived. Stuart answered the knock at the door, opening it to reveal the familiar face (and body) of Lisa from the lap dancing club. Lisa was a tall brunette with the hottest, tightest, fittest body Stuart had ever seen. Lisa was dressed in a pair of skin tight blue hipsters that clung to her long legs and the magnificent globes of her shapely ass. She also wore a white blouse that was tied between her generous C-cup tits. Stuart almost died at the sight of her, she was majestic.

"Ahh, hello Lisa, please come in," stammered Stuart his tongue getting all tied up as he stared at her deep cleavage.

"Do I know you?" Lisa frowned as she followed Stuart into the lounge/studio.

"I don't think so," Stuart shook his head nervously, he stared at Lisa's ass as he followed her inside. He could see the top of her g-string poking above her low slung pants and he imagined that fantastic ass rubbing itself over his lap. "I'm Stuart Adkins, and the cameraman over there is Michael Thomas."

Lisa took as seat on the 'casting couch', "I just go by Lisa, no last name."

"That's right," nodded Stuart, "You're already in the adult entertainment industry aren't you?"

"Yep, I'm a lap dancer."

"Cool," replied Stuart, picking up his clipboard and pen and taking a seat beside Lisa. "Okay Lisa," he said, slipping into his role now, "The movie's called Bill & Ted's Excellent Orgy, it's a sexy spoof of the original."

"Okay, whatever," shrugged Lisa.

Stuart was a little flustered by her dismissive attitude, "Ahh.. I now have to ahhh.. ask you what you're willing to do on this movie," he stammered. "I umm..have a checklist around here.."

"I'll do anything," cut in Lisa.

"Anything?" Stuart repeated with a gulp.

"Sure," shrugged Lisa.

"Oh, okay then," murmured Stuart, that was most of his questioning out the window. "That means we have to do a screen test now then."

"Okay, no problem," nodded Lisa, "What do you want me to do?"

This part Stuart had planned. "Well, seeing as lap dancing is your area of expertise and we want to see the best of you I want you to lap dance for me and Mike on camera, and we can use that for your audition tape."

"Great," smiled Lisa, finally getting a little enthusiastic about things now. She stood up and turned to Mike. "Okay there big boy, set up that camera of yours and come and take a seat beside Stuart here on the couch."

Mike couldn't help but smile at Stuart's cleverness as he set the camera on record and made his way over to the couch beside Stuart, his crotch tingling at the thought of a free lap dance from the best lap dancer in the city.

"Can I get some music please?" asked Lisa as she rolled her shoulders to warm up a little.

"Sure thing," nodded Stuart, grabbing the stereo remote from the table beside him and hitting play. Def Leppards 'Pour Some Sugar On Me' blasted out immediately. 

Lisa paused for a moment, listening to the beat of the music. "Okay," she said at last, nodding her head in time with the song, "I can work with this." With that she threw her arms up above her head and then dropped her whole body into an undulating dance, rolling with the throb of the rock song. Mike and Stuart were immediately still in their seats, their eyes glued to Lisa's rolling hips and thrusting chest. She definently seemed to have earned her reputation as the best dancer at the Pink Peach, and here the two boys were getting a private dance for free!

Lisa crossed her hands above her head, her hips still rocking erotically as she let her hands slide slowly down her body, caressing the lush curves of her breasts and hips. She then spun around her lovely ass towards the boys as she bent forward, thrusting her buttocks at them as she looked back between her legs.

Stuart gave an enthusiastic wolf whistle, Lisa smiled at him in response through her legs and then straightened up, turning and strutting towards him. Lisa paused just in front of Stuart, just out of reach, and resumed her sexy, undulating dance. When the song hit a sudden drum clash Lisa kicked her leg out towards Stuart's groin. He jumped back in the couch in surprise, thinking she had realized what they were up to and was retaliating, but Lisa's skillful kick stopped inches short of doing him an injury, her long heel jabbing into the seat of the couch. Stuart swallowed nervously as Lisa's foot rolled forward, her toes pressing into his hard crotch. Lisa smiled encouragingly and gestured for him to take her shoe off, licking her lips seductively.

Stuart's worried expression turned to a grin as he took off her shoe, stroking his hands up and down her firm calf as he did so. Lisa then briefly pressed her bare foot into Stuarts throbbing erection before she stepped back down and kicked out between Mike's legs. Even though Mike had seen what she had done and knew what was coming he still jumped back in surprise as her high heel shot between his legs with frightening speed and accuracy. Lisa then leaned forward towards Mike and pulled his head into her chest, rubbing her breasts across his face through the blouse she wore. Mike lifted his hands to the side of her full tits, squeezing them as he rubbed his face around her cleavage, wishing that it was her bare breasts he was sampling, although he would no doubt get his chance at that soon enough.

Lisa drew back from Mike's busy hands, the song building up to a climax as she reached down and began unbuttoning the front of her trousers, standing just out of the two guys reach. Lisa shot Stuart a seductive smile and bent forward, giving them an excellent view down the front of her blouse as she peeled off her pants. She straightened up, standing before them in her knotted blouse and a skimpy g-string. Lisa paused for a few seconds letting the two men take in the spectacular sight of her lace covered crotch and long legs before she bent her knees, thrust her hips and rocked back into her sexy strutting dance. As she turned away from them both boys gasped in awe at the sight of her fabulous ass, perfectly framed by the tiny g-string she wore. Mike had thought they'd got lucky with Cindy's lovely ass, but Lisa's dancers body was something out of this world!

Lisa strutted forward and turned away from them, bending forward to look back between her long legs, the position displaying her ass to breathtaking effect. She shot Stuart an enticing look, licking her top lip slowly and seductively as she reached up and patted the cheek of her ass invitingly. Stuart didn't need to be told twice, he leant forward and slapped her offered ass a couple times and then gave one buttock a hungry squeeze.

As Lisa moved away from Stuart the song changed to the next track, this one was a heavier rock song by Metallica. Lisa swaying in front of them as she took in the song transition, then moved forward and straddled Mike's lap. Lisa began to grind her hips down onto Mike's lap, his hands sliding up her thighs to cup her perfect ass as he g-string clad pussy rubbed against his throbbing crotch. Lisa smiled down at Mike and then slowly reached up between her breasts to where her blouse was knotted. Without stopped her humping on his lap she untied the blouse and pulled it open wide, displayed her large C-cup tits. Mike moaned at the mouthwatering sight, humping up off the couch against her as she rode him. His hands slid up from their position on her ass to cup and squeeze her firm tits, enjoying the way they filled his hands.

Before he could get too frisky Lisa drew back off his lap, pushing his eager hands away from her tits as the topless brunette danced away from him. Lisa quickly made her way in front of Stuart, turning her back to him as she sat on his lap, her spectacular ass pressing into his groin. Stuart groaned as Lisa leant back and pressed her body against him, she took hold of his hands and lifted them to her tits which he eager began to squeeze and knead. The gorgeous lap dancer let him grope her huge breasts for a few moment longer before she slid down his body towards the floor. Lisa went to her knees with her head resting back in Stuart's lap before she spun around so that her face was pressed into his crotch. Stuart moaned in surprise, not sure what to do, this was certainly the most intimate lap dance he'd ever had, most strippers barely let him touch their tits.

Lisa shook her head around, rubbing her face in Stuart's lap. She then pressed her lips against the outline of Stuart's hard cock, kissing him through his pants. With one finger she traced the line of his cock against his zipper, and then she was gone, back up in the center of the room, dancing in time with the music. She then hooked her thumbs inside the band of her g-string and pulled it out from her body, teasing the two guys with a brief flash of her pussy.

"You want me to go all the way?" she asked them over the music.

"Yes!" Stuart and Mike both said together without hesitation.

Lisa smiled wicked and her pink tongue flicked out to lick her lips. "Okay boys, here it comes!" with that she peeled off her g-string, revealing the neatly trimmed bush of her pubic mound. She stepped one foot out of her panties and with the other, kicked them over to Mike. Mike caught the skimpy piece of lace and took a deep sniff, never once taking his eyes off the dancing form of Lisa.

The naked dancer moved in front of Stuart once again and settled herself down on his lap, this time facing towards him. Stuart grinned, his hands sliding up her thighs to reach around and squeeze her ass as Lisa ground her pelvis down onto his lap, his rock hard erection pressing against her bare pussy through his trousers. With her hips and ass grinding against him faster and faster he pulled her upper body against him, happily burying his face between her big breasts. The feel of her ample soft tits pressed against his face was incredible and Stuart hunched up off the couch a bit, dry humping his groin against Lisa's sliding pussy.

He felt close to explosion, but before he did Lisa climbed off his lap and moved into a similar position over Mike's bulging crotch. Stuart gave a small whimper of frustration and rubbed his painfully hard cock through his pants. Lisa smiled over her shoulder at Stuart as she rubbed her fantastic ass across Mike's lap and let him suck on her nipples. As she continued to ride Mike hard Lisa didn't stop looking back at Stuart. She rose her fingers to her lips seductively and then sucked on the tip of one, sliding it in and out of her mouth as if it was a cock she was sucking.

It was all too much for Stuart, he gave a groan of lust and then unzipped his pants, pulling out his hard cock and stroking it. Lisa smiled in delight as if she had been waiting for this and climbed off Mike, dropping to her knees in front of him and planting a kiss on his cock through his trousers before she crawled over towards Stuart on her hands and knees.

The stunning brunette pried off Stuart's fingers and took his throbbing cock in her soft hand, stroking him up and down a few times. She bent forward and licked the tip of his cock, her tongue swiping up the smear of precum that had leaked out.

"Mmm," smiled Lisa, sitting back on her heels and staring up at Stuart. "So do I have the part?" she asked him, her hand on his cock squeezing slightly.

Stuart glanced over at Mike, as much as he wanted to say yes to this gorgeous creature, the truth was there was no part to be had. Mike shook his head firmly.

"I'll make it worth your while," Lisa murmured softly, her face only inches from his penis.

Stuart could feel her breath on his aching cock, God how he wanted to say yes! "We can't say yes yet but after your performance tonight you're a sure thing," said Stuart, trying to remember what Mike had said to Cindy earlier, but that had been AFTER she'd sucked his dick, not while she was teasing him like this.

"Are you sure I don't have the part?" purred Lisa, she rubbed the head of his cock across her closed lips.

Stuart groaned in frustration, "I'm sure you will," he said, desperately trying to think of a way to make her suck his cock.

Lisa slowly licked his testicles, "I bet you'd like me to suck your cock big boy."

"Oh God yes!" moaned Stuart.

"I can deep throat you know?" Lisa told him seductively, she then swiped her tongue up the entire length of his shaft from balls to tip. "Would you like to shove your cock into my mouth, all the way to the base?"

"Yes!"

"Would you like to fuck my mouth with your big cock?"

"Yes! Oh fuck yes!" Stuart couldn't believe how worked up she had got him.

"If you give me the part I'll suck your cock so hard you'll be coming for a week." With that Lisa stood up, pecked him on the cheek, scooped up her clothes and left their apartment without another word.

Stuart sat their stunned for a moment, then he suddenly dashed to the bathroom to jerk off and relieve the unbelievable pressure Lisa had built up in his cock.

Mike sat there on the couch, grinning as he took in what had just occurred. That was just nasty, poor old Stuart. He was about to go jerk off himself as well when the phone rang.

"Hello?" he said, picking up the receiver. As he answered Stuart came out of the bathroom, that had been quick, Mike thought to himself.

"Is that Sticky Situations?" asked the voice on the other end of the line.

Shit! Mike kicked himself for forgetting, but strangely it was a male voice on the phone. "Yes?" he replied dubiously.

"Great," said the voice, "My name's Damien Hamilton, I'm an agent for a number of actresses and I have someone who's interesting in the role you advertised in the paper."

Mike paled, an agent meant a professional actress, which meant their little casting couch game could be blown. "Ahh okay," murmured Mike, trying to stall for time while he thought of what he should do, "What's the actresses name?"

"Stacey Valentine."

Mike almost dropped the phone in surprise.

"Hello are you there?" asked the agent after a moment's silence.

"Ahh yeah, sorry.." stammered Mike, "Could you please repeat that, for some reason I thought you said Stacey Valentine."

"I did. Is that a problem?"

"Ahh," stammered Mike. Stacey Valentine? Was this guy for real? Surely not. "Ahh…No, that's not a problem. Not a problem at all."

"Good," said the voice, "Stacey's very keen to be involved in your film."

"She is?" said Mike in surprise. If Stuart hadn't of been in the room with him he would have suspected a prank, but no one else knew they were doing this. "Umm..does Miss Valentine realise this is a rather..umm.. how shall I put it..low budget film."

"Yes of course," said the agent. "Stacey's keen to go back to her roots and do an independent low budget movie. She feels she's lost touch with where she came from and she's picked your movie to regain this realism."

"I see," said Mike. This guy was probably lying but if he wasn't then this was the chance of a lifetime and Mike wasn't prepared to mess it up. "Well Miss Valetine can come by for an audition tomorrow afternoon if that suits her."

"An audition?" repeated the agent incredulously, "Did I hear you correctly? Did you say you want The Stacey Valetine to audition for your low budget sex movie?"

"Umm..yes?" Mike stammered uncertainly.

"Out of the question!" snapped the man, "If you want an audition tape go to the local video store I'm sure you'll find plenty of samples of Stacey's work. Did I mention that Stacey will only be paid minimum union rates for this film? Now do you want her or not?"

"Yes, of course, sorry I wasn't thinking," replied Mike immediately.

"Good. Now when does filming begin?"

"Arrr..Monday."

"Good, Stacey will be there."