 Rebecca was early. She called his cell phone to see if they were still meeting. He assured her they were. He had hit traffic but was almost there. Her stomach was doing somersaults thinking about the night ahead of her. She was nervous, yet excited at the same time. She had known Mike for about a month now. They had emailed and talked regularly. She had joined an on line dating service, never really intending to meet anyone, just to see what was out there. She met Mike and they had hit if off immediately. He wasn't like most of the guys on there who had sent her pictures of their cocks and asked if she was ready to suck it. 

They had chatted at first, learning a bit about each other. Then had exchanged pictures and talked on the phone. Finally they had webcamed, Rebecca watching him as he stroked his cock and cumming all over his big hands for her. It didn't take her long to decide to meet him. She felt comfortable with him. 

And tonight, they were going to meet for the first time. She looked at herself again in the visor mirror. Minimal make-up, artfully applied, not a hair out of place. She hoped Mike liked her. Without even meeting yet, she hoped he would want to see her again.

Her pussy had been wet all day thinking about tonight. Hell, whenever she thought about him, she creamed her panties. She had been on edge all week waiting for today to get here. Her phone rang, startling her.

"Hello?"

"Rebecca, it's Mike."

"Hi."

"Hey, where are you parked, I'm pulling in now."

"In the back."

"Oh, hey, there you are."

Rebecca smiled nervously as his blue car rounded the hotel.

"Ok, let's hang up since I'm here." He said with a laugh.

Rebecca switched off her phone and climbed from her car. She watched him get out and walk around to greet her.

"Well, finally." He said, a big smile splitting his face.

"Hi." She managed, trying to fight the smile that always appeared when she was nervous.

"Nervous?"

"Very."

He held his hand out to her, "Hi Rebecca, I'm Mike M-"

Rebecca placed her small fingers over his lips.

"No last names."

He smiled and kissed her fingers.

"All right. How about a hello kiss then?" He leaned in close and brushed his lips against hers.

Rebecca kissed him quickly and pulled away.

"Come on, let's go get our room."

With a hand at her back, Mike guided her down the walkway, his hand dipping underneath her jacket to fondle her ass. Rebecca scooted away. Mike laughed.

"I'm glad you're tall." She said as they waited for the hotel clerk to appear. 

Rebecca took a moment to study him then. He was at least 6 foot, maybe taller. Broad shoulders and stocky, just how she liked her men. His head was smoothly shaven and a start of a goatee framed his mouth. His eyes were dark and smiling at her.

"You're tall too. Taller than I thought."

He got the card key and they walked silently to the room. Once inside, Mike took off his jacket and helped Rebecca with hers. The room was small. A large, king size bed filled it, leaving just enough room for a chair, table and TV stand.

"Still nervous?" 

"Yes."

"At any moment, if you feel this isn't right or you don't want to continue, just say so and it ends. Okay?"

Rebecca nodded. Mike moved to stand before her. His hands went to her hips as he lowered his head, his lips brushing over hers, again and again. 

"Kiss me Rebecca." He whispered against her lips.

Rebecca parted her lips and pressed them against his. They were warm and soft. She met his tongue with her own when it licked at her lips. Slowly, her hands crept up his chest and settled around his broad shoulders.

"Hmmmm." His mouth covered hers, over and over, the kiss deepening.

His hands went to her tits, kneading and squeezing, his thumbs rubbing over her hard nipples. His hands traveled down her sides and around her back to the low riding waist band of her slacks. His fingers dipped inside to skim her satin panties.

"Rebecca." He said pulling back and looking down at her.

"Yes?"

"I want to see your tits."

Rebecca smiled and reached for the hem of her shirt. With Mike's help, she pulled it free. His big hands covered her large tits, encased in black satin. Her nipples were pebble hard. His fingers found them and tweaked then through the fabric. His hands moved to the thin straps, pulling each one down and exposing her generous tits to his gaze. Her bra was soon discarded along side her shirt on the floor.

"Nice." He said, seemingly mesmerized by the bare sight of them. His head dipped and he licked each nipple, giving special attention to the right, pierced one.

He looked up at her as he laved and sucked her nipples. Rebecca was held by his gaze. Her hands went to his head and stroked the smoothness of it. Mike straightened and pulled off his own shirt. He pulled her close, and pressed her tits against his hair covered chest, his lips claiming hers once more in a deep kiss.

Rebecca held him close to her as well, she rubbed her sensitive nipples over his smooth chest hair. His lips traveled across her cheek, to her neck, his tongue licking and teeth nibbling. She tilted her head to give him better access, goosebumps covering her body. His hand slid down and began to push at her pants. Rebecca pulled away and looked at him.

"No?" He questioned.

"Let me." She said, and sat on the bed to remove her shoes. She stood up and slowly pushed her pants down her smooth legs. She reached for her panties but Mike's voice stopped her.

"Not yet. I want to do that."

He kicked off his own shoes and reached for her again. "I hope you don't mind kissing. I love to kiss." He announced before his mouth claimed hers again.

Rebecca loved the way he kissed. Not demanding, but giving. Her hands clung to his shoulders as she pressed herself against him. He pulled back, breaking the kiss and stared at her.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" She asked, feeling nervous again. Was he disappointed?

"No reason." He said with a small smile. "You are beautiful."

Rebecca felt anything but, clad only in her silky purple panties.

"You still okay with this?" He asked.

She nodded.

"Okay." He said, not believing her. "Let's get on the bed and talk a while."

"Okay." She smiled as Mike threw himself onto the made bed. She hesitated.

"What?"

"Take the rest off."

"Yes Ma'am." Mike stood and quickly removed the rest of his clothes while Rebecca turned down the bed.

"Better?" He asked, standing there naked, his cock hard and thick and sticking out.

"Much."

They laid down together, Mike pulled her close and skimmed his fingertips over her bare arm, her ribcage and down to her hip.

"Still nervous?"

"No." And she wasn't. It felt natural to be there with him.

"Good."

"So, what do we do now?" She asked, not sure how to proceed.

"What ever we want."

"Oh, well, what would you like me to do?" She asked, her won fingers trailing over his naked body, moving lower.

"I would like you to suck my cock."

Rebecca looked down and then back up at him. "You're so thick." She said, a bit in awe.

"Is that a problem?"

"Oh no." She quickly assured him.

She slid her hand down and cupped his balls, gently rolling them around. Holding his gaze, she slid down until she was eye level with his cock. He was clean shaven. Tentatively, she stuck her tongue out and licked the large head.

"Hmmmmm...." She looked up and saw him watching her.

"Is it okay if we move to the chair?"

"Absolutely."

Rebecca stood and watched Mike settle into the large chair in the corner of the room. She knelt before him, letting her tits brush over his cock. Mike reached out and kneaded the soft flesh, sticking his cock between then and rubbing it. He spanked her nipples with the head of his cock.

"I love your tits baby." 

Rebecca smiled and moved downward. Keeping her eyes on him, she teased his cock head, licking and sucking it into her mouth.

"Ooohhh." She said, smiling up at him. "You're leaking."

Mike laughed. His hands reached down and pulled her nipples as she tasted him.

Rebecca licked from his balls to the tip of him, her tongue swirling around it, flicking the tiny, oozing hole. She lower her mouth and licked his loose balls, sucking one into her mouth. Mike hissed above her. She let it slide out and looked up at him.

"Did I hurt you?"

"Fuck no baby. That felt wonderful."

Rebecca smiled and went back down, her mouth taking the other one into her mouth and swirling her tongue over it. She listened to him moan and groan. She took her time, sucking his balls then licked and kissed her way up his thick shaft to the head of him. Watching him, she teased him. 

"God I love your eyes baby." He moaned, his eyes never leaving hers as she opened her mouth wide and took him deep into her mouth.

"Shit." He hissed, his hands going to her hair, moving it out of the way to watch her take his cock better.

Rebecca felt her lips stretching tight around him. She used her tongue to rub the underside of his shaft. Slowly she lifted her head, her eyes once again on Mike as she moved her mouth up and down on his cock.

"Damn Becca, you weren't kidding. You really can suck cock."

"Have you come yet today Mike?"

"Oh no honey. I've been saving up all day for you."

"Hmmmm.....a nice big load for me."

"Oh yeah, all for you." Mike said, and grabbed a fist full of hair and forced her down on his cock again. He held her there, stuffing as much of his cock as he could into her wet mouth.

Rebecca swallowed him deep. She loved how he felt in her mouth. She loved the groans and deep moans coming from him. She alternated licking and sucking his cock and balls. Mike's hands fisted occasionally in her hair, pushing her head down farther on him.

"Damn baby." He growled, letting her up for air.

Rebecca let his cock slip from her lips and knelt up. He framed her face and brought her close for kiss.

"Hmmmmm......I want that pussy."

Rebecca stood. Mike pulled her close and sucked a nipple into his mouth. His teeth lightly grazed the hard peak.

"Harder." She moaned, looking down at him. 

He moved to her pierced nipple and took the hard nub between his teeth. He looked up at her and bit down hard on the sensitive peak. Rebecca moaned loudly, her hand going to his smooth head and holding him there.

"Like that honey?" He asked, his hot breath against her wet skin.

"Oh yes." She purred.

Mike smiled, his hands moving around to cup her ass and his knee slipped between her legs. His fingers slid inside her panties, moving around to the front and down to her smooth pussy. He slipped on thick finger between her plump pussy lips.

"Someone's wet." He commented, slipping his finger deep inside her.

Rebecca gasped and pressed down on his hand.

"Do you want to come?"

"Yes...please." She said, as his finger wiggled deep inside her.

His pulled his finger free and nodded toward the bed. "Get over there."

Rebecca practically jumped on the bed. Mike slowly climbed between her thighs and settle down, his face inches from her hot pussy.

"Mike? There's just one thing."

"What's that."

"When I come, I need a cock in me right away."

"Not a problem babe." 

Rebecca looked down and watched as Mike gently licked her bare lips, teasing her. His fingers pulled her open and he licked her inner lips, just teasing her clit. Her hips arched, waiting for him to touch that part of her that would make her explode. She felt his hot breath first, then the touch of his tongue on her swollen clit. 

"Oh God!" She cried, falling back against the pillows.

His tongue flicked furiously over her clit. She felt his finger enter her, fucking her as he pulled on her fleshy clit with his teeth.

"Yes!" She gasped, lifting her hips up to him for more.

"Come for me Rebecca." He encouraged, his mouth and fingers pleasuring her. 

"Mike...." She moaned his name.

"Hmmmmmm?"

"Faster." 

Mike licked her faster, his finger going deeper inside her wet hole. Rebecca felt her stomach tighten, her thighs start to quiver.

"Faster Mike."

"Come for me."

"I will."

Mike attacked her pussy, his mouth buried deep, sucking her, his tongue and teeth working her clit.

"Yes! Mike! Oh God!" Rebecca cried out, her hips fucking against his face. "Now Mike, I need your cock now!"

Mike stood up and pulled her to the bottom of the bed. He lifted her legs over his shoulders, positioned his cock and plunged into her soaked pussy.

"Oh God!" He groaned, holding his cock still, deep inside her.

"Fuck me Mike." 

"I will honey."

Mike drew out and slammed his cock back inside her causing her breath to catch. He fucked her hard, with deep strokes.

"Yes! Yes!" She chanted, her hands going to her nipples and pulling them out.

"I want you from behind." He said, releasing her legs. 

Rebecca scrambled off the bed and bent over it, her legs spread, ready for him. Mike got behind her, his hands going to her hips. With one hand, he rubbed his cock against her clit until Rebecca wiggle her hips. Mike laughed and gave her ass a quick slap. Rebecca looked back over her shoulder at him. 

"Like that?"

She nodded. Mike spanked her again. He grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto his cock.

"Give me your arms." 

Rebecca reached her arms back behind her. Mike took each one, holding her tight by the forearms as he fucked her. She tossed her head back. He felt so good going deep inside her. His balls slapping against her swollen clit.

"Fuck....me...." She chanted as their bodies slapped together.

"Oh yeah honey. Fucking that wet pussy." Mike growled. "Are you ready baby? Are you ready for my cum?"

"Give it to me Mike."

He released her arms and grabbed her hips, fucking her wildly.

"Here it comes baby!"

He pulled her hard against him, pushing even deeper inside her. He grunted loudly as Rebecca felt his warm cum flood her pussy.

"Mmmm...yesss....." She moaned, wiggling her ass back on him.

Mike kept plunging as he emptied his balls into her. He leaned over her, his cock still deep inside her, his chest pressing against her back , his hands besides hers, his hot breath on her shoulder. Rebecca lifted up and turned her head, their lips meeting in a quick kiss.

"Sure glad you got over that nervous thing." He breathed.

Rebecca laughed. Mike slowly pulled out and laid on the bed next to her. She looked over at him and caught him staring at her again.

"What?"

"Nothing."

"You're staring."

"You're beautiful."

Rebecca looked down. 

"Did I say something wrong?"

"Oh no." She said and climbed up more fully on the bed. 

They were side by side now, facing each other. Mike couldn't keep his hands from her body. 

"You are incredible. I've never fucked like that before."

"And the night is still young yet." She said, smiling.

"So it is."

Rebecca slid her hand down his stomach and cupped his cock. "Ready to fuck me again?"

Mike laughed and rolled on to his back, propping some pillows under his head. "I think I need a little help."

"Oh, not that much." She commented as his cock started to grow in her hand.

"Do you want to come again baby?" He asked.

"Yes please."

Mike smiled. "On your knees then."

Rebecca got up on all fours in the center of the bed. She watched Mike get up and move behind her, at the side of the bed.

"Move to the edge, I want to eat that pussy again."

Rebecca shuddered at the remembrance of his hot mouth on her. She backed up and felt Mike's hands caress her ass.

"What a fucking ass Rebecca. You're so hot baby."

Mike knelt behind her, his hands going to the insides of her thighs, forcing them wider apart. She felt his hands on her ass, his strong fingers kneading, pulling her cheeks apart.

"God, I love your ass." He said, kissing the fleshy globes.

Rebecca held her breath, waiting to see what he would do next. She wasn't prepared for his tongue to swipe over her asshole. She moaned, dropping her head onto the bed.

"You like that honey?"

"Oh yes."

Mike did it again and again. His tongue moved lower and flicked over her soaked hole. His thumbs spread her lips wide and he stuck his tongue deep inside her pussy, fucking her.

"Oh....God...." She groaned, pressing back against his mouth.

Mike continued pressing his face deeper into her, his fingers digging into her soft flesh.

"Move up baby, I want that pussy again."

Rebecca crawled to the center of the bed. Mike got behind her.

Smack!

Rebecca moaned.

"Oh, you naughty girl."

Smack!

Rebecca felt the sensation throughout her entire body.

"Now, Mike. Fuck me."

Mike pressed closer. He reached down and rubbed his cock head over her swollen clit.

"Now Mike!"

He grabbed her hips and slammed his cock into her. He fucked her hard and fast, their bodies slapping together.

"Damn Rebecca." Mike grunted, slapping her ass several more times.

Rebecca moaned and tossed her head.

"Harder." She panted.

Mike grabbed her hips and pulled her back hard, sending his cock deeper.

"Shit, here it comes." 

He grabbed her hard, pumping furiously into her, groaning as he shot his second load of cum into her.

Rebecca lifted her calves, holding him deep inside her. He collapse on top of her, pushing her into the soft mattress.

"Damn girl." He breathed against her ear.

Rebecca laughed. She felt the rumble of Mike's answering laugh against her back. He slipped out and rolled beside her, his arm flung over his eyes.

"Are you okay?" She asked looking over at him.

"Yeah." He raised his arm and looked at her. "I need a few minutes."

"Oh." She sounded disappointed.

He laughed rolled her over onto her back. He loomed over her.

"Don't worry Becca, I'll fuck you again."

"I know." 

Rebecca looked up at him, a bit unnerved as he stared down at her. She lifted her head and kissed him. Mike's mouth opened and his tongue met hers. Their kiss deepened. Rebecca held his head as she kissed him over and over.

Mike lifted his head and looked down at her. His hand cupped her breast, kneading it, pulling her nipple hard. Lower his hand traveled, until he got to her soaked pussy.

"Unbelievable." He said, almost in awe. "You're soaked."

Rebecca sighed as he sunk one thick finger inside her. He kept his eyes on her as he inserted another and then another. With each finger, Rebecca gasped, her pussy being stretched and filled.

"Shall we go for four?" He asked, sticking it in before she could answer.

"Oh....my!" She breathed, the feeling now bordering on pain.

"That's so awesome." He said, continuing to watch her as he withdrew his fingers and inserted them again.

"That....feels.....so good." She panted, arching and gasping with every withdrawl and penetration.

Mike shifted, his hand pulling out, his thumb finding her clit and stroking it.

"Again." She said, turning to him.

He inserted his fingers again. Rebecca felt painfully stretched. Her breath caught as he pushed farther in.

"That's my whole hand Becca." He wiggled his fingers deep inside her.

"Feels....wonderful."

Mike watched her as her eyes widened with each thrust and pump of his hand. Her pussy gushed even more. She was incredible. She was the sexist woman he had ever been with. He continued stretching her, filling her, watching her, as he pleasured her.

"Come for me." He said and moved away, down her body, until his mouth covered her clit and sucked it hard into his mouth.

"Mike!" She cried out, arching up to him, her pussy gushing as she came hard.

Mike kept fucking and sucking her, swallowing every delicious drop that oozed out around his hand.

"Now Mike. Now!"

Mike pulled his hand out and mounted her, his cock unbelievably rock hard and plunging deep into her. He fucked her hard and deep, her legs hooked over his shoulders as he leaned over her, pressing her legs back to her chest. His hands held hers down by her side as he slammed into her.
