 Prologue

Mark and Stuart sat in big plush chairs in their new apartment watching a particularly racy Stacey Valentine porn movie. The two best friends had just graduated from High School and moved out of home into their first apartment. The opening sex scene of the movie had just reached it's climax, with the male actor pulling his cock out from her cunt and then jerking it in her face, splashing Stacey's lovely features with cum.

"Now that's something I've always wanted to do," murmured Mark wistfully as he watched the man milk the last of his cum onto Stacey's outstretched tongue.

"I've always wanted to do Stacey Valentine too," chuckled Stuart in agreement as the busty blonde on the screen took the actor's cock in her mouth and started to suck and lick it clean.

"That's not what I mean."

"You don't thing she's hot?" asked Stuart incredulously in reply.

"Of course you dumbass!" snapped Mark, "What I meant is cum in a girl's face like that, any girl!"

"Oh right," replied Stuart with a shrug.

"I serious dude," insisted Mark, turning to face his friend. "I mean you've had a few girlfriends in your time right?"

"Sure," replied Stuart his eyes still glued to the television screen.

"Have they ever let you do something like that?" asked Mark.

Stuart frowned, his gaze finally leaving the television screen, "No, of course not."

"Same for me," nodded Mark.

"So what's your point?" Stuart shook his head in confusion, wondering what on earth his friend was talking about.

"That's exactly my point," Mark pointed at the screen where Stacey was getting fucked up the ass by an overweight older man.

"Huh?" Stuart was getting even more and more confused by Mark's vagueness.

"I mean how the hell do they get them to do that? That guys uglier than my Dad for fuck's sake!"

Stuart frowned and thought for a moment, "It's a movie dude."

"Bingo!" Mark almost shouted in agreement.

"What?"

"If we make a movie we can get to do stuff like that to chicks," explained Mark, "And not just any chicks, but beautiful ones, ones that are under normal circumstances out of our league."

"You want to make a porno movie?" asked Stuart in surprise.

"Exactly!"

Stuart paused a moment, trying to catch up with his friends racing imagination, "The closest I've ever got to a porno star was when Gina Wild did that instore appearance at the video shop and I got that photo of me grabbin' her tits. How the hell are we going to make movies"

Mark chuckled, remembering the day well, "We'll just hire some video camera's and shit, it'll be easy."

Stuart didn't look convinced, "How are we going to get the cash for something like that?"

"Easy!" insisted Mark, "We'll just hire some cheap stuff."

"Do you know how much they pay these girls?"

"Not a problem," replied Mark with a wide grin, "We'll put an ad in the paper saying we're holding auditions, if we don't hire any of them, then we don't have to pay any of them."

"Do you think that will work?" asked Stuart doubtfully.

"Put it this way," Mark said with a smirk, "At the very least some hot chicks will show us their tits."

Stuart's grin grew to match Marks, "You cunning bastard! I like the way you think."

***

That very next day Mark had placed an ad in the local paper:

WANTED : Hot Actresses "Sticky Situation Films Inc" Auditions for Female Starring Roles in upcoming Adult Film Great $$$ Must be aged between 18-35, Have a good body, and be prepared for everything This could be your big chance (Ph 555-6969 to book your audition)

That night Stuart read over the ad as soon as their newspaper was delivered. "You think anyone's gonna ring?" he asked aloud.

As Mark opened his mouth to reply the phone rang. They both froze. It rang a second time. Could this really be someone for the advert? It rang a third time. Mark walked over to the phone. It rang a fourth time. He picked it up.

"Good evening Sticky Situation Films, how may I help you?" he said in his most businesslike tone, hoping it wasn't his mother on the other end of the phone or anything unfortunate like that.

"Hi, I'm ringing about the ad in tonight's paper," said a woman's voice.

"Really!?" exclaimed Mark in a mixture of relief and excitement, he then realized what he was saying, "I mean..of course," he corrected, clearing his throat. "Now I just need to take a few details from you miss..?"

"Adams, Cindy Adams," she replied. Stuart was now standing beside Mark, doing his best to listen in on the conversation.

"Cindy Adams," repeated Mark grabbing a pen and paper and jotting down the name. He glanced up at Stuart to make sure Stuart didn't recognize the name. If they were identified by someone they knew the game would be over. "Okay Cindy, and how old are you?"


"Thirty five," replied Cindy, "I hope that's okay."

"That's fine," replied Mark, trying to hide his disappointment, he'd been hoping for a younger woman, they'd probably be hotter and would be easier to trick. Nevermind, beggars couldn't be choosers. "What colour hair do you have Cindy?"

"I'm blonde."

Blonde was good, Mark liked blondes and blondes were supposedly dumber, "Height?"

"Five seven."

"Weight?"

"One twenty one."

"Measurements."

"Oh…umm..thirty nine double d, twenty seven, thirty six."

That was good. Mark grinned at Stuart and circled where he had written 39DD. Stuart grinned back and gave him the thumbs up. "Okay Cindy you sound very close to what we're looking for. Have you ever done any adult films before?"

"No," said Cindy with a slight giggle of nervousness.

"This next one I need to get out of the way before we can go any further. Do you have any sexually transmitted diseases?"

"No, definently not."

Mark breathed a sigh of relief, she sounded almost perfect. "Well that's about all the information I need from you over the phone," explained Mark, "We'd like you to come on in for a interview so we can get a look at you on camera and ask you a few more questions."

"Sounds great," said Cindy enthusiastically. "When do you want me?"

Mark felt his cock twitch in his pants at her last question and realized the phone conversation had given him a hardon. Hell, this was better than any 900 number. "Tonight!" said Mark after a moment's pause, "Come to 1718 Beach Avenue in one hour."

"Tonight?" repeated Cindy in surprise, "Ahh okay."

"Great, see you then," said Mark hanging up the phone. He turned to Stuart, "I told you this'd work buddy. We have our first porno star coming 'round here in exactly one hour!"

Stuarts eager grin of anticipation sudden faded.

"What?" asked Mark, noticing his friends look.

"We haven't hired a camera yet dumbass!" he said, cuffing his friend around the side of the head.

"Oh fuck!" swore Mark.

"No fuck is more like it," replied Stuart, "What are we gonna do now?"

Mark thought for a moment, "I got it!" he sudden cried out, snapping his fingers.

"What?"

"We'll use my digital camera."

"But that only takes stills," complained Stuart.

"Don't worry," Mark assured him, "She won't know that."

Chapter One

In exactly sixty minutes later there was a knock on the door. Mike and Stuart froze, they had been rushing around their apartment like madmen, trying to clear away as much of their rubbish as they could and try to make the place look like a studio. While Mike had set up some spotlights and draped a few sheets around the place to give the illusion of a studio, Stuart had been busy on the computer trying to dummy up a few business cards and posters for 'Sticky Situation Films Inc'.

"Well, this is it," said Mike with a sigh, "Are you ready bro?"

Stuart took a deep breath, "Ready as I'll ever be."

"This was my idea so you go cameraman on this one," decided Mike.

"Okay," Stuart agreed quickly, he wanted to see how Mike was going to handle things and quite frankly preferred to have a camera to hide behind if things went bad. Even if it was only a little digital still-frame one.

"I'll try and get you some action too."

There was another knock at the door, "Go let her in!" hissed Stuart. He turned to the spotlights and tried to pretend he was setting them up. He'd grabbed his electronic guitar tuner, tied a shoelace to it, put it around his neck and was pretending it was a light meter.

"Cindy?"

Stuart swallowed nervously as he heard Mike greet the woman at the door. What if she was ugly? What if she was beautiful? What the hell were they doing? And then Mike led her into the room. Cindy was absolutely drop dead gorgeous. She had long, very pale blonde hair that was tied back in a pony tale and framed her delicate, perfectly formed face. She was obviously in her mid-thirties because she had a look of very sexy maturity, but the body on her would have killed a teenager. Cindy wore a plain white t-shirt that stretched very taut across her ample chest. She obviously hadn't been lying about her measurements. She wore a knee-length black business skirt that clung to the lovely curve of her flared hips and was slit up one side, letting a long, creamy white thigh poke through with every second step she took. The outfit was completely by a pair of black high heeled shoes that made her calves look sleek and sexy.

Stuart's mouth gaped open and he stared at the lovely woman with undisguised lust, perhaps Mike's plan was a good one after all. Imagine getting to fuck a stunning older woman like Cindy? And video tape the event for prosperity. 

Mike was fortunately not so dumbfounded at the sight of the beautiful woman, he immediately slipped into his role, leading her to the 'casting couch' without missing a beat. Once she was seated he sat down beside her and handed her the business card that Stuart had printed up about ten minutes earlier. "My name's Michael Thomas, I'm the casting direction for Sticky Situation Films," he stretched out his hand and shook hers gently. "And the cameraman over there is Stuart Adkins."

"Hi Michael, Hi Stuart, you're both a little younger than I was expecting." Cindy greeted them both, blushing nervously like she was a teenager out on her first date. Things seemed very promising.

"Yeah, we haven't been in the business that long," confirmed Mike, praying she wouldn't get too suspicious. "Sticky Situations has been around for a while though, it's a very reputable company."

Stuart zoomed the digital camera in on Cindy's crossed legs, taking a lovely shot of her thigh where it was visible through the slit on her skirt.

"Cool. So what's the movie called?" asked Cindy, taking the two guys by surprise.

"Ahh.." stammered Mike uncertainly for a moment, "It's called Bill & Teds Excellent Orgy," he said at last. "It's a spoof of the real movie about two bumbling teenagers getting a lot of action."

"Cool idea!" exclaimed Cindy, her face lighting up excitedly.

"Now, I need to ask you a few more questions," said Mike, cutting in quickly before Cindy could ask more questions they didn't have answers for.

"Okay," said Cindy with a nod.

Mike took a chance and reached out with one hand, letting it drop onto Cindy's bare knee, "Now Cindy, as it said in the advert this is an adult film so tonight we have to make sure you're prepared for that. The film will obviously include nudity." Mike gave her knee a gentle squeeze.

"Obviously," said Cindy with a smile.

Mike picked up a clipboard with a long checklist on it, "Are you prepared to have sexual intercourse for this film?"

"Yes," agreed Cindy, giving a nervous little giggle.

"Now unlike mainstream movies this is not simulated, but includes vaginal penetration," explained Mike, trying to use as professional and scientific terminology as he could.

"Yes I'm aware of that," said Cindy.

"Are you prepared to give and receive oral sex?" Mike asked, his cock twitching inside his pants at the thought of Cindy sucking his dick.

"Yes."

"Do you spit or swallow?" cut in Stuart from his position as cameraman. Mike glared angrily at him, worried the crude question would blow his careful work.

Cindy turned to Stuart, "Ahh both, um swallow I guess."

"Cool," replied Stuart, grinning and giving Cindy the thumbs up. She blushed and giggled.

"Are you prepared to receive facials?" said Mike, quickly resuming his line of questioning.

"Huh? What's that got to do with this?" asked Cindy in confusion, obviously thinking along the lines of a beauty parlor.

"That's where the male actor ejaculates onto your face," explained Mike, blushing a little himself now. He was getting a monster erection, it was such a turn on talking dirty like this to such a beautiful older woman.

"Oh right. Um yeah, I can live with that," confirmed Cindy.

"Good," said Mike, ticking on his clipboard, it was looking like he might get his dream of cumming on a girls face after all. "Titfucking okay?" Mike wasn't sure of the technical term for that.

Cindy blushed at the thought, "Okay."

"Anal sex?"

Cindy's blush deepened, "I don't really like that. Is it alright if I say no on that one?" she asked uncertainly.

"Sure," said Mike reaching over to her again and squeezing her knee, this time a tad higher up her leg, "That'll just cut you out of a few scene's in the script."

"Oh, okay," said Cindy, seemingly a little disappointed, "Put me down as a maybe for that then."

"Ok, a maybe," said Mike with a reassuring smile. "Next question is threesomes?"

"I've never done that before," said Cindy, "Sounds like fun though."

"Good," said Mike, ticking the box, "Lesbian sex?"

"With another woman?" asked Cindy in surprise, "Ahh ok, why not. But I prefer men."

"Great!" said Mike, "That's the last of these questions."

"Cool, have I got that part?" Cindy asked excitedly.

"Ahh, next we need to do a screen-test," said Mike. He was getting a little nervous himself now.

"Okay, sure. What do you need me to do?" Cindy asked, looking a little apprehensively over towards the camera that Stuart was pointing her way.

"Well we need to see what you look like," said Mike, trying not to sound as excited as he felt.

"What I look like…" repeated Cindy slowly, "You mean naked?"

"Yes," confirmed Mike with a nod.

Cindy blushed and reached down to untuck her t-shirt. She then peeled it up over her head, revealing her ample breasts, tightly encased in a lacy white bra. The cups of the brassier pushed her already massive tits upwards and together, forming an impressive looking cleavage.

"Oh wow!" gasped Stuart as he clicked off a photograph, he spoke loud enough for both Mike and Cindy to hear him.

Mike glared Stuart's way, but Cindy seemed to ignore him. She reached around behind her back for the catches on her bra. The action caused her large breasts to jut out impressively and Mike's glare instantly left Stuart to take in the wonderful sight that was about to be unveiled before them. Cindy unhooked her bra and then shyly let it drop, her huge tits swinging free, a very awesome sight.

"Wow!" it was Mike's turn to gasp in surprise. He gazed at her enormous hooters and decided that even if nothing further happened and Cindy walked out on them then and there, they would have already got their money out of the advert just by getting a look at her wonderful jugs.

Cindy, a little unsure of herself, looked down at her own tits, "Are they okay?" she asked.

"They're more than okay," Mike assured her, practically drooling.

"I went for a modeling job when I was younger and the agent said that they were too big."

"Well they're perfect for our studio," Mike assured her with a grin. And then he couldn't help himself. Mike reached up with both hands and gently cupped Cindy's great big 39DD's. Cindy stiffened a little but did not stop him. "Absolutely perfect," Mike repeated as he softly squeezed Cindy's big tits, his hands stroking all over the ample orbs and rolling them over her chest. He seized her nipples between his fingers and gave them a gentle tug before again covering her whole tits with his hands and squeezing, a little harder this time.

"Bring the camera in on these babies," Mike called over to Stuart as he kneaded the abundant flesh of Cindy's tits. Stuart walked right up next to Mike, zooming in for some close up shots of Mike playing with Cindy's generous breasts. When Mike took her right breast in both hands and began to firmly squeeze the lovely melon, Stuart reached out and roughly grabbed a hold of Cindy's left tit. Cindy gasped in surprise as the camera operator joined in the groping of her tits. Stuart lifted the full orb as if raising it for a better angle on his camera, then he pinched on her nipple and used it to shake her breast, getting a shot of her lovely big tit jiggling across her chest. If only they'd had a video camera instead of a still shot camera.

Mike looked up at Cindy's face as he squeezed tightly on her breast with both hands, mashing the fleshy tit between his fingers. He saw the older woman grimace a little and realized they were pushing their luck as they went to town on Cindy's lovely big rack. Mike released her breast and signaled for Stuart to do the same. Stuart gave her breast one last squeeze before he stepped back to resume his position as cameraman.

"Okay I think we've got some idea of your upper body now," said Mike, "Could you please take off the rest of your clothes now Cindy?"

"Okay," agreed the topless blonde. Cindy stood up and reached behind her, unzipping the back of her skirt and letting it fall around her feet. Cindy's legs were as long and beautiful as they had looked in her skirt, and from Mike's point of view behind her, he got a great angle on her lovely ass, encased in a pair of bikini style panties. Mike had to admit that they had got very very lucky. Cindy was incredibly hot for a thirty five year old, and she also seemed willing to let them have a little fun.

"And the panties," said Stuart, clicking off a few shots as he saw Cindy pause.

"I've never been naked in front of anyone other than my husband before," said Cindy, standing there in her panties, looking unbelievably sexy.

"Just remember what you're here for," said Mike, reminding Cindy that it was a pornographic film she was auditioning for after all.

"You're right," decided Cindy with a nod, steeling herself. She took a deep breath, then hooked her thumbs into her panties and tugged them down.

Both Mike and Stuart boggled at the sight of the gorgeous naked woman. Cindy had a lovely tight ass and a neatly trimmed pussy. She was incredible.

"Very nice!" moaned Stuart, clicking off a couple of shots.

"Fantastic!" agreed Mike, leaning over and reaching out to stroking his hand across Cindy's warm right buttock. He then shuffled forward so she was within reach and stroked both hands across the firm cheeks of her ass. Mike began to knead and squeeze at the firm mounds, moaning softly to himself. Cindy gave a slight gasp as Mike groped her ass cheek with one hand and slipped the other up between her legs, rubbing across her pussy.

This seemed to be taking things a little too far, as he touched her cunt Cindy pushed his hands away and stepped out of reach. "Is that all the screen testing you need?" she asked.

Mike knew he had to step carefully here, "Take a seat please Cindy."

"Can I get dressed?" Cindy asked impatiently.

"Very soon," nodded Mike, patting the couch beside him. Cindy hesitated a moment and then sat down as instructed.

"So what do you think?" Cindy asked him.

"You're incredibly beautiful Cindy and you have a great body."

"Thank you," replied Cindy, blushing modestly.

"I think you have a very, very good chance of getting this role," Mike told her and he saw the stars begin to reform in her eyes.

"Really?" asked Cindy in surprise, "You really think so?"

"You've got the looks for it," said Mike, "Do you have the killer instinct to really nail the role and make it yours?"
