 At 37 years old Mike was on his last tour of duty. In just over two years' time, he would be ready to retire from the U.S. Army and this last sweet assignment as an advisor to the ROTC program at a University in Seattle was perfect for him.

After having been at the University for a couple of months, he was settled into his job, liked it and enjoyed the non-military setting he worked in. Other than having to wear his uniform, it was truly like being a civilian. 

His, what he later called "awakening", began one morning as he, in uniform, walked down the hall of one of universities buildings where his office was located.

Smiling and nodding to the students he passed in the hallway, he saw a woman, decidedly not a student, come out of the door to his office. He shared the office with a civilian administrative assistant who supported him and an Army Lieutenant Colonel assigned like he was as an advisor. 

As the woman turned and walked away from him, he noted she was older than the typical student, dressed casually but professionally and was attractive. Having never seen her before he wondered who she was, wondered enough to ask Mary, the 53-year-old admin assistant in his office who she was.

"You don't know who she is?" Mary asked in reply to his question. "No" Mike responded, "should I?" At that Mary laughed, smiled kindly and told him she guessed not, that she doubted he did. Curious about her response, Mike asked her why she had asked if he knew who she was in the first place.

"Oh, no reason, none other than I am often amazed at how unaware you are of the attention you get from some of the female students and in particular, some of the female professors. Have you always been so unaware of women almost drooling over you?"

"What!? Me!? Come on nobody is drooling over me, that's not happening" Mike responded. Again smiling, Mary shook her head in wonderment. "Sergeant McMaster, you are a dreamboat in uniform and at least a half dozen women both students and professors drool over you daily. Alice in particular... she is the woman who you were asking about and she is a Lit professor. In fact, she was in here casually pumping me for information on your marriage and relationship status. I told her you were divorced, single and totally clueless. Anyway, she thought she was being casual in her questions, I caught on immediately. " 

Somewhat embarrassed with the direction of the conversation, Mike waved her off, did "nonsense, I'm not clueless", opened the door to his smaller private office off the reception area, and as he was closing the door, heard Mary call to him. "Regardless Sergeant Clueless", Alice will be back late this morning to talk to you about the lagging grades of one of your ROTC students." Then he heard her chuckle and finish with "Alice is, by the way, single, 31, an adventurous soul and very attracted to you - ask her out."

As he closed the door he responded with "I'm not clueless, I'm professional, busy and not inclined to mix business with pleasure." As he sat down and looked at the worst part of his job, the mounds of paperwork, he got busy and soon forgot their conversation.

A couple of hours later, dying for a cup of coffee and nearly finished with the current stack of paperwork, he was surprised when he heard a knock on his door and even more surprised by the vision that immediately appeared as the door opened. "Mary said it was okay if I just came in and talked to you" the vision said. The vision was, if he remembered the name correctly, Alice, the Lit professor.

Mike had never been especially good with the ladies and had always been exactly what Mary had said, clueless about women and the signals they sent when attracted to a man. He was though, quick to react and even when surprised by her appearance, he quickly stood, walked out from behind his desk and offered her his hand. "It's Alice, right? Mary said you'd be back to talk about one of our mutual students. Please have a seat" he said as they shook. 

Alice standing before him was indeed a vision. Slightly mussed shoulder length brunette hair framing a strong but nonetheless delicate face, skin that glowed, green eyes, and lips that were now formed into a slightly quirky smile. She presented the picture of a healthy, vibrant woman. Maybe the thought ran through Mike's head, if her eyes were any clue, an intelligent person to boot. As she turned to sit in the offered chair, Mike couldn't help but glance down and over the rest of her body. "Nice" he thought, and then his next thought was "Stop it Mike, she is a professional here on business."

After introducing herself as Professor Alice Barnett, they discussed for next 30 minutes the student she had come to talk about, discussed his lagging grades, his need to bring them up and how Mike could as an advisor, encourage the young man, even mentor him. 

The conversation was professional, but Mike couldn't help but remember what Mary had said earlier. "Still", he thought as they were finishing up, "this is business" and as their conversation came to a close, he decided it best to leave it at that.

Standing and again coming out from around his desk, Mike offered his hand and smiled. "I think I've got it and I think I can help with our mutual problem... in fact, I'll speak with him later today. We'll see where it goes from there and maybe touch base with one another every few days until we see progress. Deal?" 

As he stood less than an arm's length away shaking her hand, Mike sensed a difference in the way she has holding his hand as they shook goodbye... it felt more personal, more intimate. "What the hell?" he thought, "am I dreaming this?" Then her grip tightened every so slightly and she gently pulled him towards her. "Deal? Maybe" she said, and again that smile, quirky, cute but somehow decidedly no longer professional... and her eyes. "Challenging?" he thought. "Then her voice changed ever so slightly. "I think the deal is that you pick me up for dinner tonight, we can discuss the deal then. Deal?"

Mike had been in combat, been madly and hopelessly in love, experienced loss, seen it all and experienced so much; but at that very moment, he was as near to dumbstruck as he'd ever been in his life. He hesitated, her eyes had him captured and frozen in time and place. 

Her smile changed and her eyes lit up. "I'll take that as a yes. Let's say 6:30 this evening, Mary knows my address. Mike, I can't wait, dress casual." Then she was gone, and Mike stood there with his heart pounding. "What in the hell just happened" he thought, "that was unreal, but I guess I have a date tonight."

Finally coming out of what he felt was some sort of trance, he stuck his head out of the open office door. "Mary, do you have Alice's, I mean Professor Barnett's address?" 

Mary jotted something on a piece of paper, got up and smiling walked to Mike's door and handed him Alice's address. "I do have it, now you have it." Then with a wink, she turned and over her shoulder said "And Alice has you... I mean your number. Enjoy Mike, you've been a loner for too long."

Looking down at the address Mike was again shocked. The Professor lived in the same apartments in downtown Seattle as he did... one floor up from him. "Kismet?" he wondered.

Anxiously anticipating the date... or was it really business? He couldn't make up his mind but decided, as he knocked on her apartment door at precisely 6:30, he would go with the flow.

The door opened and the smile, one that was now inviting and confident, was followed by "I like a man who is punctual. Come in Mike, let's have a glass of wine or maybe a beer if you prefer, then we can decide upon where we want to have dinner."

Alice was dressed as she had suggested, casually, virtually no makeup, which was something Mike had noticed earlier in the day and liked. She had changed out of slacks and a blouse into a skirt that showed off her legs and her lower thighs and a simple button up top, "linen" he thought. She was barefoot, her hair that same missed appearance... like she had gotten out of the shower and towel dried her hair and hadn't gotten overly concerned with brushing it out into some flawless style. He liked what he saw. 

Taking his hand, she pulled him in and walked him over to the couch in her living room. "Have you decided on what you want?" A simple question, but Mike wasn't sure what she meant. He knew in that instant what he wanted... it was her and it was now. Unconsciously, he let that exact thought escape. "It's you I want" and as he said it, he realized what he had been thinking and what he had let slip. 

"Uhhh, I mean I want whatever you want. Wine or beer is fine." Alice had, as he let his thoughts slip, stopped, continued holding his hand and turned to look directly into his eyes. "Good" she breathed. "Maybe it's time for you to take what you want." As the words escaped her lips, she moved closer to him, so close their bodies almost touched. The look in her eyes said it all. "That's the deal Mike, the deal I want to make" she breathed.

Suddenly their lips came together, the kiss hungry, searching, tongues immediately dueling, his arms going around her, his hands immediately sliding down her back "no bra straps" flicked through his mind as he cupped the cheeks of her ass in his hands and pulled her to him. As they greedily embraced the kiss broke, "It's about time Mike", I thought you'd never notice me." 

Mike heard the voice, not the words. He kissed her neck, ground himself against her, felt himself harden against her and felt her hands at the back of his head pulling his head downward. 

Alice realizing her blouse was in the way, released his head, unbuttoned her blouse and dropped her hands down to pull his hands down and under her short skirt, then up so his hands were filled with the firm, bare cheeks of her ass. 

His lips moving now to a bare breast, then to a hard nipple, Mike groaned out. "Notice you? 'm going to devour you!" 

The smallish living room, coupled with the unbridled and sudden needful passion and desire for relief in them, left no room on the pillow strewn couch. They didn't need or want a place to fulfill the need of the animal passion that had erupted in them. All that was left in them was the primal need to couple.

Mike, his mind lost to rational thought, only felt. Felt the body under his lips and hands. Felt the firm smallish breasts his lips were suckling feverishly at, the cheeks of her ass, his throbbing cock and now the scent of this woman calling to him to take her. His fingers finding the band of material that was the thing she wore, aggressively pulled it to the side and stroked her wetness, found the opening that would soon devour his throbbing cock and inserted a finger deep inside her while his thumb found and put pressure on her clit. 

At his touch, Alice moaned, "Now Mike, take me now!" As she did, she spread her legs with her hands feverishly ripping open the pants he wore, ripping them open and shoving them down to slide her hand inside his boxers and find him, to grasp his hardness and stroke it, pull at it and locking her lips to his once again, she stepped back and pressed her back against the wall. 

Mike, unwilling an unable to release her, kissed her, nibbled at her lower lip and pressed her against the wall. Removing his finger from her now impossibly wet channel, he grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her up, keeping her against the wall. "Put me in" he groaned.

Their minds, if not rational thought, and their desires now in sync, had Alice as she was lifted from her feet, arching her back against the wall and thrusting her pelvis forward to give him access to her. 

Mike, bending slightly at the knees, slid his hands down her ass to her upper thighs spreading her legs open. And pulled them closed to wrap her around and to him.

With his cock dripping pre-cum, her hand firmly holding it and their eyes locked, she gasped, "Now Mike, fuck me, take me" and as she demanded he fill her, she placed the swollen head of his cock at her wet opening.

Mike felt his cock touch her, his mind seemed to explode and with a primal growl he thrust forward with his hips not sliding his cock gently into her into her wet cunt, but forcefully and deeply impaling her.

"Oh fuck!" she screamed, "Yes! Harder Mike, harder!" Alice too was lost, lost in the feeling of fullness, and the sensations centered at her core - his hard thrusts felt as if she would split her apart even as she contracted her muscles to tighten her grip on his cock, As he groaned and thrust deep inside her, sensations she would later be unable to explain even to herself, took control and drove her towards a quickly approaching explosion and intense release.

Mike knew at first contact, at the very moment he was fully sheathed inside her, that he wouldn't last, that an intense explosion was imminent. Trying hard to hold it back, wanting the feeling of his cock inside of her to last, wanting to stay coupled in this primal need, he trust again and again. Still feeling his seed rise and wanting this moment to be for her as intense as it was for him, he moved his hands from her hips to the cheeks of her ass, spread them as he thrust and using a single finger, began to rim the tight opening of her ass. As he did, she began to shake, almost vibrate and she gasped yet again. "More please, more, now! I'm ready!" 

Hearing this and knowing he to was ready, Mike broke contact with her now closed eyes and bent his head, his lips finding a hard nipple, he raked his tee3th over them and as he did, he pushed against her sphincter muscle, the tip of his finger entered her and the intensity of his stimulating her in multiple places all at once drove her immediately over the edge.

Alice screamed loudly, "I'm cumming!" and that was it, Mike too, as he thrust deeply inside her and held himself motionless, exploded filling her with wet roped streams of semen. "Alice! Fuuuucccck! I'm cumming!" he added to her words almost simultaneously. Flashing through their minds at the same time came the thought... "no protection!"

That thought gone in an instant, they shuddered against one another, their breathing erratic and heavy, their minds empty of all but the intensity of the shared intimacy and of the release of what and so instantly flamed inside them. 

Alice was the first to crumble, her muscles all but collapsing... Mike, not far behind pulled her to him, stepped to the couch and slowly lower himself, Alice still wrapped around him and he still inside her, to the warmth and softness of the pillows covering the couch.

They each instinctively knew words could not speak of what they had shared and so together, still clinging and coupled, they lay on the couch together and let the calmness, the spent feeling overcome them until the drifted into a semi-slumber... sleep could not come, they wanted what they were feeling to last. Words too would come later... now they were meaningless.

After some time had passed Mike felt himself smiling, felt himself slip from her and gathering her in his arms, he softly chuckled and whispered into her ear "Any more deals like that available?"

Alice, never one to be caught short, chuckled and responded. "Think you can handle another deal like that?"

That's it, Mike has awakened... want to hear more of the couple's journey? Let me know by comments or ratings.