 He greeted me at twilight, as the gold was fading to bronze, the shadows of the palm trees lengthening in the coming night. I had just finished swimming laps in a warm saltwater pool by the ocean. I was breathing hard, dancing along the path in my loose sarong.

"Good evening, would you care for a coco?"

His accent was strong, my guess was South American. He was brown and smooth, with a dazzling white smile that crinkled his temples and revealed his years, his maturity. Looking at his eyes made my heart do a leap and my pinky finger flew into my mouth. I bit down hard, then remembered my manners. "Good evening. How are your coconuts?"

He flashed that dazzling smile again. "They are very refreshing. I just cut them down this morning. Would you like some juice?" He held out a freshly cut green coco, the water sloshing lightly over the rim. I met his eyes and took a deep drink. "That one is free," he said. "The next one is two dollars." I blushed deeply as he winked at me. I felt like a 16-year old, not a 40-something year old on a spontaneous trip to the tropics, after ending a relationship that had been killing me slowly from boredom. And now here I was, slurping coconut water with a hot Latino, wearing nothing but a bikini and a sloppy sarong.

"I'm Miko," he extended his hand.

"Yum" I said. My social skills sucked. "I'm Ray." I took his hand and noticed he was twinkling his eyes at me again.

"Nice to meet you, Ray. Just like the sun. I also do massage, you know." I didn't know. "I'm here most days, selling cocos and giving massages. This is basically my back yard. Come in the evening sometime and I will give you one, if you like." He was playful, challenging me, and I was feeling silly and reckless.

"Thank you for the coco!" I said a tad too loud, and with an awkward hop, I scampered off and jumped in my car, grateful for the cover. I thought about his hands on me the whole way back to my little bamboo cabin in the jungle.

The next day I lay in the sun at a nearby beach. I tried to read my book but my thoughts kept wandering back to Miko. Did he really do massages? Or was that a line? I thought of him touching me all over and I felt wetness seep between my legs. I hadn't had a professional massage in over a year, and my previous boyfriend had been weak in that department. I tingled, thinking of Miko's strong hands, pulling the husk back from the coconut so that I could take a sip. I imagined him pouring the juice on me, then licking it off, and I got so wet that I felt sure the other sunbathers near me could tell. I wiggled into the sand and closed my eyes. Miko.

By the afternoon I was glowing warm from the sun, freshly showered, shaved, and feeling spunky. I had even shaved down there and the soft silkiness brushing against my underwear made me wet all over again.

I found myself back at the little seaside park with the warm pool, glittering against the green grass and swaying palm trees. I had my sunglasses on, pretending to be casually strolling to the pool, while really scanning for Miko. That's when I saw him, in the distance, working on a client. So he is legit, I thought, noticing the massage table set up under a palm tree.

I slipped into the water and soaked for a while. As dusk approached I got out and took my time rinsing off in the outdoor shower, hoping he was watching. Instead of getting dressed, I draped my sarong over my shoulder and sauntered over to the now-empty massage table, wet hair dripping onto the grass.

"Good evening, Ray" he said, with that delicious grin. "I saw you go in, and I saw you come out. I'm glad you are here. How are you feeling? Would you like a massage?"

"Ummm, good, yeah, sure" was all I could manage, my heart pounding a little bit harder.

He held up a soft sheet and told me I would be much more comfortable using this as a cover. He looked away as I peeled off my soggy bikini and wrapped the sheet around me. We nodded at each other, faces solemn, and then he motioned for me to lie down on the table, where he had placed another sheet.

"Make yourself comfortable, Ray." I lay down on the table on my stomach and he draped the sheet over my body. He placed his palm on my lower back with calm stillness and the weight was like a warm stone, sending radiant energy through my limbs. "We are surrounded by beauty, you are here to relax and feel good. Just lay here and breathe in light like the ray that you are."

I giggled at his sweetness, glad that he was acting professional, even though every word he said made my body throb. I tried to focus on my breathing, as I felt his strong, warm hands move slowly up my back. He worked on my head, neck and shoulders, moving down my hips, thighs, all the way to my feet, squeezing. My exhale was like wind moving through trees.

"That's right. Let your tension go. You need this, I can tell." I took a deep breath at the sound of his voice and let it all out, let it all go. I wanted his hands on me everywhere, but I went along with the professional flavor, trying to contain my urge to moan and wiggle.

He went back to my neck, this time with more pressure, taking his time, working his way down. Warm oil. Hands moving slowly under the sheet. He was strong and intuitive, sensing my tension spots and rubbing them away. He used his forearms, elbows, and parts that I could only guess at. The energy rippled off of my body in waves. I was breathing deeper now, starting to feel a definite warming in my pelvis. I wiggled a little bit on the table.

"Relax, Ray, that's a good girl," he whispered, shaking my limbs gently, then pushing deeply into my lower back and hips. I was clay and he was sculpting me into a nude statue. Horny Girl Reclining. The sheet slipped down further. He moved his palms slowly over my ass, finding sensitive pressure points. I could feel it on the front of my body. My pelvis and clit were getting a massage from the other side, as he rocked me against the table. Relax, Ray, you sexy beautiful woman of my dreams... I heard his accent in my head and I couldn't help it when a soft moan escaped my lips. "Uhhhn..."

He continued working my lower back, rolling my hips from side to side. He pressed his forearms along my calves all the way up my thighs, across my ass and up my back. He went the full length of my body up one side, then down the other. I moaned again, saying "Mmmmm It's good."

"Mas?" he asked me. "You like more pressure?"

"Si, please" I lisped and he laughed softly, never taking his hands off me. I could hear him breathing a little harder. The sheet had slipped off of me by now. It didn't matter. The evening was coming on, the air was warm, and I was in nirvana. I didn't care who saw or heard us at this point. I was taken.

"Ok baby," he said. "You want to flip over? I will hold this up for your discretion."

I started giggling wildly, because he was still playing as if we were utmost professional, while I had just oozed juice all over his sheets. He held up my "privacy screen" and looked away as I moved onto my back and scooted down. He covered me with the soft sheet, placing a pillow under my knees. I noticed my nipples poking up and I pulled the sheet down a tad lower, smoothing it out. We were smiling at each other in the fading twilight as he got me comfortable and laid a warm palm on my forehead.

"You are very beautiful," he said. "I want you to enjoy yourself. How are you feeling?"

"Really good" I said. "Like....open to anything."

He told me to close my eyes and breathe, that he would take care of me. I did as he said, taking in the sweet smell of tropical air, the ocean waves, and the feel of this beautiful man's hands on my body, touching me with reverence.

He used his fingertips to massage my scalp, pulling my hair gently, taking time on my ears. Then my neck, shoulders, arms. I knew he was working his way toward my breasts and my nipples became harder at the thought. The sheet was pulled gently down and my skin welcomed the warm night air. I could hear him breathing and I moaned softly for him, letting him know that I liked it.

He moved his hands down the sides of my body, over ribs to hips all the way to my feet. He's magic, I thought. He put some oil on his hands and began rubbing my feet slowly. I moaned again and he pressed deeper, pushing his thumbs while the tension continued to radiate through me and out. Then he was moving up the front of my legs. The sheet slipped off again and I was exposed.

I loved my body and thought that I was hotter in my 40's than I had ever been. In that moment, under the stars and the palm trees, with Miko's strong hands touching me everywhere, I felt like the most beautiful woman on earth. I laughed and he laughed in response, never breaking his stride. We had invented a new language, where words were not relevant. I let my legs fall a teeny bit more apart, willing myself to relax. He rubbed my thighs, brushing his fingertips softly against me, making me tingle.

He moved up to my chest, working his fingers gently over my ribs, releasing tension from my spine. He moved his hands over my breasts, massaging them in circles, then across my stomach, and down towards my most sensitive area.

Oh please, my body was begging him. Put your tongue on my clit right now or I'll die. My muscles tensed up, getting ready for it. Do not deny me, my body was gritting its teeth. That would be torture. He took his time, massaging my thighs, casually brushing my soft labia with his fingers, as if by accident. My breathing got heavier and my eyes rolled back in my head. I let my legs fall a tiny bit more apart, wetness seeping down between my thighs. Relax, Ray.

He touched my feet again, pressing his thumbs deep into the soles, cupping the heels. Moving up my legs. I felt his hardness pushing lightly into my toes as he worked. Another accident? My clit was singing and I felt the tension leaving my body in waves, rippling out of my scalp and fingertips. "Yes, Ray," he was saying. "Let it go."

"Mmmmm" was all I could get out. I wiggled on the table and took a deep breath, making a windy sound again as I let it out. Was this all in my mind, I wondered. Was this just a regular massage and I was getting worked up on my own? That thought made me giggle and he said, "I like your laugh, baby." He moved his hands lightly up the entire length of my body, his fingertips dancing over my silky, sensitive area, then resting on my breasts. He brushed my nipples with his thumbs, rolling and pinching them softly. A jolt went through me and I gasped, then I felt his warm, soft tongue on my breasts, sucking and nibbling.

"Oh!" I said.

"It is ok?" he asked me. "I could not resist. You have the most beautiful breasts."

I lifted my head and stared at his eyes, sparkling in the starlight. "Yes" I whispered.

He leaned down and kissed me lightly, telling me I was gorgeous. When it seemed like I had truly melted into the world around me, I felt his tongue, hot and soft, between my thighs. He was licking my silky lips, kissing my inner thighs, and then he was licking my clit. Finally. This time I moaned loud, hoping some pervy night wanderer would hear me. I opened my legs, said "Miko, uhhh." Finally I could relax, letting the throb move into my entire body as I truly let go and let him devour me.

He told me I tasted sweet, then he licked the entire length of my vulva, moving from side to side, then up and down. He pulled the pillow under my ass so that I was elevated, exposed. He lifted my hips, licking from the base of my spine all the way to my lower belly. I let out a little cry. He was masterful, pushing the flat of his tongue against me, inside of me, then flicking my clit. Professional indeed. I felt like a tiny thing in his hands, at his mercy. He could do anything he wanted to me.

My breathing was getting rapid and I wanted him to smash me right there, on the table. He sensed my urgency and slowed his movements, causing me to slow my breathing. He liked the build-up, I could tell. He was teasing me. I inhaled deeply and as I let it out I moaned, feeling a release of so much long-held tension that I almost wanted to cry.

"Baby" I heard him whisper. He was sucking on my tits again, biting on my nipples, kissing my neck. He put a long, strong finger inside me, then another. "Ray, sweetie, come here." He lifted me in his arms and laid me down on a sheet he had placed on the grass. It felt like a big soft pillow. I was warm, oily, juicy, and ready for anything. He took me in his arms and kissed me deeply. I loved tasting myself on him, and it made me yearn for his taste. I pushed him back and went straight for his crotch, pulling off his loose pants and taking his beautiful hard cock into my mouth in one swift movement.

I heard him moan "Ahhh" and I went down hard and deep, savoring his smooth skin and salty flavor. I wanted to swallow him whole, wanted to gag on him, but I felt his hands on my head, gently pulling me back. "Baby" he said. "That feels too good. Come here." He pulled me onto his body and we were both so slippery I thought I might slide off. He pulled my hips forward and I felt his hardness pressing into my crotch. "Play with me" he whispered, "whatever you want."

I went up on my knees, straddling his gorgeous body, muscles rippling under me as he stretched himself out. His cock was huge and hard. I felt his tip against my clit. I held it there for a moment, rubbing softly, my hands touching his shoulders, his arms, his fingertips. We stared at each other. My body seemed to have a mind of its own. I tried to prolong the moment, to tease him as he had done to me, to engrave the palm trees and the ocean and the stars into my memory. Make him wait for it. My body had other ideas and could not wait one more second to sit on his cock and slam it hard. And so I gave in to the most powerful and ancient urge on earth. He had me so wet that I slid onto him with ease, even though he was bigger than what I was used to. I felt his warm thickness filling me up and I groaned and sank down again, sucking his neck, ingesting the sweet oily scent of sweat and coconuts. Miko ahhhh....

I pulled up and pushed down again. This is what my life had come to, this primal act of sheer physical ecstasy. I didn't really know this person, but in that moment I felt like we were madly in love with each other, re-connecting from past lives, transcending time and space so that we could please each other as only soul mates can do.

I pushed gently into him again, rocking forward so I could slide my clit against his stomach and then I couldn't take it, couldn't stand not having him buried as deep as possible inside of me. I looked at him with smoldering lust and he grabbed my hips and pulled me towards him while I cried out with pleasure. I fell on him hard and we were kissing furiously, ravenously, sucking lips, biting sweaty necks and shoulders. He squeezed my hips and I was helpless to do anything but surrender and move with his rhythm. I opened my knees wider and sank down as hard as I could. I felt a building up of exquisite tension, spreading over my whole body and I put my hands on his chest and said, "Now, baby, please".

We both cried out and I pulled back and pushed deeper, rubbing my clit hard against him. We were slippery with sweat, in perfect rhythm, grabbing on to each other tightly as I shoved onto him again and again, holding him inside me until we both exploded in a wet, sticky shuddering mass of bodies rolling on a rumpled sheet, under a tropical night sky.

We held each other, squeezing tight for a brief moment that felt like eternity, and then I was pulling away, needing air and space. We lay naked on the grass panting, until our breathing slowed and we returned to earth. The cool grass. The ocean. The palm leaves, making shadow art against the dark sky, brilliant with stars.

"Wooow" he said softly. His hand reached out to mine and we entwined our fingers, bathed in the afterglow of life-altering sex with a stranger. I rolled onto my side and looked at him, radiant in the starlight. He met my eyes and smiled at me. I smiled back.