 It was last day of her senior year, but Mila had dutifully reported for class. The Class of 92 was graduating in a few weeks, and she had one last thing she'd been wanting to do before she left for college.

Her last class was Art, and, when the bell rang, the few students practically ran out of the classroom. She and Mr. Walker were alone.

"Yes, Mila?" he queried.

"I just wanted to say thank you," she said. "I always had a great time being your student." She paused. "I'm not, anymore, you know. Your student. Not as of that bell. And I'm 18 and, like, a half. In case you wanted to finally fuck me or something."

Mr. Walker was visibly flustered. "Young lady, I am a married man. And a teacher. I would never..."

She cut him off. "Are you sure? Because, I've seen the way you stare at my ass when I walk out of the room. And last week when I was leaned over that table, you sure seemed to take a long look down my shirt."

"I don't... know what you're talking about," he stammered. "I would never..."

She moved closer to him. "And, also, you seem to have a mighty big hard-on going here."

Mila sunk to her knees and outlined his erection through his khakis. Mr. Walker seemed frozen in place; he didn't speak.

Before he could object again, Mila unzipped him and pulled out his cock, staring hungrily at it while sliding her hand slowly up and down the shaft. She pulled it over to her mouth and licked completely around the head a few times, causing him to moan loudly. 

"We shouldn't," he tried one last time, but, he did not pull away.

Having properly lubricated things, she went back to her expert handjob, now gripping him with both of hers. As she ran them up and down his length, she gave her confession.

"I couldn't leave school for the last time without having you at least once."

At that she took the head of his cock into her mouth, and pulled him inside, not stopping until his cock had disappeared and his balls rested at her mouth. Then she used her hand and gently pushed them inside her mouth as well.

She kneeled there for a long time, unable to breath, just looking up at him, then slowly withdrew him, without gagging once.

"We..." Mr. Walker started.

At that she plunged her lips back around him and started to rapidly throat fuck herself on his cock. All Mr. Walker could do was make a sort of gasped moan over and over again.

After a few minutes of this, she popped him out of her mouth and stood up. She reached under her skirt and slipped off her panties, sitting them on his desk. Grabbing him by the hand, she pulled him to a nearby wall and stepped on a box that was pushed against it, bringing their waists to the same level.

She grabbed his cock and put it under her skirt, rubbing it all around her pussy. Mr. Walker groaned but seemed to become nervous again and found his voice.

"I.... I'm married... My wife...."

Mila put his hands on her hips.

"We can't.... We don't have a condom, so..."

Mila smiled sweetly at him. "You can still cum in my mouth. I just need to feel you inside of me." She ordered him to lift her up. He did as he was told.

As he held her against the wall, dangling her, Mila reached down and spread herself open, her eyes bulging a bit as she helped the head of his cock stretch her pussy and slip inside. 

He was so thick it felt like she was being split in two, but as she slowly slid down his cock, inch by inch, she never wanted it to end. 

As he finally bottomed out, his balls nestled up against her ass, she sighed loudly, as if all the air had been pushed from her body. 

He slowly slid her back up a few inches and then dropped her, causing every nerve in her body to explode at once.

"OH MY GOD! Please don't stop doing that."

"I'm not going to last very long this way," he warned. "I've... I've never felt anything like this before."

"Please!" she begged.

He slid her back up and slammed her down again and again. Mila lost track of where she was, what she was doing; she was barely even aware of who she was. When she came, she dug her nails into his back.

"OH FUCK!! OH MY GOD!! UH! UH! UH! I'M CUMMING! KEEP FUCKING ME! UH!"

Mr. Walker tried to slide her up again but it was difficult. It seemed like all of Mila's body strength was concentrated on squeezing the cock buried in her pussy. It was like she simultaneously needed to be fucked but also couldn't let his cock leave, even just a little, even for a moment. 

With an effort, he was finally able to slide her back up again. "I'm going to have to stop soon."

Mila knew it wasn't a safe time but she just didn't care. Panting as her orgasm still vibrated through her, she leaned in to whisper in his ear. "Don't stop. I want you to look in my eyes while you finish inside of me."

Mr. Walker dropped her down with a grunt. "Uh!" He looked in her eyes and gave in completely, fucking her furiously, pulling her body down and pushing upwards to meet it, burying himself as deep as he could, grunting as a punctuation on each stroke.

"Uh! Uh! Uh! Uh!"

Mila held on to his shoulders and met his stare. 

"Uh! Uh! Mila... Going to cum... so hard..."

"YES!" she urged. "PLEASE CUM IN ME!"

"So much... better.. than... my wife..."

"RIGHT NOW I'M YOUR WIFE!"

"God! Mila... your cunt... so... fucking... tight..."

"OH, FUCK! MR. WALKER! PUT A BABY IN THAT CUNT! UHHH!"

That was all he could take, he slammed her down one last time and she felt an explosion of warmth flooding deep inside of her. She could actually feel it blast past her cervix and in to her unprotected womb. She wiggled up and down on his cock, trying desperately to empty him completely.

"Uh! God! Mila! So... good. So..... oh. God. Cumming. You are so... amazing.... Fuck...." Mr. Walker kept mumbling as he sent blast after blast deep in to Mila, continuing seven or eight times before he couldn't cum any more.

Mila wrapped her legs around his body and kissed Mr. Walker deeply. He finally lowered her to the floor, his cock slowly sliding out of her. She gave him a hug and then kissed him again.

She looked at her panties on his desk and decided to leave them there as a present. She kissed him on the cheek, whispered, "Thanks, Mr. Walker. We're going to do that again sometime," in his ear, and smoothed down her skirt, cum slowly running down her leg. She headed out.

"Mila?" he called behind her. "Uh.... call me Jim."

Now that she'd come down from her orgasms, Mila decided that however much fun that was, getting knocked up the summer before she started college was not a good idea. 

She'd probably — probably — get away with it this time, but she had big plans, so she would have to get something. It was going to be a good summer.