 Kimiko Hazaki was a slut. She knew she was a slut and she loved being a slut. As far as she was concerned life was to be enjoyed to the fullest there was nothing she liked better in this life than to be full of hard cock. A handsome man with a nice, thick dick was the greatest of treasures. Fortunately, there was an abundance of treasure in school. Several football players, some of the basketball team, the vice principal, even a few of the boys' fathers was worth her while.

Kimiko also knew no fear. Ever since she had been able to walk she had been instructed in the art of kung fu. She had read Sun Tzu's "The Art of War" at the tender age of 16 and not only understood it, but was able to apply its lessons. She knew how to set goals and work to achieve them. Her goal was sex and she achieved it often.

She had no problems attracting the boys either. She was a tiny little thing, standing a mere 4'10" tall and weighing all of 85 pounds. He long, black hair went halfway down her back and framed an exotic face with Japanese features. She dressed like a trailer park slut with shirts that she tied in the center of her torso, exposing her midriff and accentuating her B-cup breasts (which on her tiny body seemed bigger than they were). She wore low riding, skintight shorts and usually cutoff jeans that clung to her hips and stopped where her but joined her thighs. Ordinary but expensive running shoes rounded out her usual ensemble. If she hadn't had her own Mercedes Benz convertible people would assume she really did live in a trailer, probably in sin with her father and brothers if she'd had any.

She also was a daddy's girl. As an only child and the only female presence in the house since her mother tragically passed away Mr. Hazaki doted on her. He gave her whatever she wanted and used his considerable wealth to make sure Kimiko got to be where she wanted to be. Many times he had made sure she avoided the consequences of ill thought out actions by either financial intimidation or bribery.

Kimiko had a problem. This in itself was unusual. Problems of hers had a tendency to fade away thanks to her father's influence. This problem, however, refused to buckle under. Ms. Stark seemed bound and determined to fail her in English. Well, it would go away at the end of the year. As long as she passed the provincials she would pass the course and the year. Her Dad could get her into any university she wanted so her grades really weren't a concern. She was looking forward to that. She would go away to school, have her own apartment off campus, join a sorority and have lots of sex with endless amounts of college boys and professors.

Ms. Stark, however, had a different point of view. Kimiko had missed 11 classes already this year. That enough was good enough for her to justify an incomplete course, guaranteeing that Kimiko would at least require summer school. This was not what she wanted, though. Ms. Stark saw great potential in Kimiko. She was obviously highly intelligent and could achieve great things if only she would apply herself to something other than her next sexual encounter. The wasted potential made Ms. Stark quite annoyed with the spoiled little brat.

Ms. Stark had a plan, however. Kimiko had a weakness for boys and she had just the thing to take advantage of that. Mikey might not be the hunk that Kimiko usually dated, but Ms. Stark was certain that his gigantic attribute would make up for that. He would be the tool she used to change Kimiko for the better. That, however, would be later. Right now she wanted the boy for her own use. He had been sucking on her nipple in his sleep, which, while very cute, had made her extremely aroused.

She had gotten him his pill, made his breakfast, done the dishes and now they were in the shower together. His medication's side effect had kicked in and Mikey's elephantine erection was waving at her, like an invitation, calling her over to make use of it. She was washing away the lather she had built up. She slowly went to her knees in front of him and pressed her humungous hooters to either side of that incredible cock and mashed them against it. The marvelously pleasant friction of her massive mammaries' massaging of Mikey's monstrous meat was tremendously enjoyable to them both. Mikey moaned as she pressed the tip of her tongue to the tiny slit from which his seed would splatter and opened her mouth as wide as she could, wrapping her plump, pouty lips around the crown.

Mikey's muscles tightened and he closed his eyes, his eyes rolling in his head as he moaned from the bliss his teacher was giving him. Ms. Stark started to moan and suck on the purple head, sending vibrations through his shaft. It was heavenly! He had to hold a hand against the shower wall to keep himself steady while the pleasure rippled through his cock. The way her huge, soft breasts massaged his arm like shaft and her thick, soft lips kissed and caressed his cock's crown, the sensations of her terrific tongue teasing the tip, it all felt so amazing!

Ms Stark was happily paying homage, on her knees in supplication, to the supreme organ. She played with and polished the all-powerful penis. Mikey gaped out, "Ma'am!" Then he grunted and groaned as he launched a powerful stream of seed, anointing his teacher's mouth and face with his thick jizz. Ms. Stark gleefully accepted the blessing, licking her lips and chin to gather up as much of the spunk she could get while the shower's spray washed away the rest.

Slowly Ms. Stark stood up, gazing longingly and lovingly at the boy. She wanted that cock inside her so badly. Patience was one of her strengths, though, and she had a plan for that cock later. "All right, Mikey," she said with that enchanting English accent of hers, "time to dry off and get dressed."

Forty-five minutes later they arrived at school. Mikey was getting out of the car when he felt his teacher's hand upon his shoulder. He turned his head and looked over his shoulder at the stern woman whom he was rapidly coming to think of as his mother figure. "Mikey," she said, "come to my classroom at lunchtime. Do not dawdle. I expect you there immediately after class ends."

"All right, Ma'am," he responded. Of course he wouldn't dawdle. He would never keep her waiting of he could help it. After all, he was safe with her and feeling safe was something he had needed for too long.

Once inside the school his new glasses and haircut got him a few curious looks. His new Canucks jersey, which did a fine job of concealing his boner, also drew a few eyes. He hoped none of the boys (or even the girls) would not strong arm him into giving it to them. That would be too humiliating! All those stares made him uncomfortable. He kept thinking everyone was plotting some horrible prank on him. This would be nothing new to him, but he really hated it when that happened. He was quite relieved when the bell rang to start classes for the day.

Kimiko had English in the second block. She sat in the back of the class, looking at all the boys she found attractive. She was even starting to find a few of the girls attractive too. Perhaps she would have to explore a new aspect of her sexuality soon. Right now, though, it was still the boys she desired. A few seats away was that hunky quarterback on the football team. He could get at her back quarter any time! Then there was that tall, blonde haired boy from the tennis team. Oh, she would love to be served up to him! Over in the corner was…

"Kimiko Hazaki, is my English lesson boring you?" Kimiko turned around to look at the harsh features of Ms. Stark. If only she would lighten up a little she would be sooo hot! But nooo! She always had this stern expression and she always wore clothes that, while not concealing, did not emphasize her best features enough. With jugs like those, why keep your top button done up?

"Or perhaps you merely find frittering away my time more important than passing this class and graduating with your friends and peers. Well, young lady, you will stay behind and see me after class. We have something to discuss, you and I."

Great. Now this amazon bitch was going to cut into her own time! She had planned on seducing the vice principal again during lunch, but now that plan was shot. "Yes, Ms. Stark," she said gloomily. What was Ms. Stark's problem anyway? Didn't she know her Daddy could buy and sell her like livestock? Well, maybe he should! She was a cow anyway! Always talking about being inspired by the "moos" She giggled quietly at her pun. Well, a lot of the boys were sure inspired by Ms. Stark's "udders…"

She continued to daydream in the same manner for the rest of the class. When the bell rang she got up and tried to blend into the mass of students to escape her situation. "Kimiko, are you forgetting something," came the accented inquiry of the English teacher. Kimiko sighed and turned back, trudging toward Ms. Stark's desk. "All right. I'm here. So, like, what's the big problem?"

Ms. Stark glared at the little girl and replied, "The problem, young lady, is your attitude. When you bother showing up to my class you never pay attention. I do not believe you have handed in a single assignment. Quite simply you are failing my class."

"Like, big deal. As long as I pass the final exam I pass the year, right? Besides, it's not like "To Kill A Mockingbird" is gonna help me get anywhere in the real world. Besides, I don't need school anyway. I'm, like, totally rich!" She gazed smugly at Ms. Stark, thinking to herself, ‘Kimiko: 1, Uptight Bitch: 0.'

"Actually, young lady, as your teacher I have certain discretions regarding whether or not you pass my class. You have skipped enough of them that I can deny you the chance to write the final exam and make you repeat the year." Kimiko glared at her teacher incredulously. "You wouldn't dare," she exclaimed! "My Daddy…"

"Your father means nothing to me. I do not fear his wealth or influence. Your intended threat is hollow." Just then there was a knock at the door. "Come in," said the teacher.

Kimiko watched as a geek with a nice jersey entered. Ms. Stark said, "Lock the door behind you, Mikey. Kimiko, I believe you know Mikey. You are in the same grade after all." Kimiko shrugged. She looked at the geek and wanted to gag. Michael Michaels was the biggest dork in the whole school! He dressed horribly, though the new jersey was all right, and his glasses made him…hey, were those new glasses? Oh well. His hair was…hmmm…new haircut. Still, once a geek always a geek. "Yeah, I know him."

"Well, I have decided that in order to pass my class you need a little bit of help. Mikey will provide you with the help you need." Ms. Stark gave Mikey a reassuring smile, then turned back to Kimiko. "You have such potential. I would hate to see such potential wasted. You spend too much time shopping and with your promiscuous liaisons. You need some discipline, young lady, and I intend to provide it. You need to learn good study habits and Mikey is going to help you with that."

"You're making him my study buddy?"

"Exactly."

"You can't do that. I don't want to and, like, you can't make me!" She gave Ms. Stark a challenging glare. No way was she spending her own time hanging around the geek supreme! Ms. Stark replied, "You are right, I cannot force you to work with him, but I can fail you and I will unless you accept my terms. Now, before you attempt to threaten me with your father's clout, let me reiterate that I do not fear your father and regardless of his response it will have no effect on my decision. Even if he somehow manages to break my tenure you will still fail and be required to repeat the course. Do you understand me?"

Kimiko fumed! How dare this…this…peon make any kind of decisions regarding her. What had she ever done to her anyway? What was her problem? Was she jealous that Kimiko had gotten fucked in this decade and she had not?

Ms. Stark continued. "Mikey has good study habits and learning skills which he can help you learn. You have the social skills he lacks and can introduce him to your circle of friends. You two can help each other."

In the blink of an eye Kimiko went from merely annoyed to irate. "WHAT?!?!" She sets her hands on Ms. Stark's desk and leaned closer, glaring challengingly eye to eye. "No freaking way! If you think for, like, even one freaking minute that I'm going to ruin my whole life by letting this…this…king of the dorks hang around me then, like, you must have a broken brain! "Go ahead! Fail me! See if I care! I'm not…"

Ms. Stark interrupted Kimiko's "shining moment." She had expected some defiance but hearing this girl so blatantly and forcefully put down her darling boy made her blue-hot with anger! She stood up her full, imposing height, her 6'3" frame towering over the diminutive girl. Her eyes narrowed and her demeanor went from professional indignation to viciousness. Her voice lowered and filled with venom. "You will not call Mikey "geek," "dork" or any other disparaging title. You will refer to him by his name and with respect at all times. Am I understood?" There was real menace in her manner and voice. Kimiko, fearless and confident, challenged her directly. "Or you'll what?"

For the first time in years Ms. Stark's anger got the better of her. She reached over the desk and grabbed Kimiko by her shirt and hauled her over the desk. Kimiko was caught by surprise and squealed. She failed to resist. She fell on Ms. Stark's lap as the teacher sat down in her chair, the student sprawled over. She used her superior strength to hold her down and drew her to her knees. In the back of her mind she was unsurprised to see Kimiko wore no panties, but actively ignored it. "Little girl, you are in desperate need of an attitude adjustment and I intend to provide it!"

Mikey watched the whole scene unfold before him with disbelief. Ms. Stark was sticking up for him and he couldn't remember anyone ever sticking up for him before! He felt proud of his teacher and flattered that she thought him worth defending even as he was horrified at the sudden violence.

Kimiko struggled in vain against the bigger, stronger woman, trying to get free. She was shrieking and wriggling as fear filled her. She hated feeling fear, or would later when she was capable of feeling anything besides it. This giant freak had easily overpowered and manhandled her. She couldn't do this to her! She was Kimiko Hazaki, dammit! She was better than her!

WHACK!

Kimiko squeaked in shock as Ms. Stark's bare hand slapped painfully against her naked bottom.

WHACK!

WHACK!

Again and again Ms. Stark's hand came down upon the backside of the insolent student. Nobody had ever treated her like this. Not even her own parents. Right in front of Mikey, too! This, without a doubt, was the most humiliating moment in Kimiko's young life. That little geek was watching her get her ass smacked by their teacher and probably thoroughly enjoying every moment of it. Got that was sooo hot! No, humiliating, not hot! Not hot at all and she was definitely not getting wet between her legs! ‘Stop dripping, you traitor,' she thought to her pussy.

WHACK!

WHACK!

WHACK!

Ms. Stark repeatedly slapped Kimiko on her shapely little ass and found that it felt good. She was surprised to find her student becoming aroused. She was dripping her vaginal fluids all over her skirt. She was equally surprised to find herself becoming turned on as well, her anger being replaced by arousal as her own pussy begun to dampen and engorge. This was a revelation! Her angry grimace slowly became a wicked grin. "Mikey, do you see what your teacher is doing? Kimiko needs discipline for being so disrespectful to you. No one is allowed to be so disrespectful to you."

Kimiko arched her ass upward, silently begging for more with her actions. "Please," she begged. She couldn't understand why she was so turned on and at this moment she didn't care. She just wanted more! As Ms. Stark's hand fell again it smacked between her legs, right against her cunt! Kimiko screeched as she climaxed, her cum gushing from her pussy like a geyser! She soaked Ms. Stark's skirt as it squirted like a man would! "AAAHHH..! SHIT! FUCK! FUCK! OHGAWD..!"

s. Stark stopped and watched Kimiko wriggle through her orgasm, amazed at the result. For several seconds her student writhed in her lap until her orgasm finally and mercifully subsided. She fell to the floor and fought to regain her breath as Ms. Stark gazed upon her in amazement. Ms. Stark's chest heaved as she inhaled deeply, making her breasts rise. She looked down at her soaked skirt, then over at Mikey. She stood up and demanded, "Mikey, come here!" She yanked down her damp skirt and let it fall to the floor, then stepped out of it. She stood there in her panties and blouse. "Get that cock of mine over here and fuck the English out of me with it!"

Mikey froze, watching her take off her panties, feeling suddenly nervous. Ms. Stark stared at him hard and demanded, "NOW!" Mikey looked down at the trembling form of Kimiko, who'd recovered enough to lean up, then sighed and lowered his pants, releasing the beast.

Kimiko's jaw dropped and her eyes nearly popped out of her skull when Mikey's pants fell. Holy shit! This little dork had a HUGE dork! He was packing a pecker that would put the entire school to shame! Her pussy pulsed just at the sight of it. She drooled as she watched Ms. Stark move into better view and bend over her desk, presenting her ass to the gee…to Mikey. She couldn't call him a geek anymore…not when he had a cock like that! By just the sheer massiveness of his manhood he deserved respect.. She imagined what it would feel like to be filled by that god in cock form, the pleasure it could inflict, and shivered, wishing she could have it.

Ms. Stark moaned as Mikey put the head of his dick against her wet pussy's slit. Kimiko watched enviously and sympathetically moaned herself as Ms. Stark grabbed the base of Mikey's shaft and pulled him forward, forcing him to shove his dick into her. When Ms. Stark cried out Kimiko reached down and started to frig herself shamelessly. Good gawd that was a COCK!

Mikey plunged deeply into his teacher, groaning as he re-stretched her vaginal walls, which so futily resisted his thickness. He thrusted and stroked as Kimiko watched and Ms. Stark bit her fist to keep from screaming out in a heady mix of pleasure and pain. Further and further he advanced and Kimiko wondered just how much would fit!

Ms. Stark writhed on her charge's massive fuckrod as it endlessly impaled her. She felt so stuffed, so full! It was so warm, too, his cock that was so deep within her sheathe. The way it pulsed as it thrust and withdrew felt magnificent! None of her dildos could ever compare to this! She moaned against her hand while Mikey reamed into her over and over again. She squealed when she felt his hot cum erupt into her, filling her up while her student kept fucking and fucking her.

Kimiko watched her teacher lose control while she fingered herself. One hand toyed with her clit and buried it's fingers into her pussy while the other went up her shirt and caressed her breasts and tweaked her nipples. She was now laying on her side, moving the hand on her breasts to her ass, caressing her crack and sliding first one, then two fingers into her backdoor while she wriggled her other fingers in her cunt.

Ms. Stark went rigid as her body was suddenly wracked with orgasm. She clamped her tight pussy against Mikey's huge cock, making him have to push harder to keep up the pace. Her hands balled into fists and her eyes shut as her orgasm raged. She wanted to scream, but found herself breathless and unable to make any sound at all. She shook and came again, then again. Multiple orgasms were raging in her, making her helpless before the might of Mikey's dick.
