 My life in the restaurant business started at the age of 10 when I was serving tea in a small cafe in Mumbai. My family was poor and I had no time for education because if I did not earn, my family did not eat. I slowly moved my way up through the kitchen at various different establishments. By the age of 21 I was head chef at a prestigious hotel in Mumbai that saw stars and many international visitors. I tried to do something different with every dish and I became well known. I had always lived in Mumbai but I wanted to experience something new abroad. At the age of 25 I moved to Dubai, I initially worked in a hotel but I grew tired of working for others and wanted to reach out on my own.

I was lucky that in Dubai there are many people looking for business opportunities. I was working my normal restaurant shift when the waiter called me out and said a customer wanted to speak to me. The service was quiet and I always enjoyed the flattery of an appreciative customer. The customer was a local Emirati and he surprised me by saying he was so impressed with my food that he wanted me to join him in a joint venture to open a new restaurant. I opened my first restaurant at the age of 30, "Ashok's Kitchen".

I don't mean to come across as conceited but my restaurant became one of the hottest restaurants in Dubai. I soon opened up several restaurants in different cities around the world.

I opened my first restaurant 22 years ago and I had now taken a back seat in the business. I was all but retired from the business. I was too old for the kitchen and took more of an advisory role. Following my divorce I found it hard to give up the business entirely and I still involved myself in the running of the business. 

It brings me to today. I was flying out to Johannesburg as we were opening our latest restaurant. It was a flagship restaurant and it was intended to announce our entrance in the South African market. I was flying out for the Tuesday as I wanted to ensure that everything was ready for the grand opening on Friday night.

I was at the airport waiting to board the plane. As I was in first class I am usually the first on the plane. My luxury life now is a big contrast to my very humble beginnings. I could not have dreamed of living this life in my early years. As I was waiting my attention was taken by this striking beauty. She had the most amazing long legs which were only made to look more stunning by her pantyhose. She had a thickness to her that I really liked. She was working for the airline. I had lost my inhibitions over the years and I found myself being more outwards with my perverted intentions.

She was boarding the passengers. There were only 3 passengers boarding first class. I was the last of the three and as I looked into her eyes I noticed she had these mesmerizing green eyes. She had me completely distracted. I passed over my ticket and passport for boarding. As she was checking them I said, "You have the most beautiful name, Maryam." As I said this I held her name tag which was on her chest, this allowed me to touch her breasts briefly. She looked at my hand in shock but then must have put it down to innocent touching as I was looking at her badge. As she looked at my details she said, "Thank you, Mr Khanna."

Her response encouraged me. I would sometimes receive a scowl or a strong response but her timid response encouraged me.

I took my documents back but deliberately held her hand as I did so. She was taken aback by this forwardness but I gave her a confident look and then moved on.

I took my seat in first class and relaxed. She was working in the first class section which pleased me. I tried to engage her at every opportunity. As the flight progressed I tried to speak to her at every opportunity.

***

Maryam

I moved to Dubai shortly after my marriage as my husband was an accountant in Dubai. I married at the age of 20 before I was able to complete my studies. I was studying to be a teacher but I was unable to complete the studies as my parents believed it was more important that I get married.

I was married 7 years ago to Ismail Malik in Lahore and after a few months I moved to Dubai. I struggled to adapt to my new circumstances. My new family was very wealthy but I came from humble beginnings. I was expected to stay at home and look after the household which included my parents in law and my husband's brother and sister. I was not allowed to leave the house without supervision. I had a tense relationship with my mother in law who was never comfortable with my presence. I was treated as more of a servant than a family member. My one purpose seemed to be to bear children for the family. But this became difficult as Ismail always seemed to be too busy. He was always away on business trips and was too tired to make love when he was at home. In a house full of people I felt a loneliness that I was unable to escape. My life was about fulfilling all of my husband's needs and devoting my life to him but no one cared about my needs.

I was blessed with a son after 3 years of marriage. Everyone seemed happy with the news but shortly after my son was born my mother in law took every opportunity to criticise my parenting. Ismail did not support me and he was never at home.

About a year ago I was checking my emails when I saw an email from someone called Emma Smith. It had the title "You need to know".

It had a picture attachment and a message that read, "Your husband does not love you. Have some dignity and leave."

The message made me so angry. I initially thought it was spam and I am wary of downloading attachments from random emails but if it wasn't junk email I needed to know. I opened it and the picture showed Ismail in a sexual embrace with a lady. She was a western lady. I dropped my phone and I was physically shaking with rage.

I called Ismail's office but they said he was not at work and this only made me angrier. I paced my room that night unable to think of anything else. He turned up late in the evening and I confronted him. He denied it initially but then admitted it. He had been dating this woman since before we were married but his parents wanted him to marry a Pakistani girl and have children so he did it for them.

I gave him an ultimatum to leave her or divorce me. He refused to leave her and gave me a divorce. The whole family turned on me and threw me out of the home. I was prevented from seeing my son and I did not have the money to pay for a lawyer.

I was able to sell my jewellery which helped me rent a shared apartment until I could find a job. I was lucky to find this job with the airline but I had been working here less than a year and the glamorous lifestyle advertised is not close to the reality as the pay is very small and I have to work long hours in different time zones. I was still unable to pay for a lawyer as I was just earning enough to cover my expenses.

I had a flight to Johannesburg but I was covering first class which seemed to be quiet as there were only a couple of passengers. I was hoping for an easy journey but there was one passenger I was unsure about, Mr Ashok Khanna. There was just something about him. I found it odd that he held my name tag when he read my name. His hand also brushed my breast but this seemed more inadvertent but something about the way he looked at my body and the brush of my breast seemed to excite me in a strange way.

As the airplane was about to start Mr Khanna seemed to be struggling with his belt and I went over to help him. I was leaning over him to help him buckle it in but it seemed to be stuck. As I was doing this I felt him squeeze my breasts. I was 100% certain that is what I felt but when I looked down his hands were by his side and they did not seem to have moved. I finally managed to buckle the belt in and went to the front to give the safety instructions. 

My nipples were stiff but luckily I was wearing a padded bra. I felt his eyes on me during the whole of the safety instructions. I put down the squeezing of my breasts to my imagination overworking from our earlier interaction. I did not know why he was turning me on so much. He seemed to be in his 50's and would be described as a fat man due to his belly. But he had a sense of authority.

As the flight was settled the passengers were able to relax and move freely. I felt myself drawn to Mr Khanna. He engaged me whenever I was in his vicinity and he would draw me into conversation. I found myself divulging my personal story and he understood that I had been through a difficult time. I also learned that he was very successful and he told me that he was staying in South Africa for 2 weeks to open up his new restaurant before he flies back.

He was not like usual passengers and I found a strange connection developing. I was at the back sorting out the food when I heard him enter. He said, "Excuse me, I need to use the bathroom on the other side as this one is engaged."

I said, "Yes sir. Just pass behind me."

He was not tall but he was still a large man. As he was passing behind me he struggled to get by. I was sure that I could feel his hard penis between my buttocks. It seemed to move up and down between my buttocks before he was able to pass. I was almost certain I felt his hand squeeze my buttocks. I also heard a groan from him as this happened.

I was still new in the job and I had only recently been permitted to work in first class so I did not want to upset any passengers. Also it was a tight space and when I looked back he seemed to be genuinely struggling to get by. All this touching was innocent but it added to a growing feeling of sexual tension with him. He was really arousing me without even knowing it. The truth was that I had been starved sexually for the longest time and the intimate touches were turning me on even if it was only my perception.

***

Ashok

She had the most divine and beautiful body. I was taking too many risks but I was unable to resist when given the opportunity. She was buckling my seat belt and her breasts were centimetres away from my hands. I was unable to resist and groped and squeezed. It lasted mere seconds and I returned my hands quickly. She looked down at my hands but did not mention anything further. They felt so full and I wanted so much more.

The next time I had to go to the bathroom and I was passing behind her. It was a tight space and our bodies were pressed together as I squeezed passed her. But as my cock came into contact with her ass I was unable to resist and thrusted against her juicy ass. I was unable to resist and had to give it a gentle squeeze. It felt so good that a groan escaped my lips for which I scolded myself. I needed to keep control.

I made it seem as though the groan was due to the exertion of squeezing past and she did not seem to doubt this.

I was feeling uncomfortable due to my formal dress. I loosened a few buttons on my shirt and I also loosened my trousers and covered myself with a blanket. She was coming around asking everyone about what they wanted from the menu. Before she got to my seat I allowed my hard cock to escape my boxers and be free under the blanket. As she arrived at my seat I pretended to be startled out of sleep and allowed the blanket to slip.

When she saw my cock she was completely mesmerized. A glazed look came over her and she could not took her eyes off it. I allowed a few moments to pass before I covered up and said, "I am sorry madam. I was sleeping and I did not realise I was in such a state."

She tried to regain her composure and she said, "It is ok. I need to go."

She rushed to the back. I was able to catch a glimpse of her at the back and she was biting her thumb and looking back in my direction. She then entered the bathroom. After a couple of seconds I waited outside the bathroom.

I could hear her soft moans through the door. I listened intently as her moans were becoming more frequent and I could sense her orgasm building. I was sharing this intimate moment without her knowing. As I felt her orgasm was getting close I knocked on the door. I could hear her scramble to clean up and I tried to suppress a laugh. I unzipped my trousers and pulled out my cock. 

She opened the door and she was surprised to see me. Her eyes went to my cock and she had a glazed look on her face. I knew I had her.

I pushed her back into the toilet and it was a tight squeeze. I locked the door behind me and before she could mutter a word I locked her in a deep kiss. I couldn't help myself and my hands immediately attacked her tits. I unbuttoned her blouse and started to aggressively grope her breasts. I knew she was desperate to cum after I interrupted her masturbation session. She had hold of my cock and she was stroking it roughly. She was hornier than I could have managed.

She was wearing a big padded bra and I was eager to get my hands on her breasts. In my frustration I tore the bra strap and took her breasts out of the bra. I broke off our kiss and she was gasping for air. Her nipples were so big and erect. It turned me on immensely. I was unable to resist and I dove into her breasts. I was roughly sucking and biting her nipples she winced initially but then her free hand held the back of my head and pressed it against her tits indicating she wanted it harder. I sucked harder and she moaned. 

I was aggressively squeezing and massaging her tits as I sucked on them. I was alternating my sucking between the two tits. Her stroking of my cock and her heavenly tits were causing my need to cum rise but I did not want to cum like this. She also seemed to be close to orgasm and she looked at me in a disappointed manner when I broke apart.

I pulled toilet lid down and I sat her down. I undid my trousers and let them fall down. My cock and balls were in front of her and I could see the temptation take over slowly. But she needed to be pushed. I grabbed the back of her head and forced her forward towards my cock. She was reluctant but she ultimately took it in.

It was clearly her first time as she needed a lot of guiding but she began to build up a rhythm. Her hand went between her spread legs and she was rubbing her pussy.

She wanted to cum as much as me. She was too gentle though with my cock. I took the lead and I started to force it down her throat and she began to gag on my cock. It only caused to turn me on more. The more I throat fucked her the more turned on I became. I let out a torrent of cum in her throat and then I could feel her body shudder as she came. She was spent for a couple of moments on the toilet seat and I leaned back against the sink and door. The cramp quarters was finally realised as we came to our senses.

She finally got back up and she seemed to have anger in her eyes. She then slapped me really hard and intensely and said, "Don't you ever try that again, Sir. I am not that type of lady."

That lit another fire inside me and I grabbed her and kissed her intensely. She initially resisted but then let go and enjoyed the kiss. I groped her ass under her skirt. Her pantyhose only stopping me from going further.

I then broke off the kiss and went back to my seat without another word. It was important for me to leave on top.

She avoided me for the rest of the flight apart from the obligatory interactions. But I knew that she would be thinking about me and how the kiss ended before I left.

The flight had ended and as I was leaving the crew were saying their goodbyes to the passengers. I thanked everyone and the pilot but as I was passing her I whispered in her ear, "I will never stop thinking about you. If you ever want to contact me look in your blazer jacket."

She said, "Please just forget about me." But there was something in her eyes that told me she did not mean it.

***

Maryam

He had left his card in my pocket without anyone knowing. I didn't know what to think. I was a married woman and he was old enough to be my father. Well I was not married anymore but I was still a mother. I should not be behaving like this with a stranger.

I tried to forget about the incident and ever meeting him. I had to stay overnight in Johannesburg before my flight the next day. I found the trips to be quite lonely. I did not drink alcohol and I found it difficult to socialise with my friends. I usually found myself in my room contemplating my divorce. I just needed someone to talk to. 

I was watching TV in my bedroom trying to pass the time but I could not stop thinking about my ex-husband and I missed my son. I went to my blazer to pick out my flight pattern for the rest of the week to try and distract my mind. As I picked it up the card for Mr Khanna also fell out.

As I saw his name the image of his penis flashed into my head. I could not stop thinking about what happened on the flight. No one had ever focused on me in that way before.

My hands went to my breasts over my salwar kameez and I roughly grabbed them the way he did. I had to stop thinking about it. I had my self-respect and I had to control myself.

I left the card on my side table. I was going to throw it away in the morning.

It was getting late around 11.00pm but sleep would not take over. I could not stop my mind from working.

I sat up and saw Ashok's card. If I was honest with myself I found him really easy to talk to and I enjoyed talking to him. I felt shame about what happened in the toilet but I did enjoy our conversations. 

I entered his number on my phone but then I deleted it. I did this 4 times before calling. But then I cut it off before he could answer. It was late and he was probably asleep.

But a few seconds later he called back. I looked at my phone nervously, almost fearful of answering.

I then answered but I was unable to speak. He said, "This is Ashok Khanna. I just received a call from this number. Who is this?"

His tone had stern authority and it wasn't the gentle and friendly way he spoke to me on the plane. I was too nervous to speak and his tone gave me goose bumps.

He then said, "Hello." Almost checking if the person was still there.

I then softly said, "Hello."

He said in soft gentle voice almost questioningly, "Maryam?"

How did he know it was me? I only said hello. How did he know my voice from just meeting me once?

I was still nervous and quietly said, "Yes."

His tone changed and I felt a warmth radiate from him when he learned it was me. It helped calm my nerves.

We eased into normal conversation and I talked about my plans for the week and he talked about his restaurant. I found him so easy to talk to and I could open up about myself.

He told me about his humble upbringing and his life. I was able to open up about my problems with my former family in law. He showed a lot of empathy and I found we shared a lot in common. I liked listening to him talk about his childhood. He talked about how they had very little money and he had to work from an early age but he was happier then than he is now as the simple joy of playing street cricket with his friends was what he looked forward to all week.

I was able to share my memories with him and we talked until the early hours. As I heard him talk I could not help myself and I began circling my nipples. There was a sexual energy that I felt in my body when I spoke to him but the conversation remained civil.

It was 4.00am and I had not realised and then he said, "I have been thinking that you work so hard and your job is not helping you. I want you to work for me as my personal assistant. I have never had one before but I want to help you. I will pay you more than your double salary and you will be able to work normal hours."

I felt guilty about the proposal, "Sir, I called because I just liked talking to you. I don't need money or help. I will find my own way."

He said, "I have been in your place when you are struggling and you can't see a way out. I want to help you. Come to my hotel room tomorrow at 2.00pm to discuss the details."
