 Christy, smiled sweetly as she checked each passengers ticket boarding the late night flight from Brisbane to Wellington, one man in particular caught her eye. He was tall with broad shoulders and a shaved head, he was at least 40 she thought and very well dressed. So far he was the only one seated in business class. His smile stuck in her mind as everyone settled in their seats and the crew went throw the safety talks and then the plane taxied down the runway.

A half hour into the flight everyone seemed to have settled in and were sleeping, Christy slipped into business class to take a peek at the man. He had a brief case open and was reading some papers when she stepped up beside him.

"Could I get you a drink or something sir?" she asked.

"Something else would be nice!" he said looking up and down her body raising his eyebrows.

Kristy felt a moist warm spot in her panties as he throw his pen onto the seats across from her and he then asked her if she could pass it back to him.

She turned around and bent over the armrest to pick it up, his hands grabbed her on the arse and massaged her buttocks throw her skirt. One hand slid down her leg and slowly up the inside of her of her skirt. He drew in a deep breath and was surprised to find she wore thigh high stockings; his hand slid a little higher to find she only wore a g-string. She gasped as his hand rubbed against the outside of her panties and she felt her nipples grow erect. She knew she should stop this but it felt way to good. His fingers were concentrating on her clit and she could not resist the urge to press herself onto his hand.

Her panties soaking wet and her panting madly his hands left her body. She tried to regain her composure as she turned to hand him his pen but he reached up and cupped her breast, pinching her nipples throw her blouse. She thought her legs were going to give up on her from the share pleasure this man was inflicting upon her. He pulled her gently so she was kneeling on the seat next to him. His mouth closed over her still covered breast and he gently bit on her breast. Her hand slid down and rubbed the bulge in his trousers. She could feel his need for release from the confines of his trousers and she slowly undid the fly.

His penis was a good seven inches and had a wide girth. She slid her hand up and down taking in the silky shaft's contours as she did. His teeth dug into her breast a bit harder and she flicked the tip of her finger across the head of his penis. She wanted to taste him so badly.

"You know I could lose my job if we are caught!" She hissed as his hand slid back up her skirt.

"Well then why don't we take this somewhere where we won't be caught." He said.

They rose from the seat and she checked to make sure nobody was watching as she led him down the isle to the toilets. They locked the door and he pressed himself against her kissing her hard. Both his hands worked on undoing the buttons on her blouse while hers worked on his belt buckle. He broke the kiss and his mouth went straight to her breast where he sucked on her nipples one at a time throw her bra. Quickly he pulled the straps from her shoulders not bothering with the clip he pulled it down to expose her large breasts.

"OH fuck lady you have great tits." He moaned into them before taking as much as he could into his mouth. 

Her hands grabbed the back of his smoothly shaven head and she leaned back against the door to steady herself. His hands hitched her skirt up around hips and pushed his hand down the front of her panties to feel her neatly trimmed soaking pussy. 

"MMMMMMMMMMM, that feels nice!" she groaned.

His fingers slipped into the folds of her pussy to rub against her clit, her hips started moving with the pleasure he was inflicting. 

"Your loving this aren't you? Tell me how much you like my fingers on your pussy!" He said as he pushed a finger into her cunt. 

"Yes yes I love your fingers in my pussy." She moaned as he added another finger.

"How would you like me to eat your pussy, yes I am sure you would, your so hot and wet and I want to taste that, now left your leg up on there."

He lifted her leg onto the toilet bowl and knelt down between her open legs, keeping his fingers inside her he flicked his tongue across her clit. Her mussels began to contract immediately in an over powering orgasm and she covered his face with her juices. He licked and sucked her throw another orgasm before pulling his fingers out and standing up.

He lent against the sink as she dropped to her knees and licked the pre cum off the head and then flicked her tongue over the head of his 7-inch cock. Slowly she took him in her mouth and sucked up and down his shaft 

"OH YEAH, SUCK MY COCK!" he hissed. She increased the depth and speed of her sucking so that his cock was deep in her throat. His guided her depth with his fingers tangled in her hair. She could tell it was not going to be long before he cum and she sucked faster and faster. "YES BABY YES OH YES I am going to fill your throat with my cum and you are going to swallow the lot."

She swallowed as fast as she could but there was just to much and it spilled out the corners of her mouth and dripped down onto her breasts. His hands reached down and massaged the thick liquid over her nipples.

He pulled her to her feet and spun her around and bent her over the toilet seat, his cock still hard he entered her in one thrust. She pushed back hard against him and she could feel another orgasm building. One hand reached up and was squeezing and pulling on her nipples one at a time, while the other reached around to pinch and rub her clit.

"OH FUCK ME FUCK ME HARD. YES OH GOD YES I AM CUMMING." She moaned. Never before had she felt anything like this, nobody had ever made her cum the way she was right now.

"Lady you got one tight pussy there. Oh yes it feels real nice. You are one good fuck, oh yeah I love a nice tight pussy. Oh yeah here I cum, I am going to blow my load right up the fucking delicious cunt of yours." His breathing was ragged and he rammed his cock in her fast and hard. He felt her mussels grab his cock and milk him for all he was worth, it was too much for him and he blew stream after stream of hot cock juice into her. He clasped onto her back, while they both caught their breath then redressed and composed themselves.

Kristy stepped back through the curtains into the staff quarters of the plane and quickly touched up her make up and straightened her hair before returning to the economy cabin. Pam, her friend and co-worker gave her a wink but no words were spoken between the two.

The flight went well and now the passengers were disembarking in Wellington, the man from business class was last to leave the plane.

"Thanks darl, you were great, see you again." He winked as he walked past her. A pink glow rose up her neck and cheeks.

"Bye John." called Pam as Kristy's husband disappeared down the walkway to the customs lounge.