 "Unclip it," the middle-aged, but well preserved woman said to the young man as she turned her back on him. She was wearing just a black thong, holdup stockings, high heeled, black patent shoes and a bra cut acutely across her ample breasts.

"Really?" He stammered feeling slightly embarrassed in front of his hundred or so rugby club friends at their annual stag dinner.

"Yes of course," she smiled running her fingertips down his cheek and neck and onto his chest.

He fumbled at the intricacies of a woman's bra clasp as her dark blue, square cut nails with white cuticles fiddled their way inside his shirt. He got it undone at last and was greeted with a loud cheer from his mates. The woman smiled and held the cups of the bra in place with her other hand as she fumbled a couple of buttons undone on the young guy's shirt. 

"Mmmm nice," she said as she saw his quite hairy chest. She ran her fingers through the hairs on his well-defined breasts. "Mmmm very, very nice" she continued letting her other hand drop so that she bared both of her breasts. 

The crowd cheered and clapped when she threw the bra into the middle of the small dance floor so she could retrieve it when she had finished her striptease or, erotic dance as MILF liked to call it.

She had a good figure, particularly for her age for she was forty-four. She was quite tall around five feet nine and she carried a little excess weight being just over ten stones, one hundred and forty pounds. Her legs were long and shapely although a little chunky at the top. Her bum was rounded and full yet relatively firm, her stomach had a slight bulge and her waist had seen better days, but was still fairly trim. It was her breasts, however, that were her crowning glory. Full, round and firm they were a delicious thirty six DD cup and it was the tips of them that she now pressed against the rugby player's hairy and muscular chest.

"Mmmmmm very, very, very nice," she said loud enough for the crowd to hear.

To loud cheers and catcalls she ran her nipples through the hairs on his chest and slid her hand downwards and stroked his very obvious erection through his jeans.

"Oh yes you are a big boy aren't you and very pleased to see me too I can tell."

The nearly naked woman wriggled away from the young guy and onto the brightly lit, small dance floor. Standing in the middle she swayed to the music running her hands up and down her body. She cupped and squeezed her breasts, pinched and pulled her nipples and rubbed her pubic mound inside the thong that barely covered her landing strip of pubic hairs. Unbeknown to the aroused men she was as sexually excited as they were.

"Who wants to take my thong off?" She asked flashing a beaming big smile to the crowd.

*

I had been an erotic dancer with MILF for over six months now and had enjoyed and been thrilled by every moment. I had got a fantastic amount of excitement, pleasure and sexual satisfaction from dancing, stripping, touching men, letting them touch me and then masturbating in front of them. I hadn't yet 'gone all the way' in front of an audience, but I knew that the agency was priming me for that and, to be honest I couldn't wait.

That brings me on to the other reasons I was doing this. The real ones I guess and not the conscious salving ones I have mentioned.

Although Ben, my, just about, husband was thinking we were getting on better and in some ways we were that had nothing to do with him and me. We were getting along more amicably because, quite frankly, I was sexually satisfying myself. The charge I got from stripping and having the men ogle my body carried over to when I went up north to where he lived and to when I had the most marvellous masturbation sessions generally alone, but occasionally with Mike or another cyber lover. On top of that as I performed at the elite events, although I hadn't yet had full sex, jacking off in front of an audience gave me so much pleasure. I could only speculate what it would be like when I was eventually fucked in front of one.

The strain of living 250 miles apart, as he worked in northern England and I was Londoner through and through and nothing, not even to save my marriage, would get me to live up there, as nice as the people are, had taken their toll on our relationship. I had over the past year or so come to realise that almost the only thing holding it together was the slightly unusual sexual relationship that we had.

Posing for Ben in varying degrees of undress as he photographed me had made me aware that I had an exhibitionist streak. But I had no idea just how strong it was, how far I would go with it and just how much sexual pleasure I could get from it. That was the other reason I was less moody around Ben. I knew that as soon as I returned to London I would be able to feed that exhibitionist habit by performing either, in front of a large audience in a pub or at a club dinner or, to a smaller, more intimate gathering in a house or apartment.

So I had my reasons for my Belle de Jour existence and was looking forward to gaining more and more exhibitionist experiences.

*

Lisa is gorgeous. Not beautiful, but striking and very glamorous. She's tall around five ten and slim with long, possibly too long for a near fifty-year-old, blonde hair that tumbles onto her shoulders. She has fantastic legs, a great bum and a completely bald pubic mound. Her boobs have been worked on for they are probably slightly too large for her frame, but she needed such size when she was doing glamour modelling and escort work when she was younger. I had seen all that when she trained me and showed me how to strip in the most seductive way. Oh yes Lisa is also lesbian.

"We think it's time Jayne," she said when I visited the office to get my briefing on my next assignment.

MILF Dancers were extremely well organized. We always got a detailed brief on the customers and the events including who we should play up to, let fondle us, make a special fuss of or let fuck us. They also provided transport together with a minder and gave us bleepers just in case.

"For what Lisa?" I asked sipping the mineral water as I sat on the sofa in her office; Carlton, her partner and lover was on vacation in Barbados so we were alone.

"Well darling," she beamed leaning forward so that the loose front of her designer dress gaped. "You know what I most want, so it could be that."

"I've told you a hundred time Lisa that I am not really into girls, I am strictly a cock girl," I lied, hopefully convincingly.

"Yes they all say that," she sighed pausing before adding,... "For a while" as she flicked her hair back and sat next to me on the sofa so that our knees were almost touching.

She was wearing a camel coloured dress that was sleeveless and had gilt buttons all the way up the front. Several were undone at the bottom so as she sat each side of the skirt fell away from her shapely, tanned, bare legs. I couldn't help but look and was greeted by seeing a patch of her blue panties. She saw me looking and putting her head on one side smiling and again leaning forward she rested her fingers on my bare leg where the skirt of my loose, white dress had ridden up my legs and whispered.

"You sure Jayne?"

The truth, which I couldn't or wouldn't admit to was that I wasn't sure. Since starting with MILF I had been surrounded by sex of all types including lots of bi and lesbian stuff. I had been told that at least half the older MILF team and even more of the GIRLY group put on les shows for the punters, with many of them having done something with Lisa. I heard rumours that several had not confined their activities with her to work either. Although like many or most women of my age I had dabbled with other women, I had not done anything extreme and the relationships had not been very intense. That said, I had enjoyed them and I was certainly not averse to trying more, but I did not want to seem to Lisa to be too eager or, odd with what was going on with the shows, too easy..

"Oh Lisa no, no I am not very sure."

"Really darling?"

"Oh I don't know, my whole life is going fucking crazy."

"Sure you don't mean it's going crazy fucking."

"I laughed, well that too I guess."

I told her how things seemed to be better with Ben and that even the sex with him, although less frequent had improved since I had been with MILF.

"It's because you are expressing yourself more, doing what deep down you along with many or most women would like to do," she whispered sliding her arm round my shoulders, pulling me against her and sliding her hand up my leg so that it touched my panties. 

"Oh Lisa, I just don't know," I sighed as she pressed on the side of my face turning it so I faced her.

"I do darling, I know very well."

"Know what?"

"Exactly what you should do."

"And what's that?" I asked knowing full well what the answer would be.

And it was for as she kissed me, she slid her hand that last couple of inches up my leg to cup my pussy and whispered. "For Lisa to fuck you."

*

"She fucked me on her office sofa this afternoon," I told Mike that evening as we sat watching each other on cam and chatting.

"How was it?" he asked unbuttoning his shirt and removing it.

Mike's in his early fifties. He's married with three kids and lives in Aberdeen but comes from Boston where he goes home to for a week every month, so we'll never meet, we both know that. He plays tennis and golf and is a regular gym user, so he has a great physique and a beautiful cock. Above all else he's interesting, the most important thing to me with a man.

"Pretty good," I told him slipping the arms of the white dress off my shoulders and pulling it down so it was bunched round my waist; I hadn't bothered with a bra.

"You look good Jayne."

"Thanks, you don't look so bad yourself," I told him as he slid his jeans off. "No socks I hope."

Smiling he replied. "No, I have learned," as he lifted his leg up and showed me his bare foot.

"How far did you go with Lisa?" He asked as I lifted myself off the office chair in my study and pulled my dress off; I hadn't bothered with knickers either.

"You look fantastic naked Jayne."

"Oddly that's exactly what Lisa said this afternoon," I smiled as I started caressing my breasts and rubbing my mound that I had shaved just the day before.

Looking at each other via the cam, as I told him the details of what had gone on with Lisa that afternoon, we both slowly brought ourselves to a climax. I was sort of snuggled up in the leather office chair my legs firmly clamped round my hand that was between them with the fingers rubbing my clit and sliding in and out of my cunt. I knew he wouldn't be able to see that much of the action, but he had seen it several times before and at least he saw my eyes closed and my face with my mouth open to look at as he slowly pumped his cock to ejaculation.

*

Removing her hand from between my legs and sitting up as she reverted to her business as opposed to seductress mode she flashed me a big smile showing her beautifully veneered teeth and said.

"Time darling for you to get fucked."

Both what she said and the way she said it made my heart thump. 'At last it was going to happen.'

"Really"

"Yes Jayne really you ok with that?"

"Yes I am very ok, I suppose I want to do it."

She went on to explain that it would be at a private party of ten or so men who had been clients for years. The guy giving the party owned a small but highly profitable hedge fund and each year he invited a number of his top clients to a dinner with a little entertainment such as strippers and women to fuck. I was going to be one of those. Lisa explained that the basic fee would be two thousand pounds, but that almost certainly tips would double that. This was another reason, albeit a peripheral one, for me joining the agency. I had become convinced that Ben and I would divorce and I wanted to stash as much cash away in my private accounts as I could. I had realised also that it was not just the buzz that I was after with B de J activities!

"It's not just the fucking, though love, that they want they want you to have dinner with them and almost make out you and Maggie are their girl or more to the point their older women friends." 

Lisa explained that there were only two guys who wanted sex in front of the others.

"So you'll be with Maggie again, they wanted two MILFS," she smiled.

"Why?"

"Well it's a young man's fantasy and the two that want sex are both in their twenties and prefer us older women."

"So is it the same format as usual?"

"Pretty much but you'll have dinner with them probably moving round the table between courses so wear something revealing and easy to get into."

"What do you mean?"

"Well as you move to partners the old ones will want to say goodbye and the new ones hello and that will, as it often does as you know only too well in real life, mean some groping." 

"Ok no problems," I replied surprising myself how easily I reacted to that as she stroked my hair.

"The running order and the agenda for these guys is always loose and more goes with the flow. They are one of our oldest clients."

"So, we don't know what'll happen?"

"Not really but as the dinner rolls on it's likely that you and Maggie might lose some clothes and as it finishes you may well go into the normal routine. You'll do the first ten minutes or so staying fully dressed and then getting down to your underwear, if you haven't at dinner."

"What both of us at once?"

"Yes, that way they can decide who goes with whom whilst you have a break."

"And after that?"

"Usual stuff, flitting around in your undies or not, sitting on laps, letting someone remove your bra then panties and play with those lovely, big tits a bit. Usual stuff"

"And then?"

"Well then Jayne darling," she said standing up and moving in front of me so as I looked up my eyes were at her pussy level. "You get fucked."

"Just the once?"

"No not necessarily."

"Huh?"

"Well only the two want to have sex, but they may want to swap and of course others may change their mind and want to get some of what's going on so, babe you might get lucky and get done twice or more."

"Gee thanks," I replied smiling as my heart started to pound. 'It's really happening' I thought. 'My Belle de Jour is getting nearer.

"Any other rules?"

"Only that if they want sex then they have to do it in front of the others, after all we are erotic artists not hookers aren't we?"

*

I could hardly contain myself over the next few days waiting for my 'initiation.' I rang Maggie and we had a good chat. Although she'd had full sex quite a few times she said she was very nervous.

The car collected me at nine in the evening for the drive to Marylebone Station to meet Maggie and then onto the apartment that was tucked round the back of Harrods in a small mews.

"Hello luv?" Maggie said clambering into the back of the Merc. "Just you and me this time?"

"So it seems."

"It's your first isn't it?"

"Er yes as a matter of fact it is," I replied feeling somewhat inadequate.

"Don't worry, I did their party last year, they are a nice bunch."

"Do we er, um do it in the same room?"

Maggie smiled. "Of course, having another woman there adds something."

"Yes I suppose it does."

"And as the briefing said we dance and undress at the same time, so I will be showing you mine as you show me yours," Maggie said rather pointedly looking at my chest and laughing.

Although I had been to one do with her and had seen her body when she came 'off stage', she had been holding her clothes against her nudity so I hadn't seen her in all her glory For some reason, sitting in the back of the Merc our legs nearly touching the prospect of her 'showing me hers rather excited me.

Maggie is a big girl all round. She's tall around five nine and must weigh well over ten stones, around one forty-five pounds, possibly more although it's all in proportion so there's no spare flesh or bulging parts. She has 'big hair.' Deep auburn, almost fashionably red it's long and curly and tumbles down onto her broad shoulders. And of course, she has big tits, probably up round the thirty seven or eight double D. And as she said about showing me hers it was those bare that flashed into my mind and sent a little frisson of sexual excitement through me.

'What the hell's all that about?' I asked myself.

We were shown into a bedroom on the fourth floor of the very elegant townhouse behind Harrod's in Knightsbridge. Guy the drive cum minder carried our bags in had a quick look round and a chat with the host and then went outside to stay in the car until we had finished when we would call him.

Karl, the host came in with a bottle of champagne, Cristal I noticed, and two flutes.

"I take it Lisa and Carlton allow you to drink on duty."

"Only in moderation of course," Maggie replied as he gave her a peck on the cheek.

"Welcome back Maggie and welcome for your first visit Jayne," he said also pecking me on the cheek.

Heavily tanned Karl looked to be in his early forties. He wasn't so much good looking as distinguished and he had great presence. He explained that they had finished dinner and were having port and brandy and smoking cigars. "I hope you aren't allergic to smoke" he smiled. 

We gave him the iPod with our music and he said he'd connect it up to the sound system and for us to just come down to the dining room on the floor below when we were ready. I desperately wanted to ask who I would be having sex with, but as Maggie said nothing I kept silent.

"I thought we were supposed to join them for dinner and er, um get passed round," I said to Maggie when Karl had gone.

"As Lisa must have told you this is all unplanned it just happens."

We got changed on either side of the bed in the large room. As Maggie undressed and showered I found myself casting sly glances at her body and particularly her spectacular chest. She really was something and I could imagine any young guy with an older woman inclination fancying her madly. Although my tits are well up there in the D+ range with very prominent nipples they looked nowhere near as full as hers which must have been in the E or F size.

When I came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel she was dressed. As we'd agreed she was wearing a full-length, black lacy robe that had slits up the sides and was cut low at the front. After putting on a skimpy white, diaphanous bra, a matching suspender belt, white, lacy top stockings and luxuriant, white silk, French knickers I slipped into a similar robe, but in white. 

We went down into the lounge cum dining room and I was nearly overwhelmed by the strong smell of what were almost certainly Cuban cigars. The room was clouded with the smoke. We were introduced to the ten diners who were sitting round a long table. Karl got up and went to a cabinet, pressed some buttons and our music started.

"Ok ladies time to earn your pennies."

We danced around, swayed, gyrated on the spot gradually showing more and more of our legs right up to and above our panties. The men's eyes seemed to be bulging as they saw Maggie's black hold ups and my stockings, her thong and my French knickers. We had both been taught by Lisa who had told us that at this stage of our show men found flashes of panties and bras very stimulating and that we should always take our time. Hence, we moved around the room and the table getting closer to the guys and giving them really clear views of our bodies.

Maggie sat on one guy's lap and rubbed her breasts over his face as I stood right in front of a guy who could hardly have been more than twenty five. I had my back to him and I slowly bent down and touched my toes letting the skirt of the robe fall away at each side thus, showing him my bum in the silk knickers. We both did several more things like that so that we had been up close and fairly intimate with all ten blokes. They were perfectly well behaved and there hadn't been any undue groping, yet. We both knew though that was simply a matter of time and more booze.
