 Hi my names Christine (Chris to my friends) I'm thirty years old and married with a six year old son. I've never written anything before but felt I wanted to write about an experience I had recently.

About two weeks before the summer holidays a new girl started at our local village school and unusually she was brought to school by a male, I presumed her father. I saw him every day but didn't speak to him.

At the start of the new term in September we as parents had our usual monthly meeting, in school after dropping off our kids. In that meeting I learnt that the mystery mans name was Tony. After the meeting I started walking home and found that Tony was walking in the same direction, he had only ever driven away before. We joined up and got talking, mostly school things that had been mentioned at the meeting. When we got to my house I invited Tony in for coffee and he accepted.

We went into the kitchen-dinner and I put the kettle on. Whilst waiting for the kettle to boil I apologised to Tony for the way the school meeting had started. During informal talk before the meeting proper several of the mothers had been chatting about what they thought of the new head-master, in the sexual sense. Tony said it wasn't a problem. I told him it was just women and that he'd been the topic of the discussions prior to the holidays. He wanted to know what the ladies thought and I told him that they were complimentary. 

He then asked what my opinion was and I told him that I had said I wouldn't kick him out of bed. We both laughed and then the conversation moved on. I told him that I was married to Nigel a company secretary who works in Cambridge and he told me that his wife Gill was a barrister working mainly in London but all over the country. I told him that Nigel was often away from home on business. We talked a little more and I then cleared the coffee things to the sink. Tony followed and stood behind me. "Just so you know I wouldn't kick you out of bed either," he said light-heartedly.

"I'd have to be in bed first," I replied flippantly.

"That's true," he carried on, chuckling to himself. "But if you were I'm sure we'd find plenty to do."

"And what might that be?" I replied teasingly and without thinking.

"Do you want me to tell you or show you?" he continued.

"Uhmmm.............. let me think," I replied trying to gain time to get my head together. This had turned more serious, but was still good natured. I suddenly felt his hand stroking my buttock through my leggings. "Tell me!" I uttered in shock. 

His hands were now squeezing my buttocks. "Too late! Perhaps I'll have to tell you whilst I show you." 

One of his hands was now stroking between my legs, it felt naughty, risky but nice. I turned to look at him and said in a hushed voice "Tony let's go to bed." I took his hand and led him through the bungalow to mine and Nigel's room. Once there, and as we were standing, Tony gave me a very slow passionate kiss. His tongue was exploring my mouth and I found myself responding likewise. Our lips eventually parted "Just be gentle."

"Don't worry Chris, we'll take it slow, we won't be doing anything you don't want. Let me undress you so I can see that gorgeous little body.I'm only small, five feet two with a firm 34A bust, which I am proud of. Tony removed my t-shirt and lowered my leggings; I was standing in black bra and panties. Tony unclipped my bra and removed it. "Lovely little tits with perky nipples," he said before squeezing each breast and suckling each nipple. 

He led me to sit on the end of the bed. He removed his own clothes leaving on only his briefs. He pushed my knees and legs apart and knelt, on the floor, between them. He reached up and started pulling at my panties sliding them down to my ankles and off. "Nicely trimmed, ready for licking." With that he lowered his head and I felt his tongue parting my pussy lips and licking down towards my love hole. He was slow and gentle, unlike Nigel, taking time to lick my slit and probe into my hole. I was enjoying this. I could hear him slurping at my slit. I knew I was breathing deeper and moaning satisfaction. 

"You're lovely and moist and taste good. Now to give your clit some attention." He pulled me open with his hands. "Mmmm, a nice sized clit, lets see if we can tease it out of its little hood." I flinched as his thumb and forefinger made the first contact, pressing either side of my button. "Lovely and sensitive, that's good." It felt fantastic; he was working my clit very slowly and gently. I then felt his tongue on my love button and he started licking. I'd never felt a sensation like it before it was so intense. 

I found out later that he'd worked my clit until my glans was exposed from the hood before tonguing. He'd done it to make me extra sensitive. No one had ever played with me like this before and he was obviously well practiced and skilful. I wanted more of him and had started lifting my hips in order to push my pussy closer to his mouth. He was teasing me, gradually building me up before slowing his attentions and then raising me up again. He kept me going for ages and I knew the volume of my moaning had increased. 

Eventually he did it, no more slowing, he was making me cum. It was a powerful climax that had the whole of my body shuddering and twitching involuntarily. I'd rarely climaxed like that before. 

Tony stayed between my legs, until I'd regained my composure, slowly soothing me with his tongue and licking and tasting all my love juice. As he got to his feet he took my hands and raised me to sit on the end of the bed. He lowered his briefs. "I want you to get me nice and hard," he instructed as I looked at the extremely fat, semi flaccid, circumcised cock that was in front of me. I could also see a pair of very large balls, surrounded by a mat of dark hair. I took hold of his cock in my right hand and gently rubbed it up and down, he was certainly a 'big boy'. I cupped his balls in my left hand, they were sizeable and heavy. As he started to harden I lowered my mouth and took his substantial cock head inside. That first taste was wonderful as I licked my tongue all over it. 

I was apparently satisfying him if his little sighs of pleasure and rapidly hardening cock were anything to go by. I could no longer close my fist around his shaft. I have since discovered that his length matches his girth, both at an incredible eight inches and his cock head accounts for a little over two inches of his length. I have quite a small mouth and I knew I wasn't going to get much more than the head in comfortably, although I do enjoy deep-throating lesser sized appendages. 

I was sucking on his head and letting my saliva slip down and cover his shaft which I was stroking with both hands. After a lengthy bout of sucking Tony pulled away a little and his cock left my mouth. "Squeeze it from the bottom up," he instructed. I did as requested and after repeating a few times I was rewarded by seeing some clear shiny liquid ooze out of his tip. It was a quantity of pre-cum which I eagerly licked off, it tasted good. "Do you want me to rubber up?" he questioned.

"No, 'au naturelle' is fine with me," I replied. I wanted his big cock without any constraints.

"That's nice. Do you like doggy?"

"Mmmm very much."

"Kneel here then," he said indicating the end of the bed. I followed his instructions, kneeling on the bed with my knees apart a little and bum in the air. He was stood on the floor behind me. I could feel his hands pulling my pussy lips open and then the head of his cock pressing at the entrance to my love hole. His head began opening me up and stretching me. I was very wet, in anticipation and following the licking I'd received . He slid in slowly and he penetrated me little by little until he had the whole of his cock inside me. I was in heaven, I'd never had so much meat up me before nor been stretched as wide. 

Tony kept his cock buried deep inside me for a little while before starting to slide it unhurriedly in and out of my hole. He had begun fucking me for real, and I wanted it. I felt very comfortable with Tony and he was always checking if I was O.K and enjoying it. Who wouldn't be happy taking his cock? 

There was no rush as Tony continued his long easy strokes in and out of me. He then leant forward and taking my hands he moved my arms by my sides and then slightly behind me. He was now fully in control of my body, pulling on my arms, like the reins on a horse, as he started to pound his cock harder and deeper inside me. I knew I was moaning and breathing loudly and this was matched by Tony's grunts and groans each time he thrusted into me. This was terrific; I'd not experienced having myself done by someone whom I trusted with every move before. 

Tony placed both my hands in the small of my back, holding them with one hand. He reached underneath me with the other and started to finger my clit whilst continuing to pump his cock in and out of me. I felt the feeling building up in my stomach as Tony made me cum again. My knees became weak and Tony, supporting me with his arm underneath me, lowered me down until I was lying face down on the bed. He was lying on top of me. He hadn't removed his cock and was now slowly reducing his thrusting as my climax subsided.

His still hard cock eventually slipped out of me as he rolled to one side. I felt very satisfied, but Tony wasn't finished. He rolled me on to my back, pulled my legs open, got between them and holding my legs slowly pulled my pussy on to his cock. He started to fuck me once more lovely long slow strokes as his hands and fingers played with my boobs and nipples. My legs were then lifted up and pushed back towards my head. This was followed by deep, hard, penetration as Tony increased the pace of my fucking. He continued pounding until he had me screaming as he was making me cum once more. He slowed down and gently manoeuvred me until he was on his back and I was sitting impaled on his cock. "Chris take your time but fuck me at your pace." 

I lay forwards, my boobs resting on his chest and started rocking gently so his cock was sliding slowly in and out of my hole and my clit was lightly rubbing against him. It felt so good, warm and safe like this and I continued for some time. I moved until I was sitting upright and Tony's cock was completely inside. I started to ride him hard bouncing up and down on his meat, I wanted him to cum. Tony had started playing with my clit and it was me who ended up covering his cock with cum as I climaxed again.

After resting I lifted myself of his cock and lay next to him slowly sliding my hand up and down his still erect meat whilst snuggling into his chest. "Chris would you do me a big favour, I'd like you to eat my cum," he whispered quietly in my ear. Without reply I slid down his chest and stomach and took his cock in my mouth once more. I sucked on his head and worked my hands up and down his length, jacking him. He was making small groans of pleasure until he gave out one long moan as spurt after spurt of hot thick spunk filled my mouth. His cock was twitching for some time as I made sure his balls were emptied of their wonderful sticky sperm. He tasted fantastic and I swallowed every drop.

We snuggled together in silence. Tony gently stroking my hair with the occasional caress of my boobs.

"Chris thanks for letting me fuck you. You were terrific."

"Oh no! It's thank you. I've never been made to cum so hard and as many times in one session before."

"It takes two to tango and fucking you was effortless. You are obviously a very horny and randy lady who enjoys being fucked."

"I wouldn't say that. You're my first extramarital encounter."

"Wow! How long's that?"

"Seven years."

"That's a long time. Have you never been tempted before?"

"No. I'd never really thought about it or needed to until recently. Nigel had always taken good care of me, until his promotion, but now his time is taken up with company business. I take it this is not your first time?"

"You're right it's not and I sought pleasure elsewhere for much the same reasons as you. Gill is working during the day, often away, and brings mountains of work home when she is here. Sex with her these days is infrequent and brief. We used to have extended bouts of love-making, especially at week-ends, but now she's even stopped tasting my cum, hence my request to you. You seemed to enjoy it?"

"I certainly did. You gave me such a big load. You've got excellent tasting spunk."

"Thank you. I'm glad you liked it. I haven't given a lady any for nearly two months and I hadn't cum for four days. Your love juice is pretty tasty and you produce plenty."

"That was down to you and that amazing cock of yours. It kept hard for so long........................... You know that you are my first, who was yours?"

"Ha ha," he laughed "My first was my sister-in-law. Gill's brother's wife. A liaison whilst the families were on holiday together about two years ago, and now a regular event about twice or three times a year."

"You are a naughty boy. Have you had others?"

"Several...................... You need to get yourself fucked more often and experience some variety. You can take it I'm sure and you'd enjoy it."

Am I your first since moving here?"

"You are."

"Did you plan this?"

"Not exactly, but I have been looking around especially at one or two MILF's up at the school."

"Was I one of them?"

"Yes you were."

"Which others do you fancy?"

"Michelle, because I think she's pretty and the youngest and Rupinda."

"You like young ones then?"

"I like all ages. The older ones have experience and I like teaching younger ones something new. I had an eighteen year old about once a fortnight before moving here. My next door neighbours daughter who I instructed virtually from scratch." 

"I bet you enjoyed doing that."

"It was really good and she enjoyed it as well. I hope to see her again as she's said she'll try and see me on a break from university."

"Why Rupinda?"

"I think it would be fun to have an Asian, I've not had one before, and she looks like she'd be good in bed." We didn't talk further for a while.

"Would you like a shower?"

"Only if you'll join me."

We both got under the shower. Tony started soaping my boobs with both his hands then one went down my stomach and continued on to play with my pussy. I looked down to watch him and caught sight of his hard cock. He turned me round facing the wall. He spread my legs. Leaning forward slightly and putting my hands in front of me, high up on the tiles for balance, I was ready to be taken again. It was good as Tony fucked me hard, under the torrent, until he made me cum. I went down and sucked his cock and got my mouth filled with my second load of the day. We got out of the shower, got dressed and before Tony left I'd asked him to come round again so he could fuck me some more and he'd agreed.

It was a funny feeling on picking Daniel up from school at the end of the day. I was talking with Tony knowing what we'd done and to Michelle and Rupinda knowing what Tony would like to do with them.