 If you read "MILF Fucks Young Waiter" this is the sequel. I couldn't help reliving that memory of Dee drunk at our favorite brewpub. I set it up so she fucked Jay the 26 year old small built waiter that she told me she thought was "cute." We would be having sex and I would start picturing that night scene every time we had sex. I would start banging so hard my abdominal muscles would ache the next morning. Of course she loved it and thought none the wiser, as she literally has drunk induced amnesia and recalls nothing when she's loaded. Let alone that she received two loads in her that night. Mine and young Jays.

We would still frequent that place and Jay never let on either. He and I would just exchange knowing grins when she wasn't looking from time to time. The other young male staff members, the bartenders and servers became extra attentive to us ever since that night. Obviously, Jay spread the experience he had with Dee to the other guys being young and male. I suppose they must've thought if they put their best foot forward to us, they would get a special "reward." I found it amusing actually. I doubt Dee even noticed the extra attention.

On the nights that I wanted to do something sexual with her at the pub? Sometimes I would get her a few drinks before we'd go to speed things up. She's also a light weight so two beers or two glasses of wine she's well on her way. On those nights? She'd be more open to dressing sexy through my asking. She normally wouldn't wear a skirt when we'd go out. BUT if a buzz was in place? She'd be happy to comply. She had a set of low buttoned tops that were fitted she liked to wear with a camisole under them and untucked. A few different colors, black, white, maroon, and white pin stripped. It was a great look for her, highlighting her shape and big tits to their best advantage. I would ask her to wear extra make up those nights to look sexier as well. My personal favorites were the white or the pinstriped top with a short black skirt. I would have her wear a camisole with no bra and black thigh high nylons. And the last thing for "easy entertaining" so to speak I would have her wear no panties either.

On one occasion, we finally lived out one of our of the fantasies of giving me a blow job in the downstairs antique phone booth. It is set up in the hallway on the way to the rest rooms where anyone who happened to walk by at that time could see us. (Not that being seen or caught was ever part of the fantasy!)

I have fucked her again on a few occasions by having her seated spread eagle on the Men's room counter where both Jay and I fucked her the first time. I have taken her in the Janitorial closet, bent her over and doggy fucked her. So much better and hotter being able to just flip up her skirt no undies and fuck her at will. Later in the night, when seated outside on the deck overlooking the river and lighting would be dim, we'd get a table near the wall. I would reach under the table and finger her. Then I'd play with her clit until make her cum right there at the table. Of course even drunk, she would restrain herself from crying out. But man was that a turn watching her silently shudder her orgasm right there at the table! In fact I'm getting stiff just recalling that image as I write this!

So on this particular night, we are both actually feeling the drinks. She has her white pinstriped top with the black skirt, black nylons, light blue camisole, and no bra or panties. She goes to the ladies room and I'm sitting at our table overlooking the river on a clear night. She returns a flustered.

"Wooh!" Dee says, "Life is full of surprises." And she gulps her beer.

"What happened?" I asked.

"I'm coming out of the Ladies room," Dee says, "and....you know there's a wedding going on in the function room right?"

I nod and sip my beer.

Dee continues, "so I'm coming out of the Ladies room, and Kevin (One of the Waiter/Bartenders) is off duty and got a tuxedo on minus the coat. I guess in the wedding party, is waiting outside the Men's room. He sees me and he whistles. I stop and chat for minute right? He puts his arm around me and says, whoah, you look pretty sexy tonight huh? How about you ditch your guy and come home with me?"

I react, "What? He said that? Is he still in the function room?"

"I guess so..." Dee shugs.

I get up and walk into the function and Kevin's on the dance floor. I described my appearance in the first story if you would like to get a physical description of me. If not, 5"9 210lbs mostly solid as I have worked out most of my life. I'm told I look like Bruce Willis with muscles. Kevin is in his late 20's, about 6 feet tall about 185 lbs. Brown hair blue, a thin face, and kind've bulging blue eyes. Honestly? Not attractive but not totally ugly either. He's dancing and apparently had a bit to drink, but not slurring or staggering. I walk up to him and grab his face on the dance floor firmly but not squeezing to hurt.

"Why do you want me to hurt you Kevin?" I state.

He seems unrattled because he has had a few and thinks I'm kidding . As we always had a good report.

Kevin answers, "go head, beat me like a dog!" still thinking I'm kidding.

I release my grip, and say, "if you hit on Dee again I may do that."

He studies my eyes for a second or two. Then a look of revelation appears, and he looks down and away awkwardly.

"Have a good night and behave," I say as I walk back to Dee.

I pull up my chair at the table and sit.

Dee says, "where did you go?"

"To have a word with Kevin," I said.

"You did?" Dee said looking surprised.

Calmly I look back at her sipping my beer, "yeah."

"What did you say?" Dee asks.

"I told him basically not to hit on you or I'd hurt him." I said matter of factly.

"What did he say?" Dee asked.

"Nothing really," I answered, "just felt uncomfortable.

Dee sips her drink processing it all, "well, it's never boring here honey."

"I guess not," I answer.

So now the night goes on and we both get more intoxicated. Dee is acting horny and getting a little physical as usual with me. Groping me under the table, sliding her hand down my pants feeling my ass at the juke box. I fingered her into an orgasm twice during the night under the table.

I go to the Men's room and I hear two servers walk by me talking about Kevin. One server says, "do you believe Kevin tonight? He is sloshed! He tried to reach down my shirt 3 times while I was bussing the tables!"

As they pass by I hear the toilet flush and the Men's room door open. It's Kevin, obviously drunk trying to get his fly unjammed.

"Son of bitch," he says to himself. He looks up and sees me and continues, "Fucking flies suck man!"

I nod as we've all been there at one time or another right? I sympathetically usher him back in the men's room.

"Kevin," I said, "get back in there till you get it under control, there's people out here."

He steps back in a little unsteady on his feet.

"Of course tonight I decide to go commando right? Shit!" he says in frustration through the open door.

So as I'm standing there Dee happens along on her way to the ladies room.

"What's going on?" Dee slurs.

I chuckle, "Kevin's having technical difficulties with his fly."

Dee looks in and giggles, "no shit? That sucks!"

Kevin blurts, "yeah...it SUCKS!"

Dee turns to me, "go help him!"

I raise an eyebrow, "yeah right...and that won't look a little funny right?"

Dee thinks for a minute then shrugs and goes into the ladies room.

Kevin continues to struggle with his fly a few minutes go by. I direct a few guys to the other Men's room saying there's a guy getting sick in there. Dee comes out of the Ladies room and sees me still there.

"Is he still in there?" Dee asks through slurred speech.

"Yeaup," I said.

"Holy shit!" you want me to help him?" Dee asks.

I pause for a minute, then between the booze and the fact that I'm standing right here I think what the Hell.

"Alright come on," I said as I open the door we both enter.

Kevin is still talking to himself leaning up against the sink with drunken clumsy hands trying to free his zipper. As we enter he looks up confused.

"Don't worry," Dee says, "we're here to help." With that she squats down and tries to free his stuck zipper.

I shut the door behind us and Dee starts to struggle with it.

"Ya know what?" Dee says, "you're gonna have to drop them down to take the slack off so I can get it unstuck. I can't think of any other way" Kevin sighs and looks up forgetting that he went commando that night, "fine..."

Dee drops his pants down and his cock bounces out almost in her face. She is surprised by this, and we are both surprised at the size. In it's relaxed state it looked to be about 7 inches long and about as thick as a large banana. I'll admit mine is only average size fully erect. Small when relaxed but it's a grower.

"Oh!" Dee says startled and looks up at Kevin and stares at his cock.

"Shit!" Kevin slurs, "I forgot I didn't wear underwear tonight!"

Dee pauses for a minute, then almost involuntarily through the alcohol removing of inhibitions, reaches out and fondles it almost innocently.

"Wow.." Dee says studying her find, "nice equipment you got there Kevin..."

"Yeah?" Kevin says looking down at her, "what are you gonna do about it?"

"Honey do you see this?" she looks over at me smiling as she now holds it up with one hand and stroke it with the other making him moan.

"Yes I do," I answer somewhat self-consciously but suddenly feeling ok with all this.

Dee looks back at his cock slowly stroking it and feeling his balls with the other hand.

Kevin moaned, ohh come onnn ..."

I looked down at my own crotch which started getting aroused as well.

I left momentarily to the janitor closet and returned to place the "Out of Order" sign in the outside door knob as before and went back in.

Dee was starting to get aroused herself watching Kevin's dick go to full erection.

"Oooo honey," she cooed as he began breathing heavier never taking her eyes of his meat, "look at that nice cock..."

His dick stood up to about 8 inches and grew just a little thicker.

"What do you think?" Dee says to me smiling and inquisitive.

Now I'm in the throes of drunken horniness myself.

"Maybe you should suck it..." I said.

Without another word she slid her mouth around it and started to bob her head up and down on his stiff cock. She alternate her lips and slithering tongue up and down each side of his meat while playing with his balls. She really started to get into it. Kevin closed his eyes in ecstasy rolling his head from side to side.

She paused for moment to grab the base smack herself in the cheek with his dick one of her favorite moves.

"Mmm!" Dee said, "so fucking hard...and big!"

She resumed blowing him as before and Kevin started to shake. He grabbed her hair and started fucking her mouth.

Kevin gasped, "Shit! I'm cummmm! Ughhh!" and he unloaded in her mouth.

Dee gagged as he blasted her mouth full of his thick gooey seed. She swallowed some but couldn't keep up as some drooled out of her mouth on the floor. Dam was this hot!!! He released her hair and leaned back against the counter catching his breath through closed eyes.

"Oh mannn.." Kevin said softly, "she is good!"

As he recovered he sat down on the toilet seat with the lid down leaning back. His big stiff cock never did get soft waving bold in the air. Dee stared at it and glanced at me. She never even waited for a go ahead from me, as she positioned herself over him lifted up her short skirt and lowered her wet pussy down all the way in one drop.

"UGGGH!" Dee gasped when she reached the bottom, "sooo good!"

She started grinding her pussy on him rotating her hips in circles and then started to ride his dick in slow back and forth rocking motion.

"Oh yeaaah...oooh yeeah!" Dee cooed, "it feels great!"

Kevin just sat there enjoying being inside her wet pussy as she fucked him. I walked over and unbuttoned her pinstriped top and pulled out her perfect shaped big tits over her camisole.

Kevin wasted no time in grabbing them and pulled on her nipples and squeezed her big tits roughly making her cry out.

"Oww" Dee said, "easy!"

Without hesitation he started to chew on her nipples and suck them as she fucked him.

"I been looking at these tits every time you come in for a long time!" as she rolled her back and moaned Kevin said, "crying to you boyfriend about me hitting on you eh? Then you suck me off and fuck me?" As he drove upward to meet her downward thrusts. His words got her more turned on and she picked up her speed bouncing up and down on him hard making a slapping sound each time her ass hit his thighs.

Dee cried out, "oh...oh...oh!"

"Yeah?" Kevin continued his banter, "you like my cock? Is it better than Jays... huh?" Proving my theory that Jay bragged.

"AAAHHH!" Dee cried out, she started shuddering and tucked her chin down and grabbed the back of his head and exploded in an intense orgasm. After she stopped cumming, she collapsed on top of Kevin hyperventilating for a minute.

"Oh my God," Dee said softly, "oh my God..."

As she started to recover, she sat up and they stared to make out for a few minutes. They stopped and she stood up off of him and leaned on the counter facing the mirror. Kevin then stood up walked over to her, flipped up her skirt and without reservation or caring that I was there, and pushed his dick all the way into her pussy from behind in one shove. She was so wet there was no friction at all.

"UGGH!" Dee cried out hit the end of her womb.

He picked up his pace and started pumping her hard from behind making a smacking sound each thrust.

"Yeah!" Dee said, "fuck me...fuck me good with that big cock!"

It didn't take Kevin long before he filled her pussy with his second load of the night grunting as he came.

"Grrrr...fuck!" Kevin said. He leaned on her back for a few seconds to recover. Then slowly he pulled up his pants. He grabbed his zipper and now it was unstuck. (I think some cum may have fallen on it and lubed it.)

He looked at me exhausted and drunk. Gave me a limp salute and staggered out of the Men's Room.

Dee sat down on the toilet seat catching her breath.

"Oh honey, that was sooo good," Dee said.

My own pick was throbbing from watching all this I walked over to her and stuck it in front of her face. She looked up at me, then closed her eyes and slid her lips over my aching dick.

"Oh yeah baby!" I said

She sucked my cock the same way she did Kevin's. But slowly and methodical. I looked down at her working on it and picturing that big cock of his in her mouth. I started to fuck her mouth and she moaned.

"Mmmm," Dee said, " I love your cock!"

Within seconds I erupted triggering her gag reflex as I emptied my load in her mouth. She tried to swallow her second load of the night but she was spent and let it dribble down her chin and on her big hanging tits.

I withdrew, we got ourselves together and went home. On the way home she slept like a baby. I had to carry her into the house, undress her and tuck her into bed.

The next morning when we awoke.

"What time did we get home last night? Dee asked.

"About 11 -11:30PM" I answered.

"Did we screw around?" Dee asked.

"Yes," I said, "a couple of times."

"Oh," said Dee rubbing her eyes, "maybe that's why. I had erotic dreams last night."

I held my breath and uttered, "Oh yeah...what were they?"

Dee continued, "We were in the restroom the Brewpub. Kevin was in it too. I ended up having sex with him, then blowing you!"

"Really?" I said, "do you think Kevin is hot?"

Dee shook her head immediately, "Eweh No, not at all! I always thought he was a little creepy. He's got those bug eyes and always stares at my tits when I walk by him."

"Really?" I said, "you never told me that before."

"Well, it isn't something worth bringing up really," Dee said.

"Hmm," I smirked, "well I'm sure he got off over you at one time or another!"

"Funny," Dee said and cuddled me, "only for you honey, only for you."

I looked at the ceiling smiling and thought if only she knew!