 "Squeeze those lovely big tits darling."

"Pinch your nipples, pull 'em, hard."

"Sit on the edge of the bed, open your legs and push your tits together."

"Stand up and take your panties off."

"No leave them half way down your thighs, no push them to just below your knees."

He was issuing a series of commands with which I willingly complied.

"Sit on the edge of the bed."

"Open your legs."

"Show me your pussy."

"Lay back, lift your legs up and open them wide."

"Let me photograph your wet, juicy cunt."

This was how it went when my husband Ben and I had a photo session. We had been doing it for a few years now. It helped spice up our sex life for we never finished a session without having a glorious fuck. Recently, though, it was not so much part of our sex life but seemed to be all of our sex life. I was beginning to suspect that my husband could well be unable to make love without the stimulus of photography, well at least with me! 

When we started I had tried removing my glasses that I have to wear as I am as blind as a bat and contacts just do not suit me but it didn't work, neither physically or emotionally. For a start I, could hardly see the camera and Ben was just a blur and not having the lens to focus on significantly reduced the arousal factor so I then always wore them.

I had become used to undressing slowly as he took photos of me flaunting myself at him and the camera in my underwear, topless and sometimes bottomless, but clothed above the waist. I had accepted being photographed in just my bra, just my panties and just my holdups; of posing in sexy underwear, basques, waspies and half cup bras that I enjoyed buying both on the net and from shops. I had got used to lying in bed with him as shots of me in the outlandish poses came up on the huge TV on the wall at the end of our bed. I was becoming accustomed to: being naked, of being shot from all angles and later seeing pictures of my tits, my nipples, my bum and my pussy. I was now comfortable with Ben taking shots of me as I started to masturbate with close ups of my fingers inside the hood pressing on my clit. And of course, I had become particularly accustomed to fucking myself with my fingers or my vibrator as he digitally recorded it for our later exciting viewing.

Although hugely embarrassed at first, after a while I began to look forward to our sessions. And that was not just because I knew I would be quite royally fucked at the end of it, but also because I enjoyed flaunting myself at the camera. My husband had unwittingly uncovered a streak of exhibitionism in me and one of voyeurism in himself that neither of us knew existed.

The photo sessions became more frequent and, I must admit more extreme and exciting. We went further and started taking videos and stills of me giving him blowjobs and of us fucking. Whilst it was all very stimulating and exciting our marriage, however, was going tits up.

I wanted more from it, but didn't know what the more was?

It wasn't helped, of course, that he lived in Manchester, where he was university professor and I lived in London. I had tried living up there and although the Mancunians are great people, I just couldn't handle it away from my family and all the familiar aspects of London and the south. So, after many rows we decided to live apart and we would commute for sex. 

*

I was in a chat room late one evening phone chatting and camming with an American guy who lived in Aberdeen. I had got to know him quite well. We were both wearing the typical late-night chat gear; he was in boxers and I was wearing a red, silk robe. I had told him of my dilemma in previous chats and some emails we exchanged and we had become quite close. We were talking about films and film stars and I told him that I thought that Catherine Deneuve was one of the most beautiful and sexy actresses. That led us onto talking about her films and I agreed that the scene in The Hunger where she seduces Susan Sarandon was one of the most erotic lesbian scenes that it would be possible to create. That elicited the inevitable.

"Are you bi then Jayne?"

"I don't know, but I find beautiful bodies whether they are male or female very attractive." 

"Do you find them sexy?"

"Yes I do and I find seeing beautiful people making love very sexy, well erotic I suppose."

"I know what you mean," he replied the cam showing the effect it was having on his boxers.

"Have you seen Belle de Jour?" I asked him.

"Is that where CD becomes a hooker in a brothel in the afternoons?"

"Yes it is."

"Why do you ask?" He said resting his hand lightly on his groin.

I laughed and held the tie of my robe. "Maybe that's what I should do."

"What become a hooker?"

"Well it would get me the sex without having an affair."

"That's a bit extreme Jayne" he said, adding. "You know what this is doing to me don't you?"

"I can see," I replied pulling gently on the tie and saying softly. "Yes Mike?"

"Please Jayne," he replied lifting his bum off the bed and pushing his shorts down. He was beautifully hard.

I pulled the tie and my robe fell open. I was naked underneath.

*

As usual, the first thing I did the next morning when I got up around eight was to check my emails. Where I work is only a few miles from where I live, but at least two mornings a week I work from home. These are usually when I have been entertaining or working late the previous evening.

I always sleep naked and on those working from home mornings I don't shower and dress until late morning doing what I need to do in the buff and that includes writing for Lit. I like doing that, just as I will sunbathe in the nude on my fairly, but not completely secluded garden.

There was a mail in my inbox. It was from Mike the guy I had been chatting to and with whom I had masturbated the previous evening, which was something that was becoming ever more frequent recently.

The mail read.

Hi Jayne, 

As usual it was wonderful having cybersex with you last night. As you saw you made me cum very hard and somehow produce more sperm than usual; I wonder why? I hope that it was as good for you as it was for me and that you enjoyed it as much as you appeared to. The expression on your face as you said you were cumming was one of the most erotic things I have ever seen. But then you know that is the category in which I hold you.

After you left I was thinking. Naturally, a great deal of my thought was on what we had just experienced together and unusually for me I was hard again within an hour and that's not that common amongst us fifty plus somethings! As there was no chance of a 'second cumming' with you for I knew you would be sound asleep, naked in your bed my thoughts drifted onto what you said about B de J and CD. I had a peep on youtube at both the films we discussed and I couldn't agree more that she is ravishing. I had quite forgotten that and just how sexy Helen Mirren was, well still is at nigh on seventy. The scene in The Hunger where HM spills red wine on her top and takes it off is so hard on inducing that had I not already had one that would have done the job. When she and CD go to bed behind those thin lace curtains and make love must rank as the most erotic film scene I have ever seen. And yes, love I did jerk off again. That made me quite proud actually!

I digress. 

When you talked, tongue in cheek I hope, about joining a brothel that jerked something in the back of my mind. After I had finished my threesome with CD and HM I put in some serious thinking and I recalled what had jerked my memory. I won't go into great depth here but will just give you a website to look at and will leave the rest to you. Access it or forget it, go along with what it says or ignore it. That's all up to you and I will never mention it again. If you wish to tell me anything about it you know I will be all ears, but I will never pry.

Hoping to 'see you' again real soon.

Big, big hugs and check out 

Mike xxx

My curiosity primed I accessed the site immediately. Numerous photos came up of women in their late thirties, forties and even fifties and sixties with the tag line. 'It's never too late.' Gradually the photos changed from head and shoulder shots to full length and then even more intriguingly to photos of those women in their underwear and then naked. It was all quite tasteful even if some of the bodies were slightly beyond their sell by date. Most though were in pretty good shape and were quite sexy. 

I went further into the site and learned that they arranged for erotic dancers as they referred to them, to attend functions of all types and sizes and that MILF artistes ran several clubs in pubs usually twice a week in both the afternoons and evenings.

'35+ love your body, we want you' was another tag line. I realised then why Mike had sent it to me.

"Is that Ms Pendle?" The husky female voice with a not unpleasant, slight American accent asked when I answered my mobile a week or so later. I hadn't recognised the number so had nearly not taken the call.

"Who?"

"Jayne Pendle?"

Pendle was a second name I sometimes used when I didn't wish to reveal my real name, but I had momentarily forgotten that.

"Oh yes, yes it is, who's calling?"

"Did you recently complete an online questionnaire?"

"No."

"It was a potential application for work, modelling work."

"Oh right, er yes I did. Are you from MILF artistes?"

She said that she was and asked me numerous questions making sure that I was the person who had completed the form and sent a few photos as requested.

"And you would like to be considered for a position as one our artistes?"

I said that I would and we arranged a meeting in a couple of days' time.

"We have an office just off Oxford Street where we could meet, but if you prefer a pre-meeting we could meet in a coffee shop."

Thinking in for a penny in for a pound I agreed to the office.

At the smart, but small offices in the better end of Oxford Street nearer to Bond Street than Tottenham Court Road, I met Carlton and Lisa the owners of the business. They were both probably in their fifties and were very pleasant. There was nothing seedy about them or the premises. They took their time explaining the process. They explained that they had been arranging striptease acts for years and that they provide girls for most of the laptop and strip clubs in and around London as well as for a host of private functions. 

"And recently we have branched out into providing mainly slightly older thirty-five and upwards dancers for both private and public functions," Lisa told me.

It was Lisa was who had called me. She was tall, slim and blonde, with full breasts that looked suspiciously as though they had been enhanced. Not classically beautiful for her nose was very pronounced and her lips were thin, she was well dressed in a cream, cotton blouse, tight, brown leather trousers and high heels. She had a yellow scarf loosely wrapped round her neck along with several necklaces and at least six bangles and a Rolex on her wrists. Probably having one or maybe two too many buttons undone on the blouse the swells of her well-rounded breasts were flashed quite frequently. She oozed sex appeal.

"Many girls only like to work well away from where they live," Lisa explained adding. "So we run afternoon and evening sessions all over London and the Home Counties, usually in pubs."

They told me that older women were in very great demand recently hence, the new site dedicated to 'wrinklies like us' Carlton explained laughing.

"We also provide ladies for dinners, small and quite large, private functions and parties in customers' homes."

I asked a few questions and they answered readily and asked why I was interested. I began to relax and explained that I was interested because I lived apart from my husband and being somewhat of an exhibitionist thought I might enjoy it.

"You enjoyed modelling for the photos?" Carlton asked.

"Yes I did?"

"Who took them?"

"My husband."

"Lucky man," Carlton smiled. "May I ask for a few details Jayne?" He said turning to his laptop.

"Of course."

"Age?"

"Forty six."

He tapped that in.

"Height?"

"Five seven."

"Weight?"

"Nine stone six," I lied taking off a few pounds.

"Er what's that in pounds we have many American clients."

Lisa chipped in. "One thirty-two, very nice Jayne."

"Thanks," I smiled.

"Body type?"

I hesitated not quite understanding the question.

Again Lisa answered. "You could put lovely, but slim and rounded is probably more apt."

I smiled my thanks at her and again she held my gaze as she slowly lifted her hand and brushed the long lock of golden blonde hair that had fallen down her forehead up onto her head. As she did that the material of her top was stretched across her full breasts and I saw the outline of her nipple. It was clearly hard.

"Stats?"

"Thirty six D to DD, twenty-sex, thirty-six."

"Hair and eye colours?"

"Blonde with streaks at present and blue eyes."

"That's it Jayne thanks."

They explained the financial terms and then asked if I would mind undressing. "Only down to your underwear," Lisa explained starting at me quite intently.

I felt ok when I slipped my thin dress off and stood before them in my white bra and thong. They both walked round me looking at me from all angles. I had no idea what they were checking, but I obviously passed the test.

"Thanks Jayne, you have a lovely body," Lisa said again looking into my eyes. The way she looked and held my gaze made my pulse race. It was some time since a woman had done that to me.

"Yes very nice," Carlton said adding. "Well if the terms are ok for you Jayne, we would like you on our books."

"Really?" I said probably sounding surprised for they both smiled as I did up the zip and buttons on my dress.

"Yes really you are as near our ideal woman as anyone can be, you'll be a wow with MILF artistes," Carlton told me.

"Have you done anything like this before Jayne?" Lisa asked her eyes on mine.

"Not stripping no."

"But you have modelled for a photographer haven't you?"

"Yes but that was for my husband."

"No one else?"

"No" I smiled.

"Really?"

"Well one other yes, but that's a secret."

They both smiled as we sat down round a small coffee table and Lisa made some tea.

"Let's work out the best way to get you started?"

We agreed that I should start by looking at a couple of DVDs and then visit one of their club nights in a pub in North London, several miles from me.

"We can then have a practice session in one of the pubs with no audience there, just you and me," Lisa said adding. "And I will coach you," as she again held my gaze a little too long.

'Is she trying to pull me?' I wondered, unusually not feeling worried that she might be.

*

The induction as they called it went well.

My first experience was meeting Lisa and Carlton at the pub in south London miles from where I live. They took that over two nights a week and had their MILF party as they called it one night and their GIRLY party the other. They had another website GIRLY artistes that was for younger women.

The room was pretty full and I guessed that there must have been a hundred or so people there. Unlike the sex shows I had been to in Copenhagen most were men, but there was a spattering of women and surprisingly most of those were young. There was a small stage about a foot or so high at one end of the room and a bar at the other. I was standing with Carlton and Lisa in a small roped off alcove. 'The VIP Gallery' as Carlton laughingly called it. There were a few other men and one female in there.

I watched fascinated, but a little nervously as the first girl came onto the stage. She was probably in her early fifties and was a little tarty, or so I thought. She had bleached, dirty blonde hair piled up on her head with tresses tumbling down, heavy make-up and long dangling ear rings. She was wearing a tight, silky, sheath dress that clung to her like a second skin. It wasn't flattering anywhere other than her boobs. They were spectacular under the thin material. 

The skirt ended mid-thigh so she only had to move slightly and the hem would ride up to show the tops of her obvious holdups. The music got louder and she started to perform. Slowly gyrating round the stage, I saw that what she may have lacked in appearance she more than made up for with her movements for they were very sexy. In addition to bending forward and backwards and gliding around she frequently touched herself, but not in too blatant a manner. She would slide her fingertips across her tummy, run a hand down her bare arm and then softly touch her breasts. The audience seemed to love her for there was loads of whistles, cheers and clapping. 

The first song ended with her still fully dressed. I was to learn that the process was one song stay fully dressed, during the second undress to the underwear and then the third pose naked or near so. That meant each strip took about ten minutes.

The second song was slower and Adell moved right to the edge of the stage. With one hand cupping her boob she put her other hand out to a guy standing at the front. He took it and helped her down onto the floor. She smiled and gave him a dazzling smile before kissing him on the cheek. She moved around the pub touching and kissing guys and adroitly avoiding groping hands until she got back to the guy who had helped her down from the stage. I didn't hear what she said, but it soon became obvious when she turned her back on him and he undid the zip on the dress. She held onto the front as he helped her back onto the stage, which wasn't an easy maneuver in the tight dress.

She played the audience well giving them brief glimpses of her breasts in her bra and lots of looks at her back that showed clearly she was wearing a black thong. To loud cheers from the audience the dress came off. Her thong was very brief and she was wearing holdups, all were black. She returned to the edge of the stage where she sat down. Looking out at the audience, many of whom wouldn't be able to see her now, she slowly opened her legs and let one hand fall casually between them. There was some gasps and cheers from the nearer guys. She caught the eyes of several who were near to her and then beckoned to one. He came up close and she turned her body so her back was towards him. I could see his hands shaking as he undid her bra that she held onto. Back standing on the stage she slowly exposed her tits and, surprisingly to me at least when the bra was eventually removed, they didn't sag that much despite their size.

I watched a couple more performances by two rather more elegant and stylish women. Both were probably in their mid to late forties with one being very petite with an almost boy-like figure whilst the other was tall, probably six feet and well built, but not overweight like Adell. Smiling I thought 'MILF dancers clearly tried to cater for all tastes' wondering what category they would fit me into.

I have to admit that watching the three girls excited me. That wasn't just from looking at their bodies, but also the way they enjoyed flaunting them and appreciated the attention of their audience. When I 'met' Mike online later to report back to him on my MILF dancer progress, it took only a few minutes before we were both naked.

*

The coaching session was arranged for the following Wednesday afternoon at a small club in Bayswater not far from the office. 

Lisa asked for my thoughts about our visit to the pub a few days previously and I said that I enjoyed watching and meeting the girls.

"You feel you would be ok with that size of audience?"

"Yes I think so."

She explained the way I should go about walking, sitting, standing and posing generally. She gave me lots of little tips and described the way I should undress.
