 At 40 years old I recently had a baby with my second husband, but have three other children from my first marriage. So none of my work attire fit properly anymore. I'm a size 12 now and my measurements went from 36DD-32-38 to 42H-34-44. Needless to say, I receive dirty looks from women when their boyfriends or husbands sneak a glance at my assets. From old perverts to the college boys, I do receive some attention. I take it as a compliment although there have been some men that have followed me around the grocery store with one thing on their mind. 

At 5'2", 190 lbs, pale complexion, with forehead wrinkles and a double chin, I didn't feel very attractive. Ever since the baby, my husband has turned down my sexual advances and even a blowjob from me which has left me unfulfilled. I needed to take my mind off my marriage for a bit and decided to go shopping for new work clothes. 

Due to my pregnancy weight I had to shop in plus size section at Macy's. I arrived to the store wearing my black transparent leggings that have stretch holes in them, but are super comfortable. My straight dark brown hair rested on my shoulders, which had grey roots peeking through. My makeup was generously applied with blush and toner. I wore my short brown office heels since I was trying on work clothes and wanted to complete the look.

As I walked through the different sections of the store, I picked up some pant suits, cardigans, and conservative blouses with a scoop neckline. I could sense my large rear end jiggling on my way towards the fitting room. My goal was to find clothes in hopes they would hide my voluptuous figure. 

Just my luck, there wasn't a mirror in my fitting room and all the other rooms were taken. I now had to wiggle my buns out to the mirror just outside of the fitting rooms to see how they fit. I turned to the side and noticed my big rear was still stretching the fabric out to the max. I could feel my round buttocks sucking the pants in between them creating a noticeable wedgie. The good news was that it hid my thick legs and the suit coat disguised my flabby arms. 

I noticed an older gentleman sitting off to the side of the mirror. He slightly looked like Burt Reynolds, maybe in his 50's with salt and peppered hair and a thick mustache. I think he might have been a partner at a law-firm or some business man based on his expensive suit. He glanced over at me and flashed a quick smile. I was a little embarrassed that he had seen me shimmy out to the mirror and then miserably looked at myself in my new work clothes. 

"Pant suit, huh? Where you going, court?" He laughed at this own joke. 

"Haha very funny. I'm picking up some new work clothes. Are you waiting for someone in the fitting room?" I asked wondering why he was in the women's department. 

"My wife is shopping around so that means I'm sitting and waiting." He shrugged his shoulders and smirked. 

I rolled my eyes as I was walked back to the fitting room. When I changed into outfit number two, I noticed this wardrobe wasn't any different from what I had tried on initially. Just a different shade of blue. I still wanted to critique how I looked in the mirror of truth. Unfortunately that random guy was still waiting for his wife as I waltzed out for my second runway show. After confirming in the mirror my plump figure was hidden in this suit, I caught the stranger behind me checking me out in the reflection. He had a few skirts and blouses laid out on his lap. 

I turned my head back towards him. "Oh, did your wife just drop those off?"

He stood up and said, "Actually they're for you. I thought they would accentuate your form a little better." 

"What? You mean you don't like my pant suits?"

"Well...they make you seem like a politician and kind of frumpy" 

"If you must know, I'm trying to hide some extra pounds I put on from a recent pregnancy. So I think I'm all set." 

"Do me a favor and try them on. If you like the way you look, heck I'll even buy them for you!" 

There was an announcement over the speakers that the store was about to close in 15 minutes. You could hear the other women filtering out of the occupied dressing rooms before the store started to lock up the doors. 

I was annoyed with this strange man at this point, but decided to give it a shot to shut him up. It's been a while since I've had a man flirt with me so I played along. 

As I returned to the fitting room, I noticed he had a distinct taste in women's clothing. There was a reoccurring theme of revealing tight blouses and short skirts. I stripped down to my large mom bra and pulled on a pair of tan pantyhose. Then shimmied into the grey skirt which had a slit on the side exposing a good portion of my thick thighs. The thin white blouse was extremely tight and had a plunging neckline so I removed that shirt which was a size 8. I decided to try on the maroon cardigan instead, but struggled to button the top three buttons. I didn't think either top was going to work, but I rolled with it. My bras always create a bulge of fat over the back and sides of my bra. So with a skin tight cardigan, I wasn't feeling super confident walking out with his interesting selection of clothing. 

When my breasts bounced and my ass jiggled by the man in the chair, he stood straight up and it looked like his eyes were going to pop out of his head. While in the dressing room, I had also put my hair up in a messy bun and applied some glossy bright pink lipstick. There was some light blue eye shadow in my purse I threw on along with my reading glasses to complete the secretary look for his pleasure. 

"So what do you think?" I put my hands on my maternal hips waiting for his response. 

"I think you're gonna turn some heads at work. That's what I think."

"Really? Aww that's sweet, but I highly doubt that would happen. Men love their women petite, not overflowing with these curves."

"No way! Not true at all. Heck, I would even promote you with your new look."

All of the sudden the top button from my cardigan popped off and hit the stranger in the forehead. I cringed as it happened before my eyes, but then another button shot off immediately after. His jaw literally dropped as now my bra encased juggs were on display. 

We were both silent since I was shocked and now blushing while the man was getting rather excited. The front of his Italian silk suit pants suddenly expanded outwards, outlining his fully erect penis.

"Oh my!" I put my hand over my mouth in amazement and shock. 

"Holy shit your tits are huge!" His gentlemen-like demeanor had changed. Which triggered me to pull my wide open cardigan back together and contain my well endowed chest. 

He recovered that perverted remark with, "I mean...my apologies miss."

"It's ok! It's ok. Don't worry. You can't help it. I know my breasts have that effect on you men." 

I bit my bottom lip in excitement. "I should be the one apologizing, for hitting you in the face twice with my busty buttons!"

We were both standing there not knowing how to leave the situation. 

He chuckled. "No worries. So it looks like I picked the winning outfit, huh?"

"I actually love this outfit now that I saw how much you enjoyed it! So why don't you go pay the associate at the counter, since you won your little proposition."

I clinked my heels back to the dressing room and tried to change back into my original outfit I arrived in. I struggled to get the skirt off as the zipper in the back was stuck. Hoping the stranger hadn't left yet, I shouted from the fitting room. "Excuse me sir?! Sir! Can you come in here and help me out?!"

Within seconds he stormed in and opened the dressing room door. 

"You rang Miss? Let me guess, you're ready to earn that outfit I'll be purchasing for you?" He glared at me. 

"Umm no. I just needed assistance with my skirt since the store's about to close." Which was true, but now I was just teasing him. 

He started to beg as a man would in any unsatisfying marriage. "Look...my wife lost way too much weight from the top and bottom. She's just skin and bones now." He pressed his hands together praying for a miracle, while stating his case why I should fuck him. 

"She doesn't even have a womanly figure anymore! Please?" He looked at me with his lustful eyes. "I'm just a man with needs."

I thought about it and then tried to let him down gently. "Aww you poor guy. But I really don't think we..."

Before I could finish my sentence, he forcefully grabbed my wide childbearing hips and pinned me against the wall. He began kneading my bra encased tits through my cardigan that had bursted open. It felt like a hundred degrees in this room. I started to perspire out of fear of getting caught and the submissive pleasure. He kissed me passionately on the sides of my neck while I felt his manhood pressing against my soft belly. 

"You wanna earn that new outfit?" He rhetorically asked in a deeper tone.

We looked at each other yearning for the same thing. Our tongues met as he pulled me in closer with his hands clenched to my rear. He pulled away from our sloppy kiss and lifted me up while I eagerly wrapped my nylon covered legs around his hips. His cologne filled the small space with a very manly smell. With my eyes closed and head tilted back, I ran my newly manicured nails through his gelled back hair as he licked the tops of my breasts leaving a pool of his saliva dripping down my bra. His left hand was shoved up my skirt, supporting my fat ass. My plump rear was oozing over his wedding ring and hairy knuckles, while he snuck his other fingers deep into my asscrack. 

My body was overwhelmed by his aggressive hands and mouth. "Oh yeah baby! I love my new outfit!" I exclaimed. 

He was grinning. "It's gonna make all the guys at your work rock hard. They'll probably jerk off to you at the office!"

"Should I pleasure all of them too?" I winked at him. 

"I'm sure you will!"

He removed his rough fingers from my giant ass and unzipped his pants. I shoved my hand into his boxer shorts in search of his throbbing dick. "Oh my!" I exclaimed as I could barely wrap my fingers around his girthy member. I stroked his shaft while liking my lips knowing he was getting harder. After tugging on his pulsating member, he ripped the seam of my nylons open and I shoved his hot prick immediately into my wet pussy. 

Oh yeah! Yes! That's right hun! Mmmm yeah! 

His hips were pumping furiously in and out of my drenched pussy. 

"I love your stiff dick baby! Ohhh! You're so much bigger than my husband!"

He tore my 42H nude colored bra cups down and sucked on my pink nipples. I loved being used like a tramp and letting this stranger have his way with me. 

He continued to man handle my saggy tits with his strong hands. I guided his face towards my bosom as I loved having my tits played with. His tongue circle around my nipples before he began sucking and massaging them. He came up for air since my rack was suffocating him a little. He released my body from the wall he had me pinned against and sat me down on the dressing room bench. 

I looked up at him. "Curvy moms like me turn you on, huh baby?" 

I don't know what came over me as I'm normally not the one to talk in a filthy way. 

He looked me up and down. "You're definitely the type I jerk off to. Now bend that giant ass over!"

I got on all fours on the little fitting room bench as commanded. He pushed my skirt up and plunged his pussy juice covered cock between my ass cheeks. He pumped up and down my sweaty ass crack as his cock disappeared into my crevasse. My ass cheeks had enveloped his meaty and veiny erection.

Luckily nobody was in the dressing room with us or they would have heard his grunting and my moaning. We were both very vocal during our public quickie. 

"God damn! Your ass is so big and soft!" He uttered while enjoying himself. 

After he hotdogged my mom butt he inserted his cock back into my pussy. Doggystyle is my favorite position so I was on the verge of my first orgasm in a long time. My ass was clapping loudly with every thrust he had jammed into me. He pulled my hair bun back as he fucked me like a pornstar. My pendulous boobs poured through his fingers as he yanked my swaying tits back towards him to steady his back and forth motion.

I looked back at him as we was focused intently on my dimpled covered ass jiggling. "Give it to me harder! I pleaded.

I could tell he loved it when I talked dirty like this. 

"Your cock is so hard, baby." 

"I bet you wish you had a cock in your mouth too!"

"Mmm hmm! Oh yeah hun! I'd love to get tag-teamed by my husbands coworkers." I paused as I was panting faster from the workout he was giving me. "And have my big saggy tits drenched in their cum!" 

I think that sent him over the edge as he pulled out of me and forced me down to my knees. My pantyhose covered ass was sitting back on my brown heels as I presented my large creamy white breasts to him. 

"You ready, stranger? Give it to me big boy!"

He was standing there with his throbbing cock pulled out of his zipper. He began jerking off frantically while concentrating on my 6 inch cleavage and tit meat. I took over by gripping his cock and pumped away at a slower pace. Beads of sweat were dripping from my forehead down to my cleavage. He positioned his 8 inch fully hard cock between my tits. 

"Mmm yeah. Use my big jugs! Fuck them hard babe."

His lengthy pole disappeared into my cleavage. The head of his cock was barely peeking through the top of my tit meat. 

"I bet your flat chested wife can't do this!"

"No way! She has zero curves. Your huge tits were made for fucking!"

I've had fantasies similar to this and knew just what to say. "Oh yeah fuck my big fat tits!"

As he was ramming in and out of my tit canal, he pulled my jugs back into their bra cups. This created a tighter mold around his cock as I continued to fulfill his titfucking dreams. He grabbed the sides of my bulky bra and pushed them together to create an even tighter tunnel around his cock. His erection was swollen and ready to explode. 

"Tell me where you want this load, Miss Jugs!"

"Cum all over my fat tits!"

And with that he fired off three rounds of jjzz all over my neck hitting my pearl necklace and then multiple additional loads masked over my stretch-marked tits like glue. 

"Oh god! I'm such a slut!" I cried out as webs of cum splashed onto my well endowed chest. "Ohhhh wow! It's so hot and sticky baby!"

His cum was flowing like a waterfall off the edge of my bra onto my new skirt and cardigan. 

"Mmm such a big load. Wow! You were saving that one, huh?"

My new office clothes were now ink splattered with his spunk. I looked used, like the submissive BBW I am. He helped me up while I was catching my breath from the multiple orgasms he gave me. My skirt was bunched up around my waste clinging to the top curve of my rump. I knew he wanted more as he gazed at my wide rear. He spun my enormous ass towards his crotch and pulled me into him. He squeezed the remaining sperm from his semi-hard cock into my ass crack. I backed into his dick and was grinding my ass up and down his shaft until I got his general awakened for another round. 

He immediately clenched the back clasp of my heavy bra with his right hand and read the bra size on the tag. He turned to me with excitement. "I can't believe I found tits as big as yours!"

"How jealous would your wife be if she found you with a thick mom like me?"

He turned to me hungry again with his stiff cock poking out of his open zipper. I eagerly sat down on the bench and sucked on his cock down as he stood there enjoying the view. He jammed his hard-on into the side of my cheek while yanking my hair back. I could taste his salty cum as I swirled my tongue around his pink member. While I was servicing him, he was groping my rack and I could see he wanted more than a blowjob. He pulled out of my mouth and told me he wanted to feel my cum drenched tits around his manhood. I submissively presented my bosom to him. He forced his thick cock deep into my cleavage and tittyfucked me again while I tasted the tip of his cock.

Right then his wife walked into the fitting room. "Max! Are you in here?"

We paused and I put my finger to my lips motioning to him to be quiet. But he didn't stop pumping my jugs with his thick rod. He just kept thrusting between my tits not caring if she found us. 

"The store's about to close so we gotta go!" She raised her voice. 

We were in the last changing room while she went door to door knocking to see if he was here. Either way she was going to find us together. I'm sure she could hear the sounds of his erection plowing a pair of sweaty breasts. 

This stranger was in heaven pounding away at my tits. At that moment of his release, he blurts out, "oh fuck I'm gonna cum on these 42H tits!" This declaration was announced to the only two women in the Macy's women's department. I grabbed his cock and pointed it toward my heaving chest as I jerked him off. 

"Oh yeah baby! Shoot it all over my slutty tits!" I moaned as she kicked in the door. She stood there as her husband continually sprayed cum all over me and my massive sized bra. My new work clothes were barley hanging off me, while her spouse was fully clothed with just his cock sticking straight out of his zipper. 

"Hey honey! This isn't what it looks like!" This was his lame attempt at convincing her he wasn't cheating. 

"Of course it's a fat soccer mom! She's the only one that would fuck you!" 

I grabbed my clothes and quickly ran past her to leave the fitting room. I could hear her yelling at the husband as I quickly found the doors to the parking lot. I got to my VW Jetta and felt horny again after the lingering smell of his load filled my car. My cum stained bra was going to require a couple washes after the volumes of jizz it encountered. Hopefully this will happen to me again...