 We all collapsed on the blanket. I was covered in sweat and pussy juice and fucked out. Barb and Meredith started laughing and Robert stood up, dick still at attention. He had watched his wife cum four times and made a hot young babe come twice with his fingers but he was rock hard and looking for action.

Barb laughed and said, "poor baby, come over here and we will take care of you."

Robert had a nice dick but I had no interest in taking care of it. At that point, Meredith sat back in the blanket facing us. For the first time I noticed she had a neatly trimmed bush and a smaller landing strip than the cougar was sporting. Damn, I like a little bush on my women and both of them were perfect laid out on the beach.

But before the story ends I should tell you I had been hot for the sales manager at the All Suites hotel as I've gotten to know her since I held my monthly sales meetings at her property. We would meet for lunch periodically and I would dream about her slipping off her dress and fucking her in one of the hotel rooms. She was slender with gorgeous hips. Dark black hair and the Italian tan to match. I often wondered if she had sexy tan lines or if she were a hottie with an "all-over" tan. I often dreamed about licking her 34 DD's while I rubbed her feet with lotion and I may have jacked-off to the perky gorgeous 29 year old in pumps a few times.

One Monday we were talking and she told me that one of her clients had a boat down at the Shore and he had invited her to go out on the boat. Since he had a wife he said she could bring a friend. Damn. Yes I'm in. So we met her friend Robert and his wife Barb at the boat ramp in Ocean County on Friday morning.

We had a nice conversation on the drive down and by the time we arrived we were both horny. I could see the outline of her bright orange bikini beneath the white beach pullover. And at 29, I was fit and muscled from my days at the gym and I knew she wanted it too. But we never mentioned it during the drive we just allowed the sexual tension to course over our bodies during our conversation and drive.

We met Robert and Barb who were a sexy couple in their mid-50's. They were a good looking couple and were very welcoming to both of us. We grabbed the coolers and a couple bottles of red wine and off we went. Robert was fit in his swim trunks and muscle shirt. He was a bit smaller than I was but I'm sure he did well with the ladies in his prime. They told us they had been married 25 years and I'm sure he enjoyed his nights with his wife Barb.

When we met her, Barb had already ditched the beach cover and was sporting a tight bikini. She was hard to miss as the white bikini top was stretched by something bigger than what Meredith had. It was hard to tell if she was shaved below but at least she was waxed. She was about 5' 8" a bit taller than Robert and had amazing hips of a mom. As she bent over to unhook the boat line from the cleats, I could not help but looking at that mature ass. I caught a glimpse of Meredith looking in approval at both Barb's ass and then me. Whew, I was almost busted but Meredith seemed to approve.

We headed across the bay to a sandy beach at the far side of Long Beach Island near the pass out to the ocean. As we moved across the glassy water, we popped a few beers and tried to talk over the sound of the motor but we simply sat back and took it all in. I had a couple sights to see with a hot young lady sporting her tight, pastel orange bikini and a gorgeous cougar stretching her white bikini top to the max. Man I was getting hot taking it all in and I could feel it as I was semi-hard just watching them.

We arrived on the beach and I jumped off the front of the boat to pull it to shore. Barb handed me one of the coolers and as she leaned over her gorgeous breasts all but escaped from the white fabric holding them back. Damn. That is one hot mama. And here came Meredith with another cooler and I was eye level with her tight bikini bottoms as she hoisted the cooler over the railing and handed passed it down to me. I love a bit of hair down there and it looked to me like there was a bush or at least a "landing strip." I was thinking today is the day I would find out just how hot she was.

We settled in on the beach spreading a few blankets out and popping the cork on a bottle of red wine. The four of us walked out toward the pass to watch a few boats coming into the bay and picked up a few shells on the way while we sipped our wine from a plastic cup. On several occasions Meredith brushed up against me and I had a feeling it was not an accident. I had taken my shirt off and I knew I had her attention.

The sun was warming things up on the beach and the red wine and beer seemed to be warming up the tension between the four of us as we walked and laughed. I dropped back to talk with Robert a bit and he asked me if I was fucking the hottie and how was it. Of course I hadn't yet and told him so. We laughed that today was the day and he jokingly suggested that the sexy mature cougar walking in front of us would love to ride a hard, young dick. I thought that was the wine talking so I simply replied that he must love riding that nice ass all the time.

We finally caught up to the ladies and sat for a while as the ship came through the channel. There were a half dozen men waving at us from the boat and Robert suggested to Barb that she warm them up too. Without hesitation she slid the girls out to show the appreciative crowd on the boat. Yummm.

I noticed two things. First, her nipples were large and she had an all over tan. She handed her top to Robert and suggested that Meredith join the show. It was clear to me she was comfortable being naked in front of others and my 29 year old date was not as comfortable being naked. Finally, with a little bit of cheering from Robert, Meredith unleashed the girls to the delight of the guys aboard the ship. After about 30 seconds she tucked them back into her bikini top, but not before Robert started to drool and was jokingly admonished by his wife. I noticed that Meredith had a tan but her breasts were white except for her large areolas and really delicious nipples.

Now I was freaking horny and I saw the tent appear in Robert's shorts too. Meredith sat in the sand and I went over to sit with her. I didn't say a word except to congratulate her on her little show for the guys on the boat. She blushed a little bit through the dark tan and said she was just happy to make their day. I told her she made my day too and she pulled me a bit closer.

Robert and Barb said they were going to head back to the coolers for more beer and wine so we sat there for a few minutes just taking in the beautiful morning. Meredith said that if I was up for it later I could come over to her apartment and she might give me a better look at her girls. Damn. Let's go. But here we were stuck on the beach.

It started to get hot so she suggested we head back to the cover we had set up by the boat that provided a little shade. When we arrived we found Barb on the blanket in the sun. She was face up and her tits were glistening in the sun covered in oil. Her bottoms were still on and I was a little disappointed to see them in place, but she was so hot in the sun. I couldn't take my eyes off of her hips. I kept thinking that it would be great to hold on to those hips while I pounded this sexy woman almost twice my age.

And then there was Meredith, a smoking hot 29 year old Italian babe with the gorgeous tan lines highlighting her milky white tits. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. Barb invited Meredith to join her on the blanket after refilling her wine glass. Meredith joined her immediately and Barb offered to rub oil on the young lady. Meredith agreed and as she sat down on the blanket Barb had her bikini top off in a flash. Rather than fight her, Meredith thanked her for setting her free.

Wow. A hot young lady and a hot mature lady sat there in the sun with their gorgeous tits exposed for all of us to see. Immediately, Barb starting rubbing Meredith's tits with oil and it was almost more than I could take. As I turned toward the boat to pretend to get something from it, I noticed Barb's hand brush Meredith's pussy area without complaint. Robert was leaning on the boat taking it all in and reminded me that I was missing the show.

I was so hot at that point I could almost explode and that is why I turned to the boat to pretend to get something. I couldn't help staring at the ladies so I turned to see them both settling in to take in some sun with four of the most amazing breasts staring back at us. We joked that the bottoms needed to come off too but without success.

Robert and I talked for a while when the mature cougar decided to turn over and get some sun on her back. As she turned she looked right at me and asked me if I was going to allow her to burn her back or would I come rub some oil on it when she turned over. Robert asked me what I was waiting for and Meredith seemed to be fading in the sun with her sunglasses on so I grabbed the oil, eased Barb down on the blanket with her fine ass, covered in bikini bottoms staring back at me. Damn, what a lucky man.

I drew a big cup of oil in one hand and reached for the tanned shoulder. I had a raging 8 inch hard on and I tried not to bump Barb with it but I couldn't help it when I leaned in. I glanced at Robert and he was enjoying the scene. Who wouldn't? There was a 20 something hottie with her 34DD tits and a tight ass laid out right next to his hot 36DD mature wife that was getting a rub down by a hard body. I thought he was willing to trade his every night sex for a young babe this morning. Not a bad trade.

I massaged the oil into Barb's shoulders and back and then dropped down to the lower back. I moved my hands under her bikini bottoms to sample the merchandise and she let out a quiet moan. I couldn't tell if Meredith was watching and approving or not behind her sunglasses so I just kept rubbing Barb's ass. Damn it was tight and very little fat on her.

Finally, I put one hand on each hip and rubbed oil from her hip area into her ass under her bottoms. She whimpered and reached back with her arm to grab my raging hard on.

"What is going on with that," Barb whispered quietly.

I said nothing but ran my fingers down her ass to a moist spot I found on her body. She pushed back into the pressure pushing both fingers knuckle-deep in a well-soaked pussy. She kept pushing back until she was almost on her knees. I was amazed that Meredith hadn't moved and maybe she had fallen asleep.

At that point I couldn't believe that my fingers were swimming in a strange, mature pussy but we were now past the point of no return. Barb demanded that I remove my shorts and I heard Robert say something to the effect that I better listen to her. Without hesitation I lost them and I noticed that Meredith tried to glance under her sunglasses to see what I was sporting.

There I was, naked with my very thick 8" exposed on the beach for all the world to see. The woman that I wanted to fuck was half asleep with her sexy tits pointed at the sky next to this overheated cougar, and her husband was taking it all in from ten feet away and enjoying every second of it.

Barb didn't hesitate. Still on her knees, she backed right into my cock and impaled herself. She was so wet I stretched her pussy and went balls deep in a couple seconds. She was now moaning loudly as I grabbed her hips and started slamming into her from behind.

"Oh honey, don't stop now," she managed to blurt out about three times.

Stop now? I could fuck that hot mature pussy all day right here on the beach. I knew those hips were perfect to hold and the harder she fucked me the closer I got to the edge, and the firmer my grip on her hips.

Finally, I leaned into her greasy body, reached around to grab her tits, found her huge nipples, and started to lightly pinch them. At that point I realized my cock couldn't go any deeper and I felt like I had totally filled her up with dick.

"Damn you boy, I'm going to cum any second. Oh fuck yeah," Barb moaned out loud.

I took a snapshot in my mind by allowing time to freeze for a second. The gorgeous babe, next to me, the husband watching, and I was fucking a woman in her 50's in broad daylight with an audience. Damn. And just like that, Barb erupted in two orgasms while screaming out loudly. I could feel her pussy muscles squeezing my cock hard as her body quivered and she dropped her front part of her body to the blanket. She kept squeezing her pussy and when her left hand reached back to touch my balls I blew up inside of her, filling her with spurts of warm, creamy goodness.

With the sun shining on me and sweat covering my body I reached for a drink. Barb wanted to know where I was going and told me she was not finished with me yet. Robert just continued to take it all in from 10 feet away and Meredith pushed her sunglasses aside and started to applaud our performance. She was awake now.

I had a big swallow of a cold beer as Barb turned over, spread her legs wide, and waved me in with a finger. I was still hard and I noticed for the first time that she had a very narrow landing strip of hair above the golden spot. She looked amazing with her legs spread and I was ready for more pussy.

I leaned in to lick her clit and she demanded that I bury my dick back in her pussy. At that point, Meredith removed her glasses to get a better look. Was she concerned there would be no dick for her later or was she just awake and getting a better look? I didn't know but I nudged Barbs legs a little wider and eased into her soaking wet, cum covered pussy. She groaned in delight and I slowly worked my magic from side to side.

She laid back in the satisfaction of the action and I gently grabbed one of her huge, suntanned tits, and took it into my mouth. Her nipples seemed to be 2 inches long and they were hard as candy. I swirled my tongue around them when I felt something brush my arm. I looked over and it was Meredith offering to gives Barbs tits a workout so I could concentrate on making her cum again. I lifted up at that point and Meredith started sucking Barbs tits.

I was now as deep as I could get in Barb so she readjusted her body. She put her legs in the air and grabbed them with her own arms to hold them. That allowed me to stretch her to the max and she started moaning out loud. I was now in a nice, slow rhythm going from side to side and then getting on my toes and driving deep into the wetness, almost like rocking a boat.

Meredith was licking and I was sticking and Barb was moaning with her legs in the air. It was building to a crescendo and I noticed that Meredith's eyes were rolling back into her head as she was licking the gorgeous tits. As I pounded the pussy, I saw Robert got into the action. Meredith was now totally naked sucking Barbs tits and Robert had reached his hand up her ass and had fingers in her ass and her pussy. Meredith didn't resist at all and seemed to really enjoy her finger-fucking as she sucked those nipples.

She started pushing hard into Roberts hand and was having trouble maintaining the licking as pleasure swept from her ass to her pussy and all over her body. Meredith was inches away from me and her tits were swinging in Barbs face as Robert found the magic spot with his fingers.

At that point all I could smell was pussy juices and salt air, and that made for a great day. Suddenly, Barb locked her mouth onto one of Meredith's milky white tits and started running her tongue over Meredith's nipples. The sucking of the nipples, the fingers in the ass and in her pussy were too much and Meredith started violently cumming inches from me, but not because of me. It was Robert's magical hands that sent her over the edge.

Her shaking was more than Barb could take and as I pounded her with her legs up she came two more times with loud moaning sounds. I lost it when I heard her and filled her pussy with what was left deep in my balls.

So there stood Robert, hard dick in hand having made the young hottie cum twice with his hands while I banged his wife for what seemed like hours. Yes, Barb beckoned him over to the blanket and I could tell Meredith felt sorry for his hard cock. My dick was still limp as I had it drained by the mature cougar four times.

She spread her legs exposing her dark bush and glistening wetness.

"Come over here Bobby," both ladies demanded and he didn't hesitate.

Meredith spread her legs and for the first time I got a good look at her pussy, her trimmed bush, and landing strip. She was soaking wet from cumming twice. She lifted her left leg stopping Robert as he headed toward his wife. At 29, with tits and an ass like that, I would have stopped too if I had been asked too.

It was Meredith's leg doing the asking but Robert looked past her leg to the landing strip below. She cocked her head, bit her lip, and suggested that she needed Roberts tongue on her engorged clit. He didn't hesitate and I was interested to watch it unfold as they had both watched me and Barb cum many times.

Robert dropped to his knees and eased his mouth over that young, hot, wet goodness. He reached in and spread her meaty pussy lips wide. I got a good glimpse of the glistening pink that I had dreamed of for months. It looked tight but I was not the one tasting the good stuff.

But here I was and Meredith was naked and spread across the blanket and all I got to do was watch a much older man make her cum. What a day. She moaned as Robert flicked her clit while holding her wide open. At that point he buried his head into her dark pussy and I could feel my dick starting to come back to life as I lay about 4 feet away.

Meredith told him to spread the lips wider and Robert complied. At that point Meredith was grinding her hips into Roberts face and I was stroking my now hard dick again. Barb eased over to Meredith's tits and started licking them very slowly. Barb was something to look at for a 50-something. Gorgeous tits. Gorgeous ass. Amazing hips. But it was more fun to see this older couple give my 29 year old date a work over.

Suddenly, Meredith started bucking wildly and slamming her whole body into Roberts face. Clearly he had found the spot with his experienced tongue. She screamed, murmured and moaned and did it all over again. He maintained his tongue contact the whole time and finally she started laughing and squeezed her legs hard to make his tongue retreat in surrender.

"Wow," she said. Damn Robert, you know your way around a pussy.

"Barb is a lucky women," she smiled as she looked at Barb.

After that performance I was now at full attention and so was Robert. He was yet to cum and had watched me get his wife four times and his mouth and hands had done the same to Meredith four times. The ladies looked at us and were laughing among themselves that there were two guys with raging hard-ons after all the activity. Robert turned to me and said that he had gotten Meredith good and wet and I should dive in. Meredith gave a little nod so I crawled toward Meredith.

Robert said we should simply trade places so he stepped over me toward his hot wife. Barb rolled onto her stomach, arched her back, and Robert slid right into her hot, wet pussy. I lost track of the action as I turned my attention to the hottest woman I've seen in a dress in a long time. Now I looked at her and her gorgeous breasts were looking right back at me. She smiled, spread her legs to show the landing strip again, and I decided to fly right in.

At that point, I was so hard and so hot for the beautiful woman that I slammed my cock into her trimmed black bush. She pulled me closer while whimpering in pleasure. I wanted it to be good for her so I really focused on trying to make "love" to her. I didn't want this to be a one and done although she had come twice already at the tongue of another man, and twice by his fingers. Damn, was this really happening to me? Yes, yes it was.
