 "We're out of milk," Michelle stated calmly.

"You're joking," protested Suzy.

Michelle shook her head.

"But we can't be," Suzy almost wailed. "I checked last night before I went to bed. There was enough for coffee this morning."

"Coffee sounds fine," stated Andrea as she strolled into the little kitchen, wearing an attractive lacy nightie. "I could kill for coffee right now."

"Well, I hope you like it black," said Michelle with a smirk, knowing that the scatty brained Andrea absolutely detested black coffee.

"Why would I have it black?" asked Andrea. "You know I always have it with milk."

"We're out of milk," Michelle stated calmly.

"You're joking," protested Andrea.

Michelle shook her head, again.

"Well where did the milk go? I know we had some last night."

"Because you were drinking it, perchance?"

"Well, yes, but I only finished off the little bit that was in the open bottle. I didn't open a new bottle," protested Andrea.

"Possibly because we don't have a new bottle?" suggested Suzy.

The full horror of the situation was slowly dawning on Andrea. No milk meant no coffee. No coffee in the morning meant she was dead. Something else slowly registered from the way Michelle and Suzy were looking at her. No coffee in the morning meant that Suzy and Michelle might kill her.

"Um. No milk. What do we do?" Andrea asked, hoping for salvation.

"We'll borrow some," Michelle said smiling, reaching for a jug. "All we need is someone to go to the unit next door and ask if they have some to spare, because we're desperate. So kind of you to offer, Andrea."

"When did I offer to go," demanded Andrea indignantly.

"Last night when you were guzzling the last of the milk," came the reply. 

"But I've only got my nightie on. It'll take me ages to get dressed."

"We're not exactly dressed to go out either," pointed out Suzy. "Just sling on a dressing gown and go knock at the unit across the way. It's not as though we're asking you to go down the street."

Andrea looked at her two flatmates and conceded. Without coffee they'd nag her until she went so she might as well just go and get it over with. She fetched her dressing gown, grabbed the jug and flounced out of the room and across to the neighbouring unit.

Michelle and Suzy waited. Then they waited some more. They said some nasty things about Andrea and waited a bit longer. What the hell? How could even Andrea get lost between their unit and the one next to them?

"Maybe," suggested Suzy, "they had no milk and she's wandering from unit to unit, searching."

They were debating whether to go in search of her when Andrea finally returned, holding a jug half full of milk.

"About time," snapped Michelle, reaching for the milk.

"What happened?" asked Suzy. "You couldn't have got lost."

"Um, you wouldn't believe me if I told you," muttered Andrea. "Let me get my coffee."

In a very short space of time the three young women were all sitting down, drinking their morning coffee.

"Give, Andrea," urged Suzy. "What took so long?"

"Um, did you know that there's a new tenant in the unit across from us."

"No," said Suzy, with a "Yes" coming from Michelle.

"I saw him when he moved in," Michelle added. "Quite a nice looking guy."

"And you didn't think that I might be interested in the fact that I was going to be greeted by a man instead of old Mrs Carney?" asked Andrea. "You didn't think that my wearing a nightie and dressing gown, hair in a mess, and no makeup, might not be the way I would choose to meet a man?"

"Sorry," said Michelle. "Put it down to coffee deprivation. So, what happened? You obviously got the milk. Did you spend the rest of the time talking?"

"Nothing," said Andrea, looking fixedly at her coffee.

Michelle and Suzy looked at each other and then turned back to Andrea.

"Oh, come on, Andrea, it's us. You can tell us. We're your friends," coaxed Suzy.

Andrea looked at her two friends and sighed.

OK. It was like this. I waltzed over and knocked on the door and this guy answered, in his pyjamas still. At first I just stared at him. I mean, I'm expecting old Mrs Carney and there's this hunk answering the door. Unless she had unsuspected depths, I couldn't figure out why he was there. He had to speak to me twice before I could say anything.

I asked him if Mrs Carney was there. He told me no, she'd left, and that he was now the tenant. Was I after Mrs Carney in particular or could he help. I just held up the jug and said "Milk".

He looked at the empty jug and calmly told me that I'd already used it all. I said I knew that. I'd drunk it last night. Then I took a deep breath and managed to explain. I told him that we were out of milk and were desperate for some coffee and did he have any milk he could let us have?

He asked who 'we' were, and I said you two. He then said that he could understand the need for coffee in the morning and told me to come on through to the kitchen and he'd get me some. So I just trailed in after him.

He's got a nice place. He's done it up real well and he's got this huge plasma TV on the wall. Twice the size of ours.

Anyway I followed him into the kitchen and he took the jug off me and put it on the kitchen bench and he got some milk out of the fridge and half-filled the jug. He asked if it was enough and I said that's plenty and told him he was a lifesaver.

That's when things went a little odd. Before I could pick up the jug he said that I was just what he needed right then. He told me it must have been fate that sent me to his door right at that moment because I could now help him.

I said sure, I'd do what I could, and he smiled and said he was pleased to hear it. Then next thing I know he's reached out and undone the bow on my dressing gown belt. The belt dropped away and my dressing gown just naturally opened, showing off my nightie. 

I didn't even get a chance to blush before he'd reached down, grabbed the bottom hem of my nightie and lifted it right up. "Hold this," he told me, and like an idiot I did, showing everything I'd got. I mean, I hadn't even got around to putting on panties yet, and when he lifted my nightie like that. . .

"I," he told me, "am hornier that the trumpet section of an orchestra. You've arrived at just the right moment."

Then he pulled the tie on his pyjamas trousers and they dropped down. Trumpet hell. It looked as though he had a fucking bass trombone sticking out.

"Ah, bass trombone?" interjected Suzy.

"Longer and thicker than your normal trombone," muttered Andrea. "Now, as I was saying. . ."

Can you imagine how I felt. My mind still hadn't caught up with what was going on, but suddenly there I was, holding my nightie high so it won't get in his way and this guy and his cock are moving in on me. I tried backing away but there was a table behind me, and then he was right there next to me and his cock was already rubbing between my legs.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" I squealed and he just smiled.

"Accepting your kind offer to do what you can," he said, and then I could feel his fingers fiddling between my legs, steering his cock into place.

It felt just as big creeping up inside me as it had looked sticking out in front of him, and it just seemed to keep on coming. How on earth he managed to put it all in is beyond me. My poor passage will take days to shrink back to a proper size.

I was trying to tell him I hadn't agreed to have sex with him but it's rather hard to get your thoughts together when you're being possessed by a maniac with a giant dick. 

You want to know why I was so long? It's because he was in no hurry to find relief. To start with he just stood there, holding me skewered. I kept waiting for him to get with the action but he didn't bloody move.

Finally I asked what the hell was he doing?

"I'm giving you a chance to adjust before I really get going, and I'm waiting for you to lift your nightie higher so I can touch your breasts. I like to play with breasts while I'm entertaining a lady."

Would you believe I found that I was still holding my nightie up? And when he said he was waiting for me to lift it I did. I just pulled it up until my boobs were on display, and he smiled and said, "Thanks". 

With that his hands landed on my breasts and we started bumping bellies. And, while I hate to have to admit it, it wasn't all one sided. He got to me, and I couldn't have not responded if I'd tried, and I didn't try. His hands were hard and hot on my breasts, his hot breath was on my neck as he kissed my face, and his cock was extra hard and hot inside me, turning my insides to mush. 

He didn't start with a slow build-up, either. Once he decided to get moving his cock just pounded me. It would come charging in and then back off, only to come charging in again. I was working my hips overtime trying to keep up with him. 

It didn't last all that long, I'm sure of it. He just kept hammering in and I was gasping and squealing and pushing to meet him while his hands continued to maul my breasts and I just seemed to be catching fire and everything all seemed to be happening so fast.

Then he was climaxing, still inside of me, and then I was climaxing and clinging to him. I'm surprised you didn't hear me scream.

By the time I gathered my wits together he'd lowered my nightie again and done up the belt on my dressing gown. He gave me the jug of milk and steered me towards the door. I saw that he was watching when I came in here.

Andrea finally stopped talking while Michelle and Suzy looked at her.

"Oh," said Andrea. "One last thing. He said any of us were welcome to come over and borrow milk anytime. He wouldn't mind."