 Characters presented in sexual situations 18 and over

******

Victoria moaned loudly as Grayson fucked her brutally on Saturday morning. His deep grunts timed perfectly with his deep thrusts as his mother clawed his back and grabbed his ass cheeks.

"Yes baby!" Victoria screamed, "fucking give it to me!!!!"

Grayson cried out as he picked up speed, seconds away from cumming. His small hips pounded harder and harder into his mother's, his fingers locking around her juicy melons.

"Oh fuck!" he shouted, "I'M CUMMING MOMMY!!!!"

"Yes baby!!!" Victoria screamed, "fill Mommy with your hot seed!!!!"

Grayson cried out to the skies as he pumped Victoria full of his thick sperm for a solid 7 minutes as his mother erupted into her own orgasm, gushing her juices over his softening prick.

"PERFECT!!!!" Emily shouted, clapping her hands as Wendall came and took a series of photos, "Another great scene."

Victoria smiled as Grayson pulled out of her, her cock slit seeming to 'breathe' as the cool air of the studio struck it. Standing on shaky feet, she immediately down a cool beer and called for another.

"How many is that today?" Emily asked as her mother walked by.

"5 dear," Victoria replied, stretching her back, "Now where is that sexy husband of your's? Damn, I could use his fat dick stretching tight about now!"

Emily chuckled and checked the movie schedule. "There's two more scenes and you'll be at his mercy. I only hope someone of your frail nature can handle that fat, juicy and gorgeous dick he has."

Victoria smirked and slapped her own firm ass, the impact sounding through the studio. "How's that for frail?"

******

Ariella Ferrera was shocked as she arrived to the illustrious Anderson mansion. It was filled with winding pathways and more than a few fake turns that her driver was getting all the more frustrated at.

Finally, he found the right path and they pulled up to the previously unseen house. And Ariella's jaw dropped. As the engine switched off, she saw a boy come from the house, seeing to freshly be 18.

Yet, sprouting from his shaved crotch was a iron hard cock, at least 8 inches and uncircumcised, just above a pair of large balls, seemingly full of cum.

He walked to the car and opened her door, extending a hand.

"Ms. Ferrera," he said in a determined voice, "an honor. Do come with me please."

Despite her nervousness, she complied, wondering just what it was she had gotten into. Going through the large wooden doors, she saw a large group of people, mostly mothers and sons, along with some fathers and daughters milling about, all fully naked.

Some mothers were on their knees, sucking or jerking off their sons. One hairy-chested father had his daughter in doggystyle, the girl wearing nothing except some white high tops as she moaned in pace with his desperate thrusting.

"Ariella!" came a voice from above her, "welcome to our home!"

Coming downstairs was none other than Kyle Anderson, his legendary manhood already hard and erect, catching lingering looks from the many women scattered about the room.

He certainly was a sight, rippling muscles and an 8-pack, no doubt aided by the rough fucking he did on and off screen.

"Mr. Anderson," she said, trying to maintain her breathing, "how lovely to finally meet you..."

A loud scream pierced the air, coming somewhere from under her along with the dull pulsing of some sort of music. Yet, everyone else in the room went about their previous tasks.

By the now, the hairy father was sitting down, his daughter bobbing her head in his lap while she played with the fresh load he just shot inside of her.

Despite such sordid activity, Ariella found herself getting wetter as Kyle turned to speak to one of his assistants. Hearing a loud grunt, she turned to see a teen humping furiously in and out of his older sister.

Her face was covered in pleasure, as was his. She was amazed at the size and proportion of his hanging balls, slamming powerfully into his screaming sister before finally erupting, she rapidly running her clit and both cumming together.

"Ariella?!" Kyle called, "are you okay?"

"Yes! Yes, I'm totally fine." she said, watching the girl now was taking her brother in missionary, his cock rock solid yet again.

******

Ariella walked with Kyle and Molly down a long hallway and heard the music again. At the end of the corridor, they reached another set of double doors. Emily was on a couch, wearing nothing but a garter and was scissoring with Savannah, the blonde MILF squeezing Emily's right breast while sucking on her fingers.

Ariella then saw a host of little boys of all ages wanking at the same pace at the two MILF's lesbian shoot Emily now spanking Savannah's as the hot blonde hovered over her legs and Emily sucked her swollen tits.

The two came at the same time, kissing throughout their body-quaking orgasms, something Ariella could attest to from her many scenes. After the scene wrapped up, Emily laughed and dried off, giving a final kiss to Savannah.

"Oh my goodness," she said, rushing over, "Ariella Ferrera. We just love your work. The boys especially."

Ariella smiled. "Wendall here is our director and photographer," Emily said, gesturing to a naked boy with a gorgeous 7 inch dick who was reloading a camera, "when you're ready just go to him."

Ariella nodded and followed Molly to a dressing room. Ariella was in for another shock. In all her glorious years as a pornstar, she had never seen anything like this.

She walked into a bright and well decorated room, with plush carpeting and several vanity mirrors. Removing her purple top, she looked with admiration upon her wonderfully enhanced 34E breasts.

Looking about the room, she saw a stack of magazines. On one cover was a dainty 18-year-old girl, dolled up to look like a child, complete with a blue ribbon in her hair, completely nude. She somewhat reminded her of the Sunbeam bread girl with her gorgeous blue eyes.

Her eyes were fixed intently on the camera, holding her legs spread to give a wonderful view of her fresh pink pussy and perky breasts, about the size of two apples.

On the next page, Ariella saw the girl again. This time, her eyes were closed and her mouth was wide open, on her hands and knees as a redhead man was fucking her ass. Ariella imagined if it had been a live photo she would've seen a truly explosive orgasm from the look on his face.

She set the magazine down and went to the closet and found it was large enough to walk inside. When she did, she felt as if she was in a shopping mall.

A large crystal chandelier hung from the closet roof and there were racks upon racks of clothing, all more seductive than the last. There were no bras or panties to be seen anywhere but she did find a hot and tight low cut and silvery dress, stopping just short of her thighs and added some white strapped heels to the look.

Checking her reflection in the main room, she loved it, the dress seeming to conform to accentuate her bust all the more. She then heard a knock.

"Ms. Ferrera?" Molly called behind the door, "they are ready for you at Stage 3."

"Oh ok!" she called back, "I'll be there." 

She heard Molly walk off and looked on the wall. There were hundred of naked photos, all various ages (18 and up) and in various sex positions. Despite her worry as to what her scene, which had still not been told to her was to be, the hunger in her pussy was awoken.

And wouldn't be satisfied until she knew.

******

Many eyes followed Ariella as she walked to her assigned stage. On Stage 2, Marie was getting furiously humped by a strong black boy. Ariella then realized he was the same one who had escorted her inside when she first arrived.

Marie was on her stomach, her eyes rolling to the top of her head as he pounded her ass with everything he had, his strong fingers gripped her flopping udders tightly as his thrusts only quickened in speed.

Once she got to her assigned position, Wendall stood there and smiled, his cock throbbing as he took her in. "Boy, you look great!" he exclaimed.

"Thank you very much," Ariella said, "so what happens now? Who's my scene partner."

"Well... I am." he answered, stroking his fat prick. Ariella got wetter as she saw precum oozing from his shaft like a fountain.

"B-but..." Ariella stammered, trying to tear her eyes from the mixed cock, "I thought you were the cameraman... boy... whatever."

Wendall smiled, tossing his hair over. "I am. But I've seen how few POV vids you have. And I don't know a single person who wouldn't want to feel like he was pounding that gorgeous body you have."

She looked down, unsure as to what to do.

"But," Wendall said, "if it makes you feel uncomfortable, you of course are free to leave. With pay of course for your travel here."

She looked around, seeing Kyle holding Emily up as he bounced her on his dick, their mouths locked together while Victoria sucked his bouncing nuts before moving to eat Emily's cunt.

The arousal was too strong for her to turn back now. 

Forget he's a kid, Ariella told herself, fuck, just look at the ripe cock. Who knows how many pussies he's broken?

She crawled onto the mattress and hefted her boobs up higher, aroused as Wendall took some closeup, his cock all the more rigid.

"You're so fucking hot Ms. Ferrera," he said admiringly.

Ariella then took on a new attitude. Licking two fingers, she traced her abundant cleavage, watching Wendall jerk his cock furiously as he snapped shots rapidly, Ariella's nipples pushing against her dress.

Running her fingers through her brown hair, she winked and began to rub her pussy in slow circles, toying with her large clit. Wendall moaned as he jerked off faster, his nuts already boiling.

She then pulled off her outfit, revealing her full nakedness. As he continued snapping, she lowered her face and began to suck her right nipple, rubbing her pussy slowly.

"GAAAAAahhhhhhh!" Wendall cried, his cock erupted and shooting her warm seed onto the bed and Ariella's thighs. He was on such a roll, he couldn't stop, gushing so much Ariella couldn't resist but to put her mouth before the spray catching several gooey and hot swallows before his nuts ran dry.

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed, "that's a serious dick you've got kid."

Wendall laughed, his cock hanging slightly limp by his knee. Lucille brought up a towel which Ariella used to wipe up the remains of cum of her face and leg.

"Now..." she said once she was dry, "about that scene."

Wendall fastened on his camera hat securely. It wasn't heavy due to that it merely seemed to consist of a lens which actually was rapidly transmitting to his laptop. 

"3...2...1. ACTION!!!" His assistant Lucille called.

Wendall was amazed as Ariella wasted no time taking his cock, beginning to stroke it and roll his balls around. He could never remember being harder.

She then took it into her mouth, her Latin tongue twirling around his head. 

Wendall pushed his cock between her lips and felt her teeth open and her tongue wrapped around his pole. He took the sides of her head and began to slide his cock in and out of her mouth, Ariella rubbing her pussy. 

Wendall moaned as he pushed as far into her mouth as he could and started deep thrusting into her throat. She began to gag as little and tried to pull back, but she was no match for his strength. 

Every 10th thrust or so, he would allow her a quick breath so she wouldn't pass out. Wendall was getting close and he knew his time was short. 

He began to shutter and squirted out his cum. She took every drop, there must have been 5 or 6 healthy squirts of thick cum shooting down her throat, but he wanted some on her face for the camera, so he pulled out and released the last of his cum all over her face and tongue. 

Ariella put her soft lips on his tip and began to suck it like a lollipop. He groaned as he could feel the remaining cum being pulled out to her waiting mouth as she sucked it dry.

He released her head and tried to step back, but she wouldn't release my cock from her mouth. She was holding the sides of it and sucking for all she was worth, about to drain his soul.

"Oh fuck..." Wendall moaned louder and she released him, smiling as she licked his salty spunk from around her lips.

Wendall's cock was as hard as a rock again. The hot pornstar's face was covered in his juices and the view was incredible, Wendall snapping some pictures of her cum covered face. 

He wanted to fuck so badly. He wanted to feel his cock thrusting in and out of her hot, wet, velvety cunt. He looked at his mother's face, pleasure written all over it. She had shown hesitation to fucking him but she had had sucked him off to two massive orgasms.

He thought he might have a chance if he did it now, while her lust for him was so strong and before he blew his load all over the bed. Moving quickly, he crawled up and over Ariella's body. By the time she realized what he was doing, the head of his big cock was already brushing against her entrance, poking at her wet folds.

Without speaking, Wendall rammed his fat cock home, driving it deeply into her cunt flesh, smashing his big purple head into her cervix. Ariella gasped and moaned loudly as Wendall fucked her hard and fast, his cock racing back and forth inside her tight soaking wet hole. 

Her cunt cream coated the shaft of his cock and leaked out to paint his balls. Wendall felt her soft hands move onto his back, then down to his ass. 

"Wendall," she moaned, "Faster! Oh fuck, do it faster. Yes, that's it, fuck me honey, yessss fuck me. Ohhhhh."

Wendall pumped away inside the MILF's tight, wet cunt. He brought her to orgasm, and she screamed out his name and moaned loudly for over a minute.

She hugged him tightly, her hands caressing his back, her fingernails lightly raking his ass cheeks.

"Cum in me Wendall, cum in my dirty cunt. Fuck me honey, fuck me and coat my cunt with your sperm."

Wendall had heard enough, Ariella's dirty talk causing a stream of thick gooey sperm to fire against her cervix. His cock jerked and spurted, turning her pink inner walls white with his spunk. He flooded her hole with his cum and then collapsed on top of Her, drained to the limit.

Ariella kissed the exhausted boy, and he kissed her deeply back. With his cock still embedded deeply inside her, they hugged and kissed and held each other close. 

Ariella rapped her legs around Wendall,holding his cock inside of her. She squeezed her inner muscles milking his young cock for all it's cum. Slowly over the next several minutes Wendall felt his cock getting hard again. It had not gone limp since he had squirted on her face. 

Ariella knew that his youth would let him stay hard for a long period of time and with his returning hardness, she started fucking him again.

Wendall felt her hips rocking and pushing against him. He started to push back and seconds later they were fucking hard and fast again. Ariella and Wendall fucked for another thirty minutes before they both came again, their actions on the site's live stream. 

It attracted many viewers every second, the website's traffic overflowing as the two fucked harder and harder. When his cock slipped free after another hard gush of seed into her twat, she kissed her way down his chest to his groin and then took his cock in her mouth and licked it clean. She then lay beside him again. 

She grabbed his hand and pushed it down between her legs. His fingers slipped over her smooth mound and into her silky slit. She pushed his fingers into her dripping wet fuck hole. 

Wendall felt up inside her, the mixture of his sperm and her cunt juices felt so silky-smooth as it coated his fingers. Ariella then pulled his hand away from her pussy and brought his gooey fingers to her mouth and licked them clean. Drinking down the combination of flavors.

She then said, "Feed me baby, scoop all that cock juice and cunt cream out of my cunt and make me eat it."

Wendall was happy to do so. And happier that his cock was again rock hard. Ariella noticed too and as her he finished feeding the last of the cum he had blasted in her, she pushed him back on the bed and jumped on top of him.

She looked down on him, her big tits swaying, her fleshy cunt lips fanning out across his hard cock meat and she lowered her pussy down on his shaft and smiled.

"I'm going to fuck your big hard cock raw honey and milk every single hot drop of cum from your balls. What do you think of that?"

Wendall said, "I think I'm in heaven!"

Ariella said, "We both are honey, we both are."

She then began to ride him hard again, his hands groping her magnificent tits. The scene was amazingly hot, gaining viewers from around the globe and quickly gained over a million views with many calling it, 'MILF Mayhem.'

******

That night as he edited the video, Wendall made sure to include a separate video of the 3rd person footage from the cameras on the floor. Because no one wants a POV shot to change into 3rd person.

Ahem... Brazzers.

But anyway, as he finished, he shut off his laptop and crawled into bed with his mother, reaching to pinch her juicy 38Ks. Roxie awoke and smiled.

"A night quickie honey?" she asked, bouncing her knockers against his stiff pole.

"Boy do I ever!" he said, moaning as she slid his hard prick into her pole.

Because fucking a pornstar is one thing, but fucking your mother is something else!!