 It's just like my commercials said. Once you came in here you'd be a changed man and you felt that happening to you already. You are quickly shedding your inhibitions about trying new things sexually and finding yourself wanting to go fully wild with the next woman you encounter. And since I'm the next one you know you are going to unleash your full animalistic feelings on me. I better be prepared because you are going to give it all.

As I keep sucking your cock I feel my head swirling with all these thoughts. I can hear you make noise behind the wood and I wonder if you are trying to stifle your moans. I think it's so hot if you doing that but it's really not necessary. This room is sound proof so you can get as loud as you want. Trust me I've had quite some loud clients in here. Some that would make you wonder how they don't get the cops called on them every time they have sex. From what I've heard from you so far you're pretty quiet but I think if I try hard enough I can bring the loud moans out of you. Honestly I can't wait to hear that. Keeping up my mouth fun I do something that I never usually do for anyone else. I bring my right hand up and start stroking your cock letting my fingers every once in a while reach back and play with your balls. Usually when I suck off one of my clients I only use my mouth but with you I'm giving you what I would call my 2-in-1 special. It's something new that I'm adding today so you're the first one who gets to experience it.

Okay now you can't help yourself. Ungritting your teeth you start letting out a series of moans letting me know how much pleasure I am giving you. Keeping a hard grip on the handles knowing they are your lifesaver right now you lean your head forwards and place it against the wood once again as you start thrusting your cock hard into your mouth. You don't know what's come over you right now. All you know is that you don't want me to stop and that you want to give it to me so bad.

"Yeah take it. Take my cock," you moan aloud.

I moan around your cock as I hear those words. There we go. There's the moans and words I wanted to hear. I just love it when I hear a guy's moans especially when he expresses to me what he wants me to do. Usually I'm already doing it but it is still hot to hear it anyways. But with you I don't know what it is. Hearing you tell me to take your cock is making me want to go beyond my normal realm of professionalism and talk dirty back to you. But I can't. That's not what I am here to do. Holding back the urge to talk really dirty to you (not like I could anyways) I stroke your cock harder and suck you faster letting my gag reflex relax as I take more hot hard inches of your cock into my throat. My tongue is quite useless at this point so I just keep my focus on sucking you. I know you can't see me so I just decide to close my eyes as I begin to enjoy doing this to you.

Oh fucking hell. You really can't much more of this. Never have you had someone deep throat you before. You never knew it would feel this good. Closing your eyes you moan louder as you increase your thrusts. You just want to fuck the shit out of my mouth right now. The feeling of my mouth and hands on your already sensitive cock is exquisite. You know when you cum this time it is going to be another explosion but you also know after this you are going to attack me with lust but still following the rules of course. You know what you can get away with and what you can't.

I find myself becoming wetter with each moan that escapes your beautiful lips. I can sense that my panties are soaked right now. God damn it it's so hard to hold back how much I know that I want you. It's so difficult to keep up my professional stance but I know I have to. Squeezing my legs together I let out a very quiet series of moans letting them vibrate around your cock as I suck you harder enjoying every single thrust of your cock into my mouth. But you know I am going to keep some kind of stance once we are fucking. Somehow I am going to have to remain focused while letting you pound me so good. 

You listen quietly and you swear you hear moans. No that can't be. Listening a bit more you smile to yourself as you realize that indeed you do hear them. You have me moaning and love that. You know that I wanted you. You knew from the moment you laid eyes on me. But you will not make a big deal about it. No that wouldn't be kind. You will just keep that little tidbit to yourself. Feeling the pleasure run through you more you decide to just fuck it. Letting your hands move off the handles you grab onto the wood and hold yourself there as you feel your orgasm start to come on. The tingling in your shaft lets you know it's going to be a big one. You're not sure if you should let me know or just let me taste it for myself.

I can tell a sudden difference in the way you are standing. Trying to figure out what it is I realize that you must have moved your hands off the handles. Of course that makes sense. I can tell you are very close by the way your cock is throbbing in my mouth and on my hands. Well it's very good that you are holding on to the wood because I can tell that you are going to cum hard again. But I have a dilemma. Knowing that usually I collect the cum in a jar I find that instead I want to swallow it down my throat. I want to have your cum in my throat and inside me. Oh god if I let you cum in my mouth I am breaking my own rules. I am conflicted. Stopping my sucking for a minute I think it over.

You feel my mouth no longer sucking on you and you wonder if I've changed my mind. Damnit now you've gone and run me off you start thinking to yourself. Had to be so forceful and so dominating when that's not what this is about. With that thought you stop thrusting your cock and standing in place. You know I am in the one in charge and you are the one that isn't. Silently cursing to yourself you suddenly slam your fist against the wall.

I jump as I hear the noise. What was that? Was that you? No couldn't be. But there is no one else in the building except us so it must have been you. But why are you mad? I don't think I've caused you any discomfort have I? I must know why you are upset.

"Excuse me Kevin but why are you mad? Did I do something?" I ask

Upon hearing my voice you realize that I didn't go anywhere. There was just a reason that I stopped sucking. The reason you do not know but at least I'm still here thank fucking god because you are too close to try to hold back now. But you know you owe me an explanation.

"I'm sorry for hitting the wall. It's not very sexy I suppose. I just thought I had done something that made you leave," you say.

I have to chuckle at this moment. Never has this happened to me before. I start laughing as I keep my hand steady on your cock. I know I shouldn't be laughing while I'm trying to get you off but I can't help it. It's just so fucking funny.

You hear my laughing and you can't help but join in with some hearty chuckles yourself. It is quite funny with both of thinking they had done something wrong. Normally at this moment you would take your woman of choice in your arms and kiss her until she was squirming. But you can't do that with me. You really wish you could though.

Okay that's enough laughing now. Reaching up I wipe my eyes as I remember why I had stopped sucking you in the first place. It was because I was conflicted on whether I should swallow your cum or let it run into the jar. Knowing I'm breaking every rule I fucking have here I have to know what you cum tastes like. I'm sorry but we've gotten this far and I need to know. Keeping a steady stroking on your cock I place my mouth back on as I start sucking you hard again letting the shaft slide down my throat. I want you back where I had you a moment ago.

You feel my lips on your cock again and you quickly change your laughter to moans of pleasure. It amazes you how naked your cock felt without my mouth on it. It's so weird this whole experience. You feel like your head is swimming with a million questions you can't answer. Harder and harder you begin to thrust your cock into my mouth once again feeling your cum start to shoot out your cock. Oh mother fucker here it is.

"I'm fucking cumming again god damn it! Fucking take it bitch!" you hear yourself say.

I keep my mouth steady on your cock I feel your second load shoot into my mouth. With a moan from me I start swallowing using my hands to stroke you harder as I yearn to get every drop. Your cum tastes so good. I can't believe it. I wish at this moment I could reach behind you and squeeze your ass but with this wall between us I cannot so I'll just have to settle. Focusing on nothing but your sweet orgasm at the moment I don't even care that we are being recorded still. 

You grab and swear as you cum feeling my lips sucking every drop from you. You are beginning to feel weak now and know you need to rest if you can. You must ask me if it's okay though. You want to be good to go when you fuck me. Oh god yes remembering that you get to do that makes your cock spurt more cum out into my hungry mouth.

I take every drop that you give me. I then pull back and lick my lips letting my hand rest. My this has been such an experience so far. You are one the most interesting and by far the sexiest client I've ever had.

Feeling my hands and mouth no longer on your body you take a deep breath and move your hands wiping the sweat from your forehead. Wow you are definitely spent for now. You need a least 20 minutes to regain your strength before you can fuck me. You want to come from behind the wall but you want to make sure it's fine.

"Can I come out into the room now? I need to relax," you ask.

I'm okay with it. I know after those two cum loads you have to be spent. I need to relax my hands and mouth also at the same time. Getting up I walk over and grab a loveseat pulling it towards the middle of the room. I then sit down and take a deep breath making sure to keep my legs closed as not to allow my arousal to show.

You move your cock from the hole and walk around the wall coming back into the main part of the room. You see the loveseat and you are so grateful for that. But as you walk you also see me sitting there with my legs tucked underneath me and my body facing your side of the seat. You let your eyes scan down to my breasts and you groan softly to yourself. You can't deny your lust any longer. You long to push me back and take me on the loveseat. With lust filled eyes and thoughts you think of nothing else as you keep walking towards me. You are so hungry for me. So hungry for my lips, my breasts, my pussy. You just want to eat me up.

I turn and smile at you waving you over patting the seat next to me. As I watch you walking over I see the look in your eyes. Uh oh I know that look. I've only seen it on porn but I still know that look. It's one of someone who has finally broken and can only think of one thing. And lord knows I know what that is. Pure hungry lust. I can't stop staring at you though. It's like you are drawing me in. Well if you're going to look at me like that then fuck it I'm going to unleash all my lust I have built up for you. Keeping my focus on you I let all the lust come out into my eyes.

You see me staring at you. Oh fuck you see I am now mirroring the same look that you are giving me. So it's true after it. I do want you. You knew it! Keeping your steps slowly now you come over and sit down on the loveseat joining me. You then turn and stare right back at me licking your lips.

My heart races as I match your stare. I feel my pussy leaking through my panties and no matter how hard I try to hold the feeling back it's too late. You have broken though my dam and I yours. I know I could be shut down for this but who fucking cares. If you're the last fuck I ever have before I lose my business then it will be worth it. Scooting more over on the loveseat I let my hands move down between us. I want to see what you will do now.

You see that my hands are between us. You ache to feel them on your body once again but this time you want my hands to go wherever they want to. You want to feel me touch your back, your chest, your ass. And you long to touch my body. You want your hands on my breasts, my face, my inner legs, and most of all my pussy. But as much as you want to touch me and have me touch you in return you find you want to pick my brain first so to speak. You want to know things about me. Placing your arm around the cushion you lean towards me.

"So tell me. How did you come to be in this line of work? I mean how this brilliant idea came about?" you ask.

I keep my eyes focused on you as I hear your question. My I don't think I've ever been asked that before. Usually no one cares about that but I am intrigued that you do want to know. Of course I can't help but notice your somewhat relaxed stance. Figuring I don't have anything to lose I decide to tell you everything.

"Well it all started out a quite a joke among my friends and I actually. They always noticed that when it came to men I had a way of changing them so to speak. Meaning when they went to bed with them they would leave the same way they came which was normal. But if I slept with them they would leave changed and be a bit wilder in the sack with anyone else they approached. I told them they were just imagining things and that it was normal for any guy to change after good sex. They said nope it's something you do and I want to know your secret."

Wanting to make sure you were still paying attention I let my left hand reach up and touch yours letting my fingers play. I knew this story could be a bit boring and not exactly hot talk. 

Looking over you noticed my fingers. Taking your hand you let your fingers play with mine feeling your body start to respond once again. Keeping your eyes focused on mine you smiled and nodded for me to continue.

Noticing your nod I know you want to hear more of my story. So here it goes.

"I told them what do you mean you want to know my secret? That's impossible. I have no way of showing you that. Oh yes you do they responded. We want you to bring one of your regulars to my beauty shop and let us see in you action. We have to know what you do to drive all the men crazy. Of course I give them that look like they had lost it. But wanting to be a good sport and show them they were just imagining things I called up my lover Jim and invited him over to the business," I said.

Hearing all this had your heart racing and your cock quickly becoming hard once again. The thought that I had brought some guy here and fucked his brains out just to prove a point makes you want to just jump me right now. The urge to move over and pin me down on the loveseat so you can have your way is finding to be very hard for you to deny. But first you must hear the rest. You have to know.

"Continue please," you say.

I can't believe you still want to hear more. My you really are an interesting person aren't you? Okay I'll go on.

"Like I was saying I invited Jim over that night. I brought him back here to this room and we fucked like rabbits right here on this very seat actually. In fact where you are sitting is where he took me. I remember because I had my legs wrapped around his waist and my head was lying back on the armrest. Of course we weren't alone you know. All my friends were in the other room hearing us. I swore to them that they had to be quiet or else. The sex was mind-blowing and he came many times that night. At least 3. Because I didn't want to risk anything at the time I always took his loads in my mouth. He loved it and when he left that night, from what I heard last, he was producing multiple loads with each lover. So that's how this business came to be. My friend Sara was so impressed she sold me the business and I turned it into what you see now," I said.

Wow holy fuck! You've never heard such a hot story in your life. Knowing I took someone that was capable of only cumming multiple times with me and turning him into someone who could do that with each new lover made you suddenly see me in a new light. It was like a light bulb turned on inside your head and you were seeing clearly for this first time. There was a reason you were meant to come here today. You know it now. You know now you are meant to be one of my regular lovers both in and out of the business. Hell maybe you can even help get me some new customers by making a testimonial or some shit like that. Hell you don't know. All you know is how you feel right now.

"Wow that's so hot. Thank you for telling me. Can I ask you another couple of questions though?" you say

"Of course you can. I'll do my best to answer them," I reply.

"Okay well first I want to know is how wild do you like your lovers? And the second is would you mind if I become your business partner?" you ask.

Wow okay. The first question I've been asked before but I've never really gone into depth with before. And the second one wow. The thought of having you as my business partner knowing you'd be around a lot helping out with things. Of course I could use some help around here and maybe you could bring in some new clients. The more I think about it I like it.

"Okay to answer you second question I would love to have you as my business partner. I think it would be great to have some help," I say.

You feel a big smile appear on your face as you realize what this means. Every single day (or well almost) you get to be here seeing me milk other guys knowing they are getting what you do. The thought of watching me excites you greatly. And now that you are part of the business you know the idea of making a testimonial will work. The ideas of how to do that start forming in your mind.

"Wow that's great. Thanks. But you still haven't asked my first question. How wild do you like your lovers?" you ask again.

I gulp as I look at you. Oh god this question is sure to make you more aroused because my answers always do that. I'm not sure what you will do once you know the truth but I'm not afraid to tell you. Moving more over towards you on the couch I lick my lips as I prepare myself. Okay here goes nothing.

"I like my lovers to be pretty wild. They must be able to keep up with me. I'm into many different things you see. I enjoy all the typical things such as sucking a nice hard cock and getting eaten out etc. plus a good hard fucking. But see this is the part where it gets tricky. I also like to tie my lovers up and occasionally gently bite parts of their exposed skin such as their neck, their ear, and the head of their cock. I like seeing them helpless but sometimes I like being the helpless one. If I'm horny enough I'll allow handcuffs on my hands and a ball gag in my mouth while my legs are spread wide," I say.

You can't believe your ears. Oh fuck that's so god damn hot. Hotter than what you heard before. The images of being tied up or tying me up while doing the wildest things you can think of enters your mind. Fuck you want to do that. You want to do all the things you just heard. You've already had your cock sucked but you want it done again. You want to bury your face into my pussy and drown yourself in my juices as you hold my legs apart with your hands. You want to feel my teeth on your skin. You want me to bite you so hard. And you definitely want to be tied up and used. But most of all you want to fuck me. Yes you want that most of all. 

"That's so hot. I want do all those with you tonight. In fact I'm going to. I know all about your rule that after I cum inside you I have to eat the creampie. I long to bury my face in your snatch and taste us both together. I want to do everything you want and I want you to do everything I want," you say.

I feel my own heart race as I look at you. Being this close to you is dangerous I know that but I can't pull away. I need to feel you do all those things to me. I'm so tired of going home with a hungry wet pussy. I need to be tired and sore from a good fucking. I know you can give it to me.
