 Christina sent one final email to him before closing out of her email. "See you in ten minutes." They had been emailing all morning. She didn't get any work done. They were too busy discussing the rules of the game. It felt risky -- and "risky" was not usually a word in Christina's vocabulary. But it was exciting. Different. Taboo. 

She grabbed her purse and keys and headed out of the office. As she started her car, she could feel the butterflies fluttering. They've been fluttering since she met him for coffee during her lunch break two days ago. Was that just two days ago? They had spent the hour flirting, laughing, teasing.... And the next two days were filled with emails about how they were left wanting more. And somehow, the emails led to the creation of a game -- another lunch hour meeting, but this time with no words. They had all day for words when they emailed. This lunch hour was going to be a different kind of exchange....

Knowing she'd be seeing him today, Christina took extra special care getting ready for work this morning. She styled her layered, dark blonde hair and when putting on her makeup, she gave special attention to her baby blue eyes -- her favorite feature. She even spritzed a touch of soft vanilla scented perfume. Then she selected her black lace push-up bra and matching thong. She chose a low-cut, tight blue sweater and a black skirt that went just to her knees. She slipped on black thigh-highs and completed her outfit with a pair of tall black high-heel boots. She felt sexy, and that was an instant turn on for her. And of course, the emails being exchanged during the course of the morning were turning her on even more. Her black thong was already wet with anticipation....

She pulled into the parking lot of a nearby secluded park. She would come here sometimes during her lunch hours to get away from the office. She called it "her park" since hardly anyone ever came around. Today, she was sharing her park. She pulled up next to him and turned off her car. She climbed out of her driver's seat just as he was circling around his car. As he caught sight of her, he stopped in his tracks. "Mission accomplished," she thought as she smirked. 

She walked over to him, and as he was about to say something, she reminded him of their "no words" rule by placing her finger over his lips. After his gaze slid up her body, his playful eyes met hers. He kissed her finger and reached his arms around her waist to pull her close. She could smell his cologne and, as she pressed her body against his, she wrapped her arms around his neck and gently kissed his lips. As the kiss grew more passionate, she could feel him growing hard against her. 

The butterflies had faded from her stomach and were now throbbing between her legs. Their tongues danced, and they nipped on each other's lips. She reached out a hand searching for the car door, pulled it open, and backed into the back seat pulling him with her. Laughing, they both climbed into the back seat feeling like teenagers, closing the door behind them. 

They continued making out , but now they allowed their hands to roam. She pulled his shirt over his head, revealing his strong chest with a touch of curly dark chest hair. She grazed her fingers through the hairs and leaned down to flick his strong pecks with her tongue. While flicking and sucking on his nipples, she slid a hand down his stomach to the bulge in his pants. His cock was rock hard and begging to be let out of its constraints. She obliged and fumbled with his belt buckle, button, and zipper. She reached inside his black boxers and gripped his cock, the skin of it hot against her cool touch. 

As she started to stroke his cock, he reached for her sweater to pull it over her head and tossed it aside. He slipped a hand under the black lace and brushed his thumb over her hardening nipple. He bent towards her, taking the puckered nipple into his hot mouth, sucking on it gently.

She pulled away slowly, giving him a mischievous look. She kissed his chest, then slid her tongue down his chest, down his stomach, and breathed ever so lightly onto his throbbing cock. She continued to tease him by licking the head like a sucker. Then, finally, just when he thought he couldn't take it anymore, she took his cock into her mouth, circling her tongue around it skillfully. As she slid her mouth up and down, she continued to stroke him, giving him dual sensations. 

He slid his fingers through her hair as her had bobbed, dropping his own head back against the headrest. He then slid his hand along her back, caressing her soft skin. The sight of her being shirtless, bent over him while kneeling on the seat beside him was more than he could have ever imagined. The curve of her perfect ass was being hugged by the sexy black skirt. It was hiked up as she knelt, showing the tops of her black thigh-highs. And those boots -- those damn fuck me boots. He was going to explode if he didn't stop her....

He reached down and gently pulled her up. He sucked on her swollen, juicy bottom lip as he reached his hand to her ass. He slid his hand along her curves, down to her bare thigh, then caressed the skin of her inner thigh until he reached her soaking wet panties. He slipped a finger under the scarce strip of material, and felt the warm juices pooled there. He dipped the tip of his finger along her pussy, and she shuddered at his touch. He drew out his hand and brought it to his lips so he could taste her sweetness. Then he reached back, and this time he hooked a finger on the waist of the thong and pulled them down to her knees. She helped him pull them down the rest of the way as he guided her across his lap, straddling his exposed cock. 

She reached behind him and grabbed a condom that she strategically placed behind the headrest that morning. She opened the package and slid the condom down his shaft, stroking him as she did it. Then, with her skirt hiked up around her waist, she held his cock between her legs and slowly lowered herself onto him. She took more and more of his cock into her with each movement, until his entire cock filled her. And as she lifted her body up and down, fucking him slowly, he reached a hand between them and started circling her clit with his fingers. She continued to fuck him faster and harder and he could feel her clit growing under his finger tips. 

She leaned down and nibbled on his ear, then his neck, as her body rose and fell repeatedly over his burning cock. Rules be damned, she couldn't help but utter "Oh, God" as she got closer and closer to cumming. Suddenly he could feel her clenching around his cock with the waves of her orgasm. With her lips on his nick, he could feel her hot breath as she came and could hear her sexy whimpers. He couldn't contain himself any longer. With his hands on her hips, guiding her to fuck him harder, he exploded inside of her. His whole body clenched as her pussy gripped his exploding cock. 

After taking a moment to recover, he lifted her off his cock and she sat next to him, completely spent. Both were still out of breath as they sorted clothing and put themselves back together. She started to say something, but he silenced her with a kiss, reminding her of the "rules." Once they were dressed and straightened out, they climbed out of the back seat and parted with a simple kiss. 

Each drove away in different directions. She returned to her office, opened her email, and sent a quick note to him so he'd have an email waiting for his return..... "Hello gorgeous.... That was an amazing lunch hour. Forget meeting for coffee, we need to do THAT more often. There's nothing like putting the spice back into a marriage. See you tonight, my dearest husband. Love, your one and only."