 The morning after I killed Karen, I cautiously left my safe house. Before she died she had told me her accomplice would be waiting for me, but there was nobody in sight as I made my way to my Town Car and headed out of the subway access tunnel where my lair is hidden.

My first stop was Mina's, the bar where I had made my first contact with Karen the night before. Mina and I go way back, it's one of the reasons I meet my clients at her place. When you're conducting my kind of business, it's nice to start off in a place where at least one person's got your back. I was hoping that Mina still had mine. Mina is one of those exotic Asian beauties you see in the movies, but there is nothing even remotely submissive about her.

I couldn't imagine Mina setting me up. She was my first great love, and even though we hadn't worked out, the friendship remained. I even introduced her to her husband, Michael, my best friend. Years later, after Michael was gunned down by some gang banger punk, Mina became the first of my 'darker' clients, the ones who hire me to kill rather than protect. We had a very interesting night exacting our revenge, and our bond should have been unbreakable.

As soon as I slipped my key into the lock, someone yanked the door open and sent me sprawling inside. Someone really big. Someone who thought it would be funny to kick me in the ribs while I was down. No way was I going stand for this crap. As I rolled over, seeming to protect myself from more kicks, I slipped my favorite throwing knife from its hiding place on my belt. I pushed myself up from the floor and let the deadly blade fly. I don't care how big you are, three inches of steel in your eye tends to take all the fight out of you.

As he slumped to the floor, I relieved him of the silenced pistol in his shoulder holster. I'm not usually big on guns, any idiot can kill with a gun, but I recognize their usefulness when unknown numbers of people are actively plotting my demise. I quickly checked the rest of the bar and kitchen areas and, not finding anyone else, started to make my way toward the stairs to Mina's private apartment. I was getting more and more anxious as I climbed the stairs, wondering if Mina was alive, hoping she was okay.

When I reached the top, her door was ajar I could see Mina on her bed. I carefully stepped through the door, felt something wet on my face, and then darkness took me…

I woke up naked, with my hands and feet tied to the bedposts. 'This can't be good' I said.

'It's definitely not good for you', said someone, a female someone I couldn't quite see through the glare of the lamp pointed straight at my face, 'How nice of you to rejoin us'.

'I'd offer to shake hands, but I seem to be all tied up at the moment. How about cutting me loose here?'

'Not just yet, I think. We are here to teach you an object lesson, and make you an offer.'

She pulled the lamp away from my face, and as my eyes adjusted to sudden loss of light, I began to realize just how deeply screwed I was. The woman before me would have been the spitting image of woman I had killed last night, had she lived another twenty years. Same deep red hair, same rock hard body, same gorgeous eyes, just a few more lines around them. 

'I believe you met my daughter Lauren last night, Mr. Blades'

My mind raced, if this woman was calling me Blades, then Mina hadn't spilled my true identity. Maybe there was some hope yet. I had to keep Mom talking.

'Lauren, huh? Not Karen? Nice to have a real name to go with a corpse'

'Bastard!' She shrieked, and leapt onto the bed. 'In less than a day you have taken my daughter and my lover from me. You are going to suffer mightily, starting now!'

From her pocket she drew the knife I had used on the man downstairs, apparently the lover, and slashed an angry line across my chest. Lucky for me she didn't know what she was doing. The cut hurt like hell, but wasn't deep enough to do any damage. She got off the bed and disappeared from view. I could hear a kind of rumbling sound, and then she was back, pushing an office chair. As she came around the bed I could see Mina's naked, beaten, bloodied form tied to the chair. 

'Now let's see how you like it when your lover dies' she said with an evil grimace.

I didn't think it would help much to point out that Mina hadn't been my lover for many years. Our captor pulled Mina roughly from the chair and pushed her to the bed, stopping only to strip the duct tape that kept Mina from warning me from her face. With her mouth free, Mina seethed with anger and spit out 'Olivia, you bitch, I'll fucking kill you!'

'Not today' Olivia smiled. 'Mr. Blades here is going to show me exactly what he did to my daughter, and you will play the part of the lovely Lauren –right to the bitter end.'

Olivia then took my knife and slashed the ropes that held me to the bed. Big mistake. As I rubbed my sore wrists to get my circulation back, Olivia leaned over me and pressed my blade to my throat with her left hand while she stroked my rising cock with her right. 'And after you kill your precious Mina, you'll have me to deal with.' She whispered into my ear with a mocking intimacy.

'So tell me, what was the first thing that you did to my poor little girl' Olivia barked out at me, her rage returning. 

I figured it could only help my cause to feed that rage and hope she did something stupid. 'I stripped her and made her suck my huge cock.'

Olivia flushed crimson fury. She spiked my knife into the surface of the bedside table and pulled out the silenced pistol I'd taken from loverboy downstairs. She stepped to Mina a pressed the barrel to her head, forcing to floor on her knees. 'Come here, Jack!'

As I came close to Mina, Olivia pushed her towards me and growled 'Suck that cock, Mina, and make him come. NOW!'

Mina reached for me and took me in hand. I looked down at her tear and bloodstained face as she began to suck me off. Olivia fumed as she imagined her daughter's lips on me. I remembered when a Mina blowjob was a prize unequaled in the world. I used to think I'd do anything to have her on her knees before me again, but this was a perversion of everything I had ever loved about her. My cock had no such problems as Mina worked her magic tongue under the shaft and stroked my balls until I felt that all too familiar tightening and suddenly gushed into her mouth. Mina gagged a little, but kept it down. 

I reached down to lift my poor Mina up and help her to the bed. Olivia started to applaud our performance, then fixed her gaze on me with deadly intent and asked 'Then what did you do to her?'

Never breaking eye contact, I said 'I fucked the living shit out of her, and she loved every minute of it.'

This wasn't quite true. Lauren had actually been on top, riding my cock as she straddled me on my sofa. While it was happening I'd had one of the best orgasms of my entire life, but that memory was becoming tainted by what I was being forced to do now. Still, I didn't think Mina was physically able to reproduce that wild ride just now, so I lied a little to spare her any more pain.

Olivia was predictably quivering with rage, but she kept control and just said 'Show me.'

I shifted Mina's battered body on the bed and lay down beside her. She cried as I pulled her close to me, great heaving sobs as she said 'I'm so sorry' over and over again. I just held her close and tried to calm her. Olivia has having none of it, as she jammed the barrel of her gun between my ass cheeks and hissed in my ear, 'You either fuck her now, or I will, with this', jabbing hard with the pistol in case I didn't realize what she meant.

Mina raised her face to look me in the eyes and said 'It's ok, I love you, and it's not your fault' then she pulled me closer and whispered so only I could hear 'Kill her for me'.

I raised myself up, trying to keep my weight off of her as she spread her legs for me. As I slowly entered her, I couldn't help remember the last time I had made love to Mina. We already knew our relationship was doomed, but were determined not to lose each other forever. Over the course of that last weekend we made love in every room of my house, each time a celebration of what we were leaving behind and what we were promising each other to keep. 

Now, as I stroked into her gently, I tried to think of a way out of the brutal end that Olivia had obviously planned for us. Once again she was a step ahead of me. As I stroked out of Mina, Olivia reached between us and grabbed my shaft.

'I thought you said you fucked the shit out of her. She's a dirty cunt, but there is definitely no shit in there. I want you to fuck her in the ass – right now.'

I was still naked and unarmed against an angry woman with a gun at my head. I had no advantage, and no way to get one, yet. I had to comply. Mina, sensing this had already started to roll over. As she positioned herself, I grabbed her hips and pulled her to me. I slid my cock into her from behind to get wet again and then pressed into her ass as gently as I could. Mina was always wild, but this was never one of her turn-ons. She braced herself against me and I fucked her slowly at first, then with increasing intensity.

Olivia watched us, obviously picturing her daughter in Mina's place. While she was still furious, I could see her chest heave with each heavy breath. I couldn't believe it; she was actually getting off on recreating her daughter's last fuck! I tried to think of a way to turn this to my aid, but there was no time. Olivia met my eyes, and asked me 'How did you kill her?'

I replied 'Your stupid slut daughter thought she was such a great lay that I wouldn't notice her going for her gun. I took my knife and slipped it between her ribs. Stupid cow never saw it coming. She died with my cock still pumping in her pussy'

My harsh words had the expected effect. Olivia pulled my knife from the bedside table pushed it into my hand and backed away quick. She motioned towards Mina with the gun and said 'Do it.'

I slipped out of Mina's ass and held her close to me. I looked straight at Olivia and said truthfully, 'I can't'.

Olivia cocked her gun and snapped 'You can kill her now, quickly, or I can kill her so slowly that she dies cursing your name. Your choice asshole.'

I felt defeated; there was nothing else I could do. I pushed Mina back down on her hands and knees, and entered her from behind. I brought up my knife and quickly slipped it into her. She gasped, shuddered once and went still. I pulled my knife and my cock out of my dead Mina and dropped the knife beside her. Olivia gave me triumphant smile and pulled me to the edge of the bed. Really big mistake. I pulled hard on the hand that grasped my arm and as she stumbled onto the bed I secured her gun hand and threw the gun across the room. 

Olivia was surprised to find her self disarmed, but nothing could have prepared her for Mina reaching out and grabbing her by the hair with one hand and bringing my blade to her throat with the other. "How…" she gasped. 

I smiled at her menacingly. 'The blade I used on your daughter was nine inches long. It sliced through her lungs and punctured her heart. The delightful little 3 inch blade that Mina is nicking you with now didn't even come close, and I didn't go straight into Mina either – she'll be just fine. Now what shall we do with Miss Olivia here, Mina?'

'Fuck her with her gun' she smiled. 

Mina moved so that she was kneeling on Olivia's hair and gripping her head with her knees. She still held the blade at Olivia's throat. Olivia whimpered and tried to hold me off with her hands, which was difficult considering that she couldn't move her head. Giving Mina the gun, I took my knife and cut away Olivia's clothing, revealing the tight hard body I knew would be there. I couldn't resist tweaking a nipple and felt my erection returning.

'I think we should show Miss Olivia some hospitality before she goes, don't you think?'

'Be my guest' said Mina 

I knelt between Olivia's legs and pushed them wide. Olivia shrieked with horror as I pushed my fully erect cock into her without warning. She bucked against me hard as I slammed into her again and again until I came in violent spasms, pouring myself into her. 

'Your daughter didn't like it in the ass, let's see how you do' I corn holed her in one thrust as she screamed. I felt a dark rage coming upon me. Who was this bitch who dared to try to kill me and fuck with those I cared about? I took my knife and started cutting her.

'Who do you work for?' 'Why are you after me?'

Over and over I asked as I fucked her and cut her. I'll give her this, I tortured her for a long time, but she never said a word. I finally gave her one last chance by doing what Mina wanted. I took that pistol and got the barrel slick with blood, then slid it right up Olivia's battered cunt. She still refused to talk, so I pulled the trigger. She took a long time to die. 

So here I am. I've killed three people and done horrible things to a woman I love, but I'm no closer to any answers. I never even got to hear about the offer Olivia was supposed to make me. Who wants me dead, and why? I don't know, but for tonight all that maters is making sure Mina is safe and ok. Tomorrow will be a new day.