 Millionaire Playgirl: The Mandy Michaels Story

The ad read "21 year old female, 120 pounds, 5ft7, light brown hair, blue eyes, Caucasian seeks a MALE for anything, use your imagination." To think a 21 year woman with that description would have to resort to a personal ad was absurd. However if you knew Mandy Michaels you knew it wasn't that she was desperate to find her soul mate in the personals. She was looking for a little kink in her array of cock. This woman was like a fat person at an all you can eat buffet. She devoured men like they were donuts. Much like donuts she had them by the dozen. Her mansion wasn't a home it was more like a brothel only she was the Madame, the whore and the john all wrapped into one. In and out they came and went. You would think her bedroom had a now serving sign above the bed. She had a sexual appetite that was unheard of. She quickly became bored with them and tossed them aside and every night she hit the hot spots. Bars, clubs, hell I have seen that woman go to an alley and pick up a drunken bum as long as his cock still worked he would do. She was like an animal hunting for the prey, a junkie constantly looking for the perfect high. Sex consumed her. She was never satisfied. Here you have the richest woman in the world and she would give it all up for the perfect cock to take care of her every need. 

"Wow, look at all the responses I am getting for my personal ad Bass." Referring to her humble and extremely over compensated bi-sexual butler, Sebastian. "Yes Mistress, what man wouldn't reply to such an ad. Shall I service you now while you go through your mail?" 

This was an ordinary day at Mistress Mandy Michaels Mansion. She had 3 humble servants who catered to her every need and I mean EVERY need. There was of coarse 27 year old Sebastian, who was her favorite. He was a gorgeous 6ft brunette with the bluest eyes and a body men and women would kill for. With a description like that you are probably wondering why he is working as a butler I am sure. Mandy hand picked him at a strip club on her 18th birthday. Its said as soon as he dropped his pants she offered him the highest paying butler job! Needless to say he filled all the requirements.

Along with Sebastian, or Bass as she called him were Colin and Maria. Colin was your typical surfer dude. Drop dead gorgeous blonde, abs of steal and the kind of cock women would write songs about. He spent his days cleaning the pool, and gardening. He sure knew how to trim Mandy's bush. His downfall, well lets just say he's not the sharpest tool in the shed. Maria on the other hand was of Spanish descent and hardly had a grasp of the English language. However she could cook, clean and eat a pussy like no other maid. Not to mention she was the hottest senorita on the block. Now with that line up alone you would think a over sex millionaire would be content. Then again are millionaires ever content? 

Where to start with her sex tales? There are so many of them. Let me tell you the story about how I met Mandy. I like to refer to it as the happiest day of my life. 

It was a humid Friday night. Maria just left to spend the weekend with friends. Colin was driving up with the limo just as Sebastian opened the front door to assist Mandy out. She was wearing the sexiest little black dress. It left little to the imagination. Extremely low cut showing all her assets. She was stunning. Some might have said she was slutty but there was something so alluring about her. Her sexual appetite and sex appeal might have been overwhelming but she didn't lack for class. She was as sophisticated as any upperclass woman but she knew what she wanted and wasn't afraid to show her what she had to get it. 

As the drove down the driveway the gates opened and they were out of her fortress. Off to meet her next conquest. Her lips salivating, as well as her pussy. If you asked Colin he would tell you he heard her heart beating. She beamed with anticipation. Her thirst for lust was unbelievable. Finally the reached their destination. Colin opened the car door for her. "Would you like me to accompany you in Mistress and make sure everything is ok?" He worried for her. As did Sebastian. She never seemed to think of anything bad happening except for her not getting sex. "No, I will be fine. I will call you when I am ready for you to pick me up. Go get some dinner. Have a good night." With that she walked into the Hotel lobby. 

that's where she met me. I had no idea what I was in for. It was my first time meeting someone through one of those ads. My girlfriend of 5 years just dumped me. She was the only woman I was ever with. I was so nervous. More so when I saw this magnificent woman approaching me. To call her a knock out would be degrading. She was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. "Are you Mark?" My heart was beating a mile a minute. Her voice was just as sexy as she was. I tried to act cool but my nervousness got the best of me when I stuttered out a reply. "Yes, I take it your Mandy?" She smiled at my boyish voice and mannerisms. It was like she was getting off on it. She didn't say another word. She took my hand and led me to the room she had already booked. I thought we would go to dinner have some drinks. She was already for dessert. 

As soon as we got in the room she turned and passionately kissed me. Taken me by surprise. I had no idea what to do. Never had I encountered a person so forward. She grabbed my crotch and asked me how bad I wanna fuck her. Any other guy would have had their pants down and her bent over. Not me, I was standing there with my jaw to the floor in disbelief that I was this lucky! The next thing I knew she was undoing my pants and sucking my cock. Stroking it counter clockwise, taking it so deep inside mouth I could feel the back of her throat. The true QUEEN of fellatio. My ex girlfriend made it seem like a chore to do this for me and I never came, but Mandy made it like an art form. Within 2 minutes I was busting the biggest load down her throat. She guzzled it down like a soft drink. Not a drop of cum on me. She took it all. It was at that moment I knew I was in love. 

Mandy gazed up at me, "Did you like the way I sucked your cock baby?" "God, yes. No one has ever done that to me like that. Your amazing." With that she stripped down to nothing. Her body was so perfect. I can still remember how hot she looked like it was yesterday. The hottest set of tits I have ever seen. Huge and supple. I couldn't wait to wrap my lips around them and suck on her huge nipples. I couldn't control myself. I was all over her. Touching every part of her. I remember thinking she smelt so good and the way she tasted, oh she was so delicious. Her pussy was the sweetest pussy. So pretty and pink, completely shaven. As I put the head of my cock in her wet dripping cunt I felt I had died and went to heaven. I almost explode as soon as I put it in her drenched pussy. I had never felt anything like that before. She was amazing. 

"Fuck me harder. I want you to hurt my cunt. Harder baby harder.. Make me fucking SCREAM!!" 

I pounded her pussy until my dick almost fell off. She was gripping my cock so tight with her pussy it was taking everything I had not to burst. "Ahhhh I'm cumming... Harder harder . fuck that cunt wet cunt." I didn't want to cum right away. I wanted to impress her but she was so amazing I couldn't. I filled her cunt with my creamy load. Her pussy was oozing with her cum and my cum and she was fingering herself and licking it off. 

"Mmm taste so good baby. I need your cock back in me." She got on top of me like a jockey mounting his horse. She had muscles like I had never felt before. This is the woman all women should be molded after. The things she did to me that night. She let me fuck her anyway I wanted her. She loved a hard cock in her ass. She was into everything. Anything I suggested she was up for. When I finally looked at the clock I had realized we had an 14 hour fuck fest non stop. Needless to say I was exhausted. I feel asleep with her in my arms. However when I woke up with her gone. 

I hurried up and got dressed. I had to find her. Unfortunately I didn't have to look very far. As I was leaving my room I heard the sexiest voice in the hall. It was her. Only she wasn't alone. She had two men with her, groping her. They went into the room another room. I couldn't believe it. She was with two men. Only a few hours before she was in my arms and now she had two men in hers.

I walked off the elevator into the lobby. I just couldn't wait to get out there. All of a sudden I heard someone calling my name. "Mr.Bishop?" I turned to see an attractive man in his late 20s trying to flag me down. "I am Mr.Bishop." He said, "My name is Sebastian I work for Mistress Mandy and she wanted me to give you this note." I read the note. It said: 'Sorry I had to leave you, I had a prior engagement I was going to be late for but when I get home tonight I want you in my bed with a hard on waiting for me. Go with Bass he'll take you home. MM'

I do not know what I was thinking but I guess my dick was leading the way cause I went to her house. I waited for her like she asked. She came home around 6pm. It was like she was off at work all day. I knew better though. She came in and didn't say a word she just started sucking my cock again. I asked her what she was doing and what's going on. She stopped and looked at me. "Don't you like getting your cock sucked baby?" She looked so pretty just looking up at me. Her eyes were so blue. "Yes but I don't understand what's going on. I saw you with those two guys at the motel this afternoon. Did you leave me to go fuck them?" She smiled such a sexy seductive smile. "Yes I fucked them. My cunt was wet and you were sleeping and I needed something else. I like your cock a lot. I would like it in me at least 6 or 7 times day. But I need more than just you baby. I fuck lots of men. I need sex 24/7 and I know one man can not satisfy me." With that she handed me an envelope. There was five thousand in it. "what's this for?" I couldn't fathom why she handed me money. "I want you to live her with me and I will give you anything you want. All you have to do is fuck me like you did last night and hold me sometimes. I am not the marrying type but I want someone to be here for me when I get home from seeing other men. I want someone who can love me but understand I need more cock in my life. Can you do that?" Part of me wanted to say no I cant your pathetic and nothing but a slut. But she wasn't she was beautiful and even though I had only known her 24 hours I knew I would love her forever. No matter how many cocks she sucked and fucked all day she would come home to mine. "Yes. I want to be with you Mandy and I don't care about you being with other men" I cant believe I said it!!! "Well great then. Sebastian & Colin will collect your things and you will live here. But first can you put your cock in me already I am going through withdrawals."

And that was that. I was in. I was Mandy's back up plan so to speak. I was the man she came home too. Maybe some might say she's a slut and I am just a pig for living with a woman who not only fucks other men but her staff as well. I don't think so though. She is amazing. She hardly sleeps or eats. She lives for sex. No one person lives and breathes anything as much as she does for sex. There is no time for hobbies. No time for friends, family or even work. She is a millionaire who lives her life striving for the perfect fuck. Day in and day out. One cock to the next. I ask you this. Do you have that kind of drive for your careers and families? I think not.