 The smell of coffee and B.O. was nearly overwhelming as I stepped into the packed library the Saturday morning before midterms began. I checked my watch, surprised to see so many people had already dragged themselves out of bed to study this early. I didn't have a lot on my plate for midterms, but I had agreed to meet my chemistry lab partner to work on our major project bright and early this morning-- 8:30, to be exact. I am not a morning person, but this project could very well take all day, plus, it was nearly impossible to say no to my partner... his smile could make any woman drool.

I hustled my way up to the third floor, where we had agreed to meet, only to be nearly stopped dead in my tracks when I saw him. Milo. God, even his name is sexy. He stands at a tall 6.1' and is just the right amount of muscular. He has dark, wavy black hair and piercing blue eyes. My favorite thing about him, though, is his smile. It magically lights up his entire face, and you can't help but smile along with him. He also is one of the nicest and intelligent people I have met in my years here in college, and we always have the best conversations.

I have been into Milo since the moment I saw him in lab, and I had prayed he would sit at my station. I got my wish, but as I got to know him, it was clear nothing but a friendship would bloom from our partnership. He was a bit of a lady's man, often getting dropped off by different women to our class and lab. He also never showed much interest in me, romantically. He always seems too happy for me when I went on dates. Plus, he was out of my league. Don't get me wrong, I'm not an insecure person, and I know I have many good qualities. I am a rather short 21 year-old at 5.3', with coppery blonde hair and a well-proportioned face. My body isn't half bad either-- I have a perky, C-cup chest, and small waist and a huge ass. Curvy, but confident, I like to think. However, I can't imagine a man ever drooling over me like I see women do with Milo. So, I was happy to have a good friend and get to stare openly at someone so attractive so many hours a week. Normally. However, today, I woke up feeling unbelievably horny, and somehow I think that the extended time with Milo will do nothing to quell that.

I approached Milo, and right as he looked up I began an uncontrollable, huge, throw-something-in-my-mouth type of yawn. When I opened my eyes, he had that huge, beautiful smile with his perfectly white teeth plastered across his face. Inwardly, I cursed myself for not putting more effort into my appearance that morning, and for spending time with someone so gorgeous, who I would never have. I had thrown my hair into a french braid and was wearing a romper that was quick to throw on, though had very short shorts.

"Tired?" Milo teased me as I sat down, nearly slamming my 20 oz latte on the table.

"Haha, very funny. I had a late night." I responded, trying to maintain some air of mystery in my voice, hoping he would wonder what I had done last night. Unfortunately, he knew me too well.

"Finishing a sewing project?" He asked, in the same light, teasing voice.

So much for mystery. Milo knows that once I start a project, whether it be sewing or writing or even reading a book, I tend to get lost and struggle to get done as quickly as possible, because I like seeing the final product or ending. This usually includes staying up to the wee hours of the night.

"You know it," I respond. "I have to finish those quilts for my sisters before we head home for break."

"You're a great sister, Eloise", he said genuinely. This meant a lot to me. I guess it's not so bad to be here at 8:30 a.m... if I'm with Milo.

Shut up Eloise, I think, it's never going to happen.

"Thanks, Milo. Now, let's get to work!"

"Alright, alright, Miss Colt!" Milo replies as he flashes me another 1000 watt smile and a sexy wink.

God, will he ever stop torturing me with all of this flirting?

*8 long fucking hours later*

After long hours of work, a measly banana and what felt like 30 bathroom breaks, we finally finished our project, around 5:30 p.m.

"Just in time," Milo says with a yawn, "the library closes in half an hour."

Just as he finishes his thought, my stomach let's out a giant growl. I love to exercise, and because of this my appetite is more than healthy, and today, I had had much less food than I was used to eating. My body knew this, and I was being punished for it.

Milo let out a huge laugh when he heard my stomach. "Sounds like you agree about our timing. Do you want to go out and get dinner to celebrate being done? Patty's is having a midterm special, 2 for 1 margaritas!"

Patty's was our town's best Mexican restaurant, plus, you could pay less than $10 for a HUGE plate of food. Not to mention that margaritas sounded like the perfect cure to my headache. Overall, I couldn't agree fast enough. "Absolutely!" I nearly yelled at him.

"Great, haha, let's go then! And fast, before you eat me!" He teased.

Wouldn't that be nice, I thought. I growled in response, shoving my computer in my bag and running after him through the library doors.

As everything was close in our small university town, so we decided to drop off our bags at my apartment on the way and then head to the restaurant.

"How are your other classes next week?" Milo asked on our walk.

"Not bad, how about yours?" I replied.

"Chem was my biggest project, I'm basically home free now." He said, sounding almost care-free. "Come on, we are almost there, I know you're hungry," he said, taking off in a sprint to the restaurant and winking at me over his shoulder. I rolled my eyes but quickly raced after him. Although his legs were twice the length of mine, meaning I had to take two steps for every one of his, my hours of training came in handy and I passed him right before we reached the restaurant. A look of shock came onto his face, followed by one of admiration. I stuck my tongue out at him.

"I can't make it!" He yelled dramatically, dragging his feet the last few steps to me and collapsing heavily on my shoulders, going limp and nearly taking me to the ground. Thinking I felt pretty good and still wanting to impress him, I rolled with it, grabbed his legs just under his ass, heaved him onto my back, and walked up to the front door of the restaurant. He belly-laughed the whole way in and continued to until we were seated.

"That was impressive! You had such a look of determination on your face... just like you do now." Milo commented, pointing to the menu I was desperately staring at to find an order so I could place it quickly and get some food. I responded by snapping at his outstretched finger with my teeth.

"Okay, okay, I'll pick something quick!" He promised, laughing. "You are something else, Colt."

"I know, Sallee." I replied, just as the waiter arrived and we ordered our food and our margaritas.

Halfway into my first margarita, I was already starting to feel tipsy. I normally can hold my liquor well, but I had almost no food in my stomach and was therefore feeling its effects quickly. This led to an increasingly flirty dinner.

Nearly two hours and 4 or 5 margaritas each later, Milo was laughing again. "I can't believe you finished that giant burrito, it was as big as you!" He marveled.

"I like to eat, and you nearly starved me all day!" I barked back at him.

"I promise to never starve you again, Eloise," he responded sweetly, reaching over the table and gently touching my hand. Butterflies immediately ran through my stomach and continued through my slightly inebriated head. I smiled sheepishly at him until the waiter came with our separate checks. We paid and headed out of the restaurant towards home, both giggly and nearly incapable of walking in a straight line.

As we walked, we stumbled into each other and giggled about nothing. "You normally aren't such a lightweight, Eloise!" Milo joked with me, pushing me sideways and watching me stumble before bringing me back and sliding me under his arm. I glared at him, reminding him that it was his fault, since he had starved me.

As we walked, we continued chatting about nothing. I asked him about his latest girl, and his face turned sour, explaining that she wasn't a good match for him. Then, Milo questioned, " I haven't heard about your love life in a while. Are you seeing anyone?"

After the margaritas, my inhibitions were lowered, and I decided to tease him for a change. "I am actually. His name is Johnny."

Milo's brow ruffled, but he quickly regained his composure. "Do you like him? What's he look like?" He questioned, poking me on the ribs as he did, teasingly.

"Naw, its mostly about sex with me and Johnny. He's long and pink and vibrates. But no man has ever made me feel like Johnny, so I keep him around in a drawer." I run a little and turn back to wink at Milo, who looks slightly stunned. I begin to blush and laugh at the same time, wondering if I had gone too far.

Milo's face widens with one of his signature grins. "You saucy minx!" He yells at me as he runs up and grabs me, tickling until I beg him to stop. It isn't until he does that I realize we are outside of my apartment building. I give him a shy smile and say goodbye with a wave, turning and walking to my door. I expect to hear a goodbye from him, but instead, he calls out something that stops me dead in my tracks.

"I bet I could give Johnny a run for his money."

Annnnd, the butterflies are back. I spin around to face him, as he stands now about 5 feet away, staring straight at me, a serious look on his face.

"I'm not so sure about that." I manage to whisper teasingly, smiling weakly at him.

"You don't trust me? You have my word that I can!" He asks, pulling out fake puppy dogs eyes, and taking a step towards me, closing the gap between us by a few feet.

After a few seconds of silence, I respond. "I don't know how good your word is, Milo Sallee."

"You're right," he says, taking another step forward, "I guess I'll just have to show you." While he speaks, he closes the gap between us and wraps his arms around the small of my back, pulling me close to him. His gesture makes me gasp, and I look into his beautiful blue eyes, which seem to be begging me to give him a sign about what to do next. I smile wide, and with that, he presses his lips against mine, hard, with what feels like an unquenchable thirst for me. I run my fingers through his hair and pull him even deeper into the kiss, if that is even possible. His hands caress my body and it all feels so good and right. After a day of being sexually frustrated from staring at him, and all the margaritas, the only thing I want is his cock buried deep inside of me.

I break away from the kiss and turn to run toward my door, with one hand looking for my keys and one pulling him behind me. I stop in front of the door and finally pull my keys from my purse. As I do, Milo steps behind me, putting his hands on my hips and pulling me into him. He slowly starts kissing my shoulder and trailing up my neck as I locate the correct key. His light kisses and nibbles make me weak, and I lean back into him. I slowly reach out to put the key in the lock as he kisses my neck and heads to my ear. I slide the key in the lock just as he breathes quietly into my ear "I have wanted this for so long, Eloise" and sucks my earlobe into his mouth, nibbling softly. I gasp and let go of the keys. Quickly, I turn my head to let my mouth meet his as he presses his hips against my ass. He meets my lips with a fury of lust, immediately pushing his tongue into my mouth and exploring.

The passion of our kiss never ceases as he uses his hands to turn me to face him roughly, and then wraps his arms around me again. He runs his hands over my ass to the base of my short romper shorts. Suddenly, he lifts me up and I wrap my legs around him, still running my hands through his hair and kissing him with an intense desire. Holding my ass with one hand, he reaches forward and unlocks and opens the door, removes the key, and walks through the threshold. He never stops kissing me. Once inside the apartment, he kicks the door closed and throws my keys to the side.

As suddenly as it started, Milo pulls away from me and sets me back on my feet. His face looks troubled, and I worry that I've done something wrong, or let him in to early, or he thinks my apartment is messy.

"My roommate is gone for the weekend." I offer in the stark silence.

He looks at me with what I think is a sad longing. Finally, he says, "I'm sorry Eloise. You're drunk, and I'm taking advantage of you. I have wanted to be with you for so long, but I thought you would never feel the same. I don't want to do this if it will ruin any chance I have of really being with you."

A wave of understanding hits me. He is so sweet. I put his head in my hands and force him to look me in the eyes. "Milo?" I question.

"Yeah?" He says, looking hopeful.

"Will you go on a real date with me? I want to give us a shot."

I prepare to wait for his response, but he rapidly shoots back, "Really? Yes, I want to, too! And you aren't just drunk?"

I nod my head no, and smile at him. I pull him into a long kiss. When he finally breaks away, he smiles wide at me. "Finally," he breathes. He steps away and turns to leave.

"Milo?" I call out after him. He turns and looks at me, waiting. "Aren't you going to show me how much better than Johnny you are?" I ask with puppy dog eyes.

He looks me up and down and then asks me, "Are you sure we aren't moving too quickly?"

I shake my head no, and he gives me another look. "I don't want to take advantage of your drunken state."

I walk towards him and pull him close to me. I stand on my tiptoes and whisper into his ear, "I want you. Please don't make me beg."

He moans slightly and then looks me deep in the eyes, as if trying to see if I was telling him the truth. Finally, he says, "Well, then, I am going to take my time and enjoy this." He winks at me and puts one hand on the small of my back and the other on the back of my head, and brings me in for another passionate kiss. This one was slow, and full of longing.

When he pulls away from the kiss, he looks at me and gives me a small smile. He shakes his head, almost as if he can't believe what is happening. Then, he brings me in for another kiss and slowly bends me into almost a dip, holding me solely with one hand on the small of my back. I've never been with a man as strong and sure of himself as Milo. It's unbelievably sexy having him take control, and I couldn't wait to see what he would do next.

Slowly, Milo lowers his free hand from my face down to my ass and gives it a squeeze. He begins to bring it higher, slowly grazing over my womanhood. He kisses down my neck and my shoulders. I let out a low moan as his hand continues to trail upward, reaching my left tit. He runs his thumb across my hard nipple and, in response to my second moan, tweaks it slightly. All of this teasing and waiting is literally making my pussy drip with longing. Finally, he reaches the top of my shoulder, and slowly slides off one of my thin straps, and then the other. My romper stays up, held there by my breasts.

He grabs the zipper on the front of my romper and pulls it down slowly to the end of the line, at my waist. The top of my romper slides off my arms, revealing my black and white lace bra. He stares at my tits for a moment, takes a deep breath, and returns to my clavicle, kissing and nibbling it lightly. His hand finds the tie at my waist, grabs the end of one string, and tugs. He brings me back to a standing position with firm pressure from his hand on my back, lets go of me, and my romper slides down, revealing my pink, lacy underwear.

Milo takes his time looking me up and down before he licks his lips and pulls me in with both hands, kissing me with a renewed fire, forgetting the slow, longing caresses. He furiously grabs at my ass and tits, almost unable to control himself. Pressed against him, I can feel his bulging penis, and realize that he will be the biggest man I've ever been with. The thought only makes my pussy wetter, and I suddenly must see him naked. I tear off his shirt and slowly sink down his body, letting my hands and lips and tongue flow over his now exposed chest and 6-pack, until I am sitting on my knees in from of him.

I wrench his pants and underwear down in one swift motion, and he kicks off his sandals, leaving him completely naked with what appears to be a 8 or 9 inch raging hard-on nearly poking me in the face.

Excited, I begin licking up and down his shaft, while I fondle his balls in one hand and play with myself with the other. I had never attempted to blow a man with such a huge dick, so I concentrated and did my best to take in as much of Milo as I could-- I wanted all of him. I flicked my tongue across the base of his dick as I bobbed up and down, occasionally nearly pulling my mouth completely off him, only to plunge back down further.

When his member hit the back of my throat, I still had roughly two inches of dick exposed. I'd have to keep trying another time, but today I just wanted to give this god of a man as much pleasure as I could muster for him. I wondered if he was enjoying himself, so I darted my eyes upward to see his reaction. He was moaning deeply, staring directly at me. Our eyes met, and the combination of my mouth around his cock, my hands on his balls and my eyes looking up at him nearly sent him over the edge. His eyes closed and he raised his face to the ceiling, attempting to keep from cumming down my throat.

I slowed my pace, not wanting to stop sucking him off. When he met my eyes again, I took one of his hands and placed it on the back of my head, urging him to fuck my face as hard as he wanted. He gave me a questioning look, so I began to bob on his dick more rapidly. Finally, he got the hint and took control, something that turns me on unbelievably. I began playing with myself again, and orgasmed quickly, moaning as he thrust my mouth up and down his dick. He let out a gasp and I roughly pulled him out of my mouth, making him wait for his orgasm.

"Do you want to cum on me?" I ask, looking into his gorgeous blue eyes.

"Yeah? Can I?" He questioned hopefully.

"Yes, please! Where would you like to?" I asked flirtatiously.

He paused for a moment, possibly because he was worried about treading in uncertain waters. "Your face?" He asked timidly. I smiled and winked at him, reached behind my back, and unhooked my bra. "You're amazing," he said to me before reaching for my breasts with his hands. I wagged my finger at him, indicating he wasn't allowed to touch them, as I had other plans. I pulled his cock back into my mouth, licking it all over to thoroughly lubricate it. Then, I grabbed my tits in my hands and wrapped them around his shaft, slowly titty-fucking him.

"Shit." He gasped. "I've never had a woman let me do this before."

I increased my speed and began licking the tip of his cock when I reached the base with my tits. He moaned roughly and I could tell he was close. He began thrusting into my tits, hitting my face almost forcefully with the purple head of his giant cock. Knowing he was close, I let out a low moan and it sent him over the edge. He yelled out as his cock covered my face and tits in strings of white jizz that kept coming. It landed in my mouth, on my eyes, in my hair, and cascaded down my chest. After what felt like minutes, I felt his cock stop twitching, and his breathing becoming ragged. I released his cock from between my tits and reached up with both hands and wiped my eyes, sucking the cum slowly off my fingers.

"Delicious," I smiled at him through his cum. "You taste so good."

"Shit Eloise. Shit." He murmured through his heavy breathing.
