 Millie's head snapped up. "You said what now?" She queried as she leant back, hoping that she'd misheard.

"I said; my name is Drew Rasenbach..." He repeated it slowly this time, enunciating it like she was hard of hearing.

"Holy shit!" She groaned dropping her head into her hands. "That's what I thought you said. Oh Fuck!" Of course that's who he'd be! Millie thought. Who else could he be? She'd been having shitty luck all day, why would now be any different? Millie looked up, her eyes scanning the sky again. "It really is fuck with Millie day today huh?" She said dejectedly. 

Drew frowned at her. "I'm sorry did I miss something?" 

Anger flared again and this time Millie wasn't going to bite it back. "Oh you missed something all right!" She practically snarled at him as she poked him in the chest. "You follow me out here, make me think you're the Good Samaritan and the whole time you're putting on the charm, you're only thinking about how to dip your wick!" 

"I beg your pardon?" He interjected, confused by her accusations.

"Oh don't play the innocent with me!" Millie continued. In all honesty she'd been thinking about sticking it to her boss but not like this! "You Rasenbach's! You're all the same huh? You think the whole universe revolves around you and that you can do whatever the hell you like without consequence! Ha! Well not today buddy!" Millie took a breath readying herself to hit him full swing. She was so angry she could have spit!

How on earth could she have been so stupid? Why had she not thought to ask if he had a girlfriend or wife when he'd done the same to her? He had her so out of sorts that she hadn't even thought about whether or not he might have been married. 

That was no excuse of course! Millie always made a habit of checking a guys hand before she even flirted with them, searching for the telltale sign of a tan line where a ring should be. But she hadn't done that this time and now she was faced with the very real prospect of having just slept with her boss's husband – well ex-boss – but still. Her eyes flicked down to his hand. No ring, not even a tan line of where a ring should be. Well that meant nothing!

Millie might have been many things, but a home wrecker she was not, and she never ever, ever slept with married men! Hell she didn't even flirt with them. And now? Now, because of this absolutely horrid day, her amazingly awful run of bad luck, her appalling lack of good judgement, well now she'd done both! And she felt terrible about it... And angry!

"Have you any idea what you've just done? Do you even feel any remorse over it?" Millie demanded. It was a purely, anger driven question and one she didn't expect an answer too but Drew tried to answer her.

"I don't know what you're going on about Millicent." He said trying to placate her with a calm voice placing a hand on her arm. "But whatever you think it is I've done I can assure you that you have it all wrong."

"Oh really?" Millie snarled at him again shaking off his hand. "I have it wrong do I? Well how'd you like to know that it's all because of your wife that I'm out here in the middle of nowhere in the first place hmm?"

A look somewhere between confusion and surprise flashed over Drew's face. "I'm sorry? My wife...?" He began.

"Yes your wife! Oh, don't try to deny it! I know her! For Gods' sake, I used to work for Angela. Before she fired me that is! She's the reason I was tearing out of the parking garage to begin with. Why I was crying, why I took the wrong highway out of town and ultimately why I ended up here, stranded on the side of the road when you came along to rescue me!" Millie growled. "God, and I thought today couldn't get any worse! Now I've just fucked my ex-bosses husband!" Millie continued. She was so angry she wasn't thinking straight because it never once occurred to her that he might have been her ex-bosses ex-husband.

"Whoa!" Drew began holding up his hands like he was warding off a charge. "Wait a minute there, now I know you've got it all wrong..." He tried to get his point across but Millie wasn't listening, too busy berating herself and him to really hear what he was saying.

"I knew it, I just knew it! It was too good to be true! And you! You don't even feel bad about it do you?" Millie accused as she pushed herself forward, making Drew step back a little. Her skin squeaked against the metal of her car as she slid down to the ground taking the weight on her good foot as she reached up and poked him in the chest again to emphasis her words. "You're not even the slightest bit sorry are you?"

Gravel dug uncomfortably into the soles of her feet but Millie ignored it as she looked up into his face. She was already royally pissed off, so you can imagine her chagrin when she saw his eyes shining merrily, amused at her tirade and barely fighting back the laughter. 

"What the hell?" Millie growled at him incredulously. "You think this is funny?"

At that Drew did laugh... a deep and hearty laugh. 

"I'm glad you think this is so fucking hilarious!" She spat at him sarcastically as she turned and tried to limp away, her hand on her car for support.

"Oh Millicent, I'm sorry, but you should see your face!" He said as he reached over and grasped her elbow. 

She shook off his hand roughly and tried to hobble away again. "Leave me alone, you arsehole!" 

"Millicent stop! Please?" He said his voice acquiescent now. "Will you please let me explain?"

"I don't want to hear your fucking excuses." Millie said angrily.

"Oh, for Gods' sake!" Drew growled as he grabbed her shoulder to spin her around. His fingers slipped, catching at the material of her shirt. Without meaning to, he yanked on it roughly and her blouse pulled apart as two buttons came flying loose. Millie, already off balance due to her ankle, spun around and fell back hard against the door of her car. Realising what he'd done Drew immediately began to apologise. "Millicent, I'm sorry I..."

Shock at Drew's action rendered her speechless; Millie's mouth hung open in surprise. Then anger; white and hot, irascibly rose up and nearly blinded her. Millie virtually screamed like a fish wife as she threw herself forward. Arms flailing, she honestly didn't know what she was doing but she was so angry all she could think about was bludgeoning him to death with her bare hands. 

He'd made such a fool of her. Just like his damn wife had, and now he was going to put his hands on her again?! Millie didn't bloody think so! She hissed and yelled, her hands like claws as she struck at him, not sure if she was landing any hits but not truly caring. Her anger needed an outlet, as he was as good a one as any.

"Millicent!" Drew barked as he warded off her blows with his arms. He growled and wrestled with her, grabbing at her arms until he captured them and clamp them down beside her ribs. He pushed his body against her and pinned her against the car's rear door.

"Let me go, you prick!" Millie yelled, struggling hard against his hands.

"No way! Not until you promise to settle down." Drew told her. Millie couldn't believe how calm he was. Just another mark against him she thought as she continued to twist her arms in his grip. She could feel the bulge of his crotch as it swelled against her belly. She couldn't believe it. He was getting turned on even now?

Her mind reeled back in righteous anger although her treacherous body betrayed her and she felt an electric thrill fire across her senses which set her pulse to racing for an entirely different reason – which in turn made Millie even angrier! She didn't want to feel this arousal, this raw attraction she experienced towards this man, a man that was married and should bloody well know better! 

Her white hot, blinding anger had dissipated though she still seethed. She had passed the state of wanting to physically assault him. She knew he wasn't about to release her if she kept fighting so she stilled, catching her breath as she glared up at him. 

"Fine!" She said crossly. "Let me go." 

"Do you promise not to hit me anymore?" He asked softly, staring down at Millie intently. 

"I promise. Now will you let me go already?" Millie said a little insincerely.

Drew stared at her for a moment longer before slowly releasing his grip on her wrists. He was watching her every move, gauging whether he was going to have to defend himself again Millie supposed. Millie thought he might step back and release her fully, but it didn't seem Drew was going to trust her entirely. 

"Now will you listen to what I have to say?" He asked reasonably.

"I told you, I don't care. I don't want to hear it." Millie said as she looked away. Her voice sounded shaky and she hated herself for it. Despite herself Millie's body was acutely aware of his, and had a mind of its own. Her pulse had increased yet again and all she could hear was the rush of blood in her ears as her stomach churned with nervous flutters. And all because she could feel his hard cock pressed against her belly, she was taking promiscuous to a whole other level today! 

She got annoyed at herself again. God why did he have to be her bosses husband? Why did he have to be so God damn gorgeous and nice to boot? Why couldn't he act like an arsehole too, it'd make it so much easier to despise him! "Please, would you let me go?" Millie hated that she could hear a catch in her voice. She bit the inside of her cheek; she was not going to cry again!

He shifted against her, Millie thinking that he was about to move away but much to her frustration all he did was drop his hands to her hips and he gently squeezed her. "I really think you should listen to what I have to say." 

Millie was close to giving up, all her anger had fled and resignation was spilling in to fill the void. "Why bother? It won't make much difference, you'll still be married and I'll still..."

"Millicent will you please just shut up and listen!" Drew growled exasperatedly. "No wonder Angela fired you. You two are so much alike it isn't funny!" 

"What's that supposed to mean!?" Millie demanded indignantly, glaring up at him with fire in her eyes, her anger peaking again. How dare he compare her to his wife! Millie leant further back trying to put a bit of space between their bodies. She really was having a hard time thinking straight; although she didn't try to push him away. 

"Well for one, you both talk over the top of people who are trying to tell you something! You're both too wrapped up in your own head to hear what anyone else is saying. And you know what? It drives me absolutely mental! Every time it happens the only thing I can think about is shoving something in Angela's mouth to shut her up. And you've just made me feel the same way! Although, what I want to shove in your mouth is slightly different to what I want to shove in hers."

Millie's lip curled back. What had she been thinking about him not being an arsehole? She was currently rethinking that opinion. "Now you're just being vulgar!" Millie said annoyed at his inference.

He chuckled at her. "It only sounds vulgar because you assume such things Millicent." Drew couldn't resist baiting her as he ground his hips against her stomach. His hands trailed higher over her waist, heading towards the underside of her breasts. 

"Well why don't you set me straight and tell me exactly what it is, so I'm not assuming anything." Millie spat his words back at him. She was trying to ignore the maddening tingles shivering over her skin where his hands and body touched her, trying her hardest to ignore the throbbing ache that centred betwixt her thighs, but she was finding it very hard. Her eyes fluttered, betraying the stirring of arousal in her body to Drew, but Millie really wasn't all that aware of it.

"How about I go one better and show you?" Drew growled, finally losing his patience with her. 

Millie's head snapped up as his came down. His mouth was hard, his anger making his kiss a little rougher than intended. His tongue thrust against Millie's mouth, slick, wet and oh God, so hot, so demanding. Millie whimpered against it as he nipped at her bottom lip hard, making her gasp and open up to him. His tongue invaded her mouth uninvited, spearing in to taste and plunder her sweetness as a hand reached up to hold her head still. Millie responded without thought, her mouth sucking and moving against his, her tongue duelling for purchase, their breaths, low moans and whispers of pleasure, against each other's lips.

Millie swooned, nearly losing herself in that kiss as passion rushed through her... until she felt his hand as it squeezed at her breast, shaping and moulding it in his palm. With that hot shock of passionate arousal; came a rush of such guilt that Millie pulled back from him in a panic, pushing at his chest and twisting her head to break the kiss. 

When Drew followed, not willing to give up Millie's mouth fighting to keep their lips locked together, Millie bit his lip – hard. 

Drew's head jerked back and a wordless grunt of pain escaped his throat as he sucked in a breath through his nose. He stared down at Millie and she saw his tongue swipe out and move across the bite mark. She'd broken the skin, the red stain of blood stark against his lips. Drew's eyes narrowed as he stared down at her.

"Okay, so I deserved that." He said, then rushed on, opting to speak first before Millie could get her wind back. "And before you go getting on that high horse again, let's get one thing straightened out before you do some permanent damage hmm? Angela is most definitely not my wife; she never has been and never will be. In fact I have never been married in my life!" 

"But you're a Rasenbach, and she's a Rasenb..." Millie began angrily, not daring to believe him, but her voice trailed off slowly as an inkling of understanding began to dawn.

Drew gave her that crooked smile of his and nodded at her. "Siblings usually share a last name too."

"But..." Millie's face flushed with colour. All the wind went out of her sails as she sagged back against the car. She could have died of embarrassment. Millie had been giving him a hard time and all along he was Angela's damn brother! Why hadn't she even thought of that possibility? She'd been so focused on having such a bad day that commonsense hadn't had a chance to prevail and she'd flown off the handle half cocked. 

It wasn't so hard to put two and two together now that she she'd been told and as she looked up at him, she couldn't help but see the family resemblance. Although his features were totally masculine, Millie could see the same downward tilt to the eyes, the same fullness and shape to the mouth, the cheek bones. God how had she not seen it before now? 

Millie watched as his tongue subconsciously flicked out to probe at the bite mark she'd inflicted on him and felt utterly terrible. Her face darkened even more. She looked away, glancing off down the road, her feeling of guilt making it impossible for her to look at him just then. Getting struck by lightning sounded like a really good idea, right about now. Or maybe the earth could open up and swallow her whole. Anything would have been better than standing there under his scrutiny feeling like that. Millie blinked away the sting of tears she could feel at the corner of her eyes. After the way she'd acted, tears were a luxury that she didn't deserve.

She'd been such an idiot and he'd been right, Millie had assumed way too much. Her mom and dad were always telling her she was too quick to jump to conclusions and that one day it was going to come back to bite her in the ass. Well today – she'd got bitten!

Millie turned back and glanced sideways up at Drew before dropping her eyes to stare at his chest, and the face-smudge she'd left on his shirt. She swallowed, "You're her brother?" Millie asked dumbly, just for something to say. 

"Mmm. Older brother." He supplied softly, watching her.

"I'm sorry." Her voice sounded weak and thready when she spoke. She cleared her throat and tried again. "I'm really sorry about everything. I... was acting like a complete idiot. I'd... I'd understand if you'd had enough of my shit, if you wanted to bail and leave me to fend for myself."

He chuckled which made Millie peek up at his face. He had that smile on his dial once again. "Millicent... does it feel like I want to bail, to you?" 

She gave him a half smile as her attention was redirected to his thick cock currently poking into her stomach. Oh she hadn't forgotten about it, Millie was just trying her hardest not to think about it or the fact that her heart was still thumping, making her blood rush through her young body. Even with everything that had taken place, the sexual attraction she felt for this guy was astonishing – addicting! And it frightened her a little. 

She didn't even know him, but the throb between her legs intensified as her kegel muscles contracted in unspoken response to him. She squeezed her thighs together and swallowed a silent, nervous gulp. Her nipples peaked hard again as she inhaled a shaky breath. She was just about to open her mouth, to give in and let him have his way with her again; when he stepped back from her.

The sudden departure of his body nearly came as a physical shock. Cool air rushed in against her heated skin. Millie felt a moment of alarm as a shudder crept over her body, perhaps he was going to bail on her after all? He gave her an apologetic smile. "Hold that thought." He said to Millie as he reached into his pocket.

"Hello Darcy." He said into his cell as he flipped it open. Millie's body cooled slightly as she watched him take the phone call. He glanced down at his watch. "Yes I can see what time it is. I know. You'll just have to reschedule with Josh. Yes I know, but I'm in the middle of something important. Yes, even more important than Josh. Darcy, anytime will be fine, whatever suits his schedule. I'm sure you'll manage, that's why I hired you. Yes Darcy. It's very important. I'm in the middle of a... rescue." He glanced sideways at Millie and chuckled; there was a long pause. "Good-bye Darcy." Drew farewelled Darcy in a tone that spoke of long suffering tolerance, they were obviously close. He looked at Millie again. "Now where were we? Ah yes... a rescue!" He said with a grin.

He didn't step back in to embrace her as Millie hoped he would. Instead, he took another step back and put a little more distance between their bodies. Millie shivered disappointedly and watched as Drew began scrolling through his phone list. "A-ha." He said when he found the number he was after. He put the phone to his ear.

"Hey Garry, it's Drew. Yeah pal, I'm great and you? How's Beth? Really? That's wonderful to hear! Listen pal I'm calling in a favour. Yeah... I know." Drew chuckled. "No it's nothing that bad. I need you to come pick up a car for me... no it's not mine, but I want you to charge it to me okay?..."

"Drew no..." Millie tried to interject, but he held a shushing finger up at her and half turned.

"Great! Thanks pal I owe you one. Yeah, the car is parked about five miles down the second Milford Springs exit. It's a bright yellow, Ford Laser hatch... you can't miss it." Drew chuckled again. "I told you it wasn't mine!" 

Drew proceeded to give Garry the rest of the pertinent information as Millie listened on, even going so far as to tell him where they would hide the keys for his benefit. He hung up and turned back to Millie.

"You shouldn't have done that!" Was the first thing that popped out of Millie's mouth, as she felt a little embarrassed.

"Why, you're welcome of course." Drew replied.

"I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound ungrateful," Millie said to him. "Because I am grateful for all your help but I could have taken care of it myself... really." 
