 "I can't believe this is happening," Rick sighed, still panting, as he watched Millie tip her head back to slow down the dripping pools of semen and relish them, "I always dreamed of finding a girl who would really love cum, and love to..."

"Have it blasted all over her face?" Millie teased. "Over her lips and up her nose?"

"Oh, Millie."

"But there are plenty of girls like me," Millie said, now starting use her hands to roll up the long drips of semen from her face and suck the liquid off her fingers. "You can find them on the internet."

"Not as pretty as you, Millie."

"Flatterer! They're just as pretty as me."

"How do you know? You've watched facials on your computer?"

"All the time. It's all I think about. Finding someone who'll give me what I want. What you just gave me. Would you like to watch them with me?"

"God, yes!"

"I never thought I'd find someone as good-looking as you - and with the biggest, most beautiful penis. But you probably want to do lots of other things. With your penis, I mean."

He heard something in her voice which gave him courage.

"Millie, can I be honest with you? I'm frightened to tell you this."

"Don't be frightened. I think I know already."

"What we just did..."

"Yes...?"

"It's the thing I daydream about ; all the time -"

"Just like me."

"And, honestly? I don't think I'd ever get tired of it."

"I know I wouldn't."

"Are you sure?"

"Baby, it's all I want. All I dream about. I just never thought I'd find my dream man who lived for it as much as I do."

"Millie, I do live for it! I mean it."

"Oh, baby, I know you do. I can feel you getting hard again,"

"I want to do it all over you again, Millie,"

"Yes," she groaned.

"All over your face."

"I want to hear you say it, over and over."

"I'm going to come on your face."

"Will you stand over me and do it?"

"Yes. I want to come on your face every way we can think of."

"Lying between your legs."

"Yes!"

"Looking up at you while you spurt into the air and it comes down on my face."

"You licking my balls while I masturbate -"

"Yes!"

"Loving to watch me masturbate -"

"Oh yes. Baby! Yes!"

"Until I spurt all over you."

"I'm going to lie on your stomach, while you masturbate in front of my nose -"

"Oh my God -"

"Want to do that now?"

"Yes! Oh God I'm ready."

He lay back, knowing how close he was to cumming again, just from her words. She knew it too, watching his huge hard penis as she lay her soft head on his belly and he began to masturbate right up against her tiny nose.

"I can smell your lovely cum on the way, baby. I'm sniffing the end of your cock, and snuffling up the drops of pre-cum. Can you hear that? Can you feel my nose on you. Picture it, baby, picture little Millie's nose that you love so much!"

There was something so exciting, having twice watched himself burst over her heavenly little face in thick ribbons of cum, to now be able only to imagine how avidly she was watching his cockhead again, waiting with excited, loving nudges of her lips and nose for his third explosion in her face.

And she already knew how much her adorable little voice added to his raging lust, especially when her sweet caressing tones were uttering the most obscene requests -

"No hurry, baby! We've got all night. You can cum on my face as many times as you can. We'll do it all night. We'll never stop doing this. I'm going to take so much of your semen in my mouth that it'll drool out of my little nose -"

"I'm going to cum, Millie!"

"Cum, baby! Cum, darling! I'll take it in my nose every time if that's what turns you on the most. I'll take it in the nostrils -'

"Oh God, baby, I'm cumming!!"

"I'll take it so much of it in the nostrils that you'll see it dripping out of my nose..."

"Take it, Millie. Take it on your face,"

"Yes! Shoot! Spurt!"

"Take it in your nose!"

Carefully, as Millie saw him pull his hand back down the penis that was swelling up, about to explode, she pressed her nose lovingly to the hole at the top of the head, and waited.

Both of them sweating and panting - then crying out in joy over and over as the spurts of cum spat out of his big cockhead, drenching her nose and face as he writhed in ecstasy and again Millie heard herself scream out in ecstatic joy as if hearing someone else scream - the wildest obscenities -

"Fuck, shit, fuck yes, fuck my face, fuck my little fucking face, fuck me..."

...as the first huge gouts of hot spunk rocketed up her nose and down onto her palate, and as the jerking penis began to flood her whole face with semen Millie cried out her joy again -

"Oh God the smell of it, the feel of it - so hot! So thick! More, baby, more..."

And there was more. There was always more, night after glorious night.