 My wife went to visit her mom and dad for an extended weekend, I had to work, so she took the kids. A quiet house for a few days was a nice idea, but no sex for that long was torture for me. Knowing how horny I would be while she was gone, my wife, Sherry, made sure to give me a memorable last night at home. 

After the kids were asleep, Sherry told me to wait in the bedroom while she took a shower. About fifteen minutes later, she came into the bedroom wearing nothing but thigh high stockings and high heels. Sherry is usually more self-conscious about parading around naked so I was definitely anxious for what she had in mind. She told me to get rid of my boxers and lay face down on the bed so she could give me a backrub. 

The feel of Sherry's stockings against my legs as she straddled me was very pleasant and when she sat on my butt I could feel her naked sex against my skin. I was getting very aroused and after Sherry dragged her nails lightly across my back for a few minutes, she leaned forward and let her breasts brush against my back. I have always loved the feel of my wife's naked skin against mine and she was pulling out all the stops. In addition to caressing my back with her boobs, Sherry was gyrating her hips so I could feel her wet pussy slide all around my butt and the back of my thighs. My dick was trying to rip a hole in the mattress as Sherry gave me a true whole body rub. Sherry slid forward to start kissing and nibbling on my neck and ears, or at least I thought. She did kiss my neck and lick at my ear but she decided to give me some dirty talk. Sherry knows how much I like for my proper wife to talk like a dirty tramp in bed, but usually she doesn't do it on her own, so I just listened as the naughty words came from her sexy mouth.

"Is your cock hard for me, baby? I bet it is. I want you to shove that fat cock deep in my cunt. Would you like that?"

All I could do was nod my head, she had me on full-tilt. She was far from over though. "Maybe I should suck on your cock first. I'll lick it and kiss it and get it nice and sloppy wet with my mouth. Then I'll ride it and get you to fill my pussy for me."

I rolled over at Sherry's encouragement and she wasted no time getting her mouth on my dick. "So nice and hard. Mmmm. Did I do this?"

"Yeah, you always make me so hard." I finally could speak.

Sherry continued to kiss all around my cock and she slid down to lick and suck at my shaved balls. With one hand stroking my erection, Sherry continued to run her tongue all over my balls and once I was slick from her saliva, she took her other hand and started rubbing and squeezing my sack. Her mouth, hot and wet, enveloped the head of my cock and she started to run her tongue around and alternately sucked at my cockhead for a few minutes. Sherry kept up the licking, sucking, stroking and squeezing until she started her real magic. Up and down, her head bobbed on my cock and she rushed me toward my orgasm. Knowing she would soon get me to explode, Sherry stopped abruptly and pulled her mouth off of my cock. My wife's signature blowjob trick is to just lick the head while furiously jacking my cock. This quite often results in my come rushing out of me all over her tongue, lips, mouth and hands. Sherry did not disappoint as she gave my cock a superb hand job, but rather than keep her tongue in contact with my dick, she looked me in the eye and said, "Don't you dare come. Not yet."

I told her it's not up to me when she does what that so I told her to stop so we could move on to something else. Sherry climbed her way up my body and started kissing me while grinding herself against my crotch. With very little effort, Sherry was able to get herself lined up with my hardon and she made a quick little move with her hips to trap me inside of her hot pussy. Sherry pushed herself up on her arms and started to rock on my dick. She alternated her rhythm and motion quickly and frequently; she rocked, she slammed, she ground herself against me, she kept riding me. I could feel her juices all over my cock and balls and into my butt crack. Sherry was scratching her nails on my chest as she continued her assault on my dick. 

"Your fat cock is stuffing me. My cunt feels so good. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me." Sherry leaned herself back and as I reached my hands up to squeeze her tits, she let her hands rest on my thighs for support. Now I could watch as she slid her pussy back and forth on me. I could see her clit poke out as the impaling flesh that connected us stretched her lips apart. 

"This is all slick down here." Sherry's hands were rubbing my balls while she rode me. "Did my cunt get you all wet?" I just nodded in response. She kept her hands between my legs as she slid her hot body up and down on my cock. Soon Sherry had her hand between my legs, cupping my balls. With her hand in that position, she took advantage of the juices and started to rub a finger around my asshole. Soon her rocking on my dick was in concert with the gentle invasion of her finger in my butt. Sherry increased her tempo on my dick and slid more of her finger up my ass. It was heaven, she knows I love when she plays with my butt and tonight was no exception.

"Naughty boy! Do you like that? You're so slick down there. Do you like me finger-fucking your butt?"

"Yes, baby. I love it when you play with my butt." I told her.

"Tell me..."

"I love your finger in my butt."

"What else?"

"I love when you put your finger in me."

"What do you like me to do with my finger?" She wanted to hear me say the words. I didn't mind, it was a game and I liked the game. And I really liked what she was doing.

"I like when you fuck my butt. Your finger in my butt feels so good. Please keep fucking my butt!" 

"Poor baby. We know if I don't you'll make a gooey mess in my cunt. I'm not ready for that yet, so I have to stop." With that, Sherry slid her finger out of my ass and slid her cunt off my cock. Since she was in charge tonight, I waited to see what she had in mind next.

Sherry was panting and she leaned forward and started kissing me. I could feel her hot pussy just at the tip of my cock and I couldn't help myself from thrusting up to try and get back inside. 

"No, no, naughty man! I want to come now. And you're going to make me come." Sherry started sliding up my body until she was straddling my head. The stockings against my cheeks reminded me of her sexy outfit, but I couldn't resist getting my mouth on her fantastic pussy. Sherry's pussy is the sweetest I've ever had and I love every chance I get to kiss and lick it. I started placing little kisses around the edge of her pussy, just barely touching her pussy lips with my mouth. In response, Sherry started to grind her pussy gently against my face. I kept up the kissing, alternating between using my lips and sliding my tongue out to tickle the inside of her hot cunt and she kept up the rhythm against my mouth. 

I brought my hands up to help open her lips for my tongue and I slid my tongue along the insides of her pussy, bringing myself closer and closer to her clit. I tapped against it a few times, eliciting grateful moans from my sexy wife. I licked all around her clit, careful not to make contact and then I placed my mouth over it and gently sucked at her magic button. Sherry started to squirm and thrash against my face which was now soaked in her delicious flavor. I let one of my fingers slide inside of her and I slowly made circles just inside the sensitive flesh of her juicy cunt. I kept up a gentle but constant licking, sucking, kissing assault on Sherry's clit while also keeping my finger sliding around her lips. 

I could sense Sherry's increased arousal and so I added a second finger to the opening of her sex. With two fingers sliding around the folds of her hot pussy, Sherry's gasps grew to moans. I let one finger slide deep into Sherry's pussy and I twisted it around to get to her G-spot. That put Sherry right on the edge. I had one last trick up my sleeve to get Sherry to have a super orgasm. I kept my tongue all over her clit, and I had my fingertip pressing and twisting along her spot. I took another finger and slid it back to the slick rim of her tiny backdoor. Sherry didn't try to stop me, she just continued to ride my mouth, so I slid the juices all around her puckered hole and gently started to push the finger into her sweet butt. Sherry let out a yelp as I kept up this triple attack, and I let my fingers work in alternating rhythm in her pussy and in her ass. My sweet wife's orgasm was not far off, so I slowed the pace of my finger in her cunt and started to thrust the finger in her bottom deeper and deeper. Sherry's body stopped briefly and I kept my mouth and fingers busy, then Sherry began to buck and tremble with great intensity as she came. 

"Oh my God!!! Yessssss! Ahh! Yessss!! Ahhh! Oooohhhhhhhh!" Sherry stopped moving completely. "No more. No more. No more. Stop. Please stop!"

I slowly pulled my fingers from her hot holes and Sherry climbed off of me very delicately. Sherry rolled herself onto her belly and raised her butt off the bed. 

"Take that hard cock and bang me! I want you to come now."

I got myself behind her and admired her beautiful ass and the sweet wet pussy that was visible between her legs.

"Don't make me wait. Fuck me!"

I took my cock and slid it through the sweet crack of her ass, pressing gently as I passed her lovely rosebud. I ran my dick up and down, between her cheeks making sure the contact with the opening of her ass was unmistakable.

"Please baby, not tonight. Not my butt."

I relented my attempts at getting inside her tight hole, slid down to her hot pussy and in one motion filled her with my cock.

"Oh, yeah! Fuck my cunt, honey. Fuck me hard!" I did as I was instructed and began to bang her sweet pussy hard and fast. Sherry reached back and spread her ass cheeks apart, knowing how sexy that sight is to me. I looked down at her beautiful ass as my cock speared into her over and over. Sherry put me over the edge when she began sliding one of her fingers into her own asshole. I watched as she slowly fucked her butt with her finger and I could feel her finger inside of her through the thin wall of her pussy. I told Sherry that I was close and I couldn't hold off for long.

"Is it too much for you? Seeing me play with my butt? Are you gonna shoot for me now?"

"Baby, fuck, you are wonderful! I can't hold off any longer. I have to come."

"Come baby, come for me. Shoot that hot come all over my butt! Come on me!"

I was beyond close, so I pulled out and Sherry kept her ass spread for me. I slid my cock against her cheeks and started to spurt. Come shot out onto Sherry's back and on her cheeks and into the sweet valley between her cheeks. 

I rolled over onto my back, exhausted and Sherry stayed on her belly. She looked over at me with a sparkle in her eyes and smiled.

"You're not done yet naughty boy."

"What do you mean?"

"You made a mess on my butt. I want you to clean it up."

I got up and went to go get a towel, before I made two steps away from her, she said, "No, no. Get back here and clean me up. I want you to lick your goo off of me."

I stopped dead in my tracks. Sherry knew I liked to kiss her after she sucked me to orgasm and once after a drunken party, I licked her pussy clean after coming inside of her, but she had never encouraged it.

"Get to it, naughty boy. Clean me up."

I jumped back on the bed and kissed her on both butt cheeks before I started to lick up the "mess" I had left.

"That's a good boy. Clean me up real nice."

I lingered a little while, licking the flesh all around her butt after having cleaned all of my semen from her skin.

"Now give me a kiss baby." I kissed Sherry and she hungrily kissed back. We held each other and kissed before falling to sleep, exhausted and fulfilled.

The next day Sherry and the kids left for her folks' house. Sherry left me very happy and satisfied, but I knew five days was going to drag on without any sex. I looked forward to her return with anticipation, and a hardon.