 "Well," you say, gently tugging on the sleeve of Stacy's top. "It looks like we're both feeling floral today, so how about the gardens? I hear they opened a new area this year, and I've been meaning to check it out."

"Perfect!" Stacy gushes. "Oh, I love the gardens. Let's get going!"

You smile silently as she dances on ahead of you towards the carpark, feeling satisfied with your choice. Stacy is unbelievably good to you, so you're glad to be able to give a little something back. Still, you make a note to get her something more substantial - once you're back in your own apartment with access to your bank account.

The botanical gardens are drenched in sunlight and heavy with perfume. Crickets chirp loudly, apparently tricked into thinking it's already summer.

"Horny little bastards," Stacy chuckles.

"Wha-?"

"The crickets. It's a mating thing. I learned that in high school and ever since, I can't hear crickets without thinking about it."

"You mean they're all just yelling at each other, trying to get laid all the time?" You're a little disbelieving, but Stacy seems serious.

"Uh-huh. We could stand to learn from them sometimes. The world might be a better place if people could be a little more open about things like that."

A sharp lance of guilt pierces you, but you brush it aside. Surely she wasn't talking about you, right?

The gardens are a soothing experience every time you visit, and today is no exception. Stacy takes you by the hand and together you stroll through the trellised pathways, stopping to smell roses and admire art installations. The entire riverside complex is infused with the heady, sweet scents of pollen and perfume, creating an idyllic, dreamlike experience as you saunter along. Despite the heat, you wish this afternoon would never end. You feel cute, for the first time in a while, in your yellow sundress. You feel needed, and you are immensely, deeply grateful to Stacy. Not only did she help you out of a tight spot, but she's been nothing but giving and generous and lovely today. You lace your fingers through hers a little more tightly and give a quick squeeze.

She glances over at you and smiles. "Having fun?"

"You have no idea," you say. You didn't even realise it, but time is rushing by. You've spent at least three hours wandering the botanical gardens hand in hand, and the sun has dipped well past its zenith. The two of you are standing on a terrace overlooking the river, which scrolls lazily by in soft green eddies. The sun filters softly through the trees, the pounding heat of noon replaced by a gentle evening warmth.

"Mindy," she says at length, turning away from the river to look you in the eye. "We need to talk."

Uh oh.

Stacy pauses for a moment, perhaps waiting for you to reply, but you say nothing. She sighs lightly. "I understand that everybody has some secrets, and I have to respect that. But sometimes those secrets eat you up inside, and you're only doing yourself a disservice by keeping them to yourself."

"Stacy..."

She holds up a hand. "I'm not finished. I like to think we're pretty close, Mindy. You slept in my bed last night, for God's sake. It's not as if we're strangers. If there's something bothering you . . . I want to help."

"I'm going to ask you one simple question, Mindy, and I think I already know the answer. What are you hiding from me?"

Your mind whirls. How did she figure it out? Did she even figure it out? She's looking right into your soul with those dark eyes of hers - oh fuck, she's beautiful. She could be mistaken, she could be talking about something else. But no, you've blown it. Somehow she's figured out your secret, you're sure of it.

Your mouth is dry and your heart pounds as you try to speak. "I... I, um." You clear your throat and make to speak again, but you're paralysed by indecision. What do you say? What can you say?

"I don't know what you're talking about." "I'm so sorry, Stacy. How did you figure it out?"

[[If she lies to her and she finds out later it would destroy her trust in Mindy but on the other hand if she tells the truth Stacy might not want to be her friend anymore. If that's even the secret that she's talking about! No. You know what? If Stacy is really her friend then she can handle knowing that Mindy is a futa. Plus it's 2017! Futas are cool now! Right? 🙃]]

"I'm so sorry, Stacy," you say, eyes downcast as you feel your cheeks burn with shame. "How did you figure it out?"

"So I was right, huh?" Stacy sounds almost surprised. "You really have a- you know... down there?" She gestures toward your crotch, suddenly deciding to be shy with her words.

"I... yes. I'm sorry I kept it from you, I just...didn't want to freak you out or anything." Not that it was any of your business either, you add silently. You feel more than a little outed right now. "How did you even...?"

"Well, a few things made me wonder. You see, when I went to have a shower last night, I found something on the wall-"

Mortified, you clap a hand over your mouth and groan, "Oh my fucking God, you *didn't!* Stacy, I'm so sorry, I thought I'd cleaned up after I... after I, uh..." After I jerked off my giant futa cock in your bathroom. God, I'm a terrible friend.

"Don't worry, babe." Stacy squeezes the hand that she's still holding. "We all have needs. Anyway, that made me wonder. And I'm sorry, but I had to tease you a bit today with the Subway, and the lingerie shop, and the crickets. Just to see if you'd react. And girl, did you ever."

You hang your head, feeling your ears burn with embarrassment. Strangely, the dread you felt seems to be fading slightly. "Wait, so you don't hate me for it?"

Stacy pulls you in and gives you a friendly kiss on the cheek. "Of course not, Mindy! I could never hate you for something you can't control."

You feel a great weight lifted from your shoulders. "Thank God," you say aloud. "You don't know how crazy it's been, trying to hide it from you since last night. At work is one thing, but it doesn't exactly fit in those pajamas. Holy shit I'll stop talking sorry!" You notice Stacy's face growing redder to match your own, and quickly clam up.

"N-no, it's okay," she says, looking a little distracted suddenly. "I said friends shouldn't keep secrets from each other, didn't I?"

"Um."

"Didn't I?" she repeats insistently. She's looking at you with almost pleading eyes now, begging you wordlessly to agree with her. For whose benefit?

"Sure..." you say, uncertain where this is going.

There's a strange look in Stacy's eyes. "That's right," she says, her cheeks flushing bright pink. "Friends shouldn't keep secrets from each other. So... so, uh. Um, Mindy!"

"Yes?!" you yelp as she seizes both your hands in hers.

"I want- I want to see it," she says firmly, gazing at you with serious, almost sparkling eyes. God, she's gorgeous. You could just look into those eyes for centu- wait, hold on. Did she just say-?

"You what?" Your voice comes out as a strangled squeak.

"Let me see it!" she repeats.

You search her eyes for a moment, seeing only burning curiosity. There's no malice in her; Stacy doesn't have the capacity, you realise.

What do you say?

"Okay." "Okay, but we should go back to your place first." "No way." Say nothing, just whip it out right here. Other?

[[Right here? In public? 0///0 How scandalous! But it does have an undeniable appeal to Mindy... It'll be just like in her favorite doujinshi Mindy pulls Stacy into a little alcove so they're not totally out in the open. It's time to drop them drawers!]]

Emboldened by Stacy's forwardness, you nod firmly. "Okay," you say, your voice shaking a little. An idea strikes you, a wild, totally crazy idea born from many lonely nights reading porn. "Come with me."

Pulling Stacy along by the hand, you quickly scan the area. There's plenty of little nooks and crannies here in the organically-designed garden, tucked away between the flowerbeds and stands of trees. You select one down towards the river, leading Stacy behind a pagoda and down a shallow bank to somewhere you're sure you won't be interrupted. The gardens are still full of tourists and local visitors, but this area is usually quiet. You hear people nearby, but you're well out of sight. Still, your hands are shaking as you take a deep breath, releasing Stacy's hand and gripping the hem of your sundress so tightly your knuckles turn white.

"Uh, Mindy." Stacy sounds uncertain now, though there's still a touch of that fire in her eyes. "I didn't mean-"

"I - I think it's now or never," you manage to say. Before she can react, you squeeze your eyes shut and pull the front of your dress up, clear past your waist, exposing your cock-stuffed panties for the world to see.

No, not the world. Just Stacy. But right now, she is your world. Only the two of you exist right now, a massively hung futa and her busty friend tucked away in a secret corner, doing something that would likely get you arrested.

Seconds pass with no sound, no reaction from Stacy. You feel the evening breeze whistle naughtily between your thighs, tickling you in places where it would normally never reach. You shiver, and start to crack one eye open to see what Stacy is doing, when-

"Yah!" You yelp involuntarily as something brushes the front of your bulging crotch, causing your eyes to fly wide open.

Stacy jerks back, startled. She's on her knees in front of you, fascination scribed all over her perfect face as she intently scrutinises your bulging package. "I'm sorry!" she whispers, looking around furtively to make sure nobody noticed your exclamation. One hand is still stretched out towards you, though she doesn't seem to realise it. "I didn't mean to touch you!"

"Y-you touched me?" You gulp, your mouth suddenly very dry and your heart thudding heavily in your chest. Those fingers, the perfectly curved and manicured digits suspended in the air before you, had just touched your most sensitive spot. You take a deep, heaving breath as you realise they are the same fingers that Stacy buried in her own soaking pussy last night. Blood surges to your cock at the thought, and it tries to push its way out of its special cage.

"I'm sorry! I said I just wanted to look, but ... I mean, before I could stop myself I-"

"No, it's fine," you croak. "I don't mind. You just surprised me, is all."

"I can...?" she asks, leaving the question unfinished.

You just nod, grateful to not have to speak.

Stacy reaches out again, with both hands this time. She's slow, tentative, almost disbelieving. You realise how guilty it must make her feel to do something like this while her fiance is away, but all thoughts of propriety fly out of your head as both her hands land on your crotch. She reaches one hand between your legs, brushing against your thighs, to where your oversized balls hang low. She cups them gently, eliciting a deep, throaty groan from you as the sensation pierces you to the core. The other hand caresses the outline of your semi-hard member.

"Jesus, Mindy," she breathes, her eyes glassy as she draws her face closer, just inches from your cock. "How fucking big is this cock?"

It takes you a moment to concentrate enough to answer. "You know how you said a footlong wasn't enough for you?"

Her eyes go as wide as saucers. "I was exaggerating," she whispers. She closes her eyes and draws even closer, inhaling deeply through her nose. "Oh my God, Mindy, this is amazing."

You watch - and tremble - in amazement as your best friend worships your cock through your panties. Her warm hands are like fire as they trace the outline of your bulge, coaxing more life into it with every passing second. Her fingertips brush against the skin of your thighs and stomach as she leans into you, the world forgotten but for the two of you.

"Mindy," she says, her voice a little strange. "Can... can I see it now? Can i take these off?" She hooks her fingers into the waistband of your panties, tugging them downwards.

Your cock is straining painfully against the material by now, so you nod hurriedly. "If you don't, they're gonna rip."

Stacy gulps. "I'd like to see that."

You smile awkwardly. "Maybe another time. Hurry!" Before you realise it, you're pleading with her. This is so wrong, but it feels right. You haven't been touched down there for so long, and never with such tenderness and awe. You feel your head going cloudy as Stacy starts to pull your panties down. Whimpering, you struggle to hold the front of your sundress up.

Stacy inches the extra-roomy blue panties down your legs at a glacial speed, letting you feel in intimate detail each brush and scrape of the lace as it travels down. Your cock is pulled down with them, travelling along with its massive tent. Even before it's fully revealed, Stacy's curious expression is replaced by pure amazement. She has your panties almost to your knees by the time it springs forth, bobbing back up to its favourite position, a few degrees above ninety.

If you weren't completely hard before, you are now. Freed from its prison and faced with a beauty like Stacy, the beast has fully awoken. At its full length of a little over fifteen inches, she needs to sit back on her heels to take in the sight. You eye her cute, pouty lips with their sensual red lipstick, her jaw slack. You want nothing more right now than to slide your engorged, throbbing cock right down her throat, but you settle for moaning gently and shifting from foot to foot, causing your cock to bob even more.

"Mindy." Her voice is unsteady. "Mindy, Mindy, Mindy, I... oh, fuck. Holy fuck, I can't even handle how big that is. Oh Jesus, it's beautiful." She reaches out again, touching the underside of your cockhead with two perfect fingers and tracing a line down towards the base, sliding across the pulsing veins as she does.

"Ahhh!" You can't resist a cry. "Oh God, Stacy." Your breath is coming in sobbing gasps now, the tentative teasing threatening to turn you into a puddle. "Stacy, don't stop!" you find yourself begging, clenching the fabric of your new dress in shaking hands.

"Are you... close?" she asks, her voice husky and filled with unmistakable desire.

"You have no idea," you say. You're holding yourself back, but now she's tormenting you in earnest. She leans forward again, putting her face on a level with the peeled head of your cock. She stares at it levelly as she reaches both hands up once again. Gently cupping your balls with her left hand, she rolls and distends them, causing your stomach to jerk involuntarily. Your cock bounces as well, but she seizes it with her right hand and, unbidden, begins to stroke. You can feel her soft, lascivious breath tickling your exposed glans as she pants lightly, mouth half-open.

"It's so fucking big," she murmurs. "I've never seen one this big. I thought Darren's was big, but this is another level." She puts both hands to work sliding up and down your cock now. Even without any lubrication it feels amazing, your veiny skin being pulled back and forth by her gentle, soft hands.

"Darren..." you start to say, pierced once more by guilt.

"Shh," she says vaguely. "It's not cheating if we're just sharing secrets. Girl secrets. Come on." She coaxes you gently, licking her lips to moisten them as she draws nearer. Now she's mere millimetres from the head of your cock, which throbs in time with your heartbeat.

Glistening dribbles of precum start to ooze from the tip as your breathing grows harsher. Stacy is still being gentle with your cock, but she has a firm grip on it now and is starting to grow more confident. When she sees the drops of slick fluid, her tongue darts out as if by reflex, rolling over the head of your dick and cleaning them off. "Oh, God, you taste so good," she groans as your eyes widen.

This can't be real, you think, eyes rolling back to the heavens as Stacy starts to bob her lips up and down on the end of your cock. You can feel veritable ropes of precum forming now, oozing and dripping into her throat as she wholeheartedly drinks them down. "Stacy!" Her name is all you can think of now.

"Shh," she says, pausing her ministrations for a moment to look up at you. In those few moments, more precum drips from the end of your cock, causing a sticky rope to dive towards the ground. Stacy quickly scoops it up with one hand, licking the length of her palm with that soft pink tongue of hers before diving back into her rhythm. She's not slurping or slobbering; it's a very ladylike blowjob. In fact, it's almost more like she's using your cock as a straw. From the blissful look on her face, you'd think it was the nectar of the gods she was drinking.

Well, if she really wants something to drink... "Gonna, gonna cum," you manage to pant. "Been driving me wild... all day. Now I have to b-blow!"

Stacy looks up at you and nods firmly, your cock bobbing in her mouth as she does so. Give it to me, her eyes say, but you're not sure that's a good idea. As your orgasm builds rapidly towards an inevitable climax, you think back on all the time you spend cleaning up after masturbating, on that one time when you measured your output and it was easily over a cup of thick, stinking semen. Do you want to see Stacy choking on that?

Fuck yeah, you do. But you're not sure Stacy can handle it. She seems eager, but she doesn't know just what your fifteen-inch monster cock is capable of. As you start to see stars behind your eyes and your vision becomes fuzzy, you let out one final, shuddering moan and cum:

In her mouth? Her face? Somewhere else?

[[Over a cup? More like over a quart! ;D

Destination? Her mouth :O After all swallowing is the lady like thing to do but maybe some ends up on her face too because let's be honest who can chug that much splooge :P]]

Fuck it. If you pull out, it'll go everywhere. You still have to walk back to the car after this. Letting your dress fall, draped over the base of your cock, you reach down and grasp Stacy's head with both your hands, twining your fingers into her dark brunette hair. She gives you a thumbs up then resumes stroking your cock, but there's absolutely no need. You're already gone.

Your balls tighten, your cock jumps and your head spins as your hips jerk forward. You resist the urge to drive deeper down her throat as you clench all the muscles in your core, jetting your first blast of cum right down Stacy's throat.

She gulps loudly, eyes widening at the pressure forced into her mouth, but stays gamely attached to your cock. You're only just getting started, though. "Take it all!" you moan, lust overtaking reason as you hold her head in place, pumping rope after rope of thick, sticky cum into her mouth. Your cock is like a firehose with the pump turned all the way up, filling her mouth with torrents of semen faster than she can swallow it.

Rivulets of cum start to dribble out of her mouth, but your hands keep her head firmly in place as she drinks the sticky white fluid like a woman dying of thirst. The feeling is overwhelming. You've never had anybody take this much before, but you can tell even Stacy is approaching her limit. As tears form in her eyes, you let her head go and she pops up off your cock with a choking gasp, more cock juice drooling from her full, red lips. Your cock keeps firing, though, blasting more cum wildly as it bounces free. It splashes across her face and hair, glazing her in a layer of hot, dripping semen as she coughs and splutters. "Holy fuck!" she manages to spit out before another helping of cum fires across her mouth, some going inside and some landing on her nose and forehead.

For your part, all you can do is ride the high of the best orgasm of your life as it finally winds down. The feeling of cum travelling down your urethra is an absurdly sexy one somehow, and it's only now that you have enough of your wits about you to appreciate it. You can feel the the thick, viscous liquid being pumped up from your balls and along the entire length of your spasming futa cock until it finally pours out of the engorged, shiny head onto Stacy's face. You let out a long, satisfied sigh as your cock finally droops, dripping the last few drops of cum onto the grass between you.
