 Mary drifted her finger across the top of the wine glass as she sat at the bar. She had to admit she was pretty nervous that this would all work out they way she wanted to. She had been and town visiting family and had decided to give Dean a call and meet him for a drink, or at least that's what she told him. 

They both had been happily married for ten years to their significant others, but Mary new Dean had been infatuated with her since about the fourth grade, the truth was that their friendship was built on it, true they were there for each other when they needed a friend to call or a good laugh, but that all came after his desire for her, and she loved it. Who wouldn't want an attractive guy like Dean drooling over them? He was the epitome of an athletic body, playing sports although high school he was always in pretty good shape but she loved his muscular arms the most, his shirts always seemed to cling to his biceps and just draw attention to the masculinity of him. She secretly wished for years he would just grab her with those sexy arms once. Mary wanted nothing more than to get a good feel of that sexy ass of his and always wondered what kind of equipment he was working with, but she just loved the attention he gave her way too much to risk losing it. 

That is what made it so hard when she had met his wife. Sure she had had plenty of boyfriends she had flaunted at him to make him jealous, although she would never tell him the dirty details as not to ruin his pristine image of her, but although he had a few girls he was with here and there none of them seemed to last very long and after high school she hadn't met any of them, till his wife. Truth be told she gave the woman the dirtiest "this is mine" look she could muster, but it couldn't hold much wait since she had been with her boyfriend for about four years at the time. So eventually Mary adjusted and figured it was better to play the sweet friend, trying to act like the look had never happened. Dean's wife knew though and couldn't stand to be around her, which was all the better as far as Mary was concerned. 

Tonight though she wanted to get his attention back, and she was wearing the dress to do it. It was a short black cocktail dress that only came to about mid thigh and was designed to show the left side of her sexy stomach and back where the fabric gave way to the middle of the dress and then came back together just below her abdomen. The front of the dress had a nice V-neck to show her cleavage to any who wished to sneak a peak, she was sure it would be too tempting to Dean. 

When Mary was younger she was a lot more conservative, an athlete herself she was very focused on achieving a scholarship for Field Hockey and keeping her grades where they needed to be. She loved the attention of the boys, but most of the time dressed in the conservative preppy way. She would even go so far as to wear jeans and a sweatshirt when her and Dean used to go out together on their friendly excursions to the pizza shop or the like. College really broadened her horizons, especially sexually, it was no secret how risqué some of the field hockey girls could be and they were bound to impact her somehow. The truth was it was very freeing to let her sexuality out when it finally happened, and it became even more fun when she started to use it by flirting with Dean. She loved it when he told her how beautiful she was or when she teased him by asking about what a guy meant when she had a nice bubble butt. Oh she just loved to tease him! The problem was that the teasing wasn't working anymore despite the fact she was happily married she felt like there was something unresolved with them and she fully intended to have all is attention tonight. When she was done with him he wouldn't even remember that little wife of his.

"Hey there! I almost didn't recognize you...Wow!" Dean said as he came up to the stool next her. Mary swiveled in her stool and sexily uncrossed her legs as she moved to get up and meet him giving him the biggest sexiest smile she could muster before moving in to give him a hug that intentionally lasted a little longer than it normally did.

"So you like what you see huh?" Mary teased

"What guy wouldn't I think you could turn NPH strait in that dress, damn, to what do I owe the benefit of seeing you, so..."

"Sexy?" Mary finished

"Exactly" Dean replied

"Well sometimes a girl just likes to feel a little sexy, you know its always nice to get a little attention." Mary grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him behind her as she finished.

"Follow me lets find a table, I always find it so hard to talk at the bar"

The two of them made their way to a table Dean was staring at Mary's legs and her nice ass all the way. She was a very fit girl but always still womanly. He always loved her bubble butt, it just beckoned to be grabbed and smacked, she wasn't heavy just had a nice well toned ass that he could just adore, not like all those stick figure girls everyone seemed to pretend were attractive. He would break one of them in half, he always wanted a girl who could handle what he wanted to give them, and when it came to Mary that was a lot. 

As they sat down at a small table at the far end of the bar Dean was glad to see he could still get a peak at Mary's sexy legs, but when you looked at Mary his cock started to stir in his pants. His absolute favorite thing about her had always been her lips, she had this plump luscious bottom lip that just beckoned him, her lips we just made for kissing, and better yet to have around his cock. A tremor went through him at the thought. Dean really hadn't thought of Mary like this in awhile, it was like his libido was running wild. He had always wanted her and just talking to her always seemed to turn him on, but the unbridled lust that seemed to be building up in him was more then he thought he was going to be able to manage. "How's this okay?" she said as a waitress came and they ordered some more drinks. As Mary watched Dean tremor with desire she new her plan was starting to work already and she hadn't even gotten started. Dean was stubborn though and to get him to do what she wanted she was going to have to take him on the brink of insanity. The real reason they had never been together before was Dean was just too good of a guy, always there for her when she needed him but never willing to cross the line when they came to it, either because she had a boyfriend or had dated one of his friends there was always some line he wouldn't cross. Now they both were behind the ultimate line marriage, it was like all the build up was to this moment and she had to conquer it to have him. As she looked at him she new why she wanted him. Dean's brown hair was in a short buzz cut, his brown eyes just seemed to suck her in. When she pulled herself away her eyes followed his sexy neck down to the tight v-neck shirt he wore. Dean was still fit and she loved it, his pecs just beckoned to be touched and those arms, she actually had to readjust herself in her seat as she looked at them. Mary just couldn't wait to get a look at that firm ass of his in those tight jeans, although she always wondered what it would look in leather, yeah, leather would be good. Well maybe once she turned him into a bad boy tonight she would get her wish.

Mary slowly rang her tongue over her lips very casually but she new it drove him nuts, always did. She leaned forward as they enjoyed their drinks and continued with small talk. Mary made sure to steer the conversation clear of their significant others which wasn't hard because Dean had made that a practice of keeping Mary out of the conversation with his wife and turnabout as they say is fair play. Mary always loved to talk about their past when they were together, maybe because it turned her on how much he always wanted her, but now she wanted to plant some seeds for later.

"You know we were way too good in high school"

"What do you mean?"

"Well while you and I were out getting slices of pizza and studying, everyone else was doing other stuff, its like we were so oblivious you know?"

"What do you mean like drugs?"

"No silly!" Mary said as she reached across and patted his hand, and then left it there "like sexual stuff. You know after hearing everyone's stories in college and stuff it's like we were so naïve. All of the girls on the field hockey team had blown more guys then I had dated in high school" Dean put his hand on top of Mary's without thinking about it and then laughed at what she had just said.

"Yeah I guess your right, but in my case it wasn't by choice"

"You don't think so, I mean really if any other two people spent as much time together they would have been fucking like rabbits, hell a lot of people probably did, remember that time I got mono and no one would go near you!" she giggled as she said it. "Oh yeah I never wanted mono any more in my life!" he laughed back Mary loved this he was totally playing into her finger tips, she knew he wanted this, he always had wanted this and it was her job to give it to him. 

Just then the juke box kicked on and Mary took her cue, she stood up grabbed Dean by the hand again and drug him to the dance floor. Dean however was hard as a rock from their previous conversation and was a little hesitant.

"What are you doing?" he asked

"I love this song come on lets dance!" this made Dean laugh. The two of them had never danced before, not even at each others weddings due to the whole jealousy thing. Dean had dreamed of it for years but had always been turned down when he asked her to the dance. Now she was asking him for it, it was way out of place.

"Oh Dean come on, relax, I'm so much better about this stuff now, like I said we were way too innocent when we were younger, its just a dance, and I definitely owe you one at this point."

Dean couldn't agree more and tried his best to his raging hard on as hey made it to the dance floor. The music was fast as they started dance separately from each other but then Mary moved forward and put her hands around the back of his neck and leaned off of him swaying to the beat. As they got more into it they started to dance closer and closer. Mary worked herself around so she was rubbing her back against him and started to work her ass into his crotch. As she worked with the music she could feel the bulge growing in his pants, she worked harder and harder to tease him reaching up and grabbing his neck as she looked at him and gave him a sexy smile. He rocked to the beat with her grinding into her. 

Dean could feel himself grow even harder as he ground into her his lust starting to take over. His cock was pushing right in between her ass cheeks making all his dirty fantasies about being with her come to light. Just when he felt like he might lose it the song switched pace to something slower, Dean thought they were going to stop, but Mary turned around and pulled him close. He could smell her long brown hair and it made his nerves stand on end, she was wearing the same perfume that she had all through high school the one that drove him crazy with her sent. Just when he was at his ultimate high she leaned up and kissed him with those beautiful lips of hers. It stated of gradual their lips playing tenderly with each other, then Dean sucked one of those beautiful lips into his mouth like he always wanted. He tasted Mary's sweet tongue as he kissed her. The kiss got gradually and gradually hotter and Dean found himself grabbing her beautiful ass and pulling her against his hard cock grinding into her.

Mary slowly lead him off the dance floor and against the back wall as they continued to make out grinding into each other. This gave Dean just enough time to come to his senses a little.

"Mary, oh my god you are beautiful, but... but I can't do this my wife, your married, Its wrong...." He was still grinding into her as he said it. Mary continued to kiss him passionately and in between breaths continued her final seduction "No its not... you are mine." She smiled sexily as she said it and ran her tongue across her lips as she reached down and grabbed his cock through is pants " this is mine.... And it has been mine since the fourth grade. You can't cheat with me..... You can only claim what's yours... and tonight your going to fuck me with this big fucking cock" she said as she stroked it "and your going to make me yours!" 

Dean couldn't fight it anymore he just wanted it too much, he had wanted it too much for too long, he had to have her, he had to claim her.

"Where?" he said

"Follow me...."

"With pleasure."

The two made their way out of the bar and got into Marys red convertible, Dean started to get into the passengers seat, but Mary stopped him.

"No you drive. Remember that park you used to send me to when I wanted to go on a hot date?"

"Yes" Dean said

"This is our hot date, and try not to crash on our way there." She said as they got in the car.

As Dean started up the car and stated heading toward the park he looked over at Mary who was making her way toward him for some reason. "Why would I crash?" He said. "Because one of your biggest fantasies is about to come true!" Mary replied as she unzipped his fly and pulled out his hard cock. 

"Oh my god" Dean replied.

"Oh my god is right, your cock is huge, why have you been holding out on me? I don't know if I could fit this thing in my mouth" she said slapping the hard cock on her lips and cheeks as she talked. "How bad to you want this Dean?" Mary said as she kissed the tip "How bad to you want me to put your cock in my mouth? Have you thought of this moment, fantasized about me giving you road head while you drove me around?"

"Forever, I want this more than anything!"

"I hope not" she said. "I hope you want to fuck me even more!" With that she took him in her mouth and stated to give him the best blowjob of his life. She stroked the shaft with her left hand as she reached into his pants and cradled his balls with her right. She pulled them into her mouth and licked and sucked on them before licking her way back up his shaft and taking the head into her mouth again.

"Come for me Dean, Come in My mouth!" she said as she started to go up and down on his cock.

Dean was doing his best to keep from crashing the car. He was racing to the park as fast as he could luckily it wasn't a long drive, Mary was driving him crazy and he wasn't sure he could maintain control of the car much longer. He couldn't belive the girl of his dreams was sucking his cock with those beautiful lips he had spent so many nights thinking about. As Dean pulled into the lot that lead to the park he quickly found a good spot that was out of view and put the car in park. Finally out of danger he just let Mary go to work on his dick.

"Come for me Dean, you know you've dreamt of this moment give me your load fuck my face like a little slut!"

"Oh shit Mary," Dean said. "You want to taste my cum in that sexy little mouth of yours?" as he said this he put his hand on the back of her head, he didn't want to be force full but he finally lost control and started fucking her pretty face like a rabid beast. Mary started fondling his balls and he lost it and shot is load into her mouth. He let go of her head thinking she would want to stop but she kept on lapping it up. His wife never did that. Then she did something he never expected she leaded over and kissed him with his cum still in her mouth. They made out with his cum in their mouths passing it back and forth until she swallowed it all down her throat.

"Was that everything you hoped and dreamed? Mary said smiling at him

"Wow that was amazing my wife never would have let me go in her mouth"

"I see you liked the kiss to? Mary said in a sultry tone as she looked down at his stiffening cock.

"Yeah that was hot I never would have thought of doing that but with you... fuck your hot!"

"I love it when you talk like that, now let me show you what I can really do for you, I need to get that monster in me!" she said getting out of the car.

"Pop the trunk!: she followed as she walked around to her trunk and pulled out the blanket, wine, and wine glasses she had brought for just this occasion.

"So you planned this??" Dean said

"Well you were never going to do it and when I want something I take it!" she said grabbing his shirt and giving him another kiss.

"Mary you drive me crazy, and I love it!" he grabbed her ass under her skirt and pulled her to him. He realized she was wearing a thong and lingered a little longer than he planned to, The two of them made their through the heavily walked trail till the found the side trail Mary had referred to, it lead them to a small pond with benches around it which was absolutely secluded this time of night. They set up the blanket and opened the wine. "To two old friends and new lovers and having what we've always wanted" Mary said "To having the sexiest girl in the world" Dean said kissing her before he took a sip of wine. 

"So outside of tonight do you still think of me like you used to? Mary said as she drank some more wine

"What do you mean?" Dean said

"Well do you think of me sexually? When was the last time you thought about how much you want me?"

"Honestly?"

"Yes Honestly"

"Last night."

Mary crawled on top of Dean's lap and straddled him when she looked down at him with her sexy green eyes and said "What were you doing when you thought of me?" 

"I was..." Dean gulped "Having sex with my wife."

"You were thinking of fucking me while you were fucking her?" Mary began to grind against his cock when he said it.

"Yes I was"

"Oh that's hot, was it the first time?" "No, its happened plenty of times and after tonight it will probably happen again!" "No it won't!" Mary said

"It won't?" Dean said concerned worried he had offended her by admitting his obsession.

"No it won't, you want be thinking about fucking me or imagining what its like to have that hard cock in my tight little pussy, your will be remembering it!" she said with a wicked little smile.

"Oh you're bad!" Dean said putting their wine glassed down and turning them so that her was on top as he started to kiss her.

"Oh yes, but you love it when I'm bad!" 

"Yes I do and I'm about to show you how much!" Dean said as he kissed his way down her body. He worked up and down each of her beautiful legs kissing them till he got under her dress then reached up and pulled her thong off.

"Smell it." Mary said "Smell my juices; I know you've always wanted to!" Mary had her wicked sultry smile on again. She loved how into her he was; no man she had ever been with had wanted her as much, every aspect of her down to her pussy soaked panties. 

Dean listened holding her light blue thong up against his face and smelling her pussy juice, it turned him on to know end. Smelling her was hot enough but doing something this dirty because she asked it turned him on even more. He knew he had to have her he had to taste her. He worked his way down on her tenderly at first. She was completely shaven except for a diamond patch above. He kissed her beautiful skin and made his way down to her clit softly caressing it and running is fingers against her pussy. He started off gently and slowly worked his way into her pussy while he rubbed her clit with his thumb taking turns working her pussy. 

Mary let out a guttural purr as he worked on her. She hadn't had a man go down on her in years. It was one of those things not a lot of men did right if they did at all and it even took her awhile to let one do it, for the first time Dean had taken the intuitive and she loved it.

"Oh shit" she said "Oh shit right there... yes!" Dean continued to work her harder following the instructions she gave him as he brought her closer to closer to pleasure.
