 Readers: there may be some of you who notice this isn't the original version. I changed the characters a bit and cleaned up my writing a little, but I assure you, the story is in its heart the same. All the series with formerly Jason and Marea (now Mark and Lily) will also change to fit it. I just was dissatisfied with my writing style (author's constant process of trying to improve self). I also felt my characters needed to have a slightly different look and feel to them behaviour so I've changed them up a teeny bit. Please enjoy. It's still the same couple; you'll see. 

*

"Fuck this, fuck this, fuck this, fuck this, fuck this!" Lily repeated her mantra as she stared at her bright, flickering computer screen. "Don't you fucking crash on me now, you piece of shit!"

"What's up, hon?"

Lily jumped in her seat and turned around in her chair to look over her shoulder. She smiled as Mark yawned with a mug of warm milk in one hand and scratched his bedhead with the other. His faded sleep shirt was tight against his torso, contrasting with his baggy light blue boxers that were a few sizes too big for him. She grinned at his sleepy expression, and noted how good he looked, even at three in the morning. 

"Sorry, love. Did I wake you?" Lily looked at him apologetically as he shrugged and shuffled across the carpet to pull up a chair beside her. Setting the mug down, he blinked at the bright screen and yawned again.

"No, I wasn't sleeping well. Feels weird when you're not in bed, too," he smiled sleepily at her and reached out to pet her cheek. "Are you almost done?"

"Yes. I just need to print this fucking stupid thing so I can paste in my diagrams and all that," she groaned and tugged at her messy curls. "It's due in two days and I need to edit it and crap."

"Easy, then, just take care of it tomorrow," Mark shrugged and looked at the screen, again, trying to figure out the abbreviations and mysterious symbols. 

"That's not my problem. My problem is it's fucking frozen, and I need to save it!" Lily's voice rose in pitch as she began to panic and frantically hit the magic trio of buttons on the keyboard.

"Easy, easy, hang on, let me see..." Mark grabbed her hands and set them in her lap. "Calm down. If you spazz at the computer it will spazz at you."

Lily rolled her eyes but let him handle the keyboard and mouse. She stretched and looked at the clock again, mentally chastising herself for procrastinating. It was an abnormally hot night, and she grumbled knowing that tomorrow would be worse. She hated taking summer courses, but at least she could relax a little soon. Once this final lab was in, all she had to do was study for her exams. She prayed quietly that Mark could make her computer behave.

"And there you go. All saved, and all safe. Now will you come to bed?" Mark leaned over her to grab the mouse and Lily squealed happily, hugging him as best she could in his awkward position. "Easy, hon, watch the mug!"

Mark sat up quickly and moved the teetering cup to the bookshelf beside Lily's cluttered desk. He turned back to look at her and blinked the last bit of sleep out of his eyes as he watched her double-check the file path and begin to save her research sources. He propped his chin in his hand lazily as he let his eyes wander over her, taking her in from the tips of her painted toenails to her auburn curly hair. Her normally pale skin glowed with a slight tan, and as she drew one leg up underneath her to sit on it, the flimsy fabric of her thin, white nightgown rode up her thighs. He idly noted he had bought it for her because he liked the look of it, and realized it was the first time she had worn it. The thin straps and small triangles of fabric that made up the top barely held her ample breasts in, and the gown cinched just below them. The nightie was soft and followed the form of her body, showing every curve she had. Mark smiled at her lazily, content to watch her work for a little while. 

"I like that nightgown on you," Mark purred. "You look sexy in it."

Lily turned to look at him, one eyebrow arching high. "It's too hot to wear anything else..." she paused and self consciously looked down, hugging an arm around her middle. "It's nice, Mark. But I don't like how it hugs my stomach like this. I look horrible in it." She turned her attention back to the computer, squeezing the arm a little tighter. Mark took in her tanned body contrasting the white fabric, and gazed at the cleavage that was now even more prominent.

"Bullshit. Would you just quit that? I say you look delicious in it, and would you get it into that pretty head of yours that your stomach is just fine?" He frowned at her and rubbed the slight bulge of her stomach, starting to tickle her a little bit. 

She smacked his hand away and sucked in a little bit, making a few more clicks with the mouse. "Don't you dare."

He laughed quietly and reached for his mug. He offered it to Lily, and she shook her head slightly in response, her brows knitting at the lines of text flashing in front of her. He took a sip, watching her intently. The tips of her soft curly hair curved against her bare shoulders and framed her deep, expressive eyes. Smiling a little, he felt his cock stir: it had been a while, and she looked fantastic. Finishing the milk, he strolled out to put it in the kitchen, and came back up behind her, crossing his arms in front of her chest and nipping at her ear. "You're done now. I said so. Come to bed." His voice was slightly husky, and he began to drag his fingernails along the tops of her breasts, tracing his fingertips over their outline in the gown. 

She hummed lightly in pleasure and looked up at him, cocking her eyebrow at him as he moved his fingertips to cup the large, delicious orbs and give them a small squeeze before tracing the outlines of her hardening nipples. He wiggled his eyebrows at her, making her laugh as she turned back to the monitor. Her chuckles turned into moans as he pinched at the small hardening buds through the thin fabric. Her head lolled to one side, giving him access to her neck and ear, as she made a soft sighing noise. His head dipped down to nip at her earlobe and slowly trace the outline of her ear as he roughly grabbed handfuls of her breasts. 

"You have amazing tits, Lily," he breathed into her ear, making the hair on her neck stand on end. "They look damn good in that thing you have on." He kneaded the soft flesh, making them squeeze together and pull apart as he enjoyed the comfortable weight of them in his hands. He sucked hard on the upper shell of her ear and murmured, "but I think they'd look better with your nipples in my mouth, don't you think?"

Lily was limp under his touch, and let out a soft moan in response. His voice was husky and was beginning to make her wet. It was deep, and whenever he whispered in her ear it rumbled and turned her to putty in his hands. Whenever he whispered dirty things in her ear, she figured she might as well be comatose. He loved to sneak up behind her whenever they were out and hug her from behind innocently, but whisper of how he was going to bend her over when they got home as he rubbed his stiff cock against her backside. 

She mumbled a few incoherent words as he began to ease one of the thin straps down her shoulder, kissing a trail behind it. He repeated this with the other shoulder, watching the small pieces of fabric barely cling to the swell and underside of her soft, firm breasts. His erection was beginning to burn slightly now, and he shifted, annoyed at the constraints of his boxers. "Turn off the computer, Lily." His voice was firm as he added, "Now."

She barely breathed as she quickly closed all the open programs and commanded the machine to turn off. As the screen flickered to black, Mark let go of her long enough to pull his shirt off and kick his boxers off. He pulled her chair out from the desk and quickly planted a few kisses along her throat before letting go and walking to the door. She breathed heavily and turned slowly to look at him, leaning against the doorframe and smirking slightly. His cock was at attention, the swollen head pointing right at her and she licked her lips at the sight of his lean, tense body. 

He knew she wanted him. They hadn't had sex in ages, due to her being too tired from her studies. He was taking a summer off from courses and was working, but he at least had a regular sleeping schedule. Lily hadn't even been masturbating, to his knowledge, and she looked as wound up as he suspected she was. He needed her too, and was doing well at controlling himself, but the sight of her in the thin, revealing gown had been the final straw. 

He crooked his finger and beckoned her with it, winking as he turned and exited the door. Lily bit her lip, pulled the straps up on her nightgown, and switched off the desk lamp before following. She went through the door, and turned the corner toward the bedroom, but immediately was pinned roughly against the hallway wall. She let out a yelp of surprise that turned into a hot moan as Mark grabbed her wrists and pinned them above her head against the wall. 

"Why, hello there..." Mark purred and nipped at her neck, pushing his body weight against her and pinning her entire body against the wall. "Mmm, now what'd you put these back for?" His teeth tugged against the thin straps of the flimsy dress, and he nipped his way down her chest to tuck his tongue under the small cups holding her wonderful breasts captive.

Lily mewled softly and her legs went limp. It had been far too long, and she loved the feel of Mark's hard body fully against hers. Mark wedged his knee in between her legs and pressed against her more firmly. She felt him smile against her neck, and arched into him. "Oooh, Mark..." 

He continued to pin her wrists above her head with one hand and let the other explore her soft body. Her skin was so soft and smooth, and he loved the feel of it under his rough hands. He tucked the white cups away and pulled her breasts into view, letting the fabric pull them up and together. He reached down and roughly pulled her leg up to hook onto his hip, planting it against the wall to keep it up high. He pulled the sleek, white fabric up and around her hips, growling softly at the feel of lace ties on his fingers. 

Lily whimpered and squirmed half-heartedly, enjoying the domination Mark had. Her soft breasts with hard, pink swollen nipples waved against his face every time she moved, and she began to arch her back and nudge the smooth orbs against his mouth, hoping to get him to suck on them. Mark ignored the attempt, focusing on the lacy barrier between his fingers and Lily's hot pussy. He could feel her heat and smell her arousal, every whiff of her beautiful scent making his cock twitch. He grabbed at the ties holding the panties on, and fumbled with them, groaning and stroking her pussy through her panties every once in a while. Finally, he got one side untied and left the lingerie dangling from her raised leg, plunging two fingers into her soaking pussy. 

Throwing her head back, Lily whimpered loudly, beginning to buck against the two fingers stroking her walls almost immediately. Mark purred at her encouragingly, adding his thumb to tease at her clit. "That's it, hon. Do you like that? Do you like my fingers in your hot little cunt? Fuck, Lily, you're so tight..." He nipped at her ear and breathed more dirty words into it, making her whimper and moan as his fingers slid in and out of her slick pussy. 

Another gasp came out of Lily's mouth as Mark buried his face into her gently bouncing breasts. They were swaying mesmerizingly with his thrusts, and Mark couldn't handle not having them in his mouth any longer. She always made such hot noises when he played with her nipples, and he knew exactly what to do to make her sing exactly how he wanted her to. He lapped at one hard bud, then another, flicking his tongue around the circumference of the taut flesh. Then he nipped the soft aureoles, tugging on them with his lips and teeth lightly. As her moans got higher in pitch, he then clamped his lips on first one nipple and the other, making her gasp and whimper his name. He wasn't going to be able to hang on much longer. His cock was weeping precum now, and throbbing angrily. He was hanging onto every shred of self control to keep his fingers in her instead of his hard erection. 

But he was waiting for it: she always begged him. She would look at him with her glazed eyes and bite her lip, teasing it with her teeth. She would loll her head back and gasp, and beg him to curve his fingers. When they first began dating, she had mentioned she was never able to find that hotspot in her pussy herself. She could not get the right angle with whatever toy she was using, and it turned out to be Mark was the only one who could do it right, and to her liking. He didn't mind a bit. It satisfied some sort of deep, primal urge to be the only one who could make her keen and whimper in that way. It made him feel like he had staked his claim somehow; and every time she begged him and looked at him with complete wanton and submission, he would smirk and curl his fingers, thinking, "Mine." Yes, he wanted her to beg, and would hold out however long it took her to break down. 

He lathed his tongue all over her delicious breasts, and purred at the stark tan line across her chest. The full globes were still creamy white, but the upper parts of her cleavage were golden. Her breasts were so large, she always had cleavage showing, even on moderately cut tops. He didn't care: he liked seeing it, and liked showing her off, because she was his. She squeaked and panted, squirming and bucking her hips against his moving fingers. 

"Maaaaaark..." she mewled, taken aback by the burning lust in his eyes when he looked at her. He kept pushing his fingers into her, making her crazy, and made no verbal reply to her moaning. "Please... do it..." her voice trailed off as her head lolled back again.

"Do what?" he grinned mischievously at her and nipped at her exposed neck.

"That.... that thing..." Lily knew he knew exactly what she was talking about.

"What thing? I'm not sure what you mean," Mark smirked and squeezed at her wrists to get her to look at him.

"Please!!" She snapped her head forward to look at him, and half glared, half moaned. She bit her lip, knowing what he wanted her to do. Mark watched her with an intense gaze, his blue eyes darkened with arousal and biting his lower lip slightly. Lily's body shuddered involuntarily, and she flushed even redder than she was, knowing he loved seeing her like this.

"Please what?" There was no grin, just an intense, hot, aroused gaze coming from his eyes. "Tell me, Lil. Tell me what you want."

"Please, Mark..." She bit her lip and gasped at him, bucking her hips and hearing her voice go up in pitch. "Please fuck me with your fingers... curve them... make me cum on your hand. I love it when you do that. I can't do it on my own... it feels so fucking good when you make me cum with your fingers. Do it, Mark... I want you to do what only you can..." She looked at him hotly and teased her bottom lip with her teeth, making small noises of desire at him. 

He grinned as his hard cock twitched. Something about her moaning for him made his blood boil. He knew what to do. He let go of her wrists, and like dancers hitting their marks, their bodies shifted in the same familiar way they always did. One arm wrapped around her cocked leg and the other curved its fingers buried deep inside of her, while one of her arms wrapped around his neck and the other snaked down to tease her swollen clit. Lily screamed, and Mark muffled her mouth with his, thrusting his fingers into her pussy rapidly. He felt her body squirm and lose the ability to stand up, so he put more pressure on her and kept her pinned. He let her mouth go and in between her gasps, she managed to hear him spurring her on. 

"That's it, Lily. Cum for me. Rub that hot pussy of yours and make it cum around my fingers. I'm going to fuck you so hard after this... would you like that? I'll fuck you however you want; I just want my cock inside you," Mark growled right in her ear. "You're so sexy, bucking and moaning like that. After you're a good girl and cum for me, I'm going to lick you clean and fuck your sweet pussy until you cum again, and again, and again..." His voice trailed off as he felt his beloved clench around his fingers. 

"Good girl, Lily... that's a good girl... don't hold back," he urged her on and braced himself for the rough ride he knew was coming. 

"Mark!" Lily screamed his name as her whole body went limp and shuddered. An onslaught of liquid splashed against Mark's hand, and another few smaller jets of Lily's cum trickled down his wrist in slightly thick, clear streams. Lily was moaning throughout the entire thing, and her hips were bucking high and hard. She tensed then relaxed to lie limp against Mark's body, and looked up at him in a daze. 

He chuckled. "I'm by no means done with you yet..." he purred and made his cock twitch against her belly. He licked two of his fingers clean and offered her the rest, groaning as she sucked on each of his fingers and lapped her tongue around them. 

She grinned weakly and released his hand, raising an eyebrow as her hand clasped around his hard length. "You mean I'm not done with you..."