  I would like to dedicate this story to a young lady know only to me by the pseudonym of "malp87" whom I "met" very recently on another adult site. Her sweet face, sexy body and dirty mind inspired this story. I would like to thank her again for helping me find the spark to fire my imagination, which over past months seemed to have abandoned me. 

The events told below could have happened, but that is not to say that they did happen or even might happen sometime in the future. But one lives in hope! 

 Ministering Angel 

New Year's Eve: I wouldn't have come to the pub if my friends hadn't come hammering on my door insisting that I must join them and almost literally dragging me here. 

So here I sit, nursing my beer, the party flowing round me. My friends, of course, are all with their partners, couples enjoying the celebration. The pub is full of couples, or small groups of friends all noisy in their drunken anticipation of the year to come. My eyes glaze as stare blankly into the amber depths of my glass. I feel lonelier in the midst of this throng than if I had been left in peace and alone at my house. A quiet sigh escapes my lips. Another year almost gone, much of it spent partner-less and alone, I feel the back tide of depression beginning to envelope me.

Whilst I was considering making a discrete exit and escape back to my home, a sudden explosion of extra noise rolled over the already deafening roar of the party. The chimes of Big Ben boomed out from the radio, and with the first stroke of the hour the pub erupted with shouts of "Happy New Year". 

"Happy New Year! Ha! What did I have to be happy about?" I thought as my dark mood deepened further. 

"Come on mister grumpy!" 

A female voice shouted close to my ear as I was hauled out of my chair and press-ganged into joining the circle to sing Auld Lang Syne. My arms crossed in front of me and my hands held firmly by a young woman on either side, I mumbled my way through Robbie Burns's ancient rhyme. Yet, even with my senses dulled by misery a primal drive was still keeping watch deep inside me. My nose was filled with the scent worn by the young women pressed closely either side of me. My peripheral vision detected the way their pert breasts jiggled as they beat their arms up and down in time with the song. In my loins something stirred and began to take an interest. 

Despite my rising lust I was still determined to make my exit. In the general confusion as people broke up back into their groups after the song had ended I slipped quietly out of the door. 

I was half way across the car park when someone shouted. 

"Hey!" 

I kept walking. 

"Hey you stop! I'm talking to you!"

I stopped and turned around. There half silhouetted against the brightly lit façade of the pub I recognised the same young woman who had pulled me out of my chair and made me join in with Auld Lang Syne. She stood, her feet slightly apart and firmly planted on the tarmac of the car park, with her hands on her hips. In the half-light I could only make out the glint of the spectacles that she wore, but I could still feel the laser heat of the glare that she was giving me. 

In a less strident, yet still half mocking voice she said: 

"You miserable old bugger, don't I even get a New Year's kiss?" 

She marched over to where I was standing, grabbing me by the shoulders and only having to reach up slightly she mashed her lips against mine. Automatically my arms enfolded her slim body and drew her close to me, her mouth opened, her tongue probed at my lips. 

Dazed, confused by this sudden onslaught I pulled my face away from her. 

The deep black pit of depression opened before me and I began to sob, hot tears rolling down my face. 

Still our bodies were held close together and my man-brain continued running on its own agenda. What had started as a tingle in my loins a few minutes ago now grew in size and hardness and pressed firmly against her taught belly. 

"What's the matter?" Her voice now soft and quiet, almost whispering. Her fingers brushed the tears from my cheek. Then she gave a giggle and wiggled her hips against me. 

"At least one part of you seems to be enjoying itself."

I tried to pull away, "Sorry," I croaked, embarrassment now adding itself to the list of negative emotions that were assailing me. 

She held on to me to prevent my escape and put her fingers to my lips to silence my protests.

"No, don't be sorry, I'll take that as a compliment," she said as once again she pressed herself against my swollen flesh. 

Still trying to pull away, "Sorry" I repeated, "I just want to go home and be on my own." 

"No," she spoke more firmly now as if some motherly instinct had taken control. 

"You shouldn't be alone, not tonight, not like this. Wait here, I'll get my coat, I'm coming with you."

The power decision had been taken from me, so I stood meekly waiting while she went back into the pub and collected her coat. 

