 One late Saturday night I was beating off to a random porn site when I accidentally found bliss. Her name was Shirley Le Roux and one look at her made me fall in love. But I didn't know any of that just yet.

My life wasn't going so great and all I could do was lose myself in video games and porn, but seeing that one photo made me into a convert. Suddenly life didn't suck so bad. She exuded a kind of hopefulness and cheer even in a dark seedy porn shoot that I'd never seen expressed before quite this way. There was that smile with the perfect dimples and it told me that she wasn't really there in that photo, no, not in that reality. It was just her body there. The smile was her breaking through the fourth wall.

I was sure that the captured moment was something rare I'd seen of a person. Maybe it was just me getting star struck, but no, I had witnessed an accidental glimmer of her real self. I was absolutely sure of it, it was a sublime moment. I touched the screen trying to make a desperate connection to a porn star on an ad-infested site, and I cried because it was so pathetic, and I had a bit of Jack Daniels in me working my way toward the whole fifth. She was having fun despite guys defiling her body, and she was beautiful. And I was so pathetic. She was covered in jizz and had a cock in her ass, and - and this was the one image to evoke my emotions?

My dirtbag mother died a year back and I was now living in her decrepit trailer home since I had nowhere else to go. It was raining heavily the entire week from a stuck nor'easter and a few rusty buckets were trying to slow the roof leaks. They were already there before I moved in and until now I typically never needed to empty them because they'd evaporate before overflowing. Even though we'd been distant, I dropped out of college to take care of her in her last days.

During one of her lucid moments, she warned me about my uncle. "Don't trust him," she said and left all she had in this world to me in her will. And later I realized that was the worst thing she's ever done to me because he soon came for it all, and he was nasty about it.

"Her name is Shirley Le Roux," said Bear, "and of course that's not her real last name." 

The site I found her on didn't have captions, just bootlegs of her pics and videos. Luckily, Bear knew everything on the internet. He knew his porn stars, what their fetishes were, and everything there was to be known about something called the Doki Doki Literature Club. Think he lived in Canada, but we played video games together since I was a kid. We didn't know each other's real names. We never met.

Bear disapproved, "She's too thin for me, I don't know why you like her." Of course, we didn't need to explain things to each other. He was saying he wasn't going to beat off to her, which was I suppose a nice thing to say, in a fucked-up internet sort of way.

"You know," Bear added ponderingly, "...she plays Minecraft."

Which was interesting.

Then a loud knock made me peel myself away from the computer and I found Connie on the other side of the door wearing a short denim skirt and high heels. She was the neighborhood slut, a white trash housewife whose blissfully unaware husband worked nights. She'd been fucking me for years, even before I went off to college, and I liked that I didn't have to use condoms with her. She wasn't ugly, but neither was she considered pretty. Somewhere in between, but god was she horny. Her coming over was the pussy equivalent of a comfort meal.

She lifted her wet hoodie and kissed me. She was a terrible kisser, but it was proper form to do that first. I walked us to the couch where in a rote fashion I pulled my pants down and sat in the middle. Without delay she climbed on top, pulled her panties aside and rode my dick quietly for a quarter hour until I came inside her. Her pussy usually felt better after I jerked off a few times earlier in the day, but today I skipped that part and was thinking about Shirley as she fucked me and so I stayed rock hard the entire time and came buckets while grunting. It made Connie smile.

Trapped in the trailer park is what she was. She didn't drive, she didn't work, so fucking her neighbors kept her entertained. She got knocked up way too early in life and dropped out of highschool to raise a new batch of delinquents modeled after their father. After her fourth kid, she got her tubes tied and that was convenient for me. Having made me cum, she smiled and got up. She had a missing tooth on one side and a few leaners on the other. She felt insecure about herself so she always dressed up slutty. It compensated nicely. She wiped herself off with a paper towel from the kitchen and went home after kissing me on the cheek.

Bear was good at sleuthing.

Finding what servers Shirley played on took two weeks because she didn't volunteer her username to the internet, but I was enthusiastic about the treasure hunt. Through a series of hints we guessed who she might be on there. Bear helped with the leads for us to eliminate, but you could tell he was getting annoyed about my new obsession. Too bad because I really needed him for this. Most of the servers she periodically played on were public, and within a month of quietly playing on one she liked, I finally made contact.

It was Bear's brilliant idea to befriend some of her friends and then wait until we inevitably interacted. It felt somewhat smarmy, but it worked.

"Why did you build your house upside-down?" she asked me over text chat, and I took a half hour to explain. Which was the first half hour we ever spent together, and it meant a lot to me. I never forgot it.

She thought it was cute and then lingered around my expanding upside-down village ever since, adding flowers wherever she liked. Even in places I really did not want them in. She had a flower in her character's hair, and I thought it was the most beautiful pixelated representation of her. My second monitor now always had pictures of her work, tastefully cropped. Months went by. I found out all I could about her and wanted more. Bear fronted me some money so I could join her paid site.

Longer I played with her, more of her porn I watched. She seemed to over-index for gangbangs and bondage and it should have made me jealous, but it didn't. It wasn't exactly stalking, but it was becoming an unhealthy obsession which I desperately needed - I needed the escape, and jerking off to her porn came close. It was bordering on worship.

My dirtbag uncle had just served me papers for a lawsuit I didn't need. Pretty sure he was doing something shady because he was both the bailiff who delivered the papers, and the party suing me. He had a deranged idea that what mom left me was worth something and he deserved it instead of me, so he gradually applied more and more pressure. He was disputing her will. It made my life miserable.

Which was okay because within a few weeks, Shirley invited me to play on a private server. I was ecstatic, but I hoped that I didn't seem too eager to join. It was very late that night so I turned in.

Minutes later my phone buzzed and it was Connie texting me a single question mark. I replied in the affirmative and she came over minutes later to service me, wearing a bath robe. She kissed me and ran her greedy fingers over my chest and whispered "fuck my ass" in my ear, her hot breath making me hard. God damn, but that's exactly what I needed tonight. My tongue went into her mouth and I didn't care how bad of a kisser she was. She took her robe off and stroked me through my pants, and underneath the robe she was wearing a neon pink corset and matching thigh highs and her big nipples were sticking far out, in desperate need of being groped.

Since no one else ever came over, I kept a bottle of KY on the coffee table. She got on her fours on the couch and under the dim light of my computer screens I watched her spread her horny asshole for me to lick. Which, of course, I did while imagining eating Shirley's. My tongue made love to her hole, licking it around. I was tonguing and kissing it and rubbing her pussy lightly. "Yeah, get it in there," she whispered shyly. She didn't have much of an ass, but she was willing to make up for it by being nasty. Copious amounts of lube later and my cock was sliding in and out with gusto, making her moan in horniness.

Her hole felt so nice and warm. No other girls ever let me fuck their ass but Connie, and she always dressed so sexy for me. In my mind I imagined fucking Shirley's ass and I closed my eyes and whispered, "I love you" to the image. It wasn't meant for Connie, but she heard it anyway and responded by moaning like a whore in heat and bucking against my cock. It drove me wild and I came hard deep inside her asshole. Having satisfied me, she went home right afterwards. I slept hard that night.

The next day, Shirley said the private server was where she spent most of her time. It seemed she knew most of the people playing there because she introduced me as her "internet friend." It was a close group, very tightly knit and most people were welcoming enough.

Most of them anyway. Which is how I met P-Peter.

"You gonna wish me good night too, dipshit?" he asked me as soon as she signed off that night. I didn't want to antagonize any of her friends and make her cross with me so I didn't reply at first and just took the abuse.

"What's a matter, my guy don't got enough flowers in his hair?" he pressed on. He did not like me, not by a long shot, and he knew exactly where to pinch. There was something primal about him and his demeanor.

In fact, his character's skin looked downright creepy but I said nothing. Sure, it was just a game character but it looked beat-up. One eye was missing, replaced by a discolored slit. His arms were littered with crude tattoos. Overall it meshed well with grime of his character because he was a dick. I hated him, and he was obviously a gatekeeper I had to go around if I wanted to get closer to Shirley, because two of them were very close. Downright inseparable. They shared an island and worked on everything together, and I was invited to help build stuff by her while he grumbled.

"Don't mind him, he's harmless," she told me once and said I could move in on the north side of their island. It wasn't reassuring, even coming from her. Getting closer to her proved to be a severe challenge. We played some other games, but it all mostly came back down to Minecraft.

P-Peter ended up shadowing me every time I played on the server. He was a mean fucker. Nothing phased him. Later I found out in the early days the guys they played with used to tease him and called him names, stuttering Peter, or PPPPP-Peter, but of course he was unphased by any of that. He changed his username to P-Peter to turn that on them. He was a hardass and he took shit from nobody, and it was admirable. Except when his attention was turned against me, as he happened to threaten me every time Shirley signed off.

"You look at her funny, I'll burn both your little wheat farm to the ground, and your shitty trailer home too," he threatened one night. There was just no mistaking his intent, he was a Pitbull protecting her, and he was mean as fuck. Through a cosmic joke, I just happened to live in a trailer home, but I wasn't going to tell him that. I was embarrassed by it enough already.

Bear guessed, "Maybe he's her business manager, or a boyfriend?"

That made some sense- after all he was protective, but still he just didn't seem like the type she'd be into. I mean she sucked strangers' cocks all the time, but that was just work. Privately she liked nice but quirky guys, the kind I sometimes thought might represent me. Over the months I found what she was really like, and every new detail surprised me more. She too dropped out of college to take care of her mom and got stuck with repaying student loans and her mom's medical bills, which is how she ended up in her career. But I wasn't supposed to know that part yet. I knew how she felt, which mattered to her, and I was in love.

One day P-Peter surprised me by being nice, which was a difficult thing to accept after knowing him for a while.

"Hey dipshit, she just signed off. She'll be on later tonight after work."

So, he definitely knew what kind of work she did, but he obviously wasn't her manager. But I didn't know why he bothered to tell me I'd just missed her, because that was uncharacteristically helpful. I thanked him and in return I got a verbal punch in the stomach.

"Shut the fuck up. Don't ever talk to me, dipshit." He then poured a bucket of lava over my sheep pen and walked away. I waited for a long while for her and when it got very late, I walked away from the computer.

Connie knocked on the door and I let her in. She was wearing a schoolgirl outfit, which was hot as fuck, but it made me wonder about her age because on her the outfit was just absolutely perverse. She was a decade younger than my mom, and I wondered about how inappropriate our relationship was from the onset. But we didn't have a relationship, we were just fuck buddies. I was a late bloomer and she popped my cherry, then later did the things my girlfriends wouldn't, and she always made sure I had ample access to pussy between my relationships so I didn't get lonely. She pointed at my screen, at one of Shirley's scenes, and made an exploratory remark about a gangbang, which I deflected with prejudice. As much as I was interested, I didn't want anyone seeing me fuck a housewife because I was a shallow coward.

Tonight, Connie was in the mood to tease me and make out and grind and cuddle, so I ducked out and ate her shaved pussy, imagining going down on Shirley instead. Admiring her white nylons under my fingers, I gave her a real workout, sucking on her clit in slow sweet circles, biting her thighs, gently fingering her. She helped by keeping her legs spread wide and high, her black and white checkered skirt obscenely hiked up, her tits pushed up over her shirt, nipples hard as bottle caps.

Halfway toward what I thought would be an orgasm she pulled me onto her and made me fuck her slowly while kissing. Being between her legs I got more excited thinking of how loving this moment was and how great it'd be to fuck Shirley this sweetly instead, so I got harder. Connie moaned, and I gave her a half-hour long reaming, with my tongue down her throat and my middle finger occasionally inside her ass. She wrapped her legs around me as I came in her pussy, and she stayed cuddling with me like that until long after I went limp inside her. If her husband had seen us, there'd be an axe through my skull right now. It was beyond cheating because it was sensual.

My dirtbag uncle tightened the screws with his real-life equivalent of the lava bucket. While I was driving to my shitty job, he had his cop friends pull me over and ticket me. Problem was that the car was still in my mom's name, and I never got around to changing the registration, so I was fucked.

Bear warned me that this problem would turn into an infected wound. And he was right.

And then it happened again, and again, week after week. Speeding - sure, I did it, broken tail light - but how could it break every other week? Emissions check, what the hell? Taking circuitous routes to work helped but I kept running late to work and my court appearances stacked up and though the judge dismissed some of the tickets, the threat of legal bills was stacking up and I didn't have time to go to the DMV for a registration change. I was cornered and scared. But I wasn't going to let that asshole just take anything he wanted. The trailer itself was a total loss and I'd have to pay someone to demolish it, but the land was worth at least fifty grand. Unlike most people, mom didn't lease the land, she bought it outright. And I had plans for that money.

Shirley and I graduated to voice chat, and I was amazed to be let into that level of confidence. Her voice was sweet like the morning dew, and Bear wanted to punch me when I told him as much.

"You're turning into a sappy douchebag, you know that? Morning dew, what is that, your attempt at poetry? Lets go do a few rounds of PlayerUnknown," Bear pleaded. But I was now too busy with other things.

I was hypnotized and for reasons I could not see, she liked talking to me. Some days she even waited up for me to get off work so we could play in the evenings. It made me love her more. We built a glass-domed underwater island, then a floating sky island, and P-Peter grumbled some more. He didn't seem jealous, but I guess he liked his islands the old-fashioned way. On voice chat he sounded older, and to my surprise, there was not a hint of stuttering in his voice. His username therefore made no sense. His voice was deep and scratchy, textured like gravel if it could talk. He yelled at us to get off his lawn and that made her giggle uncontrollably. She was adorable. It was infectious.

His threats were even more terrifying when voiced. I tried not to linger in voice chat for long after she'd leave, but inevitably he'd catch me off guard. 

"You make that girl cry, I'll fuck you up, you hear me boy? I'll disassemble your goddamned piece of shit Toyota and force-feed it to you for months until you digest it all. You hear me, boy? I'll fuckin' integrate you. I'll derivate you. You fucking watch yourself, dipshit."

At that moment, I just thought he was being overly protective of Shirley, and that made me happy because it meant he observed her liking me more than just a game player. I ignored his verbal abuse as it was pretty normal. At any rate, his math references threw me off. What the shit, Jesus, the stuff that came out of that guy's mouth.

It would be some months later that I realized I never mentioned what I drove to anyone, not to even Bear, because I was too distracted. I was in love with a porn star who liked me back.

Connie texted me and I needed a blowjob so I had her come over. She wore her pretty church dress and tights from that morning and I wondered why she bothered attending worship. Because Connie was a real dirty slut, sometimes doing nastier things for me than a porn star would ever do on screen, that excited me and I felt she was incompatible with Church. And on top of that she'd do these things with no effort to woo her on my behalf. That was very convenient for me because I was lazy, though even I felt I got too comfortable not working for it.

She let me fuck her mouth and was okay with me getting rough, and that's just what hit the spot this evening. But as my cock slid inside her mouth and dipped in her throat and made her gag delightfully, I wondered about this happening to Shirley and suddenly I didn't like the idea of being rough as much. Catching my change of pace, Connie started blowing me with enthusiasm I hadn't experienced before. She paused and told me she could only be my whore on the side, and that's when I remembered she misheard me profess my love to her. Thank god she rationalized it in her mind, so I didn't have to make up excuses. She told me she'll always be my fuck toy, and then she sprayed her face with my cum. I was running low on tissues.

Bear texted me to let me know I accidentally left my microphone on, broadcasting in a few places. Shit. He said he couldn't fap to it, and that made me cringe because it meant he actually might have.

One night a few weeks later Shirley finally confided in me, or she thought she did, when she told me what she did for a living. It was the real test of character. Obviously, I didn't care what she did for a living. But I had to choose whether to tell her I knew all along. Either I could nod along and pretend I didn't know, or come out clean and risk her feeling conned and set up from the start. My heart rate shot up through the leaky roof and I knew my voice would crack so I didn't say anything at first. She would think I was a creepy stalker, I was sure of it. I was paralyzed in terror of screwing up.
