 Mira lounged in her dorm room, toggling between procrastination and her history paper on her lap top, when Loren stormed through the door. Mira winced watching as the door slammed against the wall, denting the plaster. 

"Jesus Loren!" 

"I can't believe that asshole had the nerve to just break up with me out of the fucking blue," Loren exclaimed throwing her school bag on her bed. 

"Chase broke up with you?" Mira asked carefully, watching Loren fume. 

"Yeah. He said some bullshit about how I was screwing around with Wes and it was the last straw or some shit."

"Well, you were screwing around with Wes, among other people." 

Loren shot her a withering glare. "Don't defend his point of view, I'm the woman wronged."

"You cheated on him. That's cause for a divorce or death in some places let alone a break up. It's not like you're sorry about it." 

Loren mulled the thought over. "Whatever. I only came back to him for the great sex."

Mira shook her head, wondering if Chase would say the same. 

Instead of succumbing to the pressure to join her roommate and the other girls for a "Boys suck" girls' night out, Mira made an excuse about having work, and headed over to Chase's apartment. He opened the door just as she was about to knock. 

"Hi." 

He smiled, taking her hand and tugged her through the doorway. 

"Where is everyone?" she asked, looking around the space. 

"They left after pre-gaming here, to cheer me up." 

"Yeah, I heard you broke it off with Loren. She's livid and probably making out with everyone who buys her a drink." 

"I am still kicking myself for waiting so long to end it. We were terrible together. I guess I got comfortable and didn't want to look for something better." 

Mira let her bag slide of her shoulders to the floor as she reached to wrap her arms around his neck. "I'm glad you are looking for something better. But seriously, if you just want to hang out, that's fine with me. I am here for you." 

Chase shook his head. "I want you. In my bed, in my arms, in the kitchen, in the shower, you get the picture. I want you completely nude. Or just in heels. I want to finally be with you, no qualms, no crazy girlfriend in the way." 

Mira grinned. "I think that could be arranged."

Chase walked out of the bathroom in his boxers to see Mira, her knees up and her feet in black stilettos. She had her eyes closed, her head resting on the pillows with her hair curling around her face and her legs splayed open as she played with herself. He smiled, leaning against the door jamb, watching her alternatively tweak her nipples as she circled her clit with the pad of her finger or plunged her fingers into her vagina.

"Are you going to join me or should I keep going?" she asked, watching him from beneath her lashes. 

"I was enjoying the show." 

"Well, I would enjoy the show more if you come join me."

Chase arched his eyebrow. "Oh really?"

"Yep. So why don't you lose the shorts and come hither," she teased. 

"Don't look at me." He turned his back to her, his hands at his hips, hooking his thumbs under the elastic waistband. 

Mira laughed as he rotated his hips, shaking his ass as he lowered his boxers before climbing on the bed. "Very nice." 

"Oh thanks." He positioned himself between her legs, his nose almost touching the back of her hand as she lightly caressed herself. Looking up at her, he kissed along her right thigh and then her left. She moved her hand to the top of his head, tangling her fingers in his hair as he purposefully refrained from giving her clit attention. He sucked on her outer lips and then the more sensitive inner lips, watching her expression as she tried to keep her eyes from drifting closed. 

Mira let a little gasp escape her as Chase began thrust his tongue deep into her hot pussy. He licked upward, from her vagina to her clit, using broad strokes.

"Do you like that?" he asked, his breath hot against her skin. 

"Yes," she breathed. 

"Yes what?"

"Yes, I like it when you lick my pussy." 

"Like this?" He flattened his tongue, stroking her clit. She arched her back, whimpering as he slid his middle finger, palm up, into her wet vagina. He curled his finger, feeling the small rough patch he was looking for, adding his index finger. Chase could feel Mira's muscles clamp down on his fingers as he began to slowly thrust in and out of her while he licked her clit. 

"Chase," she said, her hips raised above the bed, her fingers tightening in his hair. 

"Mmmhmm?" 

The vibrations from the sound against her clit made her sink her teeth into her lip. "Don't tease me." 

Chase focused on his task. He alternated flicking her clit with the tip of his tongue and licking in broader strokes increasing his pace in increments. His fingers deep inside her kept a steady rhythm, stroking that spot within her.

Chase lifted his mouth off her clit, just enough to speak, when he first felt her begin to tighten. "Do you want to come?" 

"Yes I want to come."

"Are you close?" He asked, already knowing the answer. 

"So close." Her eyes were screwed tight, drops of moisture beading on her eyelashes. Her chest rose with each pant.

"Don't come until I say you can." 

"I want to, badly." 

"Don't." He began licking and flicking her clit, one hand thrusting hard and deep into her pussy and reaching up to grip the nipple she wasn't already tugging and twisting. 

"Please?" she gasped.

"Please what?" he said without lifting his mouth from her.

"Let me come, please let me come." 

Chase returned to licking her clit, watching her writhe on the bed. "Okay you can come now." 

She cried out, back arched as he brought her over the edge, sending her into convulsions. He smiled as she drenched his fingers, slowing his pace. When she caught her breath, she opened her eyes to watch him licking her juices from his fingers. 

"You make me come so hard. Thanks."

"You are welcome." He gave her another lick before straddling her legs and moving up her body to kiss her. 

Mira moved to put her arms around him but he caught her wrists and pinned them behind her head with his hand. Chase kissed along her cheek bone, licking behind her ear and catching her earlobe with his teeth. ¬¬¬

"I like that you take control," she murmured as he blew warm air against her dampened skin. 

"Always?" 

"I don't know. Not always I guess." She gasped a little when he caught her nipple with his teeth, sucking on her tender breast, one after the other. 

"We'll figure it out along the way."