 I got up and padded to the kitchen grabbing two big liter bottles of water from the pantry and came back to the bedroom. As I walked back through the threshold I was assaulted by the heavy perfume of sex. Man I could live with this scent forever! Mirabelle, my wanton babe, was on her back with her legs spread wide open with her knees bent playing with her vagina looking at me smiling. With one hand she was slowly sliding two fingers from her extended clit to her hole, dipping them inside of herself and then back up to tickle her clit between them while her other hand was underneath her with a finger fucking her ass. Her huge breasts, nipples fully erect, lay to the sides of her torso jiggling with her movements. What an amazing erotic sight. 

I just stood there watching her please herself for a while. "Damn baby that is so hot – are you always so horny?" I asked with lust in my eyes, my cock rock hard and sticking high in the air.

"You have no idea –I have always been what my ex called an insatiable nymphomaniac" she smiled. "And when I'm with someone that I feel is with me in this, well let's just say anything and everything goes. I hope that doesn't scare you off honey. I want an open and voracious lover who can get wild and kinky but also be soft and tender when the moment calls for it."

"Baby – you don't scare me – you thrill me! I may finally have met my match!" I responded. "I just hope you can keep up with me!" I grinned.

"He said it was one of the reasons he left – he couldn't, and wouldn't satisfy my needs and desires. He said it made him feel insecure and that he just wasn't into some of the sex I was into exploring" she said with a hint of sadness to her tone. "I like to do all sorts of wild things baby... I just hope you enjoy them too."

I came to the bed and handed her a liter bottle of water. "Describe wild for me honey" I asked. "Meanwhile, drink this all up – we're going to need it. And then we're going to have some kinky fun" I winked. She looked at me oddly but grinning. We both drank deeply and putting our bottles down I gazed at this beautiful sexy creature said "are you ready? I need to be inside of you and I don't want to just fuck – I want to make love with you – I want you to honor me - let me inside you!"

Mirabelle looked at me with those piercing eyes and then demanded "Get up here, get on top of me and get that fat horse cock in me now... there's plenty of time for all that sentiment – I want you to mount me, ride me and use me for your pleasure and when you're ready I want you to shoot your hot cum deep inside me!" and with that urging I climbed between her legs and looked down at her. A smoldering volcano would be an understatement to describe the look she gave me at that very moment. 

Mirabelle grabbed my cock, guided it to her slit and rubbed my head up and down soaking me while rubbing her clit back and forth. She was so wet that after only a few swipes along her cunt, slipping inside Mirabelle was easy. She gasped as my head split her open so I took it slowly just pressing an inch at a time and pulling back out. Then an inch more, and then more as I fed myself into her hot body. As I pulled out with each thrust I could feel my cock slick with her juice so I reached down and gathered up as much of her cream as I could on my fingers and then as I plunged my entire length into her, bottoming out at her cervix, I brought my hand up and as I leaned in to kiss her I brought my fingers up and slid them between our mouths. 

Mirabelle grunted as I hit bottom and wrapped her legs around my ass. We both licked her juice off my fingers and then I rose up on my arms hovering over and staring down at her. "Now lover – fuck me like you mean it! Make my pussy yours!" she demanded.

The explosion that wracked my senses was unbelievable. We had been screwing in the missionary position for over half an hour and when I say 'we' it's because Mirabelle certainly was no passive partner. With every thrust, slow or fast, shallow or deep, straight or angled or in circles, Mirabelle used her body in ways that I never knew a woman could by responding with her hips and the muscles in her pussy to every movement I made. At one point she was pulling on her nipples so hard I thought she was going rip them right off her enormous tits but she loved it and growled "soon baby you'll get to tie me down and bite these big nipples and watch me cum just from doing it..."

Every time either of us would get close to cuming we would back off to prolong our amazing coupling. Never had I experienced fucking like this before. Prior to this moment it had been amateur hour. This was fucking at its finest most connected and lewdest possible apex. "Oooh baby – yes to the right - get that huge cock up my tubes... oh god yes.... fuck that cunt you stud... " and then she shifted herself so that every time I slid into her I would assault her g-spot... "oh god baby that's so good... I feel like I'm going to pee all over your cock every time you scrape that monster across me there... yes, right there...." 

When we finally couldn't take any more pleasure she looked at me, nodded and grabbed her ankles holding her legs as wide as they would go. "Fill me up baby – give me your sperm – I want to feel you flooding me with your hot cum all the way to my neck!..." and that's when I almost blacked out from that explosion. Jet after jet erupted from my loins and with each surge, Mirabelle's cunt was right there rippling and milking my orgasm out of me. As I was floating in mid-orgasmic spasms between spurts I heard her wail and then she exploded. Her orgasm was so intense that her juices flooded around my cock and poured down the bed in a torrent.

She did something then that I'll never forget. She pushed me off and rolled me onto my back and squatted over my face. I looked up at her gaping pussy and asshole just as she started to pinch her clit and then she came all over my face with another geyser mixed with my cum screaming my name all the while. My heart was pounding and I couldn't catch my breath. We were covered in sweat and cum. Mirabelle quickly turned around, laid down on top of me and like a mother cat cleaning up her kitten, started to gently lick and kiss my face and neck clean of our jungle juice. I couldn't believe how much this woman could cum, nor did I anticipate how much I would come to crave her pussy ejaculating all over me. We both chugged the rest of our water bottles and drifted off into a deep and deeply satisfied slumber.



To be continued in Part 5