 Something happened to me the other day that I never expected – I fell head over heels in lust with a big woman. It started when I was in my local market on a hot summer Saturday afternoon. Cruising the fruits and vegetables aisles, I was lost in concentration picking out some prime mangos when I felt my Achilles tendon erupt in fire. I buckled to the ground from the pain to hear a startled gasp and cry from behind me. I turned my head to see my attacker – the shopping card that had run into my tendon was being pulled back by one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen, her face stricken with horror at what she had done. In a second she was leaning down by my side asking "oh my god... are you ok? I am soooo sorry!" 

I couldn't really say much. This woman was so beautiful I was unsure of which took my breath away – her amazing eyes or the throbbing fire sensation still gripping my tendon. 

Beautiful olive-toned skin with green/ golden eyes framed by a face that could grace any model magazine all wrapped up with lush long flowing dark chocolate hair; this woman looked like Ella McPhearson with one obvious difference. She was a much bigger woman than the model could ever be.

I finally found my voice... 

"Do you always try and take out people who are in the way of the mangoes?" I asked with a smile to show her I would be ok.

And then she smiled and lit up the room. This woman, this big woman was doing things to me that I never expected. Normally I am attracted to smaller women with tight little hard bodies just made for fucking but this was different. This woman was beautiful and if you had to slap a label on her she would definitely fall into the BBW category. Her hips were broad and her chest was enormous but she also had that hourglass figure that said woman, not girl. As I slowly raised my glance towards her face she had to stand around five foot eight tall and if I was a gambling man I would have put her around 200 pounds. When my eyes met hers I knew I had been busted for completely undressing her with my glance.

"That's what you get for being in the way of my mangoes" she laughed as she leaned down further, held out her hands and helped me up and introduced herself. "Mirabelle" she said as she held my hands in hers and looked directly into my eyes. As she helped me up I semi buckled as I put weight on my heel and lurched into her big chest. I have never been happier than in bed with a big chested woman, spending hours playing with a big set of breasts is one of those ultimate lazy Sunday afternoon delights than I never tire of and this was a set of breasts that defied physics - huge pillows of breasts that were completely erotic.

"Now it's my turn to apologize... I'm Aaron and I'm so sorry for the – um – intrusion" I replied, still a bit tongue-tied and now beet red in the face. "And for your information they're my mangoes – each and every one of them" I grinned. She laughed pure and crystalline, like a chime.

We both stood there looking at each other for what seemed a short lifespan. It would seem that Mirabelle was as tongue tied as me, which I took in as a great turn of events.

"How's the heel feeling?" she finally asked.

"I'm fine but my ankle hurts pretty bad" I joked. "I'm heading home for a hot bath with a mango daiquiri... that should take care of it" I winked.

"No you don't ... heat's the worst thing for it right now!" she replied sternly. "Well, not the daiquiri – that may help a bit" she winked back.

"And what then do you recommend Dr. Mirabelle?" I asked.

"First of all thank you for addressing me properly" she grinned "and secondly you need ice and ibuprofen to reduce the swelling, then wrap it up, and then tomorrow you can use heat – that is if you're tough enough" she giggled.

"So you're really a doctor?" I asked as I regained some balance and tested a little more weight on my ankle.

"Yep and I have the bedside manner to prove it." Damn – there was that smile again. And she was flirting with me to boot. Now I really don't think all that much of my appearance but I have been told that I am handsome and elegant with a great sense of humor and with with a great ass – their words, not mine. An old girlfriend nicknamed me Pierce, as in Brosnan, (she thought it was a cute play on Pierce Arrow what with my first name) so I guess I have something to offer in the looks department though I am certainly no 007. I stand at just 6 foot, 185 pounds with silver streaking my black hair. The one thing that I was blessed with is a nice big cock which stands proudly at a thick 9 inches and is almost always ready for a good time.

"I'll tell you what... to make up for being such a klutz, let me take care of that" she said as she looked downwards. She had been talking about my foot of course but then quietly gasped. To my embarrassment I realized that I was sporting a huge erection, something that I hadn't noticed due to the pain and situation and it was quite evident as the slacks I was wearing were loose linen and tenting lewdly as I had gone out of the house sans underwear as I tend to do when just running a quick errand. 

"I didn't know I could illicit such a response by taking a man down with a shopping cart" she laughed. "If I'd known it was that easy to turn men on I'd have been running into them a long time ago!" she continued grinning like the Cheshire cat. 

"My god Mirabelle, I am so sorry. This is certainly an embarrassing way to meet such a beautiful woman." I asked earnestly.

Something happened then that surprised me completely. Mirabelle turned an immediate deep crimson and her eyes filled with tears. 

"What's the matter? Did I do, say something wrong?" I asked.

Mirabelle reached up and brushed a tear away. "No. No you didn't! Thank you for trying to make this whole situation better – that was really sweet of you. I, I have to go..." she stammered and with that she turned and started to wheel her cart off in a hurry. I was dumbfounded and struck with paralysis but even more, I was amazed at how her big round butt was driving me crazy as her summer skirt swayed side to side with her strong stride.

I quickly decided what I had to do so abandoning my cart I limped as fast as I could out the door and waited to the side of the exit. Shortly she emerged and headed for her car. Luck was with me as she didn't see me approach her from behind. She was placing her groceries in the back seat of her car so I did the only thing a reasonable lust struck fool could do. I lay down in the parking lot behind her car and then loudly cleared my throat. Thankfully she heard me before getting in and backing up.

"Oh my god! What are you doing? That is dangerous and stupid... why would you..." Mirabelle was sputtering mad but I held out my hands and started laughing at the scolding she was dishing out. She was pissed but I could seem a gleam in her eye that she understood the situation all too well.

She reached down and took both my hands in hers and saying "idiot", helped me up. 

"So why did you do that dumb stunt Aaron?" she asked.

"I did it so you would have no choice but to say yes... after the way you ran out on me I figured just asking for your number was not going to work" I replied.

"Yes to what?" she asked slowly.

"Dinner, cocktails, a movie, a stroll along the beach, long talks on the phone, coffee, clipping coupons, tiddlywinks, laundry, shopping, brushing teeth together.... anything that's going to allow me to spend time with you." I replied.

Mirabelle looked at me with the strangest questioning look I have ever encountered. 

"Look – I can't believe how beautiful you are. I don't know what it is but I just feel completely at ease with you... which is a bit odd considering the maiming you handed me right from the start. Who are you Mirabelle?" I asked

"Don't keep saying that" she said.

"What are you talking about" I responded.

"Please stop saying I'm beautiful. I'm fat and feel so completely unattractive these days" Mirabelle said quietly.

"But you are... truly and magnificently beautiful – even if you don't see it, I certainly do" I replied.

As we stared at each other her eyes were tearing up again. I didn't know what else to do so I reached around her and hugged her and to my great pleasure I felt her slowly respond by wrapping her arms around and hug me back. I felt her shaking in my arms and was confused. She was sobbing. I was also a little embarrassed as my erection, reinvigorated with contact, was now trapped and pressed between us. Her scent was arresting. My nose was engulfed in her hair and all I could do was keep inhaling the estrogen that was flowing from her body blended with whatever she had used on her hair that morning. It was completely intoxicating and invigorating to the point of driving me mad. I realized that we had been hugging for over a minute so I whispered in her ear "please please please let me take you for a drive and a glass of wine... don't say no or you'll break the trance you have me under!"

Mirabelle pulled back a bit to look in my eyes. "You're serious aren't you?" she asked. "Let me guess – you haven't gotten laid in a while?" She asked with a teasing smirk.

"That doesn't matter Mirabelle. It's you that I need – to know, to spend time with, to gaze at that smile and hear your voice, and that laugh.... Yes, I'm serious about this! And for your information I got laid last night." I grinned.

She looked at me with serious intent and took a moment gazing into my eyes. Gone were the tears; now there was something else - it was there that I wanted to go.

"Ok" Mirabelle said quietly as she coyly glanced downward to where by penis was pressed into her. "I suppose you want to do something about that don't you!" she said a softly. 

"Well, yes – of course ... but first things first – I want to get to know who you are first. Is that ok with you?" I replied.

"This certainly was not how I imagined a trip to the market would turn out" she responded.

At this point I had completely forgotten about my heel but as I shifted it almost gave way again to the pain and I winced.

"Now you're milking it" she laughed. I assured her I was not... "no Dr. Mirabelle, it really does hurt but I am willing to do whatever it takes to be with you today." I replied. "You want to amputate?"

To be continued in part ii