 Joseph couldn't believe he was sitting on Kitty's king-size bed next to Lucy Zadwell. The girl of his dreams and one of his better friends back when he went to school. His hands felt shaky. His heart was beating rapidly. They were alone for the time being. Kitty had locked them in her room so that they could catch up with each other's lives.

"How have you been?" Joseph asked.

"Not bad," Lucy decided. "I've been working at a local grocery store preparing to go insane, but I can't complain. Yourself?"

Joseph looked into her eyes. "The usual. I have been feeling better lately."

They really didn't have much to talk about. They were both kind of nervous about the shoot which would be happening any minute. Lucy would be the first real member of Miracles Website's exclusive club.

"I can't believe we're going to do this," Lucy said astonished. "Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine doing this with you."

"If you don't want to do it, you don't have too," Joseph sounded hurt.

"No, silly. I never thought you'd get out of your depression. You never had the courage to ask me out in high school. I would have said yes. You never wanted to come to my house or anything. You could have gotten lucky."

Joseph smiled and felt warmth in his body. He'd never known Lucy liked him at all. His ears must have been deceiving him, but he knew they weren't.

"I always thought you'd laugh at me if I asked you. Look at me. I'm ugly and you're so beautiful. I never thought I'd have a chance."

Lucy looked into his eyes. "You're not ugly. You have to stop thinking like that. You were always able to cheer me up when I was down, now let me return the favor. Believe me, you're not ugly."

Surprisingly Joseph found himself feeling better. He only wished he could have take back all the lost time that could have been for them. He leaned over and kissed Lucy's lips softly. She smiled at him and lifted his spirits even higher.

"Before you do this," Lucy cut in. "Before this shoot goes down, I have to tell you something. I am still..." she struggled to get the words out of her mouth. "I'm still a virgin."

Surprise seemed to be the word of the day. For a long time Joseph could only stare at Lucy Zadwell. He knew she was most beautiful girl he'd ever seen in his life. He knew he liked her more than any other person he knew in his sad life. She was wearing her white shirt and tight red shorts. Her nipples were sticking out of the white shirt, she wasn't wearing a bra. Her feet were bare. Her legs were shiny and smooth. Her brown hair hung down to the end of her neck. She had dazzling hazel eyes and a smile that could light up the darkest rooms. She was as amazing as an goddess ever written about in text. And Joseph was separated from her by a few inches. But still, the words and left him feeling totally surprised.

"What about all the stories you told me? Your step-father and step-mother. The college guy, the three football players, the biology teacher, what about all them stories?"

"I made them up," she admitted. "I figured you would ask me out if you knew I was slutty. Easy. If you'd have known I was virgin I thought it would have knocked you away from forever."

"That's the craziest thing I ever heard. I would like you no matter what. Nothing mattered to me. Who the hell am I to judge a person.?"

This time it was Lucy who kissed Joseph. They felt each others lips brushed against each other, their tongues roamed each other's mouths. When they broke from each other they both laughed and smiled.

"I've been waiting a long time to tell you that," Lucy told him. "And if I were to lose my virginity to anyone, I'd want it to be you."

They kissed again and than held each other while they waited for Pedro and Kitty.

"You don't mind losing your virginity on camera," Joseph asked her.

"Nope, you're here with me."

Three minutes later Kitty and Pedro came barging though the door. Pedro held his camera. Kitty was naked. Her hair was no longer grass green, but now blood red. So were her pubic hairs.

"This should be interesting," Kitty said. "Our first member. Lucy I'm glad it's you. A young, very attractive beauty like yourself. I was the first to fuck for the sake of the sight, but I'm the founder of the company. People like you and Joseph are what will make or break this website."

The two teenagers paid close attention to what Kitty was saying. Joseph had his arm around Lucy.

"The second shoot will be done in my bedroom. The movies of this site will be essential to the site during our first couple of months. As months go by I will hire someone to make pictures from these movies. It can be done. Horny men will be able download our movies and eventually are pictures off the net, Lucy. This is a special day for you. For all of us."

Joseph found himself wondering how important he and Lucy actually were to Kitty. He wondered if maybe she using him to make money. That didn't make since though. She could have any guy out there to do this job. But she picked him? But why did she pick him? Figuring out that question would solve the whole crazy puzzle.

"Now I need you to step off the bed, Joseph. And Lucy dear, I need you to lay on the bed and pose for the camera when I say action." Kitty turned to Joseph as he got off the bed. "I'll point to you when it's your time to enter the shoot," she told Joseph.

Lucy Zadwell lay on the bed looking more stunning than ever. Joseph could see this from the way Pedro looked at her, and from he was beginning to feel. Kitty had made him really hard that time at the library, but Lucy was driving crazy with lust he'd never felt for a woman before. 

"Action," Kitty shouted. 

Pedro aimed the camera at Lucy. He licked his lips and fingers his black mustache.

The three of them watched Lucy do all different poses for the camera. At the same time she worked her white shirt off. Her breasts were big and more plump than Joseph had realized. In awe he watched Lucy squeeze her titties, then push them up to her juicy lips and suck on her own nipples. Kitty herself couldn't help but too be turned on. Only two minutes into the shoot she was fingering her pussy like a middle age woman gone mad.

Lucy carefully slid her red shorts down her legs. She exposed her shaved pussy for the three of them to admire. She sucked on two of her fingers, and took them deep into her mouth. When her fingers came out of her mouth they sank deep into her pussy. Nobody's eyes could leave this scene. The exotic teenage beauty finger fucked herself with so much passion she gave herself the first orgasm of her life.

It was after this display that Kitty called in Joseph. He slowly made his way to the bed. Lucy stretched his legs far apart for him. Joseph spread her pussy lips with his fingers and began eating out the prettiest girl who ever talked to him. He tasted her juices and flavored them. His tongue swirled around and around.

Pedro moved the camera closer to the action on the bed. Joseph was laying down on the bed and Lucy was pulling down his pants. Lucy gasped at the size of Joseph's penis. In her wildest dreams she could not imagine in being as big as it was.

Lucy Zadwell took the cock deep into her mouth and gave him the best blow job her virgin mouth could give. She took his cock to the back of her throat and gagged several times, but never quit. Pre-cum oozed in her mouth, but she swallowed it eagerly. Nothing was going to ruin this for her.

Kitty was sitting in her chair, glued to the action on the bed. Her fingers moved in and out of her pussy much slower now. She watched Lucy's lips take on Joseph's amazing cock. Her head bobbed up and down quickly, her eyes never left his hardened flesh. Every time she stopped sucking and took the cock out of her mouth to catch a breather, pre-cum would catch to her lips. Everything was so great to watch. She wondered how this would look on camera.

Lucy Zadwell impaled herself on Joseph's penis. She worked his cock into her pussy taking it in carefully. When she had his entire length deep inside her she began to ride his big cock. She held on to his chest and jumped on his big cock. Her big breasts bounced up and down wickedly, moving in the same motion as Lucy. Joseph picked his head up and took her breasts into his hands and mouth. 

Lucy panted and moaned while the giant penis slammed into her already aching pussy. After five minutes of intensely riding Joseph's cock she was taken by multiple orgasms. She would more violent than the last. She came all over the place. She offered Joseph a smile, but he was in his own world for the time being.

Lucy sped up the pace and looked in Joseph's eyes. "I want you to cum all over my face now," she said.

Joseph knew he couldn't hold it in much longer anyway. Kitty slid off his cock and began sucking his cock once more. She took deep into her throat. Joseph found himself thrusting in and out of her mouth while he laid down.

"I'm gonna cum, my God, I'm gonna fucken cum all over your face."

Lucy Zadwell took the cock from her mouth and rubbed it all over her beautiful face. She jerked his cock off fast hoping to get more cum out of that cock than any woman ever could. Joseph shook wildly, and cum began pouring out his cock like crazy. His cum covered her chin and lips first, than took the bridge of her nose and her forehead. She continued to jerk him off, desperate to get more cum out him. A jet cum landed in her brown hair and a few thick gobs of cum landed by her eyes. When Joseph was done cuming, most of Lucy's facial features had disappeared under the white gooey cum she had worked out his cock.

"Beautiful guys," Kitty said. "Cut."

Lucy laid on her back. Pedro came in closer so he could some shots of Lucy's cum covered face.

"Thanks for the facial," Lucy told Joseph.

"Don't mention," Joseph joked as he got dressed. Joseph was pleased with his work. Almost as much as Kitty. He also discovered he was falling in love with Lucy and wanted to spend more time with her.

But was that possible with this job.

Joseph just didn't know. One thing, however, was for sure. Him and Lucy were reunited and felt so good. They were back and better than ever. And Joseph didn't want to ruin that.

When the shoot was over they to a walk to a park a few blocks from Kitty's house. They talked for hours and hours. They made love under the stars. When their incredible night ended they went back to Kitty's house and fell asleep in each other's arms.