 Author's Note: This is the first erotic story I have ever done, based on a semi-true story I had when I went fishing at sea. Of course, I wasn't a sailor, but I did meet a beautiful young lady there who flirted with me the whole trip. This story is more of a fantasy of what could have happened after. It's not my finest, but I can of like it anyway. Enjoy! --Sethleham

***

Golden, long legs and thick lips, delicate. She was about Tom's age, 18, and very pretty. She was wearing a pair of those black hip-hugging shorts and a belly-cut, leaning over the side of his boat, her ass rolling teasingly up like she was ready for him. Tom couldn't help but stare when he knew she wasn't looking.

"Ever fished at sea?" he asked her.

Her long lashes went up and her bright blue eyes trailed toward him.

"No. Is it hard?"

Tom would love to kiss those eyes, suck on those lush lips. To even think to touch her stirred something below.

"It can be... challenging," he said. "What's your name?"

"Lacie. What's yours?"

"Tom."

She stood up to face him, one knee crossing the other, a hip moving out—curves that would feel nice to grab and hold. Tom wanted to be closer, closer... Close enough to smell her in.

"Maybe you could show me some time," she said, smiling now.

Tom nodded.

"That'd be an honor, Lacie."

She laughed and Tom watched her move across port, around the wheel to where her father was standing behind her mother, both gazing out at the the descending sun.

Lacie.

Nice.

***

Tom took them back to the docks soon after the sun faded from sight. He smiled at Lacie, who quickly put a card in his hand. Once they were gone, he looked at it. It was for a beauty salon, which made him want to scratch his head. But upon turning it over, there was written: Lacie—phone...

That night, he imagined having Lacie on the boat with him, both of them alone. He imagined undressing her, feeling her tits, her stomach, her ass. Tom's cock pushed hard against his shorts, which he pulled off and tossed aside. He laid back on his bed and began to knead the ache, fondling his tightening balls with the tips of his free fingers. He stroked, thinking about kissing Lacie, tasting her neck and shoulders. Tasting her breasts and stomach. Licking up between her labia, tasting her heat. Eventually, he stroked until he felt his cum pumping through him, ejecting from his shaft and landing, hot, on his gut.

Sighing, he decided to call her the next day.

***

Lacie was enthusiastic about meeting him, but she wanted to do so on her own turf. She said that she thought he was hot and that she was going to cut to the chase.

"I never do this," she said, "but I want you so bad." Then she gave him the address to her pad. "My dad got it for me when I started college."

"Great. Tonight?"

"Please. Nine o'clock, kay?"

"Sounds great."

***

At nine, he was there with flowers — a bouquet of roses and lilies. When Lacie answered the door, she smiled at the flowers and took them. She smelled them, sighing.

"Nice. Come in..."

Tom wasn't sure what he was expecting, but when he stepped inside he noticed that the apartment had the living room and bedroom as the same room, draped in velvet curtains. On one side of the bed (fluffed with coverlets and teddy bears) was a giant glass mirror. He couldn't but to think what it was for.

"It's one of my favorite toys," she said boldly. "I'm a very visual person."

Lacie put the flowers in a vase as Tom watched her move. She was in a black, short skirt now. Her blouse was loose and open. She had a little eyelash liner on and a little rose-colored lipstick.

"You look very sexy," Tom said.

Lacey laughed, walking back up to him.

"You're pretty hot, yourself, Tom."

Tom leaned in to kiss her and their mouths mingled. He wrapped his arms around her, rubbing her back. She pressed her smaller frame harder against him and he returned the passion. He felt her hands lower down his back, over his buttocks and squeeze. Tom followed suit, rubbing her rear through the skirt and then lowering down to reach under her skirt. He shuddered at the thought of being able to grab that ass and was excited to find that his hands were enveloping naked flesh. Lacie wasn't wearing panties.

With his cock harder than hell, he spread her cheeks and rubbed her anus and pussy with a couple of fingers. She moaned a hot breath on his neck as he pleased her. Her hand reached between his legs and began rubbing his shaft through his jeans.

"That feels so nice," she said. "You're so fucking hard!"

Lacie undid his jeans and pulled them down. His cock stood up, pointing at her with greedy expectation. She grabbed it and her mouth sucked in some of his balls. He groaned as her tongue dashed up and down his shaft and then around his bloated bell. Her lips sucked it in, but her mouth was too small to take more than ¼ of it. Her hands worked the rest of it, stroking him until his veins bulged out from the shaft and pulsed in her hands.

"You're cock looks and tastes so fucking hot. Oh, God, I love the smell of man when he's horny!"

"Oh, jeez... Ah, you are a great cocksucker," Tom said.

Egged on, she puffed until she had to get more air. By this time, he was feeling his balls getting ready to pump, but she let go right on time. Driven nuts by this, he threw her back on her bed and went down to smell the incense of her sex. It was dripping clear juice, already wet from the excitement. He gorged on it, rolling his tongue and smashing his lips against her pussy. He tongued her clit and shoved a couple fingers inside her to hit the g-spot. Before long, she was shaking in an orgasm that made her fall limp.

"Fucking-A, where'd you learn that? I can't move!"

Tom ignored the question and stuck his cock into her. He had to thrust a couple times to get it as deep as it'd go. Each time she whimpered.

Tom raised one leg to see his cock and balls in the mirror. They both watched as he began to ram her hard. His balls swung back and forth as they slapped against her ass. The length of his cock appearing, wet and glossy before it sunk back into that warm hole that was quivering around it.

He tried to last as long as he could, but he couldn't hold off for too long. Finally, Tom pulled out and (watching in the mirror) began to squirt his seed onto her breasts and stomach. He even pointed at her pussy, just to watch the cum build and ooze down her pussy lips.

When the orgasms were over, he laid beside her and looked at the angel.

"Thank you. That's been one of my biggest dreams," Tom said.

"I'm horny again," she said.

She crawled up and began to lick the cum of his cock. Tom just laid there, letting her get him hard again. He watched her in the mirror for a different angle. It was almost like watching a porn movie with him in it. He watched her head bob up and down, her lips puff up as his cock filled her cheeks. And the great part, he could see her ass in the mirror while she was bent over him. Her pussy all wet and shiny.

When he blew his next wad, it was straight into her mouth as he watched her pussy twitch. Lacie used a finger to wipe his cum off her chin and back into her mouth as he smiled at her.

"Fucking awesome," he said.