 My buddy Phil had a constant hard-on for this woman, Miranda, for months and months. Don't get me wrong, she's hot, sexy and smart -- a dangerous combination, no matter who you ask. She was even able to sucker us into helping her move -- to the third floor, no less! We were rewarded in the best way, though -- a smokin' hot threesome and Phil almost didn't close the deal, the chump. 

In the end, Miranda must have liked his shyness because they've been dating for a few months. Sometimes I still join in with them, but this story is just about me... and her.

Phil had to go out of town for a few weeks on business. One night I was at a local bar for happy hour when I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

"So do you come here often?" said a sultry voice and I turned and laughed. Miranda was standing there making a ridiculous, exaggerated sexy face. She giggled and sat next to me. I, along with everyone else at the bar, couldn't take my eyes off her. Miranda was wearing a white blouse that clung just right to her huge breasts, a pencil skirt that accentuated her round, firm ass and thick hips and high heels that made her long legs look even longer. Her long, brown hair flowed and her beautiful face lit up as she spoke. 

Miranda ordered a martini and I kept sipping my beer, making conversation and thinking about how good she gave head, how good it felt to be in her pussy and how great it would feel to get into her ass... but wait a second, this is my buddy's chick, and while it's okay to fuck her when he's there, I don't think he'd like it if I did her while he was gone... I fought the hard-on that was ready to burst through my pants and kept thinking un-sexy thoughts... but they kept drifting back to her huge tits and round ass.

A few drinks later, we were laughing and flirting. I would say something funny and Miranda would laugh and put her hand on my arm. Just that touch was enough to make me dizzy. At one point, she laughed and put her hand on my knee -- and left it there. She leaned in and whispered, 

"How long do we keep playing this game? I was hoping to get out of here and fuck you about an hour ago." I smiled and said, 

"What about Phil?" Miranda replied 

"I'm not talking about Phil. I'm talking about you and me, fucking, right now." That was all I needed to hear. I paid for our drinks and we left the bar. 

On the way back to my house, Miranda kept her hand on my knee, driving me crazy. We pulled into the garage and I killed the engine. She turned to me and gave me a light kiss on the lips. She then proceeded to unzip my pants and pull my hard cock out of my pants. She licked the precum that had leaked out and started sucking on the head. Oh this woman was a dream, I tell you, sucking my dick in my car while we were parked in my garage. She continued to suck my off while I rubbed her back and ass. I started thinking about sliding my cock into her tight ass --something I had never done before -- and I started shooting my load, right then and there. Miranda sucked me like a champ and didn't waste a drop. 

We got out of my car and went inside the house. Miranda asked me for some wine and walked straight into my bedroom. I poured the wine and walked into the bedroom, and I just about dropped the glasses. Miranda was naked and on all fours, right in the middle of my bed. Without even undressing in immediately lay on my back and she lowered her pussy to my face. She kept the hair nice and trimmed and her pussy lips were puffy and wonderful to suck on. 

I started by licking them softly and then I licked right up her slit, finding her hard little clit. She moaned and began pinching her big nipples. I licked and sucked on her pussy while holding her perfect ass cheeks in my hands. I began thinking about fucking her ass again and I felt my cock begin to get hard. I slowed down my licking and slid out from under her. I lay her on her stomach and opened her ass cheeks, taking in that beautiful little brown nub. I began to lick it and Miranda shuddered, gripping the sides of the mattress. I knew, with that small act, that I would be in her ass before the night was over. 

I undressed and Miranda turned onto her back, fingering her clit and watching me, licking her lips. I loved this girl's body. She had heavy, natural tits, big brown nipples, a flat stomach, thick hips, strong thighs and a pussy so beautiful that I could look at it all day. I stood at the foot of the bed, stroking my cock slowly while she lay on the bed, fingering her clit with one hand and pinching her nipple with the other. We watched each other masturbate until I couldn't take it anymore. I crawled onto the bed and lay on top of her, in between her legs, with my cock resting against her slit. I kissed her beautiful mouth and began working on her neck, then down to her tits. I licked one nipple, then the other, driving her insane. 

Miranda was writhing against my cock, lifting her hips up, trying to get me into her hole. My cock was rigid and I wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer. I raised my hips and pulled back a bit while she opened her legs even wider and I slid into her warm, wet pussy. Both of us moaned at the sensation and I stayed inside her for a minute, loving the feeling. 

I leaned in and took a nipple back in my mouth and began sliding in and out of her, slowly, working my thick cock in as deep as I could before pulling out and pushing back in. Miranda kept running her fingers through my hair, scratching my back and shoulders lightly and moaning my name over and over. She wrapped her long legs around my waist and moved with me as I fucked her. She looked so beautiful and I couldn't help but moan as well. When I moaned her name she got really turned on and said, 

"fuck me Carl, fuck me harder." 

I picked up the tempo and began pushing into her harder. 

"Faster, please, fuck me faster!" she moaned and I got up on my knees, pushing her legs back a bit and fucking her faster and harder. The headboard was banging against the wall; her tits were jumping with every thrust and she was pulling at the sheets, moaning loudly. When her orgasm hit, she arched her back, went silent and then let out a loud moan. Without thinking, I said, 

"who's pussy is it baby?" 

"Yours, Carl, yours!" she moaned. 

"Tell me again Miranda. Who's pussy is it?" I panted, loving the way she said it was mine. 

"Yours baby, since the first time you fucked me, it's yours!" I was just going with what felt right and said 

"you gonna give me your ass too?" Miranda pushed herself up on her arms and looked dead in the eye and said 

"take it." I nearly came. 

"You sure I can have it?" I asked, teasing. 

"Take it, it's yours. Take it," she moaned, cumming again. I fucked her for a bit longer and then pulled out. I got up and went to the bathroom to retrieve the lube, with a raging hard-on sticking out from me. She sipped some more wine and settled back on the pillows. She looked so hot! I turned her onto her hands and knees and got behind her, pushing my cock back into her pussy. I put a little lube on my finger and began playing with her ass. I slid my finger and felt how tight it is in there. I put a little more lube and pushed my finger in further. Miranda mumbled something and I asked what she 

said. 

"Put your cock in my ass!" she said. I pulled out of her pussy and spread some lube on my cock. I pushed the head into her ass and held it while she gasped and adjusted to the size. When she relaxed, I pushed further and she tensed up, from pain I guess. I pulled back a little and rubbed her back, massaged her ass and said 

"relax baby... It's me... I'll be gentle... Just relax and take it baby... take it." My whispered words relaxed her and I felt her ass open like a flower and I pushed in further, slowly. When I was about three quarters of the way in, I stopped and rubbed her back again. 

"How is it baby?" I asked. She purred a response and I knew she was okay. I started to pull out and push in a little, opening her up. As she completely started to relax, I began moving faster. I held onto her perfect ass as I began to fuck it and it was so tight and warm and wonderful, I can't begin to describe it. I gave her ass a light slap and she moaned again, so I spanked her again and began fucking her faster. She was moving with me and gripping at the bed. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer and I began fucking her faster, moaning her name over and over and when I was about to cum, I gripped her hips, pushed in all the way and yelled out her name. 

My cum shot into her ass and I stayed in her, panting and trying to catch my breath and not fall over. Finally, I pulled out and Miranda lay flat and I collapsed next to her. I leaned in and kissed her and she said 

"now THAT was the kind of fuck that I needed. You are wonderful." I nodded but couldn't reply and she just laughed and got up and went into the bathroom. I finally was able to get up and I went into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle of wine and some water and went back into the bedroom. We lay in bed and laughed and sipped on the wine. I asked Miranda to stay the night and she said only if she could take a shower. 

I joined her and we simply stood under the water and kissed. It was wonderful and I knew that something more than sex was happening between us. I also knew that there was no way I could go back to just being the third guy... hell, there was no way I would have shared this woman with anyone. Little did I know that Miranda felt the same way...