 As I lay there - staring out of the window across the room -, I could see the brightness of the moon cascading down through the branches of the old oak tree outside. It was winter now, and there were no leaves left on the long woody stems -, the silvery light bounced off each branch and left a surreal glow.

I sat up and swung my legs around to place them on the thickly carpeted floor.  My bare feet sinking into the pile; my toes wiggling, feeling the soft fibres trying to close around them. I sighed and got to my feet. Tonight was going to be a long one. I only hoped the usual tedium wouldn't drag me down as it often tried to.

I walked into my bathroom and turned on the shower. Whilst I waited for the water to reach its optimal temperature, I admired my body in the full length mirror on the back of the now closed door. I stood straight, reaching my full 5' 6" height. I gazed at my red wavy hair that flowed smoothly down to my slender waist, my bright and sparkling hazel eyes that became greener in summer and browner in winter, and my round face with pouty lips that begged to be kissed but never were lately. I lowered my eyes and gazed at my breasts in the mirror. They weren't large by any stretch of the imagination - a 34C in size - but shapely and firm, with large, dark aureoles that led the eye to the delicate, round nipples.

The mirror then began to steam up from the now hot shower, so I quickly stepped into the cubicle and showered, taking care to cleanse every inch of my body. I poured some liquid soap into my palm and began to lather my body - working in long, firm strokes over my arms and legs. As I lathered and washed, I allowed the water to cascade over my body, rinsing and making my skin tingle as each droplet exploded on contact then ran down to caress my naked flesh and wash away the nights dirt into the drain.

After washing my hair, I stepped out of the shower and reached for a large fluffy white towel to dry myself. I didn't have time for a long soothing pat dry, so I vigorously dried my body. As I reached between my legs to dry my thighs and centre, I suddenly wished I had someone to do this for me - someone who would lovingly rub the towel over me, teasing me gently. My mind began to imagine a tall, blond haired man with muscles that were firm and toned and large hands that were so gentle - just imagining those hands reaching my core with the towel sent shivers through me.I broke my reverie and dried my hair, then walked back into my bedroom to dress and get ready for work.

I arrived at the club and, after chatting with the doormen, walked through to the office. I made a fresh pot of coffee and sat down at the desk to read the mail. Starting this club had been a dream of mine that had finally been realised two years ago. It had taken me a year to find staff that I trusted and the manager I had hired was certainly worthy of the trust. Six months ago I had given him more responsibilities and that meant I could cut my hours and take time out to enjoy the world again - eighteen months of spending sixteen hours a day working had been taking its toll on me.

I was just reading through an invoice from the building contractors for some refurbishments they had done when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw Tom, my manager, looking down at me.

"Need another coffee?", he asked. "Thanks, but I think I'll finish this one and then head out to check the cleaners have done their jobs properly", I replied. "Okay", Tom said cheerfully, "You might want to check the gents too, I've not had time to yet. I've got to restock the barrels"

I finished reading the days mail and yet again had let my coffee go cold. I was so bad for doing that. I couldn't remember the last time I had ever managed to drink a full cup. I got up and headed out into the main area of the club - there were two bar areas either side of the club, and one huge dance floor in the middle. The D.J.'s booth was elevated and we quite often managed to have big name D.J.s performing with us. I checked the areas, making sure everything was clean and tidy, that there were no obstructions to doorways and headed off to the back of the club to check the facilities.

I entered the ladies first and the scent of perfume caught me as soon as I opened the door. The air conditioning in the ladies was on a different circuit to the rest of the club, it had an auto timed switch that sprayed a mist of delicate scent into the vents and then the fans would push it out into the room making it more welcoming. After all, ladies spent more time in this room than the men did in theirs.

I checked all the stalls and made sure the bins had been emptied and everything replenished before looking at my watch and seeing we had only an hour now till opening time. I walked back out and headed for the gents. Even after seeing this room for these two years, it still held an air of school girl curiosity for me. Upon entering, there was no scent to welcome me, just the clean smell of disinfectant. I quickly worked my way around, checking the urinals and stalls. It wasn't that I distrusted my cleaners, just that I had a habit of double checking everything - just to satisfy myself everything was being done to make this one of the best clubs around... I had worked damned hard on this club and I had made sure both the ladies and gents facilities did not look and feel like an outhouse.

As I headed back towards the door, I caught sight of myself in the large mirrors on the wall by the hand basins. I walked forward and, looking into them, adjusted my hair - stray tendrils had given me the look of someone who had rushed about.

Running my fingers through my hair, I began to think back to earlier and drifted off into my imaginings again. My tall, blond man was walking up behind me, a sultry smile on his lips, I kept my eyes focussed on the mirror as he put his hand on my hips and pressed his body close to mine. Leaning his head down and using his chin to brush my hair out of the way, he began to softly brush his lips over my neck. His tongue slaked out and trailed across the side of neck making me whimper in delight. I did not dare close my eyes for fear that, if I did, the dream would vanish and the ultra realistic sensations of his tongue on my skin would disappear too.

His mouth worked its way upward to my ear, gently pulling on the lobe with his lips - his tongue flicking at the edge - whilst his hands teasingly moved up my sides, moving over my ribcage, his thumbs pressing firmly but gently in to my lace covered skin. I could feel my body getting hotter, skin tingling and yearning to be touched. As his hands reached even further up and his fingers brushed the sides of my breasts, I gasped.The audible sound brought me to my senses and I span around, only to come face to face with the man in my dreams. I stood there agape, my chest heaving with my laboured breaths.

He smiled and lowered his head, his lips finding mine and pressing firmly, his tongue flat and pushing against my lips trying to part them. I stood there transfixed, trying to understand what was happening. He began to trace the outline of my lips with the tip of his tongue and I felt a shudder run through me. His hands moved to the outsides of my thighs and worked their ways upwards, pulling my skirt up with them. My lips began to part of their own volition and I closed my eyes.

My mind was working against my body, trying to figure out how this could be happening. I hadn't heard a door opening. My body meanwhile was becoming alive as he dragged my skirt up over my hips and his tongue invaded my mouth - exploring, tasting, catching my tongue and swirling his around it. He placed his hands either side of my hips and hoisted me up, placing me gently down onto the countertop that held the basins. I wrapped my arms around his neck and leaned into the kiss, soft murmurs escaping my throat as he tugged on my bottom lip.

His hands moved to my lace top and slowly his fingers worked to undo the three buttons that held it closed. When he had undone the final button, he ran his long fingers up my arms - the nerve endings awakening as he passed over them. He reached my hands and unfolded them from around his neck, placing them down by my sides. Then, hooking his fingers into the lapels of my lace top and pushing it off my shoulders, he let it fall down my arms, exposing me in my bra-less glory. I let out a moan of emptiness as he broke the kiss and pulled away from me slightly.

"You're so beautiful", he whispered, as he lowered his head and took one of my now erect nipples into his mouth. My back arched with the sudden jolt of pleasure and I pressed myself to his mouth, urging him to take more. Teeth began to lightly graze over my nipple and I felt his other hand begin to knead my free breast and tweak at the centre, his fingers squeezing my nipple enough to make me gasp. I curled my fingers into his hair and moaned softly as his tongue twirled around my nipple and aureole. When his mouth moved away, the cool air rushed to the wet trails and only heightened the sensations more.

I took hold of one of his hands and guided it to the inside of my thighs - I was on fire and I knew only he could quench the flames. His hand moved upwards, thumbs grazing the skin till he reached the warmth of my womanhood. Spreading my legs further apart, he moved his fingers to me and ran them full length up my lips, covered by a thin veil of cloth. I watched his eyes as he gazed at his fingers working them up and down in long strokes, always stopping just before he would reach my small nub.

The passion in his eyes and the pleasure his fingers were giving me, drove me insane. My breathing was ragged, I needed this man to take me - my inner sanctum craved it. I tilted my head backwards and began to knead one of my breasts, pulling and tugging on the nipple as he pulled aside the cloth covering my wetness and pushed two fingers passed the lips and into me. 

"Look at me!", he commanded. I slowly complied and lifted my head. I didn't want to think, didn't want to breathe, didn't want him to stop his ministrations of my body. His eyes held mine in a tight lock as he pushed his fingers even deeper into my burning depths, withdrawing them to the point of almost being out, then driving them back in, the pad of his thumb rubbing my little nub. I could feel my body begin to tense, waves of electric pleasure ran through me. My breathing was coming out in short little pants and I struggled to keep my eyes open. Just as I thought I could no longer take this intense pleasure, he quickly lowered his head and sucked my nub into his mouth, his teeth gently grazing, his tongue flicking over the end of it. I exploded right there and then in the biggest orgasm I'd ever known. My eyes clouded over, my breath held fast in my lungs, my whole body spasmed and shuddered. Slowly I began to regain some sense of where I was as he pulled his fingers out of me and softly licked at my juices.

I sat up straight and he offered me his fingers. I took them one by one into my mouth, slowly sucking and licking up and down each one, tasting myself on them. Looking up at him through my eyelashes, I could see him breathing faster - obviously enjoying what I was doing. 

I slid off the countertop and he caught me as my legs wobbled. I kissed him passionately, pressing my body hard against him and feeling his erect member against my stomach. I moved my hands down to his waist and unfastened his trousers, pulling them off his hips and letting them fall to the ground. Needing to see more, I carefully began to remove his underwear, moving my body downwards as I did so until I was on my knees, face to face with this huge throbbing erection. Oh god, how I needed that inside me - but I wanted to give him as much pleasure as he had just given me.

Taking his member in one of my hands, I slowly ran it up and down the full length of his shaft. Gazing at it, snaking my tongue out, I began to lightly lick from the base of the shaft to the tip. Hearing him moan only made me want more and, as I reached the tip, I swirled my tongue around it then took the head into my mouth, pushing it passed my lips. His hands came to the back of my head and he began to thrust his hips forwards. I took as much of him into my mouth as I could, using my tongue to tease and lick, keeping my lips tightly sealed against him.

After a few more thrusts he pulled away from my mouth and yanked me to my feet, turning me around and pushing me against the countertop. I gasped with the speed and the thrill of it. No-one had ever done this to me before. He leaned in close, rubbing the tip of his manhood against my rear. Growling in my ear he said, "I want you now, I'm going to take you - hard and fast".  He spread my legs wider with one of his feet and pressed his member against my inner lips. 

"Hope you're ready baby", he grunted.Grasping the back of my hips, he thrust himself inside me - stretching my inner walls, my wetness surrounding him. I cried out with the shock and sheer lustful pleasure of it. My tummy was pressed against the edge of the countertop, there was no way I could move forward. Thrusting into me again and again, he grunted his pleasure each time as I pushed my hips back, matching his rhythm - the friction was intense, he filled me like no other had ever done.

He leaned his upper body back to see himself sliding in and out of me - the thought of him watching that made me even more excited and I moved one of my hands down passed my tummy and between my legs- rubbing at my nub and lips, feeling for his shaft, then sliding a finger inside myself next to his big hard member, moving it in time with his thrusts.

Feeling the wet inside my hot centre coupled with his swelling manhood thrusting in and out of me began to tip me over the edge again - I cried out again and again and his thrusts became faster and deeper. I rubbed at my little nub faster and could feel the waves of my second orgasm building.

He slapped my ass cheeks as he pounded me harder - the stinging thrilled and took me over the edge. I threw my head back, arched my back downwards and screamed my orgasm. I heard him shout something and through my haze I cried:

"Yes! Oh God, yes! Come in me, Tom! Fill me! Now, Tom - now!!"

I felt him shudder and spill his seed within me. With one last thrust he emptied himself into my depths. He leant forward, breathless, and kissed my bare shoulder.

"You are just as sexy as I've always fantasised you to be.", he whispered.

I no longer dream about a tall, blond, muscular man. I don't need to - I just open my eyes and there he is.