 The cool night air seeps in from the open window as I sit alone in front of the mirror. My body is lightly clothed, a soft white almost lace like wrap moves sensuously over my curves as I lift my arms and run a hairbrush through the length of my soft chestnut tresses.

The breeze chills my skin, makes my nipples pucker into hard points as I drop the brush and move my hands over myself. 

I open my palms, rubbing then clockwise, brushing over the tips of my breasts. The heat of my hands and the coolness of my skin excites me, making a flutter start low in my belly. I watch my hands in the mirror, strumming over my nipples then squeezing and kneading my breasts slowly, rolling and pinching the tips through the thin material.

I close my eyes and imagine your hands on my body, your breath on my neck as you tease me, your rough fingers plucking my nipples and my pussy starts to tingle, I feel my moisture seeping from me as I lose myself in my daydream.

I lean back in my chair and open my legs wide, opening my robe and letting it fall over the back of the chair. I open my eyes and look at myself again, my pussy is wet, I can see the sheen of juices on my slit in the low light. My nipples are hard and dark pink from me teasing them. My face flushed and my eyes hungry.

I look in the mirror and see you doorway behind me, leaning against the doorframe. Your eyes move over me and a small smile twists the corners of your mouth. I move my hands under my breasts, lifting them and offering them to you as our eyes hold in the mirror. A low moan escapes my lips as I lift one higher and flick my tongue out, wetting the tip of one, then the other. I squeeze them tight, pinching my nipples between my fingers as I watch your face. 

I open my mouth to speak, but you cut me off before I can.

"Shhh," you bring your finger to your lips and shush me, your eyes on my hands. "Pinch your nipples baby." 

Your voice is both rough and smooth, like gravel under velvet and a shiver runs down my spine as I obey, pinching just the tips between my thumbs and fingers. The feeling is magnified a thousand fold with your eyes on me.

"Squeeze them...show me how you want me to play with them." 

I watch your face behind me as I knead the soft flesh in my hands, tugging my nips, rolling them between my fingers, pinching then hard, just on the border of pain. 

My pussy is on fire as I taunt myself, my breasts feel swollen, my nipples throbbing. I lock eyes with you in the mirror and slowly slide one of my hands lower, down my torso and I cup my pussy in my palm. Im hot and sopping wet as I rub the flat of my hand against the lips of my sex. I moan loud as I grind my clit against it, smiling as I see your hand rub your cock through the thick worn denim of your jeans.

"Open yourself for me...let me see baby."

I open my legs even wider and move both hands down, pulling open the lips of my sex, I can see my moisture glistening on my heated flesh in my reflection, my clit hard and standing at attention, its hood pulled back. I moan as the cool air hits me. I'm so fucking horny I think ill explode if I don't touch myself there, and soon.

"Finger yourself baby...fuck yourself with your hands, but don't come yet."

I watch you as I run my fingertips up and down my slit, teasing us both. I cry out as I lightly brush over my sensitive nub, the light touch almost like electric shock as my body jerks a bit. I let my hands trail lower, circling my opening with one fingertip then slowly pushing it into my heat.

I moan as I slide first one finger, then two into my sex. I lift my hips and push them out as I glance at my hand in the mirror. My light fingers slipping between the swollen lips of my dark pink cunt. I add a third finger and I feel the stirrings of orgasm fluttering in my lower abdomen. Im so close, a light flick of my clit and I would explode.

I watch as you move behind my chair, your hands reaching down, your breath hot on the back of my neck as you cup my breasts in your hands and squeeze them roughly, pinching my nipples hard as you sink your teeth into the tender skin of my shoulder. 

Your eyes watch as my fingers move faster, my wrist hitting the lips of my sex and teasing my clit as I fill myself over and over.

"You want to come baby?" Your fingertips roll my nipples back and forth as my body rocks against my hand.

"Yesss." 

My voice is breathy, my face flushed as I watch your tanned hands move lower over my ivory colored skin. The contrast is erotic, the dark and the light. Your fingertips gently spread me open, one finger presses against the side of my clit. I cry out as I shift, giving you better access and trying to press myself full on against your finger. 

"You want me to make you come?" 

"Oh god baby...please...I need it so bad!" My hand slams in and out of my pussy, Im right there...just need a little touch, a caress.

"Then come." As you speak the words to me your finger moves, flicking hard and fast against my nub. 

I cry out as my body stiffens and my pussy contracts tight around my still moving fingers. I arch my back; stopping my hand and letting the sensations travel up and down my body as my body grips my fingers tight. Your hand doesn't slow, you keep flicking me and pinching the sensitive button, showing my no mercy as I writhe and shake on the chair.

I glance in the mirror as my body calms, my hair is messed, my eyes wild. A deep blush spread over my chest. You smile as you take me by my hands and pull me up then place them palms down on the small table in front of the mirror.

I watch as you step behind me, I hear you open your jeans and I widen my stance. My body is on fire, I need you inside me. 

I feel you press close, the heat from your body all along my back as the head of your cock slides over the length of my slit. I moan as your hands grip my hips and you rub yourself against me, getting your cock wet with my juices and teasing me into a frenzy at the same time.

I tilt my hips as you slide against me, trying to lead you inside. I hear your low laugh in my ear as you sense my eagerness.

"You want me baby," your voice purrs in my ear as you slide your cock back and forth, "You want my hard cock in this wet little cunt?"

I look at you in the mirror, and can only nod and moan my agreement. Your eyes meet mine as you grip the base of your cock and nudge it against the opening to my body. I watch your face as I feel you enter me; filling me with your hardness. Your eyes close and a look of sheer ecstasy crosses your face as you slide in slow, feeling every inch of your cock being squeezed my the hot, wet velvet of my body.

I cry out as you pull back, then slam into me hard. I grip the edge of the table and watch you in the mirror, your eyes are closed, your head is tilted back a bit as you start to pound into me. The sensations build fast as I push back against you, rolling my hips in time with your thrusts. 

You open your eyes and watch me, my whole body moving with yours. Your hands slide up my sides and you cup my breasts in your hands, pinching my nipples hard as your balls slap against my pussy. One hand slides lower and I feel your fingertips rubbing over my clit. I cry out loud as I come, locking my knees as my juices coat your cock and my pussy clenches tight around your shaft. 

Your moans fill my ears as you feel my body respond to yours. Your hands slide down to my hips and grip me tight as your cock pistons in and out of my pussy, the sounds of your flesh slapping against mine make me hotter, the friction of your cock moving inside me sends shivers down my spine, ending right at my clit, bringing me closer and closer...then pushing me over again.

I scream loud as I find my pleasure. My whole body shakes from the intensity as I clamp down tight around your cock, my hand comes around and I dig my fingers into your ass, holding you inside me as I clench and unclench around you. You half moan and half grunt moving your hips in a little circle, rubbing the walls of my pussy as your cock explodes, feeling every spasm, every tightening of my sex as it milks you, your shaft jumps and pulses deep inside me.

I look at your reflection, your eyes rolled back in your head and your mouth open. I smile as I grip around you tight, finding pleasure in the fact that its me that is making you feel like this, me giving you this much pleasure.

Your body relaxes as you nuzzle my neck and kiss my lightly behind my ear, "I love you beautiful." 

Your words make me smile and a warm feeling envelopes my whole body. I feel your cock soften and slowly recede from me, our mixed fluids gradually seeping from my body and trailing down the inside of my thighs. 

I turn and kiss you, your lips are soft and sweet, the velvet of your tongue strokes against mine as you wrap your arms around me and hold me close. You lean into me and whisper in my ear, 

"Meeeeowwwrrrr." I pull back and look up at you confused, your mouth moves again... "Meeeoooowrrrr."

I sputter as I open my eyes, my cats fur in my eyes as she meows loudly right in my face, the morning sunlight coming in through my bedroom window, assaulting my eyes.

Remembering our date tonight, I push the cat to the floor, angry that the little bugger tore me away from you, but forming a plan in my head. 

I get up and search through my closet, pulling out my lacy white wrap; I glance towards my old fashioned vanity in the corner of my bedroom. 

Maybe tonight I can make my dream a reality.