 All characters 18 or over.

*****

When the graduation ceremony was over, William was left feeling empty as he was congratulated by his parents, for the one person who he had wished to be there was absent: Miss Ferland, his English teacher. After the ceremony was over, he knew that he would have to see her. Once he was free of his parents, he, after telling them that he wanted some time alone, still in his cap and gown, went back into the main wing of the high school to find the teacher with whom he was so intimate.

William most certainly did not expect to find her there, but Miss Ferland happened to be in her classroom, packing up and preparing to go home after a long day of work. He immediately smiled upon seeing to teacher for whom he shared such a close relationship. Miss Ferland, twenty-six, was pronounced beautiful by all who knew her. Her figure was slight and graceful, inclining to fragility. The wax-like pallor of her face was almost spiritual in its alabaster purity. Her rosebud mouth was a genuine Cupid's bow. Her hands were of finely veined ivory with tapering fingers as white as milk. There was an innate refinement about her which was unmistakably evinced in her delicate hands and high arched instep. Her face was softly featured, bearing, at times, a tense look that carries a suppressed meaning that imparted a strange yearning tendency to her beautiful eyes, a charm which few could resist. Her eyes were bronze, set off by lustrous lashes and dark, expressive brows. But the crowning glory to Miss Ferland was her wonderful wealth of hair. It was dark brown with a natural wave in it. 

For the instant, she was stressed and frustrated. She had loads of work that needed completion, and she was deeply behind on her grading. When she heard William knock on her door and enter, she was incredibly pleased to see him, as if his presence had melted away her problems. She had known him from years before she taught him. After all, they were both members of the same church, and he had been involved in the book club that she ran at the school for years. She was no stranger with William, having formed a bond that, although still professional up till then, was closer than she had ever been with a student. Memories of the days when he would come into her classroom on her break and talk to her flooded into her mind. They talked about literature, what went on in each other's lives, and she often gave him advice. It wasn't until he was a junior that he had her for an English class; by then, they were already extremely intimate. She knew that he had a crush on her but had done her best to ignore until then. Nonetheless, she, in a way, loved him much like a parent loves a child.

"Ah, hello, Will!" she exclaimed upon seeing him enter. "Congratulations! This is a very special day for you!"

"Thank you, Miss Ferland," William responded, taking a seat at a desk near her own. "I managed to get an honors diploma as well."

"I heard. That's a run honor; pun intended."

William laughed. "Yeah, it sure is." Diverting his attention away from Miss Ferland, he scanned the room around him. He had become so familiar with the room over the years that it was almost like a second home for him. 

"I must admit," he continued, "although I'm really not going to miss most aspects of high school, I'm definitely going to miss you and this room."

"Aw, thanks Will. You make sure you stop by occasionally, you hear me? If you don't I'm going to be real mad."

Again, he laughed. "You won't have to worry about a thing, Miss Ferland."

After that, silence reigned between the two. Suddenly, William's face turned red. Here it goes, he thought; better say it now while I can.

"Um, Miss Ferland?"

"Yes?"

"I just wanted to say that over the years, I've come to really admire you. You've been an extremely important person in my life, and I want you to know that I've really come to appreciate you as a teacher." 

Again, silence resumed. Miss Ferland had no idea how to respond at first. She knew that he liked her. Her response should have been simple: that they could only share a professional relationship. Yet, she found herself struggling to say that. In truth, she had recently been in a breakup with her boyfriend and was still recovering from the heartbreak of it. Looking at William, she, for the first time, really did want him. She bit her lip. But what if they got caught? After all, there's always stories in the news about teachers who get fired because they get caught sleeping with their students. But then again, he wasn't her student anymore. 

Without a word, Miss Ferland went over to the door of her classroom, shut it, and locked it. Then, she turned back to William. 

"Will," she said, "you have a crush on me, don't you?"

William was taken aback by what she said. Of all the things he could have expected her to say, that was low one the list. Initially, he knew that he should have denied it, but, when he spoke, he said, "Yes, I've had a crush on you for some time."

After saying that, William's face was cherry red. Silence once again descended on the room. Then, after some time, Miss Ferland said, "Will, I don't want you to speak to anyone of what we're about to do, okay? Can you promise that?"

William knew exactly what she was talking about. "Yes, Miss Ferland," he responded.

William was trembling, not from fear, but from anticipation of what was to come next. Part of him wanted to stop this before he got into trouble, but his lust for Miss Ferland won in the end. Gingerly, Miss Ferland began to take off her clothes, starting with her yellow blouse. After she had this off, she slipped off her trousers, leaving her with only her underwear. 

"Come on," she pleaded. "I can't be the only one to get undressed."

"Oh, yes!" exclaimed William. He too stripped down to his boxers after taking off his gown and clothes he had on underneath. 

Then, they were both in their underwear, staring at each other from opposite ends of the room, both cherry red in the face. Although this wasn't Miss Ferland's first time, she had never exposed herself like this to a student, and, as such, was incredibly nervous. William now couldn't hide his erection at seeing his nearly naked teacher. Her breasts, although small, were perky, and he wished to see her bra removed. 

"Miss Ferland..." he mumbled, lust taking over him, as exemplified by his voice. 

"It's okay," she said. "Come closer."

He came up to her until there was less than a foot's distance between them. William could swear that he could even feel her breath on his chest. Carefully, Miss Ferland sat down on a desk, ignoring the cold surface of it. Beckoning him forth, she allowed him to sit on her lap on the desk, facing her. Then, in what only seemed natural, he kissed her on the lips. The kiss was a long and passionate one, as if the years of pent up passion on William's side were flowing into the kiss. He immediately invaded her mouth and began to explore with his tongue. Meanwhile, to hold him up, she grasped his ass, while he reached behind her back to undo her bra.

Once her got it unclasped, he reached for her breasts and began to fondle them. Now, the battle between who was in control of the kiss raged as Miss Ferland began a campaign to gain dominance. Eventually, they parted the kiss. They were both panting and moaning at this point. 

Miss Ferland, after catching her breath, said, "Is this your first time, Will?" 

"Yes, it is," he responded. 

She smiled. "Then I'm honored to be your first."

With that, Will gained renewed strength and began to ravish her neck before they kissed some more. Eventually, he got tired of feeling her breasts, and he looked down at them, awaiting permission to use his mouth. 

"You can suck them if you want," she said. "Please, go ahead."

Leaning down, he help one of her breasts up to his mouth. Then, he carefully descended on her right nipple and began to suck on it like a baby hungry for milk. Miss Ferland, in response, one hand still on his ass, used her other hand to ruffle his hair as he sucked harder on her tit. As William sucked on her one tit, he caressed and pinched the nipple of the other. Although they were small, William began to fall in love with Miss Ferland's breasts; and she loved having them sucked by him, as if her breasts were a symbol of their passion for each other. Like a vampire bat feeding off one of its victims, William attacked her breast ravenously, biting and pinching her nipples; also, his tongue made swirls around her areola. She was moaning and yelping in pleasure to the tune of his bites and nibbles. Eventually, he switched to the other breast and repeated the process, exciting more fresh moans from Miss Ferland. She was now hugging his head to her chest, smothering him with her breasts. 

"Miss Ferland," William would occasionally mumble as his face was pressed against her chest. 

Presently, they decided to move on from her breasts. Miss Ferland laid back on the desk, spread her legs, and exposed her soaked cunt to William. William didn't need permission. Gingerly, he spread the folds of her cunt and began to prob around her vagina, shocked by how beautiful it was. Then, in what could only be considered an act of bravery, he delved his finger into her cunt. He hoped that he didn't have any cubicles as he stuck his finger around inside her. At first, he was amazed by the tightness and warmth of her vagina. As he probed around in it with his pointer finger, he excited moans and grunts from Miss Ferland. Then, after he was sure that he had tortured Miss Ferland enough, William put a second and third finger into her vagina and began to finger fuck her. By then his fingers were soaked in her juices, and she was whimpering like a dog deprived of food. 

Then, WIlliam got a brilliant idea. Taking his three fingers out of her drenched cunt, he, with his nimble tongue, inched his head closer to the sweet spot in between her legs until he gave her vagina a prolonged, dynamic lick. The taste of her juices were strange to him: almost like watery sauerkraut. Yet, he wanted more. He continued to lick her like an ice cream cone until he felt brave enough to stick his tongue inside her cunt. What resulted was a marvelous—and marvelous for both parties—tongue fucking. Although William couldn't get used to the taste, the moans and the way Miss Ferland hugged his head with her legs gave him good indication that he was pleasuring her substantially; and that, to William, was the ultimate goal for him. 

"Oh my God, Will!" she cried as he continued to tongue fuck her cunt. 

Encouraged by her gratitude towards him, he continued to pleasure her orally with renewed vigor, until, like a cannon, fluid was expulsed from her cunt and onto the nose and lips of William. She hugged him tightly with her legs now, allowing for little breathing room, but he didn't care.

After she relinquished hold of his head, he once again rose to meet her eyes. Tears were streaming down from them, and Miss Ferland seemed to be in absolute bliss. She smiled at him as if he had just saved her life from some terrible catastrophe. They both knew what was coming next, and William wanted to make sure that she was comfortable with it, so he asked, "Are you sure you're okay with this?"

"Yes," she said. "I'm positive. Come. Let's move this over to my chair." 

Although Miss Ferland knew of the dangers of what they were about to do at this point, she didn't care. Even her ex boyfriend hadn't put so much passion into pleasuring her as William was now. She needed him now. They both walked over to Miss Ferland's office chair by her desk. It was a large and comfortable chair that Miss Ferland had thoroughly enjoyed. She beckoned William to sit in it first, followed by herself, who sat on his lap and faced him. 

Then, she rose and slid down onto his erect dick. As William's penis slid inside her, Miss Ferland once again went back to the whimpering. She couldn't deny that William was huge. Just how big was his dick? she wondered. Seven inches? It had to be close. And William, overcome with the warmth and tightness of her vagina, moaned himself as he inched his way into her. After what felt like an eternity of time, he was completely inside her. They both looked at each other, and, as if by instinct, kissed passionately. Then, she began to slide up and down on his dick. 

In what followed, the emotions of the two lovers overflowed. They both moaned each other's names and each felt a pleasure they'd never felt before in their entire lives. A strangely fulfilling fullness and warmth was felt by Miss Ferland as she rode his cock. And William experienced an unbelievable pressure hugging his cock. The two were like this for some time, she riding him, he holding her hips and occasionally kissing her, both trying to keep their moans down lest anyone was still in the school. 

Halfway through, William, having a revelation, decided he couldn't hold back his feelings from Miss Ferland any longer. 

"I love you, Miss Ferland," he said as she rode him. "I really love you."

Miss Ferland, upon hearing him, found herself at a loss for words. In the end, all she could say was what felt right to say, which was: "I love you too."

The two continued to kiss more passionately, and William held onto Miss Ferland's breasts as she picked up her pace. After years of masturbating to Miss Ferland, he had not expected this to ever happen, but here he was, having sex with her. 

Although he tried to hold out for as long as he could, William eventually found himself unable to hold back any longer.

"I'm going to cum soon," he said.

"Okay," she said. 

Quickly she got off him and came down to the floor in time to encase William's penis in her mouth, accepting his load of cum as it shot down her throat. William breathed a heavy sigh of pleasure as he released his load. Miss Ferland, although dissatisfied with the taste of his sperm, swallowed it all nonetheless, for she felt that she owed that much to William. After she had swallowed it all, she worked on licking his dick clean, while William, spent and tired, collapsed into the chair. After this, Miss Ferland climbed once again onto William's lap and put her arms around his neck and kissed him. 

They stayed like that for a few minutes before Miss Ferland said, "We can't stay like this. You need to get going."

"Miss Ferland..." he groaned. 

"It's okay. This doesn't have to be the last time we do this. Now, you need to leave here."

"Okay."

Grudgingly, William put on his gown once again. Before leaving, he looked back at Miss Ferland, sitting naked in her chair. 

"I really do love you," he said. 

"And I really do love you as well."

After that, he left her classroom. But their story did not end there. Indeed, William would visit her often during his college years, and they would have sex almost every time that they could. Sometimes it was in the nostalgic classroom, while other times it was in a hotel room where they could fully appreciate each other. Although their future together was uncertain, they knew that for the time being they had each other. And for them, that was good enough.