 This story is about a teacher I had my senior year of high school. Its every kid's dream to have a sexy teacher to have a 'private lesson' with, and it actually happened to me! Miss Brown taught computer at my school, and I loved her class. I know every kid didn't see her the way I did; she wasn't the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen, but she was different from most of the other teachers. First of all, she didn't dress like a 60 year old woman (no offense to any 60+ women out there, we love you too; just take a look at the mature section). She dressed her age, (late 20's, early 30's-I never asked) wearing short skirts, usually with a slit, small tight shirts, and if she wore pants, you can be sure they showed off that ass I loved. She had a nice figure (I can't say the same for a lot of the other teachers), about 5'9, short blonde hair, small breasts, about a B or C, and a nice ass for someone as small as she was. 

She was always nice, before anything happened between us. In all the time I knew her, I never saw her scream at anyone, at least not in anger (wink wink). We'd always laugh in class together, often because I'd made a little smart comment; I simply loved the fact that my picking never upset her. I'll fast forward to the part where stuff started to happen between us. I don't know about now, though I think they still use it, we had what was called senior exit. It's a pretty major thing you gotta do to graduate. You pick a topic, write a paper way too long to still be interesting, do a product (something to show off what you learned), and that's six months of work.

Well anyway, you have to pick a mentor, someone to help you along the way, and naturally I picked her. I was gonna write a program at the end for my product and I figured she could help. Fortunately this meant getting to spend a lot of time with her. The first time we worked after school she was wearing a long skirt, unusual for her, a little shirt that just made it to the top of her skirt but occasionally showed off her thin little belly. You could just make out her bra under the shirt, and when she bent over to get a pen that had rolled off her desk, I saw the outline of her panties. I'm pretty sure she saw me checking out her butt, but since she didn't say anything, I may be wrong. Anyway, she was trying to teach me the basics about programming (the class she taught me was networking), but I was having a little problem concentrating. She was starting to get a little annoyed and finally asked me- 

"What am I going to have to do to get you to learn this?"

"I can think of something," I said with a little smile.

She smiled back saying, "I don't think so, ya little perve," squeezing my knee.

"You can't blame a guy for trying" I said still smiling. "While we're on the subject of you, I meant to ask you, what's with the skirt? It's a little long for you, don't you think?"

Slapping my thigh she said, "I may have to start wearing longer ones more often, with wondering eyes like you around."

"Hey, I can't help it, I'm a guy! Its what I do."

"Maybe we can translate this into you learning a little something," she said as she slid her skirt up to her knees (it was just above her ankles before).

"I'm listening," I said, suddenly sitting up.

"How about I slide this up a bit every time you answer one of my questions right and down a bit every time you get one wrong?"

"OK," I said, more interested in programming than I've ever been in my life.

I learned in the next fifteen minutes going up and back down, that I knew more about programming than I had thought. I finally got that damn skirt up as far as it would go with her sitting down, her panties just out of sight.

"All right, that's it. We're through," she said, starting to smooth her skirt back down over those lovely legs.

"What?!," I yelled, standing up, realizing I had a hard on, and immediately sitting back down.

"What else do you expect me to do? I can't take my skirt off at school!.... well," she said with a clever smile, "how about I just give you a little peek. And maybe next time we'll do this somewhere else... where there are a few less rules."

And with that she stood up, smoothed her skirt back in place, and turned around to unzip. But before she did, a thought must have occurred to her as she stopped, glanced back at me and asked, 

"Would you like to help me?" 

The huge grin on my face and my dick, who apparently wanted to jump out of my pants so he could take a look to, made it obvious that YES, I wanted to help. I reached up with a trembling hand and unbuttoned the one button and pulled down on the zipper. She pulled down her skirt, turned around in a little circle and pulled it back up like it was nothing. But those white cotton panties with the little pink hearts (you'd think she'd have grown up underwear, right?... shit never mind, I loved 'em.) will forever remain branded in my mind.

I looked up and said with genuine feeling, 

"Damn... I love you," I said standing up.

"oh, you're so sweet," she said as she leaned over and stamped another memory in my mind with a kiss that I will never forget.

She leaned into me and softly pressed her lips on mine, took a second and made a little decision to take it a little farther and let her tongue slip into my mouth. She tasted wonderful (a little foreshadowing of the future), as we both enjoyed a wonderful kiss as our tongues danced the way I never learned to. Just as I was getting up the courage to let my hand wander to her butt, she broke the kiss. She looked up at me and with a smile said,

"hour's up- see you tomorrow morning"

Given the abrupt way our last encounter ended, you can imagine the way I felt. I couldn't get that afternoon out of my mind. I thought about it constantly, trying to figure out how I could plan the next time so it didn't have to end that way. She had said something about a place where there were 'a few less rules'. The only places I could think of were her place, my house, or maybe a hotel. Being only a teenager, I didn't have much money and blowing the little bit of money I had on an expensive hotel didn't seem like such a good idea. I only made a few bucks an hour after school and on the weekends, it'd take me a few weeks to save up for it, and then what? No, we were gonna have to do this at my house or her's. Fortunatly, she was my last period class, so at least what ever we decided to do could be done right away. I had already spent the whole day thinking about it; I don't think I could go through that anymore. It seemed to take forever for her class to end, and when it finally did, suddenly I felt nervous. I walked up to her desk but had to wait for the last kid to leave before I said anything.

"Hey Miss Brown," I said, not totally sure of myself. In the back of my mind I was secretly hoping this wasn't a one time thing. I didn't I could stand going to her class everyday without being able to be with her the way I wanted.

"Hey Jon. You been studying your C++ book?," she asked, walking around to the front of her desk where I was standing.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I got the first couple of chapters down."

"Good. Maybe tonight I'll give you a little reward," she said reaching down with her hand and grabbing dick through my pants with a little smile.

I cleared my throat, feeling the beginnings of a major hard on.

"Um, didn't you say you wanted to go somewhere a little more priviate?"

"Yeah," she said backing up a little, "this is a little dangerous."

"So lets go then!"

"Calm down big boy. Where we goin? We can't go to my place; at least 2 other teachers live in my complex."

"My house then, my mom doesn't get home until around 7."

"ok, but you better be sure, it'll be my job if she finds out."

"don't worry, she's never early"

As she turned to grab her coat, I summoned up as much courage as I could and reached over and grabbed a handful of her beautiful ass. She giggled and said

"There'll be plenty of time for that later, lets get out of here."

We walked to her car and headed towards my house. On our way there I got a little frisky. I wanted to see exactly how far she would let this go. I started with my hand on her thigh and let it drift up. She didn't say anything at first but as I continued I saw a little smile creep on her face. I reached under her skirt and was half way into her panties when we got to my house. Betweet her giggling and my preocupation we almost went right by it. I decide to try to be a little romantic-- when we first got there i jumped out and opened her door for her. I was going to carry her into the house, but she thought it would be making a scene. The last thing we wanted was to make the neighbors suspicious. We were going at it as soon as the door closed. This had been what I was waiting for. I got her shirt off, but was having a little trouble with her bra (gimme a break, I wasn't that experienced!). She finally just reached back and did it herself, allowing my lips to explore. I took her nipples softly in my teeth letting my tongue work. My mouth worked on one, while I took the other between my finger and thumb, causing her to moan softly. We barely made it to my bed, leaving a trail of clothes leading to my bedroom. I was completely naked, but she still had her panties on. I kissed dowm her body starting with her neck and ending kissing down her stomach. I knew what I was doing was working even though I was a little inexperienced when I felt her hands on my head pushing me down. I had read that women liked to be teased but I wasn't sure enough of myself to be trying that just yet so I continued down. I kissed her lovely smelling slit through her panties, feeling her move under me. I was tired of waiting and I was sure she was to, so I hooked my thumbs around her waistband and pulled down slowly, doing one side at a time, not really for her benefit, but for mine. I love seeing a woman undress slowly. Anyway, I tossed her panties to the side (white cotton again, this time with little flowers), and went back to the task at hand. She gasped when my tongue moved across her slit, savoring her taste. She began moving franticly, moaning and pressing down on my head. I could tell she needed to cum pretty bad( I knew the feeling) so I began fucking her tight little pussy with my tongue, making her move even more. I moved my mouth up taking her clit, who seemed to be begging for attention, in my mouth and sucking on it. I gave it all the attention of my tongue, using my two fingers to continue the job my tonue had begun on her pussy.

"Oh Jooooonnn OOOOHHH UUUH... mmmmhhhm," she screamed, as her climax hit her, making her walls contract on my fingers. The rippling effect was wonderful, I couldn't wait for that feeling on my cock. I continued to suck, waiting for her to come down. She relaxed a little but was still ready for more, as she grabbed be and pulled me up for a kiss. I loved that she didn't mind tasting a little of her own juices, I certainly liked the taste. 

"Time for a little payback," she said rolling around and climbing on top of me. She kissed my chest, on down to my stomach and around my stiff cock. I could tell she knew what she was doing as she kissed the head and licked down the shaft. The sight of her pink tongue on my cock was enough to make me explode all over her, but somehow I held it in. She slowly took my in her mouth, keeping her teeth away and her tongue continually moving on my head. She didn't take my entire length (about eight inches) but she did take about half. She began to bob her head, taking a little more in as she sucked. The feeling was wonderful and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. She reached behind me and pulled my ass up forcing my hips into her face. All the girls I had been with hated this but as I bucked against her, she didn't seem to mind, smiling up at me. Feeling the familiar tingling and tightening in my balls so I started to face fuck her. She didn't gag at all, just relaxed her throat and made a perfect O with her mouth. She reached up and massaged my balls with her hands as I tensed up. I thought it would sound good to yell out her name as I came, but all I could manage was a weak "uuuhh my guuuud...mmm... aahhhh" 

She licked her lips and looked up at me, a little bit of cum on her chin, but other than that she had taken it all. 

"whats wrong," she said smiling, "didn't get enough?" motioning to my still hard dick. 

"Nah, it's always been like that, maybe you should try and soften it a little"

"Maybe," she said with a little grin, but as she sat up to bring herself up to my cock, we both heard the garage door go up...