 Miranda got a pair of fresh, fluffy white towels for both of them. James turned off the shower and followed after her. Together, the two of them dried off, stealing glances at one another with smirks on their lips. She was dry first, picking up her heels and slipping them back on before leaving the bathroom. He could only watch her hips sway with each step, his cock twitching slightly. James hurried up to dry himself off the rest of the way before collecting before following Miranda into the kitchen. She was already pulling a roasted chicken out of the kitchen with golden brown potatoes under it.

"Need any help?" He asked.

"Nope," Miranda said, setting the tray up on top of the oven. "I've got everything taken care of. Go on and grab yourself a drink. I could go for a glass of wine."

"White or red?" James asked, heading over to collect the drinks.

"White, of course."

James set up the table with utensils and a beer for himself and a glass of white for Miranda. She meanwhile carved up the chicken and dished out two plates with the chicken, potatoes and broccoli from a steamer bag in the microwave. Both of their mouths were watering, starving as Miranda served the plates, gave James a kiss on the cheek and they toasted.

"To the simple things," James cheered as they touched their bottle and glass together.

The two quickly tucked into their meals. They both talked about their days, stealing the occasional glance at one another. She looked over the broad curve of James' shoulders, licking her lips subconsciously as her mind wandered. His eyes were drawn to her breasts, moving as she cut into her meal with her fork and knife, his cock twitching back to life. The two of them met each other's eyes while checking each other out. Together, they broke into laughter before leaning in and kissing one another for a brief moment. The smile they shared made James feel like the happiest man in the world.

"What have you got going on the rest of the week?" Miranda asked, wiping her lips with a napkin.

"Pretty much the same old, same old," James said, finishing off his plate with a satisfied sigh. "How about you?"

Miranda rolled her eyes. "Two more meetings with the client. They want to change an aspect of the project."

"Again?"

She nodded. "Yeah. So, that'll be fun to work on." She frowned at her plate before looking back over to him. "Still hungry?"

James shook his head. "I'm full."

"Aw," Miranda pouted. "Too full for dessert?"

His eyebrow raised in interest. "Dessert? What kind."

Miranda grinned playfully. "A special kind." She said, rising to her feet and taking the plates. Stopping her, James took the plates and brought them over to the sink. He would take care of the dishes. They could be done later. Miranda walked over to the couch and sat back on it, spreading her legs with her heels planted on the floor. She gestured for him to come closer.

"Come and get it," She purred.

James was more than happy to walk over. Leaning in, he planted a soft kiss against Miranda's lips. One of his hands rested against her breast, the other her hip, stroking lightly against her skin. She moaned against his lips, his lips traveling down her jaw and her neck, planting feather light kisses against her skin. His thumb toyed with her nipple, working his digit side to side. His other hand slipped down and cradled the curve of her ass. Further, he kissed over her collarbone and got down to her breasts. To each of her nipples, he kissed them lightly, making Miranda groan out.

"Don't tease me so much," Miranda whimpered.

James laughed, kissing between her breasts. "Really? After what you did to me in the shower?"

"Shut up and go down on me."

He laughed once more, kissing quickly over her stomach and her navel before arriving between her legs. His hands stayed where they were as he leaned in, inhaling her scent before laying a kiss right on her sex. Miranda moaned out as another kiss soon followed it. James' tongue began to lap lightly at her, tasting her wetness. He moaned into her, his fingers squeezing at her body as he licked and kissed her, closing his eyes to savor the moment.

"Fuck," Miranda moaned out. She reached down with one hand to cradle James' head, stroking her fingers through his hair. Her other hand rested on his hand that was on her breast, squeezing that. "That feels so good,"

"It's about to feel even better," James promised before sliding the tip of his tongue inside of her.

She shuddered in pleasured, panting softly. James always knew to work her up with just his hands and his mouth. It drove her wild. She remembered back that the first time they were together when they were dating, almost two years ago now. As soon as she had stripped down for him, he pushed her onto the bed and got between her legs. She came twice before James had even taken off his pants. A smile came to her lips, one of her legs wrapping around James' head to keep him close.

"Yes," She moaned. "Oh yes, baby. That feels so good. Please. Please. Harder."

James obeyed. His tongue lapped at her harder, making MIranda writhe even more. A bead of sweat rolled down her cheek. His tongue licked up and his lips locked around her exposed clit. A lightning bolt of pleasure seared through her body. Her eyes rolled back a bit, panting harder as he sucked on that pleasurable point for just a few moments. 

"I'm close!" Miranda warned him.

James pulled his mouth away from her with a playful grin. Miranda's eyes shot open as she felt the sensation stopping. Her nails dug into his scalp.

"Please," She begged. "Please, I need this."

"Well, you did say please," He said before diving right back between her legs and attacking her with his tongue.

Miranda's eyes shot wide open and she came. She shuddered hard, her nails digging into James' scalp as his tongue worked over his clit. Her hips gyrated on the couch, pushing up against his mouth. Panting hard, she moaned deep from her chest, riding the waves of pleasure. He didn't let up for a moment. His lips latched around her clit once more and began to suck gently on it to extend her orgasm. Breathing hard, sweat trailing down her neck, Miranda removed her leg from around his head. Smiling widely down at James, her fingers moved from the top of his head to his cheek, stroking it.

"That felt amazing," She whispered.

"I can tell," James said, giving her one last lick that made her grunt.

Rising to his feet, James cupped Miranda's cheeks and kissed her deeply. The two shared in her taste, their tongues running over one another's. Their hands ran over each other's bodies. Miranda's hands slid down over his lower back and his ass. James' hands went over her breasts and her sides. Both of them breathed hard as they broke the kiss, smiling at one another.

"Bedroom?" James suggested.

"Bedroom." Miranda confirmed.

She rose to her feet and grasped his hand in hers. Together, they hurried into the bedroom, sharing two more quick kisses along the way. The bedroom itself was just like any other: a queen-sized bed that the two shared, unmade, with a dresser and a closet that the two shared. The laundry hamper was overflowing and the shaded windows looked out over the city street below their bedroom. Miranda went to the nightstand on her side of the bed and opened the drawer. She rooted around it in for a second before turning back around and showing James what she was looking for. It was a metal cock ring, one that she had bought him a few months back. He took it up and slid it over his hard member. The ring fit perfectly to the base of his cock: not too big, not too small. Just right. It let him last longer in bed and that's exactly what Miranda wanted, especially right now.

Miranda climbed onto the bed and laid back. "Come here, stud," She whispered, her voice dripping with sultry desire. Placing her head at the edge of the bed, she hung it off the side and grinned. "Come over here and fuck my throat." With that, she opened her mouth wide and stuck it out over her bottom lip.

James was certainly not going to avoid such a tempting offer and moved closer. Miranda's tongue teased the tip of his member, just for a moment, as he positioned himself.

"You want this big cock in your mouth?" James said, running the tip over her lips. Miranda only let out an impatient 'mhm', licking at his cock head again. "I want to hear you say it."

"I want that big, hard, veiny cock in my mouth," Miranda said, looking up at him. One of her hands was sliding down between her legs to touch at her soaking wet pussy.

That's all he needed to hear. Pushing his hips forward, the head of his cock slipped between her lips. Miranda moaned around it, clamping her lips down firmly on the head. Her tongue swirled around it, her cheeks caving in slightly as she sucked. James moaned in pleasure as he leaned forward, placing one hand on her breast and the other on the bed for support. Squeezing her breast, he kept pushing his hips forward. Miranda's free hand came up and grabbed him by the ass, pulling him in. It didn't take long until the head of his cock slipped into her throat and was pushed down by the last two inches of cock before her lips met the base. Miranda had a weak gag reflex, at best, and deepthroated James. Her lips were pressed firmly to his groin, her throat working around his cock, her tongue ravishing his manhood with her wet, flexible tongue.

Pulling his hips back slowly, he groaned in pleasure. He pulled out until just the head rested within her lips. Grinning, he began to slowly push forward again. Miranda moaned, two fingers pushing inside of her as his cock slipped back into her throat. Her eyes were squeezed tight, her nostrils flaring as she inhaled carefully. Both giving and taking oral pleasures got her hotter than almost anything else. The taste of him made her feel dirty and she loved it. He loved how her tongue worked over every inch of him with care, soaking him in her hot saliva. Pumping his hips back and forth slowly, he savored the feeling of her mouth working him over in such a pleasurable way. There was nothing more he wanted to do than drive himself hard down her throat. But, he didn't want to be too rough.

At least, not yet.

Her hand tapped against his ass, letting him know to pull out so she could take a breath. James did so immediately, his cock shining in the half-light coming in from the shaded windows.

"You alright?" He asked, wanting to make sure she was okay.

Miranda held the thumbs up, upside down from her position. "I'm good," Her voice croaked. "Just needed a second to breathe. Come closer and let me give your balls some attention."

He stepped closer, lifting up his member and idly stroking it with the hand that had been on the bed. Miranda got to work right away, her lips launching an assault on those low hanging balls. She didn't mind the hairs as she laid loving kisses over every inch of them that she could reach. Her tongue quickly stretched out from her lips, dragging over every spot that she had licked. James closed his eyes to savor the pleasure of it, the eager way she went about pleasing him in different ways. His hand stayed wrapped around his cock, stroking it slowly. Her lips sucked one of his balls into her mouth, tugging at it with her lips for a moment, before releasing it and doing the same to the other.

"Yes," James groaned, his cock throbbing fiercely in his hand. "That's it. I can't take anymore. I need to fuck you now!"

Miranda broke away from his balls, rolling onto her front. "Mmm. Finally ready for the main event?"

James released his cock, a bead of precum beginning to build on the tip. "Oh yes."

She leaned in and with a quick flick of her tongue, collecting the drop from his cock head and swallowed it with a grin. "I hope you've got plenty of energy after dinner. Because I'm going to ride you like a prized stallion."

James could not be more excited by that promise.