 I sat down at my computer, and thought about what I wanted to say. I went to the website, and clicked on the post new ad link, and clicked missed connections as my category. I typed for a few minutes; trying to get the wording just right.

Northern Michigan

Missed Connections

I am looking for the girl that I met at Target in Traverse City on Saturday 7/20. You have short blonde hair, cut in a pixie style. You also have the most beautiful blue eyes that I have ever seen. They were the color extremely faded denim. I was in line behind you, and you accidentally dropped a $20 bill when you paid the cashier. I gave it back to you, and you gave me the most beautiful smile. You have been all that I could think about since. I am tall, and have short brown hair. I was wearing a Detroit Red Wings jersey.

I looked at the words on the screen. I was nervous to post this for some reason, but that was silly. I doubt that anybody ever really reconnects with anyone through these bullshit ads. I hit the post ad icon, shut down my computer, and went to bed.

I had class the next day. I am enrolled at the University of Michigan; but I take all of my classes online, except for the few that require lab work, or some other kind of special interaction. I took these classes at the University Center in town. The University Center works with twelve different colleges and universities, and I just take the class from whichever university that happens to transfer the credits from class completely. I am a sophomore, and was going to school for my bachelor's degree in Computer Science, specializing in the area of writing code. I needed twelve credit hours of physical sciences in order to fulfill my degree requirements. Last year I took Biology 100, and then I took Physics 100. This year I am taking Physics 150. All of these classes counted for three credit hours, plus one hour of credit for the lab. I went to town for the two hour lecture that I had today. It was pretty tame. I took notes, then came back home to work on a paper for one of my online classes.

Out of curiosity I decided to check the ad that I had posted yesterday. It said that I had one reply. What the fuck? Could this be the girl whose smile kept playing itself over and over in my mind? And those goddamn pale blue eyes... I clicked on the link.

Hi. You must be my knight in shining armor. Thank you for giving me back the twenty that I dropped in Target. I would love to show my gratitude to you by taking you out to dinner. I just need you to send me a pic to verify that you are the right guy. A girl has to be careful, because there are a lot of scammers who would try to take advantage.

Sabrina

She gave me her email address, and I sent her a quick email with my most flattering pic attached to it. I even gave her my cell number, just in case she wanted to text me. I had hoped for an immediate reply; but I was disappointed. My email alert never chimed, and my phone stayed quiet all evening. I finished my paper on the net neutrality by about ten, and I was sound asleep by eleven.

I awoke around six-thirty in the morning, and I saw the green blinking light on my cell phone that indicated that I had a text message waiting. I swiped my finger across the screen to unlock my phone, and peered blearily at the message.

Tyler,

I was so glad to see my knight in shining armor again. You look even better in that pic than I remember. How about meeting me Friday for dinner? I was thinking about Del Rico's over on Front Street at seven. I have a really good feeling about you. Maybe we were meant to meet. I will be driving a green Kia Soul. See you then.

Sabrina

***

I showered in very hot water. I dried off, lathered up my face, and shaved with my Mercur safety razor. I loved how close the shave was. I brushed my teeth, and sprayed on a little Versace Eros. Now came the hard part; dressing for a first date. The restaurant that she chose was fairly casual, and I didn't want to overdo it. I chose a pair of gray linen slacks, and a pink Izod polo shirt, complete with the classic little alligator. I put on dress socks, and my Prada loafers and belt. Women judge men on two things; his shoes, and his watch. The loafers were classy, but not flashy. I slipped on a titanium Movado, and felt good about what I was wearing. I looked in the mirror and smiled. I felt better than good; I felt like a million bucks. I felt like the Big Bad Wolf on his way to see Little Red Riding Hood.

I arrived at the restaurant a half an hour early. I wanted to make sure that I was there first. I thought about going in and waiting; but since she told me what kind of car that she was driving, I figured that she wanted to meet in the parking lot. I sat in my silver Camaro waiting for her Kia to show up. It was a flashy car for a student, and most people thought that I was spoiled by rich parents. The truth was that I had made some pretty good money writing code for games for the iPhone. That car was my pride and joy; silver with two black racing stripes running through the middle. I had custom black racing rims, and a custom chrome tail pipe kit. The leather seats were hot in the summer, but they looked damned good.

I saw an obnoxiously green Kia Soul zip quickly through the parking lot, and whip into a parking space. My heart raced in my chest, and my breathing felt a little tight. As confident as I had been while getting dressed, I was very nervous when I saw her get out of the car. I opened my door, got out, and watched her from a distance. She seemed shorter than I remembered. I seem to remember her being only a few inches shy of my six foot frame. She looked maybe five feet four inches, and she was wearing heels. She made those heels look good. She wore a short pleated black skirt that was reminiscent of naughty Catholic school girl attire. She wore a tight white blouse that was cut very flatteringly. It accentuated her tiny waist at the bottom, and her generous cleavage at the top. Maybe she wore one of those push up bras, because I don't remember her being that blessed upstairs. Maybe I had been so fascinated by her eyes, and her smile at Target that I really didn't notice much more about her at the time. I couldn't see her eyes right now because they were behind sunglasses.

When she saw me, a big grin spread across her face, showing her perfect teeth. She changed direction and headed right for me. She was hotter than July in Hell. I had to give it to her; the girl had a fierce walk. It was like a runway model's strut. I was so distracted that she was standing right in front of me before I snapped out of my trance.

"You must be Tyler." Her voice had a husky under tone that was very attractive. She looked past me at my new Camaro. "Nice car." She smiled.

"Thanks. You must be Sabrina." I paused and looked her over obviously. "Wow!" She smiled again. "Shall we head inside?" She nodded at my suggestion, linked her arm through my arm, and we walked into the restaurant. Damn, she smelled good. I love it when a woman smells good. We were quickly seated, since I had made reservations ahead of time. This seemed to piss off the twenty or so people who were waiting in the reception alcove. Our table was a small two person affair, so it was very intimate. It was hard not to stare when I was sitting across from her; especially when I noticed that her blouse was opaque enough to the show all the details of her lacy bra.

"So what do you do, Tyler?" She seemed to love the fact that I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. There was something intoxicating about her.

"I'm a student right now. I'm studying computer science. I write apps for the iPhone for money. I do pretty well with it." She smiled again. It was absolutely not the smile that I remembered from Target.

"I could tell by the car." I saw her head move so that she could look at my watch, but she said nothing about it. Her hair was subtly different. It was not the same shade, or the same cut. Maybe I was mistaken, though. I had only saw her once, and only for a moment. The waitress came over to give us menus, and to take our drink order. I ordered a Guinness Extra Stout, and she ordered a margarita. She took off her sunglasses before we picked our menus. I snuck a look at her eyes over my menu, and they were blue; but not the faded blue of the girl from Target. This was a totally different fucking girl! Holy shit! What the fuck is going on here?

"Order whatever you want on the menu, Tyler. The bill is on me, so don't be a cheapskate. Order something expensive." She smiled when she said this, and this accented the little dimple in her chin. God, this woman was sexy. She wasn't the girl that I had met previously, but the longer that I was in her presence, the less this fact seemed to matter. All I could think about was how good it would feel to kiss from the dimple in her chin, down her neck, until I got to those extremely perky breasts. She was clearly sexually excited by her little charade. Her nipples poked half an inch through the lacy bra's gauzy fabric. She saw where I was looking, and she shifted her shoulders, making her breasts jiggle. I looked into her eyes, and she winked at me saucily.

I took a couple of sips of my beer; and when the waiter came to take our order, I ordered steak and shrimp fajitas, and rice. She ordered spicy chicken quesadillas, and another round of drinks. I started drinking my beer a little faster, and before I finished the waiter brought me another. The conversation slowed a bit when the food came. We both dug right into our respective entrees; probably because of the awkwardness of the obvious ruse. This lasted until my stomach got full. 

"So what do you do, Sabrina?" The question seemed innocent enough.

"Mostly what I damn well please," she replied with a wink. "I work as a physical therapist for the Veterans Administration. I wish that I could say that it was a boring job, but there are so many soldiers coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan missing limbs that I am booked enough to work fifty hours a week."

"Damn. That is a hell of a thing to do. Not just anyone could walk into that day after day." She nodded grimly. I didn't think that her job was a lie. She had the gleam of fanaticism in her eyes when she spoke about how she helped her patients. Whatever game she was playing, it did not involve her lying about her job. I had eaten about all of my food, and had been pushing the last couple of shrimp around my plate as we talked about different subjects. The waitress came, and gave her a box to take home her leftovers.

"Would you two care for dessert?" The waitress asked this question as part of her spiel. It was just a way of getting another dollar or two on her tip.

"No thanks," Sabrina answered immediately. "He is going to be having me for dessert." Sabrina had a huge smile on her face. The waitress looked startled for a second, then she shared Sabrina's smile.

"He is a lucky man." The waitress looked my date over with an appreciative eye, and left the check on the table. Sabrina put her credit card into the little black book without even looking at the total.

"I hope that I didn't misspeak. Would you like to come back to my place? We could have a couple of drinks, and see if programmers really do it with more RAM." She giggled at her bad joke, and I couldn't keep myself from joining in. Yeah, this was not the girl from Target that I had been looking for, but somehow she seemed to have been looking for me. I guess that the thing that really made my mind up was how fucking sexy she was. If she was a little bit crazy it would probably make the sex that much hotter.

"I would like that very much." Even as the words were coming out of my mouth, she slid her hands down her neck, and over her chest. When her hands passed over her erect nipples she moaned a little bit. Her hands traveled under her breasts and she gave them a little push that made her cleavage strain at the lacy bra, and tight top.

The waitress; like all service industry workers, had perfect timing. She arrived to pick up the check just as Sabrina was squeezing her tits together for me. She had an eyebrow raised, and seemed to be on the verge of asking if she could get in on whatever action that Sabrina was cooking up. She said nothing, but hurried away. Her credit card was back in no time, and her arm was wrapped around mine as we left the restaurant. 

"I live about six blocks from here, so why don't you follow me to my place." Between watching her mouth form the words, and smelling her incredibly sexy perfume, I barely caught the gist of what she was saying. She leaned over, and kissed me hard on the mouth. He lips tasted of strawberry margarita, and I felt her body mold itself against mine. My hand slid up her back, and grasped the back of her neck, and the kiss deepened even further. If this didn't stop soon we were going to be naked on the hood of her Kia Soul, and the whole parking lot would get a triple X-rated show. She broke our kiss suddenly. By how hard she was breathing, I figured that she wanted to tear my clothes off as much as I wanted to tear off hers.

"Follow me," she said simply. Her voice came out very husky. It was very damn sexy. I crossed the lot, and hopped into my Camaro. The engine snarled to life, and I pulled out behind her boxy green car. It was about six blocks to her apartment complex. I took the twists and turns, and pulled into a space next to her's.

Her apartment was in a one story building. The hallway opened onto four units; two on each side. She walked to the first door on the right, and opened it with her key. I followed her in, and was pleasantly surprised by her taste in décor. Her apartment looked like it had been professionally decorated. I guess that I was just used to my house. The only decorations that I had on the walls were posters from some movies that I loved. We both took our shoes off at the door; she turned on some lights, and told me to make myself comfy on the couch. It was thick white leather; as creamy as a vanilla milkshake. She walked into the kitchen.

"Would you like something to drink? I have beer, Jack, and rum." 

"I'd take some rum with a couple of ice cubes, if you have some." I heard ice tinkling into a glass, and a bunch of rustling noises.

She returned to the living room a couple of minutes later with two generous tumblers of rum; wearing only her underwear. I'm not talking about the underwear that your mom wore to the P.T.A. meetings. This was Victoria's Secret runway model worthy, and so was her body. She wore a white lace thong and a matching lace... for the lack of a better term, bra. It performed the technical duties of a bra. It started low on her rib cage, almost like a bustier. It pushed her medium sided tits up, making an obscene amount of cleavage on a girl so small. The cups of the bra stopped at the level of the middle of her areolas, but the middle of the bra was cut out so that it left her nipples totally exposed. This was why her nipples were so noticeable at the restaurant.

"So what do you think?" She was still wearing the heels that she had on earlier. They made her legs look amazing. She brought one of the cold glasses up, and brushed it across her exposed nipple. It didn't seem to get any more erect, because it was probably as excited as it could get already. It did leave an interesting bead of water on the tip of her nipple. It ran down, and was quickly absorbed by the lace of her bra.

"I think that you are incredible." This was the honest truth. Looking at her was better than any Playboy centerfold that I have ever viewed. She walked over, and handed me a tumbler, and I took a huge swig. The spiced rum made a warm feeling in my belly, and that warmth radiated all the way down to my steel hard cock. She chugged her tumbler of rum in one large swallow. The ice clinked against her glass when she sat it on the end table next to me. She knelt down in front of me, and ran both of her hands over my rock hard cock. I drank the rest of my rum, and sat the glass next to hers.

She slid my zipper down, undid the button on my pants, and I raised my ass up so that she could slide my grey slacks, and boxer briefs off. My cock happily sprang free from its confines. My dick is only seven inches, but it is pretty thick; at least that is what I've been told. Seeing this sex goddess kneeling in front of my erection made me feel like a porn star.

She licked my cock all the way from the base until she reached the tip. He tongue seemed extra wet, and the evaporation of her spit made my cock feel cold at the base; all the while her breath was warming the tip. She stuck out her tongue, and guided a long trail of saliva run down the length of my shaft. I shivered. She gripped the base of my cock, and slowly began engulfing me with her mouth. She slid slowly down my shaft until it bumped the back of her throat. Her jaws looked like they were stretched about as far apart as they could get. I had considerable girth, and she didn't want to scrape me with her teeth. 

She began to speed up her motions. She bobbed her head, and took me almost to the back of her throat, and then back up to the tip; all the while flicking her tongue. One of the most erotic things about this was watching her eyes. I have always been a sucker for some beautiful eyes. These were not the faded denim color of the girl from Target, but her eyes were beautiful just the same. The best part about them was that when she looked me in the eye I could tell that there was no one that she would rather be with, or no other place that she would rather be. It was like she worshipping me. She was totally devoted to this. It was very exciting. I'm not sure if my cock had ever been that hard before or not; even when I experimented with taking a Viagra that a friend had given me.

I knew that her jaw couldn't take being spread open like that for very long. She had been blowing me for close to five minutes, and it had started to feel way too good. I didn't want to blow my load in her mouth so soon. I wanted to keep this going for a while. I ran my fingers through her short blonde hair. It felt soft and silky between my fingers. She paused for air, and I leaned down and kissed her firmly on the mouth. I felt her melt into me, and return the kiss with the heat of extreme passion. It was like our bodies fed off of the excitement of the other's. I pulled her up into my lap, and our kissed deepened further. I felt her tongue explore my mouth, and my hands exploring the beautiful handfuls that were her breasts. They weren't as large as I had previously thought, but that bra made them really stand at attention. My thumbs rubbed over her hard nipples, and she moaned into my mouth, and squirmed on my lap. This was another interesting feeling since my cock rested between her ass cheeks, with just the thin lacy fabric separating me from her soaking wet pussy. I could feel it's wetness on my cock and even against my stomach when she moved just right. I started sliding her thong down over her hips, and she stood up for a second, and stripped the scrap of lace off, and kicked it across the room. 

She settled back into my lap, and I felt her hot, bald cunt rubbing against my engorged manhood. We kissed again, and she continued to slide her wetness up and down my shaft. I tried to catch her near the tip of my cock in order to slide myself inside of her. She put a hand on each of my cheeks, and shook her head in a definite "no" motion.

"I have condoms in my pants pocket, if that is the issue." She shook her head again.

"I want you to fuck me doggy; I always cum harder that way." She crawled off my lap, and stretched out on all fours across the white leather sofa. I liked doggy style too, so I had no complaints. I knelt behind her, and slid my middle finger into her pussy all the way to the third knuckle. She moaned loudly. She was very uninhibited for an apartment dweller. I slid my finger out, and pushed the tip of my cock to the entrance of her love tunnel. I pushed gently, and immediately felt resistance. It wasn't like she was a virgin, or hadn't maybe been fucked lately; it was just that her pussy was tight. I guessed by how toned and fit that her body was that she exercised. Maybe she did yoga. Whatever kind of exercise it was, it made her pussy cling to my thick johnson like a second skin. I continued to slide inside of her. She was very wet, so even with the resistance it was easy to get myself all the way inside of her. I could feel her pussy muscles quivering inside, and I thought it might be a small orgasm. She moaned loudly again. It was sexy as hell. 
