 Eugene….I've always thought it was a nice place to visit and little did I know, but this was to be a particularly great visit. My cousin Ralph and his wife Sally were living there and it was going to work out just about right for me to stop, spend a couple of days and be on my way. I was on my way back to Seattle after attending a training class in Petaluma, CA. (actually it was Two Rock…about 8 miles west of Petaluma.) 

While I was down there I'd found a 1970 240Z with an incredible paint job. Boy did I feel like a stud driving that. When men are young we all seem to think that having a hot car will get us quickly and frequently laid. Thankfully, I've out grown that, because it certainly wasn't true in my case. But, it was great fun to drive.

So I stopped to see my Ralph and after dinner I suggested that the three of us go out for a few drinks and a little dancing. They said that the current hot spot was the Red Lion Inn on Coburg Road. Off we went. We drove separately; you can't fit three people in a 240Z and their Volkswagen bug wouldn't have been comfortable either. I was very pleased when we arrived and I found that there were a couple more women than men in the lounge. Back then I wore think glasses (before LASIK), and weighed only 165#. Ah….those were the days.

"Wow, I like the odds here." I loudly said to my cousin.

"Why do you think we brought you here?"

"Sally, can I have the first dance?" I almost had to yell to be heard above the band.

I took her hand and pulled her to the floor and began to move with the rhythm of the music. I looked over her shoulder to scan the other dancers and stared straight into the eyes of a sultry green eyed woman. I smiled at her and mouthed a "hi" to her and received a smile and a silent "hello" back. I continued to look at her angelic face and when a spotlight lit her Farah Fawcett hair style from behind she really did look like an angel.

That dance turned into a longer one and I kept my eyes looking at her. Sally glanced back to see who I was looking at and gave me a wink. Then she moved closer and put her arms around my neck and spoke "Go for it" in my ear. I hugged her back as the song ended and we made our way back to our table. 

Ralph had three drinks on the table waiting for us as we sat down. We all picked our respective drinks up and raised our glasses in mock salute.

Looking around, I spotted the table where she was sitting, and noted with pleasure that she was with three other women. So… that must mean that the guy she'd been dancing with was just some other guy on the prowl, just like me.

The song the band was playing was ending and I thought that if I was going to be able to dance with her that I should ask now, before someone else did. I excused myself, stood up and threaded my way around the intervening tables and stopped in front of her. She looked up and smiled. "May I have this next dance?" I asked.

"Sure." She said with a smile.

I held out my hand and as she rose from her chair she took it. I led her out to the dance floor as the band started playing Magic Carpet Ride, a Steppenwolf tune. Oh…could she move and sway to the music. She had on a simple dress with little flowers on it and when there was a strong light behind her I could see the outline of her legs. I t had a few buttons up top and the top couple were undone but not to the point of showing any cleavage. I'd guess she had a nice "B" cup and they too bounced a little as she moved. When she turned away from me in time to the music I cast my eyes upon what looked like a very nice tight, shapely ass.

The song ended and I asked for another dance as the band started another song. A couple of more songs played and then the band slowed things down a bit and played Knights in White Satin. I quickly asked her for the slow dance and she acquiesced. I think that's one of the best slow songs ever written.

As I held her firm body in my arms I said "My name's Ray."

She again gave me a great smile and replied "Hello Ray, I'm Cheryl." 

She felt great in my arms. Her body firm, yet yielding. She leaned her head on my shoulder and I inhaled deeply of the perfume wafting up. I wondered what it was she was wearing; I felt powerfully attracted to her scent. All too soon the song ended and I led her back to her table and friends.

"I hope you'll dance with me more."

"Sure, I'll be right here.

I went back to my table to take a break and of course Ralph had to kid me about my big score. I took it and tapped out a Marlboro, yes in those days I smoked. I danced more with Cheryl and around midnight Ralph and Sally left for home.

"I see your friends left" she said.

"Yup, now I'm foot loose and fancy free. Can I get you a drink?"

"Rum & coke" was her reply.



I returned with her drink and pulled up a chair and sat down at her table. We chatted some more and when the band started again we got up to dance. This time she spent a fair amount of time with her back to me, thrusting her ass out and seductively shaking it. After a couple of more dances a slow song finally came up and I pulled her to me. "So, why don't you take me home and cook me breakfast?"

She looked straight into my eyes and said"Ok. Want to leave now?"

"Yes, let's go." I led her back to her table and she bade her friends goodnight. With that we walked arm in arm out into the night. When we got to my car she remarked "Hey, nice paint."

I drove at the speed limit, following her directions. After all it would not have been very impressive to get a speeding ticket. 

Cheryl unlocked the door to her apartment, reached in and flicked on a light. I closed the door behind me and hugged her close and kissed her. We both knew what I was there for. I could feel her lips parting as my tongue gently, but firmly pushed its way in. I felt as if a jolt of electricity zapped me as our tongues began dueling, thrusting, parry, this way and now that. This woman could kiss! Kiss with enough erotic energy to cause blood to rush to my now rising cock.

My hands began to explore her firm body, first moving up and down her back now sliding down and gently stroking the rounded cheeks of her buns. Oh…they were so firm. I felt her pelvis pushing toward me as I lightly kissed the side of her neck. She softly moaned and I felt her hand rubbing on my crotch.

I picked her up and asked "Which way to the bedroom?"

"Turn left then right."

I put her down on the edge of the bed and pulled her legs over the side. I then sank to my knees. My fingers gently traced circles on the insides of her thighs against her nylon sheathed legs. I planted light kisses, sometimes blowing hot breath gently against her skin as my head followed my hands. About the time my hands reached the waistband of her panty hose my face ended up right against her pussy. I could feel the heat emanating from there and I deeply inhaled the scent of her mouth watering sex. She raised her hip off the edge of the bed as I pulled down her panty hose and then caught the edge of the waistband of her bikini panties. As I pulled down the material I again planted kisses as skin became bare.



I pulled her hose & panties off of her feet and began kissing my way back up the inside of her legs. Again, my kisses were light and still some hot breath. I reached my goal and my tongue reached out to flick across her clit.

"Oh, God, be careful. I am so sensitive right now."

I sucked very lightly at first, keeping only the lightest pressure on her clitoris. As she adjusted to the sensation I increased the pressure, each time keeping it constant while she became accustomed to the added stimulation. After about six increases, I started to lick her sensitive bud while I sucked it further into my mouth. As I did, I reached around her leg and lightly caressed her skin, just above her pussy. With that she grabbed my head with her hands. I just love it when a woman holds my head as I perform cunnilingus. Don't you?

Giving oral stimulation to a woman always gives me a hard on and this was no exception. I licked her clit harder and with a steady rhythm, using as much surface of my tongue as I could. After about a minute she started to climax.

"Ohhhhh, Ray. Ohhhhh yes. That is sooo good. So good. So good."

She didn't squeeze her legs together or stiffen at all. Instead she seemed to open herself to me even more, inviting me to become one with her as she reached the peak of her pleasure. I stopped licking but continued to hold her clit ever so lightly between my lips.

Finally she said, "That's all. Please, I can't take anymore. It's too much."

I pulled back and sat on my heels in front of her. She reached down and placed her palm flat against her sex and pressed hard.

"Ohhhh, that was unbelievable. Thank you."

I stood up and deliberately unfastened my belt and unhooked the clasp at the waist.

Cheryl was grinning like a kid with a new toy. "Let me give you something to motivate you."

She pulled the top of her dress down and tucked it under her breasts. They were splendid, medium and full, with a pleasant slope down to her pink, erect nipples, then a quick tuck under to her chest. Her areolas were small and just a bit darker than the nipples they surrounded. Her skin was smooth and creamy white. I was impressed.

"Have you ever had your back kissed? I mean really kissed, sensuously, seductively."



"No" she said with a hint of trepidation.

"Then allow me. I know you'll love it. I want you to lie on your stomach; will you do that for me?"

With that Cheryl rolled onto her tummy and I moved onto the bed next to her. I leaned over her and began at the base of her neck. First a light kiss. Then kisses with a little suction, sort of like giving a hickey but not with that much force and followed by a little hot breath. Slowly, I moved down her spine, sometimes moving off to this side and now that one. Lower and lower I moved….I found the small of her back especially sensitive and I heard her moan as I got lower. Her pelvis started to hump a little as I spent even more time there. I slipped a hand under her and began to play with a nipple. By the time I got to the start of the cleft in her bottom of her ass I knew that she was close to an orgasm. So I slid my hand down from her breast to her clit. I began circling the little bud as I continued kissing the cheeks of her ass. Cheryl moved her pelvis against my hand and I felt her getting even wetter than before as I slipped a finger inside. 

"Oh God….I'm Cuming." She cried.

We lay there, her catching her breath, me smiling in smug satisfaction. 

She looked at me. "I've never had anything like that."

"I'm glad you liked it." I replied as she reached down to fondle my cock. I wasn't really soft but I could feel myself getting harder under her manipulation.

"I need to fuck you. Fuck you now" I spoke with intensity.

With that she pulled me onto her and guided my throbbing cock to the opening of her soaking wet pussy. As she held me I slowly started to push into her. Just an inch or so and then deeper. I withdrew a little and then with one hard thrust I was buried to the hilt. I moved my hips in tiny circles and she lifted her legs to give me better access. I moved in and out in slow strokes. Every so often I would thrust hard and her eyes would open a little wider each time I did. I could feel my balls begin to tighten up and I knew that I'd be cuming soon. I couldn't wait and continued to pound into her as hard as I could. As I felt my hot cum boil out of my cock I kissed her hard and deep.

I thought that I could smell coffee as I awoke and with one eye I looked at the clock. 7:45….too early….the last time I'd glanced at the clock it was 3am. I drug myself out of bed and looked in the kitchen. Cheryl was getting breakfast cereal out of a cupboard and the bottom of her ass cheeks were exposed….peeking out of her t-shirt as she reached up. Hmmm…looks very nice I thought. The site of that nice tight ass brought a familiar sensation.

I walked up behind her and put my arms around her. "Good morning."

"Good morning to you too." She replied and wiggled her ass against me.

I felt myself growing harder and my cock rose up and pressed between her cheeks as I got more aroused. Without a word I reached around and began to play with her clit with my right hand and pulled up the back of her shirt with my left. She pressed herself back against me as I rubbed her. So I pushed her forward to bend at the waist and used my hand to rub the head of my dick against her now wet pussy lips. With two thrusts I was in and began to stroke in and out. This was my time and I gave little thought to her pleasure. I pushed in and out with reckless abandon. I could see her had bounce with each thrust as I reached bottom. Each time I hit her cervix she gave a little shudder and I began to make her shudder even more as I could feel my climax building.

With a grunt I felt my seed spray the inside of her vagina. At this point I was beyond caring whether she got hers or not.

The coffee was great and I enjoyed a bowl of cereal. We showered together and I said an awkward goodbye when I left. It was a wonderful night, but I knew that Eugene would be a little too far to visit on a regular basis.