 "I'm here."

I smile and say I'll be right down to let him in. I hang up the phone, grab my keys, and wonder if it would look desperate if I bounded down the stairs instead of playing it cool and taking the elevator.

When I get to the lobby, I see him standing outside the big glass door, bags slung over his shoulders. He notices me and smiles. His deep, bright blue eyes shine a little with that impish smirk that gives me shivers. I walk over and open the door for him; he walks into the lobby, never taking his eyes off me.

"Hi," he says, still smirking.

"Hi," I say, returning the smirk.

We stand there for a second, just looking at each other, smiling. I'm staring into those gorgeous blue eyes and I can't help feeling a little weak in the knees. This is hardly the first time we've been together, but I have butterflies in my stomach. He reaches out, wraps his right arm around my back and pulls me in for a kiss. His right hand rests on the small of my back and his left wanders up my back and into my hair. He's already told me what his hands are likely to do in my hair, and the thought of it now makes my heart race.

I lead him to the elevator, which is waiting for us because it's a short building and no one ever goes out. As soon as the doors close, he drops his bags, takes my face in both his hands and kisses me again, this time harder and more passionately, pinning me against the back wall of the elevator. My hands go to his waist and slide up his back. I whimper a little. If only this were a taller building, with a longer elevator ride...

The elevator stops at my floor and our passionate foreplay is interrupted. We wander out, and head down the hallway to my apartment. Once inside, he behaves himself, taking in the apartment around him and surveying his surroundings. On some level, I'm sure, he's choosing where in this main room he would like to fuck me if I didn't have a roommate to object to sex in the common space.

Bless her heart, that roommate has absented herself for the evening. I lead him to my bedroom, so he can put down his bags, but we both know why we're really there. I had forgotten to put away the clothes I'd discarded this morning in an effort to find the perfect outfit to wear upon his arrival. I start to collect them from the bed while he puts his bags down, leaning over the bed to reach the clothes other side.

Suddenly, I feel his hands on my hips, and I hear him moan low behind me. I stop, returning the moan and leaning backwards into him. I can feel his cock getting hard behind his jeans. His left hand slides up my stomach and stops on my breasts, pulling me up against him, while his right hand slides down, between my legs. His hands massage me, slowly and passionately. My hips grind into him, and I can feel him getting harder. My right hand slides down his leg to steady myself as I rub against his growing cock, while my left hand reaches up and rests on his bicep -- the one attached to the hand that's massaging my breasts and teasing my nipples through a thin t-shirt I wore on purpose. I lean my head back against his shoulder, close my eyes, and moan. His mouth is close to my ear, and I can hear him moaning, his breath getting shorter. His lips search for my neck, kissing my face down along the way. He finds his mark, and my own breath gets shorter, my moans get louder.

Finally, he spins me around and pushes me back onto the bed. I smile at him, but my smile does nothing to hide the desperation, how badly I want him right now. He smiles back, and while I can see that he wants me too, his is a devilish grin -- he's going to draw this out as long as he can. 

His hands unbutton my jeans and ease the zipper down. He peels my jeans down, pulling my panties down a little. He's pleased to see that my panties are soaked, and he's barely gotten started yet. He slowly, slowly pulls the panties down my legs, he can't take his eyes off them until he discards them to the side with the jeans. Then he pulls me to the edge of the bed, kneels on the floor, and leans in between my legs.

His tongue starts lightly, teasing the sides of my slit with soft, faint licks up and down. Each upward lick ends on my clit, lightly circling it and flicking it, sometimes kissing it and sucking on it for just a second. His licking of my slit gets harder, more passionate -- I think he likes the taste of my wetness, and he loves how wet I'm getting as he's licking me. A couple times, he slips his tongue inside me -- no one's ever done that before, and it makes me writhe with pleasure. Finally, his tongue comes to my clit, licking it, circling it, sucking on it, harder and harder as I get closer and closer to the edge. He slides a finger inside me, then two, searching for my g-spot. He's brought me so close to the brink of ecstasy, it's taking all my willpower to hold still and let him work his magic on my swollen clit and my dripping wet pussy. I can feel the orgasm building, I beg him not to stop. He doesn't -- he licks harder, he sucks harder, his fingers pump in and out of my harder. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" I feel the waves rush through me as I grip the bed with my fingers and toes, arching my back into the orgasm, pushing my pussy into his face -- he doesn't stop licking until the last wave has passed and I fall back to the bed with an exhausted and satisfied sigh.

He climbs onto the bed next to me, searching my face for approval. I smile at him as he licks my wetness off his fingers. "I told you I'd make you cum first," he says, his blue eyes sparkling with mischievous satisfaction. I laugh, sighing in the aftermath of my orgasm. I'm starting to regain my strength -- and my desire. 

"Yes, you did," I say, rolling over to straddle him. "But now it's your turn."

I unbutton his shirt and pull him up so I can pull it and his undershirt off. He reaches for my hips, hoping to slide his hands up and pull my shirt off, but I ease back and find the floor, my hands sliding down his chest and stomach, stopping at his jeans. I unbutton and unzip his jeans and pull them down carefully -- his cock is so hard now that it's difficult to navigate the jeans off of it. I grab his stiff member in one hand and his balls in the other; I lick his cock, starting at the base and slowly, slowly sliding up to the head, where I find a drop of pre-cum. I wrap my mouth around the head of his cock and suck once, twice, then I trace it with my tongue. But that's enough for now, there will be time to suck him off later. Right now, I want him inside me. 

I climb back on top of him, straddling him, and he finally succeeds in pulling my shirt off. I rub my slit along his cock a few times, getting wetter every time he moans. I position myself over his cock and probe my pussy with the head of his stiff member. I have to ease my way down -- his cock is thick, and my pussy is tight. It's an exhilarating combination of pain and pleasure as I slide my tight, wet pussy down his shaft. We both let out a loud moan, that first thrust is always incredible.

I raise myself up slowly, enjoying the slow pull of his cock in my pussy; I ease myself back down. It feels so good, I missed it so much. He pushes inside me as I'm easing back down. We pick up the pace as my pussy adjusts itself to the size and hardness of the perfect cock inside it. I lean forward, steadying my body with my hands on either side of his head. His hands are gripping my hips, helping my body with the rhythm as he pumps in and out of me, faster, harder. His right hand slides over my right ass cheek, and I know what's coming. 

He spanks me. I cry out with pleasure -- it's such a turn on. My reaction emboldens him, and he spanks me again, harder this time. The sting, combined with the divine feeling of his cock pumping in and out of my dripping pussy, is intoxicating. 

He rolls me over so he's on top. He's pumping faster and harder now. I beg him, "Fuck me, fuck me harder!" He obliges. His hand is at the back of my neck, and he grabs a handful of my hair and pulls. Again, the sting of it mixes with the growing ecstasy of this perfect cock fucking me, and I cry out, my head being pulled back and his mouth finding my neck. He kisses me hard, bites a little. I'm getting close again.

I can feel him getting harder and bigger inside me, and his pumping is getting faster and harder. I'm so close now, I'm moaning and screaming, and I can hear him moaning with me. He wraps his arms around me, pulls me close as he says, "I'm gonna cum!" I can feel his cock throbbing inside me as he releases his cum in my pussy, and it's enough to send me over the edge. We hold each other tight as the waves of this shared orgasm run through us both, as he empties his cock in my warm, tight pussy. Our breathing is heavy and labored, and we lay like this together until our breathing slows and calms.

He eases himself up to his arms and looks down at me, smiling and still breathing a little heavy. "I'm all sweaty," he says.

I smile, somewhat wickedly. "Shower?"