 Rick had been outside rolling his windows up on his truck when he heard the phone in his office ringing. He hurried with his task and was able to catch the phone on its fourth ring. 

After he said hello all he could hear was breathing and what sounded like a soft little whimper. He smiled to himself when he checked the caller ID and recognized his home phone. 

It was his girlfriend Becky. 

She'd been staying at his house more and more lately and he had to admit he liked it. He enjoyed having someone to cuddle up to at night and someone to wake up to in the morning. It sure didn't hurt him any that the first thing he saw each day was her gorgeous body and cute face lying next to his. 

Becky wasn't perfect by society's standards but to Rick she was the very definition of woman. She was all curves in all the right places and had this mass of red hair that he just loved to tangle his fingers in whenever possible. He loved to watch her on top of him with her hair falling down over her big breasts and her face full of pleasure. 

Rick was brought back from his visions of Becky naked by a moan from the phone. 

He was about to ask her what he could do for her when outside he heard thunder rumble. It was his answer and he grinned from ear to ear. 

Storms were a big thing for them. The smell of rain and the sound of thunder always made the two of them horny. One look at lightning in the sky and the slightest hint of a distant rumble and Becky's nipples took on a life of their own. Rick's cock would then follow in close pursuit, becoming hard within an instant. 

The storm coming must have already hit his house and the phone call was Becky's way of letting him know he was needed at home. 

Another moan into the phone brought Rick's cock to life.

"I'll be right there baby." He promised her

"Hurry Rick," She begged "I want you to fuck me so bad." 

Rick heard the phone click and go dead. That little tease, he thought to himself as grabbed his keys and locked up. She must really want it to call him at work and get him to leave early. 

Rain started to fall as he slid behind the wheel of his truck and lightning lit up the sky. It was if the bolt targeted his cock and hit it directly. He couldn't remember the last time his dick was so hard. With a quickness he started the truck and headed towards his house. 

By the time Rick pulled his truck into his driveway the storm was in full force. There was no way he'd make it to the house any other way than drenched. This didn't matter because he had no plans on staying dressed long anyway. 

He ran from the truck and into the house. It was dark and quiet inside. Becky didn't have a light on anywhere. Rick knew she'd be upstairs on his bed waiting for him. 

Thunder shook the house as he started to climb the stairs. Stripping out of his clothes along the way, Rick reached the top of the stairs naked. 

Becky could be heard now as he closed in on his room. He came around the corner of the door and stepped into the room. 

It was lit with candles and he realized that maybe the house was dark due to no power. This would make the sex even better. Devouring Becky's body by candlelight was such a treat. The way the light hit her soft skin made her all female and all seductive. 


Rick looked at her in the light and felt the heat from her nakedness head right for his cock. It throbbed with more desire than he thought possible. 

There she was lying on her back with her legs spread. Moans of pleasure filled the room as he watched her insert her favorite vibrator into her pussy. 

He could tell Becky's pussy was soaked by the glistening of her toy in the shimmering light. 

One of her hands was working on her nipple, pinching it hard enough to cause her to arch her back. Rick's urge to take her other nipple deep into his mouth became to strong to resist and he pounced on her with an animal like growl. 

Becky forgot about her toy long enough to weave her fingers in his hair and hold him as he sucked on her nipple. 

Her back arched and her hips humped air as Rick's teeth caught her nipple and tugged hard on it. 

With his free hand he reached between them and guided Becky's abandoned vibrator out of her pussy and up over her clit. 

As lightning filled the room she cried out loud and begged to be fucked. 

Although Rick really wanted to take his time on her and pay her back for teasing him, his dick was screaming for release. 

Making sure to touch over her clit once again, Rick slowly pulled her toy out and slid his body between her legs.

Instantly Becky's legs went around him as she tried to pull him to her. Rick bent her knees back towards her chest exposing her pussy to his shaft. She was opened wide for him and dripping with want. 

Wasting no time Rick penetrated her hard, fast and deep. 

"Oh God yes, Fuck me" She cried out between breaths

Each thrust brought her off the bed. Her cries of pleasure mingled with the thunder outside and in the light he saw Becky start to lose the last of her control. 

Her body arched, bringing her nipples with reach again and he couldn't help but latch on to them once more. It was her undoing. Her pussy tightened around his pulsating cock as it probed her wetness over and over again. 

Rick reached for the headboard behind her and used it to pull himself even deeper as he fucked her harder. 

"Take it," He ordered her "Take my cock and tell me how much you want it."

Becky's head tossed left to right. Her hair was all over. Her tits were bouncing under him. 

"I want it," She screamed "I want it so bad. Make me cum baby." 

Rick let go of the head board with one hand and reached down to find her clit. He rubbed over it once and her body jerked. He rubbed over it twice and she came. Her body giving in to the heat as her pussy clinched his dick. 

It was more than he could handle. He came as hard as she did, filling her deep with his seed. One final thrust sent him collapsing on her gasping for air. 

Becky's body trembled with aftershocks as they came off their high. The rain was still pouring; the thunder was still rolling all around them. 

Rick moved beside her and swept her hair from her face. When her eyes met his, he smiled.

"Hi Honey, I'm home." He chuckled

"Mmm," She moaned "Welcome home baby."

Becky wrapped her arms around him and kissed him softly before whispering her love for him in his ear. Rick leaned in close and whispered back his plans for the rest of the night as his finger circled her nipple slowly.