 'I'd really love some feedback on both new and old stories. Please leave comments to help guide my future writing. I know some of them are long but I'm really proud of them.'

*****

Luke walked casually around to his neighbours house like he'd done a dozen time before, either to borrow something or to collect something that his mother had borrowed. This time he was going to collect their house key from Tessa who'd been given the spare set in case there were any emergencies. 

Though she'd been there a little less than a year, Tessa had quickly become close friends with Luke's mother; even enough to trust her with the keys. They were about the same age and had a lot in common. Music was where their tastes were almost direct opposites, but it gave them much glee to tease each other.

The shortest way between the house was around the back of the block of houses, through a bunch of wooden gates that were as tall as he was. The plants that grew in whatever piece of ground that hadn't been covered with concrete slabs. They barely got enough light and looked discoloured and twisted and it gave him the creeps if he stayed there too long.

The gates made little noise as they opened, Luke had been asked to oil them just before they'd gone on holiday, he'd done their gate and thought he might as well oil Tessa's too. Luke was back home by himself, he'd come a couple of days early to get ready to go back to college. He walked up the path, looking at every small thing. Looking at all the windows and any clutter laying around. Tessa's garden wasn't fancy, but it was tidy much.

As he approached the door, he squinted his eyes from the glare bouncing off of the window of the door. Luke knocked gently and spoke.

"Hello!"

There was no reply.

"Tessa?" he spoke a little louder.

Still no reply.

Cautiously he tried the door handle and found it to be open, he peered his head inside, "Tessa," he said again.

There was still no reply, but the signs seemed to show that Tessa was here. Her car was here, and she always locked the doors if she was out.

Luke walked into the narrow galley kitchen which was at the back of the house. He wasn't sure if he should move quietly as not to disturb her or make some noise to announce his presence. As he kept looking around, it was only moments before he spotted his own set of house keys laying on the worktop. When he picked them up, he felt the warmth coming from the electric kettle. He brushed the back of his hand over it to make sure that the heat wasn't he imagination. It was still warm so she had to be here somewhere.

"Hello," he spoke softly again.

But there was still no answer.

His curiosity was tingling, and he wanted to make sure that everything was okay considering this was almost 4 in the afternoon. As he continued to look through the house, he still couldn't see her. But her favourite jacket was here, and her bag, and her house keys.

Luke placed his shoes at the door, the downstairs was all laminate flooring and the upstairs was all carpet, the same as in his house. Slowly he made his way up the stairs, his sock feet made his footsteps doubly silent on the thick, cream coloured, shag pile carpet.

Stopping just two steps short of the top of the stairs, he became aware of a hint of noise. Cautiously he crept around to the, slightly open, bedroom door. Another whiff of sound peaked his curiosity even more. As he moved around the door, movement caught his eye and it made him stop in his tracks.

Angling his head back a little, he peered between the narrow opening between the door and the frame to find Tessa sitting up on her bed. The first thing he noticed was her almost jet black hair against the contrast of everything else in that room which was light coloured. It took another second or so to realise that the rest of her body was totally naked. He moved his gaze to try and focus better and be sure of what he was seeing. Although a feeling in his gut tried to tell him that he should respect her modesty and slip away, another stirring in his body coaxed him to stay.

Tessa was sitting with her back against the full height headboard. Her knees were raised and her legs slightly parted. She was sitting comfily on her duvet which was bunched up around her. Between that, and the angle of her leg, it blocked Luke from seeing her down below. 

He could see that she was reaching down to her vagina and playing with both hands; her more than ample breasts rested on her forearms and bounced slightly. One hand stroked the inside of her thigh while she used the other to stimulate herself.

"Luke" she then spoke.

With a thump of his heart, a pulse of electricity surged through his body and his legs jerked as if the floor had given way beneath his feet. He stared through the crack and found that her eyes still seemed to be closed. Even if her eyes had been open, Tessa was facing towards the far wall and not looking through the door at him.

"Luke," she came again softly as she continued to rub herself.

This time he was sure that she hadn't in fact seen him, she was fantasising about him!

Tessa then let out several soft moans instead of his name.

Luke was forced to moisten his lips with the tip of this tongue.

A motion on the bed then suddenly made him jerk out of the way of her gaze. As he peered back to see what was happening, she still hadn't opened her eyes. Looking to see what was happening, he saw that with the hand that had been on her thigh was now tugging at the duvet and making herself more comfortable. With a flick of her arm, she flung the quilt over the bed to flatten it out of the way.

Luke waited a moment before finding the best angle again, he watched as Tessa slide her whole body a little further down the bed and flattened her left leg out of the way. As she moved, the material of the sheets made it's unique and pleasing sound. Although it wasn't loud, it tickled his ears. When she released her right hand, Luke heard the distinctive sound of the gentle slap of elastic. Although he still couldn't see it, his ears told him that she was actually wearing something down below. Whatever it was seemed to be too loose fitting to be panties, he couldn't quite see what it was.

As she continued to move around, something in his heart then dropped. A suspicion that was only now reaching his brain. The patterning on the garment had a familiar feel to it, he took a step closer to the door and tried to get a closer view. Tessa pulled at the material to give herself access with a toy that she'd just picked up with her right hand from her far side. 

By now Luke was sure of what it was. She was wearing patterned boxer shorts. His boxer shorts!

Luke had got them last year for Christmas; green plastic army men patterned on shiny silver shorts. He went onto his tiptoes to give himself an extra five or so inches in height. Nikki's movement soon revealed something else. 

In her left hand, she now held a red material that he quickly began to suspect that was another pair of his boxer shorts. She gently worked them against the top of her thigh, so close to where she was toying. 

The double shock hit him. His eyes stared straight ahead, but nothing was getting to his brain. Luke was just in his own world. 

He had forgotten for a moment that he was on his toes, as he tried to keep his balance he overcompensated and lost his balance. To stop himself from smacking his face against the edge of the door, he had to bring his hands out quickly in front of him. One made a thud against the wall and the other landed on the edge of the doorframe. Although the door moved a few inches, it squeaked; unlike the gate outside. 

As he peered back through the gap in the door he found her eyes to be looking at him. Her head was bobbing back and forth, trying to see who it was. Luke was frozen, he just kept staring through the gap. Tessa kept looking back at him, still motioning her head from side to side. She picked up the quilt around herself to at least cover some of herself up.

Luke's heart was beating hard. He wanted to run, but he knew he had to confront her. And despite what she'd apparently done, she didn't deserve to think it was some crazy stalker behind the door. Tessa looked frightened; or at the very least, beyond nervous.

"Who's there!" came a shaky voice.

Luke closed his eyes and took a deep breath, he took one step into the room stopping right behind the door. He needed another breath before he stepped out to reveal himself.

Tessa's eyes widened as she saw who it was.

"Oh god," her voice spoke, "Luke."

In the space of a few seconds, her throat had gone dry. She swallowed deeply.

"How long have you been standing there!?" her voice stammered slightly the sounds of the words.

Luke also tried to swallow.

"Long enough to see what you're wearing," he responded.

She looked downwards at his boxer shorts even though she was covered up.

"And to see what's in your hand," he motioned with his eyes to the second pair of his boxer shorts which she was still holding in her exposed hand.

Tessa tried to drop them but they were entangled in her fingers.

"I..." she began.

Luke turned away slightly to protect her modesty. Although it was probably too late for that.

"I've also been just long enough to hear the name you said at least a couple of times."

This time Tessa's head dropped a little further, and it was a look of shame.

Luke gave her a minute to compose herself. In truth, he wasn't sure what to say either.

She was the first to raise her head; moistness in the corners of her eyes.

He turned his head back to look at her, he had seen her movement in the corner of his eye.

"I'm sorry," she spoke.

"Why would you do this!?"

Her shoulders hunched.

"I don't know," she spoke.

"There must be something."

She was barely trying to cover herself up, her breasts hung there, fully exposed.

"I just wanted to make myself feel good, try something new, a little risky," she admitted.

"Risky," he repeated, "it's dirty!"

"I'm sorry," she pleaded.

"I can't believe you used our house key for this. Did you sneak into mom and dad's room too!?"

"No," she answered firmly. Her next words were much more soft, "just yours," she admitted.

"But why my stuff."

"Because you're nice to me," she answered simply. "I wanted to think about being with someone who is nice to me."

"Were you imagining that that was me," he nodded towards the toy laying beside her on the bed. The dildo was bright pink, almost fluorescent. It was about ten inches and was shaped just like a real cock with a bulbous tip. Ripples pulled back foreskin just below the head and thick veins covered every inch of it and give it texture and sensation. It had a black and red tip at the root of the fake cock. Luke wasn't sure if it was a vibrator or not, it could well have been where the batteries went in; he just didn't know enough to be sure.

"Imagine how bad this would be if it was the other way around. If I'd come in into your house, and started looking through your underwear." He was holding back from raising his voice. It wasn't anger trying to raise his tone, but he couldn't describe what it was he felt inside either.

"I'm not sure if it would feel like a different situation or not," her mind was going round and round.

Luke's fingers twitched as he looked around the room, he saw a large pine set of drawers behind where the door was.

"Would it be different," he spoke as he approached the set of drawers. Although blocking his exit hadn't been his intention, he had to shut the door to get to them, 

Tessa still made no effort to cover up her body, Luke glanced over towards her sometimes; his eyes inadvertently kept making contact with her breasts but he couldn't help it.

Luke stood in front of the drawer, almost as if to make a statement about it.

"How would you feel if I started looking through your drawers," he kept his voice low and gauged her reaction. If what he was about to do was going to visibly upset her, he'd stop; he just wanted to show her his point.

He opened the top drawer needing both hands, one for each knob. When he pulled out all the way he found a selection of neat cotton panties of various shapes and colours. To their left was a pile of bra's, their cups stacked together, some of them obviously made matching sets. Judging her reaction, which seemed strangely distant, he began to pick up her cotton panties and show them to her.

"How does this make you feel," he still kept his voice in check.

She shrugged, but in no way became visibly upset. Luke couldn't exploit her in her state. Even though what she'd done didn't seem natural to him, there were far worse crimes in this world.

As his finger felt their way around the various soft materials, he felt a stirring in his loins. A feeling that was unsettling in nature. In response, he placed the underwear back in the drawer and gently closed it.

Reaching for the next set of drawers he opened them, he found more underwear; but this time it looked more like delicate lingerie. Brightly coloured, almost see through some parts of them. 

As he kept looking at the various sets he couldn't help but touch them too. The sensation he was experiencing this time weren't so unsettling... but they were different. At one side of the drawer, he saw a small pink towel that looked out of place in her collection. With his mere fingertips he moved the towel away to find a collection of various toys lined up in a row. There was a gap where the one that she was using looked like it could sit.

Luke's heart began to race in a different way, most of what was sitting in front of him were things that he'd only seen in magazines or pictures from the internet. There one made of glass, another made from cold looking stainless steel. There was a tiny one that was only the size of a finger. A bright purple rabbit vibrator, and another realistic shaped one that was made of black silicone. There was even a vibrating egg tethered to its battery pack. It was worrying how familiar some of these things were to him. 

"I still can't believe you were thinking about me when you were doing that," he turned back to her.

She shied away.

"It felt naughty" Tessa answered, "it felt nice."

"It was dirty," he reminded her.

"Dirty can be good," she said coyly, "sometimes."

Luke looked at her.

"I'm sorry things turned out like this, I didn't want you to find out," she apologised.

He nodded tensely.

"Why do you want to do this, when you have all this," he pointed at the drawer, "don't they make you feel good."

"Sometimes feeling good just isn't enough, I wanted to feel connected to something; to someone."

"It's hard for me to understand why you feel this loneliness. You're pretty, you're confident."

Tessa's face lifted.

Luke continued.

"You're funny and fun. And I guess apart from this, pretty normal."

The room fell silent, the only sounds that could be heard were the everyday sounds of the traffic and the odd scream coming from outside from children making the most of the holidays.

Tessa blinked her eyes, hard. It was as if to wake herself from the situation.

"Could you hand me something from the drawer so I can get dressed, I'll give you these back; I'm sorry," her voice was only a breath louder than a whisper.

Luke looked for something, but he couldn't really tell what was what, he just grabbed a pile of something and placed it on the bed beside her as delicately as he could. He had to lean right over the kingsize bed to get to her side. Still making no effort to cover herself up his eyes fixed on her body, on her bountiful breasts. As he stood back up he couldn't avert but his eyes, Tessa watched his reaction to her body. Luke's lungs drew in a sharp intake of breath through his nose, there was no way she couldn't have been aware of how hard it was.

Picking up the pile of clothes she'd been given, she slowly crawled off the other side of the bed stood up. Luke tried to look at her eyes which seemed to glow with an amazing blue that both contrasted and complimented the shining sun outside. He turned away as she was about to removed her boxer shorts and exposed her full body to him.

Luke watched the motions of her getting dress with the silhouette she cast on the wall that he was now facing. He heard her soft footsteps on the carpet as she stepped out of his boxer shorts. Luke heard the soft thud as she dropped his boxers to the floor, they even made a sound as they brushed off the carpet. 

The next sound Luke heard was as they thumped against the head of the bed only an arms reach from him, he looked down at them with the corners of his eyes. First came the ones that she'd been holding in her hand; then the ones she was wearing. He tried to face in the opposite direction as best he could but even her silhouette was like an exotic dancer.

Her shadow teased him as she got dressed. She wriggled her hips as she put on her panties first. Next, her shoulders swung from side to side as she slipped into her bra. He heard the telltale 'snap' of the straps.

Luke closed his eyes and tried to get certain images out of his head, but in trying to do so he just made the images worse. As Luke opened his eyes again, he watched Tessa's shadow disappear from view as she walked to the foot of the bed. Now she'd blocked him from leaving as she was right by the door. By now Luke was practically facing into the corner of the room, still like a naughty child.

As he listened to Tessa continue to get herself dressed, he reached picked up his boxer shorts from the bed. Luke tried to fumble for them with his hands, but he had to look at them before he managed to get a grip of them both. As he looked down at them he could feel their warmth in his hand. They weren't cool like when he put on a new pair in the morning, they were warm from her skin. Working them around in his hands he could feel what could only be described as a moistness, they weren't wet; just moist. 

Something else then hit him, their smell. What was coming off of them wasn't some kind of perfume or body wash that she'd been using. What he was smelling... was her! 

As it entered his lungs, he would feel a warmth stirring from deep within him. Something that he had no control over and was at its very essence animalistic. What he was smelling could only be described as sex; there was no other word for it.

Luke suddenly found himself fighting the urges that were flooding through his body, something that he knew he shouldn't be feeling. His adrenaline was already on a high after entering this situation. This was different, but it seemed to be somehow feeding off that same adrenaline.

His mouth was going dry again, he tried as best he could to keep it moist.

"Do you h-have these kinds of feelings about y-younger guys," he stammered.

"Depends on the guy," she gave a soft answer. "It's not something that I can easily describe, someone age isn't really part of it. Sometimes it's their looks, or their body, or their attitude; something that people can have at any age." 

Luke half turned to her, but stopped before he saw anything beyond a glimmer in the corner of his eye.

"I mean don't you find different people attractive," she began. "An actress, a sports person, a singer, a weather presenter, someone you see at college. Blonde, brunette; slender, petite; dark eyes, blue eyes; athletic, or fake boobs the size of volleyballs," her voice changed as she probed him.

Her last comment made him smile, but he wasn't sure if she'd seen him do it.

"When you ... you know," she began. "Are you going to tell me that nobody you think about is older than say... twenty-four. Only just a little older than you are."

Luke went silent.

"Who do you think about?" she asked him.
