 As I lay in my bed, my heart starts to long for the company of yours. The walls that once barricaded warm thoughts and sweet whispers of the heart, now yearn for the heat of the love and adoration you have for me. 

Do you know that when I am in your presence and I feel you near I feel as though there is nothing I cannot do? I feel invincible, like nothing can stop me. That confidence that radiates from deep inside you feeds me and makes me strong. When your arms are wrapped around me I may as well be protected by a thousand angel warriors, because that is how safe you have made me feel. When you place your fist around my hair and pull me close, I know that is exactly at that moment where you want me to be, and I feel the sweetness of your heart beat against my ear. I dreamed for what seemed like a thousand nights of how good I would feel finally being in your control. I never came close to how at home I felt the first time my lips brushed across yours.. 

That day I saw you walk away, I felt a part of me going with you. That part of me that no one gets to see, and I wanted so badly to be able to go with you. The part of me that went home with you, is who I am when no one is looking. It is the me you have come to know. That is the part of me that feels deeper than anyone could know, it is the most vulnerable side of me, full of contrasts. It is the sweet innocent girl that needs a tender touch, but it is also the nasty slut that needs to be used and taken. It is my dark side, and my innocence, it is my submission to only you, it is the courage you gave me the moment you looked me in the eye and told me I was yours. See, all of that went with you because it is yours. Every thought since, has had you in it . I will be strong until I am allowed to see that wonderful smile beaming across at me when I am laying next to you. That strength will have to come from you, in and of myself I do not posses it. The need I have for you is greater than anything I have ever needed in my whole life. The devotion and trust I have for you surpass anything I have ever felt. The gratitude I have for the place in your life and the love you have for me in your heart are unspeakable, I cannot even describe that. 

As I sit here trying to find some way to let you know how much I need you in my life, I am stricken with emotions that are so strong. I never thought I would pass this way again, trusting someone to own every word, thought, action, and deed. I never thought I would feel beautiful again yet, already, I am feeling more and more confidant, and motivated to be everything you expect in me. I want to have all the poise and grace, and beauty you want standing by your side. I miss you. Please do not be long. I have needed you my whole life. And I certainly need you now. 

I miss you so much. I miss your voice, your touch, your smell, and most of all your manliness... I miss being able to please you like this... 

I go down on my knees in front of you, you spread your legs. I gently lift your soft penis, rolling it so very softly around my fingers whilst caressing your balls with my left hand. I blow at your little head lightly, delighting in watching it throb at my touch. I take you whole in my mouth and suckle you, loving the way you grow larger in my warm enclosure. But I quickly stop. I want to prolong your pleasure. I slip you out of my mouth and leave you quivering. 

I flick out my tongue, and begin to softly, ever so softly lick under your balls, the soft spot below. My soft moist tongue run across your balls, I slide from left to right, and top to bottom, making sure your balls are covered. I even slide down under to make sure that I reach the area just beneath your balls. I breath in deeply. I Love the smell of you. Then slowly, I open my mouth to cover your right ball and softly, slowly suck it all in. I alternate between licking and sucking your balls... one after the other. 

I watch as you grow harder each passing second. After a while, I lift my head to inspect your cock, which has been purposely neglected. Starting from the base, I kiss your precious cock all over. I plant little butterfly kisses all the way to the top...careful not to have too much contact. I want to tease you. When I reach the top, I give a little flick between your slit, to taste the precum that has seeped through. My moist tongue comes out now, and I give little, tiny little licks all over your beautiful cock, like I'm licking an ice cream (but much more delicious, of course). lovingly. I concentrate on the underside of your head. I keep doing that, kiss, lick, suckle. Kiss lick suckle... 

Then, when you think you can't take it any more (you're so hard now, you're straining against my hands), I position my mouth directly over your head. My mouth open wide, I slide down your shaft.. slowly. You feel first the tip of your mouth go past my lips, then my teeth. I stop just to tickle your little cap with my tongue. You just want to push my head all the way down, but you know I know what I am doing. Slowly, I begin to move downwards, half of you is inside my mouth already. I begin a sucking motion, creating a kind of soft vacuum. I come up, all the way to the top and then move down, with slow, constant movement and pressure. Soon you feel your head touching the back of my mouth... but I continue to move downwards more... Then you hear me take a deep breath, and then.. pop, your shaft slides into my throat, and my lips touches your pubic hair. I begin to wiggle the back of my tongue, to stroke the underside of your head. I slide up and go down again, sucking a little harder this time. I stop when your head is in my throat, then, I try to swallow, and you feel my throat tighten around your shaft...Feels good doesn't it? .....I miss and need you with me baby.