 When I woke, Ria was still asleep in my arms. I shifted position slightly, and she stirred, opening her eyes. "Morning, lover."

I smiled, kissing the tip of her nose. "Morning yourself. Sleep OK?"

"Never better."

Ria pulled gently out of my arms, sitting on the edge of the bed. "I'll get us some breakfast."

She reached for her t-shirt. "Don't want to give the neighbours too much of a shock when I go down to the kitchen."

I watched as she walked gracefully to the door, then down the stairs. I heard cupboards opening and closing, and the clatter of plates, and a few minutes later she reappeared with a tray. "Croissants and jam all right for you?"

"Mm, perfect."

She sat down, swinging her legs back onto the bed, and broke a piece off the first croissant, feeding it to me. I took it with my lips, kissing her fingers, and chewed slowly. "Just right."

When we'd finished eating, I smiled at her. "So what's on the cards today?"

She grinned. "Well, since you pampered me so thoroughly yesterday, I thought it could be your turn."

I thought for a moment. "So what pampering do I need? Fingernails?" Ria shook her head. "Yours are just right as they are -- I love it when you just drag them across my skin, not quite scratching."

Again I saw a brief frisson of pleasure run through her. "Especially on my breasts, just catching the tips of my nipples when they're hard."

"I'll remember," I promised. "So if not my fingernails, what?"

"Hair," she decided. "And I think we'll need the razor again."

"So am I going to sit in the bath?" I queried.

She shook her head again. "Let's go down to the kitchen -- I can just sweep up with the dustpan."

We went downstairs, and Ria put a kitchen chair in the middle of the floor. I sat down, and heard her rummaging in a drawer. "Here it is."

There was the sound of something being plugged in, then I jumped as something buzzed loudly in my ear. "It's only the clippers, silly," Ria teased.

"Going to turn me into a billiard ball?" I asked.

She thought for a moment. "Hmm, no. I like your hair short, just a bit fuzzy, but it has to be long enough that I can still tangle my fingers in it when..."

Her voice trailed off, and I smiled. "I get it."

She switched on the clippers again, and began to run them evenly over my scalp, the hair falling to the floor. "There."

She picked up the dustpan and brush, and knelt on the floor to begin sweeping, her t-shirt riding up to give me a clear view of her behind. "Nice view," I commented.

"Just looking?" she teased, and I shook my head. I knelt behind her, and cupped her smooth mound in my hand, bending to touch her pink rosebud delicately with my tongue.

"Ahh..." she whispered. "That feels good."

I continued to tongue her, and gently slipped a finger inside her now-wet entrance, brushing her clitoris with the pad of my thumb. She gasped, and put her palms on the floor, oblivious to the scattered hair. I touched her more insistently, and after a few moments I felt her muscles ripple, a soft moan escaping her lips as I probed a little harder with my tongue. "Mmmmm......."

I pulled her toward me, wrapping my arms around her, and buried my face in her hair. "Darling..."

Her breathing slowed, and she folded her arms over mine. "Mm -- I like it when we start the day like that."

She retrieved the dustpan, and finished sweeping, tipping the gathered hair into the bin. "Now for your next bit of pampering. Let's go back up."

I followed her into the en-suite, and she glanced at me. "Now you do sit on the edge of the bath, I think."

I complied, and she turned on the shower, directing the spray towards my stomach and reaching for the can of shaving foam, her intent obvious. "Hey," I protested, smiling. "Don't I get a say in this?"

Ria shook her head. "If you don't like it, we don't have to do it again."

She sprayed foam into her hand, and applied it liberally to me, then picked up the razor. "Anyway, it's a safety razor -- I'm not asking you to let me loose down there with a cutthroat, am I."

I leaned across to kiss her. "Darling, I'd trust you."

She began to move the razor through the foam, rinsing the blade every so often, and I watched fascinated as she exposed smooth skin. Finally she put down the razor and directed the shower over me again, washing the remaining foam down the plughole. "Wow."

"Definitely," I agreed.

"Now we shower you," Ria decided, pulling the curtain across and putting the spray head in its holder. She picked up the shower gel and soaped me liberally, then caught my eye, grinning. She stepped closer to me, pressing her breasts against my chest and sliding them up and down so I could feel her hard nipples against my skin. "Good job you don't have a hairy chest, or I'd have to shave that too -- it'd be like shaving a rug!"

I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her closer and kissing her as the water sluiced over both of us. "Love you..."

When the soap was washed away, she said almost regretfully, "OK, time to get out." "Don't I need a shave?" I queried. "The usual way, I mean."

Ria shook her head. "I like it when you're just a bit scratchy, when you rub your chin against my back, or my bottom, or..."

She turned off the water, and stepped from the shower, holding out a towel to me. I quickly dried, and followed her into the bedroom, finding her holding the bottle of scented oil. "You're going to put that on me?" I grinned.

"Sure -- there isn't a problem with men smelling nice, is there?"

I sat on the bed, and she poured oil into her palms, starting to smooth it over my chest, her fingers brushing my nipples. "Mmm," I said, "nice."

She continued downwards, starting to apply the oil to my just-shaved skin, then wrapping her slippery hands around my erection. "This has possibilities," she murmured.

She bent, kissing my tip then sliding me between her lips. I felt the velvety inside of her mouth, then her tongue exploring my tip. "Mm, think you're leaking a little... Tastes nice."

"I'll do more than leak if you keep on like that," I managed, and I felt her smile. "What I had in mind all along," she said, amusement in her voice.

Ria moved her hands more insistently, her tongue now swirling over my tip and round my shaft, and as I'd done the previous day, I grasped her ponytail in my hand. "Yes, darling, go for it."

She quickened her movements, making quiet sucking sounds as she slid me in and out of her mouth, and I closed my eyes. "Oh... nearly... there... Mmmmmmm..."

I tensed, spurting into her mouth, then again and again. She swallowed once, twice, then moved her head back, parting her lips slightly to let me see, and running her tongue around them. "Mm -- amazing."

She swallowed again, then tilted her face up. "Kiss me."

Our lips touched, and just for a moment she darted her tongue into my mouth so I caught a hint of the taste she'd just enjoyed so much.

After a few moments I broke the kiss. "Darling, that was fantastic. Are you ready for anything else? It might take me a while to recover..."

She shook her head. "Let's get dressed -- I'd like to go out."

I gave her a puzzled smile, but pulled on clothes. "This do?"

"Perfect."

I watched as she put on a white lacy bra and matching panties, then a crisp blouse and a soft fawn skirt. "You look very... demure?" I offered.

"Exactly what I was aiming for," she chuckled. "Now, let's go."

I locked the front door behind us, and she offered me her hand. "It's not far."

We walked for a few minutes, and I glanced aside every so often to look at Ria, hardly able to believe that such a beautiful, passionate creature really wanted to be mine.

"Here," she pointed, and I glanced up to see a path leading up to a stone-built church, its wooden door open invitingly. I realised that for the last few minutes the bell had been tolling, calling the congregation to the service, and I looked at Ria. "This is what you wanted?"

She nodded. "I know I don't show it, but I've always thought there's something, well, beyond us, something higher. Anyway, didn't somebody say that the main problem with not believing in God is that when you're feeling grateful, there's nobody you can thank."

She squeezed my hand. "And today I'm feeling particularly grateful."

We went through the door, the white-haired vicar nodding at us, and Ria turned towards a set of wooden stairs in one corner. "Nobody ever sits in the balcony," she whispered, "so we can have it to ourselves."

The stairs led to a sloping balcony, and I followed Ria to the front row, sitting next to her on a deeply-padded pew. "This is more comfortable than I'd expected."

The organ began to play, and we watched as the choir processed down the aisle, taking their places. They started to sing an anthem, and their voices rose into the vaulted ceiling like angels. The vicar began the service, and when the first hymn was over, we sat down again, Ria leaning close into my shoulder. A young woman approached the lectern, and began to read.

"While the king was at his table, my perfume spread its fragrance. My beloved is to me a sachet of myrrh resting between my breasts. My beloved is to me a cluster of henna blossoms from the vineyards of En Gedi."

She sat down again, and I turned to Ria, pretending to fan my face. "I didn't know the Bible had that kind of thing in it -- I thought it was all smiting, and 'Thou shalt not'."

She grinned. "Lots of things you don't know." She put her hand behind my head, and drew me gently down towards her. "While you weren't looking, I made good use of that oil we've been enjoying so much."

She took a deep breath, her breasts rising towards me, and I caught the distinctive scent of the aromatic oil rising from between them. "Mmm. Did you know that would be today's reading?"

Ria shook her head. "But things work together for good..."

I kissed her. "True. But I think we'd better pay attention again."

"Spoilsport," she teased. "Anyway, I think I can come up with something else to distract you."

She took my hand, and slid my fingers inside the waistband of her skirt. "Demure maybe, but still plenty of possibilities."

I took her hint, sliding my hand further down till I met the top of her panties, then slipping my fingers inside to caress her smooth mound. "I still can't believe how much I like what you got me to do," I whispered.

She shifted, moving her legs apart a little to give me access, and I felt wetness, and the hard nub that was her clitoris, beginning to stroke it with the tip of a finger. She leaned closer into me, her mouth next to my ear, and blew gently so that I shivered. "Don't stop."

As I caressed her, her breathing quickened, and both of us became lost in our own world, oblivious to the measured words of the vicar giving his message. Ria's fingers tightened on my arm, and I felt the tip of her tongue explore my ear briefly, then her breath again, now coming in gasps. "I'm... going to..." she managed, then I felt her quiver, the old wooden pew shifting slightly beneath us as she clasped her thighs around my hand, suppressing her moans against my cheek.

She looked up at me, her eyes shining. "Something else to be grateful for..."

The organ started the last hymn, and I carefully withdrew my hand, letting Ria adjust her skirt before standing to sing. At the end of the hymn, the vicar gave the blessing, and as the organ played again, we slipped down the stairs, nodding to the vicar as we left.

"Wow," I said as we reached the end of the path. "Thanks, Ria, for making this such a special day."

"Not over yet," she grinned. "Come on, I know where we can go for lunch."

Just along the road, by the canal, was an old pub, now a carvery, and we found a table then queued up for our food. "So what would you like to do this afternoon?" I asked Ria as we began to eat. "Scuba diving? Rocket ride?"

She smiled softly. "Maybe another time. Today I just want you all to myself, back in our own bed again."

We finished our meal, and I glanced at Ria. "Dessert?"

She chuckled. "Of course -- but not here."

I paid our bill, and we walked back out into the afternoon sunshine, turning back towards the house. I opened the front door, and as it closed behind us, Ria was in my arms, trembling. "Kiss me," she whispered.

Our lips met, more tenderly than I could ever remember, and I wrapped my arms around her, holding her gently. "Are you OK, darling?" I whispered.

She nodded. "Let's go upstairs, I want you just to hold me for a while."

When we reached the bedroom, she quickly undressed and got into bed, leaving the covers open for me. I pulled off my clothes and got in beside her, and she turned onto her side facing away from me, so that I could wrap my arms around her and draw her close to me. After a while I felt her shaking, and I lifted my hand to her cheek feeling wetness. "What's wrong, darling?"

She shook her head. "It's OK. Love you..."

I held her, and after a few minutes her breathing slowed and I could tell she was sleeping. I kissed her hair, and closed my own eyes, dozing off...