 It was a rainy summer's evening in New Orleans. The rain was heavy, drenching all that was beneath in but a few seconds. Thunder rolled up above, and lightning danced across the sky, lighting the world in fitful, ecstatic bursts, and occasionally a gust of wind would toss a flurry of leaves into the air. In short, it was a beautiful night. At least I thought so. The downpour came after a hot and muggy day...one of those days you can actually see the clouds forming...in fact now, you could see the occasional wisp of steam rolling along cobblestone pavements, as well as coming down off the roofs. The water came down in thick sheets, the brief gusts of wind making umbrellas and other shelters all but useless. It didn't stop people from trying though, much to my amusement. Men ran by with soggy newspapers or with briefcases above their heads as a semblance of protection. Almost everyone scowled at me as I walked along the sidewalks, seemingly against the hurrying, dodging crowd. I was in heaven. I loved this weather, I couldn't understand why others ran from it. My T-shirt clung to my tall, wiry frame, as did my jeans, and my light brown hair was plastered to my head (looking much darker because wet), but I wouldn't have had it any other way. My glasses had small droplets covering them, but I didn't mind as the water ran off them as quickly as it poured down. The clowns who ran by me somehow seemed aggravated that I didn't seek shelter like the rest of them. But even if I hadn't liked the weather, I would not have been hiding under any newspapers. The damage was done (if you called it that) with the first sky burst. What would a newspaper do? Watching their antics was almost as amusing as the weather was invigorating. I hopped a little as I headed down the street, and twirled a bit as I looked up, and opened my mouth to taste the rain. If there was any acid coming through, I couldn't taste it, rain always tasted clean to me, better than any bottled water. 

I had no particular destination in mind when I left the coffee shop, I simply had known that exposed to the elements was where I wanted to be. I wanted to feel the rain, and the chill of an occasional gust of wind. I even enjoyed the occasional wet slap of a leaf tossed at my face by the wind. If I could have whistled, I would have. However, overly wet lips don't tend to whistle. Humming, however, was fair game.

The park proved to be my destination, and for a moment I could see why, possibly, others might be uneasy and frightened by weather like this. The darkness of the woods was most definitely uninviting, if it weren't for the occasional flash of lightning, the shadows might have made me avoid it. I wandered in, and was slapped by a sudden gust of wind, seemingly funnelled through the trees...I shivered involuntarily a moment, and seriously considered simply turning back the way I came...but then, suddenly, a following wind came through, and seemed almost to caress me, rather than buffet. I stood there a moment, wondering if it was my imagination...in the breeze I had caught a whiff of jasmine, or lilac. Storms always energised me, filled me with a portion of the energy which whipped the clouds about, or persuaded them to give us light-shows. However, in that moment, I felt that a more potent magic was at work, drawing me on...

The darkness lit often with flashes of lightning, and thunder rolled above. I marvelled at the shadows, eerie and dancing in the intermittent light, and was glad of my choice. The statues in the park seemed alive, as did the trees. Eyes appeared and disappeared, the lightning revealing occasionally the sources, a bedraggled and wet owl, a crow, a raccoon or skunk. Despite the rainy weather, I saw more animals than on a sunny day, and I wondered what kept them out, when most would be more happy in a hole somewhere...they seemed almost to be keeping a vigil.

That was when I saw her, a blue silhouette, at first, twirling up ahead in the distance. I blinked, wondering if I'd seen anything at all as she slipped behind a tree and disappeared. Then I saw the apparition again. It was a woman, without mistake. Her curves were perfect, and she moved with cat-like suppleness. She was without a doubt the most ravishing creature I'd ever seen. I found myself moving to the nearest statue, a large rendition of a Greek muse, not because I necessarily wished to be unseen, but rather because my knees had gone weak. She appeared human, but on this night, I felt certain she couldn't be. She was a goddess, and I was rapt, completely enchanted. Like Actaeon, I was unable to look away, certain that I was a doomed man for interloping in Diana's grove.

 She was a goddess in my eyes, to be sure. Her skin was a soft golden bronze, and her eyes a bewitching dark brown, almost black in the flash of lightning that lit her dancing form. Her hair was plastered to her back, as she moved, dark chestnut brown, and the blue I had seen was her sundress, plastered too, like a second skin. She strutted, danced softly, and sensually, occasionally pirouetting as a roll of thunder echoed overhead... her nipples, hard from the chill but still comfortable rain, jutted out as if daring anyone to look, or perhaps, daring anyone to look away. Her eyes slanted slightly, making me wonder if perhaps indeed I had found an elf or a nymph of the forest... Her ears were covered by dark strands of soaked hair, so I could not see if they were pointed, but she seemed entirely too much a magical being for me to seek out a mundane explanation. Her lips were soft and full, and I licked the rain from my lips, wishing nothing more than to taste them, knowing they'd quench my current thirst better than any liquid, even this sweet rain.

Her dance became slow and sensual, and her exotic eyes closed as she tilted her head up to the cloudy night sky, letting the rain fall into her open lips, laughing like a child. There was nothing childlike about her body, or her actions however, save perhaps a sense of innocence, of acting on pure impulse. As she had danced, her sundress had ridden up her thighs, almost to the point of leaving nothing to the imagination. Her hands wandered down as she twirled, and gripped the bunched material, and pulled slowly up as she danced and twirled...I saw the milky skin of her buttocks, the smooth pink of her pussy, shaved clean to my surprise, and then the roundness of her hips, the curves of her belly... Her breasts were not large, but firm and perfectly formed, and her nipples as hard and turgid as pencil erasers. She danced without a care, singing softly to herself in a language I did not know. 

Her hands wandered her body, as she moved, almost as if washing herself clean, but more slowly and sensually. Her hands soon began to focus their attention on her breasts, and her voice took on a husky undertone as it sang...her fingers rolled over her nipples, hard and erect, squeezing them and teasing them. Her song was broken by a loud moan, and her dance began to slow, as she began to move towards the same statue I hid behind, her eyes half-lidded and oblivious to everything but her own pleasure. She turned and leaned back against the statue, as if her knees had gone weak. Her hands moved from her breasts, down her stomach, to the bare mound below, and I could no longer see what she did from my angle...I could hear her soft moans, her cries of self-pleasure, and knew I couldn't resist much longer...in fact no longer.

She moaned continuously, as her fingers worked her clit faster and faster...fascinated, I watched her, looking down at her pussy, soaking wet, liquid oozing down her leg, obviously not water, though water streamed down her body, at her fingers pumping wetly into her sopping cunt, then up at her face, twisted into a grimace of sensual pleasure, as she began to whisper..."OOooh, fuck me....yeah....oh god baby...oh fuck me hard....yeah...oh yeah....oooooh..." I moaned and slipped my hand behind her head, and pulled her to me, crushing her lips to mine, tongue invading her mouth...She responded immediately, a sharp cry of animal lust escaping her lips, her tongue darting into my mouth, and wandering hungrily...then she stiffened, and I saw her, looking frightened, into my eyes...lips still against mine, but her fingers having stopped in her wet pussy. Bewildered, she whimpered...pulling away and asking..."Who....how?" I kissed her lips very softly, and whispered softly..."I won't hurt you...I only want to worship a goddess..." My hand slid to her breast, and I pinched her nipple softly, and her reaction surprised me in its' ardour. She collapsed against me, a cry of pleasure escaping at my touch, and her lips crushed mine, her leg sliding around my thigh, pulling herself tight against me. My fingers squeezed her nipples again, and I felt the hand that had been previously masturbating furiously, locking in a grip on my wet T-shirt. Her other hand gripped the back of my neck as she kissed me, long fingernails digging into my skin... I began to roll her nipples, and tug at them, and her head tilted back, and she cried out loudly, her hips beginning to grind furiously against my thigh. I could feel a sudden warmth gushing over my thigh, as her cries became sharp, her breath staccato, and she shook, and shook, and shook...

Panting, she finally released me, and looked into my lust filled eyes..."You...you were watching..." It wasn't a question, it was a statement. I nodded dumbly ..."Tell me that again..." she purred, looking at me, expectantly...she bit her lip, almost shyly, and I had no idea what she meant, but it didn't matter, the words she wanted to hear were spilling from my lips already. "A goddess... Oh god...my goddess, I want to worship a goddess...." As if I had buckled beneath a great weight, my knees hit the ground, and my lips found her pussy, hungrily, devotedly. In her surprise at the sudden assault, she gasped and tried to pull away, gripping my hair and trying to detach me, but soon found herself bucking in time with my thrusting tongue, and she cried out again and again, until I felt a fresh flood of warmth against my already wet face, and my tongue savoured the salty sweet musk of her juices...      I moaned and continued lapping, loving the taste of her, finding in her pussy a personal heaven, until she growled, a desperate, low sound of animal lust, and she gripped my hair and pulled hard, pulling me from the warmth of her slit, and pushing me roughly back, so I fell hard, my back in the mud... She stood over me, glaring at me, and in a momentary flash of lightning looked like an avenging spirit...I was almost frightened, till she half whispered, half growled "My turn..." and was suddenly straddling me, fumbling desperately at my belt, as she kissed me deeply... I almost tore my T-shirt off in my haste to remove it, as she tugged furiously at my belt, tossing it behind her as it whipped free, then fumbling with my buttons and zipper...I reached to help but she slapped my hands away, and pushed me onto my back once more... I gasped aloud as my cock burst free...and looked at her somewhat embarrassed at the white go that stained my boxers...I had cum already...but she simply laughed throatily, appreciatively, and gripped my cock tightly, giving me a look that told me not to dare move...I didn't, and don't think I could have, as her mouth engulfed my cock, sliding deep down the shaft, tongue moving against the sensitive underside of my throbbing member, her cheeks pushing inward as she began to suck...her lips slid slowly up my cock, as she sucked gently...and I moaned loudly. Her mouth released my rock hard cock with a loud pop, and she licked her lips, catching a string of precum that dribbled at the edge of her mouth. 

She looked at me with unbelievable hunger, and resumed in earnest, her mouth claiming my cock, her small hands encircling it, and pumping in tandem with her mouth, up and down my shaft...I couldn't tell from the angle I was at, and because my head thrashed back and forth as I cried out in pleasure, but I believe her fingers once again worked her pussy... She moaned loudly over my cock occasionally, giving moaning whimpers, as she sucked and licked, finally sliding her lips down to the root of my cock, and I felt her throat open to accommodate me...That was enough for me, right there...and I moaned loudly. “ Oh god...oh baby...oh goddess...I'm about to...oooh, OOOH GOD, I'M CUMMING!" She pulled back a bit, but kept me in her mouth, swallowing furiously, as I exploded again and again... and then she licked her way over my cock, lapping every spare drop, rubbing my wet cock, hot and hard, over her lips, against her cheek, and into her mouth again. I collapsed, gasping for breath... as she groaned burying her face in my pubic hair, kissing, and caressing my balls softly...   I lay there a few moments, as did she, smiling up at me, a somehow shy, yet completely wanton smile... at first I thought she was as relaxed, spent as I was, and that the smile was one of satisfaction, but the manner she began to kiss and nuzzle my cock as she rested below was becoming increasingly difficult to ignore, and when I looked at her again, it was obvious she knew it. She stroked and fondled, kissed, and sucked at the tip until I was hard once again, then she moved, pulling away from me... I reached for her, but she was quick...she stood, and began backing away from me, beckoning me with a finger, her other hand sliding along her breasts, as she swayed, and danced slowly again...I laughed, and kicked off my pants, the rest of the way, and began to follow. My mouth went dry, as she turned away, and showed her luscious, milky white ass, and bent, then slid to all fours, ass in the air, one forearm in half submerged in muddy water, her toes and knees covered too. Her other arm, other hand, slid underneath, and she spread her pussy lips, looking at me with a pleading, sensual stare. 

I moved behind her, wrapped my arm around her, and pressed the head of my cock against her slit... She moaned, and pressed back, but I held her still..."My goddess," I whispered "Tell me your name...so I can worship you forever..." She looked at me, and I saw more than simple lust. She smiled...and in a quavering voice replied. "Heather..." I pushed my cock halfway inside her... "I'm Kai, Heather...I want to do this again..." I thrust inside her..."and again..." pausing, I whispered, bending up and over her a bit to kiss her neck, and whispered..."not just tonight..." She shivered and let out a low moan... and I began to move inside her, thrusting...whispering softly..."Heather...my goddess...oh my sweet goddess..." She began to cry out loudly, and my name flew from her lips...and I knew that this rain swept park clearing was witness to something special...the joining of two souls in rapture.