 Missy smiled at me as she sipped her wine. 

It had been over two months since I last saw Missy. The last time being one of the most exciting nights of my life. We sat in the bar of the Hotel Soffitel in Chicago. We had finished a long day of meetings, now it was after midnight and we were virtually alone at a table away from the bar, the soundless television, what was left of the bar staff. We both had flights home the next day. 

We hadn’t had a chance to talk or spend any time together before now. We covered the family stuff, how is your husband, how is your wife, what have you two been doing lately, that kind of stuff. It felt a bit odd to be discussing casual matters. I admit I was having flashbacks to the night two months before. I vividly remembered Missy on the floor in front of me as I sat on the couch, the way her hand held my cock, the way her eyes held mine as her tongue ran slowly over the underside of my cock, the way her eyes closed and how she smiled when Brad eased his cock inside her from behind, the way she held her breasts for Brad to lick and suck while I fucked her on the bed, the look of her pussy stretched wide around the shaft of my cock, the swollen hood hiding her clit, the way she shuttered when she orgasmed. 

The flashbacks had given me a raging hard-on. 

“I am down in the sea of confusion ‘neath the waves of no recovery.” 

Missy was talking about something I don’t remember as the music playing in the bar caught my ear. It was Boz Scaggs. He was singing to me about us it seemed. 

“I am falling back into your spell back into your cell of no return no way to rescue me.” 

“You’ve got me under your spell again,” I told her. 

“I still see you reaching out to take your part of me.” 

Missy stopped talking and we were both silent. I looked at her to see her smiling at me. 

“Listening to the music?” she asked. 

“Through a crack in the moon I believe you. But I know this time there ain’t no use.” 

I just nodded and smiled back at her. 

“You do have me, you know,” I told her. 

“Let me check,” she chuckled before reaching over under the table and felt my cock through my pants. 

Her smile widened and she said, “I remember this cock. I remember it very well.” 

“It remembers you too. I remember you very well too. In fact I was just remembering you,” I almost whispered. 

Missy leaned back and took a long sip of her wine. Her green eyes held me sending sensual darts into my eyes, down through my stomach, straight to my cock. 

“Would you like to go for a swim?” she asked surprising me with what appeared to be a change of subject. 

“I didn’t bring a swimsuit,” I told her, “only a pair of running shorts I worked out in this morning in the health club upstairs.” 

“I’ve got no swimsuit either,” she said, “I thought I’d could use some soccer shorts and a t-shirt I brought along for the trip.” 

“Have you seen the pool?” I asked. 

“Yeah,” she confirmed, “It’s upstairs, top floor, in fact, they have an outside sunning area on the roof. Same door you used for the gym, just turn right. Nice pool, indoors, glass windows, I’ll bet the view of the city would be nice tonight.” 

“You wanna go now?” I asked. 

“Sure,” she laughed, “this place is dead. If I invited you to my room we’d just end up in bed….” 

“There’s something wrong with that?” I interrupted. 

She just continued to laugh as she stood. “Come on,” she said pulling me by the arm, “I’ll meet you there in ten minutes.” 

We walked arm in arm to the elevator. 

****** 

I was alone sitting on the side of the pool. Missy was right, the view of the city was magnificent. The hotel was near O’Hare. You could see the planes backed up in landing patterns even at this late hour. 

I heard the door open behind me and hoped it was Missy. It was. She was barefoot wearing one of hotel cloth robes. She walked to where I was sitting and leaned down to kiss me on the cheek. 

“This will be fun,” she said as she dropped the robe and dived into the deep end of the pool. She swam under water to the far end, away from me. I could see the dark shape of shorts and a clinging t-shirt. I eased down into the water and began to swim behind her. 

The water felt good, warm, caressing, soothing. I caught up with her just as she surfaced at the edge of the pool. Her blond curly hair was shaped around her head, her eyelashes wet with drops of water. I propped my elbows on the side of the pool beside her and leaning my head down on my arms. “This was a good idea,” I told her, “It feels great.” 

She put her head down on her arms and looked at me. She smiled and nodded agreement. “Did it take care of that nasty erection troubling you?” she asked with a smile. 

“Yeah,” I grinned, “but only for the time being. I fear it will return with the least amount of provocation.” 

She giggled a happy giggle. “I’m really glad to see you again, John,” she said. With that she moved closer to me and kissed me. I our lips lingered with each other. Her gentle kiss sent an electric current through me. The touch of the tip of her tongue on my tongue was so very exciting. 

She moved her mouth to my neck and pulled herself to me, holding me, inviting me, I thought, to hold her. And I did. I could feel her nipples hard under the wet t-shirt, hard and pressing against my chest. “Oh, my goodness,” she whispered with a chuckle, “it’s back already. I can feel that angry fellow pressing against my stomach.” 

“A very insistent fellow,” I whispered back to her before kissing her, insistently this time, pulling her to me firmly, wanting to show her how strongly I was feeling a need for her. She broke my embrace and began to swim away from me toward the shallow end of the pool. I wondered if I’d done something wrong, wondered if I’d gone too far, or too fast. She stopped at the shallow end with her back to me. I saw her bend down. I saw her naked ass under the water as her soccer shorts were pushed to her feet. She pulled the shorts from the water and put them on the side of the pool. With a push upwards she jumped up and sat on the side of the pool. Her legs were only slightly spread, her trimmed brown bush glistening with water. I watched as she slowly lifted one leg placing her foot on the side of the pool. Her right hand moved over her pussy lips caressing it. 

“My pussy needs some attention, John,” she smiled. 

I began to swim toward her end of the pool 

Missy was softly running her middle finger up the lips of her pussy as I settled against the wall beside her. Her lips were swollen and thick. They were shining from the water and the beginnings of her juices. 

I pushed up out of the pool and sat in a squatting position beside her. She looked at me with smiling eyes. I leaned over and kissed her. “Come with me,” I whispered into her ear. “But…” she began. “Come with me,” I told her again and rose to walk toward the robe she had left on a chair. I held it up for her to step into. With something near a groan she stood, picked up her shorts, and walked toward me, still naked beneath the wet t-shirt. She pulled the t-shirt up over her head before slipping into the robe. I watched her, thinking that her breasts were as full and firm as my memories of them. 

She began to tie the sash around her and asked where we were going. I reached out and took her hand. We walked out of the pool room, down the dim hall to the door for the weight room. I opened the door for her and she stepped in. The room was empty with bright lights burning. I found the switch on the wall and turned them off. The city lights in combination with the blue hotel sign above the windows cast a dull blue light over the room and its equipment. 

Without speaking I led Missy into the room. We turned to each other in front of the mirrored wall. She held me tightly against her. My cock was hard in my running shorts. She broke our kiss to look down at my waist. “I thought so,” she said, “I thought I could feel it.” I looked down and saw the tip of my cock sticking up through the waistband of my shorts. “It’s looking for a victim,” I told her with a laugh. 

I turned her to face the mirror. I stood behind her and opened her robe before slipping it down over her shoulders. It fell to her feet. She was beautiful, naked in front of me. We both looked at her shaded in the blue light. I reached around and put my hands flat on each of her breasts. Her nipples were hard under my palms. I began to press down and rub firmly. Missy closed her eyes and leaned back into me, the back of her head finding my shoulder. Her right hand came around behind her searching for my cock. I felt her ease her hand into the front of shorts and grip the shaft just below its head. 

She released me and began to turn. She kissed by softly and began to kneel in front of me. I watched her in the mirror as she pushed my shorts down and took the head of my cock directly into her mouth. I pulled back her hair and watched her suck me. She opened her eyes and turned them to the mirror to watch as well. The sight of her hollowed cheeks was like nothing I had experienced. She took my cock from her mouth, held it in her hand, and moved down to run her tongue slowly over my balls and back up my cock to the tip. 

She looked up at me and said, “John, I need you to fuck me, really fuck me.” 

“Wouldn’t you like me to run my tongue over your pussy, maybe suck your clit a bit?” I asked with a smile. 

“Maybe later,” she smiled back. “Now I just need you to fuck me.” 

“Stand up,” I told her. 

She did, standing slowly. I took her face in my hands and kissed her, not rushing, not pushing. I ended the kiss and began to back her toward the window. I turned her, letting her face the city at night. We were in the corner of the room, a mirrored wall on our left, the full wall window in front of us. 

“Bend over, Missy,” I told her. 

She did, turning to her left to watch us. I caught her eyes in the mirror and smiled before I looked down at her ass and pussy. Her legs were slightly spread, her full pussy lips pouting at me. I took my cock in my hand and began to nuzzle the tip up and down her slit. She wiggled slightly and began to press back to me, trying to capture the head of my cock. I positioned my cock at the mouth of her pussy and began to ease inside her. I watched as her lips moved over the edge of my head, swallowing me it seemed. I moved my right hand to her shoulder and pulled and pushed at the same time, sinking inside her completely. 

I heard her sigh and felt one of my own escape. In the mirror I could see her breasts hanging beneath her, her left hand was on the window for support, her right hand between her legs rubbing her clit. I grasped her hips and began to fuck her slowly with long strokes, watching the shaft and head of cock disappear and reappear from inside her. 

I pulled my cock from her and heard the gentle wet kiss of her pussy’s release. I leaned into her back and whispered to her. “My turn to ask something of you,” was all I said. 

I dropped to the carpeted floor beside the mirror. 

“Get on top of me. Fuck me,” I told her. 

She only smiled before stepping over me, on foot on each side of my hips. She began to rub her pussy, standing there over me, teasing me, torturing me, to be more exact. She squatted down over me, her pussy only a breath away from my throbbing cock. She took the fingers that had rubbed her pussy and ran them softly over my lips. Her scent, her taste, was exquisite. She reached between her legs, took my cock and positioned it before easing down onto me, swallowing me completely inside herself. 

“Look in the mirror,” I told her. 

The picture of us, her straddling me, my hands extended holding each of her breasts, her strong legs and ass, it was one of the most erotic pictures I had ever seen. 

She leaned toward me, one hand on each side of my shoulders, and began to fuck me rubbing her pubic bone down on mine hard in smooth even strokes. I still held each of her breasts in my hands and in a moment began to lick, suck, and gently bite each of her nipples in turn. Her breath came in gulps synchronized with her hips. 

“Oh, God,” she moaned. 

I pushed her breasts toward the middle of her chest so I could move my tongue from one nipple to the other. She began to fuck me harder, with more urgency. I knew she was cumming and I wanted it, wanted it badly. And in a moment she did cum. I felt her pussy clinch my cock, squeezing it in spasms as her juices ran down my shaft to my pubic hair and balls. She collapsed on me pressing her breasts onto my chest, her mouth at my ear. 

“Look at the mirror, Missy,” I whispered to her. 

She opened her eyes and looked. I reached down and took her ass cheeks in my hands, I moved my legs up using my feet for leverage. Then I began to fuck her, fuck up to her, using long, hard strokes. We both watched as my cock moved in and out of her. We watched her pussy mouthing me. We watched the underside of the head of my cock flash inside her. The cheeks of her ass in my hands were spread wide, she was totally exposed to the mirror and to us. 

“John,” she whimpered, “Don’t cum inside me, okay, please?” 

“I remembered,” I told her and kissed her neck. 

In the midst of one stroke, I pulled my cock from her pussy and let it move there up and down over her pussy and asshole. We both watched it surge and spit white splatters of cum upward, some of them falling on her ass, some of them running down her pussy, some of them dripping down my softening cock. 

Missy kissed me then, a gentle kiss. 

“Was this a better workout than the one you had here this morning?” she asked. 

Our soft laughter made our sweat feel slick and cool where her breasts slept on my chest.