 Jimmy was standing anxiously in Terminal D of Philadelphia International Airport. Though he tried to hide it, he was as giddy as a kid on Christmas Eve. He was awaiting the arrival of his girlfriend, Missy-Sue Beckford.

About 2 months ago, while on a forced vacation to a small town in Georgia, Jimmy had met Missy-Sue during a hike in the woods. Within an hour of meeting each other, the two of them started an extremely physical relationship. Jimmy couldn't remember the last time he'd ever been so addicted to a woman. In the three weeks of his vacation, he had repeatedly asked her to marry him, but she only consented to be his girlfriend. It was painful for him to have to leave her.

Now, after weeks of separation, she was coming to visit him for Labor Day weekend. He'd sent her a ticket to Philadelphia so that she could visit him. He thought he would die from anticipation.

At last, he caught sight of his love. Walking towards him was a beautiful young woman. Beneath her red trucker hat was a lovely mane of jet black hair that fell to the small of her back. Despite wearing a t-shirt and a rough pair of blue jeans, her curvaceous body could not be hidden. Even though she was far, Jimmy could still admire her wobbling breasts and wide, swaying hips.

"Jimmy!" Missy-Sue screeched as she caught sight of him.

The two of them ran towards each other and collided. At once, her mouth found his, and they shared a deep, passionate kiss. Despite his best efforts, Jimmy couldn't help but get a little hard from their reunion.

"Mmm, I can tell yer really glad to see me," Missy-Sue chuckled, feeling his half-boner.

"Let's get out of here," Jimmy smiled. He grabbed her suitcase, using it to shield his crotch as he walked her to the exit.

After his girlfriend and luggage were safely in the car, they took off for Jimmy's place. The entire ride home, Missy-Sue chattered excitedly about flying first class. She hadn't been on an airplane at all, much less on a plane that served you a steak lunch. She was also marveling at the sights of the city, since the only city she'd ever seen was Atlanta. Jimmy was amused at how mystified his country girlfriend was about the big city.

She was even more impressed when they arrived at Jimmy's apartment building. After parking in the multi-level garage, they took the elevator to his apartment. Once inside, Missy-Sue was immediately drawn to the beautiful view of the city from his window. 

"Jimmy, this place is beautiful!" she cried. "If I lived here, I'd never close these blinds."

"Well, that's a shame," Jimmy said, embracing her from the rear. "Because, right now, I really want to do something that requires the blinds to be closed."

To his shock, Missy-Sue tensed within his arms and pulled away. She turned to face with a rather remorseful expression on her face.

"What's wrong?" Jimmy asked.

"Jimmy, I'm really happy to see you...believe me, I want you, too, but...my monthly bill came in the day before yesterday."

Inside, Jimmy felt an odd combination of relief and disappointment. "Well, that's fine. Why don't we get you unpacked, and then start thinking about what we want for dinner. I actually have some..."

Missy-Sue cut him off by grabbing his hand and flashing him a smile. "Relax, baby. Just because I'm on my period doesn't mean we can't do other thangs."

Jimmy's face split into a wide grin. "Well, then, let me show you where you'll be staying."

Still holding her hand, Jimmy led Missy-Sue to the master bedroom. The two of them embraced each other while Jimmy allowed his girlfriend to remove his clothes and shoes. Once he was nude, she gently made him sit down on the edge of the bed.

Jimmy didn't even try to contain his glee as he watched his girlfriend lift her shirt over her head and toss it away. However, his smiled faded a bit as he noticed something. Missy-Sue noticed the change in his expression right away.

"I know, I know," she said preemptively.

"You shaved your armpits!" Jimmy cried.

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"I didn't want yer friends looking my hairy pits. I shaved my arms and leg, too, before you ask." Missy-Sue reached behind herself and began to undo the clip to her bra. "Maybe these will take yer mind off my hair."

The bra fell seconds later, bringing Jimmy face-to-face with his girlfriend's large, dark brown, cookie-sized areolae. The large, porky nipples seemed to reach out to him, begging to be in his mouth. Before he could lean forward to suck on them, Missy-Sue dropped to her knees and began caressing his thighs.

"Let me show you how much I missed you, baby," she purred.

Jimmy watched silently as his Southern lover hefted her massive teats onto his lap and sandwiched his cock between them. He shivered with pleasure as she moved them up and down his shaft, which he couldn't even see.

"Oh, geeez," Jimmy moaned as he gripped the sheets. "I missed you, too, lover."

"Mmmm, I can tell."

Missy-Sue bent forward and stuck her tongue into her cleavage so that she could tease the tip of Jimmy dick. Already, she could taste the pre-cum. She then removed her breasts from his lap, grabbed his throbbing shaft, and began licking it.

"Oh, shit!" Jimmy moaned as he winced. "Oh, I'm gonna blow!"

"Not yet, baby," Missy-Sue whispered. "Calm down. Yer actin' all tense."

Jimmy breathed deeply as he fought to keep from cumming. Still, he couldn't help but be aroused by the sight of his raven-haired beauty pleasuring him with her mouth. Missy-Sue's eyes fluttered shut as she took his entire cock into her mouth and began to throat it. He ran his fingers through her long, black hair, admiring its softness as her head bobbed up and down. Missy-Sue's tongue roved over each vein on his manhood.

Suddenly, with a devious smile, she took him out his mouth and resumed pleasuring him with her breasts, but, this time, she moved them up and down rapidly. Jimmy couldn't stand it: her smiling face, those beautiful eyes, and the feel of her enormous tit flesh around her cock. With a bellow, he spurted all over his lover's beautiful chest.

"DAMN! Oh, I've missed you!" Jimmy yelled.

"Hehe, I've know, sugar," Missy-Sue said, getting to her feet. "But, we ain't done yet."

She removed her blue jeans, leaving her only wearing her large, navy blue underwear. Jimmy could still see numerous black hairs poking out from her panties.

"I'm glad you didn't shave THAT," Jimmy said with a smile.

"I shaved my arms, pits, and legs," she reminded him. "I figured I'd keep my bush just for you, cuz yer the only one who'll get to see it." She climbed into the bed and lie down on her back, fondling her tits while she smiled at Jimmy.

"Baby, I thought you were on your period."

"I don't want you to fuck me, Jimmy," Missy-Sue said. "Come over here and suck on my titties."

His semi-erect dick wagged in excitement. Jimmy pounced on top of his buxom girlfriend and immediately started sucking on her left breast. Seconds later, his mouth was filled with the familiar taste of her warm, delicious milk. Missy-Sue cradled his head with one hand, while reaching down to stroke his dick with the other.

"Ohhhh, that's it, Jimmy," Missy-Sue moaned. "Drink me dry! Without you, I've been feeling like I'm about to burst."

"MWAH!" Jimmy said, taking his mouth away from her teat. "Just tasting your milk is making me hard again."

Missy-Sue grabbed his head and pulled him in for another kiss. Jimmy then went back to drinking her milk. By the time he had drained both breasts, it was almost 6 PM.

"Well, I'm full!" Jimmy said, beaming down at Missy-Sue.

"Well, that makes one of us," she said. "What's good to eat around here?"

The two of them got clothed and got into Jimmy's car. They spent the entire night walking around downtown Philadelphia, eating at sports bars, watching street performers, and buying Missy-Sue lots of Eagles and 76ers fan gear. Missy-Sue enjoyed her first Philly cheese steak that night.

Saturday, the two did more sightseeing around the city. Sunday, Jimmy was forced to take Missy-Sue to church; she felt that they should go, since they had been doing some sinful things together. They spent the rest of that day watching football and drinking beer in their underwear.

That Monday was Labor Day, and Jimmy and Missy-Sue were going to a cookout hosted by Wade Lincoln, who was Jimmy's immediate superior at work. Jimmy was wearing some slacks and a polo shirt, while Missy-Sue wore a beautiful floral-patterned sundress and a large sun hat. As they walked through the house and towards the backyard, everyone couldn't help but stare at the Southern beauty walking with Jimmy. She was introduced to many of his co-workers, who really enjoyed her charm. While Missy-Sue socialized with some of the women at the party, Jimmy chatted with Wade as he flipped steaks on the grill.

"So you found her down in Georgia while on vacation?" Wade asked, taking a swig of his beer. "You had better give me the name of that town so I can go down there."

"Don't let Charlene hear you say that," Jimmy joked, referring to Wade's wife.

"Seriously, kid. She's gorgeous! Everyone here can't take their eyes off of her."

Jimmy smiled as he sipped his drink, looking across the yard at his beautiful girlfriend laughing with her new friends. Of course, his eyes wandered down to her wobbling bosom, which was well displayed by the spaghetti-strap sundress. More than once, he noticed a bunch of guys ogling her from afar, and felt a swell of pride, knowing that he was the only one who had intimate knowledge of her amazing body.

The next morning, as Jimmy awoke, he had to fight to get out of his bed, not wanting to leave the side of his still-sleeping Missy-Sue. Once he got work, he found his apprehension to be well-founded. That Tuesday after Labor Day was hell.

Jimmy had so many briefs to review and so many calls to make that he skipped lunch, just so he could have a better chance of leaving work at a decent time. He even shot Missy-Sue a text to tell her that he might be home late, telling her to use the cash he'd left her to get herself some food. He finally left work at 6:15 PM, feeling wiped out.

As he took the elevator to this apartment, he couldn't wait to head straight into bed and crash. It felt as though karma had given him a rough day at work as payment for the great day he'd enjoyed yesterday. After the elevator doors parted, he trudged inside and dropped his briefcase.

"Hey, honey," Missy-Sue said, walking out to greet him while wearing basketball shorts and a shirt. "Rough day at work?"

"You know it," Jimmy sighed. "I just hope I made a dent in my work load for tomorrow. Sorry that I'm home late. Did you already have dinner?"

"Naw, baby. Let's worry about that later," she said, walking up to him and loosening his tie. "I got some good news: my period's gone."

Those three words seemed to make all of the stress of the day evaporate. Jimmy grabbed Missy-Sue and started kissing her. She giggled as his tongue invaded her mouth, and led him towards the bedroom as the two of them disrobed. Once inside, Missy-Sue tossed him a wrapped condom. Jimmy put on the rubber as she pulled her panties down.

"Halle-fucking-lujah," Jimmy said as he stared at the large nest of black hair between her legs.

Missy-Sue put her hands behind her head and seductively swayed her body, causing her huge breasts to swing to and fro. Jimmy advanced on her, fondling her large mammaries. Upon closer inspection, he could see a fine layer of short, bristly hairs growing on Missy-Sue's armpits.

"Mmm, you're getting nice and hairy again," Jimmy growled, his dick throbbing at the sight.

"Yeah, I know, baby. If I don't shave every day, it grows back like weeds."

Missy-Sue squirmed as she stood by the bed and continued to allow Jimmy to savor her body. Her nipples were pinched, pressed, and flicked. Her arm and leg hairs were kissed and caressed. Once Jimmy put a hand to her shaggy crotch, she struggled to remain standing. A loud moan escaped her lips as her boyfriend rubbed her damp mound.

"Jimmy, please!" Missy-Sue croaked. "Don't tease me anymore. Don't make me beg."

The two of them climbed into bed and began kissing again. Missy-Sue then found herself deprived of her lover's kisses, as he trailed them all the way down to her pelvis again. She chuckled as Jimmy parted her legs and started lapping at her sex.

"Golly, Jimmy! Is that all you wanna do? Bury yer face in my pussy?"

"I will worship your body as long as I live," Jimmy moaned as he nuzzled his face into the fragrant pussy before him.

"Well, don't you stay down there too long; I want you inside of me while you drink my milk."

Jimmy gave a nod before running his tongue along her sopping wet slit. Beneath the hair, he was able to locate the tiny little nub that made his girlfriend squirm and mewl like a cat. Before long, it became unbearable for her.

"Please, Jimmy! Come up here and fuck yer Love Cow!"

Jimmy's ears burned as he heard Missy-Sue shout the nickname his had given her months ago. He immediately sat up and thrust his sheathed dick into her waiting pussy, causing the two of them to exclaim as their loins became one. Jimmy fought to keep a conservative pace in his lovemaking; he didn't want to rush their first sex in months.

"Unh! Unh! Oh, yes, Jimmy! Fuck me!" Missy-Sue cried as she grasped the pillows that her head was resting on. "Shove that cock in me!"

Jimmy grabbed her bristly legs and roughly pushed them back towards her head. Missy-Sue's face grew red and hot with arousal as continued to pound her hairy twat. Jimmy moaned as he rubbed his sweaty face against her prickly gams.

"Jimmy, please! Drink my milk!"

"Marry me!" He growled.

"I...I can't!"

He let her legs fall down to the bed again and lay his body completely on top of her. Missy-Sue screamed with ecstasy as her boyfriend increased the intensity of his thrusts. Her breasts jiggled madly as they filled with milk.

"I want you!" Jimmy said, nuzzling her neck and kissing it. "I need you to be my wife!"

"Nooooooo! I...it's too soon!"

With a growl, Jimmy sat up in the bed and pulled Missy-Sue onto his lap. She bucked up and down upon his rod, wailing so loudly that Jimmy half-expected his neighbors to complain. He reached forward and grasped her large buttocks, causing her to become even wetter.

"Missy-Sue, please! Marry me! Sleep in my bed! Have my children!"

"I...I...Ohhhh, I give up! I'll be yer wife!"

Jimmy's heart filled with joy. He pushed her back onto the bed and began sucking the milk out of her tits as he continued to fuck her mercilessly. Missy-Sue clutched at Jimmy's head as he emptied her breasts. Minutes later, Jimmy sat up and roared as he filled the condom with his seed. The sensation was enough to make her cum as well.

Exhausted, Jimmy fell on top of her girlfriend-turned-fiancée, his sore cock still inside of her. The sweaty lovers panted madly as they tried to regain their strength. After a few minutes, Jimmy was able to pull himself out of Missy-Sue and head to the bathroom. After discarding the full condom, he climbed into the shower. A few minutes later, Missy-Sue joined him inside, and they silently bathed each other.

After they exited the shower, they dried off and put on bathrobes. Jimmy put in a quick order for some Chinese food, and the two ate their meals while they cuddled on the couch and watched The Discovery Channel. Thanks to the sex, they tore into the food with enthusiasm.

"This orange beef ain't bad," Missy-Sue remarked.

"I doubt that there will be any leftovers tomorrow," Jimmy mused.

"I'm going to head to the store tomorrow and get some groceries," she promised. "I'm going to fix you a big ol' meal for when you get home."

"Sounds good...fiancée."

Missy-Sue giggled at the word. "I swore up and down that I'd never get hitched again. What have you done to me?"

"I should be asking you that! What are the chances that I'd find a looker like you, bathing naked in the middle of the Georgia woods."

"Well, I hope you don't get tired of seein' me naked."

"Trust me, that will never happen."

Missy-Sue set her food down and looked at Jimmy with a stern expression. "Jimmy, listen. If we're gonna be married, we gotta decide important thangs, like where we're going to live, how we'll spend the holidays..."

"How many kids we'll have," Jimmy offered.

The last statement brought a tingle to Missy-Sue's nethers. "Exactly."

Jimmy took her hand in his. "You're absolutely right. Now that we're engaged, we'll have months to decide on our life together. Trust me, we'll make it work."

"Okay," Missy-Sue whispered before giving him another kiss. "Now, let's finish this food and then hit the sack; you've got work tomorrow."

Jimmy silently agreed, though, in his mind, he was toying with the notion of calling in sick so he could play in bed with his new fiancée. Though, hours later after the food was done, the two climbed into bed and went to sleep. When Jimmy awoke the next morning, he decided to go to work; if he was going to get married, then he'd definitely need to keep his career healthy.