 I stood looking up at the front of the house, a thrill running through me at the thought of what I was about to do, at my sheer daring. In that house was a man who I had no right to be with, had no right to do what I planned on doing with, and I knew without a doubt that I didn't care. I was going to do it anyway.

A little bit of back-story might be in order. My sister, Kelsey, is engaged to a man named Trey. She cheats on him with this guy Jeremy, and doesn't feel bad about it at all. When I asked her why she cheats, she told me she couldn't help it, that she loves Jeremy. When I asked her why she bothered to remain engaged to Trey, she said the words that piqued my interest. "The sex is fucking amazing."

Now since I consider myself a connoisseur of men and sex both, any time I hear about a guy who's "fucking amazing" in bed, I want to take him for a test-drive. But, of course, this one was engaged to my sister, so he should be off-limits. Except... Kelsey obviously didn't love him enough if she was willing to cheat on him, and she admitted that she loved someone else. The sex was the only thing keeping her with Trey, and while I'm the last person to ever consider being in a committed relationship, I knew that sex wasn't the only thing you should be in one for. So, I was starting to think that maybe it wouldn't be such a violation of the sisterly code to spend a night with her fiancé, after all.

As I prepared myself to open Trey's front door, after which there was no turning back, the conversation I'd had with Kelsey earlier that night replayed itself in my head.

"Where are you going?"

Kelsey winked at me. "I'm staying over at Jeremy's tonight."

I rolled my eyes at her. "Shouldn't you be at Trey's?"

Kelsey sighed and rolled her eyes back at me. "I should be, but I want to be with Jeremy." She picked up her purse and I could see her thoughts turn inward. "It's been three days since we've seen each other, and I'm dying to feel him inside me."

I smirked. Our conversations tended toward the graphic, so her admission didn't bother me. "Doesn't Trey ever wonder where you are? Don't most engaged people pretty much live together?"

She shrugged. "I just tell him I have an early morning and I can't spend the night with him because I'll be too tired."

My eyebrows shot to the top of my forehead. "And he believes that?" 

She grinned mischievously. "Absolutely. When I stay the night with him, we fuck for hours. If we're in bed by nine or ten, we're not done until around two in the morning. He knows after nights like that I'm fucking exhausted and if I have an early morning, there's no way I can hang that long."

Instantly, lust started curling in the pit of my stomach. The idea of fucking all night long, the number of orgasms I would have, made me feel a little light-headed, and for the first time in a very long time, I was jealous of my sister. 

So as Kelsey waved and walked out the door, I began to formulate my plan.

Two hours later, I stood in front of Trey's house, my hand on the door knob, ready to assume a role I'd played many times before. You see, Kelsey and I are nearly identical. I'm twenty-two and she's twenty-three, but we pass for twins all the time. She's about a half inch taller than me, and her eyes are a bright green instead of my deep blue-gray, but in all other ways we're mirror images. Long black hair, thick black eyelashes, peaches and cream complexion, hourglass figures with a lot of sand in the top. We both boasted 32D breasts, which was one of the reasons we'd never been without a date when we wanted one. A pair of heels and green contacts for me, or flats and blue contacts for her, and no one knew we were switching identities.

Taking a deep breath, I opened the door and slipped inside, remaining as quiet as possible. The house was dark, so I assumed that by now, he'd be in bed. I tiptoed up the stairs, thankful that I'd been here with Kelsey many times in the past and knew my way around enough to avoid the squeaky spot in the step that would announce my arrival.

I paused outside his bedroom, peeking in through the crack created by the partially-closed door and observing him. Trey was a very good-looking man, thirty-two and fit, with lightly tanned skin. His hair was a thick mixture of gold and brown, and his eyes were nearly the same color. He was sitting up in the bed, leaning back against pillows that were propped up against the headboard. He was shirtless, exposing a muscled chest lightly covered in curly, golden-brown hair, and his hand was under the comforter that was pulled up over his lap. I could see from the images on the TV that he'd settled in for a nice evening of porn and solitary pleasure, and my pulse picked up. 

Pushing the door open gently, I stepped inside. "Hi, Trey."

He looked up, a smile breaking out on his face. "Kelsey! I didn't expect you to be here tonight, I thought you were staying in." He picked up the remote and clicked the TV off, silencing the moans and cries on-screen.

I sauntered over to the bed, giving him time to get a good look at me. "I couldn't stand the idea of being away from you." I shimmied out of my short black skirt, showing off a tiny thong made of red silk that perfectly matched the swingy, scooped-neck red silk tank top I wore. It was designed so that it dipped low enough to show off the top of my black demi-bra, which pushed my breasts up, creating intense cleavage. 

Trey swallowed, and I saw the comforter jump slightly. "Jesus, you look amazing."

I grinned as I slid onto the bed beside him. I slipped my hand under the comforter and wrapped my fingers around his cock, which was already hard and getting harder by the second. I had to school my face not to register my surprise. Kelsey told me a lot about her sex life, but she had never mentioned that Trey was fucking enormous. "I wanted to surprise you," I whispered, leaning over to nip at his lips. 

He breathed out harshly and grabbed me by the hips, lifting me and positioning me over his lap. I spread my legs so I could sink down against him, rubbing my barely-clad pussy against his erection, which was straining against the thin fabric barrier. He reached up to kiss me as he increased the friction of his cock against my thong. "God, I needed you," he ground out. "I was so disappointed when you told me you weren't coming over."

I laughed breathlessly. "I realized I needed you in me more than I needed my sleep," I assured him. His hands were gripping the edge of my top and lifting it up, so I obliged by raising my arms and letting him slide it off me. His hands reached around and unclasped my bra, and my breasts spilled out. 

"Christ, I love your tits," he sighed appreciatively. Trey palmed my full, firm breasts, rubbing his thumbs over the coral-pink tips. He dipped his head and took one nipple between his teeth, worrying it lightly, and all of a sudden my thong was soaking wet. My arousal was growing so fast I didn't think I could stand the foreplay for much longer. However, I wasn't about to miss out on having that gorgeous cock in my mouth, so I pulled away from him. He released his hold on my breast and looked at me curiously. 

"I want to taste you." His eyes closed briefly and I rolled to the side, then wiggled off the bed and onto the floor. He scooted to the edge of the bed and his massive erection bobbed slightly, standing tall and proud like a flag pole. I estimated him to be about nine inches long and thick in girth, and my pussy ached to have it in me. I lowered my face to it and opened my mouth, taking it in a little at a time. Trey groaned and thrust his hips up, and suddenly my mouth was full of cock-cheeks stretched wide, lips wrapped around him tightly, jaw already starting to ache just a bit. My hands gripped the length that didn't fit in my mouth, stroking upward and back down with just enough pressure. 

I began moving my mouth up and down, keeping a rhythm with the stroking of my hands, and I could feel him tense up. I took him in deep, getting as much of him in my mouth as I could-he nearly hit the back of my throat before I had to pull away. I bobbed my head faster, my tongue wrapping around him, sliding up and down as my mouth moved, and he cursed. 

Without a word, he gently pulled my head up and lifted my hands away from him, then lay back on the bed. I joined him, getting on my knees and resuming my position of worship at his cock. As I took him back into my mouth, I could feel him tugging at my thighs, and I wondered what he was trying to do. As he slid me lengthwise against him, my knees near his chest, his meaning suddenly hit me. He pulled my thong down my thighs and over my calves, tossing it on the floor. I lifted one leg high enough for him to pull over to the other side of his chest, so that I was straddling him. 

I thought that I would faint as his tongue slid deep into my pussy while I continued to suck his straining cock. His lips brushed against mine and I could feel his tongue lapping at my clit, sometimes withdrawing far enough to lightly flicker just the tip against the swollen bundle of nerves. Thrust and retreat, over and over again, until my muscles were tense and my nerve endings felt like guitar strings that just needed one good strum to pop.

I abandoned his cock and braced myself over him with both hands, rocking back and forth, thrusting my hips to meet his stroking tongue. I was so tight and tense and I could feel the waves of pleasure build and build until they were reaching their peak and then...

"Holy shit, Trey, oh fuck!" I cried out as the tsunami finally broke and crashed over me, buffeting me back and forth until the overwhelming pleasure ebbed, leaving me trembling and light-headed. I carefully lifted myself away from him and turned around so that I was laying next to him, my head against his chest. "Somehow I always forget how amazing you are at that, until you do it again and remind me," I murmured.

"I like making you come, Kelsey," Trey said softly, his fingers stretching down until they found my still-slick pussy and delved inside. I was starting to dislike that he was calling me by my sister's name, but I whimpered as he lazily stroked in and out, the feeling of only being a little full making me ache even worse, my displeasure forgotten.

"I need you in me now," I gasped, grabbing his hand and pulling it back. I took one finger in my mouth, licking the taste of myself from it, as I slid one leg over his hips and felt the head of his cock pressed against my opening. I eased down onto him, slowly, so incredibly slow, until he was as far in as he could go. I opened my mouth and moved to the next finger, sucking it in deep as I rose up on his cock and then plunged down. I continued to lick and suck on his fingers, cleaning my juices from them, as I rode him. Like a train starting from a dead stop, I increased my pace slowly at first, then a little quicker, until I was bouncing up and down. 

His cock speared into me as I cried out, my next orgasm not even building but exploding, shattering my consciousness into thousands of tiny fragments. As I started to piece them together, I realized that Trey's hands were still on my hips, holding me to him as he pistoned up into me. "Fuck, Kelsey," he gasped, droplets of sweat rolling off his forehead and into the brown hairs at his temple. "God, I'm going to come," he gritted out on a ragged breath, and then I could feel his release empty into me. 

I was a little surprised he'd come so soon, since I knew from Kelsey's comment that he could go for hours. I lifted myself up, feeling deliciously dirty as his come leaked out of me. "You are incredible," I purred, stretching over him, flicking my tongue against his nipple. "Fucking you gets better every time I do it."

Trey moved out from underneath me so that I was laying on my stomach. Then I could feel his hands on my hips, lifting me until I was on all fours. I was glad I was facing away from him when he plunged inside me again, because I hadn't known that he could go again immediately after climaxing, and I know he would have been able to see the shock on my face. "Then fuck me again, and again, and again," he demanded, his hips pumping urgently against me, driving his cock deeper into me with every thrust. "Fuck me until you can't tell where one orgasm ends and the next one begins."

I believed he could make that happen, as I was already on the verge of my next one. I could feel the pressure build and as it burst, I let out a long wail. "Oh God, Trey, don't stop," I begged, his brutal pounding driving me forward until my arms collapsed and I was laying on my shoulders, my face turned to the side so I wouldn't suffocate against the mattress. I was so steeped in pleasure that I allowed him to just dominate me from behind, holding me up while he drove into me over and over again. "Don't stop," I moaned again blissfully.

"Never, Eden," he promised me, and I froze.

"EDEN?"

Trey's powerful thrusts slowed, and I rolled over and looked up at him fearfully. "You really didn't think I knew it was you?" he asked in amusement. "You think I don't know my fiancée well enough to know that it wasn't her who came into my room tonight, with the tight, sexy clothes, and the sudden need to fuck me? You think that I haven't fucked her so many times I could tell the instant you wrapped your lips around my dick that you were the other sister?"

I was confused. If he'd known all along...

He leaned forward on muscled arms, slipping his cock between my thighs and into my pussy, moving forward slowly, rolling his hips so that he barely moved inside me. "I knew it was you. I didn't care. I've dreamt of fucking you since Kelsey told me how you collect men like toys, and how she was jealous because of how easily you come, over and over again. I wanted to be the one to make you come."

I spread my legs wider and he rocked forward, pressing his cock deep into me. I bit my lip as another orgasm loomed. "Fuck me," I whispered. Trey sat back, lifting my legs and putting them over his shoulders, then arched against me and began pounding into me with jackhammer speed. I screamed as I came, the pleasure spearing through me and splitting me apart, the pressure in my lungs making me feel like they were about to burst. 

Trey eased free of me and pulled me off the bed. Backing me up against the wall, he lowered his head and took one nipple into his mouth, rolling it back and forth over his tongue as his fingers plucked at the other. I gasped for air as he strummed my body, stoking the ache within me once more. He lifted my thigh and wrapped it around his waist, and I leveraged myself up and wrapped my other leg around him as well. I slid my hand down to position him so that as I tightened my legs, his cock, still amazingly hard, was buried inside me. He leaned in, his hands firmly clenching my ass, as he began to drive against me. 

Being suspended in mid-air as he pumped into me intensified the pleasure. I felt every gasp ripped from my throat each time he lifted me up and slammed me back down on his pistoning cock. His muscles were tightening under my hands as they roamed his body and I could feel that he was on the verge of coming again, as I was. I clenched my pussy, gripping him tightly, and he swore.

"Come for me," he urged, and I let myself go. Pleasure so intense it was painful splintered through me as I erupted again, and again, and again, every time he slammed into me. He carried me back to the bed while he was still inside me and then lay me down. I watched through the haze of my multiple orgasms as he pulled back and hovered over me, his hand wrapped around his cock and pumping it rapidly. His cock began pulsing and jetted out a thick rope of salty white cream, covering my breasts. 

When he was finally done coming, he lay down beside me on the bed. "Was it worth coming here tonight, Eden?" he asked me seriously. I knew he was asking if I felt guilty about intentionally setting out to seduce my sister's fiance.

I closed my eyes, then opened them again, looking directly into his. "Absolutely," I promised. "I've never had such incredible sex in my life. No wonder Kelsey is always exhausted after a night with you."

Trey grinned predatorily as he took my hand and placed it back on his cock, which was slowly coming back to life. "You have no idea what exhaustion is, Eden. The night is just beginning."