 He's got to come. We've been meeting every Thursday, in this hotel, for months now. I really need his cock. The orgasms he'll give me. His whole body, his hands, his mouth. His licking me. But when I think of us together I always think of his cock. I think maybe I'm obsessed with it. It's so perfect. So sexy. It fills me. It even fits my mouth. Tastes good. I love to make him cum. Taste his cum. Suck him back up hard again. 

I'm getting all aroused just thinking about him. I'm dressed right this time. He'll be surprised. Not the college girl in jeans and a sweatshirt. I borrowed this dress from Vanessa across the hall. High heels. All dressed up. I look good even if I say so myself.

He's got to show up. For weeks now he's been saying we can't keep meeting. He loves his wife, doesn't want to keep cheating on her. I've told him. I don't want to marry him. His wife can have him. I want his cock. Well, his body, his tongue. But his cock for sure. Once a week is enough. 

But he isn't here. He never said he would be. I tried to call him. I mean, it's our day. It's Thursday. He started all this. He's responsible for making me so horny. So he better come. I need him. I need the sex. I need three or four orgasms. 

I baby sat for him and his wife. He got to me through the college. I always need money. My parents pay tuition but I have to work at goofy little jobs to make spending money. I'm always broke. He told me how attractive I was. How sexy I was. When he, Don, would pick me up and later drive me back to the dorm he'd talk about sex all the time. Then that one time, when they came home his wife was so drunk he practically carried her up to the bed. Then he came back down and started telling me how sexy I was and then how he could give me an orgasm without me having any risk. I never really said yes but I didn't say no. I'd been with a couple guys before but had never had oral sex, never had a guy lick me there. So I guess I was interested.

In High School I dated a guy for about a year before we finally did it. We both liked it so much that we fucked like minks from then on. Every time we could manage to get together where we could, he'd be on me or I'd be on him. Neither of us knew anything so we just kept doing what we'd discovered we liked. That ended when I left for college. Then last year I dated a guy for about six months before he flunked out and we did the same. Fucked a lot, everywhere we could. But never had I ever gone down on a guy or a guy on me. I'd thought about it, though.

Then Don did. And it was terrific. If his wife hadn't been passed out she'd of heard me, I'm sure I was practically screaming. Then he suggested we meet again and we could do even more. So we did. And then we did again. And again and again. Thursdays. Here. 

Shit. He isn't coming. He'd be here by now if he was. I want his cock so bad. I want an orgasm. What am I going to do? 

"Debbie?"

I hear a male voice. He's here. I turn. The guy looks nice enough but older. Don's only thirty-five, this guy might be forty-five or fifty. Who is he? How does he know my name?

"Yes?" I answer but really sort of ask.

"You're beautiful," he said. Then he put his hand on my waist. "Join me for dinner?"

He almost pushes me and the next thing I know I'm walking next to him, into the hotel restaurant. "I'm Warren," he tells me. I start to try and say he must have mistaken me for someone else but he starts talking to the maitre d' about something and the next thing we're being seated at a table. White linen. Candles. Beautiful place. Classy. He asks me if I'm a student and I tell him I am and he asks a little more and I answer him and the next thing we're in a conversation and wine has come and some delicious hors d'oeuvres and I feel like someone in a movie. I mean I know I look good tonight. And this guy is really nice and polite and even sort of good looking and I love the food and the place. So I ask him what he does and he tells me and we're actually having a nice conversation. I'm enjoying myself. But this is very weird.

It's a delicious dinner. Classy place. A live orchestra. He asks me to dance. I love to dance so I agree and we're on the floor. He's taller so we fit well. He holds me close. He's good at this. I have no problem following him at all. He holds me closer. I can feel his whole body against me. He's getting a hard-on, I can feel it. Actually, I like this. It's all like a dream but I like it. We go back to the table and he tells me how beautiful I am and what a good dancer I am and we have strawberries. He has coffee. I've never learned to like coffee, I have tea. With cream. He signs a slip the waiter brings and we dance again. It's actually very sexy. I'm sort of ashamed of myself but I'm getting very turned on. I can feel his cock pressing against me. He takes steps that cause me to spread my legs a little and bend back and I can feel him.

When we leave he walks with his hand on my waist, sort of guiding me and before I can think much about anything we're in an elevator. He turns me some and is about to kiss me. So I let him. I like it. I kiss back. We have our arms around each other. And I realize, I mean totally realize for the first time that I had been sort of toying with the idea in the back of my mind, I realize that we're going to fuck. I'm going to get my orgasms after all. With this guy, Warren.

Am I really that much of a slut that I'm going to hop in the sack with a guy I met maybe and hour ago? I guess I am. Because I also realize that I want to. Then we're in his room and we're kissing again. With Don, we always just got undressed right away. So I do the same thing now. I just take off my clothes, fold them neatly, and put them on a chair. Step out of my shoes. Just as with Don, since he forgot them half the time, I take several condoms out of my purse and set them on a table next to the bed. Then I turn to Warren. I'm completely naked, barefoot. I just turn and let him look at me. He has his coat and tie off, is unbuttoning his shirt. He stops for a moment and smiles.

"You're a real redhead," he says. I walk towards him. "You're absolutely beautiful," he adds, finally removing his shirt as I come up to him. I unfasten his belt as he pulls his undershirt off. I unzip his pants and open them and he takes them and pulls them down, bending over to step out of them. He folds them and puts them with his other clothes, takes off his shoes and socks and comes back to me. We have our arms around each other and kiss again. A really good kiss. He's actually getting better looking to me by the second. 

As we break our kiss, I kneel down and take hold of the waist of his boxers shorts and start pulling them down. He helps. His cock sort of springs out. It's a terrific cock. A lot like Don's. Same size and general shape. Different head or cap, probably different veins or something but a lot alike. It's beautiful. I take hold of it with one hand as I can feel him stepping out of his underwear. I lean forward and put it against the side of my face. I realize that I'm happy. I'm relieved. I've got a cock and I was afraid I wasn't going to have one. I didn't mean to but I can hear myself. It's almost like a purr. I look up at him and smile. Then I turn my head and lick the side of it. It feels so great. I lick around the head and get my lips over it. I love this. I want this. It's so great to feel it in my mouth, to taste it. This live, warm thing is so sexy. I keep licking and sucking, taking more and more of it into my mouth, then sliding back on it and then taking it in again. Licking and sucking and tasting. I can hear him breathing.

His hands come on either side of my head. "I don't went to cum this way Debbie," he says, sort of softly guiding my head away from his cock. I keep hold of it and stand up and we kiss again and we head over to the bed. He's even better than Don. Slower, more gentle. He kisses me, runs his hands over my body. He feels my breasts, sucks on one nipple then the other, kisses on down. He's going to eat me. My second guy to do that. He kisses my thighs and works his way towards my vagina so slowly, I sort of move my hips and push myself at him. I can hear myself sort of moaning. And then he's there, licking me, then licking my clit. Shit he's even better than Don. He's got fingers in me and my clit is getting worked on. I'm not going to last long this way. And I don't. He stays there, licks me. I can her him sucking, slurping, he's swallowing what I'm emitting. Won't be much of a wet spot on the sheet this time. Then he's coming back up, I can feel that he's hard again, it's pressing against my leg as he moves. I stretch and reach to the table and get a condom and pull the foil off. He smiles, right above me. "Were you a girl scout?" he asks, "Always prepared?" We're kissing again. I can taste myself on him just like I used to with Don. Only Warren's actually better. Or maybe what's happening right now is always better. I reach between us and get the condom on him, rolled down, and help aim him into me.

"You're so tight," he says. "It's like my first time, back in High School." 

I can feel him forcing my insides open, moving up into me. Fuck, it's so great. I want him in me. I shove my hips up, trying to get him in further. I can hear myself just saying "Yes" over and over. Then he's all the way in. Filling me up. It's perfect. "Fuck me," I say. I want to feel him moving in me, want to get more and more aroused. Then it's "Yes" again as he starts shoving and moving. I shove back, over and over. I guess I orgasm easy or something because this happens to me every time. A lovely cock is filling me up, moving in me, and all the feelings just build and build and the next thing I'm cumming. My mind is blown and my insides feel hot and I'm sort of spasming or something. As I do this, my insides must be working on the cock because every guy seems to do the same thing. Warren, too. As I'm cumming, he almost yells and then I can feel his cock jerk and he's filling the condom.

"Debbie that was terrific," he says, almost laying on me, his face above mine, his cock still in me but not as large as it was. "You really liked that didn't you?"

"Warren, you're great. I really needed that." Then I grinned at him and added, "Let's do that a couple more times." He grinned back, pulled his hips back, his cock leaving me, and sort of rolled to the side, facing me.

"As often as I can manage," he says, still smiling.

I really meant it, that I'd like to do it a couple more times. That I could have a couple more orgasms. I reached down and pulled the condom off him, holding it so I wouldn't spill his cum all over. I rolled over some so I could reach off the bed and dropped it on the floor. When we get up, Ill put it in a waste basket but right now I'm more interested in keeping my horny impulses going. I rolled back and got my hand around his cock. "We'll have to get this guy up again," I said, then leaned to him to kiss him.

He felt me all over and I felt him all over, particularly his cock and balls. We kissed often, kissed various body parts. I couldn't feel that he was growing any. I crawled on him and sat on him, rubbing my pussy on his cock. My breasts were hanging loose, looking as large as they could and he was laying on his back, playing with them. "How about sharing a shower?" I suggested. With Don, I'd learned that seemed to help. Washing each other and feeling each other seemed to arouse us both. I think maybe standing up even helped the blood to flow into his penis better than laying down.

Well, it worked with Warren, too. It could hardly be sexier as we washed each other bare handed. He rubbed my breasts, rinsed them then kissed and sucked on them. I washed and kissed all over his chest and shoulders. He eventually knelt and washed my legs. I spread them and he washed my pussy, using his bare hands and then got his mouth to me and licked some. I did the same to him and as I sucked on his clean cock it began to fill out considerably. 

After drying, we got back on the bed and he worked his way to my pussy again. I lifted my legs back to give him all the room he needed, rotating up to his mouth. I think he was even better than the first time. I sort of forced us to roll over and I ended up sitting on his face as he kept licking and sucking on me. I had my arm back so that I could get hold of his cock and massage it some. It was up plenty strong enough, so I lifted off his mouth, grabbed a condom, and slid back until I could slide it onto him and then sit down on him and take him up into me. Fuck, I love this. It feels so perfect. I was lasting longer than I did the first time and I sure hoped he did, too. He's partially sitting up, sucking on one nipple and working on the other with his hand. But as I rode him, sliding my hips and feeling him move inside me, I could feel my orgasm building. "Fuck!", "Oh, fuck!" It was great, I had to sit down on him, feeling him still hard inside me as my spasms slowed and I got my senses back. 

He grinned at me. "Let's change position," he said. "Get on your knees so I can come around behind you." I did and he did and immediately, he's in me again, shoving into me hard. I can feel his body hitting my butt. He leans over me or something because he has his finger on my clit as he keeps pounding into me. Fuck, this is so good! I can hear myself as I push my hips back at him, "Yes, yes". I don't know whether I came again or my earlier one had never died but soon I was in spasms again. I'm sure his cock felt them because I could feel it jerking in me. Again, we're side by side and I slide the sticky condom off him. "Warren, you're really good," I said. "I loved that, thank you."

We felt each other and kissed as we lay there. The next thing I knew, I was waking up and he was fingering my pussy. Still half asleep I grabbed the last condom that I had put on the table, reached down to find him hard and rolled it onto him. He climbed atop me and his forcing his way into me completely woke me up. I got my legs up around him. "Fuck me," I almost screamed. This is such a perfect way to wake up, a nice, big cock moving inside me.

We lasted and lasted. He had me change so he could get into me doggy style and I finally orgasmed and then he did, too. We hugged and kissed and he said he had a morning meeting. So we showered together. I got dressed in my clothes from last night and he tells me over and over how lovely I am and how great this all was. I'm going back to my dorm, wishing there was some way I could do this over and over again and told him so. 

He smiled and handed me an envelope. "What was agreed to is in there, in cash, as requested, plus a few hundred more for you because you're so special, Debbie. I'm left feeling that you really wanted me."

"I did want you," I said. "I loved every bit of our being together." I didn't know what else to say. I mean, there's some mistake. So I decided I should tell him. "I think there's been some mistake, though."

He looked surprised. "Mistake?" he asked. "I was to meet a Debbie at the elevators and did. The $1200 that was agreed to is in there plus another $300 just for you. You're something very special."

I was in shock. He thought I was a prostitute. A good one, obviously; but still -- a prostitute. $1500! Fuck, I work several little jobs and make about half that each month. I mean, he can obviously afford this. And it's all cash. No taxes, I realized. All kinds of things were running through my mind. Just by doing what I want to do anyway I can earn money like this?

"Warren, could I get the phone number you called to arrange this?" I asked.