 Harley was taking her time in the shower, getting ready for her second date with Cameron. They met recently at the gym, chatting over the water station. A week ago, Cameron had invited her out to dinner. He was good looking, funny and they had a good evening.

They had exchanged numbers and agreed to meet up again tonight. They were planning a less formal night; starting at their local pub, before making their way into town.

Harley towelled herself dry and looked through her wardrobe for something suitable to wear. It was warm outside, so she chose a light summery dress and sandals she could dance in. The dress was short, showing off the bold tattoo of roses around her right thigh.

*

Cameron was already at the bar when she arrived. "Hi! You ok?" Cameron asked, kissing her lightly on the cheek, "What can I get you?"

Harley asked for a Strongbow Dark Fruits and they made their way to an empty table, sipping their drinks as they walked.

They chatted for a bit, getting to know each other more over a couple of drinks. At around 10pm, they caught a taxi into town. They had to queue to get into the first club. Cameron used this as an opportunity to slide his arm around her waist. 

Emboldened by the drinks, Harley found herself drawn to him as he pulled her towards him for a kiss. She felt the warm glow spread through her as their lips met. 

Cameron kept his arm around her waist as they waited to go in. Harley leant against him, breathing in his fresh, citrus aftershave. He stroked her side lightly with his fingers.

When they finally made it into the club, they headed straight to the bar. Harley bought a round along with a couple of shots each. They finished the shots quickly at the bar before moving onto their pints. 

They were both having a good time, enjoying each other's company. In the dark of the club, Harley glanced at Cameron. He was leant against the bar casually, nodding along to the music. Harley finished her drink, before taking his hand and pulling him onto the dance floor.

The music was too loud for a conversation, so instead they danced together closely; occasionally touching each other or kissing lightly. The packed dance floor was warm and it wasn't long before Cameron was gesturing towards the bar. Harley felt light as air as Cameron took hold of her hand to walk over to the bar.

While Cameron ordered the drinks, Harley quickly popped to the toilet. When she came back out, she couldn't see Cameron at the bar. She glanced around the dark club trying to spot him. Suddenly she caught sight of him on the dance floor.

He had his back to her, but she was sure it was him. She made her way over to the dance floor, coming up behind him and sliding her hands on his hips. He paused for a second before he carried on dancing, leaving her dancing behind him with her hands still on his hips.

It was so dark and crowded that Harley thought she'd have some fun. She ran her hand up underneath his shirt, brushing his chest with her fingers and nuzzling his neck with her lips. He tilted his head to the side slightly, silently encouraging her to carry on.

He turned around slowly, running his hands down her back; his fingers grazing the top of her bum. She moved her face to his, kissing him passionately on the lips. He opened his mouth to her tongue and dropped one of his hands down to her bum, squeezing tightly. Harley gasped, her pants starting to feel damp. 

"I hope you're coming back to mine tonight Cameron?" Harley whispered into his ear. He stepped back a little, holding her at arm's length.

"Um..." he mumbled awkwardly as voice behind her chuckled.

"I see you've met my brother!" Cameron chuckled. Harley looked back and forth, trying to find a way to tell the difference between them. Even their shirts were almost exactly the same colour! "This is Dan."

Dan held out his hand to shake hers but she was stuck still, unable to move, completely mortified by what was happening. "I am so sorry!" She apologised to both Dan and Cam, unsure who she felt the worst about. Dan laughed and pulled Cameron into a quick, bracing hug. 

"Honestly love, it's fine. No harm done! Even our mother can't tell us apart some days!" Dan laughed, smiling at Harley. 

"Why didn't you say something!?" She gasped. Dan shrugged, "I didn't know you thought I was him, I just thought an attractive woman was coming on to me! A bit forward maybe, but I wasn't going to turn it down!" He winked at her cheekily and Cameron playfully slapped his arm.

"Honestly Harl, it's fine." Smiled Cameron. "Let's go get a drink."

The three of them headed to the bar, Harley still mortified that she had done that to a complete stranger! She'd probably messed things up with Cameron now too.

Dan ordered a round for them. "So is there just two of you, or should I make sure I don't fondle another identical brother tonight?" Harley asked.

Dan smiled, "Nope, just the two of us."

"Fuck!" Harley exclaimed, glancing between them again, "You two really are completely identical!" Dan smiled, raising his pint to her in acknowledgment. Cameron slipped his arm around her waist. "So..." he whispered in her ear, "Do I still get to come home with you later? Or are you ditching me for my brother?"

"Wouldn't be the first time!" Dan winked, raising his pint again. "Women just can't resist a man in uniform!"

Harley frowned. "Dan's a police officer." Cameron explained.

Harley felt her pants dampen again. She did love a man in uniform! She pressed back against Cameron, picturing Dan in his uniform. "So are you a police officer too?" She asked Cameron. He hadn't mentioned it on their first date.

"Sorry to disappoint you love, but no. I work in the IT department of an office." Cam replied laughing. Harley smiled, wrapping her arms around Cameron. 

"I'll leave you both to it!" Dan called, making his way back to the dance floor. "Nice meeting you Harley!" He winked back at her. Harley blushed, turning back to Cameron. He kissed her, reclaiming her as his, before heading out of the club to get a taxi back to Harley's.

*

On the way back to hers, Harley glanced at Cam, remembering how damp his brother had made her on the dance floor. He turned to smile at her, placing his hand on her knee and running it slowly up her bare thigh. At the hem of her dress he paused, before inching his fingers under, brushing against the edge of her lace pants.

Harley squirmed a little as her excitement rose. She leaned into him, bringing her lips to his. He pushed his tongue into her mouth roughly, kissing her passionately; his fingers still running along the edge of her pants. 

The feel of the lace under his fingers made Cameron harden slightly in the back of the taxi. He hoped the drive to hers wouldn't take long.

*

Once they'd been dropped off outside her flat, Cameron paid the driver while Harley unlocked the door, holding it open so he could follow her inside. Cameron quickly slid off his shoes, following Harley into her living room.

Harley sat on the sofa, one leg up on the sofa and one arm thrown over the back; silently inviting Cam to join her.

Cameron put his hands to her waist and kissed her deeply. He felt her hand on his hips, before one slipped under his shirt to stroke his back. He ran one hand up from her waist to her breast, squeezing lightly over her thin dress. Harley let out a long breath before returning his kisses, exploring his mouth with her tongue as her excitement built.

They both quickened their pace as their touching and kissing intensified. Harley started unbuttoning his shirt, pushing it off him to reveal his taut abs. She ran her hands down his bare chest, enjoying the firmness of his muscles. 

Suddenly Harley felt fingers stroking her over her white lace pants. She pressed herself against his fingers, aching for him to go faster. Cameron pulled her pants off, eager to explore more of her toned body; nudging one finger between her lips to feel her wetness. 

Harley groaned quietly, hardening Cameron even more. She unbuckled his belt and with one hand, opened his jeans. Cameron helped tug them down, his hard cock clearly visible through his snug boxers. Harley ran her hand over his boxers, cupping his balls beneath him. 

Hands and tongues were moving quickly now; touching and caressing; building a rapid crescendo of excitement. In one quick motion, Cameron sat back, lifting Harley onto his lap to straddle him. He lifted her dress over her head, taking in the sight of her pert breasts, snug inside a white lace bra that matched the pants he had discarded earlier.

Cameron pushed his boxers down, grasping his cock in his hand, while his other hand held onto her hip; pulling her down on top of him. She was so wet, he slid into her easily as she began rocking back and forth on his cock. 

Cameron reached around to grab her buttocks, kneading them gently, before rubbing his firm hands along her thighs; up and down in time to her rocking. Harley moaned loudly as he traced the outline of her thigh tattoo with his fingers.

She ground into him harder, keeping her hands on his chest to steady herself. She heard his breathing quicken, making her rock faster on his cock. He reached up to her chest, pulling the lace of her bra down over one of her breasts and pinching her nipple gently between his fingers. She gasped, bucking against him feverishly as she felt the beginning of an orgasm blossoming.

Cameron pulled her towards him, taking her hard little nipple in his mouth, tipping her over the edge. Her orgasm was loud and he grabbed her hips roughly; using his hands to rock her back and forth on his cock, extending her orgasm as he bought on his own. Harley gasped again as she felt him fill her with his hot cum. He continued rocking her hips, milking every last drop from his cock.

He pulled her face to his, kissing her gently; his cock still nestled inside her. Harley held his face in her hands as they kissed, completely lost in each other. 

Harley slipped off his lap, reaching behind her back to unclip her bra, letting it drop to the floor. Cameron's slightly flaccid cock twitched at the sight of her naked in front of him. Harley reached for his hand to pull him up. He stood, stepping out of his boxers and jeans that were bunched around his ankles.

Harley winked at him boldly, taking his hand again and pulling him towards her bedroom.

*

The sun rose early on Sunday morning; beams of warmth coming through the gaps in Harley's curtains. Cam rolled to face her, placing a light kiss on her lips to wake her. "Morning gorgeous..." he smiled. Harley smiled back. Cam ran his hand slowly along her bare side as she placed her hand on his chest. 

"So, am I getting a third date?" Cameron smirked. Harley stroked his chest. "I think so... as long as you warn me in advance if your brother's going to be there!" Harley flinched with embarrassment at the memory of passionately kissing Dan in the club.

"I didn't know he was out last night until I saw you with him." Explained Cam, "Honestly. I can't keep up with what shift he's working half the time!" 

"And it doesn't bother you? When you saw us together..." Harley had to ask, she needed to know things were ok.

Cameron chuckled. "You aren't the first to mix us up like that! It was our second date Harls... long as you don't make a habit out of it!" He winked at her. Harley laughed, "I need to find a way to tell you both apart!"

"I'm the better looking twin..." smiled Cameron, leaning in to kiss her again. "True," Harley replied, "But I do love a man in uniform!" Cameron laughed, kissing her again; rubbing his hands up and down her body. He liked nothing more than slow, lazy sex on a Sunday morning; under sheets still warm from sleep.