 Brian stands, completely naked, in Debbie's small apartment. She's naked also, kneeling at his feet, one hand around the base of his cock , the other fondling his testicles, much of his erection stretching her lips, filling her mouth, about half way into her throat.

"I know you like to suck me Debbie and I love it when you do. And that you think this position is the most comfortable for you. But it seems demeaning for me to just stand here while you're on the floor sucking me. I should be doing something with you, fingering you, licking you maybe."

Debbie runs her lips down and back again, licking and tasting him before she backs her head loose, still holding him with her hands, as she looks up at him. 

"I do love sucking cocks. Maybe I'm a pervert or something but I do. And you're the best I've ever had. You taste good, feel good and your cum is delicious. And I do like this position. Leaning over you on the bed is less comfortable. Right now, I just want to suck you and enjoy it. I don't want anything else interfering with what I'm experiencing. You can lick me later, eat me out royally. And I'll love it. And I don't want anything else to get in the way of my experiencing that, either. But if you really want to 69 we sure can later sometime. We've got lots of time. Right now I want to make you cum. Because then, you'll last longer later and will give me a lot of orgasms. And besides, I just like it."

With that, she gets her mouth around him again and starts sucking and licking and working on him. It doesn't take long, never does, she's discovered what works with him, and he cums in her mouth, load after load. She swallows and smacks and licks her lips, relishing it. She then stands and, presses tightly against him. They hold one another and kiss. She breaks the kiss and moves to the bed and lays on her back, bending her legs and spreading them a little, so that Brian is looking at her up past her open pussy. 

"Like this?" she asks coyly with a little smile, "what position do you want me in?"

He doesn't answer, just climbs up through her legs, over her, to kiss her again as his hands hold each breast. Brian tells her how beautiful she is and what a lovely body she has as he kisses his way down her body, sucking on her nipples along the way, before getting between her legs. He's done this before, too, and knows what works. His tongue pushes into her, moves up and down her slit, and finally reaches her clit. He licks and sucks and almost bites as he works his mouth and tongue on her. He slides a couple fingers into her vagina as he centers attention on her clit. Soon her hips are jumping, she's almost screaming, and starts to gush out her juices. He lowers his face, pulls out his fingers, and sucks up everything he can. Her legs have closed on his head. her hands are pushing his face into her. As she relaxes and releases him, he straightens some, moves up and gets his cock, now back to full erection, aimed into her. Her moans and yells never die from her orgasm as he begins pumping into her. Debbie's legs are up, her knees almost to her shoulders.

"Lower your feet onto the bed," Brian says as he continues to fuck in and out. She does. He changes his angle of attack slightly, still pumping into her. Within seconds, perhaps on his third inward movement, Debbie reacts.

"Fuck, Brian, that's amazing. I'm not going to last a minute!"

He continues to plow into her. Her noises get louder. Her whole body starts to almost shiver.

"Fuck, I'm cumming again already," she almost screams. She lifts her feet, wraps her legs and her arms up around Brian, pulling him close. "You've got to stop. It's so good it hurts. How do you do that?"

Brian is laying atop her, supporting his upper body with his arms, his still erect cock soaking in her vagina. "A couple times when we fucked in this position, you reached down between us to rub your clit. So I guess you want it to be massaged or worked on while we're fucking. So I figured that if we were both in the right positions and I pushed down as well as in, my pubic area would hit your clit each time I pushed in. And I guess it does. I don't get as far in, though. But that doesn't seem to matter, does it?"

Debbie sighs, almost a moan. "I've never had anything like that. I've never been so aroused in my life. I actually had to stop you and I've never done that before. It's just perfect. More than I can handle. I'll have to adjust to this. But, please, do it again, often."

"Right now?"

She grins up at him. "No, not right now. I'm too sensitive right now. But you're still hard, aren't you? I think maybe we need to roll over and let me fuck you for awhile so I can control it some and take it easy on myself."

So they do. Debbie climbs onto him and lowers herself down, taking him fully up inside her. She then begins to move her hips slowly, back and forth, then round and round a little, feeling him move within her. Brian has both hands on her breasts, feeling and holding them, then tweaking each nipple. He pushes himself up until he can get his mouth to one nipple and suck on it. His hand then moves down to right above where his cock is disappearing into her and begins to massage her clit. She continues to move fairly slowly, savoring the feelings. After several minutes, she looks at him and grins and starts to move faster and faster, finally bouncing onto him full force over and over, forcing him to pull both his mouth and hands free.

"Brian, I don't know how you do it but if I kept on moving slowly and you continued to suck my breasts and diddle my clit, I was going to cum again. And I want to keep making use of that lovely cock of yours while it's up and hard."

"Debbie, if I move a little to the side, move your leg so that it's pointing out straight along side me." "He rolls slightly onto his side and pushes his hips up.

"Ooh, Brian, that felt good," Debbie tells him as his cock shoves up into her. She does move her leg, though. Then he rolls to the other side and shoves his hip up again. 

"Now the other leg," And she moves it, grinning at him. She's now sitting on him, her legs on either side, her feet almost to his shoulders. "Lean down," he says. She does. Her upper body is laying on him, her breasts pressed against him.

"Am I bending your cock too much?" she asks.

He grins. "I bend but I don't break," he tells her as he wraps his arms up around her. "Hang on," he says as he starts to sit up. She has her arms around him, sitting on his lap. He has his arms around her, now sitting up. He starts inching his way to the edge of the bed, Lifting his hips and pushing forward several times. With each lift of his hips, he shoves his cock further into her. 

"I like this," she blurts out, grinning at him. 

He gets to the edge of the bed. He's now sitting, his butt on the bed, his feet on the floor. "Hang on," he says again and starts trying to stand up, carrying her with him, his cock still in her. He moves his arms and hands to her butt, holding her up. He finally stands, a little off balance, and almost stumbles until her back is against the wall. "O.k, here we go," he tells her. 

Pressing her against the wall, supported by his cock in her vagina and her back, he starts flexing his legs and shoving his cock into her. They're tight against one another, their bodies sticking to one another as he shoves hard, lowers himself out slightly and shoves up and in again and again and again. With each shove in he lifts her whole weight slightly with his cock. Gravity causes her to drop slightly as he pulls out, then he lifts her again as he shoves in. He starts to just pound and pound into her. With each stroke she grunts, almost like a tennis player hitting the ball. He's quiet, concentrating on fucking her as hard and as fast as he can. Her legs are around him, holding as tight as possible, squeezing him.

She starts to almost scream as another orgasm rises in her. He can feel her insides spasming around him, which causes him to also cum. He pushes as far into her as he can get and holds there as he shoots load after load into her.

"Brian," she almost whispers, her face flushed and running with perspiration, "That's wild It's like animals fucking or something. I couldn't think or anything but just feel all horny and hot and wanting it so much." She kisses him as she moves her legs off his hips getting her feet down to the ground. "I have to clean up some."

In the bathroom, Brian watches as Debbie sits on the toilet, draining as much as possible out of her, then wiping several times. 'Why are you watching me? This is just like peeing or something."

"I love to watch you any time," he says. "You're the sexiest girl in the world."

"Yeah, well I'm a dirty, sticky girl right now. I need a shower."

They shower together, exploring each others' bodies, feeling and squeezing and getting more and more turned on. They dry each other and return to the bed, still naked.

'Brian," she asks, "we've been having sex for about a year. All of a sudden tonight, you've turned into the world's greatest lover. What's happened?"

"You like it?"

"Yes. I love it. I've never been turned on more in my life. You're fantastic."

"Well, I've been trying to pay attention and figure out what you like. And then, partly on my own and partly by reading some things, I've tried to figure out how to best give you what you like. I guess, it just all worked out right tonight."

She kisses him, puts her arm on him. "Well it sure did. If you get any better, you'll probably kill me. I wa so turned on I had to stop and that's never happened before. No matter what's happened, I've always wanted more. I still did tonight, too, but I had to take a break. I don't know how you managed to figure it all out but I'm glad you did."

"It's because I love you Debbie. I want to please you. I want you to want me. I want to move in with you, be with you all the time."

Still facing him, laying next to him, she pulls back slightly. "Brian, we've been over this. You don't love me. You love the sex. I'm the only girl you've had sex with and you think it's love. That first time for you was probably my thousandth. I know you loved it. Well I did, too. But I'd felt the same way before. So I could keep it in perspective. What you need is some other women."

"I don't want any others. I only want you. I know you don't think I can love you. But I do. And I did before we ever had sex."

"Brian, you're a nice guy. You're terrific at sex. The best ever. I don't want to hurt you. I'm not right for you. You're too good. Look, all I think about is sex. Before we had sex we actually talked a little. Now all we do is fuck and eat each other. That's because it's the way I am. It's the way I'll always be."

"That's one reason I love you. You're the sexiest girl possible. But I've known you other times. I liked you then. Loved you even. The sex just made it all better."

"But Brian, you're not the only guy I've had sex with. I've even had sex with someone else all the time we were having sex. I don't think I can be a one man woman. If you ever weren't around, I'd just find someone else to be with. It's the way I am. I've always found someone else. That's how I started with you."

"I love you, Debbie. There's no two ways about it."

"Brian, you can't. I'm a whore. I fuck for money. All those times I had something else to do, it was because I was spending the night with this other guy. He pays me for sex. I've been having sex with him for over two years. His money pays my rent, buys my clothes."

"I bet you like him, though. You're not just doing it for money, you're doing it because you like it."

"Well, yeah. That's true. I was in a hotel lobby waiting for another guy to show up so we could fuck for a couple hours. And he didn't show. Then this nice, older guy called me by name. We ended up having dinner and dancing and I began to realize I didn't have to miss getting fucked. This guy could do it. So I spent the night with him. And he was terrific. The best I'd ever had up to then. And the first time I'd spent the whole night and woke up to sex. Then he handed me money. He thought I was a prostitute that he'd hired. A lot of money. Over $1500. I'd never had that much cash in my hand before, ever."

"So, it was all a mistake."

"Yes and no. I got the name of the service he'd hired a girl through and called them, planned on going to work for them. I was willing to fuck anyone for money. Fat guys, old guys, black, brown, whatever. Suck all their cocks. Do whatever they wanted. I thought about it and realized that I'd probably like most of it. And I needed the money. Then my first assignment was this same guy. He decided that he liked me enough that he wanted to pay me a retainer, keep me just for him. Not go on other assignments. And he's been paying me ever since. And I've been cheating on him. With you. I think I'd cheat on any body."

"Debbie, laying here, looking at you, I want you. I love you. So you're not perfect. Neither am I."

She reaches between them to grasp his cock. "I'm not going to argue. I think you're about ready. I've been thinking about this delicious thing since we showered. Maybe while I suck you I can sit on your face."

"I'd like nothing better."

Two nights later, Debbie is with Warren, the older man that pays her, for the first of three nights she'll spend with him on this trip. She starts by sucking him, just because she likes to. He stops her after a short while because he wants to have more opportunities to cum in her, then takes his time to lick and suck on her pussy for some time before finally causing her to cum. They then fuck, missionary position, shower, and start eating a room service dinner, both naked.

"Debbie, I hate to even bring this up but you're going to graduate soon. Do you have some plans?"

Debbie agrees, she graduates in two months. She's already started job interviews, describes the kind of job she's interested in.

"I've been thinking about you," he tells her. "I can't help but think of sex when I think of you. But in some separate compartment of my mind, I also care for you, want the best for you. In a weird way, since I'm fucking you, using you, I even want to protect you."

"I know, Warren," she interrupts. "It took me a while but I realize that when you got me to quit being a prostitute, even before I started, that you were being kind to me."

"Well, I was in a way. But I was also being selfish. Sex with you was terrific. Is terrific. You loved sex so much, enjoyed it, were fresh about it. And I liked that. If you really became a prostitute with many, varied customers you'd have to become hardened. Sex would be a business. So, while I did protect you, I also was selfish in keeping you the way I liked you to be. Kept you enjoying sex so that I could enjoy you. It's why I pay you, because I'm using you."

"That's probably true. But on the other hand, I'm using you. I do really enjoy having sex with you. Probably every bit as much as you enjoy having me. So the 'using' bit goes both ways. The money you've given me has changed my life, made it much easier. So I've benefitted from this arrangement, too."

"I'm glad you do. But still, I have been thinking about what happens once you graduate. My first inclination was to come up with more money so that we could continue this relationship. I've really loved our time together. But then I decided I was being selfish. You should really get to be whatever you want to be, get the chance to be you and not just my mistress. Tieing you to me wouldn't be fair to you. So, I want to continue our relationship as long as we can but I think it's best for you if we end it. You get turned loose. Not right now. I mean whenever you've graduated and need to get more in charge of your life."

"Let me recommend you to one of my businesses," he tells her. "I come out here to visit one division of one of my companies and can get you an interview there. But truthfully, my business with the greatest potential, the one that offers the best chance for growth for its employees, is in Kansas City. What would you think about relocating?"

"Two of the companies I've already talked to would require me to move. I like it here, near my family, but I would actually sort of like to try somewhere else. Experience something new."

"Okay, let me send some information to them. I'll see you again tomorrow and the next night, I'll let you know."

She thanks him and he tries to down play it, that he does this all the time. It's nothing special. He also makes it plain that all he can guarantee is an interview. Unless she goofs, they'll most likely hire her based on his recommendation. But what happens later is completely up to her. She has to be good at her job in order to move up and get anywhere.

She's always enjoyed herself with him but she spends the rest of their time together making sure that he gets all the sex he can handle. He wakes up the next morning with her sucking him, which he converts to a 69 at first and then into straight fucking.

The next night, Debbie has a slight problem. Brian wants to be with her and she lets him know she can't, she has an appointment. He knows what that means, of course. So she gets naked with Warren and spends the night. When she leaves the next morning she doesn't see Brian but he actually tails her and is waiting to try and see who she's been trysting with for the last couple years. He tried to find out at the desk with no success. When Warren finally comes out, Brian sees him and his reaction is, "Well I'll be damned."

The next night, Warren tells Debbie of an appointment that's been set for her. He also gives her a round trip airline ticket to Kansas City and tells her he's made a reservation for her at a small hotel near the office she'll be visiting. Later, in between some sex, while he's recuperating enough to regain an erection, he asks her a question.

"Debbie, I've never tried to dig into your private life. And I don't want to now if you don't want me to. But when we first started, I made it plain that I wasn't buying you, that you should have your own life as a student, including boy friends if you wanted. The last six months or so I think I've noticed a little change in you. Do you have a boy friend now?"

"Well, yes. Sort of. At least there's a guy I've been having sex with.You're go ne so much and I miss the sex."

"How's it going? Is he a good guy?"

"Oh, yeah. He's fine. But I don't want to make it sound serious or anything. I mean, he says he wants it to be more serious but I try to not let it get there."

"Why not?"

"I'm young. I'm not ready to get serious. I need to spend some time learning, setting up my life. Maybe five or six years from now. It's difficult though. I mean he is nice. And he's terrific at sex. And he keeps telling me he loves me and I tell him it's just the sex, it's not love. I'm almost sorry I ever started having sex with him. But then, it's awfully good."

"Better than me?"

"Warren," she says and kisses him and puts her arm around him, "When we met you gave me the best sex I'd ever had in my life. You're just terrific. I really love being with you."

"It's mutual. I love being with you. But he's good, huh?"

"Oh my God, Warren, I've never had anything like it. I have to stop and rest. He almost drives me out of my mind. And my clit actually hurts. Since high school, I've always wanted more sex. I've never had enough. But with him I actually have to stop him. I still want more but it's like I'm overloaded or something and need a short time out. I've never cum so often and so fast before."

"Well then, why not stay with him? If the sex is that good you ought to hook him while you can."

"Well, making a commitment is serious stuff. I think maybe he's the one to be with. But then, maybe it's all just sex and he'll get tired of it. Or I'll get tired of it. And he's a really good guy. He was a virgin when we first had sex. I'm the only girl he's ever been with. And I'm not really a very nice girl. I mean, I've had a lot of sex. With different guys. I 'd have to be honest with him and he might not like that."
