 Master had messaged earlier that day advising that he wanted her mouth, that he had this desire to unload down her throat, that she will gladly receive this and thank him for it. She was happy to obey him, to provide as he desired and was already throbbing with needs to fulfil this command later in the day.

She arrived at his house at the arranged time, she made her way into his bedroom to prepare for his arrival. She undressed slowly enjoying the sensation of the crisp air as each layer was removed to expose her curves, the fullness of her breasts and the strip of hair leading down her mound towards the delights of her pussy. She had tied her hair up that day in her petite ponytail in preparation.

She crossed the room to kneel on her mat, to wait for her masters arrival. She prepared her mind and body by repeating her mantra as her hands caressed her thighs. Her knees spread apart to welcome her masters eyes to the delights between them when he walks into the room and finds her here waiting and wanting. She feels herself moistening up in anticipation. She aches to be touched, her clit is throbbing wanting more, wanting to be rubbed and caressed to orgasm. 

She hears his footsteps approaching, her hands pause momentarily on her thighs as she smiles towards the door waiting for the second it opens, to see his eyes change colour as they lock onto the sight of her, to see his face relax and the corners of his mouth turn up into his smile of pleasure to have his woman waiting eagerly to please him. 

He sighs as he closes the door, making his way over to greet her, she arches her back as she tips her face up to meet his lips as he bends down to kiss her. She wants to reach up to touch him but keeps her hands still on her thighs as she waits until he has finished greeting her with his kisses. He straightens and stands in front of her so that she can reach up to undress him, he assists her by removing his top as she remains kneeling at his feet. She reaches towards his belt buckle to feed the leather thru the eyelet, to release the strap before reaching the button of his jeans and lowering the zip over his erect penis beneath straining to get out. She reaches around him and her hands cup and caress his arse as she lowers his jeans to the floor before helping him step out of his socks. 

Her eyes travel back up his body until they are level with the firm bulge beneath his jocks, there is a slight wet patch from the precome that has formed from the suspense of waiting so she smiles as she reaches out to run a finger underneath the material at the top of his leg so that her fingertip brushes against his balls, he moans from the suspense. She lowers his jocks and as she helps him step out of them she licks her lips in anticipation of what is to come next. She takes her time preparing and planning in her mind how her master likes her mouth on his cock, the build and momentum that he requires if she is going to succeed in making him come in her mouth.

She leans forward and he feels her breath on his tip before her tongue darts out to capture the droplet that has formed. She lowers her face so that her lips are on his balls suckling and licking them as they tighten up in suspense, getting ready to shoot spurts of come down her throat.

She takes her time as she trails her tongue up from his perennial, over his balls and along his shaft before kissing his tip. Before she can part her lips to take him in he steps away and backs up to sit on his bed. He props himself up on an angle against his headboard with his legs spread wide to allow her room between his thighs as he motions for her to come join him on the bed. She smiles as she rises to stand and approaches eager to please him.

As she climbs onto the space he has left her in between his thighs she leans forward so that her breasts are pressed against his face, as she lowers herself to kiss him deeply taking her fill before moving her attention down his body, making her way down over each nipple sucking and kissing his skin along the way before being faced with his cock once more. 

She smiles up at him as she lowers her lips towards his tip, taking his head into her mouth. She begins to run her tongue over his helmet, licking the underside of his shaft as he moans with desires. As she lengthens the movement to increase the amount of his cock she takes into her mouth she sucks her cheeks in to increase the pressure on his shaft, to make her mouth tighter around his cock.

She reaches her hand out to caress and scratch his balls whilst keeping the steady rhythm up and down his shaft with her mouth. Her fingers brush down between his thighs to scratch along his perennial, she hears the intake of his breath and knows that he enjoys this sensation. Her rhythm and momentum sucking, flicking her tongue over his head and twisting her mouth around his shaft changing the angle constantly has him building. His helmets edge is so sensitive that the motion of her tongue moving around it, along it as she sucks her cheeks in on him has him building towards his orgasm, the sensation is almost excruciating with the need to release. He reaches down to take hold of that ponytail as he assists her movements on his cock, pushing down on her to take him deeper and pulling her head up again. 

Her master backs off his momentum slightly so that he can take a moment to pleasure his mistress, he moves his leg so that his knee is pressing against her mound as she continues to suck his cock. He can feel her vagina fluids against his skin as she rubs herself on him. She moans around his cock with her desires. He lifts his leg out wider until she feels his big toe pressing against her bolt, he flicks this as she moans. She spreads her legs wider to allow him access to her cunt as she continues her slow torturous administrations on his cock. 

He moves his toe down towards her vagina and rubs along her pelvic bone. He keeps flicking his big toe up and down on her pelvic bone and enters her vagina providing that slight pressure as he enters, withdraws and enters her again. This continued rhythm and pressure on her pelvic bone along with the delights she receives by pleasuring her masters cock has her build towards her orgasm. She feels her body building and as she lets go she feels her gush squirting onto his foot. Experiencing this on his toe alone has them both moaning for more. She returns to her administration on his cock whilst in her euphoric state wanting to ensure he finds his release. 

He lifts his hips as he fucks her face, as his hands rest on the back of her head to hold her in place. She gags as his length hits the back of her throat but she slows her breathing and relaxes her throat to receive him. She reaches her hand between them to caress along his perennial, this has his balls tighten in response as he moans his delight at having her fingers here. His hold on her head loosens so that she can begin to move up and down on his length, sucking her cheeks in and moving her tongue around his knob as she does so. 

As she feels his pressure build, as she continues this pace bobbing up and down on him he tells her not to stop, he tells her how good she is, how much of a cock whore she is. She is delighted by his words and wants to pleasure him more until she feels each powerful squirt of come hit her throat. She feels the tip of his cock open to release this prize into her mouth, the warmth of his come as it shots out with each powerful thrust of his cock. This first squirt hits the back of her throat as she feels his cock move in her mouth, then a second and a third spurt as he unloads. Her cheeks are filling up with his delicious semen, she waits for his squirts to subside before she milks the last of his come from his tip, before moving her mouth away. She smiles up at him with her mouth full of his seed and his eyes drift to her throat to watch it work as she swallows every last drop. She smiles at him as she revels in the power of his come, she loves to suck him off and receive his gift in this way.