 By way of introduction, let me say that if you haven't read the first chapter of this story, then much of the next few pages will mean very little to you. So I suggest you go back and read "Mister Jack Miller: Chapter 1" to get the background on this tale. That having been said, please...read on...

As I sped down the freeway towards the hotel, I could not remember ever feeling as alive as I did that day. Sure, some might say it was a fling, a quickie, nothing more than "sex a la carte." But I know that I had given her something that she really needed at that moment for reasons I would probably never know, and the fact that I was able to be there for her made me realize that I worth a little more than I had thought possible.

I made it in record time to the hotel, and told the desk clerk I was with the reunion party. After giving my name, he told me that the party that was supposed to be sharing my room with me was unable to make the trip, and that the reunion company would be making some last-minute adjustments to the room assignments, so I would be assigned a new roommate as other cancellations were processed. I later found out that Uncle Hal had gotten arrested on yet another DUI, and was forced to spend that week locked up in the county jail back home. I asked if they knew who would be assigned to the room with me, and he said he didn't know, that that was the job of the event planner. I shrugged, took the key, and headed up to my room. I had a long, hot shower, masturbated satisfyingly to thoughts of Shari and our airborne adventure, and slipped naked between the sheets, drifting off to the dulcet tones of "SportsCenter" on the boob tube.

The 8 am wake-up call slapped me in the face. I slipped on my bathing suit, grabbed a towel and headed down to the hotel pool to take a few laps before indulging in the breakfast buffet. After forty healthy laps, I moved to the Jacuzzi to let my muscles soften a little before heading up to the room. I figured there would be a chance I would start to see some of my relatives by this time, and sure enough, just as I was heading out of the Jacuzzi, toweling off, I met Cousin Chuck and his wife Nancy who were coming to lay out in the sun for a bit. "Check in's at ten, Jackie," said Chuck, "and you know how Nana insists on punctuality!"

"Yeah, I know, it'll be good to see her again. How you guys doin'?" ...and so it went. I met Uncle Morris at the elevator, and he told me about Uncle Hal's predicament. Getting off the elevator, I literally ran into my niece Debbie. But that wasn't so bad, because she was also dressed for the pool, and perhaps also intended to snare a man or two. I should mention here that even though she's my niece, Debbie's actually two years older than me. Debbie has jet-black hair, is about six inches shorter than me, and has, probably, the best body of any woman in the whole clan--toned, with medium-to-large sized breasts and an ass that was tight as a drum but could still jiggle at the right times when needed...

"Whoa, there, girl, not so fast! Don't even say hi to the man who saved your life?," referring to a pretty scary incident fifteen years or so ago when I literally pulled her out of a burning car and gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.

"Jackie!!!" She squealed as she leaped into my arms, wrapping her legs around me in the process. Uncle Morris rolled his eyes as the elevator doors closed and he went up to his floor. She gave me a big kiss on the lips and ruffled my hair. "So when did you get to be such a hottie, Jack?"

She was obviously referring to my better than average (for me, lately anyway) physique and the fact that I was wearing nothing but a bathing suit at the time. "About the same time you took up skinny dipping," referring to the fact that her suit was a very revealing, almost transparent yellow maillot, which I pointed out by touching her clearly-visible left nipple through said fabric.

"Oh, this...it's new...you like?" She giggled, turned around, bent over to show off her ass, which was split thong-style by the suit, and then turned around again, smiling at me. "For some reason, I'm always so horny when I wear this." I looked down at her crotch, and not only saw the shadow of her smoothly-shaven lips, but the wet spot that testified to her horniness. It never ceased to amaze me, first how good she always looked (she was forty, but she didn't look a day over twenty-five), and second how she always had a smile on her face and a bounce in her step. I could stand to learn a thing or two from her, no doubt.

I flashed back to the airplane and my escapade with Shari, and, despite the hundred lewd things I felt like saying to Debbie at that moment, I instead went with, "Check in's at ten, so don't spend your whole morning flirting or Nana'll never let you forget it."

"Don't I know it! Well, I better hurry up, then! Bye Sweetie!" She blew me a kiss, and, as I began to walk down the hall towards my room, she reached back and squeezed my ass-cheek. "You really are a hottie these days, Jackie!," and with a more inviting look than I would have expected, she disappeared into the elevator. I made a quick mental note of the fact that she had a room on the same floor as mine...

Well, needless to say, my nerves were at a peak, because it was now 8:30, which meant that it was 11:30 back home. I knew that Wendy's plane was due to arrive at 9:50, so she would have made it to the office some time ago. The package was supposed to have been delivered no later than 8:30 am, so Mr. Chalmers would have had over an hour and a half to look at the tapes and the anonymous letter I had included before she arrived at the office. I was dying to know something, so I called Donna in her office and asked her if anything had hit the fan yet.

"Omigod, Jack, you should have seen Chalmers' face when Wendy walked in the door! He grabbed her by the arm and pulled her into his office and slammed the door! They've been in there for over an hour and...wait a sec...(on hold for a few seconds)...Jack, I gotta go see Chalmers RIGHT NOW...I hope there's nothing I gotta worry a bout...please tell me everything's okay, Jack!"

"It'll be all right, baby (did I just call her "baby"?). Just stay calm and try not to reveal anything. I'm sure it's gonna be fine."

"Wendy just came out of his office. She looks sad and pissed off at the same time. She's got a box in her hand, like maybe Chalmers told her to clean out her office or something...shit, gotta go. I'll call you when I get out!"

She hung up, and I thought, "It has begun..." and lay back on the bed for a few minutes, wondering what the hell might be going on now. I started pacing back and forth, and finally decided to do something constructive, so I shaved, took a quick shower and started to get dressed. One hour till Nana-time. I started to think about how Nana seemed to be the only one in the whole family who had opposed my marriage to Wendy in the first place, and that now it seems my rebellion against her opinion required an apology of some sort, without revealing too much of the current situation to her. What am I saying--she's probably reading my mind right now, for all I know...

The ringing of my cell phone jarred me back to reality, and when I heard Donna's voice, I couldn't quite figure out what emotion she was trying to express to me. I had sincerely hoped that her part in all of this hadn't been discovered. I thought we had covered our tracks pretty well, but the "Jack, you are not gonna believe this..." was just enigmatic enough I had to shout "WHAT, Donna? What happened?"

"Um...I'm the new VP of Marketing. Wendy has tendered her resignation as of this morning, as did some of her key staff members, and they will be seeking employment elsewhere." She sounded so business-like, I correctly ascertained that she was being cautious to not reveal too much to nearby ears, so I expressed my heartiest congratulations, and we made a tentative date to celebrate upon my return. "Thanks, so much, Jack. I don't know what to say."

"You already said it, sweetie. By the way, I want you to be the first to get my new cell number. I'll be dropping the other one in a few days, after things settle down a bit..." I gave her the number, then she gave me a quick, "Sorry Jack gotta go," which I completely understood. She hung up, and I flopped back on the bed. Wow. So that's what this all comes to. I wonder how things'll shake out when the other shoe drops.

I glanced at the clock-radio. Nine Forty-five. Time to go be a family member again. I straightened my tie, checked my teeth, and headed out the door. I met someone I didn't recognize at the elevator, but they must have been related, because they had on the family reunion badge. I realized I forgot mine and after spurting out a quick, "Nice to meet you, we're related!," rushed back to the room to get it. As I grabbed the badge off of the bedside table I noticed that my old cell phone had a light flashing on it. Message. Probably Wendy. Did I want to listen now? Not with Nana waiting....

********

I rushed back to the elevator, and made it into the reserved ballroom just in time for the doors to close behind me. Nana was seated on a dais at the front of the hall, and as I exchanged whispers with the coordinator who informed me what table I was to be seated at, Nana shot me a wink and a smile, that seemed to tell me that everything was gonna be all right. How does she DO that, I wondered? I slipped between a few tables to a place not too far from the front, and flopped down in the chair with my name-card on it, and realized that both my mom Doris, and my sister Alex were positioned on either side of me. After a quick hug to each of them (had Alex always been so beautiful? maybe it was that blue sleeveless blouse and matching pants that accentuated just about every curve on her), I turned my attention to Nana.

She gave an obligatory speech, not unlike what Bilbo delivered at the beginning of Lord of the Rings, thanked us all for coming, told us about several planned events (a couple of tours, a dinner-dance, a private pool party), and made a little cryptic comment at the end of the speech that indicated that she wanted very much to meet with several of us individually during the week. Then she told us all to enjoy the luncheon, get reacquainted with everyone, and to stay out of trouble. When she said this last, I wasn't sure if she was looking at Alex or myself, but, either way, you could say she knew us both a long, long time.

When she finished her speech, the waiters came in and began to serve. Two attendants helped Nana down off the platform, and she walked slowly toward our table, where she sat down opposite me.

"Wow, Nana, how'd we get the honor of sitting at YOUR table? It's so good to see you. I can't believe how great you look!"

"Did you take my advice about that restaurant in Luxembourg, lad? I'm never wrong, you know..."

"Did I? Well, not only did I do just that, I can safely say that it's my favorite restaurant in the world right now. In fact, it's funny that you mention that. When I was flying out here, I mentioned that very restaurant to my seat-mate on the plane and she mentioned that she knew and liked the place too. Small world, eh Nana?"

There was an expression on her face that I couldn't decipher. Concern? Interest? Putting two and two together? A Plan being conceived? Not quite sure. Nonetheless, I wasn't prepared for her next comment.

"So, Jackie, how's that wife of yours? What's her name, Wilma?"

"Wendy, Nana...Wendy."

Mom chimed in. "Yes, Jack, why isn't Wendy here?"

Not wanting to reveal my hand too soon, I simply replied, "She had a big convention in Florida this week, Ma. She's been really busy, Vice President and all." As I said this I was looking at Nana, who seemed like she was trying to suck all the hidden meaning behind that comment out of my brain. But instead of addressing me, she looked at Alex.

"Now, Alexandra, did you arrange with the hotel for the exhibit? I'm looking forward to seeing your latest work." Alex was a sculptor, and a damn good one if I do say so myself. Some of her work found its way into museums from Maine to Marrakesh, and into the lobbies of office buildings in Houston and Hong Kong. She had just recently sold one of her newer pieces for the tidy sum of a half million dollars, but before delivering the piece to the collector in Nova Scotia, she had brought it here along with a dozen or so other pieces to show the family, but mostly Nana, who had a pretty impressive collection herself and had been the inspiration for her getting into art in the first place.

"Of Course, Nana. I even brought some of the old stuff. Jack will remember." She shot a look at me and instantly I knew which piece she was talking about. Sophomore year in college. I needed money. She was a senior, getting ready to graduate with her degree in Studio Art. I knew that she was a fixture in the Art department, and she knew I needed money, so she suggested that I apply for one of the modeling jobs that paid enough to keep my electricity on. Next thing you know I'm pegged for a series of nude modeling sessions with various classes. Only thing was, I didn't realize when I signed up for the series that the last class would be with Alex's Advanced Sculpture class. She was tops in that class, so I know that she wasn't there to be titillated or anything, but it was really weird for me. Not once in any of the other classes did I feel even the beginnings of an erection coming on at any point, mostly because I was scared that if I popped a boner that would not only end my money making venture in the art department, but might make it difficult to get any other jobs at the university as well. 

But for some reason, the fact that my sister was there, molding sandstone in the shape of my naked body, I kept imagining that she was not touching sandstone, but that she was running her hands over MY body. And she sure had a way with her materials. The sign of a good artist, I guess, is that they become one with their medium, but watching her hands, both with tools and without, moving over that block of sandstone, transforming it over the course of several days' work into an image of her nude brother...by the time the week was done and the sculpture had almost reached its final form, I was not just imagining her touch, I was almost craving it. The last two days I asked for a couple of extra breaks because I had to go into the restroom and jack off, or I would never have gotten through those sessions with my reputation intact.

But, somehow, I made it. And as the end of the last session approached, she looked me straight in the eye and mouthed a silent "Thanks, Jackie" to me. I smiled weakly, finished the session and went back to my lonely apartment. But that night, after I had eaten yet another fast food dinner and written another boring essay for my English Comp class, there was a knock at the door. Alex was standing there in the cold hallway, still wearing the dirty, baggy Uni sweatshirt and navy tights she had been wearing in class that day, her hair a mess, a soft smile on her face. She had a bottle of white wine in one hand, and a rose in the other. 

"Hi, Jackie. How ya doin?," she asked as I waved her in from the cold and shut the door.

"Pretty good, I guess. You know, you really are the best sculptor in that class. I was pretty proud of you this week."

"Well, I was proud of you, too, you know. It's not everyone that can pose nude in front of a class full of people. Especially if one of those people is his sister. This is for you for being so brave." She handed me the rose, and gave me a soft kiss on the cheek, leaving her lips there long enough for me to feel warmth course from her lips into my face.

She walked into my kitchen (she'd been there enough times she knew the place pretty well) and started rooting around in the drawers for a corkscrew. "Next to the phone in the little wicker basket" I said, and she found it immediately. As she uncorked the wine, I told her thanks for the rose and said, "You know, Alex, that was a lot harder than you can imagine. It's hard being naked in front of so many women and having to be able to control this guy," I said pointing to the front of my pants, which I suddenly noticed were starting to become a little tighter. I don't know if she noticed as well, but she said, "Well, you know, brother-o-mine, I have yet to have the pleasure of doing a sculpture of a man with an erection. Might be fun to try sometime...if you could fit me into your busy modeling schedule..."

"Oh, very funny, Al. I'm surprised some of those students didn't end up with sculptures like that considering how many semis I had to fight off those last few days." As I said this last, she smiled slyly and uncorked the wine. Pouring us a couple of glasses (how in the heck did she find two clean ones in THAT kitchen?), she handed one to me and said, "Thank for helping the department out. I owe you." We clinked, we drank. It tasted good, and I kept looking at her hands, remembering the way they made me feel during the class.

"Aw, heck, Al, you don't owe me nothin'. Remember, they PAID me for the humiliation."

"Were you really humiliated? I thought you looked good up there. Really sexy, even."

"NOW who's the bullshitter?" I said as I downed the remainder of my first glass and started to pour myself a new one and fill hers back to the brim.

"No seriously. I was even talking do Mamie Sanders after the class on Wednesday, and she asked me for your phone number. I think she might want a private session with you sometime, too."

Wow, I thought. Mamie Sanders. Second only to my sister as the most beautiful woman in that class (wait a second, did I just think "second only to my sister"? I need some serious therapy here). "No kidding? Well, wouldn't that be something...you DID give her my number, didn't you?"

"Well, yeah, but only after she begged me. I wasn't going to at first," she said, but then looked like she regretted saying it.

"What you mean you weren't going to at first? Why?"

She stood silent a long time, took a couple of swigs of her wine, then moved over to the couch, grabbing the bottle on the way and pouring the remainder into her glass as she sat down. "Well, I guess I was being a little protective of my little brother, that's all. Mamie has, well...something of a reputation."

Was that it, I thought? Part of me wanted her to admit that she was jealous, the other part of me wanted her to butt out and let me date whoever I want. My reaction, though, was not really what I had wanted deep in my heart to say, but once it was out, it was too late: "So that's it. You don't think I'm grown up enough to protect myself and my reputation. Do you REALLY think you have to do that? For goodness' sake, Sis, why don't I just tattoo 'Property of Alex' on my dick, and let you handle my love life? Huh? I'm fucking twenty one, dammit, I can handle myself!"

Then, I'm not exactly sure why I did it, maybe the wine, maybe my indignation, but I unbuckled my belt in a big ol' huff, slid my pants and underwear down to the floor, grabbed her free hand and held it tightly around my dick and started moving it up and down, forcing her to jack me off.

"There you go, Sister. Is that what you want?," I said with the bitterest tone in my voice I'd ever heard myself use. "Well, there you go. It's all yours. You're in charge now. Do whatever you want with it. I trust you completely. Just remember, this one ain't made of clay or sandstone, so if you screw it up, you can't start over again."

Just when I began to wonder whether that was the smartest thing I could have done, two things happened. One, I started to get a hard-on--VERY rapidly, I might add--and two, Alex started to cry. She felt my quickly-growing cock and started, pulled her hand away and ran into my bedroom, closing and locking the door behind her. I heard her say, "Almost, you asshole! I ALMOST didn't give her the fucking number. Can I help it if I love my fucking shit of a little brother enough to want him to end up with a nice girl?" She said a few other things that got lost in a trail of sobs...
