 I just had the greatest vacation of my life, but I'm not even sure how to explain it. So I will give it my best shot and tell you all about it.

I've worked in the technology field for many years without ever taking a vacation. It's kind of difficult to take time off when you're constantly in demand for your technical services. I never even found the time to date much less be in a relationship. So after a tough couple of years of all work and no play, it was about time that I took some time for myself and relax. A few coworkers suggested that I travel, so I took their advice and flew to a remote island in the Caribbean. 

I spent days on the beach relaxing without a care in the world. One day I just finished eating my breakfast and I headed down to the beach to check it out. I found a great spot where no one was around and put down my towel. The air was fresh, the water was a smooth shade of blue with very slow moving waves. I felt the morning sun heating up my chest and I just needed to cool off to get the day started off right. So I stripped off my shirt, headed to the water and dove right in. 

The water was cool with some warm spots where the sun was just beginning to hit the water. After a few laps to the safety ropes and back, I came up out of the water and noticed there was a towel spread out not far from mine. I didn't see anyone so I continued my swim getting closer to the shore. I stood up and pushed the water out of my swim shorts and it sucked my shorts tight against my leg causing a bulge to show. I pulled down my shorts to fix the issue and relieved the tightness. Then I pulled up my shorts and slowly swam towards the shore. Just as I was about to get to the shore I felt my shorts come off. For a moment I thought the waves had pulled them off, but that wasn't the case.

"The swim is so much nicer without these don't you think?" I heard a voice say.

I quickly turned around and saw that a very beautiful brunette was holding my shorts up. Her eyes were a pretty blue and I just couldn't help but notice that her breasts were fully exposed just up out of the water. Her jet black hair was long and wet just covering her left nipple, but her right nipple was fully exposed. I tried to not make it look obvious, but I just couldn't look away.

I stuttered a little. "Um... Yeah, you might be right. But," I replied still tongue tied.

"Aww I see. Afraid of what might try to take a bite out of you," She said smiling.

I looked around the ocean and then back to her.

"Well. You never know what might be out here. Could be sharks out there," I said still looking at her beautiful breasts. 

"From what I saw, you might be right. We wouldn't want a shark to bite off that pretty little cock of yours," She said with a wink.

She was giving me that devious smile and then she threw my shorts farther out into the water. 

"I don't think you will need those today. The water is fresh and cool nothing to worry about. But, you never know. Might be something else interested in that hot cock," She said smiling again. 

"I see you don't mind swimming out here without a suit. You must not be afraid of sharks," I asked with intrigue.

"Sharks. Hmmm. Haven't seen them around here, but if one does come. Will you protect me?" She asked smiling. 

"Oh yes. Of course. I will knock the hell out of a shark if it tried to hurt you," I replied hoping that really wasn't going to come about. 

She swam around a little and I saw her bare ass come up out of the water. I noticed the water wash nicely through the crack of her ass as she dove down a little deeper. I couldn't help but take notice that her ass was nicely tanned and very firm. I could tell she was an experienced swimmer, because she swam under the water with ease. As she got closer to me I felt a light bite on my cock. I jerked a little to the surprise of the bite and then felt her lips softly kiss my cock. It was just enough of a tease to wake me up. She slowly came up out of the water pulling up on my hips and then grabbed ahold of my shoulders. I held her closely and felt her bare breasts touching my chest.

"Be careful. Turns out there might be something in the water after all," She said looking in my eyes. 

I looked at her pretty blue eyes staring up at me and I just couldn't resist her. She inched her lips closer to mine and I kissed her softly on her lips. While we were kissing I felt a strange sensation come over me, sort of like losing all self control. My whole focus was only on her and my body quickly started heating up.

"I don't mind a little fishing now and then. I like what's biting today," She said as we continued to kiss.

Her tongue was so nice and warm I instantly thought about how well she kissed my cock. The warmth of her breasts caused my chest to get even hotter and before I knew it my mouth was all over her. I softly kissed around her neck getting a little closer to her breasts. She then climbed up a little higher and pushed her breast right up against my mouth. 

"Please kiss them. My nipples are so hot. So hot for your tongue," She said in a sweet voice. 

Still amazed by her beauty I was happy to oblige and I slowly licked around her left nipple feeling it get harder. My cock instantly started to rise from the sensation. I kept licking slowly and took her nipple deeper in my mouth. I couldn't leave her other nipple unattended so I slowly kissed around her right nipple, sucking it softly and deeply. I bit down on her nipple softlly then lightly kissed it.

"Awww. I was wrong. There is something biting today. But I like these kind of bites," She said softly in my ear. 

I reached down and grabbed her ass as she was holding on to me. I felt the water getting hotter and hotter by the second. She was just too hot for the ocean and I needed to get her out of the water before it boiled up. I tried to speak and tell her how hot she was but all that came out was a big sigh. 

"Awww! Do I turn you on that much that you lost your voice. Ha ha you're so sweet. Don't worry, your voice will return soon enough. But for now, I want your complete undivided attention on me and only me," she said looking directly into my eyes.

I was more than willing to give her the attention she deserved. So I held her tight and focused on getting her out of the water.

I saw where I sat down my towel and thought about walking her over to it, but I didn't quite make it. She was so hot and beautiful, I just laid her down by the shore and continued kissing her passionately on the lips. Her lips were very soft and I felt her tongue heating up.

"Yes. That feels so wonderful. Your tongue is so hot," She said as her breathing intensified.

I continued licking down her chest, sucking both of her nipples as the waves slowly kept washing in. She slowly played with my hair, gently massaging my neck. I knew it was a sign to keep giving her oral pleasure. So I continued kissing around her belly button, making sure I paid full attention to that area. 

"Ohhhh! you're tongue is so nice. Keep going," She said softly.

I kissed my way farther down her stomach, her skin was so soft and she tasted like honey. The sweetness of her hot body had me craving her more and more. Her breathing was getting more intense as I kept kissing slowly around the inside of her thighs. Licking and teasing that tender soft spot between her ass and clit, I gently rubbed my nose around to smell the sweet scent of her cunt. Up and down slowly I slid my tongue in and around her pink clit. I tasted the saltiness in her juices and I could feel she was getting hotter and wetter by the second. The energy emitting from her clit was amazing as she let out a few moans. 

"Ohh yes. So hot. So sweet. Mmmm," she said breathing a little harder. 

She held my head in place not letting me move, all I could do was continue licking. I slipped my tongue deeper into her cunt, out again, then deeper inside, licking again and again. I pushed my tongue in as far as it could go and she started to grind on my tongue and mouth still holding my head in place. Soon she was in full rhythm with me still circling my tongue around her clit. The heat was radiating from her clit and I tasted her getting hotter and wetter by the second. 

The waves crashed in again and with every wave, her body intensified even more. Soon with the rhythm of both the waves and her hot body, there was no doubt she was about to explode. Her breathing got so hot and heavy she grabbed my shoulders and scratched down my back with her nails. I gladly sacrificed a few scratches for the pleasure of her at that moment. I felt her pussy tensing up, so I pushed my tongue deep inside of her and held it in. 

"Yes. Yes. Right there. Oh Oh! Mmmm," She yelled out.

She gripped the back of my head and thrusted her clit hard against my face. I braced for impact and felt her juices squirt all over my mouth as she came to a climax. Still circling her clit on my tongue, I felt her juices running down my face. I looked up and gazed into her beautiful blue eyes with her juices dripping from my mustache and beard.

"Oh my god that is so hot. Look at you licking up all my juices. You must of been thirsty," She said still breathing hard.

She then stood up and lifted my head up to hers. I gazed deeply into her beautiful blue eyes and before I knew it we were kissing again. Only this time I couldn't move or speak. Somehow I was in a deep trance and she was in complete control. I continued to gaze deep into her eyes as she slowly walked around me. She felt up and down my chest and I was completely aware of what was happening and I could feel her every touch. She teased my nipples and slowly walked behind me, sliding her fingers down my back grabbing my ass. With a light tease she spanked my ass. 

"Ohhh nice and firm. You feel a little tight. Let me help you with that," She said as she spanked my ass again. 

She slowly walked back around and faced me directly. I so wanted to kiss her again, but I couldn't move. She gently kissed down my chest teasing my nipples. Licking softly and then slowly, she slid her fingers around the tip of my cock. I could feel my precum ooze out with every stroke of her fingers. 

"Ohhh. Looks like someone is getting excited. Does he want to come out and play?" She said looking directly at my cock.

She slowly stroked my cock getting me hard, then she stopped until my cock started to go limp. As my cock went limp she softly licked around the head of my cock with her hot wet tongue. She parted her soft lips and slowly sucked, taking me deep inside of her mouth. My cock instantly started to rise and I felt my cock getting harder and harder with every stroke of her tongue. I tried to respond, but I couldn't speak.

"Oh my God! Your mouth is so hot," Is what I wanted to say, but just sighs and moans came out. 

"Shhhh! I know you want to speak, but don't you worry. Your cock belongs to me and I promise I will take good care of it," She said as she slowly kept sucking on my cock.

Her hot tongue continued to lick around my shaft, up and down taking me deeper in her mouth. My cock was so hard and wet I felt my balls start to tighten up. 

"Mmmm I see someone is really enjoying this. Let me taste you," She said as she licked around my balls and back up my shaft. 

My cock was ready to explode at that very moment. Just then I felt her slide her hands around my ass and slowly she parted my ass cheeks. 

"Someone likes that I see. Let me feel how hot that ass is," She said as she slowly slid her finger across my asshole.

I tried to speak, but once again just a sigh came out. Slowly she pushed her finger in my ass and then sucked down on my cock taking me deep inside her mouth. Soon she was in a rhythm fingering my ass and sucking my cock and I was more than happy to take it. 

"Mmmm you're cock tastes wonderful and I want all of it," she said as she continued sucking my cock.

I sighed and moaned again from the sensation. My cock was so hot and hard from her soft wet lips, at any moment I was ready to explode. She knew I was getting ready to cum, but she didn't care. She wanted me to cum in her mouth. With her finger deep in my ass and her hot mouth sucking on my cock, I was reaching the point of no return and I couldn't control it. Sucking me deep, fingering my ass, this was getting too hot to handle. I felt my asshole tighten around her finger and she kept her mouth deep around my cock taking my orgasm to new heights. My cocked pulsed and pulsed, then I came deep inside of her mouth. She still wouldn't let go of my cock and took every drop of my cum in her mouth. After she sucked me dry she finally released my cock and looked up at me.

I stared deep into her eyes again trying to break from her gaze, but I was still in a trance and she was in complete control. I wanted so badly to tell her how incredible that orgasm was, but I couldn't speak. 

"Mmmm. You did very well. Your cock is something to cherish and I am grateful that you offered yourself to me. Now you must return the favor. Please. Please continue. I want all of you and I offer my ass to you for your pleasure," She said as she slowly bent over in front of me. 

This to me is the most beautiful sight in the world and it would be a disservice to not indulge in her offering. I slowly started to regain movement in my arms and legs, so I inched closer to her ass and gently parted her perfectly round butt cheeks.

"Oh my. I almost forgot. Did I mention that there may be starfish here on the beach?" She asked with a giggle.

I tried to respond again, but I still couldn't speak. I was just happy to be able to move freely again and the view of her tight little asshole was incredible.

My cock was getting hard again, but for now this was about me giving her ass the pleasure it deserved. I slowly kissed down her back, around her ass, grabbing each cheek with both hands. I returned the favor and gave her ass a light spanking. She jerked a little.

"Ohhh! Your hands are delightful," She said with excitement.

Slowly I kept massaging her ass occasionally sliding a finger in between to touch her asshole. Her asshole would clinch a little more each time I teased her. 

"No more teasing. Kiss it. Kiss it for me please," She said with a sigh.

I slowly slid my tongue down between her ass cheeks teasing her asshole ever so slightly. Then gently I parted her asshole and circled my tongue inside feeling the tightness ease a little. As I slid in my tongue she would clinch her ass even tighter to keep my tongue in place. The feeling of her tight asshole around my tongue was incredible and I enjoyed every second of it. She wiggled her ass and she kept pushing against my tongue until her asshole got nice and slippery. I tested the deepness again with my tongue and it felt like she was ready for more. So I eased my fingers up her legs and lightly teased around her asshole making her jerk a little. As I teased her ass she spread it some more opening up, pushing her ass against my face. I slowly slid in my index finger and felt the wetness and the tightness just ease away as my finger went in deeper. I tried to pull my finger out and once again she pulled me back in with the tightness of her ass. I wanted so badly to slip my cock in her tight ass, but more ass play was needed to get her ready. After a few more strokes of my finger going in and out of her ass I slowly slid in a second finger. 

"Ohhh! Wow that feels so good," She said with excitement while wiggling her ass.

She moaned a little more with each push of my fingers and I could feel she was just about ready. Just as I was about to pull my fingers out she reached back and grabbed my hand and slowly pushed my fingers deeper in her ass. I noticed she slid two fingers over her clit and slowly she fingered herself.

"Enough of the playing. Please. Please put your cock in. I need to feel you inside me. I'm so wet and ready," She said as she inched her ass up higher opening up her clit. 

I thought I was going to get to test out her ass, but to my surprise she reached back and put my cock in her hot wet cunt. She pushed her ass up closer to me taking my cock deep inside of her. I grabbed her by the thighs and thrusted my cock in and out of her hot cunt. Her tight clit grabbed on to my cock and with every stroke she kept me deep inside of her.

"Oh my god. Yes. Your cock is magical. Mmmm," she moaned while I continued thrusting my cock in her.

Her clit started to heat up more and more and soon her ass was pounding hard up against me. I took control and gripped her thighs and I pushed my cock in deeper and harder. I tried to pace myself, but she was just too hot and I couldn't control myself. While I continued pumping her ass I teased her asshole again with my fingers. Her ass was so hot and wet she was burning up. She reached back and pulled my cock out of her hot cunt to cool off. 

I could tell she was gearing up for something as she slowly turned around and faced me. I gazed deeply into her eyes again and the blue in her eyes was even more intense.

"I really want your hot cock in my ass. Now obey my command and give me pleasure," She said stroking my cock getting me even harder. 

She turned back around and slowly slid her ass cheeks up and down my cock. I felt her hot ass slide down my cock and she continued stroking my cock up and down. Soon my cock got so hard that her ass stopped at the thickness of my shaft. I felt her asshole resting up against my cock so I slowly tried to ease my cock inside. The tip of my cock was dripping wet making her asshole wetter each time I tried to stick it in. I circled her hot spot some more and soon I was able to slide the tip of my cock inside. Slowly I pushed my cock in deeper seeing if she could take it. To my surprise she pushed her ass hard up against me, making my cock go even deeper inside of her. She definitely can take it I thought.

"You're doing great. Keep going. Yes. My ass. Please dont stop. Harder. Harder. Yes. Yes," She said taking my cock deep inside.

I lighly smacked her ass cheeks as she pushed up against my cock. Remembering what she did earlier, I reached down and slid a finger inside of her and played with her clit. My cock was so hard and her pussy was so wet, her juices were sliding down her thighs again. This was the hottest sexual moment of my life and I wish it could have gone on forever. Soon my cock couldn't stop from tensing up and I felt my balls tighten a little more with every thrust of my cock.

"Now. Cum for me. Cum in my ass. I need to feel you. Please. Yes. Yes. Oh My. Ohhhh," She yelled out while I kept pumping my cock deep inside of her ass.

Her ass was so tight and wet I couldn't control myself any longer. I continued pumping my cock in and out of her ass again and again. My balls tightened and my cock tensed up and I exploded my cum deep inside of her ass. I kept my cock deep inside, letting her take all of my cum. As I slowly slid my cock out I saw some of my cum dripping down her thighs. I gently let go of her ass and we both fell to our sides facing each other. 

Gazing into those beautiful blue eyes again she reached out and pulled herself close and hugged me. It felt so wonderful holding her in my arms, I could have stayed in that moment forever. 

She slowly stood up and grabbed my hand and pulled me close to her. With her head resting against my chest, I lighly kissed the top of her head. Then she looked up at me with those beautiful blue eyes and I kissed her again on the lips. She slowly eased back and stood in front of me.

"Wow. You were amazing. You took care of me very nicely today and you did it gracefully. And for that I am eternally grateful. I will be at your service whenever you wish. You just have to come and find me," She said still exposing her beautiful naked body in front of me. 
