 The misty mountain air filled my lungs as I inhaled. The wonderful sounds of a clear ice cold bubbling creek nearby was now the only sounds you could hear. Arms entangled, I kissed her one last time as we disengaged from one another.

I pulled the heavy blanket over our naked bodies, and snuggled up close to her. "It's going to be a very cold night," I said to her, "having you next to me will keep me warm forever," she replied. Then we kissed again, not a kiss of friends but a meaningful kiss of lovers.

She is so beautiful sleeping next to me. From the stars above burning bright in the clear dark sky, I can see her face clearly. She has the face of an angle and body to match; most men would die to be lying next to a woman like her.

A shiver floats across her body and her nipples hardening from the brisk cold air. I once again snuggle close to her, covering her. I couldn't fall to sleep as quickly as she; I still can't believe that this happened, after so many years of friendship. I can still recall the first time we met, like it was yesterday.

I fell in love with this woman the very first day we met. Being a teacher our paths crossed many times a day for weeks on end. I remember the day I asked her if she would join me for lunch, she smiled a sexy smile and eagerly accepted. Throughout lunch we talk as if we had been friends forever. I was hypnotized by her charm and beauty. As I reached for a napkins in the middle of the table, she to reached, once our hands touched, I felt a surge of electricity course through my body. Then I saw it! A ring, "Oh," softly escaped my mouth. I pulled my hand away quickly as if a snake was ready to strike. "Why does this always seems to happen to me," screamed in my mind. As she looked into my eyes, she could see the hurt, "I've been married for 7 years, and I have two beautiful, wonderful kids," she said. I tried not to show any emotions after finding out she was married and carried on like it didn't bother me until the lunch bell rang. I told her that I had a wonderful time and thanked her for having lunch with me. We said our goodbyes and walked to separate parts of the school.

I tried to avoid her whenever possible after that day, but we seemed to always run into each other. I was loading the last box into my jeep, when she walked up behind me and placed her hand on my shoulder. I turned quickly almost knocking her to the ground. Before she could fall, I had her in my arms, holding her tight. She felt so good in my arms, so soft yet firm, I leaned forward, but before our lips met I pulled away. I desperately wanted to kiss her soft colored lips, but knew I shouldn't. As I stepped away from her, I told her that my job was finished and I was just about to leave. She said that she was sorry to hear this and asked where I'd be heading next. I told her I was going to take a couple weeks off for some much needed rest. We must have talked for a couple of hours there in the school parking lot. We exchanged emails and phone numbers and then I was off. Almost everyday I would hear from her, we called each other a couple of times just to hear each other's voice. I even talked to her husband. He seemed like a nice person on the phone. Eventually, I asked her if she and her family would like to come to my cabin. She seemed hesitant at first, but said she would talk to her husband. A weekend flew by, before I talked to her again. She said they would love to come but because of the cost of the airfare they couldn't. I told her not to worry about the money issue and to plan a date. A couple of days later, she called me and said, How about Thanksgiving, I have that week off and we would love to come," I quickly looked at my day timer and said, "your tickets will be ready for you at the counter." Then said our goodbye's

Stepping onto the front porch of my cabin once again after being away for many years, I could feel the stress and tension of my job melt away. I own my own business, doing consulting for educational schools, which means I'm always traveling. I'm compensated very well for the work I do, and after 20 years in this business, I will be retiring in a few years.

I never married because of the traveling, and now at the age of 41, it seemed my destiny to be single forever. Of course, I dated whenever time permitted; I even came close to getting married once. Until I found out that the bride to be was sleeping around on me.

Money was never a concern as I stated earlier. I never really wanted much. A cabin in the mountains, an apartment close to my work, a early model CJ-6 Jeep, and of course a couple of toys. 

Summers had pass since the last time I had been here. Four years ago, I had it remodeled. It now had all of the modern conveniences, but the outside still looked like the original log cabin.

It was built next to a bubbling creek of the Silverback Mountains. It was hardly accessible by most vehicles, unless you owned a jeep; otherwise you had to walk almost 12 miles. I loved it here, my get away from reality. A place where I would not be bothered by anyone, it almost felt like I was the only person in these mountains.

A year has gone by since they visited me. We had a great time together; I especially enjoyed taking the kids fishing at my favorite pond. Throughout the week, I noticed the two of them didn't seem to be getting along as married couples do. So, one afternoon I took her aside and asked if she was OK. She almost started to cry when she opened up to me. They had been fighting on a regular basis; it started when he went on a little vacation without her. She wouldn't go into much detail and I really didn't want to know. All I wanted her to know is that I cared about her. She kissed me lightly on the lips, thanked me, turned and left. I was stunned, her kiss ever so light, lasted on my lips. I craved her now more than ever. But, "she's married," I thought to myself.

The next day her husband and kids went hiking while she and I stayed at the cabin to clean. She looked so sexy in her blue jeans and sweater. I had a hard time keeping my eyes off her as she finished the dishes. As I gazed at her beauty, it became evident that I had a problem; I had become aroused just looking at her. I tried to walk past her, but she stopped me in my tracks and slowly placed her hand onto my throbbing member. As soft sexy moan escaped her lips, and said, "Is this because of me"? I don't know what happened next, but when I came to, she was leaning over me, I was lay on the ground. Her face mere inches from mine, I reached up and pulled her to me, kissing her deeply. Her kiss was electrifying; I have never been kissed like this. Coming to my senses, I broke the kiss and told her that we mustn't. She pouted her lips and asked if I were OK. I told her that I would be fine once standing and she helped me to my feet.

It was getting late in the evening and her husband and kids weren't back. I told her that we should go looking for them, as it gets very dark at night. She agreed and after getting my pack, flashlights and some extra clothes we set out to find them. We must have hiked about an hour. We kept yelling their names, when I turned to her and said, "I know of one other location where they may be." "The cliffs"! I grabbed her hand and off we went. I was right! We kept yelling their names and the closer we got, we could hear a reply. Once we reached them, a terrible sight came upon our eyes, all three of them laying on the ground. I knew right away that her husband had broken his leg and the kids were suffering from hypothermia. I didn't waste any time getting extra clothes on the kids, then went to work on her husband. I put a split on his leg, bandaged it the best I could to stop the bleeding, and helped him to stand.

It took us most of the night to get back to the cabin, I knew he had lost a lot of blood and the kids needed medical attention as well, so I packed them all into my jeep and headed to town. At the hospital, the doctors work diligently, to repair his leg, and soon he was out of the operating room. The doctor told her that her kids would be fine in a day or two and that they wanted to keep all of them there over the next couple of days for observation. I stayed at the hospital that night and slept in the lounge, while she slept in the kid's room. The next morning, I poked my head in to see how the kids were doing and noticed she wasn't there! As I entered her husbands room, I could hear them talking, I made my appearance known, I asked how he was doing. He said he was fine and went on the thank me. "No problem," I said sitting in a chair. Her husband explained what happened to them as we listened intently. After the stories where told, we laughed and joked, until the doctor showed up. He told us that due to the severity of the break; he wouldn't be able to leave for a couple of days. I looked at the both of them and told them not to worry about anything; I would take care of them. After a long discussion, he told her to go back to the cabin a get some rest; she of course refused, but eventually listened to her husband, and after looking in on her kids, we left.

At the cabin, I fed her than took her to my king size bed. Before her pretty head hit the pillow she was out. Standing next to her, I once again looked at her beauty and placed covers over her.

Throughout the day I kept myself busy until darkness fell. Since she was sleeping in my bed, I decided to sleep outside. I grabbed the extra large, heavy blankets, air mattress and made myself comfortable. I have always loved sleeping under the star filled sky, and soon drifted off to sleep. I hadn't been asleep very long when I felt the blankets lift and was accompanied by her. She snuggled close wrapping her arms around me, then whispered into my ear, "I need you to hold me"! How could I refuse her request! Pulling her closer to my body I held her, I have dreamed of doing this for so long and now I was actually holding her.

It didn't take long for me to become aroused and not wanting her to feel me; I started to turn unto my side. This was a fruitless move on my part, because once she felt me starting to move she closed her arms tighter around me, pulling me to her. My throbbing member now hard as a rock, pressed between us, I was getting terribly nervous. I started to pull away again, only to be stopped by her hand on my cock. I looked into her eyes, saying, "we can't do this," but before I could say another word her lips were on mine. Tasting her soft lips, I lost all control. I wanted her! I needed her! I craved her! 

We ripped each other's clothes off in a mad frantic way. Once naked, we started kissing again, my hand traveling up and down her body trying to capture the feeling of her deep in my mind. Before I knew what was happening, she was on top of me, straddling my body. I could feel her shaven pussy sliding up and down my throbbing hard as rock cock. She bent forward capturing my lips with hers and with one fluid motion sat down on me, taking my cock deep inside her. 

Her pussy was unbelievably tight; it sucked my cock deep inside of her. Soon we had reached a steady rhythm, as she ground her pussy on my cock, I would thrust up hard. Moans of ecstasy escaping our lips, "fuck me" she screamed over and over again, until I felt her climax. I pulled out, not wanting to explode before I had fucked her senseless, laid her on her back, spread her legs and started to suck and lick her pussy. Oh, the sweetness of her juices, this woman was incredible, I have never ever tasted a woman's pussy like hers. 

My nose filled with her erotic smell, as I licked, suck and nibbled on her. As I placed a finger inside her, she let out a gasp, coating it, I gently placed it on her other hole and slowly inserted it. Another moan soon followed. I was eating her with great delight as I finger fucked her. All of a sudden she arched her back, tightened her legs around my head and screamed. My face soaked with her juices as she climaxed. Not wanting to let and single drop escape my mouth, I sucked her wildly. "Enough" "no more" " please," she said, as she reach down pulling me up between her legs. Once again she locked her lips to mine, our tongues dueling. 

With my cock throbbing between her legs, she reached down and placed my mushroom head against the opening of her pussy. With one hard thrust I was again inside her, fucking her! Her pussy sucking my cock deeper and deeper with every thrust, she must have seen the expression on my face or felt my cock grow inside her, looking into my eyes, she said, "I want you to cum in me." That was all it took, I have never cum like this before, filing her pussy full of my seed.

Now we lay together exhausted, "I Love You" I said, "I know," she said.