 My cell phone chirped and I looked at the display. Not recognizing the number, I said a cautious "Hello?"

"Hi, Kelli, we met the other night at the bar." His voice was warm and low. A shiver skittered down my spine as I recognized it and remembered how he'd made love to me on the deck outside of my favorite after-work watering hole. My breathing slowed as I relived him taking me from behind, bringing me to a shuddering orgasm.

"I got your cell phone number from Jade," Mitch continued, "I ran into her at Starbuck's this morning. She was flirting like crazy with me and got kind of mad when she realized I only wanted your phone number. She said you'd mentioned wanting to see me again so she thought it was OK to give out your number."

How mortifying! I guess it served me right for confiding in her in the first place.

"I think I have something of yours," he went on with a smile in his voice.

"Oh?" I queried innocently, even though I thought I knew.

"Yes, a certain pair of pink panties ended up in my pocket."

I grinned, remembering how he'd slowly lowered them down my legs...and what happened after that.

"Yes, I'd like to have those back," I deadpanned. "They're part of a very expensive set."

"Well, you can have them...but it'll cost you," he warned.

An anticipatory shiver coursed through me as I thought of what he might require as "payment."

He invited me to dinner the following evening and we made arrangements to meet at a local restaurant.

"Oh, and Kelli," he said, "you'll have to prove to me these are not yours by the fact you're not wearing any." He hung up chuckling before I could think of anything remotely clever to say.

The hours dragged until time for our date. I dressed in a flowing floral skirt and hot pink sweater, tight enough to reveal just a hint of cleavage. Underneath I wore a bra and panty set in the same shade. Since the eatery we'd agreed on was pretty upscale, I decided the lace-topped stockings and matching garter belt would be in order. Strappy spike-heeled sandals completed my outfit.

I intentionally dawdled, trying not to look overeager, then couldn't find a parking place and ended up being late. Breathlessly, I met him in front of the hostess stand. He looked even better than I remembered in a casual black silk shirt and tailored slacks.

"Nice to see you," he said as he kissed my cheek. His casually warm greeting eased my nervousness about facing him after the intimacies we'd shared as essentially strangers to each other. We had a nice dinner, although neither of our minds was really on food. We kept the conversation light but the sexual tension increased exponentially each time our eyes met, our hands touched or our thighs brushed under the small table. Finally we were done and the waiter offered coffee.

"I don't drink it," I said, slightly apologetic as though this made me something less than an actual grownup.

"Then let's get out of here. Would you like to come to my place?" We both knew what he was asking as I nodded in the affirmative.

I followed him on the short drive and he led me inside his small house. My memories of our last meeting had me more than ready, so I didn't protest as he led me straight to the bedroom. 

He stopped in the center of the room and gathered me into his arms for a long, hot kiss. He rubbed my shoulders and down my arms. The kiss deepened and we rubbed our bodies together, his stiffening cock grinding slowly against my pelvis. His hands slipped down to rub my ass. They dipped lower and raised my skirt. I felt him smile against my cheek as he discovered the garter belt and stockings. Then he released me and picked up a pair of panties off the dresser. 

"You claim these are yours but you're already wearing panties. I thought we discussed this," he teased.

"Well, we did, but leaving off the panties wouldn't have allowed the sexy striptease I have in mind."

"Hmm...that might change matters," he grinned.

"I'll need some music," I said.

Mitch moved to a bookshelf stereo and turned it on. Carlos Santana's smooth guitar came flowing from the speakers like liquid silk.

"Perfect!" I said.

Although I'd been thinking about this all night, I turned suddenly shy. He sat down in an armchair, regarding me intently. Blushing, I started to dance slowly, closing my eyes and swaying to the music. I slowly removed my sweater and tossed it aside. I ran my hands slowly down my sides, unzipped my skirt and dropped it to the floor, leaving only the bra, panties, garter belt and stockings. Getting into it, I ran my hands all over my body, touching my breasts, following the line of my hips down my thighs. I slowly whirled around to give him a glimpse of my backside, smiling flirtatiously over my shoulder. 

I began to dance in earnest, remembering tricks I'd seen on infrequent visits to strip clubs. I bent at the waist and peeked at Mitch through my spread legs. Rising, I turned back to face him and slowly slid my bra straps down my arms. His eyes were glued to me as my breasts threatened to spill out of the pink cups. I was enjoying the touch of my own hands, rubbing my breasts through the lace and circling the hard nipples with my fingers. Catching Mitch's eye, I slid my hand down my stomach and rubbed my silk covered crotch. I rolled my hips in a slow circle, suggestively sliding my fingers up and down the feminine crease.

I stepped out of my high-heeled sandals one by one. Moving closer to his chair, I rubbed one stocking-clad foot down the inside of Mitch's thigh, dangerously close to his erect cock. I left one foot perched on the arm of the chair as I languidly stroked the silky skin of my inside thigh. Presenting my back to him again, I unhooked the garters and removed them from the lacy tops of my stockings. Bending slightly from the waist, I danced to the music, shaking my ass enticingly close to his face. Turning around unhurriedly, I released the garters in the front.

"Help me?" I invited. Obligingly Mitch slipped first one stocking then the other down my legs, taking the opportunity to caress the insides of my thighs while he was at it. Stockings disposed of; I ceremoniously removed the garter belt and tossed it over his shoulder, jiggling my barely-covered breasts in his direction. Enjoying his eyes on me, I caressed my breasts, lightly running my fingers over the distended nipples. Cupping a breast in each hand, I smiled seductively as I swayed to the music. The dinner wine had loosened my inhibitions and I was beginning to enjoy dancing for Mitch. I licked my lips and tossed my hair, then straddled his leg and began grinding my panty-covered pussy against it.

Looking into his eyes, I sang along with Rob Thomas, "Give me your heart, make it real or else forget about it."

He smiled slightly as if in acknowledgement.

"I can't take much more of this," he said in a raspy voice, "I need to touch you."

"Please," I said softly, thrusting my breasts in his face. He licked and nuzzled my chest, caressing the tops of my breasts and investigating the abundant cleavage. I moaned slightly as his mouth began toying with my nipples through the delicate lace. Finally I unhooked my bra and slowly removed it. I smoothed my hands over my stomach and hips, hooking my fingers into the waistband of my panties and slowly rotating my hips some more. I began lowering my panties and Mitch's mouth followed their descent, licking and kissing his way down my legs then helping me slip them off. He took a few minutes to massage my calves and feet, then planted a kiss on sensitive arch of my foot. Afterward, he rose and kissed me lightly on the mouth, pulling me to him for a full-body hug.

"No fair, you have too many clothes on," I pouted.

"Not a problem," he said playfully, guiding my hands to the buttons on his shirt. I smoothed the silk over his chest, delighted to discover that he had a pierced nipple. Undoing the buttons one by one, I slowly slipped the shirt off. I kissed his chest and licked his nipples, enjoying exploring territory I hadn't been able to see last time. He groaned softly as I played with the small nipple ring, gently tugging with my teeth. I knelt naked at his feet and worked off his shoes and socks, then turned my attention to his belt. I unbuckled and unzipped to reveal black silk boxers, barely able to contain a raging hard-on. 

"Mmmmm," I breathed, rubbing the impressive bulge through the soft material. My fingers were barely able to wrap around his thick shaft as I stroked it gently. Mitch rubbed the back of my neck, making me purr. Lowering his slacks and boxers, I tossed them to the side. I grasped the base of his hard cock and gently touched the tip of my tongue to the swollen head, which was warm and velvety soft. I licked and swirled my tongue around the head, investigating the little slit and tasting a drop of pre-cum. Flicking the tip gently with my tongue, I felt his hands tangle in my hair and try to pull me closer. I teasingly resisted, still licking him oh-so-lightly, and began to caress his balls with my other hand. I kissed his thick cock and smiled a little as I admired the print made by my hot pink lipstick.

As his need increased, I finally began to lick my way down his shaft, sucking and licking a little harder. I nibbled down the sensitive ridge underneath his cock, taking little love bites, then licking the skin to soothe. I spread his legs a little wider and kissed my way up and down his inside thighs, then tongued the sensitive area behind his balls. Moving forward, I licked his balls, gently drawing first one then the other into my mouth. Finally, I took his cock between my lips and began to suck the hot length of him, harder and faster. Feeling his orgasm near, I slowly withdrew.

"I want you to cum inside me," I whispered, licking my lips and gazing up at him seductively. 

He drew me to my feet and led me to the bed. He lay down on his back and pulled me down beside him. I straddled him, rubbing my wet pussy up and down the length of his cock, generating sweet friction for both of us. We stared into each other's eyes as I leaned over for a slow, deep kiss. Finally he raised my hips slightly and guided himself inside me. My eyes drifted closed as he filled me completely. As I slowly moved and up and down, he caressed my breasts and toyed with my hard nipples. Still teasing, I raised myself as high as I could with just the tip of his dick still inside my pussy lips, then slowly slid back down. Repeating this several times pushed both of us closer to the edge.

He ran his hand lightly down the center of my chest, between my breasts, over my belly, and down my pubic mound. Dipping his thumb between my spread lips, he began to massage my clit as I rode him faster. With his other hand he guided my hips in an increasing rhythm, until I was fucking him hard and my ass was slapping against his thighs. As he rubbed my clit harder I could feel my orgasm building and I ground my pussy against him frantically, breathing hard. I came with a loud moan and continued to pump up and down on his aching cock as spasms coursed through me. He came soon after, stiffening and thrusting into me hard one final time. As he throbbed deep inside me, I squeezed with my internal muscles, milking every drop of cum from his softening dick.

I fell limply across his chest and he wrapped his arms around me. We lay like that for a while, not talking, just enjoying the warmth of each other. He helped me slide off him and I lay down at his side, resting my head on his shoulder.

"So, can I have my panties back?" I finally asked lazily.

"Yes, ma'am," he said. "I think you've proven you're the same sexy woman I met last weekend in that bar."