 I first met Brittany at an out of state wedding. So cliche, but it's true. My wife chose to stay home and work, which I was used to, so I made the trip solo. I arrived the night before-plenty of time to check out the resort and meet the wedding party and their families. 

Brittany's husband was in the wedding, but neither one made an immediate impression on me. Brittany is attractive, in a girl-next-door way. Slender, with long brown hair and distracting dark eyes. We exchanged polite pleasantries, but drifted back to our individual circles of friends. 

The next day, we all gathered at the pool. Brittany and her husband were lounging in the sun and I noticed her swimsuit revealed a toned, athletic figure. Trying not to leer, I participated in a few hours of small talk with the families, noticing Brittany each time she changed position or adjusted her suit. Her husband seemed oblivious, concentrating on his cell phone screen. 

I tried several times to engage Brittany in friendly casual conversation, but she was cool and polite. I decided to stop trying so hard to be nice to her and focused my attention on my buddies. 

I didn't see her again until the wedding, and we didn't actually speak until the reception. I was sitting at a table, nursing a glass of wine, talking with some of the extended family. Brittany approached me with two glasses and sat down. 

"Hi." She said, "Since we're both here alone, we may as well hang out."

"Um...isn't your husband here?" I replied.

"Well, in case you haven't noticed, he's finger fucking his phone."

I glanced a few tables over, and sure enough, this dude was seriously into his phone. 

"What's up with that?" I asked. 

Brittany sighed. "That's my life."

"What is he even doing?"

"I think it's online poker tonight." 

"Wow." I said, "Not judging, but that's odd and maybe borderline rude."

She laughed. "There's nothing 'borderline' about it." 

We continued refilling our glasses and talking. The DJ had an excellent selection of music and we eventually made our way to the dance floor. I had a nice wine buzz going and became a little less inhibited in checking her out. I'm by no means a handsome model type, but I felt confident and comfortable with her. For her part, she seemed to appreciate the attention. We caught each others glances several times while dancing and smiled. 

She leaned in as we walked back to our table and said, "I feel like I owe you an apology!"

Confused, I asked, "For what?"

She said, "You were just trying to be nice at the pool today and I was acting like a stuck up bitch!"

I said, "You think so?"

She giggled. "You're not disagreeing?"

I smiled and drained my glass. "You want a refill?"

She raised hers in reply. 

The bartender station inside the reception hall was deserted. 

"He's probably getting clean glasses." I said, "Come on, let's go outside for a minute!"

The hotel sported a large outside balcony overlooking the river. The night was warm, and only a few people occupied the many tables, eating and drinking by candlelight. 

We made our way to the rail in a quiet corner, admiring the view. The lights of the city, combined with the sounds of the water made for a nice ambiance. 

"This is nice." She sighed. "I'm having a much better time than I thought I would."

"Ah, that's just the wine!" I teased. 

She bumped me with her shoulder. "Hey!" I protested, laughing, "No need to get physical!"

"I can get as physical as I want!" She replied, flirting. 

"Ohhhh you think so?" I teased. "Maybe I'm not that kind of guy!"

She moved her face close to mine. "I think I finally know EXACTLY what kind of guy you are. For one thing, you're too much of a gentleman to make the first move." 

She leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. Gently, then more urgently. I tasted wine and my head swam. She opened her mouth to accept my tongue and they danced together. I brought my hands up to her face, holding her head while I kissed her. I felt her hands on the pack of my head, then my shoulders. She squeezed my muscles and I was hoping she liked what she felt. She moaned in my mouth and I focused on pleasing her with kisses. 

Everybody likes to be kissed differently. I always try different things and pay attention to how the other person responds. I hope this makes me "a good kisser." 

I felt her press her body against me and I slid an arm around her waist, bringing her closer. She was getting me excited, and I'm sure she could feel it. She didn't pull away, which I took as permission to continue. I slowly moved my hand from her face down her neck and onto her shoulder. We continued kissing as I found myself gently touching her through her dress. She must have had a strapless bra, but I could feel her nipple harden through the fabric. Her breathing was becoming labored and I focused my attention on teasing the hell out of that nipple. I began kissing her neck and ear, which made her shiver.

"Don't stop!" She whispered, "I can't believe it but I'm close." 

I certainly didn't have any intention of stopping, but as a man who likes to go slow and take his time, I was surprised this was going to end so quickly. 

She pressed her hips to mine and ground against me. Clearly, she could feel my hardness through our clothes and was using it to stimulate herself. 

I continued kissing her face, her neck, ears, shoulders and lips. Suddenly she moaned into my mouth and her body spasmed violently in my arms. 

I held her as she came, her head on my shoulder. After several seconds, which felt like hours, she lifted her head and looked at me. 

"Wow!" She whispered, smiling. "That was crazy!" 

I was happy I had pleased her. "Yeah?"

"Oh my God!" She stood on wobbly legs. "Yeah! Oh my God, I needed that!"

She looked back over her shoulder towards the reception hall, then down at my obvious erection. "Oh. Um..."

"Look," I put a hand on her shoulder. "We haven't gotten naked or had sex. Why don't you go back in first and I'll follow along in a few minutes. I'll take care of this later, thinking about what might have happened next."

Relief flooded her face. "I don't know what to say. That's really amazing of you."

I said, "I'm extremely attracted to you, and we had too much wine and got carried away. But, we have real lives to go back to."

She sighed, "Unfortunately."

She adjusted her dress, kissed me gently on the lips, then made her way back to the reception. 

Thankfully, it didn't end there. To be continued.