 I work with my husband Tom at a large company in Orlando, Florida. We have the same boss, Mr. Thompson. Wanting to get a promotion soon, I often work late and do other duties not in my job description. It seems to be working - he now notices me in the hallway when we pass in the morning. I keep telling my husband he needs to step it up and work harder, but he's one of those guys who are the last to get to work and the first to leave. I keep telling my husband how important it is to go the extra mile, but he just laughs and tells me that having fun, not working all the time is what life is all about.

Today, Mr. Thompson called me down to his office - something he's never done before. I thought, well, I must be getting fired or something else bad, because nothing good ever comes from being called into your bosses office, unless of course it's the opposite and he's giving me a raise. Either way, I was nervous, because I just didn't know what to expect.

When I got there, his secretary, Mrs. Snodgrass, told me to go right in. My hand shook as I turned the knob and entered. It was a big office and very intimidating. As I walked toward his desk, I felt Mr. Thompson's eyes check me out. It was casual Friday, and I was wearing a black skirt and a nice top, which was probably too low cut. I hope he doesn't say anything about my attire. My breasts are somewhat large for my size and I sometimes draw attention because of it, something I certainly didn't want to do in this situation.

"How are you, Mrs. Benito? You look nice today." He started out, seeming calm. Maybe I was mistaken, maybe nothing is wrong and I did get that raise, but I was so nervous I was about to pass out. It didn't help that his eyes kept dropping to my cleavage.  

"I'm fine, thank you." I answered, feeling like a complete idiot for being so nervous. 

"I'm glad. Well, I'll get right to the point. I want to talk to you about your husband." My boss leaned forward and looked me right in the eyes as he spoke. There was no doubt he was serious.

"Yes, Mr. Thompson, has he done something wrong?" I asked, almost knowing what he was going to say next.

My boss started telling me what a loser my husband was."It seems he always has an excuse for not following through with projects and frankly, I have to let him go. Everyone has to pull their weight around here and frankly, Tom just doesn't."

I shifted in my seat, fighting this sick in my stomach feeling. "I don't know what to say, I know his mind wanders, and he kids around a lot - But I know he can do good work. Mr. Thompson, I don't know what to do."

I was babbling, and didn't have much to defend Tom with - he is lazy. Jesus, he never helps around the house or with the kids. Mr. Thompson wasn't paying much attention to what I was saying though, he was now fixated on my top, or should I say, my breasts.

"Um, Mr. Thompson, what can I do to talk you into keeping him?" I asked boldly.

"I do notice how hard you work, Mrs. Benito. Maybe I can come up with something." He told me, acting quite concerned.

"Oh, Mr. Thompson..." I started to say, but stopped as he continued.

"I have quite a bit of pull in the company. I'm sure I could persuade one of the other branches to take him, how would that be? But he better improve his performance or they'll fire him." He told me, his focus shifting from my eyes to my cleavage again. I blushed, but leaned forward a little, figuring that if he was interested in how I look, I'd play that card to keep my husband working.

"How can I thank you?" I said, almost crying.

"Well, it will take more than a thank you to make us even." He said. 

I froze. What did that mean? My mouth became dry and I wondered if he meant he wanted to see my breasts. By the way he was staring, I guessed that was it, but he could mean he wanted sex. God, what was I going to do?

"Mr. Thompson, I will do whatever I have to, you know, to keep Tom working. We need his job - we just bought a newer second car and well..." I was cut off by Mr. Thompson's telephone. He picked it right up and went into a heavy conversation about a supply center that was not making a delivery on time or something like that.

"Let me tell you how disappointed I am to hear that, Mr. Christi, maybe I should find someone else to run your operation. He said firmly into the hand piece. He glanced over to me and gave me a wave, indicating I was to leave.

I got up and walked out, not sure what I was supposed to do next. For the rest of the morning, I thought about what Mr. Thompson had said to me about what it would take to pay him back and decided, that yes, he was talking about sex. How far was I willing to go, would I have to give him a hand job? No, too high school. A blowjob? Maybe I could do that. Intercourse? I'm not sure I could go that far - I was married and even though my husband was a lazy man, he was still the father of my children. My heart beat faster as I ran all this through my mind, trying to come up with a solution.

The hours past slowly, but at 3:00, I got up and went into the restroom and looked in the mirror. I decided I had to do what I had to do and put on a fresh coat of lipstick and walked down to Mr. Thompson's office, determined that in the best interest of our family, I was going to have to cross a line I never thought I'd have to.

Mrs. Snodgrass asked if I had an appointment and I told her that I didn't. She gave me a look like I was taking up not only her time, but that of Mr. Thompson and told me to sit and see if something opened up. I sat there for ten minutes, getting more and more nervous and time passed. Then she snapped me out of my daze and told me I had five minutes.

By the time I opened his door, all the confidence I had mustered was gone and I was a wreak. My legs shook as I walked toward his desk. I had no plan, I was just winging it, but somehow my instincts made me drop to my knees in front of him. He spun his chair to face me as a curious look crossed his face.

"Mrs. Benito?" He asked as I reached down and unbuttoned my top. His eyes dropped to my bra and I fumbled with the clasp as I opened it and showed him my breasts.

"Holy shit!" He gasp. 

"I want to thank you for helping my husband keep his job. You said a thank you wasn't enough, so I thought, maybe this would be." I said quietly. Then I slid closer to him and reached into his lap and unzipped his pants. He looked down at me in shock as I fished his cock out. It grew in my hand as I slowly pumped it up and down.

"I'll give you an hand job if you want, and if that's not enough, I guess I could blow you." I stammered. Maybe I shouldn't have mentioned the blowjob right off, but I was new at negotiating like this.

"You're going to give me a blowjob?" I wasn't quite sure if that was a question or if he was just reaffirming what I had to do, so I just dropped my head into his lap and took his cock in my mouth.

"Oh, Jesus..." He exclaimed as my mouth enveloped his cock.

It felt odd sucking a dick other than my husband's. Oh, god, what would Tom think of this? If he was a real man, he'd work hard and his wife wouldn't have to suck off their boss to keep his fucking job. The more I thought about Tom, the madder I got and the harder I sucked on Mr. Thompson's cock.

His hands went to the back on my head and he moaned as he guided my head up and down. I wasn't use to this - Tom never does anything when I blow him but sit back and enjoy it. Mr. Thompson was the complete opposite, he was guiding me with his hands and lifting his hips in time with the bobbing of my head. This drove quite a bit of cock down my throat, something else I also wasn't used to. I didn't gag, but came close to it each time his cock nudged the entrance to my throat.

Just then it dawned on me. I needed to decide what to do with Mr. Thompson's cum. I mean, he was going to cum - that was the whole point of this, but was I going to swallow, or run to the nearest wastebasket afterwards?

He moaned louder, and I knew I didn't have much time left to decide. My knees ground into the carpeting as I gave it my all, sucking, bobbing my head, running my tongue around the head of his cock, telling him how big and tasty his cock was. I felt like such a slut giving my boss a better blowjob than I've ever given my husband, but under the circumstances, I needed to be on top of my game.

Then it happened - one last gasp from Mr. Thompson and his cock started shooting off like a hose. I clamped my lips tighter around his cock to keep his juices from running down my chin. There was obviously no way out of swallowing now - there was simply too much of it flowing into my mouth. I gulped, sending his wad to my stomach. Fortunately, his sperm didn't taste too bad, and I gulped a couple more times to keep up with his spurts.

When he was finished, he pulled out and ran his fingers through my hair, which bothered me, I wasn't his god damned girlfriend or anything, in fact, I didn't want to be on my knees at all. He whispered down to me how good that felt and how much he appreciated that I swallowed. Then he dropped a bomb shell.

"Mrs. Benito, I appreciate the blowjob, but, I have to ask, why?" He said, his voice cracking.

"What do you mean, why? I thought you said you expected something in return for keeping Tom working - you said a simple thank you wasn't going to be enough, so I figured, you know, you wanted something more." I gasp, my mouth still of his salty taste.

"Good god, woman, I never told you I expected a blowjob - I just meant that Tom needed to work harder." His left hand ran under my chin, and he held me in place as his other hand squeezed out one more drop of cum in my mouth. I swallowed it and then continued the conversation.

"Mr. Thompson, you mean... I didn't have to suck your..." I thought I was going to be sick.

"Well, you didn't have to, but I liked it - a lot. In fact, I got your annual report yesterday and I'll make sure you get a raise - that was definitely above and beyond what's expected of you here." He smiled down at me as his hands dropped to my breasts. 

Here I was having a conversation with my boss as he felt me up and his cock was pressing up against my chin.

"I have to decide how much your raise is going to be, what do you think, a quarter?" He said, a smile growing on his face.

"I think a dollar would be better." I said, kissing the head of his cock.

"That would depend how much extra work you're willing to take on." He told me, his hands now pinching my nipples. I was already a slut, what does another blowjob matter now?

"I think I can handle more work than I'm doing now." I told him, now clear about how I was going to get that dollar.

"There's a VP spot opening up in a couple months, maybe you would be interested in a promotion - we can go as far as you want to with this, Mrs. Benito." He told me, his cock now at full attention.

"I'm very interested in a promotion, and think you'll be very happy with how far I can go." I replied, as I kissed his cock again, this time running my tongue around the head a few times. Mr. Thompson and I were definitely on the same page this time.