 Note: This is purely fiction, and it is my first attempt. Constructive criticism



Nobody expects to have an affair when they get married. Your wedding day is a day of happiness, joy and seemingly endless love. Seeing your bride walk down the isle with nothing but love on her face, hearing the minister say the words, "I now pronounce you husband and wife", the feel of your first kiss with your wife; all make for a magical day. When you finish exchanging the "I do"s you start walking down a path that you both expect to be a long and happy one. Melissa and I were no different. This was the first day of the rest of our lives and we were deeply in love.

She doesn't have a porn-star body now, and she didn't then, but her dress hugged her in all the right places in all the right ways. The wedding night was not our first time, but I can say without a doubt, it was the best sex of my life. We took our time and relished every moment of passion. The following morning, we got up and (only just) managed to catch our flight to Cuba. It wasn't a glamorous resort, but it was all inclusive and we spent most of our time in our room anyway.

After the honeymoon, we had enough money to purchase a house. It wasn't huge, but it was nice and exactly what we wanted. Kids started showing up 9 or 10 months later and before we knew it, we were living the picture perfect life, and we were happy. After we had 3 kids, Melissa decided to go back to work. I supported her 110%. She never wanted to be a stay at home mother and having a second income would start to open doors for ourselves, but more importantly, our kids. We knew things were going to get busy, but every night we promised each other that we would always take time for our relationship and for each other. And it even worked for a while.

Our sex life was of course not what it was in the beginning, that is to be expected. But as the months and years went by, spending time alone with me, even to just talk, let alone have sex. There are only 24 hours in the day, and while she never once neglected our kids in any way, but any spare time she had was spent out with her friends, playing on her computer, or talking on the phone. It was lonely, but I threw myself into my work, my hobbies and on the rare occasion that she made the time, a little pillow talk or a quick hand job.

Once or twice I tried to talk to her about it, but she would just brush it off. Her friends, her phone, her computer became needs, and I was just getting on her nerves. So I left it alone. After all, is this not the inevitable outcome to a marriage? I had my 2.5 kids, a dog, and even a picket fence around the yard. We weren't rich, but neither us nor our kids wanted for anything. I've never had a huge circle of friends, but I had my kids, I had my shop and no one was really worried about where I was or what I was doing. Happiness is a choice, and I decided to be happy. There is more to life than sex...isn't there?

As the years went by, our kids grew up and by the time they were pre-teens and teenagers, they were barely ever home, and when they were, they had little to no interest in spending a lot of time with their father. As this happened, I spent more and more time at work. It was a nice time, I had friends, a social life, and people to talk to again. You can't spend that much time at work without it being noticed and I started to quickly move up through the company. When I got the regional sales manager position, it meant that I was going to be spending a lot of time away from home, and that suited me just fine. I had a very healthy social life in my office, and this would mean spending more time on the road (in hotel bars if I am being honest) with the people who cared about me the most.

It was mid-fall when I went on my my first business trip, we were away from the office for a week. During the first 3 days of that week, I worked more than I had in the previous 3 weeks. We must have spent 40 of the first 48 hours working, catching 20 – 30 minute catnaps in between meetings. It was rough, but in the end we closed the deal, and were able to enjoy the rest of our time in Fairbanks. I had spent hours and hours, days and day of time with these 3 people and we still liked each other and were still having fun. We still had 2 days out here and we were going to enjoy it. On the first night, Frank and Bill decided to go bar hoping to see how many drinks they could buy for pretty girls. This left Vanessa and I alone in the hotel bar. It was a small, inviting space. Wood panelling with a long bar, and and intimate booths along the side. There might have been 25 people in the bar, and while we could hear the white noise of conversations going on around us, it was not so loud that we couldn't easily chat. As these nights often do, it got more and more intimate as the time went by. We weren't drunk by any stretch of the imagination, we work together after all, but we were feeling pretty open with each other. Around midnight there were only about 10 people left in the bar.

"I feel like we are becoming very close friends, can I ask you something?" Something about the way she asked that, and the alcohol probably helped, I really noticed how she looked. She was wearing a tight green dress, low cut, but still appropriate. Contrasting her dress, her bright blue eyes felt like they were boring into my soul. I noticed my eyes travelling down her face to her full, red lips. Looking further down, I noticed for the first time that while she is thin, but still has great curves. I saw her full, natural chest, trying to pop out of her dress. Her pale skin seemed to glow in the soft light of the room. For the first time, I noticed the fresh, sweet scent of her perfume. Noticing for the first time that I had lost control of my eyes, I simply replied, "Sure."

"You rant and rave about Melissa. She is an amazing wife, and you clearly love her very much. But you are never home and you never see her, is everything OK with you guys? Has anything changed?"

My heart skipped a beat. It was in the moment that I noticed how attracted I was to Vanessa. 

I am a married man! 

Composing myself as best I could, "No, nothing has changed recently, and I do love my wife, but ever since she went back to work 8 years ago, she has spent most of her spare time with her girl friends at work, talking on the phone, or playing computer games. We still love each other, but the passion and intimacy hasn't been there for a long time. On occasion we get an hour or so to talk before going to bed, and with the kids growing up and spending more time with their friends, that doesn't leave a lot of reason for me to be home. No one there to miss me, you know what I mean?"

She looked at me sceptically. I felt naked before her gaze, like she knew my every intimate thoughts and feelings just by looking into my eyes.

"Are you happy Mike?"

"Of course I am, what more could a man want. I have a beautiful wife and 3 smart kids who are going places and will take care of me when I am old." What more could I say. 

I am a married man!

"When was the last time you and her had a real conversation. I don't mean logistics of running a household, but a real deep and intimate conversation for the sake of connecting?" I could tell she was concerned about me, but at the same time, there was a hunger in her eyes.

I thought about her question, with a seriousness that only a long night with Captain Morgan can bring about. When WAS the last time her and I had a deep conversation? That lead to thinking about our wedding and honeymoon, and how good things used to be between us. 

Where did I go wrong? Why won't my own wife talk me, let alone touch me? 

I have no idea how long I was day dreaming about things that were not meant to be, but I heard her clear the throat. When I came back to reality, her hand was on mine, and she was clearly concerned. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"What do you mean?"

"...you're crying..."

"I'm fine, it's just late and I have clearly drank too much. I'm sorry, but I think I should go back to my room." I didn't know what else to say. It is hard talking to a beautiful woman about a dry marriage. It is inappropriate.

"No, I am sorry, I shouldn't have pushed into your personal life. Can I walk you back to your room? I'll run defence in case Frank and Bill show up. They don't need to know anything is up."

"Okay, thanks. Don't worry about it, I will be fine. I just drank too much." With that we got up and headed to the elevators. We were inside before I realized that she never let go of my hand. Her's was warm in mine, and her perfume was more intoxicating than the drinks. I never met her eyes, but I could feel her gaze running up and down my body.

When we got to my room, she asked, "Do you want me to come in?" My mind was racing, I didn't know what to do.

"No, it's fine. I think I just need to sleep this off."

"That's fine, I understand, but if you need anything, or if being alone gets too hard for you, give me a call. You and I go back a few years. I always have your back." With that, she kissed me on the cheek and left.

Once she was gone, I laid down on the bed, turned on the weather and tried to sleep. I didn't have much luck, I couldn't get her off my mind. I reached for the phone, but thought better of it. I had been masturbating these feelings away for years, so I knew how to handle this. And with that, I laid down, flipped to a pay-per-view channel and thought about Vanessa for the next hour. At the end I had the most intense orgasm since my honeymoon. I don't remember falling asleep that night, but when I woke up late the next morning there was a note under my door.

"Mike, I talked to Frank and Bill and they wanted to go out shopping today. We are going to meet in the lobby at noon if you would like to come with.

Sorry again for last night. I shouldn't have gone there. Let's pretend nothing happened."

I will admit that I was a little disappointed by the last sentence, but I tried not to think about it. I just needed to go shower and go down to the lobby and spend a day with my friends. 

I am a married man!

When I got down there, they were all ready there and waiting for me. We went out and had a great time. I almost forgot about my problems with my wife, but I couldn't forget last night, no matter how hard I tried. The look in her eyes and the scent of her perfume was haunting me like a ghost. Fortunately she wasn't wearing it that day, and her outfit didn't draw my eye, as much at least.

By the end of the afternoon, we had all spent more money than was probably a good idea. Vanessa disappeared in the mall for a while to look at those things that women like to look at in malls, and Frank, Bill and I just wandered around the mall. By the time we got back together it was time for dinner and we went to a ritzy place and had steak. Have to love expense accounts! Afterwards, we went back to the hotel bar and grabbed a table in the middle of the room and chatted for a couple of hours. Around 9 that night, we were bored with the bar and decided to go out dancing. We all went up to our rooms to get ready and I was back in the lobby within 15 minutes. Vanessa was down a few minutes later with a funny look on her face.

"Frank and Bill cancelled. Decided that they were too tired, but told us to have a good time. Still want to go?" There was concern in her eyes. I could see that she wanted to go, but she also didn't know where I stood. Frankly, neither did I.

"Of course, let's go have some fun!" The look of relief in her eyes was only tainted by a touch of the desire I saw last night. My heart skipped a beat. To say she looked amazing is an understatement. She was wearing a sea foam green dress, cut much lower than the other night. Her full breasts looked even bigger in this dress, and she was wearing the same perfume. I felt a stirring in my pants and despite every fibre of my mind telling me to walk away, I kept going. I couldn't stop myself. The need I had to be close to her was more than I could handle.

Dancing at the club was easy at first. We were there together, but we were dancing on our own. As the drinks started to flow, and the night wore on, we were getting closer and closer. By midnight, I felt her breasts pressing into my chest, her hands on my back, arms and chest. I know she could feel my hardness pressing into her, but I didn't care and she seemed to be enjoying it. My hands caressing her arms and back, getting braver and braver with each pass, getting lower and closer to her perfect hard ass. By 1 am we both felt amazing, my hands touching breasts for the first time in months. Neither of us could break the lock our eyes had on each other.

When we heard last call, it snapped us back to reality and we both realized, for the first time that night, how intimate we were being. She leaned close, kissed me on the cheek, and whispered into my ear, "It is time to go." Her breath passing over my neck sent a shiver down my spine. I stuttered.

"If you want this to stop, just say no." She was sweet to say it, but we both knew there was not going to be any stopping this now. We had gone too far, needed it too much.

"I don't know what to do, but I don't want this night to end." And with that, she took my hand and walked me to a cab. The ride back to the hotel was silent, but not awkward. It was a short enough ride, and we passed the time caressing each other's thighs. Occasionally, she would rub a little higher and feel my hardness trying to press into her hand, into her body.

When we got back to the hotel, I was putty in her hands. I would have done anything that woman asked in that moment, but I knew she would take care of me. I felt safe, content and wanted for the first time in years. I needed this, and when I looked into her eyes, I knew she felt the same.

We wordlessly went up to her room and walked in. It has been so long since I had gotten more than a quick tug from a woman that I didn't know what to do, and it must have shown on my face. In a reassuring, but not patronizing voice, she took charge. "Lay down on the bed. Say nothing. I will take care of you." I was doing what she told me to do before I even realize I was moving. I laid down on the bed, and she came up, straddled me and ground her crotch into mine. She reached down to the base of her dress, and lifted it off in one smooth movement. Underneath was a black sheer teddy. Her breasts didn't need any support and the only part not covered was her nipples. My eyes caressed down her body and the slip between her legs was covered in a small piece of fabric.

"Do you like what you see?" No response was necessary. "I bought it for you today. I was hoping it could make you smile." The next thing I knew, her lips were pressed against mine, the air was filled with fragrances of sweet orange and a touch of her womanhood. I was in heaven for the first time in years. She ripped my shirt over my head and started kissing my neck, down to my chest, down my torso. When she reached my jeans, she looked me in the eye. Her face asking if I was sure. All I could manage was a nod. I couldn't have stopped that if you had a gun to my head at this point. She slowly opened my pants, licked up the length of my hard shaft, and sucked the head into her mouth.

Her tongue was making me feel things I have not felt in years. The first sound to come out of my mouth since coming into her room was a moan. She pulled my pants the rest of the way off, and then abandoned my lower section and climbed up my body with her hands and lips. She could read my mind, and knew that I needed to taste her button, to feel her quivering on my mouth and she obliged. She straddled my face while holding my arms up against the wall. I was in heaven. I could smell her on the cotton of the teddy and after a minute, her teddy was wet more from my tongue than her natural wetness. I needed more, but without the use of my hands, I had to move the cotton out of the way with my tongue. When my tongue entered her slit she gasped once, and stood up. She peeled the thin layer of cotton off of her skin and for the first time I saw her completely naked. I needed more, and she knew it and got back on my face. Her scent and taste almost made me cum right there.

When my tongue entered her a second time, she started grinding on my face, I could barely breath but I didn't care. We both needed this release. I have no idea how long she was on top of me, but she got louder and louder as she neared climax. I was able to slide my hands up her body and squeeze her perfect breasts. I could tell she was close, so I gently pinched her nipples. At that moment my face was soaked, she was screaming and I was right on the verge of cumming.

When she recovered, she smiled and got up. I could hear some water running and was starting to calm down a bit. When she came back I tried to get up, but she pressed me back down on the bed, and put her finger over my lips. I was so entranced with her naked body that I didn't notice the wash cloth. She gently washed my face and neck, and then gave me a passionate kiss. After she finished catching her breath, without a word, she kissed down my body. Each time her lips touched my bare skin, it felt like lightning. I was so hard that it hurt. She eventually straddled my member and as she accepted my hard shaft, I fought to not cum. She saw the conflict on my face, smiled, and slowly started moving up and down.

The next couple minutes were a sparing match between her clenching and my trying not to cum. We both knew she was going to win, and she saw that moment on my face. She reached between her legs and starting rubbing her button really hard and fast. I felt her convulse once and then she screamed. In the moment I felt her juices all over me I screamed and came harder than I ever had before. After she wiped me down we both lay down on the bed and laughed. We both knew I wasn't going to end my marriage, it would hurt my kids too much, but we also both knew that this was not going to be the last time. This rabbit hole is deep and we were both excited to see where it was going to go.