 My name is Vanessa, people call me Van. I am 42 years old, single mother of two. This is my story. It's true. I have changed our names, but everything else I am writing, it nothing but the truth.

My boyfriend is Jimmy, almost 40 years old. He is tall, 6'2", around 220 pounds. In every since of the word, he is a 'manly' man. Rugged, experienced and a seriously above average IQ. He can be somewhat arrogant, but in reality, he has every right to be. He has lived more of life than most people even dream of. Now don't get me wrong, being such a 'manly' man, as he is, he is also one of the most sensitive and caring men I have ever met in my life. As you can probably tell by now, I am deeply and hopelessly in love with him.

When Jimmy and I met, we both were coming out of bad relationships. Neither one of us wanted a serious relationship, but we were both looking for friendship. Yes, it was friends with benefits. Jimmy and I both have unusually high sex drives. This relationship lasted a year. We came to know each other very well. He honestly became my best friend. I could tell him anything. We would talk about our darkest fantasies and talk about the 'dark' side of our lives. He would never judge me, nor would I judge him. I respected and admired him. 

Jimmy would do things to me that I never thought I would ever let anyone do. I remember the first time he discovered I was not an anal virgin. We were in his hot tub, while he was fingering me, he slipped one in my ass. He knew immediately I liked what he was doing. He made the comment:

"You are a dirty little slut aren't you..."

We would spend hours having sex...the one thing I was not sure of was the way he would pinch my nipples. No one had ever been rough with my tits, except for the occasional rough squeeze in the heat of passion. But Jimmy would pinch my nipples so much that I would be sore for days. As uncomfortable as it was, I did enjoy this and became quite accustomed to it. To tell you the truth, I can't imagine NOT having my nipples pinched and pulled now.

Jimmy's fantasies and mine have always run along the same lines...abusing, degrading and the humiliation of women. Jimmy would enjoy rougher sex, however, actually fulfilling a fantasy such as this was not really him. He honestly is a very sensitive person. One night while I was at his house, we were talking and he said it was a fantasy of his to face fuck a woman and not care about how she felt. I told him that I would let him do that with me, he blushed somewhat and said that he could not do it because he would feel guilty and would not be able to look at me the next day. I told him I really did not mind if he put his hands on my head and forced me. In fact, I had never let a man put his hands on my head while I was giving them a blow job, that was one of those things I had to have complete control over. I was actually quite an impressive cock sucker and I knew that. He never really did force his cock down my throat, but on occasion, he would put his hand on my head...but nothing too rough.

I had a boyfriend who would enjoy rougher sex, but still there was always a point where I had control and it never really went very far. It was more of the verbal than anything with him. He did enjoy talking dirty to me while having sex and enjoyed it while I talked dirty to him as well. 

Jimmy is more of a quiet lover. There are times, he does not make a noise. Me on the other hand, I am quite the opposite. I am very vocal. With having two kids, I have to constantly remind myself to be quiet. 

I remember the first time I every gave Jimmy head. He was sitting on the couch while I was kneeling in front of him. He has the most magnificent cock. It's actually much larger than the average. It's straight, thick and just down right perfect. Honestly, I can take an average mans length, but Jimmy, I was never able to take him fully. I did my best to please him. He did not cum easily...I swear I must have worked him for 45 minutes, He finally shot his load. 

Since the beginning, I have always enjoyed giving him head. I enjoy it so much it is actually a turn on to me. At this point, I have to say I am one of the rare women who can literally flood a bed when I orgasm. When I am sucking on Jimmy's cock, I get very wet. I think he knows how much I enjoy sucking him since he can feel how wet I am.

One weekend, while camping, I was in my usual position on my right side sucking his cock in bed. I had written a story about men using a woman for their pleasure. I also talked about them fucking her throat in the story. Well, Jimmy read the story that day (I usually let him read all my stories because if he likes them, I can see the hard on building. If they are just ok, then there is no hard on.) He liked this story. That made me happy. While I was doing my usual, his hand came from my back and on top of my head. He began forcing his cock deeper in my mouth. He was enjoying using my mouth and became more vocal than usual. He put both hands on my head and pushed my head farther. To my surprise, his cock slipped past the back of my mouth and into my throat. I immediately gagged. (Something that I usually don't do.) He let me up and I was gasping for air. My face was coated with my saliva, one of his hands came around to my face and softly stroked my wet cheek. When he did that, I immediately orgasmed. I was sopping wet. He pushed me down again and thrust his cock in my throat, I again orgasmed. Never in my wildest dreams had I ever thought that having a man force his cock in my throat while I choked and gagged would bring me to orgasm. I know he was lost in the feeling as well...he began talking to me.

"Oh yes, that's it, that is how you deep throat....take it, choke on my cock..." he went on and on. 

I can't honestly tell you how many times I orgasmed whiled he fucked my throat. When he was ready to cum, he again shoved his cock in my throat and literally came down my throat. Needless to say, I gagged hard, he was so deep in my throat I could not even swallow. When I caught my breath, I giggled and said I was sorry for gagging so much . (Usually, hearing someone gag, he would gag in return...)but he said it was ok, he in fact liked hearing it on this occasion. He flipped me on my back and began masturbating me. He could not help but notice how wet I was already. He brought me to many more orgasms. We both collapsed. 

Since that weekend, I have made it my personal mission to be able to let him in my throat. Every time I give him head, I force him in as much as possible. I have gotten better...I am not gagging as much. He has become a bit more vocal during my blow jobs, even if its just moaning with pleasure. As weird as it sounds, I love it when I feel his hand come off my back and on my head and he talks to me. 

I have always had a very high sex drive, but for me, the summer is always the best. My drive increases in the summer time. I don't know why. I would love to be Jimmy's pleasure slave. Nothing would please me more than have him look at me and tell me to suck his cock, just because. In my fantasies, actually that is what happens. We would be sitting on the couch and he would look at me and say,

"Get on your knees and suck me, I want release." Or, "Go clean out your ass, I want to fuck it."

Honestly, the fantasies I have...they all have him using me to please himself. 

He has fulfilled a lot of my fantasies, I am not sure if he is aware of it though. There are times, when he will fuck my ass without warning. I do fight him some because of the intense pain on penetration , but he will usually just hold me down until I get use to it. I always do get use to it, I do love him fucking me in my ass. I sometime use my anal ball and get myself ready...telling myself that I will tell him I want to be ass fucked. I can't seem to bring myself to tell him though. Why? I don't exactly understand it myself, but I just can't. He always brings me to many, many orgasms, no matter what he does to me. He knows where my buttons are and how to use them.

Last night, was one of those fantasies...actually, it was not one I ever thought of the way it happened. 

As we settled into bed, he lay on his back as he usually does and extended his left arm for me to snuggle into. I sleep in the nude, just in case he wants to have sex. I don't turn him down. As usual, I run my fingers lightly over his chest, his arms and work my way down to his waist. Once at his waist, I know if he wants to sleep or to have sex first. Whatever I find, I usually continue to work my fingers around him lightly touching and tickling him. However, if he is naked, I will wiggle down to him and begin sucking his cock.

Last night, I was able to force a bit more of him in my throat without gagging as much. As I said, I am getting better, but still need lots of work...opening my throat is not all that easy. 

While I was working him, I heard him pull open the top drawer. This is where he keeps the dildo and the jar of Vasolin. I thought he was going for the dildo. He has fulfilled the fantasy of being fucked by two cocks for me with the dildo as well as fucking my cunt with himself and the dildo at the same time. Now, I am getting wetter thinking he is going to double fuck me tonight. I continued my mission...trying to open my throat for him to fuck. He was enjoying my mission too. 

When he had enough, he usually grabs my hair and tugs slightly for me to get up. I did not get up, I do so enjoy being a slut for him, covering my face with saliva as I continue working his cock. I don't know about him, but for me, the wetter my mouth gets, and when I pull away leaving a trail of saliva, it's a huge turn on for me. (I know, I am really warped.) He rolled towards the drawer and pushed me on my back. I knew it was time to stop.

As I wiggled back up the bed, he pulled my legs apart. I felt the Vasolin being smeared on my shaved cunt. Next I felt his fingers enter me. This was different this time, I think he used 3 or 4 fingers instead of the usual 2. I let out a gasp. His other arm pressed lightly against my neck and he began nibbling at my nipples. The harder he pushed his fingers in me, the more pressure he would use on my neck and bit harder into my nipple. I was now in a state of extreme fury. He was masterful at working my cunt. He slid down the bed and was between my legs. He was pushing more of his hand inside me. I can't honestly say how much of it, all I knew was the pain of his knuckles against my bone, then I felt myself open and allow his knuckle to pass. I was so gone. The way he can make me feel pain and pleasure at the same time still blows my mind. I knew he must have had his whole hand inside me since I heard him say.

"Oh yeah, that's a good girl, take the whole thing..."

He took his other hand and shoved a finger up my ass. After that, it gets somewhat blurry for me, I was in a massive state of supernatural orgasms. First he was using my body as he wanted, doing what he wanted, the main cord of my fantasies of him. But honestly, I never thought he could ever fit his hand inside of me like that. His hand is huge!! The one thing I can remember from that experience is the feeling I had when I felt my body give him total access to me. The way it felt when his knuckles slipped in. 

Since he was already between my legs, he kept my legs on his shoulders and moved into position to fuck me. Instead of fucking my pussy, he aimed for my ass. As soon as I realized where he planned on fucking me, I began to object. Not only was not I clean for him, but this position was much harder for anal. As I said, he is much larger than the average man, and this allowed way too much access. He was not taking no for an answer. He pushed the head of his cock in my ass. The burn was too much...one of my hands went to his thigh and the other to his chest. I tried to stop him. 

"Please, not this way" I said, "just let me get use to it, don't push anymore..." I begged.

His response was, "It's my ass bitch, take your hands down"

His words sent more gushes to my pussy. I do love it when he takes me...but being somewhat sane, I also know the pain that was to come.

"Put your hands down, I will go slow" he softly said.

I did my best to take my hands down, but it's just a reaction to try and stop him. He did take it slow and I was able to get use to his size. He began slowly fucking my ass. My cunt was pouring. He fucked my ass for a few minutes, then slipped out. When he was pushing back into me, he went into my pussy. My hands went up again to try and stop him It was too late...he began thrusting in my cunt and I was his. I did not care.

He would push deep in me, I would rub my clit and orgasm. I must have been milking his cock with my cunt convulsing because he would push deep in me then hold during my orgasm. I heard him moan and growl softly. 

He came deep inside me, then rolled over and masturbated me into yet another orgasm. I felt the gush of fluid run from my cunt as he removed his fingers. I don't think I have ever actually cum as much as I did last night. Usually, I have to get up and get a towel for the large wet spot on the bed, but last night, I had to get 2 towels. Not only had I soaked my side of the king size bed, but his as well. 

Now, Jimmy and I have been together as a couple for almost a year. I swear I have never wanted to please a man as I want to please him. I want to be able to fulfil his every fantasy. I know this is impossible, but it does not keep me from wanting to.

My fantasies would be of him using me. One time, I remember sucking his cock and he came all over my face. We giggled at how slutty I looked with his cum on my face dripping down. I loved the way he looked at me then. 

Another time while sucking his cock, he grabbed my hair and snapped it back and stroked his cock as I opened my mouth to take his cum. It was an awesome feeling of waiting for his cum to fill my mouth while he held my head in place. When he released me, I swallowed most of his cum, and the rest ran down my chin onto my chest. I rubbed his cock all over my face, smearing his cum on me. 

Jimmy is sometimes hard to read in his reaction. I know this stuff is a huge turn on for me, but am not always sure how he takes it. Lets face it, a woman who enjoys sucking and fucking, I know he enjoys a lot of things I do....he is human after all. But I am not sure as to how much he enjoys me or actually understands how much I want him to use me for his pleasure. I know he is not into the games or role playing thing, but not sure he fully understands its not role playing for me. I really want him.

This could all be due to my hormones as well. It seems before I start my period, is when its worse for me. The closer I get to starting, the hornier I get. I guess I keep quiet because I know he is stressed, works hard and right now, I am not working. All I do it seems lately is sit around thinking of him using me. I know if I were working, I would not be as bad as I am right now...but right now, this is what I have. He is at work now, and I sit here writing this story. The thing that runs through my mind since last night is how my body gave way to him. Oh god, a feeling I cant ever express with words. All I really know is that this man can do whatever he wants to me and I would enjoy it.