 In the last period we made new friends, a married couple of 39/36yo and a younger couple of 21/23yo. By the way we are 44/32yo. We met them at our gym club during a mixed afternoon in the steam room being naked all.

These were the facts.

My girlfriend Sylvia and I have a little pleasure showing her off. She usually goes topless on the beach and sometimes she dares the nude. Having her naked on a beach it's something unbelievable because she is rather shy by nature and always reluctant to get undressed in beginning. But I am able enough at cajoling her kinky side and she does it being also hot and submissive more than shy. A few times she accepted to be topless in the car during a road trip and I would like to see her doing a strip-tease in front of an audience but this is a fantasy for the instant, but last summer, on holidays, she surprized me crossing and uncrossing her legs in a miniskirt drinking a beer at bar without any panties. She winked at me saying, "this is for your eyes only," but I am sure someone else had a view of her lower parts that evening. But the most exciting part of the adult play is the great fun we have planning her exhibition and discussing the events after she had been nude. 

Sylvia is rather fit and frequents assiduously a gym club. I am not so fixated with gym but once a week I follow her especially for sauna. Since last spring our gym club has twice a month a mixed afternoon on Friday and Saturday, sauna and steam room enclosed. In June she went alone in the steam room and remained thirty minutes topless covering her hips only with a towel but showering in the nude and walking the aisle to the locker room also in the nude. Walking the aisle she met a guy we knew and talked briefly with him no clothes. In the narrow space they had an involuntary body contact and his arm pressed her elastic breasts. He apologized but he also smiled coyly at her and winked. The contact was absolutely casual and unplanned but she went wet between her legs with an evident nipples arousal. Coming back home she resumed her day at the gym and we were both very excited at her confession. I loved her being naked in front of this guy and the incident caused nights of great fuck and role playing, so we decided to repeat the experience.

The first time together

Coming back home from holidays the two of us went there together. We reached the steaming room and seated. Due her natural shyness my girlfriend abstained from being totally nude and in a first moment wrapped a towel around her hips again showing only her breasts but I was naked. Two other men, also nude, and a couple were in the room. We had small talks and a younger guy made his entrance in the room with his girlfriend. We talked with them also and they told us to be 21yo and 23yo respectively. They were well built and effectively young. She had small breasts and was totally smooth between her legs with a delicious fanny and prominent vaginal lips. He had swimming trunks but his girlfriend convinced him to leave them off as all the men were naked so he gained confidence and bared himself sporting a reactive penis. We all burst in laughter when the young girl mentioned his boyfriend's perennial status of semi arousal as the effective reason of covering genitalia from him. At a certain moment the other two men - a gay couple - left and we remained in the room with the two straight couples. The man and the woman forming the first couple were married and 39/36yo respectively. She was sexy and rather chubby from a recent birth. Her breasts sag and hang lower but she didn't make a move to hide the hanging. Her nipples were outstanding and her yummy pussy was waxed. She also had a hint of cellulite on buttocks but her face was absolutely beautiful. He was very fit and well endowed. They were married 12 years and had a three children family.

Five minutes before we left, Sylvia shed her towel remaining totally naked like the two other women. The married man and the young boy seemed to be attracted by her dark hairy spot and I felt electric creeps crossing my brain at thinking them both penetrating my girlfriend. We exchanged numbers with the other couples and saying them goodbye we planned a triple date in the sauna the next mixed afternoon.

Later my girlfriend told me that she went excited seeing the young guy in the nude with his very tonic tool getting hard or better to say going unceasingly up and down on the verge of a total erection. I noticed her opening legs to him and she admitted to have done the spread with the intention of teasing.

It was a great afternoon.

Being naked in a sauna is no doubt a singular method to make new friends, but the mutual company in the steam room was agreeable and the three couples of us fixed another date the next mixed afternoon. Never the less Jill, the 36yo lady, speeded the way up and last week called my girlfriend to invite us at a pizza with the younger couple. My girlfriend accepted and we went. Friendship is odd alchemy. Sylvia usually asks me before to accept an invitation but this time she didn't.

The time before the date at pizza restaurant was funny. Sylvia is an hilarious type and for a tease she told me that for the first time she was going to restaurant with two men who have had seen her pussy without having sex and added that probably I was happy to go because I had an interest in Heather, the 23yo girl. "I noticed your behaviour in the steam room," she commented, "Heather is a little jewel of a girl and you gazed only at her reserving the poor Jill and me not even a single sight," she winked at me, "but I can't blame you, honey, because I also lost my eyes in his boyfriend's groin. He has a very nice willy," she giggled ending her comment.

The evening at Pizza restaurant.

We had a great time with our new friends. Jill assumed the leader role and she was perfect with great speech and fondness. In other terms we had a great time with that hint of flirt to spice the supper. Jill and my girlfriend pampered Michael, the 21yo young boy, having him seat between them, while Heather seated between me and Josh, Jill's 39yo husband. We talked a lot about many things and jested. Heather was a literature graduate and Michael was very keen at sport, Jill and Josh ran a store together with a very good income. 

When the frame on minds reached a warm level and everyone was comfortable, furthermore, Jill broached the steam room matter asking the other women who had the idea inside the three pairs of us to join the mixed afternoon and getting naked. On her part she admitted to feel a bit over the hill after the third delivery and wanted to try something different like the adrenaline of being nude in public. Josh, her husband, was supporting and encouraging. My girlfriend confessed her inclination to exhibitionism at grounds of her visits at mixed afternoon and her fight against a natural shyness. She also mentioned the time she went alone months ago and my tendency for watching. Heather said they joined because Michael had a minor experience and his handsome body deserved an audience. "You reached your goal, Baby," addressed Jill to her, "with my eyes I devoured his body especially in the lower departments and I am sure Sylvia also did ("I am guilty" my girlfriend chimed in giggling) but also YOUR body stirred these two older lecherous voyeurs," she added receiving an enthusiastic consent from Josh and me. Jill seemed also very curious about our sexual life asking Sylvia if I had shared her with other men, but, no, we hadn't dared that much. We ate dessert and the evening ended in great empathy.

Next Friday is mixed afternoon at gym club again.

The second date at mixed sauna was maybe less exciting than the first. The six of us went together inside the steam room that at the moment was empty. Sylvia caused Michael an instant erection unwrapping her towel just in front of him. She also had the nerves to act casual and saying "ops! I can't imagine this had an effect on you, Dear," she passed him her towel so that he had a screen to hide his hard on. Heather shook her head like amused and Jill once again seemed fashioned by Michael's manhood. Josh monitored the entrance and I watched the scene. Jill and Sylvia made Michael seat between them on a bench but every intention on the risqué side, if it had been up to anybody, was frustrated by a continuous popping in and out the steam room from other people. Evidently word went out about the mixed afternoon and the gym club was now full of people. We decided to left the gym and Jill proposed to end the afternoon by them as their children were out with the babysitter. 

By Jill we discussed the afternoon and everyone felt a bit frustrated. For a sort of silent agreement the six of us hoped the play of watching and being watched had a development, but in a concurring opinion the mixed sauna experience was near to end for us because our group was maybe a bit too large for the place. One thing is going there alone or in couple and have a pleasure at being naked in front of others or watching others in the nude but the six of us together lacked there that bit of intimacy to have the play in progress.

Jill's proposal 

At a certain moment Jill, maybe the most interested at a progression of the play, proposed a new intriguing experience between us but not at the gym. Brilliant idea. Josh and I offered to book a king size suite in a hotel and pay for Heather and Michael in the case those two younger people in the group lacked the money. "We really don't matter to book a hotel room," said Jill, "we have tomorrow the right place being here, as children will be with their grandma! But I have a different idea than being naked together. Listen to me!"

She proposed to draw between us mingling the pairs. The new couple was allowed to lock themselves in a room and do everything pleasurable, sex enclosed at their choice, in two hours," Jill continued, "at the end everyone have to write on a paper an explicit confession in thirty words maximum without a signature to maintain anonymity. The six of us then will read our confessions together and guess what happened in the reality. "it could be promiscuous but I'm sure it could be also strongly erotic," ended Jill inviting everyone to say his own opinion.

I broke the ice saying that Jill's proposal was spicy and I loved to try a sort blind date with one of those beautiful women such as Jill or Heather. Sylvia was also intrigued to lock herself in a room with a different man from me. Michael seemed a bit uncertain but Heather reassured his boyfriend saying she gladly will be loaning him to Jill or Sylvia for an afternoon and Josh was supporting his wife as usual.

We made the date tomorrow at 4pm and left all.

The blind date by Jill

Coming back home Sylvia paraded stark naked in front of me and her beauty hit me once again. Sylvia is really a wonderful woman. She smiled and started to undress me. I know her and she could be a great flirt and a tease. In a while she had me naked and excited. "Mmm... something say to me you are turned on, Dear. Are you thinking at your date, maybe? Jill or Heather are both very lucky having you tomorrow, and you make nothing to hide your satisfaction," she smiled, "but I also will be in a room (her tone was absolutely allusive) with SOMEONE ELSE than you, but don't ask my intention even if you are curious." 

She knelt and engulfed my cock starting a suction being great at it as usual. We ended the evening on the sofa fucking our brains out with a role-play about Josh or Michael having her. Sylvia was very vocal at it and many times she said "o fuck, fuck me like a slut," with a unheard of intensity.

Saturday morning was quiet but we were both nervous. I watched her walking naked in the lounge and asked her to go in the garden for a walk in the buff. This is a play we indulge frequently consenting our older neighbour a clear view of her beauty. Being warm she agreed and descended the deck with an amazing bounce of her buttocks. As she walked the garden and teased I thought for a moment sod off the date and have Sylvia for myself only that evening. When she re-entered inside I wanted to fuck her there and then but I received a no-no. "I prefer to preserve myself for the afternoon," she giggled. We tongued for a while then she said to be in a hurry and went to hairdresser. Coming back home she had a bath and made her beautiful face up. At 3.30 pm we left home and arrived dead in time by Jill. 

Jill was really very sexy and Josh was agreeable as usual. She had a light robe on and her beautiful mom body, evidently nude, glimpsed backlight. In ten minutes also Heather and Michael came in. The girl was no less than wonderful. 

We seated in the lounge and Jill verified the total acceptance from everyone once again pointing out all was admitted in the locked rooms even the plays of a sexual nature on the very risqué side. No one from us chickened back and Jill said finally "Ok! Let's go to draw then!" 

She shred a paper making three pieces and wrote her husband's name on a piece and Michael's on the other piece avoiding my name with the intention to invite Sylvia to pick the first. She folded the pieces and put them in an empty glass and shook, then Sylvia picked a piece and nodded at reading the name. Josh was her man. "You lucky sod, Josh," commented Jill giggling, "Sylvia is a sex bomb! I hope you will be satisfied passing two hours with my husband, girl!" she added and Sylvia answered, "I'm sure!"

Jill then wrote my name on the last piece and invited Heather to pick. Heather was good enough at play making a feverish delay picking her piece in a couple minutes. At end she picked my name and I exulted being her really a savoured dish. But Jill exulted even more than me as the chance reserved Michael for her Michael and she dreamed to be alone with him since she saw him in the nude for the first time.

Heather

So the great moment came. Sylvia and Josh went in the guest room, I went with Heater in the boudoir upstairs, and Jill and Michael locked themselves in the main bedroom. 

I considered myself lucky to have such a girl as Heather for two hours, but also thought at Sylvia with a hint of jealousy. 

"Are you happy, man?" Asked Heather as soon as I locked the boudoir door behind us. "Of course I am, Heather," I said. I approached her ear and whispered, "you are so beautiful." 

She smiled and murmured "thanks" and slowly offered me lips starting off a seductive play. We kissed for a few seconds and tongued while standing but she broke the kiss and recomposed herself inviting me to seat with her on a small white sofa. She took my hand in her hand and posed it on her legs. We talked friendly and joked a bit trying to imagine what our respective halves were making in that moment while I caressed her legs pulling her miniskirt higher with no opposition. She had semi sheer pink panties on. 

"Did you prefer your beautiful Sylvia dating Michael or Josh before the raffle?" she asked cheekily winking at me. 

"I don't know but we made love strongly yesterday role playing with Josh and Michael taking turns at fucking her," I giggled, "she was elusive about her major wish I'm sure that Jill and Sylvia both are in love with Michael's cock," I answered. 

"O still! Michael was frenzy today at the idea of dating a woman much older than him! I am so curious." she giggled "but I'm sure Jill makes the dead this afternoon!". 

We kissed again and she stood starting to undress. 

"Are you in love with Sylvia?" she asked me while I admired her beautiful body covered only by lingerie. 

"Yes, I am deeply in love with her."

"I would have guessed, she is so beautiful and sexy. But why have you accepted Jill's idea?" she continued. 

"Because soul is silent," I answered, "Sylvia and I we both love eroticism and adult couple play."

"Are you happy at thinking at her making it with Josh?"

"It's a possibility, a part of the play," I answered.

"You seem also a bit jealous," she said.

"Maybe. And you?" 

"What do you think of my breasts?" she asked leaving her bra off.

"They are delicious," I answered watching her perfect A cups and perky nipples.

"Now they are a little bigger, but two years ago I was totally flat and didn't need a bra," she giggled, "mom told me she was the same."

"Do you resemble your mom?"

"We look alike, two peas in a pod. She is only a bit heavier at 47 and a C cups now."

"Mmmm... interesting," I giggled.

"Shhh, shut up. All my boyfriends had fallen in love with her, ah," she giggled, "What do you think of my snatch, Knight at arms?" she asked standing totally naked in front of me. Her pussy was really yummy, pink and inviting, with low hanging vaginal lips. 

I also recognized in her speech a quotation from Keats and answered "A fragrant zone," quoting the same poem from my side. 

"You know Keats, man," she said approaching me. I kept myself silent and started to eat her pussy cupping her ass cheeks. She moaned and invited me to get undressed with her. When I was naked Heather stretched on the sofa and we made love. Fifteen minutes later we started to pose each other silly questions like people frequently do being together for the first time. At a certain moment I asked her if she had been with a woman ever. 

"Apart some watching and touching with my cousin in our early teens I did with a girlfriend at 18yo and with another girlfriend at college two years ago," she said. 

"Have you done it for a long time with her?" I asked again catching something in her speech. 

"A few months. She touched me very good and I am a clitty girl. She also ate me good. I hadn't a boyfriend by the way," she explicated. 

"Have you eaten her also?" I asked again. 

"Of course I have," she admitted and continued, "has Sylvia gone with girls too?"

"Yes, she played with a girlfriend years ago that I know. It was before we met."

"She is one of the most beautiful women I ever saw," said Heather again, "be proud of her, Handsome Knight," she sentenced caressing my genitalia and squeezing my cock. I nodded enjoying her action. She giggled watching at my cock becoming hard. When I was totally erect she said, "let me have a good ride now, handsome Knight," and she impaled herself on my penis. 

The confessions

At 6.30am we got dressed again and went down stairs. Sylvia and Josh were already there sitting on the sofa. We smiled reciprocally and made pleasantries acting like we haven't seen in forever. That was odd maybe but it was exactly like that. I thought post coitum animal triste (everyone is sad after making love) and looked at Sylvia. She was relaxed and sexy to die and once again I felt deeply in love with her. But also a bit strange. Many times we both had fantasies about her being fucked by another man but at that precise moment after she had been locked two hours in a room with Josh I felt jealousy.

Josh remembered Heather and me to put our confession in an empty flower-pot as he and Sylvia already did.

Unseen by others I wrote on a paper my confession as Heather also wrote hers and we put them in the flower-pot.

In fifteen minutes arrived also Michael and Jill. A long time really but they had already written their confession and we joked about their time in the bedroom had been romance.

As Josh mixed cocktails everyone was curious to know the confessions and as soon as he served cocktails Jill started to read confessions picking them from the flower-pot.

First confessions she picked is the following: "I had been very lucky twice but soul is silent." 

Second confession: "I heard that mature people are hot. And it's true. But I cannot imagine how hot."

Third confession: "A woman and a man being alone In a locked room it's an odd alchemy. I have a close friend more now."

Fourth confession: "I decided to give myself all the way only for a mutual consent and my ego fled really high."
