 It was Kates first day at the most successful law firm in town. She worked hard to be successful in this field and she had finally made it. She was obedient as she did everything expected of her, but she had a fire inside of her that needed to be fed, she didn't take no for an answer. The most successful lawyer in the firm was Mr.. Westbrook. He was attractive and powerful. Mr.. Westbrook stayed in his office most of the day, but he would occasionally walk past Kates desk and his scent was amazing, it made her throb. 

Kate finally started getting the hang of the office and he asked Kate out for dinner. "Your new here I could show you the ropes and get to know you." Kate agreed to dinner, and Mr.. Westbrook looked at her, smiled and nodded. He tightened his tie around his neck and ran his fingers through his dark hair that was neatly shaven around his neck.

Kate walked into the dimly lit restaurant wearing a little black dress, her eyes met Mr.. Westbrook's. She made her way to the tiny table in the corner of the bistro. She sat down. Mr.. Westbrook looked her over, her flawless skin was like porcelain, her collar bones were beautiful in the candle light. She had perfectly shaped, full tits that the black dress covered just enough, yet teasing at the same time. They laughed and flirted. The whole night her leg had been resting on the inside of his thigh. His fingers traced the hem of her tight dress. Goosebumps raised on her skin with sensitivity and desire. "Do you want to head back to my place? I have some wine that is to die for." He smiled ask he asked her this. His teeth were white and his jaw line was hard, five o'clock shadow was making its appearance. Kate took a breath, leaned forward slightly, "Yes, I would like that."

They pulled into Mr.. Westbrook's drive way and they walked up the sidewalk. Mr.. Westbrook walked behind Kate. Her figure was flawless, her hips and waistline were graspable, her dress just barely covered her perfect curves, her hair laid on her back in soft dark curls. She turned to look back at him. Her thighs were wet and throbbing with a need. A need that she wanted him to fill.

She entered and he closed the door behind them. The house was dark and large, she could make out paintings on the wall. Mr.. Westbrook grabbed some wine glasses and the bottle of wine. They sat at the bar in his dimly lit kitchen they drank and talked, sexual tension grew.

He leaned in and kissed her lips, so supple, there was a faint taste of red wine on his lips. The kisses intensified with more passion behind each one as they both became more comfortable with each others lips. Mr.. Westbrook stood up from the bar stool, still kissing Kate. His tongue twirled lightly around hers. He took his tie off and laid it on the counter. He grabbed Kate under her thighs and sat her on the bar counter. Her perfect tits were eye level to him. He looked at her, desire in her eyes. 

He traced the neckline of her dress with his index finger, lightly. He removed one strap, he slid it down her shoulder. Then the other, he gently pulled down the top of her dress down revealing a black lace bra that cupped her tits perfectly. He kissed her chest slowly. She threw her head back with pleasure, she was shaking. She unhooked her bra and dropped it to the floor. Her tits were full, round and the perfect firmness. He kissed her breasts and put her nipple in his mouth. He teased it and tickled it. There was a storm brewing in her pussy, it was throbbing and soaking.

He pushed the bottom of her tight dress up around her waist. Her black lace panties framed her perfect hips. He was too eager and pulled them down. She had a strip of pubic hair and the rest of her hidden area was smooth and shaven. She sat with her bare body on the bar counter. She unbuttoned his shirt. Starting at his neck all the way down to his waist with each button she grew more and more impatient. She threw his shirt on the chair and removed his undershirt. His toned upper body made her squirm. 

She grabbed his belt quickly to undo his pants, she was hungry for his cock. He was so hard that his khakis were tightening forming a bulge at the front of his pants. She unzipped and pulled his pants to down. They laid at his ankles revealing his thick long dick. She gasped. She had never been with a man so well endowed. He stood there shirtless and fully erect. He smiled and grabbed her legs.

He spread them wide and buried his face in her pussy. His tongue tracing the outer lips of her smooth cunt. He flicked her clit with his tongue, he sucked on it, slowly pulling it into his mouth. She moaned softly, it made his cock harder. She grabbed the back of his head and pushed it harder into her wetness. He grunted with pleasure. He lifted his head and put two fingers into her perfect wet flower. It was so tight, he grew more and more eager to wet his cock in her pussy. 

She hopped down from the counter. Kissing his chest down to his stomach and his waist. Finally she grabbed his package with both hands and put the tip of his dick in her mouth. He moaned and grabbed onto the bar. Kate slowly worked her way down his shaft. She could only get half of it in her mouth, it was so thick. Mr.. Westbrook grabbed a fistful of her hair and slowly began pumping in and out of her mouth. There was drool dripping down her chin into her tits. He began picking up speed, Kate moaned and grabbed his hips. He stopped before cumming. 

Mr.. Westbrook picked her up and put her on the dinner table behind them he removed her dress from her waist, she was completely naked and ready. Kate laid on her back, her ass on the edge of the table. It was the perfect height for him to enter her. She was spread open wide and ready to receive him. She squirmed and shook with readiness. He grabbed the tie that he placed on the counter, he tickled her stomach with the black tie. Moved the tie around her inner thighs and lightly over her pussy. She couldn't take it. "I need it, god give it to me." He smiled, realizing his was in control.

His thickness softly pushed against her pussy. She arched her back in an attempt to get closer to him. Still running the tie over her bare body he pushed his thick cock in her. She gasped and he thrusted all the way into her, there was a rage inside of him that she couldn't wait for him to take out on her. He held it there inside of her, as if for her to get used to the fullness she was experiencing. She let out a breath and he began moving in and out. He leaned over her, grabbed her arms and held them above her head. Thrusting in and out of her, she was wet and looking for release. He grabbed her breast and penetrated her hard.

Kate was moaning in pleasure, Mr.. Westbrook breathed hard and sharp, his breath was warm on her neck. He pulled out of her and sat down on the tile floor. Kate straddled him and he helped guide his cock into her pussy. She eased down on him, his girth was almost too much. He grew impatient and grabbed her hips to push her down on his cock. She shrieked with pleasure. Her tits were bouncing up and down he buried his face in them as she grinded on his thickness. "im so close." She moaned and tensed up. 

She orgasmed, hard. He pulled her down on him, pushed his dick deep in her pussy. He felt her throbbing and convulsing with pleasure. He turned her over so she was on all fours, he grabbed her hips and buried his smooth cock into her. Her back was arched and open, ready, and willing to please. He slammed her hard and emptied himself inside of her. As he reached his climax, Kate grabbed his balls and gently held them while he came. 

They both laid there catching their breath.