 Edited By pilyongpilay

Hello All,

I am Maximillian Excaliber and before the story I would like to tell you the importance of leaving feedback.

As a writer, it is important to know how well or not well received a work is by received the target audience. Unlike movie and TV studios, we can not rely on focus groups to tell us how our work is being accepted.

On this site, the mechanisms some of us writers rely upon, especially the new ones like myself, are feedback and ratings.

A given work may have been read by 8000 people in three days, but if only 10 or 20 people take the time to rate it and only 2 to leave feedback it is impossible for us and you to tell how popular the story actually is and it is difficult for us, as writers, to know what may need improvement.

While feedback is important to improvement, ratings are the best gauge of how popular a story is but they are only reliable if enough people do so.

For those of you who don't know, a "Hot" story is one that has an average of 4.5 after 10 or more votes. They will have a little red "H" beside their names in the lists displays but some of the best stories have poor ratings because only a few people have taken the time to rate them while literally thousands have actually read them. And so, unless you stumble across them by accident, you may never know about them.

Feedback can always be left anonymously and ratings are always anonymous so please, even if you do not wish to leave feedback, take the time to rate the story.

Thank you for taking the time to read this and Happy Reading,

One final note, this story was edited by pilyongpilay. Many thanks to him for doing so. Unfortunately, I have not been able to contact him and I fear he may have fallen ill. As a result, I find myself once more looking for an editor. If you are an editor and which to help, please let me know. If not, please try to be understanding of the situation and keep in mind I am still looking when providing feedback.

Thanks

Maximillian Excaliber

And now for the story... 

***

The Great Warehouse Robbery

Eric pulled back a couple of inches; but all that did was rub the base of his cock right onto Sharon's inflamed clit. The contact caused her to jerk her pussy suddenly upward as a jolt of pleasure was sent through her body. Involuntarily, she grasped him tightly in her arms. This simply caused the 'Wonderful Rabbit' that was around the base of Eric's penis to become lodged in the mouth of Sharon's pussy.

Chapter One - "The Night Shift"

Having been built just last year, the warehouse was a relatively new building. It was owned by Charles Johnston and was being used as a shipping and receiving point for his wholesale business. The building contained a vast assortment of items that varied in both size and purpose. There were things as large as a refrigerator to as small as watch batteries; and items as mainstream as baby blankets to as kinky as anal beads.

The night shift, consisting of Eric Rogers and Sharon Taylor, was responsible for processing both the late incoming shipments and unfinished outgoing orders for the next day. Eric, having worked there the longest, was the shift supervisor, and as Sharon was a good worker, they worked well together as a team. Eric never had to do any supervising but sure did enjoy the extra pay for the title.

Mr. Johnston had called Eric in two hours early that day to meet the new employee that was to be helping him. 

As working in a warehouse usually entails some heavy lifting, he was surprised to find the new employee was going to be a woman.

But Eric soon realized that Sharon was most definitely no ordinary woman. 

At six foot two inches tall, the thirty-four year old, full-figured woman reminded Eric of a mythical Amazon Princess come to life. She had wavy brunette hair that flowed down just past the bottom of her firm 38C breasts, brown eyes, long pleasingly muscular legs, a deeply rich, fully tanned body and wide 'child bearing' hips. She had a well-toned body that would have intimidated most men; however, for some reason it did not have that effect on Eric and he found he was instantly attracted to her.

After Mr. Johnston had finished the introductions and explained to Eric that he would be working with Sharon beginning that night, he told Sharon that she was excused to go home and change for work. She was told there was no dress code to restrict her and she could wear whatever clothes she wished.

The first night she showed up dressed in very tight, but stretchy jeans, and a white V-necked blouse that had no sleeves. Beneath the blouse she wore a blue sports bra and on her feet she wore a pair of light brown leather steel toed boots. She looked like her clothing was painted on and Eric's jaw almost dropped off his face when he saw her.

Despite his attraction to Sharon, Eric was concerned that she might have an ulterior motive for dressing the way she did and tried to keep a professional demeanor when at work. 

His apprehensions did not ease because each night after that, she showed up for work more provocatively dressed than she had the night before. He couldn't make up his mind if she just liked to dress that way, was sending him signals or setting him up. He decided to play it safe and keep things strictly professional between them. 

What Eric did not know was that Sharon found his 5 foot 9 inch muscular frame very sexy and had instantly fallen for him. She loved the thirty-six year old man's brown eyes, long lashes, short brown hair, muscular hairy legs and arms, and mustache. 

Each night they worked together, she was becoming more frustrated at his failure to pick up the signals she was sending him. She had asked about him and knew he wasn't married, dating, or gay. "Is he just that dense?'" she pondered to herself, "Or is he just not interested? All he ever seems to think about is work! What do I have to do to get his attention, come in dressed only in a cardboard box?"

After months of not getting anywhere with him, she was so annoyed that she was about to give up on him. She decided to make one last attempt to get his attention. She made up her mind that if he did not get it this time, he never would.

Chapter Two - "The Night Delivery"

It was about two o'clock in the morning and, being unseasonably hot for early fall, quite warm outside. The building's air conditioner, while noisy as hell, was doing a good job of keeping the large warehouse quite comfortable.

"The enticing wench has really outdone herself this time!" Eric thought to himself as he began to lift, finding it hard to keep his mind from thinking about the pornographic way Sharon was displaying her body tonight. 

Sharon had decided to show up for work wearing tiny, tight cut-off blue jean shorts and a sheer white, almost see-through, halter-top. Both were so tight he could see very distinctly not only every little curvy detail of her gorgeous body, including the reddish-brown of both her nipples behind the material of the halter top, but also a very distinctive 'camel toe'. It was all too much for him and he had finally decided to take the risk and ask her out.

They had just set down the crate they were carrying and just when he was about to ask her out, the sound of a truck pulling up came from the direction of the loading dock.

"Are we expecting any deliveries?" Sharon asked as she looked towards the dock.

Knowing the week's schedule by heart, Eric replied, "Nope! Nothing is on the schedule. I'll go check it out." And started towards the loading dock.

"Hold up! I'll come with you just in case something actually does need unloading," said Sharon as she began following him.

When he reached the dock, Eric walked over and hit the button on the wall opening the door. Sharon caught up with him and was standing in front of the door just as it began to rise. As it rose, they began to see two people clothed in matching overalls standing in the center of the doorway facing away from them. 

The two strangers were in front a truck that was up on the loading dock. Eric and Sharon could tell from the hair and shapes of each of the strangers that one was a man and the other a woman.

Once the door was completely raised, the strangers turned around to reveal two unique and startling things. The first was that both were wearing cheap plastic Lone Ranger masks and the second was that they were each holding pistols and had the weapons aimed directly at Eric and Sharon.

Chapter Three - "Looking For The Loot"

The female robber was a buxom full figured brunet, about five foot eight inches tall and had long wavy hair that came down about six inches past her shoulders. What could be seen of her face indicated that there was quite a beautiful woman behind the mask.

The male robber was about six feet tall, had curly jet black hair and the beefy muscular body somewhat like that of a professional football player. He seemed to be wearing a not very convincing fake black beard and mustache. Both robbers were dressed in identical gray jumpsuits.

When the male robber saw the way Sharon was dressed, he whistled and said to her, "Nice outfit, Babe!"

"Keep your mind on the job, Mr. Black!" the female robber said to him.

"Hey, if she's going to put the goods on the window, I'm going to look!" he responded. 

This only got him an evil look back from his companion before she said to Eric in a very sultry voice, "She must be really hot for you, Honey, to advertise like that. Hope you've been enjoying it!"

Eric and Sharon stood there stunned as the female stranger spoke again, "By the way, I'm Ms. White and this is Mr. Black. We're here to rob you! If you both cooperate, and do exactly what we say, you won't be harmed. Understand?"

They both nodded affirmatively.

"Good!" said the sultry voiced robber.

"Now, show us where you're keeping the stuff from the museum job," she said to them.

Confused, Eric said nervously to the voluptuous villain, "What are you talking about?"

"The stuff from the museum robbery! The stolen artwork! Don't play dumb with us; we know your boss is storing it here until he can fence it!" She replied to him.

Eric looked over at Sharon and said to her, "Do you know anything about this?"

"Don't ask me!" Sharon said and then added, "You've worked here longer than I have."

Still looking at Sharon, Eric said earnestly, "Hell, I have no idea what she's talking about."

Then he turned to the female bandit and said, "You sure you got the right warehouse, lady?"

"You work for Johnston don't you?" the female robber questioned.

Eric answered her, "Yes."

"Yup, we've got the right place," she told him.

The female bandit just stood there for a moment, obviously considering what she had heard.

Finally, she said, "Well, you're both either good actors and loyal to your boss or you just don't know anything about his sideline." Then she added, "Since I'm pretty sure that you girlfriend here's acting ability is limited to faking an orgasm, I'm inclined to believe you, which complicates things a bit. Now we have to locate items you didn't even know were here!"

Angry at what the robber said about her, Sharon said without even thinking, "I don't have to fake them, woman!"

Everyone looked at Sharon in surprise for several seconds.

The masked female broke the silence by saying, "Okay, I think I have an idea. Do you keep an inventory of everything here on a computer?"

"Yes," responded Eric.

Pleased, the buxom bandit said to him, "Good! Take me to it. And you come along too Princess!"

At that, with Eric leading the way, the group headed to the desk where the computer containing the inventory database was located. Once there, the sultry bandit said to Eric, "Show me everything that you have that arrived in the past two days."

Eric did as he was told and brought up the list on the computer.

Ms. White examined the list and said, "Can you sort the list by the size of the items from large to small?"

Eric punched a few keys on the keyboard and the list was sorted as she had requested.

"What are these four items here?" Ms. White asked after she had examined the list once again.

Looking at the entries, Eric said, "I don't know. There's no description and I didn't put them there."

"Take me to them! You stay here Princess, we'll be right back," Ms. White said to them.

Eric took her to where the items were located. There they found four large sealed crates. The only markings on the crate were the letters 'SA'. It didn't take a genius to figure out that 'SA' stood for stolen art.

As she stepped back a few feet from Eric, Ms. White motioned to a pry bar laying on one of the shelves and said, "Open one, and don't make any sudden moves either. This gun has a hair trigger."

Using the pry bar, he opened the case. Sure enough, there inside were about five very old looking paintings. Eric looked at them for a moment and noticed that they each depicted very erotic scenes of people engaged in various sexual acts.

"Okay, that's them. You can drop that now and start back to your girlfriend," Ms. White said to him, seemingly relieved that they had found the artwork.

He headed quietly back to the desk with Ms. White trailing not far behind. 

When they got there, she broke the silence and said to her companion, "Found them!" 

Then she said to Eric and Sharon, "We are going to need time to sort those out and we can't worry about the two of you while we work. We're going to leave you here handcuffed to each other until we finish. But, I want to make sure you are not in too big of a hurry to escape. So, take off your clothes. Both of you!"

Chapter Four - "Show Me Some Skin"

"What?" came the shocked voices of Eric and Sharon in unison.

Ms. White looked at them sternly and replied, "I said, Strip! Show me some skin! Get naked! Nude! Raw! Let's see your birthday suit! Got it? Or does Mr. Black have to help you?" Then, Ms. White added a few seconds later, "If it will make you feel better, you don't have to take everything off, you can leave on your socks." 

Hearing that, Mr. Black chuckled.

The two captives were by no means in a hurry to expose themselves and began very slowly removing their boots. They were soon prompted by Ms. White's impatient voice saying, "Hurry up! We haven't got all night!" 

Not happy with the slow progress they were making, she reached over and untied Sharon's halter-top, revealing her ample cleavage and most of her bosom. When she did, Sharon became immediately enraged and yelled at the woman, "Keep your hands off me, you fucking BITCH!" Then added, "Put down that gun for a second and I'll kick your fat ass for you!"

At that, the mostly silent Mr. Black shocked everyone by saying, "OOPS, you shouldn't have said that, Honey!"

Ms. White looked at Mr. Black and then looked Sharon straight in the eyes and said, "You know, I was perfectly willing to leave the two of you sitting here handcuffed to each other until you said that." She turned to Mr. Black and said, "Get their butts naked! I've got some shopping to do!" Then, the angry villain turned her back and walked away from the group.

Motioning menacingly with his pistol, Mr. Black said to Eric and Sharon, "You heard her, lose the clothes."

As he removed his T-shirt, Eric looked over at Sharon to see her reaction. But, Sharon had apparently resigned herself to the futility of arguing and had already removed her all too tight shorts revealing the pair of sheer nude panties she was wearing beneath them. 

While he was taking off his jeans, Sharon took off her halter-top and let it fall to the floor fully exposing her ample bosom. Both being now dressed only in underpants, Eric and Sharon looked down at the floor and just stood there hesitantly.

The voice of Mr. Black saying, "If I were you, I would be done before she gets back." brought them back to reality. They reluctantly removed their last pieces of clothing and, except for their socks, stood there nude. 

Eric's eyes feasted upon Sharon as she stood there gloriously like an Amazon princess with her long wavy brunette hair now resting upon the tips of her breasts. He couldn't help but notice that she had a very sexy, trimmed bush. 

She too was surveying his body and was equally impressed by the large, muscular hairy legs, large chest and thick six-inch penis that his clothes had been concealing all these months. It was then that their eyes met for the first time since their ordeal had begun.

Meanwhile, as Eric and Sharon were undressing, Ms. White was walking around the warehouse examining the shelves, stopping only to remove items and place them into an empty box she had picked up from the floor. 

Finally, just as her captives had finished removing their underwear, Ms. White returned to the shipping desk, where she stood with her back to them so that they could not see what she was doing. As she emptied the contents of the box onto the desk, the items fell upon the table. There was a package labeled 'Wonderful Rabbit', two 'AA' batteries, a bottle of 'Tingling Personal Lubricant', a roll of packing tape and a package of bungee cords.

Ms. White surveyed the items and then opened the package marked 'Wonderful Rabbit', removed its contents and placed it upon the desk. Next, she opened the package of 'AA' batteries and placed two of the batteries into the 'Wonderful Rabbit'. She then rotated each of the dials on the remote control causing the two vibrators to hum and vibrate at varying speeds. She turned her head towards Eric and Sharon just a second to show them the wicked smile on her face. 

After tearing a piece of the cardboard package into a 1 inch by 6 inch strip, she removed the batteries from the remote control and placed one end of the strip of cardboard in the remote control's battery compartment. Then she turned both dials on the remote to the highest setting. 

After that, she replaced the batteries, leaving the strip hanging from the battery compartment, tore off a piece of packing tape and placed it over the battery compartment so as to secure the batteries in place but not cover the piece of cardboard. Ms. White placed the 'Wonderful Rabbit', bottle of 'Tingling Personal Lubricant', and packing tape back into the box and headed towards Eric and Sharon.

"Bed time boys and girls. Let's all head toward the mattresses," Ms. White said to them whimsically.

Off they all proceeded to the mattress section of the warehouse, Mr. Black and his pistol, Ms. White and her box of toys, Eric and Sharon both totally nude except for their socks and a look of concern on their faces for what might be awaiting them.

When they arrived at the mattress section, Ms. White spoke again, "Okay, Honey, take down four of the softest King Size mattresses you have here, stack them up in the center of the isle and be quick about it!"

Chapter Five -- "Going To The Mattresses"

After Eric had stacked up the mattresses as instructed, Ms. White took one of the bungee cords from the box and laid it across the mattress. Then she turned to Sharon and said, "Lie down on your back in the center of the bed."

Sharon looked at her in panic and said, "You aren't going to make us have sex are you?"

"I would never do that to another woman! But it's obvious this job has made you way too macho. You definitely need to be reminded what if feels like to be a woman. So once again, lie down!" Ms. White said in reassurance.

Reluctantly, Sharon did as she was told. She sank deeply into the soft bundle of mattresses as she lay down upon them.

Setting the box she had been holding down onto the floor, Ms. White removed a pair of handcuffs from a pocket in her overalls, bent down and locked one end of the handcuffs around Sharon's right wrist. Then, she took another pair from her pocket and locked one end of that pair around Eric's right wrist.
