 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



I was pretty certain that Cherie would remember me; after all, I'd worked with her husband for a few years and we'd seen each other at all of the company functions during that time. What I wasn't sure of was whether she'd want to talk to me given that the company had let Myron go about six months or so prior. I was pleased that she seemed genuinely happy to see me. I'd heard that Myron had found another job pretty quickly, so I asked her about that and she filled me in on the details.

"My only complaint," she claimed, "is that he's traveling even more now than he was with you guys. I mean, the additional money is some compensation, but let's just say that things are getting neglected at home...and I'm not talking about his 'honey-do' list."

I'd always thought that Cherie was attractive, even though she was older than me by maybe five or ten years. She was quite thin, which made me wonder if she'd been a dancer as both of their adolescent daughters were. She also wore her brown hair short and really didn't have much in the way of boobs, though her ass more than made up for that. I didn't think she knew me well enough that she'd be propositioning me, but the look in her eyes and the way she moved closer to me said otherwise.

"If there's anything I can do..." I started, but she cut me off immediately.

"I'm glad you're offering," she interjected, "because Myron's out of town, I know how short the walk between your office and my house is and my girls are gone three afternoons a week at lunchtime...including tomorrow."

I think our exchange still looked innocent enough to anyone who was witnessing it from outside of earshot, but I was afraid that my khakis would be tenting out if it went on much longer and I wasn't careful. We agreed on a time for me to come over and she called me the next day at the office to confirm that I would still be there. I had been looking forward to it all night, so there was no way I was going to miss out. I headed the few blocks over to her place with a spring in my step, feeling good that I was going to see her naked and, presumably, fuck her as well. She didn't let me down; when she opened the front door for me, she stayed behind it until I was inside, then showed me the teddy that she was wearing. My eyes were drawn immediately to her hard nipples pushing out the front but when she gave me a quick spin once she'd closed the door, I discovered that it was a thong in back.

I took her in my arms and immediately pressed my lips against hers, my hands going to her bare ass cheeks. We started to make out, her arms going around my neck, and I ended up lifting her and carrying her toward the steps, which were just inside the front door. We never made it all the way up, as I ended up setting her down part way up and leaning her back while my hands went to her hard nipples. I fondled them through the thin material of the teddy before starting to kiss my way down her neck and across her chest. I flicked her hard nipples with my tongue through the teddy before sliding the shoulder straps down, exposing her small tits. Her areolas were small and dark pink but seemed to be somewhat erect along with her thick nipples. I ran my tongue over them and sucked them between my lips while Cherie moaned and held onto my head.

I was supporting myself on one arm, but slipped my free hand down between us to massage her pussy. The material between her legs was damp to the touch so I knew that she was really on fire. I pulled the crotch aside and caressed her pussy, sliding a couple of fingers in and out of her and gently massaging her clit. Her moaning got louder as I stimulated her pussy while still licking and sucking her nipples, but I wanted to taste those abundant juices she was producing, so I moved down the stairs until my head was between her thin thighs. Her pussy was surrounded by a trim, dark brown bush that was completely matted by the moisture that was flowing. I kissed her smooth inner thighs, sending a shiver through her, before running my tongue up her dripping slit and tasting her nectar.

She was holding my head as I lapped at her pussy and, glancing up, I could see that her eyes were closed but her mouth was hanging open, letting her moans escape. As I started to lick and suck her clit, causing even louder moaning, I slipped first one, then a second finger inside her slick, hot pussy. She was writhing on the stairs and humping my face as I pumped my fingers in and out of her while continuing to work on her clit with my lips and tongue. My cock was rock hard as I thought about slipping into her hot, wet pussy, but I wanted to get her to cum first in the event that it felt so damn good that I came in just a few seconds. The longer I ate her, the louder she got and the more she was wriggling around. It wasn't much longer before her body was tensing up and arching up off the stairs in anticipation of an orgasm. I kept up what I was doing, as it appeared to be doing the trick, and she started to shudder as she came.

It wasn't until she went limp and quiet on the steps that I raised my head, looking over her petite form. I started to unfasten my belt and open my slacks as I looked over her small tits and hard nipples exposed above her teddy and the brown bush that was almost hidden again between her legs. Once I'd released my cock and my slacks and underwear were down at my knees, I grabbed her teddy and slid it off with her raising her ass up off the steps to help. I stroked my cock as she watched while I looked over her, fully naked, relishing the opportunity to do so before lowering myself over her. I guided my throbbing tool into her hot, slippery pussy and we both moaned as I embedded my full length. We started making out again as I began to slide my tool in and out of her, savoring the feel of her pussy on my cock.

If you've ever fucked on a staircase, you know that it isn't the most comfortable place to do it. You were also probably in a similar situation where you were so stoked to be with somebody that you would have fucked them on broken glass that was also on fire and not really registered anything but the pleasure of her pussy. That is why we were fucking for a while before the discomfort surpassed the feelings of pleasure for either of us. We shifted a bit a few times, but eventually I pulled out and had her turn over so that she was on her knees, her beautiful ass aimed right at me. It was a work of art that I'd like to have lavished more attention on, but decided that there would be time for that after this first episode of frantic fucking. I slipped my cock back into her and took her by her hips as I started slowly thrusting in and out.

She was resting her head on her arm on one of the steps, but had slipped her other arm under her so she could stroke her clit while I fucked her. In this position, I was starting to feel my orgasm building much more quickly so, even though I wanted to fuck her slowly for hours, I couldn't help but increase my pace as the pleasure continued to build. It also didn't help that Cherie started pushing back against my incoming thrusts, moaning even more as she did. I could feel that her pussy was getting more wet and engorged, much as it had while I'd been eating her as she approached her orgasm. I was perfectly happy to have her cum a second time before I'd cum once, given that I'd been afraid that I'd cum immediately upon slipping into her pussy and that hadn't happened.

Since she was pushing back hard against my incoming thrusts, I went ahead and pushed into her harder and faster, trying to get her the rest of the way there. When her moans and cries reached a crescendo and she pushed back one last time, holding herself there, I knew she was about to go over the edge. Sure enough, her entire body started to tremble as she came. I continued to slowly thrust until she let out a long sigh then pulled away from me so that I slipped out of her hot pussy. Repositioning herself so that she was sitting on the step in front of me, she took my cock in her right hand and started to lick her juices off of it while the other hand gently fondled my balls. Once my rod was thoroughly cleaned, she wrapped her lips around it and started to slide them up and down. I couldn't help but moan as she expertly sucked my cock and I felt my orgasm building even more rapidly.

I watched as my cock repeatedly disappeared into her mouth, thinking how I never would have expected to see her pretty face inhaling my cock. The closer I got to cumming, the more my cock swelled in anticipation of blowing a load down her throat. She worked her oral magic, drawing out the pleasure longer than I would have expected but, finally, I exploded with a cry, filling her mouth with cum, which she swallowed down. She continued to nurse my cock until I was completely spent and starting to go soft, then let it fall and looked up at me with her brown eyes, smiling. I kicked off my shoes, stepped out of my pants and underwear, then helped her to stand and threw her over my shoulder. She giggled as I headed up the stairs toward her bedroom, massaging her bare ass, which was right next to my face, and feeling like I might be ready to go again already by the time we got there.