 It began as a softcore lingerie photo shoot and ended as the dirtiest, most exciting weekend I'd ever spent. I was actually in town to cover a basketball tournament in the arena across the street from the hotel, but when the offer came to spend an afternoon photographing a sexy young model in lingerie I had to accept.

Her name was Kelly and this was only her third or fourth modelling assignment. She was eighteen and an erotic vision. Petite and slender, with finely turned legs and a trim little ass, but really full in the chest. When she stepped into my room wearing a low-cut cocktail dress that came to mid-thigh I couldn't believe my eyes.

And her face! Classic American features: blue eyes, a pert little nose, flawless teeth, long straight blonde hair. She was perfect model material. What made her perfect erotic model material, apart from her body, was her mouth: the lips full and pulpy, like segments of some delectable fruit.

My hard-on probably started right then, even before we'd begun the session. I tried to hide it but I was wearing only loose shorts with my T-shirt and it must have been pretty obvious from the get-go.

It didn't seem to faze her though. I saw her glance at my crotch from time to time with the hint of a smile. I maintained a professional air as best as I could, posing her sitting in a chair beside the bed, then on the foot of the bed itself. I had her cross her legs so that the dress rode high enough to reveal the tops of her black stockings with the garters attached. Then I had her pose on the bed on her hands and knees so that the dress rose even higher.

What a sight she was, her ass in the air, her gorgeous legs encased in black nylon. Without me prompting her she began to haul the dress higher and higher, showing me the black garters stretched taut over her creamy buns.

"Kelly darling, these shots are going to be X-rated," I warned.

"That's okay. I want to have a little fun. I've been on such boring shoots lately."

She kept going, pulling the dress so high it was rolled into the small of her back and I had a perfect view of her taut little ass. The thong she wore left very little to the imagination.

My cock was erecting further, bulging out the front of my shorts, and she laughed as she caught sight of it.

"I think I'm not the only one who's professionalism has gone out the window," she smiled.

I laughed too. We were having fun. But my cock really was getting out of control, tenting out my shorts in a really obscene way. I started to back away but she stopped me.

"Don't move away. Your dick looks really big and I have a confession to make. I really love big cocks. Would you mind if I saw it?"

What a question! What's a guy supposed to do? Erotic model photography is a very dirty job, but someone has to do it.

"Be my guest,' I said as I stepped to the side of the bed. She had gotten off her hands and knees and was now sitting on the side of the bed, her face level with my bulging crotch.

"Fuck, it looks huge," she whispered. Her hand came up to stroke down the bulge gently and I thought I was going to come then and there.

But then she was tugging my loose shorts down and suddenly my prick sprang free and bounced up and down inches from her face.

"Fuck, it is huge! I love it!" she cooed.

I'm really not the most well-hung guy in the world, maybe slightly thicker and longer than many, but I was clearly bigger than what she was used to. She curled her slender fingers around it and squeezed gently. She shucked it up and down once, twice, three times.

And now I really began to erect fully. My cock flexed and stiffened to its full girth, jutting up in her hand like the branch of a small tree.

Fuck, it's beautiful!" she sighed. "Would you mind if I sucked it?"

So full of questions she was! None of which needed an answer. Without me saying a word she stuck out her tongue and licked the underside of the head. Then she licked up half the length of the prick's underside. Finally she sank those awesome pulpy lips over the head and began to suck.

She stayed on the head for the longest time, squirting it in and out between those puffy lips. Her big blue eyes stayed on my face the whole time, judging my reaction.

"You like the way I suck?" she smiled, pausing for breath. And without waiting for an answer she sank her mouth back over my cockhead and took in two or three inches of shaft to boot. Up and down her blonde head began to fly.

I've never had anyone suck my cock so gently, so expertly. She applied just the right amount of pressure. And her fingers clutched the base of the shaft and pumped it softly.

I could feel my sperm rising, yet I didn't want it to end. She seemed to sense this and after she'd plunged down deep on several strokes, sucking four, five, six inches of bloated meat into her mouth, she pulled off altogether, grinning up at me, panting softly.

"You're about to come, aren't you? Here, let me slow things down for you."

She slipped the straps of her cocktail dress off her shoulders and let her huge tits bounce free. They were beautiful tits, full and heavy and perfectly shaped, the nipples hard and erect and nut-brown. They jutted up off their circles like swollen thumbs.

She slotted my hard-on between her melons and squeezed them tight over it. Then she began humping up and down, fucking me with her tits. The hard nipples scraped against each side of my shaft and drove me crazy.

"Fuck, I love big cocks," she gasped. "I just can't get enough of them."

"You should meet some of the athletes over at the basketball tournament," I told her. "I get to pass through the locker room occasionally. I've never seen such big dicks on some of them."

"Really? You think you could arrange something?"

"Like what?"

"Well, it's just a thought, but I've always fantasized about a gangbang with a bunch of big cocks."

"Are you serious?"

"I am. Do you think you could persuade some of them?"

"They shouldn't need much persuading, once I show them your photos." My camera had been clicking steadily through the entire blowjob.

"Okay. Do it. I'm free the next day or so."

Just the thought of a posse of big cocks surrounding that beautiful face had me closer to the edge than ever. And she knew it. She set my hard-on free of the clutch of her tits and sank her mouth back down over me. She couldn't take all of it in her mouth but she gave it a good try. Fully two thirds of my cock disappeared between her lips.

"Baby, I'm going to come," I warned her. My balls were tingling and I knew it was a matter of seconds. I hadn't had sex in nearly three weeks and I wondered how heavy a load I was going to spurt.

"Where do you want to shoot it?" she gasped, drawing her mouth off my steaming prick. "In my mouth or in my face?"

"Oh baby," I groaned, spoilt for choice.

"Do it in my face. I love that. Just be sure to get lots of photos. You can show them to the boys. Go ahead. Empty your balls on my face."

What can you say to a girl like that? She sank to her knees on the floor, drew herself under my blazing dick. I took it in hand and began to jerk off. Her big blue eyes flicked from my face to my cock and back again. There was a sly smile on those beautiful lips.

The next few seconds seemed to pass in slow-motion, as in some freeze-frame porno movie. I shot a huge streamer of sperm right in her face. The bulk of it hit her right between the eyes with such force that she winced and snapped her head back.

"Whoa! Holy fuck!" she laughed.

The jet split into two and angled to the left and right across her forehead. But most of it hung there for a second before rolling down her face on each side of her nose. The two streams slid down her cheeks and touched the corners of her mouth and ended up dangling from her chin in elastic strands.

But then I was spurting again, a gigantic rope that splattered all the way up the left side of her face, crossing her cheek, sealing shut one eye before disappearing onto her forehead and into her hair.

"Holy fuck! What a load!" she gasped, gazing up at me with her one good eye.

Part of the incredible turn-on wasn't just that her face was young and beautiful and I was covering it with sperm. It was that she had had an expert make-up job, the shiny lip gloss, the inky eye-shadow, the works. A stunning young model, and I was drenching her face with semen.

A monstrous jet shot up the right side of her face, clogging her other eye and kind of pooling there before drooling back down over her cheek and off her chin. She stuck out her tongue and tried to scoop up some of the silver jizz.

But now her mouth was open I spurted a jet right inside, so much that it seemed to fill the gaping maw. She pursed her lips and let the white sperm drool out down her chin.

My last jet shot across her face diagonally, from jaw to temple, hooking over her nose and across her soiled eye. And then I was done, my balls empty, my huge load glistening on her face as if I'd painted it.

What a mess she was. A beautiful, stunning erotic mess, her lovely face striped and teeming with the fruit of my balls. She clutched the backs of my legs and stayed still, blinded, her head tilted back as if she wanted to keep as much sperm on her face as possible.

My camera clicked shot after shot, recording forever the outrage I'd performed on her face. And beneath all the semen she was smiling, grinning a wonderful, open grin as if she'd just had the time of her life.

"So much sperm!" she laughed, cum still drooling from her lips. "So much fucking sperm! Fuck, How I love it!"