 I was watching the afternoon news in complete relaxation. Sitting back on a comfortable leather couch, with a 21 year old beauty's head buried in my crotch. "God I love you," Jason replied as he ran his hands through Silvia's long curly hair.

Coming up for air, Silvia popped Jason's cock out of her mouth, "Are you going to cum soon? I have to leave for class in a little while."

Silvia was student at the local university. Jason was a lawyer who had his own law firm and had agreed to do some pro bono work for a Middle Eastern youth center. Silvia volunteered there. They got to know each other and for the past three months or so had been having a sexual relationship. No dates or the like, Silvia would either come over or meet him somewhere when she was in the mood, which was often. The old saying of a girl whose parents don't allow her to date will go wild eventually was true with her.

A quick description of Silvia. She was around five feet six inches with long curly hair with some blonde highlights. She had beautiful hazel eyes, especially when they were looking up with Jason's cock in her mouth, and a pretty round face. She could be described as curvy, definitely not overweight, though like most young girls she constantly worried she was. Her curves gave her a great ass, which she kept firm with regular visits to the gym, and she had spectacular 36 C breasts.

Silvia buried her head again and engulfed his cock, which was no small task. Jason's cock was a good nine inches hard and very think, which was one of the reasons Silvia and Jason enjoyed each other's company. Jason's eyes were closed as he relished feeling his cock pushed into her throat. He was startled when he heard, "Really Jason? In the ass? You fucked my sister in the ass?"

Jason and Silvia looked up to see Alex, short for Alexandria, standing in the entry way. "Hi Alex," Silvia said still stroking Jason's cock. She took the head into her mouth and sucked hard. "What time is it Alex?" she asked coming up for air.

"Uh... 1:30." Replied Alex checking her phone.

"Sorry Babe, I've gotta go," Silvia sat up and gave Jason a quick peck on the cheek. "You can finish him off," she said to Alex as she got up. 

As she passed Alex she went to give Alex a kiss on the cheek, but Alex turned in and turned it into a long open mouthed kiss with lots of tongue involved.

"See you soon Jason," Silvia called as she left the house.

Alex smiled and pulled the straps to her sundress to the side, letting the dress slip to the ground. She wasn't wearing a bra, which was not really necessary because her B-cup breasts where firm, though she often did because when aroused her nipples would stick out three-quarters of an inch, a trait Jason had learned ran in the family. Alex had on small white panties which clung to her, giving her a visible camel toe.

She pulled her panties down with a big smile. Grabbing her purse she dug around in it until she pulled a small bottle of lube, squirting a small bit on her fingers her rubbing it into her pussy. Jason knew Alex was not the average 18 year old when the first time they hooked up he discovered she always carried lube and condoms in her purse, just in case.

Alex, was indeed 18 years old, in the middle of her first year in college. Jason had met her at the youth center where her parents made her volunteer. She had immediately started to flirt with him, then blew him one day in the car when she asked for a ride home. Jason was smitten from that point on. Alex was five feet and one inch tall, had long silky dark brown hair which she straightened to keep some of the curls away, though it was still normally wavy. She had the cutest face, and her body was nice and toned, with her, "best" asset being an ass which had a little jiggle to it. Jason loved squeezing it's soft skin while they made love, and Alex had recently requested he spank her occasionally.

Jason was now sitting up on the couch. He had pulled his jeans all the way off and was stroking his cock as he watching the incredibly sexy Alex strip and prepare herself. She walked over, climbed on top of him and rubbed her shaved sex up and down the length of his rock hard dick. By the amount of liquid and heat Jason could feel he was guessing she may not have needed the artificial lube, but Alex's pussy was the tightest he had experienced.

Slowly she started to work Jason's cock into her pussy. Gasping as the head parted her lips. Pausing and taking a breath she lowered herself down, pausing often to let her body accommodate. Jason loved watching her face grimace with the mixture of discomfort and pleasure as her body grew accustomed to him inside her. When Jason's cock was fully penetrated into her pussy she started to rock back and forth really slowly.

Alex continued to slowly ride Jason's cock. 

Looking at him, she smiled, "So am I better than my sister?"

"What?", Alex perplexed Jason. Was she jealous? She has been the one who set them up, without her sisters knowledge of course. Alex's sister was named Aline. She was three years older, so twenty one years old. She was in her fourth year at the university, and did not approve of Alex's ways. Whether because she got tired of covering for her little sister, or because she thought her sister was too much of a tramp, she was constantly saying demeaning things aimed at Alex. Alex had read Aline's diary, something she normally did, and discovered two things; One, Aline thought Jason was hot, and two, it annoyed her greatly when Alex would openly flirt with Alex.

So in some grand plot to embarrasses or just be mean to Aline, Alex had talked Jason into flirting and then asking out Aline, so long as he promised to fuck her and do some dirty things with her. Without going into too much detail, Jason had hinted to Aline it would be fun to hang out sometime, she jumped at the idea, they went on a date, of which she wore a really sexy dress, which was low cut, and also showed plenty of leg. So you know, Aline is taller than her little sister, about five feet seven inches, has the same silky dark brown hair, similar B cup breasts, with long nipples, and a body that is toned, along with a perfect heart shaped ass.

Jason thrust up with his hips, causing Alex to gasp, "So what do you want to know exactly? You seem to know a lot already."

"Well, she was not nearly descriptive enough in her diary; all she really wrote about was how sore her ass was, and how great you are. But I want to hear the details, how did the date go, did she resist, everything, okay?"

"Well...I picked her up, and she was wearing that sexy dress. We went out to a nice restaurant for dinner, and I was very touchy feely, putting my arm around her as we walked, playful flirting, you know." Alex had closed her eyes and was grinding her hips slowly as Jason talked. "So coming out of the restaurant I went to kiss her to see how receptive she was, and discovered she was very receptive. In the parking lot before we got into the car we kissed again and this time she allowed me to cop a feel of her breast, so at that point I suggested we watch a movie at my place and enjoy a glass of wine."

Alex stopped fucking Jason, "Wait, you hate wine...never mind, what did you talk about during dinner, I can hardly imagine you were interested in her stupid friends and their drama."

Jason used his hands to move her hips a little as a reminder to keep fucking him. "If you must know at dinner we talked about you, how you are a tramp, and how she is convinced you flirt with me to make her mad, and how your parents are convinced you are an angel."

"Get back to the story."

"Well, on the ride back to my house her dress seemed to ride up her thighs, so my right hand spent the whole car ride rubbing her thighs and her breasts. When we got back to my place was no movie, just a couple of glasses of wine. I learned she's had sex with two guys; One on her prom night which lasted a couple of minutes, and another guy she dated from some frat."

"Her prom date was named Ando. We were only allowed to go out with Middle Eastern guys in high school. We're still encouraged to, but they have less control now. Anyway, thought you might like to know I fucked Ando too, and she was right he is horrible, but keep going, I'm going to cum soon, so hurry up."

"So we fooled around on the couch here, and I got my hind inside her panties to find she was plenty wet. Then I ate her pussy till she came all over my face." Jason had started to thrust his hips, bouncing Alex on his cock. Forgetting about the story, the two of them focused entirely on each other, Alex bouncing, Jason thrusting, until Alex felt the familiar pressure and then glorious spasms in her cunt. Her body went limp as she came on Jason's cock.

It had taken all Jason's will power to cum. He pulled his cock from her pussy to allow it to breathe some. "After she came I pulled her up, took off her dress and led her upstairs like this." Jason picked up Alex and carried her up the stairs. "I tossed her on the bed," Jason then tossed Alex on the bed, "Quickly put on a condom and gave her pussy some lube, then I went to work." Jason pulled Alex's legs apart, and pulled her by the ankles so her pussy was at the edge of the bed. Then he proceeded to fuck her good old missionary style. "She came again so I pulled out and told her to get on her hands and knees. Getting on the bed with her and started to slowly fuck her doggy style. Seeing her asshole as I fucked her, gave me the idea to see how far I could take it. I grabbed the lube and soon had a finger inside her ass." As Jason was telling the story he and Alex and rearranged so they were now in doggy position. Jason was kneading her soft ass cheeks as he fucked her and told his story.

"She still didn't protest so a second finger went in. At this point I was not going to stop, so I pulled out of her pussy, which is not nearly as tight as yours," that comment got Alex to start pushing back, meeting his thrusts. "Then I pushed the head of my cock into her ass. She started to protest, but I told her she better relax or she would really not enjoy it. I worked my cock in and fucked her ass."

Jason and Alex were now both drenched in sweat. Jason pulled out of Alex's pussy. Instinctually she rolled over and turned around and started to suck on the head of his cock while she jerked the shaft with her hand. Jason unloaded globs and globs of cum onto Alex's face, coating most of it. He flopped down onto the bed exhausted.

Alex got up and went into the bathroom to clean up. Jason watched her come out of the bathroom and head downstairs. A couple of minutes later she came back into the bedroom, still naked, but her panties and dress were in her arms, and in her hands was Jason's cell phone.

"Did somebody call?" Jason asked.

"Nah, just getting you a date tonight."

"Oh yeah? With who?" Jason asked confused.

"With Aline, she seems really excited," Alex plopped down next to Jason. She snuggled closer so she was spooning with him.

"Can I at least read what you sent?"

"Yeah, I need to get out of here anyway. I'll talk with you tomorrow, and I'll want all the dirty details."

Alex got up and dressed, and left. Jason started to scroll through texts sent and received.

Sent: Wanna go out tonight?

Received: YES, when?

Sent: I'll pick you up at 7

Received: Where are we going?

Sent: A movie, so dress casual. You look great in jeans, the tighter the better

Received: K cant wait to see you

To be continued...?