 There are things one does in life that can't make you feel like a bastard. Things that you either did or could have prevented that could have made someone's life better.

Sometimes, it's both...

I considered my college life to be quite good. As a student, I had little trouble gaining good grades. And as a student, I had plenty of chances to party and go completely wild. And I had a girlfriend. A very pretty girlfriend that I loved to fuck in my dorm room and think about how her parents though she was getting along. If only they could see her cunt filled with my cock, I used to think.

I was pretty happy with one girl. And also happy with the group of friends I had gathered together in my three years of academic life. But how was I to know that someone would come along and screw that all up? 

Her name was Huni, and if you're wondering, it is pronounced like the sweet syrup you put on biscuits and such. She was Chinese, and probably the most achingly beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. I first encountered her in a winter class along with one of my best friends in college, David. When she walked into the room, we both turned to each other with a complete look of appreciation.

Of course, I had my girlfriend, so I contained most of my burning lustful intentions deep within my thoughts. But David was single, and the look in his eyes carried a sense of far more than the boiling lust most men felt at the sight of her. Perhaps I'm not as romantic as he was, or at least wasn't then, but I swear he fell in love at first sight.

Together, we managed to weasel our way into the same group as Huni when project time came around. Sitting up close to her only added to her enchantments. Her long flowing black hair streamed down her back and sides. Her perfectly white teeth smiled gleefully and innocently. Her dress was conservative, but her body just seemed to be bursting to display itself in all its firm, curvaceous glory. She was pencil thin at the waist. So thin, I was certain my fingers could touch if I wrapped my hands around it. She must have had some magical formula for channeling her extra weight into her breasts. They were so full, so round, beneath her tops and jackets.

Being winter, the rest of her was left too imagination. The cold classrooms didn't much suit skimpy outfits or high-cut miniskirts. But as we learned more about Huni, we doubted she would wear such outfits anyway. She had recently moved from China, though she had lived in the U.S. until she was about thirteen. Her father had wanted his family to experience traditional Chinese roots, but felt her best opportunity lay in America. So when college came around, she spent only two years in her native land before blessing our shores with her fully developed beauty.

The time in China had fulfilled its purpose. Huni was a very conservative girl, and blushed an endearing shade of crimson when even the slightest sexual innuendo was made. We knew she would pass out if we ever asked her if she was a virgin, but we didn't need to ask. She was, and planned on remaining that way until her eventual marriage.

Ahh, marriage. I think poor David saw wedding bells attached to those magnificent breasts. I laughed when I realized he was always the first to meet her when the group got together, and the last to leave when we dispersed. I had no idea what they talked about in these times alone, but I had to do my best to stifle my jealousy and not try to sneak in on the action. After all, I had a girlfriend. And a very pretty girlfriend at that.

Have you ever seen an expression of true joy on the face of someone? Have you ever seen the ultimate, soul-lifting exclamation of happiness from a friend's lips? David asked Huni out on a date. She said yes. I gotta tell you I was a bit jealous. I found myself spending less and less time at the group meetings. Not because I didn't want to work, but because I could barely keep my dick in my pants. I could reason the lust from my body, but the length and vigor of time it took increased with each meeting. I was doing so well, and then I saw her in "the top."

The library was warmer than the classrooms, and we decided one evening to meet there. The extra temperature allowed Huni to remove her jacket. She was wearing the tightest, whitest, most body-contouring top I had ever seen. It looked like she bought the right size, and then had it shrink while she was still wearing it. The sleeves barely came past her shoulders. The buttons seemed like they were carving out red marks in her skin. But the killer, the sight that drove me absolutely crazy, was the sight of her obscured, but quite visible bra.

I could see her bra! Right through that tight white top! I could see the different reflection of light on the satin underneath, and the shape of the lace in the straps. I could see the sewn point that most be pressing directly against her nipples. And I could see a faint pattern in the fabric, a faint rose-petal pattern that seemed to encompass both innocence and pure sexuality.

I had to excuse myself. I had to pretend to go to the bathroom, duck into an unused room, and restrain myself from masturbating. I couldn't believe what was going on. I had a girlfriend, Damn it! And a very pretty girlfriend, mind you!

But this girl was unbelievable! She spoke with a slight, captivating accent. She hid her face and laughter behind embarrassed hands but sprung right up to add a joke of her own. She stretched these long, magical stretches that threatened to pull that top out of her pants. 

And she was a virgin. She was a good, conservative girl whose full lips had probably never pressed against a man. She was the purest flower, the most dainty of beauties.

So, as I said, I limited my contact with her after that. With most women, the time you spend with them builds up your desire to hump them like some kind of rising power meter. But once you leave their company, the meter falls back to zero. Not with Huni. The meter kept rising. It kept rising even when I wasn't with her, but fortunately at much slower pace. I even had trouble looking at other Chinese women. They all made me think of her, though not a one was even half her beauty.

Spring came, and the semester was over. David and Huni had been dating for awhile, and I can sadly say they were boyfriend and girlfriend. Sadly for me. I was happy for David. I did have a very pretty girlfriend, and was willing to accept that my friend had a heart-poundingly gorgeous girlfriend.

I managed two weeks away from her. Two weeks where I didn't see her with my eyes, but she never left my mind. The two weeks before Spring classes. When it was over, I found with her again. We had another class together, but this time, no David.

Huni came strolling into the classroom with a simple, tight yellow top with white buttons down the middle. But it was her lower article of clothing that caught my attention... something I had never seen her in before... a pair of shorts. They were simple enough. A casual white pair with a couple of pockets and a belt. It was the sight of her legs that was so spectacular. Her slender, golden-skinned smooth legs so perfectly shaped from foot-to-calf-to thigh-to crotch. They were so perfect, so flawless, I almost looked like she was wearing nylons the way her blemish-free flesh glinted in the light. But they were bare and wonderfully exposed to my eyes.

"Get a load of that bitch!"

Frank's harshness stunned me. Here was a friend I knew as long as David, if he could really be called a friend. I knew him, but considered him more of an asshole. He was so cocky, arrogant, and condescending. He thought the world turned when he commanded it, and would stop dead if he wished it. But as cruel fate all too often has it, he had the luck to back it up. He wasn't a great-looking guy, but he was good. He never lacked in his share of dates. His father owned a photography studio, which he let Frank use after hours for his own purposes. I had watched a number of the best-looking campus woman hop into his car to have some "nice" photos taken. I wondered how many of those woman showed more than their flashy smile. I wondered how many of them did more than just take pictures. 

I turned to him, not even realizing his reference was to precious Huni at first. When I saw his eyes fixed upon her, I turned at him sharply.

"Watch it, that's my friend's girlfriend!"

"Dude, she's fucking hot!"

"Yeah, she's special." I couldn't use his term. "Fucking hot" was not the phrase that captured her beauty.

Huni broke from her friend, spoke a gleeful "Hello," and sat in front of me. This class was going to be torture...

When she turned her body, I could easily see the thin bra strap so eloquently holding those wonderful breasts. The width of her shoulders was so narrow, so vulnerable. Her black hair curled lovingly down her spine as she brushed it from her shoulders. I could feel my hands on those shoulders, rubbing her softly as they slowly moved down to her chest. The image and sensations of fantasy were so clear in my mind as my thoughts joyously brought my fingertips into her blouse and onto the smooth cups of her bra. My ears awakened to invisible hush of pleasure that slowly sighed from her lips.

"Do you have a pencil I could borrow?" Huni's wonderful, smiling face had turned to ask me something. What it was didn't matter. To borrow a pencil, to giver her my wallet, to kill a man. I handed her my pencil blessing the desk beneath me and it's ability to conceal the large bulge in my pants.

Frank seemed just as taken with her. Everyday of class, I caught him stealing stares of her. He would see me, and wink as if I was thinking about the exact same thing: fucking her.

But winks were not enough for a man like Frank. A man, who had no trouble expressing himself.

"Man, I really want to fuck her." he just blurted it out one day. "Just think about that tiny, tight Chinese cunt sucking on your dick."

"Frank, come on. Please don't talk about my friend's girlfriend like that." I probably sounded noble in defense of a lady's honor. The truth was, I WANTED to think about his images! "If anybody gets to make love to her, it will be David."

"What? You mean he's not fucking her already?"

Why'd I have to open my big mouth?

"Dude, that means she's fair game! That means she wants somebody else!"

"It's not like that. She's a very traditional girl. She doesn't want to have sex before marriage."

"Dude, that's a crock! She'll fuck like a whore with the right guy."

Poor Frank, he always thought he knew women. He saw me shaking my head.

"I'll bet ya." He said intently.

"Get out of here."

"I'll bet you a hundred bucks right now that I can get her to fuck me."

"Frank, your full of shit."

"I'm serious! A hundred bucks!"

"No way, and even if you could, how would you prove it?"

"I'll videotape it."

I would like to think my confidence in Huni's chastity is what made me accept the bet, and not my the desire I wouldn't the recognize. Not the desire to see Huni's naked body humping and receiving a man's penis. I accepted the bet. If anything did happen, I was significantly responsible.

Frank made me promise not to get in the way. I had to go along with everything he said, and not let on to Huni about his intentions. I asked why I would do that? I wanted to see him lose. Frank insisted that if I lost the hundred bucks, it would be worth my while. I have to give him credit there. He saw the way I looked at her. He saw how her beauty captivated me and defined my sexual want. I didn't know what he meant, but agreed to his terms.

His attack started simply.

"Huni," he began one afternoon as we strolled out of class, "I really like that top your wearing. It really looks good on you."

"Thank you." she seemed nervous at the compliment.

"I don't know if you know this, but I do fashion photography for my father's business."

"I didn't know that."

"Anyway, we could really use a model to feature some tops from a new account he just picked up. Do you think you would be interested?"

Huni stopped walking. I stayed a few steps behind, listening, but not saying anything.

Huni seemed adorably embarrassed. I don't know how often she received compliments on her looks, but she was visibly uncomfortable. Yet, she was also smiling, and seemed quite flattered.

"You want me to model for you?" she finally asked.

"Yeah, it would be great. I'll bet your really photogenic."

"I don't think so..."

"Come on, it would really help us out. Who knows, you could get famous!"

Huni perked up a bit at that, but wore a look of suspicion. She seemed to be forming seedy ideas on what this situation might really mean. Would Frank use it as an opportunity to make a pass at her? But her innocence or embarrassment held her back from vocalizing her sexually-oriented fears.

"We'll pay you."

Now she really paid attention. I knew Huni's financial situation wasn't the greatest. She could use any spare buck she could find.

"How much?" she asked.

"Twenty-five bucks."

Franks sensed her hesitation, and her interest. He knew she wanted the money, but was nervous about what she would be wearing.

"Come on, there simple tops just like you have on now. No big deal."

I'm not sure what exact logic Huni was using at the moment as she weighed the arguments. But as her lips mouthed "Ok," I figured the lure of the money for a relatively simple task was too much. I did believe she was nervous. But she was too innocent, too naive, to be as nervous or as concerned as she needed to be. Frank was going to attempt to seduce her. It was that simple. This was a set-up for him to attempt to rip off her clothes and fill her virgin cunt with his cock. I don't think exquisitely beautiful Chinese girl was capable of picturing such raw lust, and I feared that made her vulnerable. 

I didn't know Frank's exact plan. And, I didn't know where Frank was going to get the money to pay her, but the stage was set.

"No! No! Absolutely not!" The look on David's face clearly showed suspicion, outrage, and fear.

"Why not?" Huni's voice was sweetly unconcerned.

I told them I was going to go get some water. The three of us were studying in the library when Huni told her boyfriend of her new modeling gig. I got up, but went to the next study room. I pressed my ear to the wall, and listened to the argument.

"Huni, I know Frank. He's a weasel. He's just doing it to get pictures of you."

"I know. That's what modeling is for." Her innocent, accented Chinese voice. So like a trusting little girl's.

"Huni, that's not what I mean." David explained. "He wants pictures of you because you're beautiful, because he wants to..." He hung stopped. David knew how uncomfortable Huni was with any kind of sexual discussion. He didn't want to say, "masturbate with them."

Huni continued, "If he thinks I'm beautiful, then it makes sense. Why would he want to use somebody ugly to model his tops?"

I couldn't see David, but I felt his frustration. The worst part was, he knew, as did I, that Frank's father was a genuine photographer. He had a studio and everything. That made Frank's story hard to disprove, for David anyway. I could go in there. I could go in and say to Huni, "Frank plans to try to fuck you." But I didn't.

The evening ended quite sourly. David forbade Huni from modeling, She grew enraged and stormed off. When I went back into the room, David seemed desperately worried. He asked me what he should do. Part of me wanted to tell him. Part of me wanted to say, "protect your girlfriend form that shark. He wants to hump her." 

"Let her do it." is what I said. "It's just tops. It's not worth fighting over."

"Give me twenty-five bucks." Frank said to me the next day before class.

"What for?"

"To pay Huni. I promised her twenty-five bucks."

"What? Why would I give you the money, you're the one trying to fuck her!" 

"Because, you will be getting a service in return."

What did he mean? I was confused by his comment.

"In my dad's studio, we have a changing room..."He smiled slyly. "With some 'special' glass for a mirror. We have a number of attractive ladies come in for pictures. A number of attractive ladies who have to undress. For twenty-five bucks, I'll let you be on the other side of that mirror."

My heart was pounding from the moment he said "undress." Huni was going to be molding tops. That meant, she had to take them off! Frank was offering me a chance to see her, to see her breasts. I surmised she would be wearing a bra, but so what? I could see Huni, her delicate shoulders... bare. Her slender arms... bare. Her flat, smooth stomach... bare. And the curved, wonderful contours of her full, incredible breasts. Not bare, but snugly held by a tender, feminine bra that would reveal her cleavage and much of their shape.

I handed Frank the money.

"One more thing..." he said.

"What?"

"Can you bring me some of your girlfriend's tops?"

I hadn't thought of that. Where was Frank going to get the clothes for her to model?

"Um, yeah, I guess." Could I get them out? "I'd have to take some she doesn't wear much."

"That's fine." Frank said. "It really doesn't matter what she wears, does it? And besides, this isn't going to be a one time deal. It's going to take several 'sessions.' to work her up."

The bastard was devious, I had to give him that. But was I any better? Frank couldn't be doing this without me. He needed me. I should have felt like a bastard myself. But I was feeling too hot, too excited to question my character. I was going to see that sweet, pure, achingly beautiful Chinese girl unbutton her shirt, and remove it. I was going to see her breasts bounce firmly in he bra, and then be covered up again with the buttoning of a new shirt. I couldn't wait.

I was already in position when Huni arrived. Frank had led me behind a wall to a dark corridor that ran behind the changing room. He brought a flashlight with him to find the way, explaining that I should never turn on any light while behind the glass or Huni might be able to see it. I wasn't surprised to see a video camera atop a tripod shooting directly through the glass. "You should see some of the chicks we've got with this thing." he said proudly. I didn't care who he had gotten before, or who he was getting later. I just wanted Huni.

So I waited, anxiously awaiting the opening of that door and the entrance of the fair goddess. I fiddled momentarily with the camera, and felt let down the viewfinder was black and white. Frank had a bar-type stool to sit on, so one could see through the glass without standing.

I heard the shutting of a door from the main studio. It was barely audible, and I couldn't hear any conversation. But I guessed she was here! Who else could it be?

I was caught off guard as the door to the changing room opened. I immediately recognized Huni's silhouette. She was carrying the duffel bag I brought, which contained the wardrobe I had picked inside. She turned on the switch.

Oh God, she was in the top! She was in that white, body hugging top I had seen her in once before! I sprang out of my chair, moving closer to the glass. Huni set the duffel bag on the floor, then stepped to the mirror. I instinctively stepped back, afraid she might see me somehow. She didn't. She examined her face, her wonderful face, as I examined her breasts. Oh yes, I could see the contour of her bra once again. The shirt made it opaque, but couldn't hide it completely. She was wearing a pair of cut-off jeans shorts with it that seemed to grip her smooth, dark-skinned legs with affection. Her make-up was impeccable, with full red lips and perfectly shadowed eyes. I don't think she had ever looked more sexy. I looked again at her chest, thinking to myself, "I'll see more of you later."
