 This is a work of fiction. The characters, events, and incidents in this novel are wholly the product of the author's imagination and have no substance in reality. Any resemblance to actual persons whether by similarity of name or description, is entirely coincidental. All characters in this novel are over eighteen years of age.

Chapter 01 

Lovely Laura my new neighbor.

On first seeing her I had been immediately struck with her singular beauty. She and her husband had moved into the house across from mine and I had studied her comings and goings, registering her petite curvaceous jean-clad figure and the charm of her lovely face from that distance for some three weeks. I had not had occasion to speak with her until one day I heard a soft knock on my door and when I answered she stood on the porch. "Hi! My name is Laura, I'm your new neighbor. Could I use your phone, our line is dead?" 

"Of course, please come in," I replied. 

"Thanks so much," she said stepping lightly across the threshold. Up close her charms were thoroughly evident, and the brief top and hip-hugging white shorts she was wearing gave me my first glimpses of the beauty of her bare legs, her shapely derriere, and the rest of her delightfully curvaceous figure, which rather than being voluptuous was of a more modest perfection. Nearly nude the brevity of her costume left little to my imagination and I was treated to all but the most intimate aspects of her beauty on this our first encounter.

I led her to the phone and left her to make her call to summon a repairman. She finished and stepped into the kitchen where I was brewing a pot of coffee. 

"Thanks again," she said. 

"Would you like some coffee?" I offered. 

"That would be nice," she smiled, and instantly I was again charmed by the beauty of her face; the timbre of her voice; the fresh feminine scent of her perfume; her readiness to accept my invitation, and the whole aura of sensuality radiating from her being. As we stood and chatted I took the measure of her shapely frame. A head shorter than I her slim petite figure was ideally proportioned between long curvaceous legs and a short torso, her narrow waist flaring out to shapely hips and luscious buttocks, her neat little breasts lifting provocatively to the firm buds of her nipples visible beneath her brief top. 

When she turned her buttocks hollowed at the sides drew my attention to her lush derriere, and the subtle tilt in her lower back accented the lift in her buttocks as though she were offering her cheeks to my hands. Her tummy, neat and flat, topped her luscious loins descending into the charms of her delightful delta. 

While hidden beneath her brief fitted shorts the swell of her swollen pudenda was generous enough to capture me, and the front seam of her shorts created a delicious little valley between the folds of her sex drawing my attention down to her lovely thighs, curvaceous calves, slim ankles and shapely feet. My gaze craved to linger on that delicious space between her loins but I forced my attentions elsewhere, settling instantly on her lovely face once more.

She wore her dark hair swept back in a French Twist, accenting the beauty of her facial features, her clear gray blue eyes and delicate brows, her short graceful nose above the inviting beauty of her mouth and lips all summing up a face alive with interest and charm.

Her age I put in her late twenties, and in every aspect I found her to be a very rare model of physical perfection. But beyond that I sensed an even rarer quality of sensuousness that struck a chord of sympathetic eroticism within me as she simply radiated sexuality, and she knew it.

Her arms, her hands, were slim and graceful in their movements. When she lifted the coffee mug and sipped I found myself gazing in rapt attention at the movements of her shapely lips and the quick touches of her lithe little tongue over them. That she was aware of my attraction to her she acknowledged with occasional quick glances into my eyes, subtle amused lifts of her eyebrows, and soft smiles upon her sumptuous mouth even as she pursed her lips to sip the coffee. 

I found my attention captivated by the movements of her luscious lips and my phallus hardened at the instant fantasy of her mouth moving over its bulk. The vision of her lovely face so engaged rather overwhelmed me, and as she glanced up into my eyes for an instant I wondered if she had divined my thoughts.

Averting her face and glancing down with a shy smile she murmured, "I guess I'd better be getting home." Her movement arched her neck exposing its shapely contours to my gaze and my mouth suddenly craved to search out that sensitive hollow above her delicate clavicle. 

She was about to place the mug on the counter when I reached for it and found her hands instead. The warmth of her slim fingers in my palms was a delight and for a delicious moment she lingered under my touch. Her eyes found mine in a steady half amused regard as I clasped her hands around the mug. "It has been a real pleasure to meet you Laura," I said.

"Yes, I think we will be ... good neighbors ...," she smiled her hands still in mine as though she was in no hurry to end the touch.

I stared into her lovely face and felt the urge to draw her to me, an urge that I sensed she was not resisting. Again my firming phallus signaled its aching response to her beauties and our eyes locked in a mutual and unstated understanding that acknowledged the arousal she was awakening in me. 

After all, except for the skimpy coverings of her top and shorts she was virtually naked down to her bare feet for this our first meeting and her body was simply exquisite. That she knew I was utterly charmed by her attractiveness I saw in the subtly droll smile touching her sumptuous mouth.

The soft smooth warmth of her hands still in mine invited an irresistible subtle caress upon her fingers. My touch flowed over her knuckles to her wrists and lingered there. Her eyes fixed on mine, and I read in her smile her willingness to perhaps tolerate this intimacy for the moment. 

"That's a lovely ring," I offered glancing down at the sumptuous gem on her right third finger as I sought for an excuse to continue holding her hands. 

She extended her fingers displaying the ring for me, and my fingers moved to the underside of her wrists savoring the smoothness of her skin while I observed that she wore only a simple gold wedding band on her left third finger. 

"Presents from my husband," she replied rather winsomely without withdrawing her hands from mine. 

Emboldened by her permissiveness I stroked the smooth undersides of her hands with my fingers, a caress that craved to climb to her forearms and draw her into an embrace, and I sensed from the expression in her widened eyes that she read my need.

My desires in those memorable moments of our first meeting flowered instantly within me and my hands inched up her arms, but then she murmured meaningfully: "My husband will be home soon..." 

Her neat brows lifted in amused regard yet she did not withdraw her arms from my hands, leaving that restraint to me, and her eyes held mine as my touch descended slowly from her forearms to rest upon her hands and lift the coffee mug from her grasp with one hand while I continued to hold her other hand with mine. She looked soberly and steadily at me then as I held her hand, my fingers resting in her palm, my thumb caressing over the back of her hand to savor its warmth and delicate shapes.

"You'll have to meet Jack. His bark is worse than his bite," she smiled, her free hand lifting gracefully to flick her dark curls from her forehead, her gaze lingering amusedly on mine. 

"I haven't seen much of your husband yet." 

"I know," she returned, "when he's not working he's golfing. Do you golf, Mister?" 

"No. I'm a painter." 

"You're an artist?" she quizzed with a sudden interest. 

"Yes. Would you care to see my studio?" I said, delighted at this opportunity to prolong our encounter. 

"Sure," she exclaimed with a happy lilt in her voice.

My hand over hers I felt her fingers curl neatly into mine as I led her across the room to the stairway and turning, so I could pleasure my senses with her beauty, I drew her down the steps studying the sensual fitness of her nearly nude body in movement as she descended into my space of delight. 

Here in this sequestered room I had for years freely indulged my creative explorations of feminine beauty. Its walls were decorated with the framed results of the collaborations with my models ranging from the merely decorative to the utterly erotic. "My goodness!" Laura exclaimed her lovely eyes widening with surprise, her free hand touching her mouth in modest shock, yet her captured hand tightened in mine with an unconsciously spontaneous sympathy to what she was reading in my paintings. 

This, my latest series, had focused on revealing the pleasures, delights, and sensuousness of gorgeous girls in those most private ecstasies of female self-pleasuring, and most particularly in that moment when they had reached orgasm. From Laura's reaction I could sense she knew all too well what I was striving for, as she wiggled with a little giggle of appreciation.

"As you can see I favor the female nude," I smiled at her 

"For sure, and that's not all you favor!" she gasped, her lovely mouth gaping knowingly, her eyes darting up to mine in intimate admission that she knew all too well what delights such exercises offered. Emboldened by her reactions I casually I lifted my hand from hers to stroke up the length of her bare arm and over the delicate smoothness of her bare shoulder, my fingers feeling the warmth and quality of her skin, the movement bringing her to my side. I could feel then the way she was relaxing into my space, the warmth of her body mingling with mine, and the way the perfection of her figure molded so perfectly to my physic.

A soft knowing smile touched her lips and her eyes opened wide with appreciative interest as I drew her from one erogenous view to the next. "That's pretty sexy stuff!" she muttered. 

"Do you find it 'interesting' Laura?" 

"I can see that you certainly find it interesting, Mister. Where did you find all those beautiful girls, and how do you get them to pose for you like that?" she giggled meaningfully up at me. 

"I have found that most beautiful women are pleased to share their loveliness with the world, and I just tell them what I want to see and they give it to me," I replied with a little squeeze of her lovely shoulder. 

"Lucky you!" she laughed as she turned to take in even more of her surroundings.

I had placed my easel before a modeling stand supporting a couch that could be gradually reclined into a bed thus supporting my models in a series of positions from the merely suggestive to the utterly erotic. My space also offered a wide selection of music for their entertainment and mood, which often included the inevitable satisfactions of our mutual sexual tensions roused by my pursuit of their masturbatory pleasures. That Laura appreciated the conveniences of my studio I read in her droll smile, sudden chuckle, and knowing glances up into my eyes.

"Tell me," I said suddenly, "we've just met but ... if you are ever in the mood to pose for me I would be most grateful." 

"You want me to pose for you...like that?" she gasped with an amused and incredulous glance at the moment before us in which I had captured my model fingering her clitoris to the point of orgasm so that she lay fully revealed in her moment of bliss. 

Tightening my hand on Laura's shoulder I drew her even closer to my side feeling the way she was yielding to my advances. The warmth of her slim curvaceous figure melted into my side, and she turned her lovely face up to meet my gaze down into her questioning eyes. "You have a very rare and exquisite beauty Laura that should be memorialized on canvas," I added, my hand sliding up over the delicate curves of her shoulder to find the coil of her silky dark hair and the comb holding it into the French Twist. 

"Really!" she pouted her lips pursing so delightfully around the word that the urge to bend my face to hers and kiss her mouth overJacke me. She instantly read my need and I felt her head retreat into my hand, but I had captured her, and when my lips lightly touched hers I found them surprisingly responsive to my caress. 

How I savored that first touch of my mouth on hers, the sensuous delicacy of our lips mingling hesitantly at first and then melting together in prolonged and mutual delight. I found her mouth exquisitely warm, her full lips a perfect delight in opening to meet mine and mingle in a caress communicating a host of sensuous sensations.

To my delight I found that she was as curious as I to experience this intimacy and discover the extent of our satisfactions with each other. I found the taste of her mouth exquisite, and her surrender to my mouth of such perfection that her eyes closed and her shapely brows lifted in appreciation of this pleasure. 

We parted for an instant and then our mouths met again in an ever more passionate moment of exploration that included a probe of my tongue touching hers. Finding it utterly responsive to my needs our tongue tips tangled wetly for seconds and then I felt her mouth accept the length of my organ while my fingers felt for the comb holding her hair and pulled it out, releasing her dark tresses in a lovely silky cascade down her bare back. Her lids lifted over her eyes now smoky with surrender even as her mouth retreated from my advances. "Is this the way you prep all your models?" she murmured. 

"It does help to create the right mood for my artistic efforts," I admitted.

"Yes," she nodded, "I can see what you mean," and I read in the flushes of her face and in the sudden puffy ness around her eyes the sure signs of sexual arousal signaling her possible readiness to indulge our needs together at this moment.

Gathering her soft tresses in my hand I lifted them to my mouth for another kiss inhaling the fragrance of her hair. "If I asked you for what I want would you give it to me, Laura?" 

"Is that what you want, Mister?" she asked with a nod at my depiction before us of a girl posed in a crouch, her buttocks lifted to the full revelation of her luscious sex between her cheeks, her fingers passionately engaged in parting her labia to the full exposure of her pink and the massage of her clitoris, her face registering the abandon of orgasm. 

Laura turned then in my arms with her back to me studying the painting intently, her hands drawing my arms about her bosom settling her intimately into my embrace, the curves of her buttocks nestling nicely into my groin. "That will do for starters. Will you give it to me, Laura?" I returned soberly, my face buried in the dark fragrant luxury of her loosened tresses, my mouth touching her cheek tilted to my lips.

"I think I could manage that." she laughed meaningfully "Is that all you want?" she muttered with a knowing glance over her shoulder at me and then glancing back at the painting before her. 

"No my dear. I want your whole repertory," I whispered in her ear. 

"Did that girl give you her whole repertory?" Laura murmured back at me.

"Yes, but as you can see from her youth it is rather limited. If I am any judge of women Laura I can see that your talents are not only unlimited but offered in an utterly exquisite form."

Then slowly I turned her out of our embrace to spread her arms, my gaze wandering hungrily over the beauty of her body displayed so provocatively before me, and read the winsome smile on her luscious lips as I turned her to openly study the revelation of her beautiful back. "So to begin with Laura, I want to see what you have hidden beneath that top and those cute little shorts of yours." 

"There's not much under my top," she laughed wryly. 

"I'm not into big breasts, my dear," I whispered my fingers feeling for the catch holding her top. 

"I'd rather let you see my butt," she giggled catching my hand and arresting its movements. 

"That can be arranged," I returned lowering my hand to the zipper at her waist that held her garment. But again she captured my hand resisting my intent to bare her bottom. "Do you think my butt is as cute as hers?" Laura murmured, nodding at the painting before us. 

"From what I can see beneath your shorts your derriere is absolutely gorgeous," I sighed as she stepped away from me and posed herself provocatively before the picture by arching her back to lift her buttocks.

"The girl in this painting... she lives next door to us!" Laura exclaimed with a quick knowing glance up into my face. 

"Yes. Her name is Mae. Could you give me what she's given me, Laura?"

"Maybe...if my husband would let me,"she smiled invitingly when she turned to face me again. 

"And what would it take for him to grant me that gift?" I probed my hands settling on her slim naked waist to draw her warmth into mine once more.

"A favor for sure," she laughed wryly up at me. 

"What kind of favor.?" I asked feeling the way she was settling into my touch so that the heat of her loins warmed mine.

"Well, ever since we moved here Jack has been ogling that girl when she sunbathes nearly nude in her backyard! She's such a sexy little sweetheart that he's nuts about her, and if he ever sees this picture you painted of her he'd probably give you about anything you wanted...if ...." Laura hesitated and then laughed knowingly up at me. 

"If what Laura?" 

"If he got to FUCK her!" she giggled spontaneously, her gaze flicking meaningfully from the painting up to my eyes again. We stood silently then for a moment while I digested her remark with all its incredible implications. Was she serious I wondered, savoring the way she was yielding to my embrace, her petite lithe figure nestling against me while we both studied the view I had captured of Mae's bare buttocks, puffy pudenda, and busy fingers. I stared intently down into Laura's eyes, bright with amusement and arousal, and read the signal of purpose in her expression.

"I would love to pose you just like that, Laura." 

"I'm sure you would!" she murmured wryly and I felt in the way she yielded even more to my embrace that the thought actually excited her.

"Yes Mister! I would love to pose like that for you," she whispered, "but my husband has to get his jollies too, and he wants them with her. She looks young...does she fuck? You should know, Mister" Laura murmured with a nod at my painting of Mae, a meaningful glance up into my eyes, and a gesture with her hand at the couch-bed on my modeling stand.

"Yes, my dear I do know," I laughed, "The truth is that Mae is a virgin despite her eighteen years." "Oh my God!," Laura groaned, "Jack would give anything to take her cherry." 

"Anything?" I queried down into her expectantly lovely face. 

"Yes, anything!" she moaned meaningfully up at me.

"Have you ever modeled like that before, Laura?" I whispered my hand now following the drape of her hair down the length of her back until it rested upon the upper curves of her buttocks. 

"Sort of.... My husband has taken pictures of me doing just about everything a girl can do to herself," she giggled, her bare back arching subtly under the caress of my hand and lifting the sumptuous curves of her buttock into my fingers curving around her luscious cheek and sounding out its delightful shape beneath her shorts. 

"And what exactly do you do to yourself Laura?" 

"It's all in my husband's picture albums," she laughed. 

"Perhaps you would be good enough to share those pictures with me some time soon," I urged. 

"I guess I could do that when we get to know each other better," she sighed breathlessly as my hand worked its way slowly over her buttocks, my fingers probing into the cleft between them only to be hindered by the taut fabric of her shorts rather than her protests. Her eyes closed and she lifted her face to mine, her mouth agape with suspense as I lowered my mouth to hers for another caress, a kiss that she met with a sudden ardor when my finger followed the sheath of her shorts to find the twin bulges of her sex filling the space between her lower buttocks and I discovered what a prominent and ample pudenda lay hidden beneath her tiny garment. Spontaneously her back arched lifting her buttocks into the probe of my finger between them feeling for the full measure of her ample offerings of delight, and a soft moan of surrender escaped her lips.
