 This story is a request from Carin. For many years she was not happy with what she was or who she was, but today Carin wants the world to know she is very content with the young woman she has become.

*

Carin was a beautiful young woman who was puzzled by her inner feelings. She was 19 and desperately wanted to understand her most intimate emotions. All through her teenage years, Carin faithfully followed the conventional methods set down by society and her parents, but she found something uncomfortable about being a typical teenager. Following graduation and entering the workforce, she decided once and for all to discover her path in life.

Although Carin wasn't fond of using nicknames or shortened names, she preferred it when people called her Cari. She had strawberry blonde hair and often got kidded about being spacey, but she wasn't anything like a typical dumb-blonde. When a person met her, they could tell her mind worked a mile-a-minute trying to figure out everything, right down to the smallest detail.

Cari was quite slim with measurements of 33a-22-33 and she was average height at 5'5". Her dress size was a two, which was very small, but men found her body very attractive and sexy. She had such a small waist yet her hips were well rounded giving her a very sexy figure, which was the envy of most women. Her boobs may have been fairly small, but they were definitely supple enough to draw many stares and her nipples belied any notion that they weren't overly developed.

Although a popular girl in high school, Cari really didn't date anyone seriously. Her first sexual experience was very early when she fooled around with one of the older boys in her school. Most of the girls in her class found the thought of dating older boys very mature and exciting, but it was Cari who got a big reality check. She foolishly lost her cheery to a crude boy who only wanted to add her name to his long list of sexual accomplishments. He only fingered her, but it was enough, as Cari found out for the first time that boys weren't sensitive when it came to a girl's sexual needs.

After the first experience, Cari found it easier the next time. The one very apparent detail she gained from heavy petting and groping with boys was that it was not something pleasant or something she coveted. Cari secretly found other girls appealing to the extent that she fantasized about having relationships with some of her close friends. She steadfastly refused to believe that she might be different because her parents and friends always criticized people who were classified as gay.

Through high school and even now Cari babysat in the neighborhood. She had two neighbors, Sandra and Dawn, who used her a lot and they would prove significant in her life. Sandra lived down the block and she was a young married woman with a two-year-old child. She was not much older than Cari and the two quickly developed a close friendship after the couple moved into the area. Cari considered Dawn a goddess and she had been in love with the woman since she started babysitting for her two daughters at the age of twelve or thirteen. Dawn was in her late twenties and Cari idolized her because the woman was so refined and ladylike.

Carin's life changed very innocently on one stormy night in April. She babysat for Sandra who came home early because her husband got called into work due to the storm. Since it was early, the two chatted and before long Sandra poured drinks. She handed Cari a glass and raised hers to give a toast. "To Carin! My beautiful neighbor who is about to discover her sexuality."

The toast set Cari back on her heals. "What? My what?"

"I'm bisexual and I find you very attractive," Sandra whispered. "Tonight we are going to discover your sexuality."

"But, but I'm not."

"My love! I've always known that I'm a lesbian, more than anything else. I can recognize one in an instant," Sandra said. "You know the saying? It takes one to know one."

The profound news was shocking and Cari was totally speechless. Suddenly it all made sense. She was different and the emotions and intimate feelings over the years were indeed real and not imagined. Cari thought back to all of the times she forced herself to endure the crude and crass fondling and groping from unloving boys. Her head started to spin and it wasn't due to any alcohol. "Oh God, are you sure?"

That night was the first indication of Sandra's dominate nature and Cari quickly found out that she was easily dominated. Her hand shook so bad that she spilled some of her drink and her feet were glued to the floor when the woman approached her. Sandra boldly walked right up to her and gently took the glass, setting both drinks on a table. "You just let me show you... awaken your true inner being, my love."

Cari glanced down and watched in total amazement, as the young woman unbuttoned her blouse. Then Sandra rolled the garment off her shoulders and blatantly tossed it across the room. Suddenly the gears in Cari's mind started churning like mad. 'Did I purposely not wear a bra? Did I unwittingly know that Sandra was going to take advantage of my innocence?'

"OMG girl, you have the nicest titties. I imaged them being pert and quite small... but they're luscious and much bigger than I ever expected," Sandra whispered. "And the nipples... my gawd girl, they're so erect and hard that I can hardly wait to taste them."

Cari listened to the sweetest words and wondered if it all wasn't a dream. Her eyes opened wider when Sandra's knowing fingers swooped downward and swiftly unfastened the snap and zipper of her jeans. All of a sudden Cari was aware of Sandra's rapid breathing and that the woman's breathing was merely gasps and moans. When her jeans were slowly rolled off her shapely hips and all the way down her long, slender legs, she found it impossible to breathe.

Cari couldn't remember feeling so sexy or so alluring. She stood motionless, wondering if she was the luckiest girl in the world because she had worn the sexiest thong underwear. Cari tilted her head upward and fixed her eyes on the young woman who was smiling at her. "Oh God, I didn't know it would feel like this."

"Of course not, honey, but you let Sandy be your first," Sandra whispered. "I'll show you what love is all about." Then she quickly stripped while keeping her guiding eyes glued on the girl in front of her.

Cari felt her heart beat twice as fast and her face got overly hot and flushed. She stared at Sandra's seductive body and marveled at the womanly charms, which made her features look like a little girl's. Sandra was slightly taller than Cari at 5'7"; she had blonde, streaked hair and a figure that was overly sexy by any standard. Her boobs were a ripe 36C and they developed just a little sag after the baby, which made them sway and bob whenever she walked or moved. Sandra often flaunted her overly defined nipples by wearing very thin bras and she chuckled every time she caught Cari staring at them.

Cari felt embarrassed whenever she got caught ogling the woman's luscious boobs, but she couldn't resist imagining what they actually looked like or felt like. Probably Sandra's best features were her midsection and hips. She had a very slim waistline and her hips had a flare that most men found seductive yet women envied. Cari tried to take all of Sandra's naked beauty in with a glance and she shuddered when the woman stepped closer.

Sandra's warm breath washed across her face making Cari even hotter. Cari stood frozen when Sandra's lips met hers and a most passionate kiss ensued. She eagerly pressed her lithe body into the voluptuous woman in front of her.

Without warning, the woman's hand closed directly on top of her scantily covered mound. Cari felt embarrassed when Sandra's skilled fingers searched under the soaked material and she couldn't remember being so wet in such a hurry. The miniscule band of cloth was ripped to one side and then a finger entered her most intimate domain. She hoped the woman didn't find the dampness offensive and suddenly Sandra's fingers found the secret key. Her throbbing clitoris was yanked out of the swollen hood and swirled around wildly in the vast wetness.

"I love it when my lover gets wet... leaks all over."

"I've... Oh God, I've never felt my thingie... my clitty throb so madly."

Sandra glared into the teary eyes knowing she was fully in control. "I've always wanted a lover... someone who was faithful and devoted to being my sex-slave."

"Dear God, yes."

"I won't ask you to wait. I can feel it already!"

It happened so fast and furious that Cari surrendered, not caring that she had lost control. No boy had ever made her orgasm or cum. Cari felt strong, experienced fingers surround her entire clitoris and she was thankful for the support of Sandra's body, as it held her upright. If it wasn't the fastest orgasm in history, Cari was positive she set some kind of record. She didn't know how the woman accomplished the amazing feat without much foreplay, but Sandra made her climax like a wanton slut.

A long, skinny finger thrust into her precious vagina and then something strange took over her body. Cari sensed the woman's dominating control and didn't hold back fearing that she might miss something extraordinary. Her hips jerked sporadically seemingly controlled by the skilled fingers and the intense orgasm was the only thing that mattered.

The final spasms continued shooting through her inner being, as Sandra shuffled and guided her across the floor. They reached a sofa and both women collapsed with Sandra landing on top of her submissive love-slave. "This time you're going to take it slow and enjoy the most wonderful feeling," Sandra whispered. "I'm going to make you my little sex-toy."

"Again? Another one right away?"

"My love, I can tell that you're a nonstop sex-addict. You radiate sex and I'm sure the boys drool over you," Sandra whispered. "I bet you don't wear a bra because you love showing off these lovely titties."

"Oh God, it feels so good when my boobs are not covered."

Sandra shifted to the side and glared at the girl's heaving chest. "Yes, I can tell by the hard nipples that you like showing them off."

Cari giggled at the apparent taunt. "I love watching the boys stare. They are so bloody obvious."

"You can't blame them. I remember the last time you babysat for me. You wore that beige low-neck blouse, which barely covered your tits. When you bent over in front of my husband, I thought he'd blow a gasket at the sight of your bare boobs," Sandra said.

"If you must know, I wore it for you," Cari whispered, not sure if she was doing the right thing.

"I know you did, my love. When we looked at each other, I could tell that you were trying to please me."

"Oh no, was it that obvious?"

"I knew long ago that you liked girls. I asked around the neighborhood about you. Seems you don't date much... haven't dated a boy for any length of time."

"Wow, the neighbors noticed?"

"When I talked to Dawn, the other family you seem to do a lot of babysitting for, she raved at how nice a girl you are. Dawn highly recommended you as a babysitter when I first moved into the neighborhood. She told me that you haven't had a steady boyfriend and wished you would find the boy of your dreams."

"Dawn is a nice woman... a truly special person."

"Ooooh, you little devil. You have the hots for her, don't you?"

"No! Well, she is such a nice lady and I like being with her." 

"It's okay, really. I don't mind if you have other girlfriends," Sandra said, with a knowing smile on her pretty face. "In fact, I just might help you someday with Dawn. I've thought of going after her myself, but the right opportunity hasn't presented itself. You've certainly set your sights on the sexiest woman around."

"I've known Dawn forever... babysat for her for years."

"Tell me, how do you get sexual satisfaction. Do you masturbate?"

"Aaahhh, yes," Cari replied, wanting to be truthful with her friend.

"How often?"

Cari didn't want to say, but Sandra's eyes conveyed an overpowering demand. "Often, well daily... everyday I do it."

"You're about to find out that masturbation doesn't replace the real thing, my sweetie."

Cari's heart beat rapidly wondering at the marvelous possibility of being intimate with a sexy, mature woman. She didn't have time to relish the moment, as Sandra's mouth closed over one of her throbbing nipples. The talking stopped and Cari's next sexual encounter began with her extended nipple fully engulfed inside of Sandra's volcanic mouth.

Sandra caressed and kissed the nipples and turned each into hard, throbbing pebbles with her skilled tonguing and nibbling. Then she seized the nipples with both hands and squeezed the erect buds, holding them pointed high in the air. Her mouth remained between the two mounds, kissing and licking the burning flesh. Sandra used her teeth to bite the insides of both breasts and even put marks on the pinkish boobies, which would prove to be a reminder for the lust-filled girl.

The lovemaking progressed with the determined mistress extracting the spirit from her submissive girlfriend. Sandra moved her fingertips across Cari's shivering stomach and lower to the neatly trimmed forest. She felt the girl's tummy heave with each caress, as she worked her way to the Promised Land. When she touched the reddish hairline, Sandra intertwined her fingers into the sparse, curly hair. She pulled hard enough to bring a cry out of her innocent slave and then toyed with the hair using her fingers in a teasing fashion.

Cari was filled with an unfamiliar lust that seemed to control every move. Suddenly there were fingertips between her legs and they were prodding her to open her milky thighs. The prior impulsive orgasm merely made her body more alive and sensitive. The fingers traced a scorching path across her skin leaving a trail everywhere. Then they carved a path through her exposed crotch and Cari willingly obeyed an urgent command to spread her legs wider.

Cari arched her back and forced her head backwards into the soft cushions. She couldn't bear looking and felt the determined mistress slip her torso between her splayed legs. Cari held her breath, expecting the most wonderful sensations to continue. All of a sudden fingertips pressed on her soaked labia and they easily pulled them apart. She squeezed her eyes closed tighter and watched the dark eyelids for the true picture.

Suddenly her exposed gem was flicked back and forth. Cari visualized Sandra's tongue darting all over her fragile clitoris and turning it into a throbbing morsel. She was just getting used to the skilled caresses when sharp teeth closed around the protruding clitty. Swiftly the woman switched to jabbing her tongue in and out of the honey-hole pretending it was a tiny penis. Cari felt her tummy churning wildly and marveled at the newfound lust, which seemed to grow with each lewd caress and embrace.

Cari would never know the reasoning for Sandra's next onslaught. The woman demanded obedience and swiftly rolled Cari over and onto her stomach. Sandra jerked Cari's hips upwards until she was in a kneeling position and then pried the knees apart, giving Cari better balance. "I like my girls to be bitches. You can be my little schoolgirl bitch on your hands and knees while I finger your horny pussy."

Sandra shoved her flushed face into the waiting crack and attacked the sacred hole. She tongued Cari's virgin asshole and used her fingers with the precision of a Swiss watchmaker. Sandra inserted two fingers of her right hand into the girl's small glory-hole and used her left hand to ravage the defenseless clit. She pinched the pink mass between her fingers and relished the yelp from her slave, as she rolled the clitty around vigorously.

There was no respite. Sandra had one goal and there was no woman alive who could withstand such a treacherous assault. She sucked Cari's ass and used her tongue to punish the puckered entrance in a lewd, threatening manner. No one had ever touched her there and Cari found the molestation extremely irresistible.

Cari's clitoris felt like it had doubled in size and Sandra had no trouble keeping it firmly clasped between her fingers. Crouched behind the shuddering hips with the girl's crotch aimed perfectly back at her, enabled Sandra to administer a finger-fucking to remember. She made sure her fingertips dragged along the already used G-spot, which Cari realized directly affected her stamina. "Relax, my love. We won't use a real cock, yet, but someday we will."

At the time Sandra's declaration meant nothing to her. Cari knew the woman suggested she have sex with a man or at least a dildo, but she never considered any significance to the statement. All was lost when her belly started going through devastating convulsions and heaved in and out just before emitting a volcanic eruption. The molten lava flowed freely when her clitty got twirled around so robustly that Cari was positive it would be permanently damaged.

Sandra had a gutter mouth when she got overly aroused and the fact quickly became evident. "I need your slutty mouth," she moaned. "Now! I need a royal fucking." She pulled backwards, just as the orgasm ended, and shoved the still shaking hips off to one side.

Cari felt the determined push from her lover and she found it hard to move her legs because there were still a few dramatic internal spasms. She watched Sandra frantically roll around her body until she was spread out on the sofa cushions. There was nothing vague or ambiguous about what the woman wanted or demanded. One hand gestured towards her wanton crotch and the other reached for Cari's head.

Sandra wound her fingers into the strawberry blonde hair. "I'm too horny to wait. Fuck me now, bitch." She yanked Cari's head towards her passion pit and shoved the girl's face directly at her dripping pussy. "Eat me bitch, eat me out and show me how much you like being my little slave."

Cari stared at the baby-like pelvis and marveled at the shaven appearance. The pussy-lips looked so delicate and seemed to part just enough to disclose some of the valuable gem. Cari spotted the very tip of Sandra's clitoris and knew the woman's body would react when she touched the tiny morsel. She slowly dropped her head and stuck her tongue directly on top of the exposed clitty.

"Heavenly Jesus, suck the fucking thing... all of it into your slutty mouth."

Cari obeyed instantly. She gobbled the pink bud and used her teeth to hold it steady inside of her mouth. Then her tongue battered the clitty back and forth while biting a little harder, or until she heard a soft cry for mercy. Cari was in control. She sensed the woman's urgency and knew Sandra was fully aroused. It was time to show her mistress that she was the best sub who would do anything to satisfy her sexual needs.

Cari moved her teeth back and forth in a grinding fashion and listened to Sandra's pleas. Inspiration was easy to come by and she rammed her long, middle finger to the hilt. Cari was smart enough to curl her finger and rake it across the delicate G-spot, which resulted in more cries and moans of ecstasy. "Dear gawd, that's good. Finger-fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard!"

She released the swollen clitty and began nibbling on the puffy labia. Her finger never stopped pumping in and out of the heated honey-hole and Cari ensured the sensitive spot got raked each time. She managed an upward glance and noticed the woman had a tit in each hand. Sandra cupped her own boobs and used her fingers to caress the erect nipples, brazenly showing the big knobs to the world.

Cari sensed the woman was overdue so she returned her mouth to the engorged clitoris. There was a few seconds of begging and pleading from her lover and then something thick and creamy filled her mouth. Cari swallowed the cum and added another finger when she rammed her hand to the hilt. The woman's hips thrust upward and jerked frantically, as her ass bounced all over the sofa cushion. It was her first womanly experience and Cari was bringing joy to one of the women of her dreams.
