 Fee awoke slowly and stretched out deliciously remembering that today was the day that Gary would return. He'd been away for a week-long business trip and she had missed him terribly. She longed to feel his big strong arms wrapped around her and his hard, warm body pressing close against her own. She slipped out of bed and padded down the hallway to the bathroom.

In the shower the warm water coursed over her small, taut body making her nipples grow hard as her thoughts wandered. Hands soaping her small pert breasts, she absently began to caress the hard nipples, tugging them gently with her fingers. She could feel the heat growing inside her as her hands slid from her flat belly and began exploring her throbbing pussy, her face turned to the warm jet of the shower….

She heard the phone ring as she was patting herself dry with a big fluffy towel and she reached out and lifted the receiver on the third ring.

"Hi Fee, God I've missed you Angel" Gary's sexy voice sent little shivers down her back. He told her he would be flying in later that day and they arranged to meet in a nearby park so they could walk for a while and catch up before they had dinner out.

"Fee, I can't wait to see you, will you do something for me?" he asked, his voice husky with desire.

She assured him she would do anything he wanted.

"Remember the black silk knickers I bought for you before I went away? I want you to put them on right now and promise me you will wear them all day" 

Amused and curious, Fee agreed and put the phone on the side while she found, slipped on the flimsy knickers then returned to the phone.

"Ok Angel" he breathed heavily, "I want you to lay back and close your eyes. Imagine I am there with you, stroking your body and making you stretch. Imagine my fingers rubbing those beautiful nipples and making them hard and erect. My lips tugging and sucking on them hard, making you gasp out loud. Are you imagining it Angel?" he asked.

"Oh God yes Gary" she answered, her fingers kneading and rubbing her stiff nipples.

"Good," he said, "I'm so hard just thinking about you Fee. Imagine my fingers stroking your wet pussy lips, opening you up and probing into your wet hole. I bet your little clitty is all swollen isn't it?"

"Jesus Gary, I'm soaking – I want you now!" she panted as she fingered her aching pussy.

Gary had his stiff dick in his hand as he listened to Fee's heavy breathing. He badly wanted to touch her, to taste her but he would wait, he knew it would be worth the wait.

"I have to go Fee but promise me you will keep the knickers on till we meet?" he asked, "I'll phone you later, keep your mobile with you."

After he hung up Fee continued rubbing and stroking herself, imagining it was Gary licking and sucking her throbbing pussy until soon she came in great surges of pure pleasure. Mindful of her promise she kept the silky knickers on, the thin fabric now damp with her juices, clung seductively to her pussy lips.

After lunch Fee cycled down to the local supermarket for a few groceries. She was wandering around the aisles when her mobile phone rang. It was Gary.

"Hiya Fee" he said, "You still wearing them?" he asked.

"Of course" she whispered; careful to keep her voice down, "Though they are still damp after our little conversation earlier" she laughed.

"Excellent!" Gary purred, "That's just what I wanted to hear, I can almost taste you now. Can you give your pussy a little rub for me?" he begged.

"Gary! I'm at the supermarket" she exclaimed a little louder than she intended. He laughed.

"Ok, then how about pressing your thighs together as you walk, no-one will guess. You know how I love it when you are all slippery and wet." He suggested. Fee began to purposefully squeeze her thighs against each other as she walked making her hips sway and putting pressure on her clitty. She could feel the wetness seeping through her knickers as she whispered to Gary on the phone. She was sure that people could tell what she was up to but this only made her feel more excited, her pussy was throbbing.

By the time she reached home she just couldn't wait to come again. The cycle ride had only fuelled her passion and her knickers were drenched. She kept them on as she satisfied herself once again.

Fee had been in a constant state of arousal all day and by mid afternoon she was preparing to change to get ready for Gary's return. As she stood scanning her wardrobe and deciding what to wear the bedside phone rang.

"Hiya, still hot and wet for me Angel?" he breathed lustily.

"Oh yes Gary but I'm going to have to shower and change, these knickers are soaking." She complained.

"Noooo! That's just what I want Fee. Please, for me, keep them on Angel" he almost shouted.

"You sure?" she asked, puzzled.

"God, yes! More than sure, you should see my dick, it's been as hard as rock all day thinking about you walking around in those cum covered knickers all hot and ready for me" he explained.

Fee laughed, finally understanding his insistence and agreed to keep them on.

She chose a short summer skirt and a thin strappy vest top to wear. She loved to feel the fabric against her bare breasts and she knew Gary would love it.

She arrived at their meeting place in the quiet park; it was their favourite spot by the river. Not many people came here in the early evening and they had made love here many times before.

He was there before she arrived and she flung herself into his open arms when she saw him. He was tanned and looked good, she had missed him terribly. She could feel his hardness and his heat against her as he held her tightly, burying his face into her hair.

"Glad to see you have missed me too." She laughed, wriggling closer to him. He lifted up her chin with his hand and gently kissed her lips gently as he looked deep into her eyes. She kissed him back deeply and passionately.

Quickly glancing round to make sure there was no-one else about, his hands slipped from her face and cupped her breasts, fingers brushing over the already erect nipples. He heard her gasp as he began to gently rub them as he nibbled her smooth throat.

"I need to feel you." he whispered urgently. His hand slipped up her leg and caressed the silky, sodden material of her panties. Her thighs were slippery with her juices as Gary's fingers traced the outline of her swollen pussy lips through the thin sleek fabric and finally pushed it to one side as he slipped his fingers into her wetness.

Fee's senses were swimming as she panted and gasped at his expert fingers, she felt dizzy with lust and her legs impulsively parted to allow him access to her throbbing pussy. He rubbed and kneaded, stroked and caressed her dripping pussy and finally laid her on the soft grass and knelt beside her, looking down at the scene before him. Her skirt pulled up and legs open for him his gaze fell on her soaking crotch, the silk pulled taut against her pussy, her thighs glistening with her moisture. 

"I've been waiting all day for this" he murmured and began to lick his way slowly from her knees, along her quivering thighs to her burning, pulsating, silken wetness. 

He could smell her passion, a deep musky sweet scent that drove him wild. 

He breathed her woman scent deeply into his lungs and rubbed his face against the saturated material. His tongue snaked out and began to lick through the fabric, tasting her, absorbing her as she ground her pulsating cunt against his face. She tasted unbelievable! He couldn't get enough of her.

His hands on her hips gave him some control as he devoured her, licking, nibbling and sucking her into a frenzy. She was making whimpering sounds as her orgasm built, he could feel the tension in her thighs as it swelled inside. Suddenly she cried out and began to tremble and spasm as a huge orgasm ripped through her small body. He held on tight and continued to lick and suck as hot juices seeped from her pulsating pussy and through the sodden fabric of her silky knickers.

"Come for me Angel." He encouraged her, lifting his head to watch the expression on her face.

His swollen dick was almost bursting when he unzipped himself and began to rub it against her. Keeping the soaking knickers on, he pulled them to one side and lubricated his stiff pole with her juices. She felt the bulging head of his dick pushing into her eager cunt and raised her hips to greet him. Oh it felt so good to be home, he thought, as he slid deep inside her, stretching her wide.

"Fuck me hard Gary" she begged. He obliged willingly, slowly fucking her deep and hard. Her legs desperately tried to wrap around him as he thrusted into her greedy pussy, her muscles pulling him deeper. He could feel his own orgasm building, rising from deep inside, making him swell and as his pace quickened he felt the eruption. The feeling was so intense as hot cum spurted from his throbbing dick, convulsing him as he came long and hard. She could feel the spasms as his hot seed spurted inside her and he moaned loudly. Gary pulled out of her twitching pussy and aimed the last few spurts onto Fee's black silk knickers and sighed contentedly.

Yes, it was good to be home.