 Chapter 1: The Party pt 1.

Steve's last, and least favorite class of the week, public speaking 101 had gotten out early and so with nothing else to do he headed home. It still didn't feel like home as Steve pulled his car into the four car garage attached to the huge house where he had lived for almost three years now.

Steve had grown up with his mom, Claire. He never knew his Dad and had spent most of his life that he could remember living in apartments. But his mom had met and married a successful attorney, Richard Warner, and now he was living in a manner of luxury he had long ago given up hope of experiencing.

Steve was a freshman at the local college, though smart enough to get into plenty of universities he had decided to stay at home and commute. He had always been painfully shy, and had very few friends growing up. Being poor never helped, and by the time he was no longer poor, he had gotten used to being part of the out crowd, not that it was a crowd. In college things were much the same as they had been in high school. Commuting Steve didn't really get to know very many people, and being the introvert he had never even considered getting involved with a frat or a club.

Physically he was a little over 6 feet tall and had a slender build. He had shaggy brown hair and blue eyes. As if the marriage was not a big enough adjustment, two of Richard's children from previous relationships lived at the house too. Steve's new step-sisters, Isabel and Kimberly, had different mothers themselves. Isabel was the older sister, who was a sophomore at the same college as Steve, but couldn't have been more different. She was 5 feet 2 inches with wavy brown hair. She had short toned legs that ended in a great bubble ass, that though big, was not fat, as she ran and worked out at the gym on a regular basis. He stomach was flat leading up to modest B-cup breasts. Her face resembled her mom's beautiful Italian heritage. Isabel, was never shy growing up, and with the combination of here looks and her Dad's money had always been popular. In fact she found herself at the local Jr. college not because her Dad couldn't afford a better school, but it was the only place she could get into.

Kimberly was much the opposite of her half-sister. She was tall, around 5 feet 10 inches and had straight light brown hair. But where her sister was curvy, Kimberly was skinny, weighing only 105 pounds. She did have long legs and a flat stomach, but her but was flat and her chest was even flatter if that was possible. She had a pretty face, but she never wore make-up, and refused contacts finding her glasses more convenient. And where Isabel had always been more concerned with friends and fun, Kimberly was a straight A student (except for P.E.), who had very few friends. She was a senior in High School who had just celebrated her 18th birthday last week. Right now all she was concerned about was hearing back from the colleges she had applied to. Though shy and reserved she longed to get away from home.

"Kids! Get down here," bellowed Richard, "Claire and I need to talk to you." Steve, Isabel and Kimberley all made their way to where their parents were waiting for them in the living room. "We wanted to let you know that coming up in March Claire and I are going to go on the honeymoon we had talked about, but never found the time. So we'll be spending about 3 weeks in France and Europe. You are all adults now so you'll be in charge the of the place. We trust you to be responsible."

***MARCH***

Kimberly came home to find Isabel and her friends all over at the house. Music was playing loudly, and there were beers all over the house. Even though she and Isabel were sisters, well half sisters who had lived together the past ten years, and she genuinely cared for her sister, things like this really angered her. Their Dad goes out of town and the first night all her stupid friends are over drinking and who knows what else.

"Where's Isabel?" Kimberly asks some guy she has never seen before.

"I have no idea, check the kitchen."

Isabel was in the game room playing pool with her three best friends, Mary, Nicole, and Sammy, along with her boyfriend Josh and one of Josh's roommates. The four girls had been friends throughout high school. Mary was a very large breasted brunette. Nicole was your typical perfect blonde, and nobody was really sure what Sammy's real hair color was, but right now it was died a dark red which offset her pale skin. She was currently taking a shot, bending over in front of Josh's roommate to make sure he got a good glimpse of her ass in the short skirt she was wearing. Josh and Isabel were dating though neither of them was very loyal to the other.

"Hey there you are Isabel, some little girl is looking for you. She looks pretty pissed off," said one of the guys Kimberly had talked to.

"Shit, she's gonna ruin everything", said Josh. "Do you think she would call the cops or your parents?"

"Probably, she never wants to have any fun, anybody have any ideas how to get her to calm down? Maybe bribe her?" wondered Isabel.

"She's always checking out Josh, maybe he should fuck her, that ought to relax her," joked Nicole.

"Shut up Nicole", replied Isabel.

"What you're always pretty relaxed after you two disappear for a bit."

"Then just flirt with her, Josh. You know, talk to her for bit, maybe that will put her into a good mood and she won't mind the people over. That would be cool right Isabel?" said Mary.

"I guess, but it's a little weird," said Isabel. "Just make sure its only flirting, okay", she said to Josh as she walked up and gave him a long slow kiss. "You wouldn't want me to be mad at you the whole time when my parents are gone would you?" Just then Kimberly walked into the room and up to Isabel, "You know we weren't supposed to have any parties, anyway I have homework to do and how can I study with all these people over".

"Hey Kimberly," Josh said smiling. "Sorry about this, but Isabel just invited the girls and I over to hang out and I brought my roommate and apparently he thought it was a party and called a bunch of people."

"Oh, well, uh...um...I didn't know that. Still..."

"So what class do you have homework in?" said Josh interrupting her.

"Oh AP Chemistry."

"With Mr. Corban. I ended up with a 5 on that test, what chapter was you guys studying, I miss Chem. Maybe I could help you finish it real quick?" Said Josh.

"Okay, thanks, I didn't know you took AP classes in high school."

"Yeah, not all of us barely made it out of High School". Kimberly smiled at this knowing Isabel barely graduated. "Come show me your homework", said Josh.

"It's in my room let me go get it," replied Kimberly clearly excited that Josh was paying attention to her. She took off to get her book and notebook thinking she would bring it back downstairs, but Josh followed her up the stairs so when she found the book and turned around Josh was standing in the room.

"Oh, I thought I would bring it down to you".

"Yeah, but its noisy down there and I've never seen your room. Its cool, like you. You know I wish Isabel was more like you. You know read books and cared about more than parting and shopping."

Kimberly was speechless. She knew she was blushing. She had fantasized about Josh plenty, but never dreamed he would be interested in her. Now she wished she was wearing something more attractive. She had on jeans that were tight, (or as tight as could be with her body) and a large Yale sweatshirt, (her number choice for colleges). Her hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail and like normal she was wearing her glasses.

Josh then shocked her when he stepped forward and kissed her. She had kissed exactly one boy her entire life, when she was in 7th grade at the end of the year dance. It was nothing like this as she felt Josh tongue begin to play with hers. As they continued to kiss she felt Josh's hands on her hips begin to move around to touch her ass. He started to grab and caress her ass as they made out. He then stopped and started to kiss her neck. Kimberly let out a soft sigh completely lost in the moment and sensations going through her body. Josh's hands slide up her body and went to fondle her breasts through her sweatshirt but her boobs so small he could not feel them through the thick fabric. So he tried to put a hand under her shirt. At this Kimberly realized what was happening and moved away from Josh.

"Um, I've never done this before and am not sure I'm ready", said Kimberly hoping he would not walk out.

"Oh sorry, I didn't mean to force you or anything, do you want me to go?" asked Josh.

"No, I liked what we were doing, but I don't think I'm ready for sex yet."

"That's okay, we could just fool around, is that cool?"

"I guess, what do you mean?"

"Have you ever given a guy a blowjob?"

"You were my first French kiss, what do you think?"

"Well do you want to try?"

Kimberly was nervous, she had always thought most girls were sluts for giving guys blowjobs, but she didn't want Josh to leave. Him being in her room and kissing her was a dream come true that she did not want to end.

"Yeah, I'll try".

"Okay, just sit on the edge of the bed" Josh instructed Kimberly.

She sat down and Josh walked up to her and slowly undid his pants. He pulled out his cock with was only semi-hard. It was average size. "Okay, just be really gentle. Lick it a little bit to get it wet and put it in your mouth and suck. And don't bite. Teeth are really bad."

Kimberly reached out and lightly touched his cock. She felt it move a little bit. She then lowered her head and licked around the shaft and head. She began to become familiar with it and started to suck on the head. "Can you put more of it in your mouth?" asked Josh. She tried and found about half of it went in her mouth with no problem. Kimberly was actually enjoying herself. What she enjoyed most was hearing Josh moan when she would suck extra hard.

Josh could believe his girlfriend's nerdy sister was sucking his cock, and she was pretty good, especially considering it was her first time. He got an idea. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a set of hand cuffs. He had bought them at a gag store and thought they would be fun to use with Isabel. They weren't real, if you pulled really hard they released, but they looked real enough. 

"Kimberly, can you do me a big favor?" Kimberly stopped sucking, and looked up.

"Can you put these on? Your mouth feels so great, and this will help you not use your hands."

Again, Kimberly didn't really want to do it, but she could not stand saying no to Josh so she simply nodded her consent. John had her stand up, and then handcuffed her hands behind her back. He then helped her to lower herself to her knees. Seeing her there with her hands cuffed behind her back got him really excited and he stuck his cock into her mouth catching her a little off balance. He began to move his cock in and out of her mouth. A couple of times he would get a little excited and put it in too far and cause her to gag a little bit. There was lots of drool and spit and the neck of Kimberly's sweatshirt was wet. Josh knew he was getting close so he pulled away and started to stroke his cock.

"Hold still". He said breathlessly.

While Josh was average his dick size he always had seemed to have large orgasms. And since he knew Isabel's parents were leaving he had made sure to not jack off for the past couple of days. Now he released a huge orgasm. The first huge rope landed right in the middle of her face, starting in the middle of her forehead and trailing down over her glasses and onto her upper lip. He then did something Isabel never would let me do and shot two spurts into her hair. He finished up putting the rest on, in and around her mouth. Kimberly kneeled there shocked at what just happened. She could feel the cum all over her face and in her hair. Josh then started pushing his cock back in her mouth and told her to clean off his dick, which she did, tasting the salty cum,

"That was incredible Kim, I better get downstairs before Isabel comes looking for me. Thanks for being cool". With that he took off leaving Kimberly covered in cum and handcuffed, kneeling on the floor.

Meanwhile...

When Josh left with Kimberly the girls were left alone with Josh's roommate. Isabel and Nicole were talking to each other and Sammy continued to flirt. Currently she was asking him to teach her how to shoot. He was leaning over her with her firm ass pressed against his cock. Her tight short skirt was riding up, exposing the bottom of her ass. She wiggled a little bit and smiled as the roommate groaned. She knew he was hard, and wanted to tease him a little bit before she grew too horny and took him into a spare room to fuck.

"Keep moving like that and I may have to teach you more than how to play pool", chided the roommate.

"I doubt you could teach me anything," remarked Sammy truthfully. With that she again grinded against his crotch and with a free arm pulled him closer. With no response she grinded a little bit harder wondering if he could back up any of his talk. Then she found out he couldn't as she heard him let out a large exhale.

"Did you just cum?" she asked. "I don't believe she came from that. If I was naked you would have probably shot from across the room. Why don't you look me up when you can last long enough to actually take your dick out."

Humiliated the roommate quickly walked out of the room, hoping nobody would see the wet spot in the front of his pant.

"That was mean", said Isabel. "Josh says he's a cool guy, did you have to make fun of him".

"It's not my fault I was planning on fucking him if he could have lasted more than 2 minutes of flirting. Who am I going to fuck now?

"Do you have to get fucked every party?" asked Nicole.

"No, but I do need to get fucked at least every weekend, sometimes there are no parties", replied Sammy with a smile. "So seriously, who is here that is worth my time?"

"Well I think you already have fucked every guy here, so why don't you pick your favorite," said Isabel. "By the way, did you and Josh ever?".

"I blew him once, but that was back in high school before you two start seeing each other. Are you saying I can have him for the night?"

"No, stay away you slut".

"I know a guy you haven't fucked who's here", chimed in Nicole.

"Who?" replied both and Sammy and Isabel.

"Isabel's step-brother Stuart, or have you and him already gotten it on?"

"You mean king nerdo? No I haven't done anything to him. I have barely said hi to him and I don't think he's ever said even that to me," said Sammy.

Isabel all of a sudden felt protective, "First off his name is Steve. And leave him alone, he's just shy and nervous being around hot girls who are in a grade above him. And he's not a nerd, he's just smart, smart enough to not be stuck in JC, but he has this weird idea that he should pay for most of his education and a JC is all he can afford right now."

Sammy had a big smile on her face, "Is he a virgin?"

"I don't know for sure, but I assume he is, I mean I never see or hear him talking to girls and he doesn't seem like the type of guy who would go to a hooker" replied Isabel.

"So I would be his first, I wonder if that has ever happened? And how bad could he be? There is no way he could cum faster than the roommate. Plus I'll make him eat my pussy so I get something out of it." Said Sammy.

"Sammy be nice, please", said Isabel.

With that Sammy walked around the house to see if Steve was hanging out at the party. She did not see him so she headed towards his room. The door was closed, and without knocking opened the door and walked in.

Steve was startled to see his sister's hot friend Sammy walk into his room."Steve, what's going on?" said Sammy with a big smile on her face. "Why aren't you out at the party?"

"Ahh, hi Samantha," said Steve shyly. "I don't really know anybody".

"You know me right?"

"I guess, but we never really hang out, or talk, or do anything".

"I have a question for you?" Sammy asked him, enjoying Steve's discomfort. It turned her on being in control. "Are you a virgin?"

Steve didn't answer, he just stared at Sammy.

"Well?"

"Is this some sort of joke? Is Isabel playing a joke on me, if so you can leave, and if you really want to know, yes I am." Said Steve with a some anger behind his voice.

"Oh, well its not a joke, and I'm glad you answered that way." Steve stared confused, wondering where this was leading. "So would you want to fuck me?" asked Sammy. Steve again did not respond, only stared. "Yes or no, tell me right now, or I'm leaving and going back to the party," Sammy said staring into his eyes.

"Yes, god yes I want to be with you, you're beautiful, or hot, or whatever is better," stammered Steve.

"Okay then here is the deal. First you have to eat my pussy. After I've cum then we can fuck, but you have to wear a condom, you can never be too careful."

Sammy walked past Steve, turned towards him and pulled up her skirt. She then sat back on the bed and spread her legs. Steve could see her pink panties covering her pussy. She put her legs together, lifted her ass and slid off the panties. She put them under Steve's pillow.

"Those are a souvenir for you, now get down here and get to work." Steve stared at her shaved pussy and with nervous delight got down on his knees, hoping he wouldn't do anything wrong and screw this up. He stuck his tongue out and licked around the edges. "That's a good boy. Get in there and lick it," moaned Sammy. "How do I taste?"

"Incredible Samantha", was all Steve could get in before Sammy pushed his head down into her crotch again. He started licking more and more, putting his tongue inside her pussy. Steve had no idea what he was supposed to be doing so as he licked he listened and anytime he heard Sammy moan he went back to that spot.

"Put a finger inside me," said Sammy. Slowly Steve inserted his index finger. She felt tight on his finger. "Another one, please." Steve could not ever recall her using the word please. "One more," she begged. Steve now had three fingers going in and out of her pussy. "Lick my clit now,". Steve looked up with a confused look, but kept fingering her. "The little nub at the top of the pussy, lick it". Steve went to work on it and immediately heard her moan. He stopped his fingers and licked her clit. "If you stop right now and I will kill you!", spurted Sammy. Steve got the hint and started up his hand and tongue. Sammy started to draw in short breaths. "Faster," she said.

Steve started working his hand and tongue quicker. Her breaths got shorter and shorter until her felt her pussy grow really tight on his hand.

"Oh, my god, that was great. Are you sure you're a virgin? Oh, god, let me catch my breath, " said Sammy with a huge smile on her face. "Now your turn". Sammy reached over and grabbed her purse on the side of the bed. She fumbled around and brought out a condom. "Safety first".

Steve took it from her and turned around a little shy. He took off his shirt first, then his pants and lastly his boxers. Sammy watched him fumbling with the condom. "Is there a problem, do you not know how to put it on?"

"No, it not brain surgery, its just...well it doesn't fit," said Steve turning around. His face was one of extreme disappointment as he thought this was going to ruin his first and maybe only chance to have sex, especially with somebody as sexy as Sammy.

Sammy sat up and stared with an open mouth. She thought her eyes were playing a trick on her because hanging between Steve's legs was the most massive cock she had ever seen, in real life or even in some of the porn she had seen online. It had to be over a foot long.

"Of course it doesn't fit, what are part donkey?"
