 This is a true story of a wonderful girl who came into my life




I was about 25 and single and was a police detective. There were a number of females, mainly wives of colleagues who seemed determined to put a change to my single status. One was Lisa, the wife of a colleague.

I received a phone call from her in which she invited me to her birthday party which was to take place on the next Friday evening. One comment that she made was, "There will be a lot of single girls there."

On Friday evening I was caught up at work and did not leave until after 9.00pm and then went to Lisa's house where the party was in full swing with about a hundred people attending.

I greeted Lisa, handed over her present, grabbed a drink and then made my way around the house and then to the garden. I had been at the party for about thirty minutes, meeting the other guests when a girl caught my eye. She had been sitting by herself during the time I had been there and she appeared to want to join in with everyone but was being ignored. 

She was pretty, having shoulder length brown hair, about 5ft 8inches and slim build.

I approached her and asked if I could get her a drink as she did not have one in her hand and she replied, "Yes, I could do with a vodka and orange," which I collected and handed to her.

I started up a conversation with her and found that she was quite interesting, being a legal secretary and a part-time law student. I then asked her to dance but she refused. I insisted and she said, "I can't dance. I have a gammy leg." I then noticed that her left leg was misshapen. She was wearing a dress. Her name was Moira.

She said that she walked with difficulty and could not possibly dance. However, some slow music was playing so I grabbed her, pulled her to her feet and held her firmly. We then went through the process of dancing, with Moira draping one of her arms around my neck and holding on tight. We moved slowly so that she could retain her footing. Moira started laughing as we moved around and appeared to be enjoying herself. I finally navigated her back to a chair.

"That was fantastic. I have never tried dancing before although I would hardly call that dancing, but it was fun," Moira said. Dancing with Moira really broke the ice with her and she really opened up.

The leg injury was a birth defect, which could not be corrected. It caused her pain at times, particularly when she walked. I felt bad that I might have caused her pain by pulling her up to dance although she said that she had really enjoyed dancing with me.

I sat talking with her for the rest of the evening. I found out that she was 22 years old and lived with her parents. She was visiting with her parents for the birthday party of Lisa, her cousin and she was due to fly out on Sunday, to her home about 1000km away.

I was really enjoying her company and it appeared to be reciprocated. It was getting late. Moira's gammy leg was far from my mind. I thought I was receiving the right vibes from Moira and decided to throw caution to the wind and turned to Moira. "Do you want to fuck?"

"Do you really want to fuck me with my gammy leg?"

"I do not want to fuck your gammy leg."

"I should hope not, but OK."

Moira went to collect her things, saying, "My parents are going to give me hell."

I located Lisa and told her that Moira and I were leaving. "You take care of her. She isn't very experienced," and with that, gave me a kiss on the cheek, saying, "Thanks."

I met Moira outside and lead her to my car. She was slow at making her way but I tried to assist her.

As we were driving away, Moira reached over and grabbed at my crotch where I had a raging hard on. "Did I do that?" Moira asked.

As we drove to my apartment, Moira made it very obvious that she was ready for a fucking. 

At my apartment, we had to ascend two flights of stairs so I walked on her left side, supporting her. When we reached my door, she wrapped both arms around my neck, pulling me down to kiss her. She was a very passionate kisser.

When we went inside, she looked around my apartment, something that other girls had done. I gave her a glass of wine and went to sit on the sofa. Moira remained on her feet and said, "I want to do a strip for you."

She slowly removed her dress, revealing matching blue bra and knickers. She removed her bra and then her knickers, which was a little more difficult for her. She then threw out her arms. "Now that you have seen my body, do you still want to fuck me?"

She had reasonable size tits with dark nipples, a slim waist and a small, neat bush. There were no tan lines on her pale skin. Her left gammy leg was quite obvious but that was not what I was looking at.

I approached her and kissed her.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked.

"You look terrific. I want to taste you," I said.

"What do you mean?"

"Put your fingers in your pussy."

She kept looking straight at me while her hand went to her crotch. She then pulled her hand out. I took it and licked her fingers, tasting her erotic juices. There was an intake of breath from Moira. 

I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, sitting her on the side of the bed. She commenced to undress me.

I pushed her back on the bed and leant over to kiss her. After a long and passionate kiss I broke away and moved down to kiss her nipples. There was a sigh from Moira. I continued on to her naval, running my tongue around it. Moira had both of her hands in my hair. I moved down, at the same time, taking both of her legs and spreading them wide although I was careful with her left leg, before I nipped her clit hood which was peeping out. As I ran my tongue along her pussy, Moira let out a deep sigh.

I continued working away at Moira's pussy until she had a noisy orgasm, at the same time, she pulled at my hair, moving me up to kiss her. 

I was unsure as to how to fuck Moira. I did not know how we could go about it with her gammy leg. I rolled over and pulled Moira over so that she straddled me. She appeared to be comfortable although she took most of her weight on her good leg. I held her and lowered her on to my shaft. She opened her pussy with her hand and then slid down it, again while she released a deep breath. I took her waist and began to lift her, before allowing her to drop down. 

At times, we stopped and rested before continuing on until Moira arrived at her second noisy orgasm. She rested for a while before turning to me. "I have never had a man give me and orgasm and you have given me two. You can fuck me any time you like."

I recovered the glasses of sparkling wine from the living room so that we could continue to sip it in bed. 

Moira rested on my left shoulder, occasionally kissing me. When she had gone quiet. I looked down and saw that she was asleep. I dropped off to sleep shortly after.

During the night, I awoke and found that Moira had rolled on to her side with her back to me. I had a hard on so I entered her from behind, taking hold of her tits with one hand and her clit with the other, allowing me to pull her on to me. Initially, Moira did not move but after a while, she began to push back on to me. We remained in that position with Moira encouraging me to pinch her nipples. She again had a noisy orgasm, remained on her side and dropped off to sleep.

When I awoke in the morning, I rolled over, also waking Moira. She climbed on top of me and kissed me. "I can't believe I have had three orgasms with you."

She said she did not want to fuck right then. I thought perhaps she was experiencing pain in he gammy leg as the result of our fucking. I found out later that this proved to be correct. She got up and went for a pee. I got up and put on a pair of shorts. I took one of my long sleeved dress shirts, giving it to Moira to put on, as I wanted to have coffee with her on the balcony. She went to put on her knickers but I confiscated them. She sat on a stool in the kitchen while I made some coffee and toast. We then moved to the balcony where there were chairs and a small table. The sun was up and it had all the makings of a great day. 

We sat there, small talking away although I noticed that Moira began to get a bit teary. At first, she did not want to tell me why. I moved my chair against her and held her to me.

"You are the first man who has treated me as a whole woman. I have had a few fleeting encounters with men but they did not really want me because of my gammy leg. It is the first time I have spent the night in a man's bed. You are the first man to give me an orgasm. I have often fantasised about a man licking my pussy so when you licked me last night I had an almost instant orgasm although you turned me on by licking my pussy juice from my fingers. You are a sexy devil."

I moved over to kiss her at the same time, moving my hand inside the shirt so I could massage her tits. I moved so I could kiss her tits before I moved out of my chair to kneel before her, opening her legs so that I could access he erotic pussy. I undid the buttons of her shirt, rolling back the shirt so that she was naked.

Moira initially ran her hands through my hair as I worked away. I reached up to massage and pinch her tits. Moira threw back her arms in a sense of abandonment and moaned away until she had another orgasm. She did not close her shirt but left it open so she was naked as she sat back in her chair.

After a while, Moira moved her chair so that she was almost facing me, She leant forward, undid my shorts before pulling them off. She again leant forward, taking my hard on in her mouth and massaging my balls. She discarded her shirt so she was totally naked. Moira worked away and gave me a mind blowing orgasm, taking it all in her mouth.

After recovering, I helped Moira to her feet and picked up the shirt which I threw over her shoulders. I looked around and did not see any spectators to our activities, before I picked up Moira and carried her into the bedroom, placing her on the bed.

"I can't believe that I gave you a blowjob outside when I was naked. I think you are a bad influence on me."

The moral of this story is never ignore a physically handicapped girl. She most certainly will not be intellectually handicapped and may reveal herself to be a surprise packet.

To be continued