 The smell of the pine sap and the sounds of the woods woke her up. Moira sat up in bed, stretched and yawned, the cotton sheets falling from her upper body, sending a rash of chill bumps as the cold, morning air hit her chest, hardening her nipples. She crawled naked from her bed, and moving through the small cabin to the kitchen, she sleepily turned on the gas stove and placed the coffee pot on to boil .

Walking into the main room, she looked out the huge picture window to the lake below, the morning mist making it eerie, a single loon floating in the bay, making its haunting cry. She reached up and grabbed her auburn hair and after twisting it up, reached for a hair clasp and set it up to prepare for her bath. Walking into the bathroom, she turned the pump on and flipped the switch to heat the water up in the tank, smiling to herself as she remembered when the young man had come from town to install it for her.

...It had been last summer, she had finally had it with bathing in the cold, lake water that was pumped up to the cabin. Especially when it was cold, as it was this morning. Taking the boat, she had gone to the resort where she had her car parked, she had asked the owner who would be the one to call if she wanted a hot water tank put in. He had recommended a man named Toivo, who lived a few miles down the road. As most of the residents on the lake not having a phone, she had used the resort phone to set it up for the following day. 

The next day, waking up to the sound of a boat coming towards the dock, she had kneeled on the bed to look out the window to see who had arrived. The man who climbed out of the boat after tying it to the dock was a tall, and very handsome young man, his blonde hair and Nordic good looks put a smile to her face as she quickly dressed. She watched through the front window as he climbed up the embankment to the cabin, carrying his toolbox with no strain at all. The birds and chipmunks making their clatter as he did. She heard his footsteps on the stairs and his strong knock on the door. She approached the door and opened it, 

"Hello, I am Moira, and you must be Toivo?" Her eyes traveled over him, her thoughts turning wicked for just a moment as she imagined his strong arms around her, and she felt herself blush. "Ja, I am Toivo, you wanted a hot water tank installed?" She showed him the bathroom and the back porch where the tank would go. He laid his toolbox down and went out the cabin to retreive the tank. "This tank is only a 25 gallon one, but it should take care of your needs." "Yes, I believe it will do just fine.", Moira replied. "I will let you get to your work, if you need anything, just ask." And after going to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee, she settled into the huge and well worn easy chair in front of the window to read. But hearing him in the bathroom was making it so hard for her to concentrate. She had gotten up several times, just to take a peek at him, his upper body covered in sweat while he worked was making her lick her lips and sigh.

When he was done, he had called for her to come to the bathroom. "Here is the switch to turn on the heater for the tank. You will have to wait at least 20 minutes for it to get totally hot. I hope that isn't an inconvenience." She frowned a bit and bit her lower lip. "20 minutes? Are you sure this will work?" He smiled, showing her perfect, strong teeth and then laughed. "Ja, this will work, I have never had any problems with my work..never. I will wait here if you like to make sure it does work though."

Moira went to the kitchen asking while she went if he would like a cup of coffee. "Coffee will be fine Ma'am." "Please, call me Moira." She laughed at his formality as she poured him a cup and brought it to him. "I shall have to take a bath right away, it will be nice having hot water." She looked at him and smiled as he took the cup and sat down next to the tub. "Go right ahead" he replied, "it won't bother me...if it doesn't bother you." The sexual tension was thick as she stared at him, then bent over to start the water, feeling it run over her fingers..getting hotter. She adjusted the water temperature with the cold, adding a few splashes of lavender oil.

She shivered as she slowly, for his enjoyment, raised her sundress over her head and removed it, after she slipped out of her panties, glancing over at him as he watched. She stepped into the bath, sighing as she sank into the warm aromatic water. She picked up her sea sponge and added some liquid soap rubbing it to get the lather going..she started soaping her arms, chest and shoulders...reaching back to try to get as far down her back as possible before feeling a hand covering hers and removing the sponge from her soapy hand. "Here, let me do that for you" he said huskily as he dipped the sponge into the water and proceeded to wash her back.

"Do you, um, do this often?" She asked, as her eyes closed at the delicious feeling she was starting to get between her thighs. "Only when something interests me..like you do.." his other hand touched her shoulder and squeezed..then traveled down over and cupped her breast, his hand becoming soapy as he caressed it, feeling its fullness and then with his fingers, lightly squeezed her nipple. She arched her back, letting him move his other hand that was holding the sponge slip lower, following the curve of her back. He whispered into her ear, "Lay back and put your feet onto the edge of the tub, I have another way to wash you." She complied, her legs spreading wider as his hand slipped lower, tracing circles over her lower belly and further down. He supported her as his hand found her pussy and his fingers playfully teased her, making her catch her breath and gasp as he touched her growing clit.

She lay her arms across the sides of the tub, leaning back as two of his fingers entered her deeply in one thrust while the other holding the sponge caressed her nipples, the sponge making her nipples tingle. He slowly at first, then a bit faster started to pump his two fingers in and out, then entering a third, which curled up and tickled the inside of her, he continued to run the sponge over her sensitive nipples as her desire built up and with a moan she started to climax, her legs involuntarily squeezing together, biting her lower lip, which was soon covered by his mouth for a deep kiss.

He then held her around her waist and picked her up, making her stand in the tub, her knees shaking and body dripping with the soapy water, he turned her around and taking her hands, had her put them on the wall, "Spread your legs wide.." he said as she heard him quickly fumbling to take his jeans off, kicking them off to the side, his hands then went to her hips...caressing her ass and sliding down to the sides of her thighs, then in between as he spread them even wider and pulled her hips back. She giggled a bit nervously as the thought came into her head, ((I feel like I am being frisked!)), then she moaned deeply as she felt his breath right before she felt his tongue lightly flicking the entrance, curving up, with the tip just entering her soaked pussy. She pushed her ass even further back as he started fucking and licking her with his tongue, his hand reaching around her to rub on her clit, his tongue flicking in and out faster, then lifting his head, he murmered, "Bend over, hold onto the edge of the tub for support." 

She was now totally open for him, her legs and body shook, as he held tighter to her hips and entering her pussy deeper, resumed his manipulations..using his tongue as a cock, twirling deep inside while taking her clit between two fingers and rubbing it, feeling it get hard. He then inserted a thumb deep inside her wet pussy, rolling it around, removed it and without warning pushed it right to the knuckle into her ass, she gasped and then started to relax as he very gently massaged her, the build up inside made her close her eyes tightly, her moans becoming louder then gasping, "Ahh, I want you to fuck me now!." He stepped into the tub and quickly thrust his cock deep inside, her pussy slick with her come, pushing her against the wall, and while holding onto her hands, rammed deeply in and out of her throbbing pussy. 

He kissed then bit the back of her neck, sending more shivers through her body, her moans becoming louder, her nipples being rubbed on the wood of the wall from the pounding of his cock, enhancing the feeling, she felt him tense up and throatily said, "Yes, fuck me hard, I want to feel you come deep inside me" and was rewarded with the hot, pulsing of his come as he spurted deep within her, setting off again another climax of her own, her breathing becoming ragged as she continued to come hard, and removing himself at the end he finished coming on her ass. 

She laid up against the wall, panting heavily and turning her head when she heard him step out of the tub, she watched as he toweled off and dressed. "Thank you for taking care of me...both ways." She smiled and sighed deeply. "Do I need to make an appointment for a check up?" "Ah, no check up needed, but I am sure you will see me again Ma'am." And sinking back into the tub, she listened as he left and said, "Ahh, a hot bath...what a treasure!"... 

She opened her eyes, hearing voices through the open window she looked and tried to see if she could see who was out on the lake, with the fog, it is very hard to tell where the voices were coming from, it could be halfway across the lake for all she knew. 

"Ahh, men out for some fishing..." She smiled as well, hearing a familiar voice... "Toivo.."

To Be Continued...