 A couple weeks ago while my wife was enjoying her nightly bath I decided it was time for some special treatment for her and for myself. As soon as she entered the tub I entered our bedroom and started making the preparations. I lit all the candles I could find, plugged in the heating pad and set it under the covers where I intended on having her lie down. Then I put together all the "other" necessary items to shave her hairy pussy. She enjoys this so much it always ends up a win-win for the two of us.

When she finished her relaxing bath and entered our bedroom, I can only imagine what was going on in her head. When I followed her a few moments later she was sitting in a very seductive pose wearing sexy pink boy shorts and a smile. Hmmm.... I just passed her by and grabbed a blindfold, then returned to find her lying on her back enticing me with her hot body. My wife of fourteen years is only five foot two and 105 pounds. After two children she still has an hourglass figure. Of course, it's not a hard body like it used to be, but she still turns heads.

As I approached, she opened her eyes then lifted her head when she saw what I had in mind. Once the blindfold was securely in place, I gently persuaded her boy shorts off her sexy ass then gently guided her to stand and moved her into position, face down on the bed with pillows under her hips and the hot pad to keep her upper body warm. She let out a low moan as she felt the comfort and heat from my preparations.

I turned on the sex music, which is nothing more than some very relaxing type massage music. Then I filled the mixing bowl with steaming hot water, grabbed the shaving cream and a wash cloth and headed for her pussy. When I exposed her rear end she spread her legs, but being the conservative woman she is, she didn't spread them as far as she could, nor as far as I needed them to be in order for me to perform at my best. So I firmly grabbed each ankle and gently spread her apart to my liking.

There it lay. Pink lips, already moist and swollen with anticipation. Nothing gets her wetter than anticipation. And nothing gets me harder than seeing her wet with anticipation. It makes me feel like a stud. It's amazing what love can do.

With the candles burning letting out a soft glow (which she can't see anyway) and the music setting the tone, I lathered one side of her hairy snatch and began lovingly and slowly running the razor across her nether regions. Of course I kept my fingers from doing anything of a sexual nature, as this was more of a business type act than a sexual act. Yeah right! Every time my free hand moved on her lips I could see her moisten that much more. As I finished with one side, I soaked the wash cloth in the steaming hot water and rinsed that newly shaven half a pussy then rinsed it again and laid it right on her snatch and covering her beautiful little brown eye too. As I let it heat her up, I softly applied pressure to the wash cloth and gave a light rub against her pussy just to keep her interested. Once I removed the cloth, I took a close finger inspection of my handiwork to feel any leftover hairs. I couldn't feel any with my fingers, so I gently ran the very tip of my tongue across the clean shaven area and found a couple that didn't quite get clipped close enough. So I put the shaver to use again and took care of them. A quick finger inspection told me I could move on to the other side.

After changing the water I continued with the same procedure on the remaining side of her exposed pussy. Do you know how hard it is to look at a freshly shaven pussy, one that you have just shaved, and not dive in? It was a true test of willpower at this point not to just say forget the other side and slam my dick in there as far and fast as I could. But I managed to make it through the entire other side for its final tongue inspection, which it passed the first time. So I then cleaned her really well with steaming hot water on the cloth, which only contributed to her wetness. Then I knelt on the bed next to her head and massaged her ass cheeks then moving my hands to her wet pussy while I slowly moved my cock closer to her mouth. I knew she couldn't see my dick because of the blindfold but she could sense it was there. She stuck out her tongue as I slipped a finger into her dripping snatch and as I massaged her inner lips she licked the pre-cum from the head of my dick. I let her swallow a bit more as I stuffed another finger in her eager beaver the I pulled my dick from her mouth and she immediately started kissing and nuzzling my balls.

I could only take so much of that before I blew it, so I rolled her onto her back and trimmed up the front portion while leaving a bit of hair up top just for her comfort. I did trim it enough to see the beauty mark, which I had forgotten she even had. After cleaning her once again, I put away all the "stuff" and then lightly ran my tongue over her entire pussy from stem to stern.

I stopped for a moment and filled my fingers with butt lube then went back to lightly licking my handiwork, while massaging the lube into and around her asshole. There has never been any butt sex, however she really enjoys having her anus massaged and even a bit of penetration. As I am doing this she is squirming and wiggling and bucking and just keeps herself from orgasm as she says "Are you trying to make me cum quick?" I don't say anything, just slowly run my tongue the entire length of her body until it is at her face and the tip of my engorged and dripping cock is just ever so lightly touching her quivering pussy lips.

I lightly lick her lips and make her remain still while I hold her arms above her head on the bed. She wraps her legs around my back and tries to force me into her begging cunt but I resist, just giving her the bell.

After a few agonizing seconds of this teasing action it's all I can take and quickly ram my dick into her pussy and hold us both still as we enjoy the heat from each other's bodies and bask in the pleasure of being united in sex. I then move into a position where I can reach her asshole to continue the brown eye massage. This drives her wild and she begins to move her hips like the teenage cheerleader she once was, and I hang on for the ride the entire time letting my finger explore more and deeper parts of her tight little asshole.

As she begins her heavenly orgasm, she tries to push my arm away so I will remove my finger but I let her know with my body language that my finger ain't going anywhere except maybe a little deeper. She gives up and continues to moan in ecstasy as I pump my huge load of cum deep in her wetness ... it may be time for another shave.