 What happens when a repressed slut leaves home, goes to college in the big city and gradually becomes the complete nympho she's always wanted to be? Well, that's what I'm here to write about. I've turned into a complete fucking whore over the last year and I have no regrets about it. Not yet, anyway.

Here's what you should know about me. Molly Roxxoff is not my real name, of course. My real name is none of your business. What is your business is that I was 19 when this particular encounter took place. I'm 5-foot-7, with shoulder-length brown hair and brown eyes, and sharp Eastern European features. I'd say I'm fairly pretty, but I'm not really sure what celeb I'd compare myself too. One of my mom's friends thinks my face reminds her of a much younger Sandra Bullock. That's o.k., I guess.

But my body is my real main attraction. If you looked up "built for fucking" on Google, I'd like to think I'd be one of the first results. I have natural 36DD tits, a 28-inch waist and a 36-inch ass. I can't remember the last time I was with a guy who didn't want to fuck my tits, which is fine with me because I love a good titty-fucking. I also love a good mouth-fucking, pussy-fucking and ass-fucking. Pretty much any kind of fucking, really. Probably not in the ear.

My turnons are pretty cliche, I guess. I love big cocks, I love anal play (giving and receiving) and I really, really love cum. I love making guys cum, I love their reactions and watching it shoot. I love how appreciative they are when I let them cum on my face or in my mouth, especially when I order them to do it. I'm just you're basic big-titted cumslut.

I didn't really slut it up too much in high school because I didn't want to get that kind of reputation. I mostly watched a lot of porn in my room and masturbated a lot. I probably love porn than most guys. I learned some of my best tricks from porn.

One fantasy I've had for a long time is sucking a guy off in public. I never quite settled on where to do it until the days when I would commute from home to university on my hometown's commuter train, with a station that has a 6-level parking garage. The first time I parked there, I realized this would be a perfect place to suck off a hot stranger in his car. I figured I'd never act on it but I found myself thinking about it more and more. I even narrowed it down to hitting on an older guy and getting him to pay me for it. I just never encountered the right guy... until the day I did.

It was a Friday evening and I had taken the train home to visit my parents and friends. I was wearing a black tanktop that showed a lot of cleavage, a denim skirt, and 4-inch black open toe heels. My lipstick and nail polish were both hot pink. I looked damn good, which was nothing new.

There was a bearded guy who looked to be in his mid-30s in the same train car as me who was eyeing my cleavage pretty hard the whole trip. I never mind that kind of attention, especially from a guy like this. I actually kind of like older guys and this one was pretty good looking.

He got off on the same stop as me and I decided to make my move. My dad wasn't going to come pick me up until I called him anyway so I had time. I followed him to the parking garage elevator, and got off on the 5th floor, same as him. It was just the two of us, and I walked slightly behind him. And then I grabbed his hand.

As he turned, I smiled and said, "Excuse me. I saw how you were looking at me on the train, and I'd like to ask you something. How much money do you have in your wallet?"

He looked confused. "Are you trying to rob me?" he asked.

I laughed. "Fuck, no. But if I like your answer, I think you're really going to like the follow-up question."

He paused and then said, "80 dollars. Now why are you asking?"

I'd been hoping for at least 100, but I really wanted to do this so I said, "How about I suck your cock in your car for those 80 bucks?"

His jaw literally dropped and he stared at me while I just looked at him and smiled. "I'll let you play with my tits, too."

That sealed it. "Fuck it, let's go." he said, I took his hand and my heart raced as he led me to his car. "Drive up to the furthest spot in the top level so we won't get caught." I said as I got in the passenger seat.

He drove up a level and parked far away from any other cars, and then we got in the back seat. He handed over the money and I put it my purse. And then I took off my top and bra and watched his eyes bug out of his head. I started rubbing his cock through his pants as he played with my tits. "You really like them, huh?"

"They're incredible," he said. I felt him get really hard, really quickly, so I undid his belt, unzipped him and pulled down his pants and boxers. His cock was quite nice! Maybe 7 inches, good thickness, nice heavy balls, although hairier than I like.

"Mmm nice cock." I purred as I stroked him. His immediately started leaking precum, and that was my cue to lean over and swirl my tongue around the tip to taste his salty bounty. He groaned and continued to paw at my boobs while I licked him from tip to balls and back up again.

"You really leak a lot of precum." I said, smacking my lips. "Do you cum a lot, too?"

"Actually, yeah." he replied. "About 3 times as much as the average guy. I've measured."

I smiled and said, "Good think I'm a total cumslut." And then I took his cock in my mouth and began my famous Molly blowjob - sloppy, loud, and with lots of moaning. I slurped wet and loud on the top half of his meaty cock while I jerked the bottom half and massaged his heavy sac.

At this point, I remembered I had forgotten something important. I stopped and reached in my purse to grab my iPhone. I started video recording and put it in his right hand. "Record this so I can watch it later." (I have a collection.)

He held the phone down where there was the best view of my sucking, licking and spitting on his cock. Sometimes I looked into the camera and said things like, "I love sucking nice big cocks like this one."

I figured there was no way this guy could last 10 minutes, but I was wrong. As I gave my mouth a break while I tongued his musky balls, I thought it must have been at least 15 minutes by this point. I couldn't remember the last time a guy lasted this long in my mouth except when I was trying to make it last.

While I squeezed my tits around his cock and moved them up and down, I asked "Are you gonna cum for me?" I asked. "Tell me how I can make you cum."

"Um, well... if you played with my ass while you sucked me, that would feel amazing." he said with a nervous smirk.

My eyes lit up. "Oooh! I love when guys let me do that!" While I wet my finger in my mouth, he shifted a little on the seat to give me access. I started giving him some great deep throat action with lots of gagging as stroked his little starfish with my wet finger. He moaned and his cock jerked in mouth. Mmmm, he DID like that!

Sucking harder, faster, now. Wiggling the tip of my finger into his butthole as he bucked his hips to drive his cock deeper in my mouth. He groaned, "Push it in deeper. Ohhhh fuck."

I followed his demand and sunk my finger deep in his ass and that's what pushed him over the edge. "Ohhh I'm gonna cum so fuckin' hard!"

I pulled away and jerked his spit-wet cock hard while I flicked my tongue on his tip. "Cum for me! Give me that big hot load! And try to keep that phone steady!"

My finger wiggled in his ass, teasing his prostate, when he went off. And holy fuck, did he ever go off! He practically roared like a lion as he shot rope after rope of cum all over my face, splattering my forehead, nose, cheeks and chin, while I caught some other sprays on my tongue. By the seventh or eighth blast I was laughing in disbelief!

When he finally stopped cumming (how many blasts was that? 12) I moaned and rubbed his cock all over my cummy face before I licked his cock clean and then dragged his cum ropes on my face with my finger to my mouth. Luckily he had some tissues in the car so I could clean up before I called my dad.

Before we parted ways, I asked him if he would be interested in doing a webcam show with me sometime. I do cam shows for spending money (about 10 hours a week, around $2,000 per month on average). This time, he wouldn't have to pay because the members would pitch in to pay $500 to watch me get fucked in all my holes by a guy a lot like them before he sprayed one of his big loads all over my face. I promised him his face wouldn't be shown and we exchanged emails. He was still panting in the back seat when I dressed and walked back to the garage elevator, already watching that video on my phone and knowing I'd rub one out in bed tonight to it.