 After School With Jennifer

I got to school a few minutes before my first class. When I walked down the hall I saw Jennifer hanging out near my locker. Kids were scrambling to get to their first period classes before the tardy bell rang. Jennifer came up to me as I was getting my notebook out of my locker and said, "Are you still going to come to my house after school?" 

I looked at her and replied, "Absolutely. I'll be there. I will go around to the back of your house and enter through the kitchen door."

"That will be perfect. Thanks Billy, I'll see you after school." 

I watched her walk away toward her classroom and I thought to myself, "She really knows how to walk to drive a man crazy, and nobody wears a sweater as well as Jennifer. God, she looked good in that red sweater and blue skirt, and her bouncing pony tail was turning me on. I stood there watching her until she turned the corner to walk down another hallway. I hustled to get to my room before the tardy bell rang.

While sitting in my third period class I began to wonder if Jennifer wore that red sweater and blue short skirt to tease me. My teacher got a note from Mrs. Wilson to send me to the counseling office. When I walked in the outer office I noticed Mrs. Wilson bending down to give something to a girl sitting on the bench next to her office. I couldn't believe what a gorgeous ass, and since she was wearing a short skirt I caught a glimpse of her silk lavender panties. When I got close to them she was standing straighter and I stopped just behind her waiting for her to finish her comment and to send the girl back to her class. The girl got up to leave and Mrs. Wilson turned to greet me, but I was standing so close to her that when she turned to greet me her breasts rubbed across my chest. She moved back a step and I saw her cheeks redden slightly, and she said, "Oh, sorry Billy, I didn't know you were standing so close." Then a sweet little smile passed across her lips, and I saw her bite her lower lip, a sign to me that she enjoyed it. 

I smiled and said, "No reason to be sorry Mrs. Wilson. Actually I liked feeling your body rubbing against my chest."

"Billy, I've never had a counselee as open and as outspoken as you. It's rather refreshing to hear someone say what they feel and experience, and if I was as truthful as you, I should've confessed I enjoyed brushing against you as well."

"I called you in because I saw you taking with Jennifer yesterday and again this morning. Are you two hooking up again?"

"No, well not that I know. Jennifer approached me yesterday when she came out of Mr. Wilson's office and asked if I could stay after school so she could talk with me. I told her I had promised my mom to come home after school and couldn't do it today. I told Jennifer I would see if I could stay the next day. This morning I told her I could talk with her after school and she wanted me to come to her house to talk. I told her I would go to her house immediately after school."

"I see. Do you want to hook up with Jennifer again?" I'm not sure Mrs. Wilson. I have another girlfriend now and we get along very well. I'm not sure if I can trust Jennifer again, but she is damn pretty and we sure enjoyed some good sex together. I'm both willing and curious to hear what she wants to say to me."

I believe you are aware that my husband is Jennifer's counselor."

"Really! I didn't know you and Mr. Wilson were married. Wow! I would have never guessed. How long have you been married to him?"

"Ten years."

"Wow! That's crazy! Do you have any kids?"

"No, had an illness that prevented us from having kids."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I think you would have made a wonderful mother. You are so caring for others."

"Thank you Billy, I appreciate that."

"I would never have pictured you and Mr. Wilson together."

"Now about this afternoon, she has invited you to her house with no parent present. Don't you think that might be risky Billy. Don't you think you should have chosen a place where other people gather?"

Mrs. Wilson got up to get something off her desk and then returned. Both of her feet were spread apart as she flipped through some pages that were attached by a staple. Her pencil slipped from her fingers landing on top of her skirt and fell to the floor. She moved her legs further apart and I saw her lavender panties clearly. I bent down on one knee and grabbed the pencil but keeping my eye on her panties. I handed her the pencil. 

She said, "Thank you Billy. Boy you are quick. You caught that pencil before it hit the floor. You didn't even have to look to catch that pencil. You kept your eyes one me. You're really a sweet guy."

"I was afraid you might stumble trying to catch it and keep hold of all those papers."

"Well, I thank you for your quickness." 

"So, to get back to our conversation, what do you think she wants to tell you?"

"I don't know, but the reason we are meeting at her house she doesn't want anyone to see us talking, especially Matt. So, I agreed to meet her there. She asked me not to use the front door that she would let me in through the kitchen door."

"What would you like for her to say to you Billy?"

"That she's sorry that she embarrassed me and that she sorry for what she did at Jill's house when she had sex with Matt."

"She really hurt you didn't she."

"Yes, she did Mrs. Wilson. But now I have this new girlfriend. Her name is Ginny and she goes to the community college here in town."

"Do you like her? Do you enjoy her company?"

"Yes, I do. She's a wonderful lady."

"Have you had sex with her."

"We've touched and kissed."

"Taking it slowly, are you?

"I suppose so."

"Are you thinking you might want to hookup with Jennifer again?"

"I just want to hear what she has to say, Mrs. Wilson and then I will decide. Since we've broken up and since Matt raped her, I've heard other stories of Jennifer displaying her sexuality in public.

"Be careful Billy, and if you want to talk about what happens today when you meet with Jennifer, come in and I will try to help you clarify and give you my opinion."

"That would be wonderful Mrs. Wilson. I appreciate your caring of me as a person and your desire to help me.

Well, Billy, I don't have any appointments for tomorrow morning and there are no administrative meetings either, so just come in when you feel like talking to me. Here is a pass, just write the period number in the box and show it to your teacher. I'll be waiting for you."

"Thanks Mrs. Wilson."

Then Mrs. Wilson opened her office door and said, "By the way Billy, what is your favorite color?

I replied, "Lavender!"

"I thought it might be lavender. It's a beautiful color and a hard one to try to avoid looking at." 

Mrs. Wilson had a soft smile emerging and then she rode her tongue over her lips and said, "That's my favorite color too."

"Did she see the redness in my cheeks. She just verified that she knew that I had a good look at her lavender panties today."

As I walked out of her office I thought to myself. I think she likes flashing her panties toward me and watching my steady gaze. I wonder if she delights in getting me mentally aroused. It is oblivious she doesn't mind my blunt language and me talking openly about screwing my girlfriends. Maybe she is bored with Mr. Wilson since he can't shoot sperm into her or maybe she isn't getting any action because he can't get a hard penis. I still can't visualize her with Mr. Wilson. She's beautiful and classy, if not right down sexy and Mr. Wilson is over weight and has no personality. I'll have to ask Jennifer about him since Mr. Wilson is her counselor.