 I don't usually get too desperate for sex. Sure, I love it and I'll take as much as anyone else when the timing is right, but I'm not the kind of girl who "needs" it every day. But I have to say, I was getting pretty desperate having not had any in almost four weeks.

A month earlier I'd visited an old friend in Chicago, and we'd had the most wonderful experience, highly charged, very sexy but, alas, only a "ships in the night thing". Difficult to have much more when you're 4,000 miles apart and he's married. Every time I thought about that afternoon with him, I was getting hot and wet. And I was thinking about it a lot.

The first couple of weeks I was back I caught a terrible bout of flu and was laid low. The following week I finally caught up with work (I was way behind) and then, when I was at last ready to go out and find me a nice man who could scratch my itch, I got the credit card bills for my vacation. Now I was grounded also. Life sometimes sucks when you're twenty-seven, single and needing some attention.

My salvation came in the form of Tim, a guy at the office. He's been around for ages—a good guy, kind of quiet but still friendly. I always think it's an awful word to use to describe someone, but "nice" is one of the best ways to describe Tim. Definitely not someone I'd fantasized about. He's a bit older than me, tall, balding (which I don't mind as proves there's plenty of testosterone in him), nice skin, nice goatee and glasses. His body was not fabulous, but obviously looked after and he was always smartly dressed. I knew he had a girlfriend as I'd seen her at work social events. They made a nice couple and she was pretty quiet, like he was. I never really gave him a second look before that day.

"Hi Molly. You don't know anyone might want tickets for a concert tonight do you?" It was an almost wistful voice that approached me at the photocopier. I looked up to see Tim holding a pair of blue and silver tickets. I couldn't help but notice the black writing on the tickets—Jewel was playing that night. My mind raced as my heart jumped at the notion. My luck seemed to be changing.

"Tim. I'd love to go." I smiled. "But I can't afford them. I'm sorry."

He seemed delighted that he'd found someone that was even interested in them. "It's okay Molly. Heidi's had to go out of town on business and I really don't want to go on my own. If you want to go, please, take them. They're yours." He thrust the tickets forward.

My heart was racing as I thought through the options, but I had already pretty much made up my mind. "How about we go together?" I at least tried to make the offer sound innocent!

I liked the way his face lit up at the idea, even if it was a genuinely innocent elation.

I hate the word "victim", but that afternoon I'd already decided that I was going to lead Tim astray, whether he liked it or not. After all, it was only fair that I pay him back for the tickets somehow. Just before we left the office I gave him my address and agreed that he pick me up at seven. That gave me more than enough time to get ready.

At home I inhaled a sandwich and jumped in the shower. For once I decided not to masturbate under the delicious hot spray, a particular favorite of mine. I figured there was a good possibility of some excitement to come and a little pent-up sexual desire never hurt anyone. I guess I also knew from experience that I was more likely to be bolder with Tim if I was desperate for release.

As I dried my bushy hair I looked in the mirror at my (very) full figure, as usual wishing I could lose a few pounds, from the right places of course. Not that I'm much overweight, cuddly around the middle mostly. Certainly I don't get many complaints about my well rounded butt, and none at all about my larger than normal chest. I dried them with some extra care, watching as the nipples sprung and a tingle made its way downward. Mmmmm... I hoped Tim's fingers were in good form later. I stood in front of the mirror much longer than was needed, dabbing my nipples at first, and then twisting them gently between my fingers. Oh man, was I ready for some loving that night!

With only a few minutes to go I slipped into an extra-tight pink shirt, a faded denim skirt and my knee length CFM boots. That's "Come Fuck Me", for anyone in any doubt as to how sexy they look. When the doorbell announced Tim's arrival I slipped on a summer jacket and took a quick final look in the mirror. I wasn't quite dressed to kill, but slightly maiming the opposition was always an advantage.

Tim looked pleased to see me and I noticed his eyes steal an extra look at my chest and boots as I greeted him with a peck on the cheek. All was going according to plan. We made small talk and we both concentrated on other things as we watched the concert. Tim made no move towards me the whole night, obviously a gentleman and not expecting anything but companionship. I wasn't worried. The night was young.

*****

I watched him more closely as we drove home. Firstly, I liked the way he kept his eyes on the road, with only the occasional glance at the top of my boots. There was no point in crashing while looking at a pair of legs you might never get between. He had a nice profile, well-proportioned nose and hands that looked both strong and gentle as he operated the car's controls. As we talked I felt him relax, let go of the fact he was alone with someone who was not his girlfriend, and smile a lot more than I'd seen before. I checked the front of his jeans for any tell-tale signs, but couldn't be sure. I fantasized about allowing my hand to find out for sure and felt that familiar tingle again, the one that made me squirm with enjoyment and anticipation.

Of course he accepted my offer of coffee. Of course I only had instant, no milk that was under seven days old and no cookies to nibble on. He took the coffee and said it tasted good. I think that was a white lie. I put on some Jewel music, appropriately, and joined him on the sofa. Without my flimsy jacket, my shirt was straining to restrain my breasts and I'm sure I caught him trying to look between the buttons a couple of times as he sipped at his coffee. I sat back, relaxed and waited for him to do the same.

He finally started to relax when I got him talking about his girlfriend. After about an hour he offered up that he was really disappointed she had blown him off for the concert. It was her idea and he paid for the tickets. "It's becoming normal for her these days. Her job is getting so important. She's away more and more."

"Do you get lonely?" I know what you're thinking... predictable line from Molly Number 201.

"Sometimes." He tried to shrug it off, gazing far further than the coffee cup he was looking at. "I do okay, but I do miss the things you get together with someone for in the first place."

"Like sex?" And again... predictable line Number 114.

"I guess." I didn't get the reaction I was hoping for. "Sure I miss that, but it's also nice waking up with someone, having dinner with them, or taking a walk in the park on a summer evening."

Oh God, I'd brought home the last romantic when I needed someone to screw my brains out. I had a small silent laugh to myself—desperation was clouding my judgment. I shimmied up close to him and placed a consoling hand on his tight thigh (I love a thigh in denim). "I'm sorry Tim." I tried to combine my best doe-eyed look with my patented come-to-bed eyes. It still didn't look like I was quite getting my message through.

"It's okay." Obviously that combination didn't work too well. "I'll be alright. Thanks so much for coming to the concert with me. I really enjoyed the company." He stood up. He was leaving. Was he blind? Dumb? Both?

I stood up and moved in front of him, my 5'4" having to look up to his 6'2". I reached out for the fingers of his left hand and he smiled... platonically! What does a girl have to do these days?

"Tim," I looked into his deep green eyes as they grew in intensity, finally, "I know you don't have to go home tonight, and I know we could both do with the comfort of another body for a few hours." I kept hold of his fingers and watched his eyes as I slid down to kneel in front of him. "So why don't we both just lose a few of these clothes and see what happens?"

I looked away just as his mouth opened, caused by his jaw dropping. I pulled at his belt and whipped down his zipper before I looked up again. There was the half-smile I'd been looking for. He was human after all. I went back to work, having to fish a little, he obviously hadn't been expecting me! Grabbing his jeans, briefs and belt all in one at each side, I pulled them down a little and let his cock burst free. He was barely hardening, drooping out from his clothing, but moving in the right direction with every heartbeat.

I watched as he twitched a couple of times and I probably licked my lips before I offered a helping hand. I love the feel of a hardening cock, especially one on the fast track to heaven. I gently ran my fingers up and down his elevating length, feeling him strengthening and pulse against the light pressure of my grip. It was only a matter of seconds and he was at full power, pointing upwards and begging for more attention. How could I deny it?

I inched my face towards him and nestled the head of his cock against my cheek, pressing it into me with the palm of my hand. I'm always amazed at how something so powerful can feel so wonderfully soft. I glanced up again to see how I was doing, but Tim's eyes were closed as he gently ran his fingers through my hair, encouraging me the best way he could without the use of his vocal chords—which were temporarily disabled. Inching his clothing down some more, I freed his balls. They were full and ready for attention as I stroked his shaft a little. I noticed one testicle was slightly larger than the other, but all of his intimate parts looked very functional indeed.

I took another look at his cock, a close up, as I ran my fingers tantalizing and soft along his full eight inches. I love the discovery of a new cock and this one was so nice, thick but not bulbous, long but not skinny, and very straight. I'm not fond of bent ones. The head was curved subtly, well defined and looking like it could cut butter. He was also uncircumcised, my favorite, and I noticed it just gently favored his right side as he stood without help, twitching upwards. I gently licked along his length now, pausing to flick my tongue around the rim, before I popped his head into my mouth and massaged it with my tongue. I heard Tim groan as I sucked and felt him gently brush his fingers at my neck and cheek.

I thought about closing my hand tightly over his balls, sucking hard and pumping to his climax, but I didn't want this to be just another blowjob. I wanted my share of this premiere, so I stood up, still holding his cock in my hand, and let him bend down to kiss me. He brought his hand to my left breast and rubbed impatiently through my shirt. I closed my eyes as familiar warm feelings ran all through me. I love having them played with.

Hoping that I didn't need to give him too many more hints, I started to unbutton his shirt. Thankfully he took this one and found the first of my shirt buttons. I finished his buttons then stood back and let him do likewise. He wasted no time in pulling off my shirt and running a finger along the lines of my tight bra. It was my turn to close my eyes and luxuriate as he reached behind me and, without fumbling (don't you just love those moments when it all goes right?), unclip my bra and let my best assets breathe.

"Oh God, they're lovely." Tim whispered as he dipped to kiss them and roll the nipples a little between his teeth.

"Lick me," I commanded, felling a little lost for words as his tongue encouraged my nipples harder and harder.

Next he took my breath away by carefully reaching down to take me by the legs and upper body. He lifted me up and eased me horizontally back onto the sofa. Without a word he pulled off one boot, then the other, after all, they'd served their purpose. I helped by unzipping the skirt but he pulled it off, never taking his eyes from mine, even as he revealed my underwear. Now he smiled and looked down to my damp white g-string and the outline of my increasingly interested pussy.

"You look gorgeous." He licked his lips and ran his fingers up and down my thighs.

I pulled up my knees a bit and opened my legs for Tim to get a better look. He knelt down between my knees and traced a single finger first around my pubic mound and then along the lines of my pussy lips. When he paused around the top of my slit and pushed a tiny bit harder I knew he understood exactly what he was doing and that it was time to give myself up to the night. My innocent date was a hot lover after all.

"You want to taste?" I giggled.

"I can't wait."

Tim pulled my panties from the sides and slid them over my feet. He paused just before his face reached my pussy, almost like he was savoring the aroma, then I felt the wonder of his tongue as it traced up the outside of my pussy lips. Next he ran his expert tongue upwards through the middle of my pussy lips, parting me and encouraging me to widen my legs. I heard a wonderful "slurp" as he found my juices and mixed them with his tongue. Feeling him dip inside me, I was in heaven.

Tim really knew what he was doing down there, running up and down, playing with my clit and plunging as deeply as he could every now and again. Some guys are good with their fingers, a select few have a touch light enough for ultimate pleasure, even fewer like eating pussy with enough technique for a girl to really enjoy it. Tim was good, and obviously liked what he was doing.

As he relentlessly lapped and probed at me I started to feel my tingling nerves and sopping wet pussy get increasingly close to those tell-tale tiny electric shocks that always let me know an orgasm is near. My new lover obviously sensed this and he lifted his head away. I reluctantly let him, knowing I wanted something more than his tongue inside me now.

Tim stood up, kicked off his shoes and pulled off his jeans. I watched as his erection swayed with the movement of his body but continued to point at the ceiling. As he stood there, now naked, he looked down at my open legs and soaked pussy, stroking himself a little as he enjoyed the sight. The vision of his knuckles moving up and down his shaft tipped me over from excitement to desperation.

"Come here." I reached out, took hold of his cock and pulled him closer. God, I was so ready for him. "I need this."

Pulled by my hand, he knelt down in front of me, hooked his hands under my thighs and eased me to the edge of the sofa, my pussy just over the edge of the cushion—wide open and accessible. Tim reached down and felt my swollen wetness with his fingers, then started to guide his cock towards me. I took control, grabbing his shaft and pulling him until his cockhead was pushing against my pussy lips. With one last smile at my face and a look down to where our sexes were about to meet, Tim leaned forward and entered. One long, slow thrust and he was in to the hilt and I was heading to wonderland.

Tim's breath was less controlled now, but he still managed to slowly withdraw his cock until only the head was inside, and then pushed again with a second long slow stroke. I tightened my pussy all around him as he slipped in, watching his face as he closed his eyes and fought to control his urge to speed up. The sensation was truly awesome, the position and the sofa pulled my pussy tight lengthwise and the pubic hair above his cock pressed against my clit when he thrust, sending incredible sensations all around my body. I was well on the way to my first scream when he reached up and started kneading my boobs. In a desperate act of retaliation I reached down and cupped his balls, feeling that they had retracted and hardened as his moment approached also.

He obviously couldn't hold on any longer and as I squeezed his balls as hard as I dared I felt his fingers reach for my clit. The explosion was one of the most intense I've ever known. My muscles literally pulled all of my weight around Tim's cock as the fireworks in my head started going off and every nerve in my body came alive with an intense electric pulse that repeated time after time.

My climax seemed to go on forever and in the middle of it Tim tensed for a moment, grimaced, and then continued to ease his juice out with gentle strokes, his cock spurting wildly inside me as he breathed, "Oh my God Molly" over and over. When I felt his balls slacken a little I let go and he slumped against my shoulder. It was only when his hand left my nipple that I realized he'd not let go, all through my orgasm.

In the background somewhere Jewel was quietly singing "Down So Long". When we were both done Tim pulled me to him and nuzzled my neck. "Fuck me," he said with a breathy voice.

"I just did." was my terribly obvious reply.

*****

We made it to bed not long after that, playfully and full of the contentment great spontaneous sex brings. Our kissing became more and more passionate and we soon found ourselves kneeling in front of each other, playing and teasing and I'm sure trying to take each other higher than the other. He played with my clit with one hand, my breasts with another and occasionally dipped his head to suck one of my nipples. I played with his cock and cupped his balls with varying pressure while I watched his face and tried to match his pleasure to my own.

When I decided it was time for him I quickened my hand and lightened the pressure on his cock, still squeezing his balls gently. When I knew he was coming I slowed to a barely moving but firmer hand and enjoyed seeing the spurt I had been denied earlier. I felt his hot come splash on my arm, he tweaked my nipple one final time and that familiar feeling of a new orgasm started to wash over me. It was fantastic.

*****

There was no awkwardness as we woke up and got ready to go our separate ways. Tim smiled and joined me in the shower for a final quickie before we made coffee and drank it in his car on the way to the office. We both respected what the moment was, the fun it had been and the complications there could be if we went any further.

Tim went back to his girlfriend, who obviously didn't know what she was missing, and I had scratched the itch that needed scratching. Tim would never look like Superman around the office, but now I knew what his super powers were and could watch him and remember our night together. He was honorable enough never to start any rumors about us and never show me any unwanted attentions, so I hope he felt the same way about our special night. I watched him in a meeting once, as he concentrated on something or other and his tongue ran around his lips unconsciously. "Mmmmm," I thought, "I know what that can do!"