 10,000 Euros. The sum seemed extraordinary, but that's what Molly needed to get back home. 

Molly Xiu was an attractive, bright, co-ed attending Houston University. Barely 19, she had a petite, yet sexy figure. She was 5'0 flat, and had a modest chest, as most Asian women did, but a plump, ripe ass that was to die for, toned by many years playing Frisbee. She was eyecandy on a stick. 

Molly was just entering her junior in college. However, prior to this summer, she'd applied for a travel grant to study music in Germany and Austria, and to her surprise, she'd won. The grant was extremely generous, and paid for food, housing, and even a weekly stipend. However, paying for travel was up to Molly.

That was the problem. Molly hadn't anticipated how expensive Europe would be. She'd only been there two weeks, and was already out of money. With one week left in her trip, Molly needed to raise 10,000 Euros to get back home. She needed to fly to Bonn, and then to Madrid, then to Baltimore, and finally, back into Houston. Accounting for plane tickets, food, and hotels, the trip home would cost about 10,000 Euros. She couldn't ask her parents for money, not only would it be highly embarrassing, but there was no way they could afford it. She couldn't ask the school for more money, as they'd been more than generous with funding for her trip already. She'd have to earn her money. With just one week left in Germany, there was no way she'd be able to get a job, let alone earn that enormous sum in just one week. This left Molly with only one option; prostitution. 

Prostitution was legal in Germany. Hell, it was extremely legal. There were hotels set up just for that purpose that housed prostitutes and their pimps. Coincidentally, it was especially popular in Berlin. People of all classes frequented the whore houses. For the working class, it was a good way to relieve some stress after a long day's work. For the wealthier, getting your boss a high class whore was a great way to climb the corporate latter. Even for Germany's elite, lobbyists frequently gifted senators with beautiful girls, and many laws had been passed in the bedroom before they'd gotten to the floor of the Bundestag. It was also extremely easy, and surprisingly safe to become a licensed prostitute. All Molly had needed to do was go to the local seat of government, get her passport copied, filled out a few forms, paid a one-time fee, and easy as that, she was officially listed among the working girls of Europe. 

Surprisingly, it hadn't taken Molly that much time to get used to the idea. She liked sex. She really liked sex. Having foregone dating in high school, and only having had one boyfriend freshman year, Molly's introduction to sex was quick, but explosive. She quickly fell in love with having her cunt pounded into oblivion. She'd masturbated a lot before, but it hadn't prepared her for how good the real thing felt. How amazing it felt to be filled to the brim with cock, how painfully sweet it felt to have a particularly big one hit her cervix. It gave her such a deliciously good feeling in all the right places. Part of the reason she and Alex had broken up was because she was too demanding in the bedroom. She'd wanted to explore every avenue sex had to offer, and he had neither the stamina nor desire to match her sex drive. After their mutual breakup, Molly began to really explore the bounds of her sexuality. She started going on more blind dates, using the University matching site. Molly wasn't interested in a relationship, she just wanted sex.

The casual sex was great. She'd been on enough "dates" that she had a whole system down. She'd show up, scout them out, and if she wanted to fuck them, she'd level with them about 15 minutes into the date and take them back to her room. She didn't like doing the walk of shame, as she had a reputation to keep up. Additionally, she had fun "toys" in her room. She had a variety of ropes, chains, and cuffs that she loved to use. She loved BDSM, and loved being on both the giving and receiving side of domination. She loved being tied up and blindfolded, and at the complete mercy of her lover. Being so helplessly overpowered made her extremely wet. She also loved bringing a guy to the edge just to bring him back down. She loved having men beg her for release, promising anything if she would just let them cum. She also had a variety of vibrators dildos for more traditional fun. One her favorite uses of them was to start with a small dildo already in her while on a date, and slowly pull up her dress and publicly fuck herself with her date watching. 

Throughout her two years thus far at Rice, Molly had fucked about half the football team, nearly all of the boys in her dorm, several janitors, and even a professor or two. She loved to be fucked, so why not get paid for it? Prostitution just made sense for her.

She'd brought some revealing clothes with her to Europe for the clubs, but hadn't brought any slutty enough for what she was about to undertake. She spent her last few dollars on a pair of black leather knee high boots, some white lace lingerie, and a two piece white swooping top and miniskirt number, both of which offered barely any coverage at all.

All Molly needed to do was figure out where she would go. She had a few options. The first was her room, which would be simple enough, but also extremely risky. She could also go to an Eros Hotel, made especially for hookers, but at the cost of 80 euros a night, it didn't make sense. Finally, she could go to a "sex drive-in". A walled off booth where anyone could pull in, and they'd have complete privacy while they fucked in the car. This option seemed to make the most sense to Molly. She found the website of the closest one, booked the night, and proceeded to put her information down. 

"Molly. English speaker only. 25 for oral, 100 for sex. 250 for the night. Protection a must!" 

There was also an option to add pictures. Molly picked an outfit of black leather knee high boots and nothing else. She set her iPhone to timer shot, began to shoot. She began with a full body picture of her naked, with a look of surprise on her face as though she'd just been caught doing something naughty. She then moved to the bed and spread her legs, inserting a finger into herself, and then sucking on it in the next photo. Finally, she turned over and got into doggy style, showing her glorious ass, and her pink pussy, ready to be ravaged. 

There, done. Molly took a quick shower, did her makeup, and changed into her streetwalker clothes. 'Damn', she thought, as she looked at herself in the mirror. The swooping top showed off her toned midriff, while leading the eyes to her skirt. It hung loosely over her breasts, with the white lace creating a very sexy compliment. The skirt cut off just above her ass, with her little pussy covered by her lacey thong visible at the slightest gust of wind. She looked absolutely stunning. She grabbed her purse, and walked over to the drive-in, wet with anticipation, and waited for her first night of prostitution to begin.