 Molly needs to raise money to return home from Europe, and turns to prostitution.

Molly didn't have to wait long, as soon a black Volkswagen pulled up to her stall. The driver was an older man, possibly in his early 40's, but good looking nonetheless. He lowered his window, and beckoned her over. Molly smiled, nervous about turning her first trick, but also hornier than she'd ever been in her life. She sauntered over, making sure to give him an eyeful of all the goods. She leaned down to the window, keeping her back curved and her ass up, making sure he could see right down her top. 

"Hi handsome," said Molly flirtatiously. She knew enough to not ask for names in this business.

"Hi, you new around here?" He responded in rough English.

"Yes, this is my first trick," she said, "but I promise I have experience" she said, winking as she reached down to start stroking him through his pants. She could feel him getting hard in response to her attention. 

"Well you've got me convinced. Hop in the back and I'll pull in." Molly happily complied; excited she'd hooked a client on her first try. He pulled into her stall, giving them relative privacy, then came back to join her.

"So, what'll it be?" Molly asked innocently as she reached down for his cock again. 

"Gimme the works honey, I'm gonna fuck you bowlegged." He said as he handed her a 100 Euro note. Molly quickly slipped it into her purse, thrilled to be making money. She quickly undid her top, then moved to his lap, and began passionately kissing him as she started unzipping his pants. He kissed her back enthusiastically, pulling off her miniskirt and romper, and feeling her luscious ass.

Molly could tell by his kissing that he was an experienced lover. This was a pleasant surprise for her, as she relished the thought of being taken by someone with more maturity than a fumbling college guy. As she pulled his underwear off, she felt his girth and moaned. There was nothing Molly loved more than being taken by a monster cock. She dropped to her knees and started sucking him off, loving the feeling of him hardening in her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down, using her tongue to make circles around the head of his cock, while vigorously jacking him off with one hand, while working her pussy with the other. 

Her client groaned as he felt this petite Asian girl give him the best blowjob he'd ever had. He reached down and started massaging her breasts, eliciting moans of pleasure from Molly. She started taking more and more of him, eventually getting all the way down to the base. She badly wanted to make him cum; there was nothing she liked more than swallowing hot jizz, but if she made him cum now she wasn't sure he'd last for sex. She released her head, and quickly grabbed a condom from her purse. She winked at him, then tore it open and put the condom in her mouth like a piece of gum. In one quick motion, she deepthroated him, applying the condom with her mouth. 

"Are you ready baby?" she cooed as she lay back on the seat and spread her legs, wet with anticipation. 

"Oh fuck yeah." He leaned over ontop of her, and thrust into her in one motion.

"Oh God!" Molly screamed, as she felt his dick bottom out inside her. He kept thrusting, coming all the way out before ramming himself all the way back inside. Molly felt amazing. His cock was hitting her in all the right places, and she could feel her stomach tighten as pleasure washed over her. She grabbed his back trying to pull him deeper inside her, and hooked her legs around his thighs to try and get more of that delicious feeling. This only spurred her client on, as he began fucking her even harder. He could feel Molly's tight pussy all around his cock, wanting to milk him of all of his cum. He could feel her contractions get more and more erratic as she got closer to cumming. Molly began clawing at the back of her lover, leaving marks as she went crazy with pleasure

"Hurt me with that cock" she begged. Molly began to squeeze her pussy around his cock every time he thrust, eliciting pleasurable grunts from her lover. Molly could feel his pace become more erratic. He was close, so close to defiling this sexy American tourist. He grabbed her legs and put them over his shoulders, allowing for maximum penetration as they hit the final stretch 

"Fuck me" moaned Molly, "feels so good" she said almost delirious with pleasure. This was the final straw for her client, as he forcefully entered her one final time, burying his cock as deep inside her young pussy as he could. He let out one loud grunt as he came inside of Molly. Even through the condom, she could feel the force of his orgasm, the force of his cum hitting the top of her cervix, as that incredible feeling triggered her own climax.

"Oh my fucking God!" she screamed as she came along with him. It was the best orgasm she'd ever had. She could feel her walls convulsing all over this strangers dick, milking him of his seed. She moaned as she rode out her orgasm, before finally releasing her clients cock. 

They both lay there, breathing heavily until she broke the silence. 

"Well, I better get back to work." She said, as she slid out from under him, "but come back anytime." She kissed him quickly, then threw on her clothes, grabbed her purse, and left the car, prepared to return to her night of prostitution.