 My Spinning Mind: Jennifer, Mrs. Wilson, & Ginny

I spoke first. "Hi, how you doing Jennifer?"

"Not very well, Billy. The only thing I'm good at is destroying my life. I seem to be doing a good job with that!"

We stepped out of the counseling office and stood there facing one another. Jennifer was holding her binder across her chest. She was looking down, and I waited to see what would happen next. Finally she lifted her head and looked at me. Her eyes were filled with moisture as though she was about to cry. She whispered, "Billy, I'm so sorry". She was fighting back the tears and trying to control her emotions. She began to talk again. "I need to talk with you. I need to try and explain. I'm a mess. I keep screwing everything up. Can you stay after school so I can talk with you?"

"I'm not sure. My mom asked me to come home after school today as soon as possible. I don't know if mom wants me to go somewhere with her or if she just has a job for me to do, I just don't know Jennifer, but I told my mom I would come home as soon as school was dismissed. I don't know if you knew my dad was deployed overseas. He was deployed about the time you broke up with me, but my mom is having a lot of trouble coping."

"Oh, I understand. I'm having trouble coping with life too."

"I will call her Jennifer and see what I can do. Meet me under the clock in the foyer near the front door after your last period class and I will let you know if I need to go home or if we can talk."

I called mom and told her that I talked briefly to Jennifer in the counseling office and that Jennifer wanted to share something with me after school. Mom, I told Jennifer you needed me at home, and I couldn't talk with her after school, but maybe I could tomorrow. 

"Thanks Billy. I'm glad you told her you needed to come home and couldn't talk to her after school. I've been thinking about you all day, and looking at the clock constantly to see how soon my sweet man would be home. I've missed you so much today."

"I've missed you too mom. I'll hurry home as soon as the bell rings at 3:05 p.m."

"Thanks Billy for calling. I will be so excited to see you sweetie."

"Same here mom."

When the bell rang, I went to my locker and shoved my textbooks on the shelf, and grabbed my coat, and closed and locked my locker. When I turned around Jennifer was standing in front of me with an expectant look on her face.

"Can we talk?"

"Not now Jennifer. My mom needs me home as soon as possible."

"She looked panicky and bit her lower lip and hung her head. I touched her arm and said, "I'll see about tomorrow Jennifer, I can't promise you, but I'll see if I can stay tomorrow for awhile. Ok?'

"I need to talk to you Billy. I hope you can talk with me tomorrow. We can walk to my house after school. My mom won't be home and we'll have more privacy to talk there. I need your advice. I feel awful and I don't know what to do."

"Ok, I'll let you know tomorrow. Where's your first period class?"

"I'm in room 103 with Miss Jordan." 

Ok, I'll come by. I will give you a thumb's up if I can talk with you after school, or a thumb's down if I can't. After school I'll meet you at your house. I don't think we should be seen walking to your house together since you're going with Matt."

"Ok, Thanks Billy. I really appreciate your caring."

"Have a good evening Jennifer. See you first period."

"Thanks."

When I opened the front door to go outside I glanced back toward my locker. Jennifer was still looking at me as I left the building. I thought, what could she possibly want to share with me tomorrow."

My mom opened the front door as she saw me walking up the sidewalk. I hurried toward her smiling face. When I stepped through the front door she threw her arms around my neck and said, "Billy, I missed you so much today!" I looked down at her and she reached up to meet my lips. She pressed her lips against mine and her tongue squeezed between my lips, and our tongues danced together. She hugged me and pressed her body into mine.

"Oh, Billy, I love you so much."

"I love you too, mom!"

"I need you to make love to me."

"Oh, Mom, I want to make love to you too."

"I want you to make love to me right NOW!"

She took my hand and turned around guiding me down the hall toward her bedroom.

She stopped before entering her bedroom and turned and looked directly into my eyes. Billy, I don't want you to call me mom anymore. Please call me Virginia or Ginny. We're beginning a new relationship together and the word "mom," just doesn't apply anymore."

"Ok, I understand."

"Good, I thought you would understand."

"I do!

She turned and walked to her bed. "Billy, this is no longer my bed, this is our bed. We are going to sleep together every night and I don't want you wandering back to your room after I go to sleep."

"I don't want to go back to my room either, Ginny. I want to be with you all the time."

"I'm happy to hear that Billy."

"I want us to make a covenant together. Do you understand what a covenant is, Billy?" 

"Yes, God made a covenant between himself and the people of Israel."

"That is correct. Now, I want us to make a covenant with one another and promise we will always love one another and be faithful in our relationship with each other. Will you make that covenant with me Billy? I Ginny make a covenant with Billy to love him forever and to be faithful in that relationship."

She waited.

"Ginny, I promise to love you forever and to be faithful in that relationship, forsaking all other girls and be faithful to you only."

"Oh, Billy, you have made Ginny very happy."

She began to unbutton my shirt. When the last button was released from the fabric, the shirt fell to my sides and she pushed it off my shoulders and then began to lift my t-shirt over my head. Then she unbuckled my belt and pants and pulled them down to my ankles, asking me to step out of them. I was standing in front of her with only my briefs and socks. She rubbed her soft hands over my chest and told me how awesome I looked without clothes. Then she reached down with her hand and cupped my clothed testicles in her hand, and looking at me with a gorgeous smile on her face, she said, "I like how your pack feels in my hand Billy." 

"Thanks Ginny. I like it when you hold my testicles."

"I'm going to slide your underwear down to your toes because I want to feel the real thing!"

"Now, I want you to undress me like I undressed you just now."

"I definitely want to do that."

You don't have to hurry. I want to enjoy each thing you take off me. I pulled the sweater up and over her head and I was greeted with two beautiful, full, and perky boobs. I didn't even have to remove her bra. Ginny sure had a beautiful set of boobs! I put my fingers on her breasts and tweaked each nipple and her nipples popped out and stood tall in the middle of each breast. 

"I liked how you touch me Billy."

"Then I unbuttoned the one button of her skirt and pulled it down around her knees. Then I asked her to step out of the skirt.

She smiles. Then I pulled her panties down around her ankles. I sniffed them and she smiled. 

"Did you enjoy the smell of my panties? Did they smell good to you? Oh, you are turning me on Billy when you suck the cum from my panties."

"Oh Ginny, your wet panties smell delicious to my senses."

"Oh, I like that you're willing to smell them, but to see you sucking on my panties and eating the cum from them makes me really hot for you Billy. Did you think about me Billy and anticipate this evening with me?"

"You are constantly in my mind Ginny."

"I thought of you too Billy and when I am thinking about you I get very warm inside and my sexual chemistry gets hot. I had to masturbate this morning after you left for school."

"I wish I had been here to satisfy you Ginny."

"Me too. Oh, Billy, I wanted you deep inside of me this morning."

"Ginny, I'm going to fuck you right now. Do you want me to enter from your back or do you want me on top of you, or do you want to ride my penis?"

"Billy I want them all. Let's start by you entering me from the back. I want to feel your penis deep inside of me."

She climbed on the bed and lend down on her arms and her sweet ass was directly in front of my eyes. My cock was already hard and I could see that her pussy was wet with moisture. I fingered her pussy and she moaned softly, and said, "Oh, baby, that feels good. Ginny likes what you're doing."

She was really wet and I had a lot of her juice on my hand and I massaged my cock with her fluids and then I pushed my mushroom to the entrance of her pussy, nudging it playfully. 

She said, "Put it in Billy. Don't tease Ginny."

"Are you sure you want Billy to fuck you right now."

"Yes, Now drive your penis deep inside of 

Ginny's pussy right now or I'll cut your balls off and boil them in water."

I pushed, and my penis slid deep into her wild wet pussy and she yell with excitement. We quickly got into a rhythm and I was getting really hot and sweaty. I could feel my body beginning to get ready to cum and Ginny was moaning and pleading for me to go deeper and faster. I couldn't go any deeper. My balls were hitting her pussy lips with every thrust.

Finally she said, "I'm about ready to release my eggs for you to fertilize my sweet man. Don't you dare pull your cock out of Ginny's pussy Billy. I want my pussy filled with your sweet salty sperm cum.

Ginny and I each had an orgasm together. She turned to face me and pulled me down on top of her and kissed my mouth passionately saying, "Billy, that was the best fuck I've ever had. You are much better lover than your dad. He would be proud of you and a little envious as well. Lay with me and kiss or suck my tits as we recover from our beautiful intercourse together."

I lay next to her and sucked her tits and played with them and she such cooed and moaned and seemed well satisfied. I scooted down and got between her legs and put my lips on her pussy lips and inserted my tongue into her cavity pushing against her soft protective covering. I also fingered her and massaged her clit and she went wild again and had another orgasm. Her fluids were flowing easily out and onto her outer lips and my tongue and my lips couldn't get enough of her juices to satisfy my craving. She smell so good and I was becoming intoxicated with her feminine smells. 

"She said, "You like my pussy, don't you Billy?"

"Oh, yes I do. Ginny, you taste delicious and your pussy intoxicates my senses. I'll never get enough of you Ginny, never."

"Are you so satisfied with me Billy that you won't yearn for Jennifer's pussy anymore?"

"Oh, Ginny, believe me. I only want you. You satisfy all my sexual needs and desires. I'm completely satisfied with you Ginny."

"I'm glad! I love how you love me Billy. I am completely satisfied with you too.

"Stand up Billy, I want to suck your penis." Ginny got up and knelt in front of me. She took my penis into her soft cool hands and began rubbing it using cum from her own sweet pussy. When it was as hard as steel, she put her lips over my mushroom and squeezed it moderately hard and then she began to take my penis deep inside of her mouth. Then she began to stroke it up and down. I put my hand behind her head and guided her strokes. It didn't take long for me to squirt four repeating spurts inside of her and Ginny never lost her grip on my penis and she collected every drop of my cum and swallowed it. Then she smiled and said, "I can't get enough of your sweet salty cum Billy. It is delicious." Then she wrapped her tongue around my penis licking everything including the cum that dripped down on top of my balls. She licked it like I use to lick my bowl after eating all the ice cream. I felt loved. It was an awesome sensation to feel her tongue flowing all over the surface of my penis and testicles.

She said she would get up and make me dinner and I could stay in bed and masturbate if I needed to. She got up and put on her transparant nightgown and went to the kitchen. After we ate we cuddled on the couch touching one another before going to our bedroom. She said, "Could I ask you to fuck me once more before we go to sleep tonight?"

"I was thinking the same thing Ginny, and we had a glorious time fucking one another. Ginny finally sat over my stiff penis and lowered her pussy down on top of it like a space capsule lands on the moon. My penis slipped inside of her and she moved up and down repeatedly laughing and yelling and finally she had another orgasm. Then we slept.