 The light from Ginny's car headlights flashed across the windows of our house as she turned into the driveway. I could hear the sound of the garage door mechanism working.

Then I heard the door open and Ginny calling out, "Sweetie, I'm home!"

I placed the book I was reading on the coffee table and got up to greet her, "I 'm here in the living room reading."

"I've missed my man today, but you were part of our conversation."

"Oh? In what way?" She hugged me tightly and gave me a wet kiss on my lips. "I missed you so much baby. I hate being separated from you."

"I feel the same way Ginny."

"We talked about you in a good way Billy. Give me a minute to go pee and I'll tell you. I'm excited because it's a good thing, not only for you and me, but for Sharron,"

"Sharron?"

"Yes, I'll explain everything in a minute."

I could hear her peeing. After she finished I could hear her washing her hands.

She came up to me and took my two hands into hers and looked me in the eye, and said "Billy, I want you to listen to me, and not object until I explain everything to you. Will you promise to listen attenatively and then you can tell me what you think about my proposal, is that fair?"

"Yes, but somehow I feel that I'm going to have to abide by whatever you and this woman, Sharron have already decided."

"It hasn't been decided, but I like it, Sharron is coming around to the idea, now you need to tell me what you think about it. I'm excited about it, Sharron is mostly in agreement, but it all depends on you Billy. And I hope you will see that this may be a solution to our long term situation."

"Ok, fire away."

"Well, let's sit down on the couch."

"Ok. Tell me what you and Sharron talked about."

"Sharron and I have been friends since childhood. We were in the same classrooms together in elementary school. In six years of elementary school, we were only separate twice. All the other times we were in the same classroom. We shared everything, school, boyfriends, dating, sex, women issues, men, you name it, and we've talked about it. We went to the same high school, and after graduation we enrolled in the same university together. We shared every aspect of our lives together. 

"Did you share our relationship with her?"

"Yes, Billy. There are no secrets between the two of us."

"How did she react when you told her you were screwing your husband's son?"

"Actually, she was very supportive. She married a man who was a salesman. Her husband was gone most of the time. She was lonely, like me for sexual stimulation. You know how I struggled with having your dad gone on his deployments. I hate being a military wife, but I love your dad. I love you too Billy and I love how you have comforted me and given me so much good sex while he's been gone. But he could come home any time and then what? You'll be left without daily sex from me. It doesn't mean that we can't continue fucking one another, but it isn't going to be easy to hookup after he returns home. We won't be sleeping in the same bed together. You're going to get angry, and maybe even jealous."

"Actually, Ginny, I have been thinking of that also. So what is your solution?"

"Sharron is a beautiful blond Billy, and she has lovely perky tits and she loves to have sex with someone who really knows how to satisfy her. She also loves to cuddle, to be touched, to have her boobs sucked, and she enjoys giving head.."

"Really? So what's her problem? I can almost see where this conversation is going Ginny. I think you want me to fuck her, don't you Ginny?" Why?

She's desperate Billy for a man who knows how to please a woman. Since her divorce she's dated many men and has not found one who is interested in pleasing her and loving her, like she loves her partner. He'll fuck her and then he'll want to watch a football game,. The men she's been dating are only interested in quickies! They want sex, not a relationship. I told her how wonderful a lover you are. She's amazed that a high school student could have such caring and be able to perform well in bed, too." 

She's aware of my situation. She knows we cannot continue, as usual after your dad returns. It's a win/win for you and her Billy. She's coming here the day after tomorrow, and she will be here a week with us. She will be here on Saturday morning and I want you to spend all day Saturday and Sunday showing her around. Go for a walk in the woods, take her to dinner and a movie, go dancing together, and if the chemistry is right kiss her and show her affection, and if she shows the same affection toward you, then I want you to fuck her and give her oral stimulation too. I want her to leave our house filled with your cum in her pussy, and feeling fulfilled and satisfied as a woman. What do you say Billy? Ginny opened her purse and took three photos out and shows them to me. One is of Sharron wearing a tiny, white bikini, barely covering her nipples, the second one is a nude photo of her breasts, and the last photo shows her wearing a sexy dress and low cut blouse covering only the lowest portion of her breasts. She did look amazing!

"What do you think baby? Can you do this for your sweet Ginny? I know how much you need daily sex and I know and trust Sharron more than any other person on this planet. I know she will satisfy all your sexual cravings. Please be open to this Billy. If after being together for a week you can either decide to keep seeing her or just enjoy being friends together, She can decide just like you. If either of you don't want to go forward, then nothing as been loss. But you both might find each other to be what you've always wanted in a relationship. Will you do it Billy? I really want you to engage with her, I know she will be a good lay."

"Ok, mom, only because I know our relationship will end when Dad returns home. I will be available for the whole week. Where's she going to stay? Is she going to stay in a motel? Here?"

"Oh, baby, I'm going to take all my clothes and bathroom stuff to your bedroom tomorrow, and I'll use the hall bathroom. You're going to have the master bedroom for you and her if you both click!'

"And if we don't click, then what?"

"She'll sleep on the couch or she can stay in a motel."

"I will never understand women. That's for certain. The woman I've been fucking everyday for weeks is setting me up with her best friend so I can fuck her in Ginny's bed for a week! No sane person would ever believe this. Okay, mom, bring your best friend over here so I can fuck her for an entire week. That should give us enough time to decide what happens after the week is over."

"Thank you baby! I know you're going to love Sharron. I love you Billy and I want you to have the best lady I know. She beautiful and sexy and she will be a great trick for you, baby! Take these three photos of Sharron and look at them when you masturbate. Look at those gorgeous breasts. Imagine sucking those tits of hers. I know you both will hit it off and have a wonderful week together."

"What if I want to fuck you during the week Ginny?"

"Baby, you have me now and I promise I'll never stop having sex with you, but when your dad returns it isn't going to happen everyday and I want you to have someone I know you'll always enjoy, and that person is Sharron. Billy, she's the one who taught me how to give head. She's the best at that! Wait until you feel her lips and tongue work on your cock. You will never want another woman giving you head.! So, I'll be around, but I want you two to get acquainted and enjoy the week together."

"Ok, I trust you Ginny. I will look forward to meeting this 'to good to be true' female friend of yours."

"Thank you Billy. How was your day today?"

"It was wonderful! I had a very pleasant day and all went well in my classes too."

"Good. I'm glad to hear that. It's getting late, do you want any dinner Billy?"

"Not really, I ate some chocolate chip cookies after school that Jennifer made for me."

"Oh, did you spend the afternoon with her?"

"We talked some after school and enjoyed eating her tasty cookies."

"I'm not hungry either baby, so let's have some good sex together. Would you enjoy fucking Ginny tonight Billy?"

"Oh, I think you already know the answer to that Ginny."

Ginny undressed me and I undressed her. Damn she sexy. We kissed, hugged, and fondled one another and then I pushed my hard cock deep inside of her pussy and I fucked her hard, banging my balls aggressively against her pussy. She hollered, moaned, cooed, and was really enjoying it. Sometimes she's a cheerleader encouraging me to fuck her hard and fast. After she had her orgasm I went down on her and I sucked her pussy lips and inserted my tongue into her slit. When I found her clit I latched on to it and she screamed with joy and had another orgasm. She put her hands behind my head and forced my face against her pussy squirming continuously trying to have another orgasm. She was too tired to give me head, but she promised to wake me up early and give me head before I took a shower and dressed for school.

She awoke around 4:30 a.m. and rolled over and grabbed my testicles and began massaging them. My cock quickly awakened and began to grow in her hand. She kept rubbing it and I was enjoying what she was doing immensely. She straddled me and her beautiful ass was almost touching my nose. Her pussy lips were wet and I felt her lips on top of my penis head as she pressed her lips tightly around my harden penis and squeezed it with her mouth. Then she began licking my penis shaft using her tongue to sweep the length of it with her tongue. One hand cradles my balls and she played with them as she sucked my penis. She increased the length and speed of her strokes, and I was becoming hot and I grabbed her ass with both hands and forced her pussy lips up onto my mouth. I kissed her lips, I inserted my tongue pass her pussy tissue, and then I had my orgasm shooting cum twice into Ginny's waiting mouth. She swallowed all my cum and lick her lips before lying next to me massaging my tummy. I really enjoyed eating breakfast in bed.