 I was awakened around 3:30 a.m. as Ginny stumbled into the bedroom and went directly to the bathroom. When she finished she took off her dress and unfastened her bra and pulled down her panties. Then she noticed I was in bed.

She came over to my side of the bed and whispered, "Are you awake, Billy?"

I looked at her and said, "Absolutely, I wasn't going to sleep until I got a fuck from you."

"Did you have a good fuck from Sharron?"

"Yes, I did and today Jennifer invited me over after school, and she gave me a good fuck too."

Ginny didn't say anything, so I asked her "how did you do?"

Ginny said, "Well, the reason I wasn't home when school was over yesterday is that Col. Weaver, a long time friend of your dad's saw me sunbathing at the Officer's Club pool and came over to talk with me. I think he also wanted a close up view of my body while I was laying on my back, and wearing a very revealing bathing suit." She giggled. "He asked me how we were doing while my husband's was being deployed on a top-secret mission? He also asked about you. He remembered seeing us together at the Club and dancing and having a very cozy time together."

I asked him what he meant by "us having a cozy time together."

He replied, "Well, at first I thought you were out with another man."

I replied, "What made you think that Col. Weaver?"

"You both seem very much in love as you sat talking and holding hands while waiting for your meal, and sharing loving embraces and kisses together on the dance floor. I would never have guessed it was your son you were with."

I replied, "Col. Weaver, it's very lonely for a married woman to have her husband away for so long, not being able to communicate with him, and not knowing when he might return. I'm a woman Col. Weaver who needs to be cared for. I need someone to take care of my daily needs and fill my sexual fantasies. Billy isn't biologically related to me. Billy is a product of my husband's previous marriage. Billy and I have an on-going loving relationship and we do many different things together."

"I see. As he been able to take care of your sexual needs and desires?"

"He has been very attentive to my needs. I would have filed for divorce without his attention, help, and love."

"Virginia, I'm happy that Billy has been such a good support for you while your husband has been away."

"I know it must be tough to be a military wife when your husband is being deployed, especially when you're young and in need of emotional and sexual support."

"That is kind of you to say Col. Weaver, but I am mostly in need of sexual simulation; that's the only support I need. When my sexual needs are met to my satisfaction, the emotional part of it is taken care of."

"Has Billy been able to help you with that need?

"He has; but I have a huge need for on-going sexual contact and Billy is a senior in high school and he doesn't have the time to give me as much as I need. Colonel Weaver, I need it all the time!"

"Really? Virginia when Billy's able to give you his time to satisfy your need do you feel satisfied?"

"Of course, he's a good lover. I actually prefer him to my husband. He also has several girlfriends he needs to satisfy as well. He is in demand because he's a damn good lover.

"Well, Virginia, In that case, if you find me attractive enough and feel I might be able to help you with your sexual cravings as well as social support I would like to help you satisfy your sexual appetite."

"Are you sure your wife would be willing for you to assist me Col. Weaver with my enormous sexual appetite? Wouldn't she be upset and angry with you fucking another Colonel's wife? Wouldn't she be upset with you spending so much time away from your house?"

"My wife no longer wants to engage in sexual intercourse with me or anyone else, Virginia, has had female problems for years and during the last couple of years physical penetration has been terribly painful for her. She told me if I needed to have physical sex than I was free to engage in it as long as I did it in our home. She didn't want me to go to a whorehouse to have sex, or to the home of my partner, and she certainly didn't want me to frequent dirty hotels with anyone. She said she wants me to bring home a regular woman who is clean and just desires sex. She would be fine having me have sexual intercourse with that kind of woman in our home." 

"Have you had an encounter with another woman at your house with your wife present, Col. Weaver?"

"Yes, I did. But after the second encounter she said she felt weird having sex with me with my wife present. She had trouble relaxing and it showed even when we were making love together."

"How did it go with your wife?"

"My wife didn't have a problem with it, but the lady decided she couldn't enjoy having sex with me knowing my wife was in the house and knowing that his wife knew that her husband was fucking me in one of their bedrooms, even though when we were through my wife offered her to take a shower and dress afterwards, and have dinner or dessert or wine afterwards with her."

"Are you shitting me Col. Weaver?"

"No, I am not, Virginia. Would you be interested in an arrangement like that with me while your husband is deployed?"

"Yes, I would consider it. Would you be willing to drive me to your quarters to meet your wife? If what you have been telling me is true I'll stay with you tonight. I really need to be fucked tonight. I've sat here this morning and masturbated twice already today using my blanket to conceal my personal sexual act."

"I will call my wife right now and see if today is convenient. She prepares the guest bedroom for me to use. I will go inside the Club and call her. I will be back shortly, Please don't leave. I need sex as much as you Virginia."

And Billy replied, "So he got the ok from his wife and you went with him to his quarters and he fucked you last night?"

"Yes, his wife was sweet and supportive of my need and said this is the least she could do to help another wife who was left alone while her husband was away on deployment."

"So, it was a good fuck for you then?"

"Yes, Billy it was."

"So you decided to stay there today. Did you fuck the whole day while his wife made you lunch and dinner?"

"She asked if we wanted to stop long enough to eat dinner. We did and she cooked a fabulous meal and was concerned about my well being, saying to me in private that her husband sometimes goes too far. She said, "You may have to set limits with him. I always enjoyed having his enlarged cock inside of me, but I have a medical problem that prevents me to enjoy physical sex anymore, and now if I have sex it is too painful to tolerate. I don't want to deny him from having intercourse, but I want the woman to come here."

"I thanked her for her understanding of my need as well as the need of her husband. I liked her Billy."

Now, Billy boy, I know you've fucked Sharron last night and probably before you drove to school, and afterwards you went to Jennifer's house and fucked her too. Well, I know it is almost 5 a.m. but I want to fuck you. It will help us both sleep until 7:30 a.m. I know that's not enough sleep for you to go to school and concentrate, but it may help.

She got in bed and turned over with her sweet butt sticking up in the air and her arms lending on the mattress. I got up, my penis hard just knowing my mom had fucked her husband's friend in his quarters and with the consent of his wife." I pumped Ginny hard and she moaned and groaned loudly and screamed as my penis struck her clit repeatedly. We both had orgasms and cuddled and fell asleep in one another's arms. My last thought was that I had 4 fucks with four different women in just over 24-hours. I fell asleep wanting to fuck Jane tomorrow.

My mother woke me up around 7 a.m. by giving me a blowjob. She was on her knees on top of the mattress and sucking my cock hard. She paused when I started moving my hips to her sucking and said to me. "I woke up and reached over to see if you were still in bed and my hand found your penis and it was hard. So I thought you might enjoy a blowjob before having to go sit in class this morning." Then she continued sucking my dick until I exploded cum all over her face. She said, "Billy, why didn't you say you were ready to cum. I just paused a moment to rub your penis and you exploded your cum on my face. I love it, but I want it released into my mouth." She spanked my butt and said, "You better get up and get ready to go to school. I have a lunch date late this morning with Col. Weaver's and his wife is preparing it. The least I could do is be on time."

"Will you be home for dinner?"

"I don't know Billy. If you want to go to Jennifer's house after school do it. I might stay with Col. Weaver all night."

"Ok, mom. Maybe I'll go to Jane's house after school. Maybe I can score with her if she's available. Then I might go to Jennifer's afterwards to see if she might like some cock."

"You get as much pussy as you can get Billy.I know girls need a lot of cock too, so it is good for everyone." She laughed as I headed for the shower.

I was fucking tired when I got to my first period class and the teacher was going to show a movie. During the showing, I fell asleep and the teacher heard me snoring. He stopped the movie and came over and handed me a note to go see my counselor. He was pretty upset with me. I gathered my books and left the classroom. I stopped at the men's room to freshen up and comb my hair and pee. I went by the Student Body office and persuaded Miss Andersen to sell me a small bouquet of flowers. She asked me who they were for and I told her I was going to give them to Miss Nicholas. She said, "Wow! I wish I could be present to see the expression on her face." Before I left the SBO she told me to comb my hair so I didn't look like I stayed out all night. I thanked her and headed for the counseling office.

Upon entering the counseling office I put the flowers in my left hand and hid them behind my back. Then I walked up to Miss Nickolas' desk quietly. She looked up in surprise and said, "Well, look what the cat just drug in?" Then she smiled at me.

Is that the way you treat your boyfriends when they bring you flowers Miss Nickolas?

"Oh, Billy, they're lovely."

"I'm glad you like them Miss Nickolas."

"You really made my day Billy. Thank you."

"You always make my day, Miss Nickolas."

She just started at me with a grin on her face. Are you trying to seduce me because you want me to do something for you Billy?"

No! I brought you flowers Miss Nicholas because I really like you a lot and wanted to show you my appreciation for all you do for me as the Counseling Secretary."

"How nice and considerate you are Billy?" What else brings you into the counseling office today?"

"I fell asleep during a movie in first period and the teacher wanted me to go see my counselor."

"Well, get ready for a treat. You might want to give your first period teacher a gift because you won't believe how lovely Mrs. Wilson looks today. I would love to be a fly on the wall when you enter through her office door and see your eyes fall upon her outfit! Now, stop by my desk on the way out so you can tell me what you thought."

"Will I blush?"

"Maybe, but I'm sure you will like what you see. Just don't stare the whole time. Move your eyes around so it doesn't look so obvious you are engrossed in what your looking at." She smiled broadly and giggled.

"Ok, I will check with you when I am dismissed."

"Try to relax and don't let your mouth fall open."

As I began walking to Mrs. Wilson's office I turned and said thanks for the good advice Miss Nickolas, you would make a good mother as well as a girlfriend."

I didn't notice if she blushed.

I stood in front of Mrs. Wilson's door and knocked. I heard her say, "Come in please."

Before entering I looked back at Miss Nicholas and she was looking intently at me and smiling.

Even with the warning, I was stunned, but I remembered to keep my upper and lower jaws closed.

Hello, Billy. I'm so glad to see you. I was hoping you would come in and tell me how everything is going at home and with your harem of girlfriends, all-vying for your attention. I guess even your counselor needs your constant attention."