 I was 21 and still a virgin but I knew I would love sex and try out all of it's mysteries proper folk never talk about. I grew up in puritanical New England. Sex was stiff, missionary style done to procreate. I had very long brown hair down my butt, brown eyes, and normally wore my ripped jeans and belly tops when I wasn't working. This was the 70's and that was the uniform of the day. On other days I wore hot pants. I have great legs! My breasts were smallish but perky. 

I am now 58 but that urge hasn't subsided in time; in fact I have tried more exotic things that make me think we are a combination of male and female. My hair is shoulder length now but still that gorgeous reddish brown. I'm still small but my breasts have at least grown to a C cup. I am considered beautiful. My skin is ivory and perfect, my nose is small and perfect. 

I lost my virginity at 22. There was this aching down in my vagina that could only be itched when I touched myself down there. What an orgasm! I didn't know that was what I was having, but playing with my clit and stroking my inner lips was heaven. 

I had no idea about fucking, sucking and doing 69 but I knew I had to get this over with, otherwise I would explode. I came on to a fellow employee. James who was big and gangly. Nothing in the looks department and zero in personality as well.. Big mistake. Dan had no idea what he was doing either! We were in a hotel room, he pulled down my pants and spread my legs. He started rubbing his dick against me and proceeded to get a hard on. He started bouncing in and out of me amazed at this ability. He didn't realize he had a hard on. First fuck did suck! He was a virgin too!

Of course, I continued with my little masturbating excursions. There's a lot to be said about having an active sex life with yourself. In my 20's, I had sex with other men but it's just one big bore after another. They have to brag to others about their "conquests". Oh please, they were lucky they had me. I noticed that I experienced crushes on girls. I wanted to experiment but in those days, gay experiences didn't exist.

Until my best friend Michael seduced me, I didn't realize sex was truly an out of body experience. I was 23 and wanted him so bad. He was a cute 31 year old with an amazing body. Tanned and toned, I flirted like hell with him. One night no one was home, we smoked a bone and I was hinting that I'd like to play. He was playing The Beatles White Album and had his black light on. He smiled coyly and asked what game do you want to play. I hinted that I wanted him to play with my body and teach me how to play with his.

Michael brought me into the bedroom and took my clothes off. I took his off a bit awkwardly but when I looked at his penis, I felt hunger. I have never had an experienced man; better yet I never had a man who licked every part of body. He sucked my nipples, he licked my pussy. He sucked my clit and I could feel the juices starting to flow down. He just sucked and licked them out. My God, I never thought it would feel like this. 

The in and out motion of his large thick penis made me so weak and so wiggly, if you know what I mean. I started breathing hard and started moaning. He pushed my legs around his neck so he could penetrate deeper. He was so patient when he was teaching me how to perform fellatio. I loved licking the tip of his penis. I just ran my tongue in a circular motion at the very top and ran my tongue up and down the shaft. When I got to the base, I licked his balls and went back up and down slowly. He showed me how to use my hand jerking him off while I started sucking him quicker and quicker. He came in my mouth. That was a bit of a shock but I did like it. I rubbed his cum over my breasts, all the while pinching my nipples.

Michael was my first skilled lover I ever had. A few weeks later, I was over Michael's house and no one was home except his brother Sean. Sean was built like his brother, good looking but much darker than Mike. Mike and I went into the bedroom to continue what we previously started. It seems now I couldn't contain my enthusiasm for Mike because Sean walked in and asked if he could join us. Mike said sure and Sean took his clothes off. He climbed into bed and I was sandwiched between these two amazing brothers. Sean was going down on me while I was making out with Mike. Then Sean put his dick in me and Mike licked, nibbled every part of my body while Sean was fucking me. I gave them incredible blow jobs, hand jobs. Life can be so fun!

Things stopped between Mike and me when I met Terry. Terry was more my age, inexperienced and in love with me. He was very tall, maybe 6'5" and a bit overweight. He wasn't good looking but I didn't see it. Women aren't like men in that way. Maybe I felt the same way but I was always horny and wanted to teach him everything. I would read to him, The Happy Hooker*, by Xaviera Hollander, and tried all those hot things she did to men. I also read to him, Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex but Were Afraid to Ask*, by Dr. David Rueben. It was more clinical but it was fun reading and made into quite a movie by Woody Allen.

We broke up as our interest waned.

During the ensuing years, I have had many sexual encounters with both men and women. Differences are quite profound. Men are hard, not a reflection of our own bodies. We love their penises; the penetration; the way they perform oral sex. Orgasms are hard and fast. I love it when they come on my breasts, my belly and in my mouth. So many toys can and should be used. We use dildos, vibrators, the "rabbit", vibrating cock rings (sooo recommended) and the "bad boy" prostate massager.

Women are irresistible in that they have beautiful breasts and asses, suckable nipples and that I love to give them the attention due to them. I love to kiss, lick nibble every area of a woman. I love to go down on a woman; suck on her clitoris and if she is a squirter, oh my god, I can drink it in. I love using a strap on and feel like the man and treat her any way she wants. Hard and strong or soft and gentle. I love having a strap on used on me as well.

I've always participated in role play. Wearing suits and my man wearing a bra, garters, nylons and heels. Keeping them on enhances our orgasms. I've tried bondage; hands tied behind my back, blindfolded, food fed to me, other people; men and women brought in to lick or suck me. So reminiscent of the movie, 9 ½ Weeks.

I've learned how to belly dance, strip to bring a man to his knees. I will then demand he eat me and do it to my satisfaction.

I'm older and found I liked men who had no boundaries; men, women, cross dressers, threesomes, orgies, those in the middle; I.e., breast implants yet still possess a penis. I have crossed some of those boundaries and enjoyed it.

One particular man was the epitome of this belief. I loved it when he fucked me hard from behind and pulled my hair. I would sit on him and bounce up and down. He said it felt like the most incredible blow job he ever had. I loved it when he slapped and scratched my ass. This relationship had to end though. Gary was the most destructive force in my life.

Over the years I have found a commonality with men. No matter how fat or bald they are, they think they are "all that". On the other hand, women need to feel perfect. I have come to the conclusion these men possess charisma. Charisma is personal magnetism. You are drawing someone to you; inspiring them. How do you use these charms..... When you meet a guy, look into his eyes and repeat his name. There is a way to smile at a man that can give him a hard on. A bit crooked and eyes lowered and off to the side somewhat.

When you walk away, sashay that ass. Don't walk hard but look at how a model walks and adapt your walk a bit in that way. We are different, walk that way. I love it and it might be wrong but what the hell!

I've never stopped loving men and having an incredible sex life. It keeps you young and your body incredible.

I have been told all my life I have a sexy phone voice and I should become a phone sex operator. I did. I'll tell you there were some freaks that called. Some were sadists and you had to play that role. Other roles included faking a baby girl voice and the caller pretending he was diddling with a young teen. I got calls all night and had to work days. The job exhausted me and wasn't worth the pay. If you do this work, get your own website, phone line, web cam and keep a room as your "studio". If this is all you do, it should be fun.

If you want variety, I do recommend reputable sex sites. BUT I stress if you have sex, use condoms. You're committing suicide if you don't. Be weary of some of the people on the sites. They misrepresent themselves so if you meet, do it in a public place and let a friend know where you are going.

Have a plan. You don't automatically have to have sex just because someone writes let's fuck. Do what you want and the hell with the other person.

Pictures are always encouraged. Be weary of posting nudes of yourself. They can be downloaded and lost in internet space. A provocative picture of your breasts, butt or bare legs with a thong coming down your thighs with stilettos are enough. It's up to you if you want to show your face in the profile picture.

I recommend being open to the more unusual aspects of exotica. Cross dressing is highly intoxicating. I want my man to feel a bit feminine. Do you know what it's like to straddle and make love to a man who is wearing a bra, garters, nylons and stilettos.

I love threesomes. Either two women and a man, or me and two men. One thing I find that brings out the animal in me is when after I am taken care of, I orchestrate each man to perform fellatio on each other. This doesn't make them gay. A man getting a blow job by another man is quite an experience for him.

Please, please use sex toys. I just can't emphasize that enough. I find sex jewelry is fun to use; nipple rings, belly chains and clitoris jewelry.

I love going to sex toy parties. My partner definitely benefits from these parties. Ben also loves going to swing parties. We have a no holds barred relationship and gives us the variety we need. 

I had believed when I was very young that I was bad, a slut, a whore because I was listening to my body. I now believe that this is normal. What is normal? I have learned to be comfortable with my sexuality, my bi-sexuality and not caring what others think.

*

Footnote: *The Happy Hooker; Xaviera Hollander, Pub. 1971, *Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex but Were Afraid to Ask, Dr. David Rueben, Pub. 1972 