 He was buried inside her. Oh how he had imagined this, but it was nothing compared as to actually being on top of her, inside her. Her body wrapped around him, covering his senses, all her could smell, feel and taste was her.

Tessa's back arched, pushing her breasts into his chest, tiny points brushing his body, sending arcs of electricity thru her. He trembled from the onslaught of emotion, and was finding it hard to breathe.

Her body clasped down on his in response to the invasion. He shook from the effort of wanting to savor the moment, but the feeling of his cock sliding inside a tight wet velvet grip was driving him over the edge.

Tessa sighed in pure physical pleasure, his minds eye visioning them joined as they were-the most intimate of embraces, timeless, passionate. 

Drake wanted to enjoy all of the pleasure he had to offer her and looked up into her face. What he saw melted any doubt he might have had. She was gazing up at him, glazed with lust and something else... something more than any other love he had, look at him that way.

Her hips arched and she groaned from frustration, wanting him deeper. He buried his hands under her, shifting his weight onto her body and plunged as hard as he could inside her. Both moaned and she lifted her legs higher around his body to gain more access to the thrusting. Drake plowed into her with total abandonment, his body tensing as hers shook more violently. Finally she arched and groaned pulling him down inside her, burying his cock inside her.

Drake shook in spasms as his body rocked in the wave of his orgasm, guttural groans coming from his throat as he rode her in a shockwave of lust, desire and love...

Drake collapsed on top of her, his weight complete on her, but she didn't mind, she was still whimpering and shivering slightly, still riding her orgasm to the last. His face was buried into her shoulder. After a long moment, he managed to move his knees under him and pull himself up a bit. He lifted his head to see her with her eyes still closed, trying to catch her breath. When he leaned up, he pulled back and instinctively her legs wrapped around his thighs again. 

She opened her eyes and looked up at him. They were dark and smoky, sweat covered his face and a look of total contentment covered it. She smiled up at him and leaned up for a kiss, soft and gentle. He responded to her lips, covering hers.

He moved off to the side of her, slipping out of her body and pulled her over him. She lay pressed against him, her hip next to his groin. They lay quietly, not daring to say a word, afraid of breaking the spell that had wrapped around them but finally Tessa moved up and looked at him.

Never in her life had she been able to love anyone, much less open herself like this, but he was no ordinary man, something about him was different than all the rest. Sure there had been a few come her way, that wanted nothing more than a conquest, but she had refused them and thus earned the ice queen title. What they didn't know was if they had slept with her, they would have died within a few minutes, and she couldn't let that happen no matter how sleazy they had been, or nice for that matter. She couldn't risk hurting anyone. But this man was different, she could feel it in the way he responded to her, held her, fucked her senseless. Her own inner demons wouldn't be able to hurt this man, because she felt a trickle of familiarity with him, as if he were part of her secret?

Tessa saw a cloud pass over his face as she drifted in thought and decided that this was their time and no ghosts would come between them.