 It was late morning when I awoke. Lisa and Jessie were still asleep in each other's naked embrace. Dried cum from last night's party was clearly visible on both of them.

I wondered to myself as to what is going to happen next for them. Would their mother daughter bond survive or will it break? Will Lisa and I still maintain the relationship we had before Jessie's involvement? Will Jessie branch out beyond what her mom does? I just hoped it would all work out between them. In the meantime, for the couple of days left here at the resort, I was going to take advantage of Lisa & Jessie's ravenous sexual appetites.

I went over to the bed and gave Lisa a kiss that woke her up. I told her I was going to the hot tub for a few minutes and would be back to shower and go for breakfast. She just kissed me and said ok.

I quietly left and within a half hour, I was back. There was Lisa and Jessie feeling each other up and kissing.

Jessie looked up and asked if I wanted to join them. In a second, I joined them. They both got on all fours and I fucked mom and then daughter, going from cunt to cunt. When I was ready to cum, I made them lay on their backs and shot my cum onto their faces and into their mouths.

When I finished, I told them I had to pee. Jessie quickly said I could use her. I looked at Lisa who shrugged her shoulders and said, "John do it if she wants. I'll watch."

Jessie got in position on the bed with her head at the foot of the bed. I placed my cock in front of her mouth.

Lisa watched as Jessie opened her mouth and I started relieving myself into her mouth. It seemed like I wouldn't stop peeing but eventually did. Jessie swallowed every drop and came up smiling.

After that, we all showered and went to breakfast. As we ate, Richard came over and joined us. He apologized for not being at the party and said he heard that it went well and that Jessie and her mom were the stars of the party.

As we finished our meal, Richard said he had a friend that would like to get together with Jessie and Lisa. The three of us looked at each other and Lisa said that would be ok.

Richard said he would set up the get together tomorrow afternoon at his place.

The rest of the day was spent by the pool. A couple of people from the party came over and said they had a great time last night and that Lisa should be proud of Jessie.

After the pool we went back to the room and I just wanted to fuck Lisa. I asked Jessie if she would take pictures and videos of me fucking her mom. Jessie gladly accepted my request.

Lisa and I got on the bed and we began feeling each other up and kissing. Our tongues played together. Our naked bodies pressed against each other. My hard cock pressing against her. I rolled Lisa on top of me and told her to ride my cock hard until she came. All the time Jessie was taking pictures and video.

Lisa straddled me and I watched my cock disappear into her treasure. She started riding me. Her tits bouncing up and down. I grabbed them and squeezed them and played with her big nipples that looked like they were ready to explode.

My lover's hips were gyrating as she rode me, as if looking for my cock to hit her g spot to make her cum. She must have hit it because she just kept riding me harder and then she gave a loud moan and she had an orgasm that shook me and the bed. Her body shaking as she had orgasm after orgasm. My cock and balls were completely soaked as she squirted her juices, something she never did before. As it all subsided, she fell off of me and onto her side.

Jessie let out a loud "wow" when it was all over. "Mom, you are terrific," Jessie said.

The next thing I knew, I was laying on my back with my cock straight up and Jessie straddling me. She eased her cunt onto my cock and started riding me. She kept riding me and I could feel her cunt tightening n my cock and knew she was ready as was I.

After a few more rides, she came and I shot my cum in her cunt. She stayed on my cock as Lisa placed her pussy over my mouth and I started eating her. I could see mom and daughter kissing and sucking each other's nipples. We enjoyed this scene for quite a long time.

I told the women that I had to pee and they said the same thing. Then Jessie said she had an idea.

She took us to the shower and told Lisa to watch. Jessie took me into the shower and knelt in front of my piss hard cock. Then she started sucking my cock. She looked up at me and told me to pee. I looked at Lisa then Jessie. I couldn't hold it in anymore and started peeing in her mouth as she was sucking my cock. She then pulled my peeing cock out and let my pee go all over her face and tits until I finished.

When I was done she stood up and told me to kneel. I git on my knees and she placed her pussy near my mouth. She told me to open my mouth and as I did, her pee flooded my mouth as I pulled her pussy closer to me. I drank all of her pee and got up and kissed her, sharing her pee with her.

When we finished, Jessie told her mom to get in the shower and to pee on both of us. We knelt down and opened our mouths and waited for Lisa's golden liquid. It didn't take long for her to do what her daughter asked her to do. As we were being covered in Lisa's pee, Jessie and I kissed as Lisa's pee flowed all over us.

To say it was an experience is putting it mildly. Lisa would never do some of the things Jessie got her to do. They are both amazing women.

We did try to clean ourselves off but we just wanted to get back in bed for more sex. We never did go out to eat that night.

As Lisa and Jessie continued their love making I wondered what was going to happen to them after they got home. I figured that the sex between them would continue but would Jessie go looking for cock on her own. In any case, I was going to enjoy the short time we had left at the resort.

During the night we all shared each other many times. With one more night to go, I couldn't imagine what it was going to be like on the last day/night.

I was woken up in the morning with Lisa and her daughter licking the shaft of my cock. Each one of them taking turns sucking my cock and balls. As I shot my load, each one of them managed to share my cum. It was amazing to see mom and daughter enjoying sex like this together and the smiles on their faces.

We went for breakfast and I got a call from Richard. He said to come to his place at noon and he and his friend will be waiting with a nice lunch and some wine. I told him we would be there.

After breakfast we stayed at the pool before heading over to Richard's place. We knocked and he let us in. 

Richard introduced us to his friend, Kevin. We exchanged pleasantries and sat down on the patio for lunch. All the time the three of us couldn't take our eyes off of Kevin's huge cut cock. I figured it must have been 10" soft and as thick as a soda can. Hard it must be at least 12" to 14". He had to be about 5'9", 185, blond hair, blue eyes and a toned body.

Kevin said he was from Connecticut, just past Port Chester and that he had his own business. He went on to tell us that every girl he met dumped him as soon as they saw his big cock. He continued, saying that when Richard told him Jessie had no problem with him, that he wanted to meet me.

Jessie said she was flattered and smiled. She then went on to tell him that she kind of blackmailed me and her mom to get her to be a slut, all the time smiling.

I then went into more detail and brought him up to date. It seemed everyone was receptive and we all enjoyed ourselves over wine.

However, I was starting to worry if the women could take all of that meat in their cunts.

Anyway, we enjoyed the lunch and the wine. After lunch, we all jumped into Richard's hot tub which was private and enclosed.

We all got along well and laughed a lot. Then the topic of the party came up. Richard was telling Kevin about it and Kevin's eyes grew bigger when he heard about Lisa's and Jessie's performance. 

Then Kevin asked us if it would be ok to take Jessie inside. I looked at Lisa and Jessie and told them it was their decision. Lisa said it was ok as did Jessie.

The five of us went into Richard's bedroom. Jessie got on the bed and Kevin joined her.

Kevin pulled Jessie to his naked body, embracing her nakedness. We could see his cock growing. It had to be over 12" long as it pressed up against her body. As they kissed, their tongues darted in and out of their mouths.

Jessie moved her hand down to his cock and grasped his swollen shaft. She could not get her hand around it. Slowly she moved her mouth down to his cock and she could only get his cock head in her mouth.

She sucked on it and jerked his cock as she got into 69 with him. We watched as he ate her and sliding his fingers in and out of her wet cunt.

After some time, he made her straddle his cock and told her to lower herself onto his manhood. We watched as her cunt moved down on him until most of his cock was in her.

She started riding his big cock slowly, then picked up the pace. As she did, his cock disappeared completely into her cunt. We were amazed, even Richard couldn't believe it.

It didn't take long before Kevin said he was going to cum. He told Jessie to quickly lie on her back. As she got on her back, Kevin gave his cock a couple of jerks and shot at least ten ropes of cum all over Jessie.

Lisa's daughter was completely covered in Kevin's cum. It was some sight to see. Lisa went over to her and asked if she was ok and she said she was fine.

We all helped Jessie get cleaned up and went back to the hot tub and wine.

Kevin told Jessie that she was a very special woman and thanked her for letting him fuck her.

After a lot more wine, Richard asked Lisa if she and Jessie would care to stay overnight since everyone was leaving tomorrow.

Lisa looked at me and I said it was fine with me. The two women made arrangements to come back after dinner. I told them I would call Diane to see if she would stay overnight with me. It was all arranged.

We went back to the room and did some packing for our departure tomorrow afternoon.

Diane called me and said she would come over around 9:00 p.m. and will spend the night.

After dinner, I took Jessie and her mom over to Richard's house. We had some wine and Richard thanked me for letting Lisa and Jessie stay over. (As a side note, Richard has fucked Lisa a few times at the parties we attended with Diane and the group, so he was looking forward to fucking her some more)

After awhile, I Left my two lovelies with Richard and Kevin.

Diane came over at nine and the two of us got reacquainted by fucking the night away.

When morning came, Lisa called and said they would be back in a few minutes. She also said they all had a great time and would tell me all about it.

I was still fucking Diane when Lisa and Jessie came in. I continued fucking her until we both came. Then Diane got up and thanked me for a great time, said bye to the ladies and left with cum glistening on her thighs.

Lisa's eyes told me what I already knew, that they did a lot of fucking and enjoyed every minute of it.

Well ladies, are you going to tell what happened last night?

Lisa said she will tell but first she wanted to go for breakfast and then they would tell all.

After breakfast we went back to the room. Lisa started telling the story.

Lisa started the story, "John, they were incredible. They were so nice to both of us. As you know, Richard and I fucked before and it was great, again with him. But let me start from the beginning."

Lisa started, "When we went in, they each gave us a rose and kissed us. Richard then poured some wine and they took us to the hot tub. Richard asked if it would be ok if we all shared each other for the night. Jessie and I both said that would be fine. Initially, I paired off with Richard and Jessie paired with Kevin to start the night. Richard told Kevin that he and me fucked before but this would be a first to have her again with her daughter. Kevin's eyes got big as saucers knowing he would be having me and my daughter together."

Jessie continued, "In the hot tub, we all touched each other. I watched my mom kissing and playing with Richard's cock. It really turned me on knowing that my mom and I would be on a bed together, side by side, getting fucked by guys with huge cocks at the same time. I knew then that I loved my mother more than anything. I played with Kevin's cock and started jerking it the best I could. Every now and then, I would feel my mom up or suck on her big nipples. One time mom just mounted me and started kissing me."

Lisa took over, "Yeah, that was when Richard suggested we go inside. We got out and dried ourselves off and Richard led us to his bedroom. He had flowers all over the place. They were both so romantic. Anyway, they asked us to get on the king sized bed and after we got comfy, they joined us. Richard at my side and Kevin at Jessie's side."

Jessie continued, "I initially held mom's hand as we started but let go as soon as we started. Kevin took his time and we kissed forever. Our tongued darted in and out of our mouths. His hands all over me. My nipples looked and felt like they were going to explode as he sucked on them. I so wanted his cock in me that I begged him to fuck me."

Lisa chimed in, "I watched my daughter as she begged to get fucked. I was so proud of her. I knew then that she succeeded in becoming like me. I watched as Kevin mounted my baby. He lined up his 12" cock to her slit and I watched as her cunt slowly sucked up his entire cock until it disappeared. In the meantime, Richard already had his big cock in my cunt and was already pounding me. As Richard fucked me, my tits were going up and down with each thrust. Jessie was able to play with my tits as Kevin started fucking her. We were both moaning in pleasure."

Jessie said, "just then, both guys pulled their cocks out of us and switched. Richard was now fucking me and Kevin was fucking my mom for the first time. Our tits bounced up and down and then I heard both guys say they were going to cum. In a few seconds, Richard unloaded streams of cum into my cunt. I screamed out in pleasure. I had orgasm after orgasm and felt like I needed to pee. Just then, I heard Kevin say he was cumming. Mom moaned out loud and lifted her cunt off of the bed as Kevin shot so much cum in her that it poured out of her cunt."

Lisa continued, "John, it was incredible. Then the guys said they had to pee. Jessie and I looked at each other and smiled and nodded an ok. Jessie told them to get up and go to the shower. When they did, we knelt down and told them to pee on us. The guys couldn't believe it. Then they started peeing on both of us. They let put streams of pee on our tits, our face on our hair and we even sucked the pee right out of their cocks until they were dry."

Jessie ended the story by saying, "The rest of the night pretty much went the same way until early this morning. Oh yeah, I had both men make love to me while mom watched. I now know why mom likes threesomes."

I was amazed and thanked both women for joining me for this week.

Lisa and Jessie thanked me for everything. Jessie said she already made arrangements to see Kevin again and Kevin said that I could bring mom.

As time was getting short, we checked out and headed to the airport. We said our goodbyes and they had to leave. 

I went to the car knowing that I brought Lisa and her daughter together.

Look for Chapter 6