 I've been living with Momma for a while now. It's the faded blue single-wide out along Cookinham Road. You may have been past it a time or two. There's nothing but corn all around us. Miles of it, it seems. It grew real nice this year, but that big monstrous machine come and cut it all down. Now it's just stubbly stumps as far as the eye can see. The leaves from our old cottonwood tree blow around dead and get caught in the stubble. Sometimes I just sit there out on the front steps, looking out over the vastness of it all, thinking it must be how it looks in wartime, after the bombs. 

The front steps is my favorite place in the whole trailer. Out in the fresh air. Inside smells like Momma's medicine, last night's frozen dinners, and who knows what else perfuming the air. Momma's not shy about breaking wind.

I suppose she's always been that way, not caring much. Back when Daddy was still here she was better I guess, but I have trouble remembering that far behind. Daddy's long gone now anyway, so Momma's free to be her own self. Breaking wind is just part of her, I guess.

Daddy being gone is sort of why I'm writing down these thoughts. Momma's horny, see, and she sort of twisted things around and now she's got me supplying her with men. It seemed wrong and I didn't really know what to think about it when it started, but now it just seems kinda normal. The men don't know what to think at first, but then they realize they get two pussies to fuck instead of just mine alone and I think some of them kinda like it. Momma sure does like it. It's a real good thing we live way out here in the corn because she kicks up such a racket with some of the men; I'll tell ya, a big ol' cock can just make that woman howl. At first I hadn't heard anything like it, but I got so used to it I guess I'm doing it myself now. What's that old saying, a chip off the old block? There was a man named Herbert here a few days ago and he said he ain't never heard nothing like Momma and me. He was smiling and seemed happy about it.

Me supplying her with men sorta got started through blackmail, Momma telling me, after listening to me with a man one night, that she's gonna kick me out if I don't share. 

I said, "That's crazy, Momma! I ain't sharing with you!" 

She said, "You'll share or you'll be out for the winter! You remember how cold it gets around here. You sure as shit don't wanna be sleepin' out with them hobo bums."

Well, she was right, I sure as shit don't. I do remember winter around here. I've been gone for years, traveling with a man I don't travel with no more, but those cold winters when I was growing up aren't something I'll forget, chopping wood with Daddy until my fingers was so numb I didn't know if I'd ever feel them again. It don't snow so much, but it sure does get cold.

These days we got oil heat, with a tank leaned up against the trailer and a heater right next to Momma's chair. Blackie likes to lay on it but Momma shoos him off, says a cat with thick hair like his don't need no extra heat.

None of us need no heat right now. The corn's all cut and gone, but a hot spell's been hanging over us. I've been down to a bra and some thong underwear for days now, sitting out on the front steps, listening to men honking their horns. I always wave and try to be friendly, but sometimes it just gets tiresome. I don't know what they think they're doing with those horns they're blowing, they'd have a whole lot better chance at things if they'd just stop and say hello and show me what they got to offer.

It feels odd having it be ninety degrees when the leaves are all dead and down. Seems like something just ain't right with the world. There just aren't no more clothes I can take off without getting myself in trouble with the Sheriff. But I guess there wouldn't be much trouble. Deputy Nichols would just scold me and bring me in the trailer and make me suck his cock. Momma'd get all jealous when she heard me with him again on account of him not being interested in her. She'd say, "At least bring him in here so I can watch. There's no need for you to do your men all closed up in your room." The other times it happened she asked me all about his cock, whether he cum in my mouth, and how big it is. She likes 'em big and messy, with lotsa cum. I told her Deputy Nichols don't cum that much, but she still wants to see it because he is kinda big.

If I was to take off my undies out on the front steps to cool myself and he was to pull up with his siren going, she'd be happy as shit. Especially since she had a man just two days ago. I went down to the city to play some pool and I come home with one, a tall kinda handsome man. He works out in the fracking fields, looking for that oil that smells so much. A lot of the men I bring home work out there, out of town men who probably send most of their paycheck home to their wives and kids. A lot of the men still smell of the oil when they get here, but Momma don't mind. I guess I don't mind too much either, long as they know how to fuck good. You'd be surprised how many men don't know shit about that simple skill. It's a skill as old as the hills, and you'd think it'd be passed down proudly from daddy to son, but no, none of them seem to do any learning about it at all. I sorta take is as my duty to tell them some things. I figure their wives might appreciate it, or the next girl down the road. Some of the men sorta like me telling them things, but some don't take kindly to it at all. A few get all slap happy and leave me close to black and blue. That don't bother me too much because I like it both ways.

Momma told me she don't like it much when she hears a man get rough with me. I guess I'd be the same way if I had a daughter. The thing I haven't told her is those rough men often times throw money at me when they leave, thinking I'm some kind of a whore I guess, or feeling guilty for what they done. Maybe that's why I don't mind the rough stuff so much, or maybe I'm just kinda perverted and like getting slapped around. Either way, it's nice to have a sort of a balance and have a nice gentle man once in a while. Or more than once in a while.

That tall handsome man two days ago, he was a nice gentle one. There was no moon in the sky that night and it was pitch black dark when we got to the trailer. Blackie ran and hid underneath, and cottonwood leaves were blowing all around, sounding dry and rustley. John was the man's name, at least that's what he said.

I said, "Hi, Momma," when we walked in. I don't think John was expecting to see a mother of mine sitting there in her chair wearing just a bra and panties.

She said, "I heard you pull up, but it's just so hot I didn't think you'd mind."

"Momma, this is John," I said.

"I smell your work on you, John," Momma said. "You put in a long day today?"

"Yes ma'am," John said.

I saw him looking at Momma's big tits so I told him the way things were — he needed to fuck Momma first or else she'd kick us out and we'd have to do it out on the front steps or in the car.

"Not on my front steps," Momma said. "If I can hear ya I want my share."

John looked like a man who wasn't used to our kind of crazy, so I told him it was all good. I said, "Momma won't bite, and if you treat her nice you get me." I took off my t-shirt and let my tits wobble out in front of him. Men seem to like my tits a whole lot, and bare ones out in front of them always seem to seal the deal.

Pretty soon Momma was on her hands and knees on the couch, her old dingy panties hanging on around one knee. John was fucking her and she was starting to get loud. I'd settled into her reclining chair, just watching. John looked at me a lot while he was doing her.

"Open up that bra if you wanna see her big ol' tits," I said to him.

Momma was huffing out lots of oh yeah's and other happy sounds. She went all extra happy when her tits come out and she felt John's hands on them. He had those oil worker's hands, all rough, and black around the fingernails.

I said, "You smell that oil on him, Momma? That's why he's slippin' in and outta you so nice."

Momma must have agreed, because soon her voice rose up to a howl and she started cumming and cumming. She gets there with just about every man, but John seemed to make her eyes sparkle extra. Maybe it was because he was tall and handsome and one of the nice ones.

I was glad he didn't cum when she did, but he looked right close, right there on the edge of it. I took his hand and pulled him right outta Momma while she was still trying to figure out which way was up. I pulled him to my room and I didn't even suck him, I just gave him the younger version of what he'd just had, me on my hands and knees on my bed, him fucking me real fast and hard like he was all greased up with oil. Pretty soon I was making just as much racket as Momma'd done, maybe more.

We did it lotsa ways, John and me. He got to looking real happy when I was bouncing on him with my tits moving the way they like to do. He's one of the men who told me he liked them a whole lot, telling me how nice and pointy they are compared to other girls, and how they move different, too.

Momma's tits are even bigger than mine, but they used to be a similar shape, I think. There aren't too many older pictures of her around, but there's one I seen that Daddy musta took, Momma in a white undershirt that looks like one of his, sorta dirty from doing some kind of work. She's not wearing a bra and it's real noticeable, her pointy tips all big and swelled looking, like mine. They still look like that now when she's with a man, but the whole of her tits is softer and kinda mushier now, hanging and swinging under her different than mine do, when she's taking a man doggy style. I guess mine'll look like that someday.

I get to thinking about tits way too much sometimes, I guess maybe because they seem to mean so much to the men. Momma and me both have big ones that are just plastered with big old dark nips. I used to hate them when I was a kid and my tits were growing, but boys and men seem to love them that way. The dark part of them is as big around as an apple, and the pointy part bulges out, sorta swelled up like a man's cock swells. The whole nipple part that fits in a man's mouth is sort of cone shaped and so tingly it can almost make me cum. They're not like most other girl's tits, but I kinda like them now. They look kinda wild under a t-shirt, the way Momma's did in that picture, which is how I wear them when I go in to the city. I like them to hang loose when I bend over a pool table, and jiggle all nice when I walk to the bar. I'm not the only girl, of course, in the bars where the oil men hang out. Most of the others are working girls, though, so I'm different. I know I could make plenty of money if I wanted to, but sex is different for me and I want to keep it that way, fun and sorta no strings attached, not some job that ends up being something you hate. Having the tits I have helps me do that, makes it easy to have this sort of hobby that I have.

Seeing as how I share men with her now, Momma likes my hobby, too. She gives me some of her welfare money so I don't have to work. She'd rather have me rested, so I can go out at night and bring home men. Sometimes I wonder if she'd like it if I charged the men money for the sex, but she's never mentioned that. I know sure she don't have no notion of me being a good girl, or anything like that, but I think maybe she's glad I'm not a real live whore.

Momma and me, we sorta fell into a orgasm competition. That sounds super formal, but it ain't nothing like that. She just thinks she can upstage me because she goes first with the men, but it just makes me try harder when it's my turn. Over the course of some months I've got my brain tuned. Don't ask me how, I just concentrate I guess. Momma cums real nice, better than I ever thought she would, but I can outdo her, pretty much every time. I don't know if the men know what's happening, but lots of 'em tell me they had fun because of how Momma and me both cum. Men like it when girls cum for real and when it's sorta loud and fun, sorta like a ride at the county fair.

That Herbert guy I mentioned, from a few days ago, he was one of those men. Older than me and younger than Momma, he's a city man with an office job and I'd be willing to bet he's got a wife and kids at home. I met him at one of the bars I go to, and my t-shirt tits mesmerized him in a way that made me smile. He followed me home, way out to the corn, our headlights lighting up the stubbly stalks like a battlefield. 

When he first saw Momma, and first heard that he had to fuck her before he could fuck me, I thought he was gonna go back to his little picket fence house in the city and tell his wife he was sorry for ever going out to bars without her. I did my usual, pulling off my t-shirt and letting my tits wobble free. They worked their magic, right down to Herbert saying, "Jesus!"

I said, "Momma, show this nice man your tits so he don't go runnin' home and leavin' us lonely."

Pretty soon Momma had him right down on the floor on his back, his whole self as naked as a jaybird, those soft, swollen-end tits of hers bouncing around like jumping beans when she fucked him loud and wild. Herbert was laughing and Momma went even wilder.

"Don't break him, Momma!" I said. I laughed too, because she was trying to upstage me again.

Momma felt Herbert cum so she took him out and his jizz squirted right up onto her tits. That made Momma laugh even more. I thought I'd grab Herbert out from under her, but she was sneaky and got spun around to a sixty-nine so fast I missed my chance.

"He's mine too, Momma!" I said. 

She just mumbled out a laugh with Herbert's nice cock in her mouth while her pussy made a mess of his face.

"Christ, I'll have to shower with the poor man before I can have him for myself!" I said.

Momma sat up some and rode Herbert's face while she jerked-off his hardened-up cock with her hand. She had one of them orgasms she saves up for the right guy, laughing and howling and screaming all at the same time, her fast moving pussy just about smashing poor Herbert's face in.

She thought she had me, I know she did, so I pulled out all the stops with Herbert when I got him to my room. I handed him a boner pill and he said he didn't want it and then I stripped the rest of me naked and I bent over and showed him my ass and pussy and he swallowed the pill down. I knew his face and his tongue was wore out and his cock was, too, so I let him lie on the bed comfortable and I kneeled over his face and let him lick me gentle to my first orgasm. It turned out to be a wicked powerful one even though he was sweet and gentle with his tongue. I made sure he and Momma heard how nice it was, my happy voice getting all stuttery like it does every time when I cum real nice.

His cock looked like it was getting some life in it again, so I gave him a real long blowjob, all nice and wet and slippery like I like to do. By the time I was done, that pill he'd took had blood pumping through every bit of him and he fucked me like a real man, just about every which-way you can do it. It was late at night and Momma should have been asleep, but there was no way she was, not with me howling and screaming and carrying on like a right proper slut.

About halfway through it all Herbert had me up against the wall, fucking hard into the back of me with so much energy I could feel the whole trailer moving. That don't happen too often and it sort of triggered me all happy inside. I came like a wild woman, my hands slapping at the wall, screaming like bloody murder.

Herbert said he felt like Superman because of that pill, the first time he'd ever taken one. I said, "Superman don't never give up. They don't tell you in them comic books, but he just makes women cum, and cum, and cum. Fuck me some more, Superman."

Me and Herbert went crazy wild, him laughing and happy like one of those kids riding them rides at the county fair.

Momma gets high with me and the men now, too, if we're lucky enough to have a man with a bag of weed. Sometimes it's shit weed, there's some real piss-poor stuff going around the oil fields. One man two weeks ago had some real good stuff, though. Bo was his name. He didn't last long when he was fucking us, but we got nice and high with him, all of us sitting around naked, smoking and laughing and drinking beer. Midnight brung on Momma's birthday, so I felt kind of bad the man I'd brought home wasn't all that good at sex. Momma didn't seem to mind. She liked getting high.

The next day, as I sat out on the steps, leaning back sorta relaxed, I smoked up the roach from one of Bo's strong marijuana cigarettes. There was quite a few puffs left in it, so it gave me a real nice buzz. Way off in the distance, through the stubble of the cut down corn, I saw the sheriff car coming up the road. I decided it wasn't too late to give Momma a nice birthday present, so I took off my bra and leaned back again, appearing close to naked in just my little thong panties. Deputy Nichols pulled in and parked next to my old shit car. He got out looking all Sheriffy, tugging at the waist of his pants and strutting over like a cock hen.

He said, "What do you think you're doin' sittin' there like that? I know it's hot out, but that's against the law. You know that."

"I did it so you'd stop," I said. "I'm powerful horny today." 

"Get inside before somebody drives by," he said.

Inside, in the living room, I said, "Lets do it here. It's Momma's birthday. She wants to watch."

The TV was on, and Momma was sprawled on her reclining chair, her big tits squeezing out of her too-small bra. Deputy Nichols looked her over, her white panties sorta gray from being old, her hair bobby-pinned back off her face to keep her cool in the stifling heat of the trailer. I thought maybe he'd say something to her because they're the same age and they went to school together until the eighth grade when Momma dropped out, but he didn't say anything. He undid his gun belt and I went to my knees like I always do, unfastening his black pants with my fingers.

"See, Momma? I told you it was a big one," I said, showing off the deputy's hard cock before I sucked it into my mouth. He seemed to like it, being seen like that, and he moaned real nice and looked up at the ceiling while I blowed him. That's when I unhooked the strap on his holster and pulled out his gun.

"You're gonna fuck Momma now, or I'm gonna shoot you," I said.

It took him by surprise, but he must have been trained to act all serious even though I was smiling.

"Shit girl!" he said. "Put that down!"

"Fuck my Momma for her birthday and I'll put it down. And then you can fuck me. You've always wanted to, haven't you? Wanted to fuck me?"

I could see the wheels turning in Deputy Nichols' brain. He looked at me kneeling there almost naked, his heavy gun in my hand. He looked at it real good, probably seeing that the safety was still on. There wasn't no way I was gonna shoot anybody, and I'm sure he knew it.

"I'll fuck you both, if that's what you want, but give me that gun. That's some serious shit we can't mess around with."

It all worked out real nice. I got a scolding for touching his gun, but it was the fun kind of scolding, him slapping me while he was fucking me, making Momma scream for him to stop doing it. It was the first time me and Momma had both fucked a man in the same room. I'd watched her with the men quite a bit, but I'd always taken them to my room to have my way with them in private. Being fucked by Deputy Nichols right there on the living room couch with Momma watching was all new and pretty exciting. It was the best birthday she ever had I think, being fucked herself by a big policeman's cock and then watching me go all wild with it, every way I knew how.
