 "It's waxing." 

He knew even as he said it that she would not answer. Even though she liked to chat, there was something here that did not want talking. It seemed odd it would be him to break the silence when it was always he that reveled in it, dancing in sound's emptiness like a spirit alone among loud men. He much preferred listening to her talk, although she knew how to make him ascend the nearest soapbox if he wanted to watch him rant. The sound of her pitch rising and falling was enough to keep his attention, but often she said things that were disarming and witty and, sometimes, so innocent his eyes would rise from her lips to her green eyes expecting she was teasing him. Her so called windows of the soul expertly hid the truth of her mind; one of those things he was always drawn to. 

But this night she was not speaking. And he could tell the night wanted it so. Instead he watched her stand there, looking up at the sky. The orange tinted lights from the city ruined any chance to see a true array of stars, but still she stared up at the only thing in the sky worth seeing. It was three days in the making from the new moon, though he did not care for the moon when she was there before him. His thoughts and desires were more earthbound. 

Instead, he used this opportunity as he often did when chance allowed. The street light nearest them cast a nimbus about the crown of her head, darker in color but shining in response where the light caught a tress and ran down as far as physics would allow. He followed where the light left off down the back of her head and the tumble of her hair past the top of her back, some of it lying chaotically on shoulders he longed to trace with his lips. Down the back he often imagined bare before him, pale in the darkness, a source of light he could touch. But that was imagination. It was hidden from him even as it seemed so near to his fingertips; barred from him by fabric and the thick walls of civilized propriety and fidelity. Even while he gnashed his teeth in frustration, he relished in the sweet dichotomous agony of desire. 

Her legs were not quite shoulder width apart and he could see the light just below where her legs parted from her center. His eyes lingered there on the inviting swell of her ass. As if on cue, she shifted her weight and the movement was enough to make his heart pick up the pace and his lips part for a quiet intake of breath. He realized in that short space of time he had forgotten to breathe since he had spoken what seemed an hour gone. His lungs ached in response, but not nearly enough to overcome the deeper ache that was growing within him.

He shifted a little and looked away. It was hot out, but what was new this time of year. He looked to the side down the length of the road and tried to refocus his mind. He could feel the sweat on his brow and just the overall stickiness of being outside. It would be nice if a breeze would come and cool his skin, cool the fire in his belly. Not like it mattered. He had to get back anyway. Slowly walking toward her, he could feel the gravel crackle under his skin. On such a quiet night it sounded like it was the groaning of the tectonic plates. The few feet between them became a few inches and he stood behind and a little left of her, his eyes automatically drawn over her shoulder past the collar and the swell of her neck, along the collarbone and to the sweet valley between her breasts. Halted by the hem of the shirts neckline he traced his way back, his eyes caressing her skin, up her neck and over her chin to lips that begged to be kissed. He bit his lower lip hoping the little pain would focus his mind elsewhere. It didn't work.

Suddenly, as if she could sense his discomfort, she turned to face him, those same lips turning into a smile. "What?"

"Just admiring you."

"Oh, stop," she mumbled looking away again.

"No, really." It was then that he took the chance. He slid his hand along the small of her back, as she looked back at him her eyes widening in something like mild alarm. The die was cast, so he had to follow through come what may. No time to think about her response, just hope and act. He stepped closer and his lips touched hers. He could feel her shoulder against his chest as his hand tightened on her hip, his other hand pulling her a bit closer. Just a closed kiss, but the softness was so inviting he paused only slightly before kissing her harder, his tongue pushing past to dance with her own. A part of him was surprised that instead of pushing him away, she leaned back, then slowly turned while they kissed, each kiss a little longer than the last. He loved how she tasted, and how she responded to his passion in kind with her own. This was better than he imagined. 

He raised his hand to her face, his thumb just along the soft underside of her jaw, the rest of his fingers gently cradling her head just behind the ear, deep in her hair. Her arms went around his waist, one up his back to rest on his shoulder and pulling him down to her as he paused to glance at her eyes; the other hand sliding behind his waist gripping his shirt in her fist. He could feel himself rising and his other hand cupped that rear end he had so often watched, gripping it lightly even while pushing her lower body against his to let her feel the effect she had on him. The pressure of her against him was so intense he found it hard not to throw her on the ground and take her there, in that very moment. It was then she pulled back gently, looking up to him. 

His face reflected in her eyes, but he could see a fire smoldering deep in her eyes as well. That she might want him too had never occurred to him. He opened his mouth to say something, what he had no idea, but something. She was having none of that and she drew her arm from around his waist and pressed her finger to his lips. She smiled again, a bit impishly, and then drew away. After being so close the new distance was torture. Instead she took his hand lightly in hers and tugged him towards the door. 

As soon as the door opened, he felt the cool from the air conditioner strike him, envelop him in its coldness and he suppressed a shudder. He stepped in behind her and she led him forward into the living room. Kicking the door closed behind him, he let himself be led forward. It was cliché, but wild horses could not have kept him back at this point. Stopping at the couch she spun quickly, pulling his arm around her and leaned up to begin again what began outside. His lips touched hers the initial chill of them leaving in a second, and their tongues grappled again. He paused long enough to trace the outline of those wonderful lips with his tongue as he tugged her closer to him. His hand slipped under her shirt and his fingers danced along her spine and he tugged at her bra strap. He felt her chuckle in the midst of another long kiss and she backed up her knees against the couch seat. He watched her intently as she paused, and then with a look of firm decision, she slipped her top off in one swift motion, tossing it to the floor and with another few motions, he bra quickly followed. 

Unable to help himself he looked down from her eyes over the swell of her breasts. No surprise they were lovely to look upon and he stepped forward, kissing her again, then kissing slowly down her chin. Nibbling at the end of her chin, he darted his tongue out to trace her neck down to the collarbone, and then gently pressed his lips in the dip at the base of her neck. Her arms hung at her side, letting it happen, a slight moan passing her lips as he kissed her there. Then he dropped to his knees, his hand lifting one of those tits to his mouth, his tongue tracing the areola and then gently raking his teeth over the nipple. He leaned back to watch it swell and stiffen before taking as much in his mouth as he could. He let go and turned his head enough to kiss the other on the side where it separated from the middle of her chest. Damn, her skin tasted so good. He leaned back, his hands going to her jeans, unbuttoning them and sliding them over the hips they accentuated, her own hands going to the back to give some help. He kissed her belly right over the navel after she stepped out of them, his hands sliding up the backs of her legs and on her ass pulling her forward a bit as he did so. Standing up he smiled and tore his own shirt off and then leaned in again for another long kiss. Their breath was faster now as were the kisses. 

She then sat down abruptly, her hands going to his belt and with a few motions his own pants were sliding down his legs, his underwear along with them. His member was engorged and full on as he stepped out of them with her help. She looked up at him, her face slightly red and then her hand slid between his legs to cup his balls as she took him in her mouth. His head fell back and he closed his eyes giving himself over to the feeling. As her other hand ran along the back of his leg, her fingers splayed out and gripping the leg, he looked down, watching her. When she looked up to him again his knees almost buckled. One of his hands went to grip her hair, tugging it slightly as he closed his hand into a fist. He watched her swallow him again and again and he bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from exploding. 

Knowing if he let her carry on this way for too long, it would end too soon. He wanted too much from this and he withdrew from her and kneeled down in front of her. She sat watching him. He pushed her back so she was slouched and he enjoyed the movement of her breasts as she settled back. He leaned forward and slid his hands up her calves to her knees as he moved closer. Bending his head he kissed her solar plexus and then tracked his tongue down to her navel and tickled her with it darting it in and out to foreshadow his intent. His hands pushed her knees further apart as he bent further down and one hand then nudged her leg prompting her to slouch further and pulling her pelvis partly off the edge of the couch. His other hand moved up, a finger going just below the waistband of her underwear, the backside of his nail running over her skin He could feel it shudder lightly beneath his touch and he smiled even as he sat further down and turned his head to kiss her inner thigh. 

Glancing up to her, he could see her eyes were closed and her breathing faster lifting her chest again and again. Smiling to himself he leaned down to her mound and kissed it through the cloth, breathing the musk of her deeply. He could not wait to taste her and he was unable to stop the rumbling sound in is chest of desire, impatience, and anticipation. He moved one hand to rest on the top of her thigh gripping it as the other hand pulled the fabric to the side, and he moved in, kissing again. Then he slipped his tongue between her folds flattening it against her clit. He felt her lift her hips to his mouth eagerly. Leaning back he pulled her underwear down and off of one leg. He was not willing to wait for the second leg before moving in once more, two fingers spreading her labia to give him access. 

He could feel she was wet and ready but he wanted to be some time about this. She did not seem to mind either as one of her hands moved to the back of his head applying some pressure, her legs closing a bit as well. He licked her and teased her, his tongue moving around her clit but avoiding it. Thrusting his tongue inside her he welcomed her hips rising in time. Then he pressed his tongue flat again, one hand rising to slip a finger in, deep and hooked slightly against the roof of her passage. Wiggling his finger slightly as he drew it in and out, he rubbed her clit with the flat of his tongue. She smelled amazing and her pussy seemed to beg for more. He kept at it, listening to her response and pressure driving him onward. He longed to have her come while he fingered her, but he wanted even more to be inside her. He leaned back on his legs and looked at her, slowly withdrawing his finger and sliding it up her slit to rub her clit a few seconds. Her eyes opened and matched his. He smiled crookedly and lay back on the floor his other hand tugging her behind the knee, his other reaching for her hand. 

Gripping his hand she lowered herself from the couch and straddled him, leaning forward, her nipples grazing his chest. She reached down between them and grabbed his hardness and held him while she lowered herself onto him. His head lay back onto the floor as he slipped in slowly, so damned slowly. He could feel her muscles tightening on his cock and he looked up at her pleased to see the response in her face as her eyes, half-closed, looked down on him. She sat on him for a few moments and they just enjoyed the connection, the closeness. She leaned forward and lay on his chest, her lips locking onto his. He held her tightly, one hand on her ass, the other around her back crushing her tits against his chest as he kissed her again. She started to move her hips on him and he kissed her harder. Pushing her back so she sat upright he watched as she reached down one hand to toy with her clit. He kept that hand on her rear end as she rose and fell on him, grinding down hard as she settled in his lap. He reached up to knead one of her breasts, pinching her nipples and playing with it while she ground harder and harder. The sounds coming from her were like music to him and he found himself lifting his hips to meet her as she came down again and again. Then she leaned back and groaned hard, over and over again between harsh breaths. He could feel her grip his cock as the spasms moved through her body. She stopped there riding it out and then leaned forward again to kiss him again, softer, more sensual and longer. 

He responded and kissed her over again as they both caught their breath, but he wanted more of her. He lifted her off of him and got up behind her, goading her on all fours. He moved his hand between her legs as she reached up for a pillow from the couch to lean on. He made that sound again as he felt her wet on his hand and while he moved behind her, his other hand grabbing himself to guide his way, he tasted her again, breathing in the smell of her as he did. Then he slid into her hard in one thrust pausing there for a moment as she pushed back against him. He loved the way her spine curved as she arched and relaxed. He began to move in and out of her, slowly at first, his hands moving along her back or reaching around to tease her tits, just wanting to touch her all over. He leaned down as he moved and kissed her back and he could feel her reach up to touch him as he fucked her. He knew she was rubbing her clit again and he hoped to get her off again. He picked up the pace, on hand gripping her hair to tug as he thrust hard into her. He could hear her beginning to moan again. Faster he moved and he let go of her hair so he could put both hands on her hips and pull her against him each time he stroked into her wet pussy. He spanked her hard a few times as he drew out, only to pull her hard again as he pushed in.

He knew it was coming soon and his breathing got ragged. With a grunt he held his breath and pushed in harder than before. His cock jumped inside and he came, shooting deep into her. He could feel her milking him and she reached further down to cup his balls as he came. Just holding himself there, keeping himself as deep as he could, he leaned down again to kiss her back. He could feel the sweat on his forehead and he tried to catch his breath. She leaned up and turned her head and he kissed her again, slow and long.

After a little time, he drew out from her and they lay on the floor together, her leg thrown across his midsection, her crotch against his thigh. He looked at her and they both smiled. It was hard to define the moment, but he knew he would not soon forget this. He hoped he would have her again soon. He could already feel himself stiffening again just thinking about what they might do the next time. He kissed her gently and spoke again. 'Thank you." 

She smiled one of the best smiles he had ever seen on her before.