 Fantasies, we all have them, they are as much a part of us as breathing; and if you say no, well you're not being very truthful to yourself. I am writing this because I thought you might like to hear mine. So dim the lights, put on a little soft music and just go ahead and get down to the bare essentials lay back and enjoy, feel free to touch yourself for me.

This cover shoot was to be like any other, the good-looking guy who is so stuck on him self he can't see straight. You know exactly the kind I'm talking about, the perfect, flawless, man, the man whose brain is in the head of his dick. As I think of the day's events, I am forced to smile, because I couldn't have been more wrong.

As I was setting up back drops and props I noticed this large dark shadow cast on the wall, slowly I turned and standing behind me was this Viking God who just appeared out of nowhere. Now don't get me wrong I have seen some pretty sexy men in my time, it comes with the territory; but this one turned me on from the moment I looked into his crystal blue eyes. They were alive, the kind that seduced you, caressed you and made you feel all-warm inside. He stuck his hand out to introduce himself.

"I'm Ty, I'm here for the shoot." I could feel myself getting wet at just the sound of his voice. The words rolled off of his tongue like honey, even his name had an erotic ring to it. Oh Goddess Bless, I thought; what have they done to me? This was just the type of prank Steve or Terry would pull; send me a guy that made me hotter then a day in the Georgia sun and he turned out to like other men or something; he was too good to be true. This was going to be a very distracting shoot I could tell. 

"Nice to meet you Ty, I'm Ani, if your ready we'll get this show on the road."

I'll be shooting various backgrounds to find which suits you best, if you're ready to get started I'll show you to the dressing room." Picking up his bag, Ty slung it over his shoulder tossing his long golden tresses out of the way.

"I am at your disposal, show me the way." Flashing me a smile that could melt an iceberg he held out his large hand. Damn, he wanted me to take his hand and lead him there. He knew exactly what he was doing to me. I could feel my cheeks burning so I knew I was either blushing or about to burst into flames, one of the two. Apprehensively I reached out to take his hand; I was almost knocked out of my socks. Quickly I let it fall and raced to the room where he could shed his clothing and we could get this over with. I like my job but today was one of those days.

Making my way back to the studio, I tried thinking about where we should start first; with his pale skin tone and his golden hair which held the most beautiful reddish bronzed tones, I wanted to make sure that we brought those out along with the color of his eyes. It wasn't long after I returned that I heard the padding of bare feet coming down the hall. I braced myself for what was to come. I could hear a sigh escape my lips as he turned the corner with towel intact. I was thankful for that slight reprieve. I knew it would come off sooner or later, but for now, I could look him in the face and not be distracted by the force of nature down below.

Grabbing the stool, he came over to the table where I was getting my cameras ready; he sat down; the towel showing just enough of his thick muscled thigh to make me lose concentration. He was like nothing I had ever seen. I wanted to just kiss his perfect mouth, to softly trace his lips with my tongue. Standing about 6'4, the man had the body of a God. His shoulders were wide, which was perfect for his chest that was so close to me, I wanted to reach out and touch him, to run my hands over the soft down that I could see. I wanted to tease his nipples until they were as hard as my own, to run my tongue over them, bite them gently. Goddess bless, what was I thinking, shaking the thought from my head I turned my attention back to the subject at hand. This was it I thought. This was the ultimate test of torture. "The Dropping of the Towel"

As I waved my hands toward the set, I watched him move across the room with the grace of a wolf stalking his prey. Without any warning Ty pulled the end of the towel and to the floor it fell, leaving me a quivering wreck; my legs didn't want to work. I could hear his voice faint in the distance asking me if everything was ok. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. I watched as his oiled body glistened under the lights, with out hesitation I placed the camera on the table and picked up a spray bottle of water, zombie like I walked over to him and started spraying him, letting the cool water run down his body. He was enjoying this.

Reaching down he stroked it ever so gently and I watched unscrupulously as his uncut cock came to life, I closed my eyes for a brief moment to gain some composure.

"This shouldn't take long at all." I spit out trying to make casual conversation before I put my foot in my mouth.

"Take as long as you want, I'm in no hurry." I could see his smart-ass grin as he watched the look that washed over my face. Unconsciously I licked my lips; I needed something to drink, cold water, a cold shower, a plunge in the artic just might work. I wondered just how obvious my feelings were. Picking up my camera, I began to snap off shot after shot, he was a natural. The expressions on his face as he touched various parts of his anatomy were amazing. He was getting off on this and in turn I was getting hotter by the minute.

"Ok Ty, this is the last set, let's do the ole lone lagoon scene with the full water fall effect, it's not far so you can just leave the towel here. I couldn't believe I said that.

"You're the boss, whatever works for you, is ok with me." He gave me one of those evil fucking grins tying his golden locks back in a ponytail. Yeah I thought to myself this was it; I was almost home free. Just a few more shots and I can go home and take that long relieving shower that I so richly deserve.

"Just tell me where you want me Hun." I watched as he winked at me. I wanted to scream out, in my pants; where do you think I want you? God his cock was so big, all I wanted to do was touch it, stroke it, and put it in my mouth and take as much of it as I could. I could see my tongue running around the head; caressing it, milking it until he gave up and surrendered to me. I motioned for him to get into the makeshift lagoon as I walked over to the switch and turned on the waterfall. He sat on the edge of the pool and lay back on his elbows, his huge cock slapped bone hard against his stomach. I snapped off half the roll, as I watched him through my lens. I could hear my heart pounding in my head. And I knew that I couldn't take it anymore. I had never done this before; getting mixed up with the models was against my policy so I was counting on him to keep doing just what he was doing. As I set the camera down, clothes began to disappear and reappear in a trail from the table to the pool. In a trance like state I slid next to him. Running my hands up over his thighs, I brushed my hand against his hardness.

"What took you so long?" Taking his cock in his hand once more he slowly stroked it, my eyes never leaving it for one moment. I wanted to give this man something that he would forever remember; ME. Pushing him back, I took his rigid member in my hands and rubbed the head across my wet lips, tasting him with my tongue. Lowering my mouth over him I closed my lips around him tightly, moving my whole mouth slowly up and down as I pumped him, with my mouth and hands working together it wasn't long before I felt his legs tighten, but he stopped me and moved my mouth away, pulling me up beside him. With feathery kisses he brushed against my lips gently parting them with his tongue. Never had I encountered such a man before, so erotic, so passionate...so confident, this was as much of a turn on as he was. Oh Mother of Thor help me I thought.

Laying me back, he straddled my waist, sliding his glistening wet body over mine. His hardness tickled the inside of my thigh; gently he pushed my legs apart and touched me, caressing me with his fingers. 

"You want this don't you baby" mesmerized all I could do was nod, I was afraid that if I so much as breathed, he would disappear. Looking into his cool blue eyes I felt his finger tracing my wetness, teasing my slickness apart, dipping into my sweet nectar; I watched as he brought his finger to my mouth. Running my tongue over my lips I tasted the sweet tartness of myself; reaching up, wrapping my arms around his neck, gently I pulled him closer kissing him sharing my sweetness with him.

His hot mouth slid downwards, leaving a scorching trail of fire tasting the satin smoothness of my flesh as the tip of his tongue swirling- dancing around, sought out my pebble pink nipples, first one and then the other, suckling, feather like kisses taste-tickled my belly as he continued on. I closed my eyes; this was insanity. I heard the loud intake of my breath as I felt his heated mouth against my skin, warm and wet his tongue parted my lips flicking at the small hard nub, catching it between his lips, rolling his tongue-tip over it, grazing it gently with his teeth, this was unreal. Never had any man that I had ever been with make me feel this way, and this was only foreplay.

I wanted him, brazen and bold, I wanted this man to take me, nothing but pure animalistic pleasure I thought, as soft throaty growls came from somewhere deep inside of me. I watched the eroticism in his touch as he devoured me, grinding against his mouth as his tongue licked me, plunging in and out, drinking me, my legs felt like jelly, I could feel the intensity building up in the pit of my womanhood, wanting relief, but trying to hold on as long as I could, it felt to damn good. Tightly gripping the ground beneath me I could hear my low throaty moans echoing around the room as I took on one of the most earth quaking orgasms ever recorded in history, and he wasn't finished. Standing up, straddling me, he gently held my legs with his, sliding his large hands up my arms, he laced his finger through mine lifting my hands over my head, lying gently over me, I closed my eyes. 

I could hear his voice, "Open your eyes Ani', and look at me." With one hand holding my hands atop my head, the other gently rubbed my clit and all I could think of at the moment was oh god just fuck me. Kissing my neck he spoke again, "tell me what you want."

I could barely breathe when he stood up and my legs went straight into the air and over his shoulders. In a small voice I whispered.

"Take me, Ty," I panted out, desire was consuming and I was on fire.

"What was that?" He grinned; "You're going to have to ask me better then that" he smiled wickedly as he teased- tortured me by sliding his cock along my wetness. 

"Please don't make me wait" I pleaded in a shy, seductive voice. I watched as he shook his head, 

"You know what I want to hear."

"Please don't make me wait "I begged, looking into his eye I gave him the wickedest, sexiest pout I could come up with and demanded his attention.

" I want you to. Fuck me, burry all that hard cock inside of me." I could feel the head of his cock rubbing softly against my throbbing clit, and back to my tight little honey pot, and then slowly I felt him pushing, entering me, teasing me with just the head, I gasped, it was not in pain but of pleasure that this was born, he was so big, I could feel him easing into me, my body stretching to accommodate. A little at a time he eased himself inside of me until he was halfway there, moving slowly in and out so that he wouldn't hurt me. Slow was good, but this was killing me I wanted him to take me hard, all of him. I couldn't get enough of him and this was pure torture.

Picking up the rhythm, my legs slid down over his shoulders and around his waist, pulling him deeper into me as I tightened my muscles around his cock, milking him. Harder he pounded, and I met each thrust, arching my body against his. I had to feel his flesh, my hands roamed over his back, nails raking him. I could feel myself starting to lose it as my body began to tighten, I could feel my nub about to explode, and a sound I didn't recognize came spilling forth from my mouth as a cry of release came. Oh no I thought, I was going to make this man remember this day. Somehow he rolled over and I ended up on top, I giggled, this is it for you bud, I thought to myself. This was my favorite place to be. Slowly I began pacing myself, riding him like a stallion, thighs tucked in tight gripping his hips and moving with the flow, slow ups and tight muscled grips on the down slide. Reaching behind me I caressed his balls, wishing Santa would bring me one like this for Christmas. I felt his hands grip my hips, plunging me down onto his cock over and over again, pulling me against him as he sat in an upright position, he whispered in my ear.

"Cum for me Ani," looking into his eyes I could see pure animal, and if one looked deep enough one could see the soul. "Tell Me," he whispered again. Moving his hair away from his face, I leaned close to his ear, gently sucking his ear lobe.

"I want to feel you deep inside of me.... I want you fuck me," I whispered into his mouth as I began to kiss him deeply, exploring his mouth, sucking on his tongue. I felt him playfully slap my ass and it was on, grabbing my hips he moved me up and down on his cock until I thought it was sure to rip through me, but damn what a feeling. My insides were about to explode as I rode him, his face buried in my breast. Breath I thought it wouldn't be long now. I was no longer in control of my body, he was. Every move he made did something to make my body cry out, this was not just sex; this was pure animalistic, unadulterated passion in its truest form, we were savages. The sound of body against body, could be heard allover the studio. Unclaimed passions spilled from our lips. I heard throaty growls developing down deep and as if by some unknown force our cries filled the air, giving into the primitive dance of lust.

I lay back, with him still inside of me, letting the small aftershocks take over. I giggled momentarily and looked up to find him staring at me strangely.

"I have never cum like that in my life." My breathing still labored as I fought to catch my breath.

I could see a wide grin break out across his face. 

"What" I asked dumbfounded.

"If you give me a moment to catch my breath, I'll have you begging for mercy. That my love was foreplay"

Well it's no Romeo and Juliet but it did the trick for me... This was one of my fantasies, now if you're a good I'll tell you another one sometime.