 NOTE: this story is 100% fictional. It is a sequel to my story "Mina Slips and has Sex with Mark" and it involves adultery, revenge sex, rough sex, mild violence, etc. If you are offended by this please skip reading.

*****

It's been almost three weeks since my best friend Mark fucked my wife Mina, right in front of me. The fact that she had sex with someone else while I was watching did not bother me as much. As I said before, we have quite an open marriage, and all the things we did before probably led to what happened that night. Sure, I could've stopped it, but I didn't. Why? The answer is pretty simple. I enjoyed it. 

I loved watching Mina being destroyed by a big cock. I loved watching her sweaty tight ass cheeks moving, while she received what must be the biggest cock of her life. I loved the fact that she went nuts from pleasure and desire. I love my wife and I want her to be happy. So if she feels a need to fuck someone with a big cock from time to time, I have no problem with that; just as long as we discuss it before. 

So what was the problem? The problem was that it was my best friend who fucked her. He took advantage of her being tipsy and horny and fucked her right in front of me; without even discussing it with me in advance. Sure, it was Mina's fault as much as his, but I loved Mina. We had an argument the day after he fucked her, and she said she was never gonna do it again without my consent, with him or with anyone else for that matter. And I believed her. She was sore for days, and complained that his cock was big even for her. But the sex we had, following this event was amazing.

But Mark, he never even called to apologize. He just fucked my wife and left, as it was nothing. I was mad at him, but I realized that I was angrier because of what he did after, than because he fucked my wife. Days went by, and I thought about it from time to time. Mina went to visit her parents and was supposed to stay there for several days. My anger was starting to fade away, when I got a phone call. It was Mona, Marks long term girlfriend. 

"Will you and Mina be home later afternoon?" she asked. "I'm having some problems with Mark and I wanted your advice."

"Mina's not here, but you can talk to me if you want," I said. 

We were good friend for years now, ever since she started dating Mark, and this was not the first time she comes to talk about her problems. But it's usually with Mina there as well. Yes, she was a good friend, but I still fantasized about fucking her. She could be flirty from time to time, and we often joked with sexual innuendos, but I never really tried anything. She was my buddy's girl for fuck's sake, and I could never do that to him.

"OK, I'll meet you in two hours," she said cheerfully and hung up.

I stood there holding my phone for a few seconds, when I realized that I was daydreaming about her. That fucker fucked my wife, so what's stopping me now from doing the same to him? But she would never go through with it. Or would she? She did say she found me attractive, on several occasion, but I dismissed it as her just being polite. What if she really meant it?

I continued to think about her, and I got pretty turned on. I went to grab a shower and cool myself down a little bit. Instead I ended up stroking myself while thinking about those luscious lips, sexy ass, and tight little pussy between her legs. I came hard. 

I showered and I got dressed. There was still an hour left before she was supposed to be here and I was still horny as fuck. I decided to watch some porn. 

Around 4 pm the doorbell rang.

I got up and opened the door. It was Mona, and she was sexy as hell. Figure of a supermodel, straight long brown hair with blonde wisps, full lips with dark red lipstick, tanned skin, very sexy outfit, and 5 inch heels. She was a sex doll.

"Stop drooling and let me in," she laughed.

"I'll let you in, but just so that I can enjoy the rear view, just as much as I enjoyed the front," I teased her. 

"Sweet talker, as always," she said and came in. 

"Would you like something to drink? I got coffee, juice, or maybe you'd like something stronger?" I asked her.

"Give me the strongest stuff you've got," she said.

"You got it," I said and poured us each a double shot of whiskey. 

I set on a sofa next to her.

"So what's up?" I asked casually.

"He cheated on me," she said bluntly.

"Wait, what?" I stuttered confused. "How do you know?"

"Well, that's the thing. I don't," she continued, "but I'm sure of it."

"He's been acting differently for the past few weeks, and I know that he's fucked another girl," she added. "He's been distant, he avoids talking to me, and he's been spending way too much time out. Do you know what's going on?" she asked me.

I paused for a second; all kinds of thoughts going through my mind. Of course I knew what's going on. He'd fucked my wife, all right. But how do I tell her this? And do I tell her at all? 

"I swear to God," she continued already sounding pissed. "If he's fucked another slut I'm gonna go and fuck every guy he knows."

"Come on Mona, you don't mean it," I said sympathetically.

"Of course I don't, but I feel so stupid now," she said. "I could've fucked a hundred guys by now, but I chose to be faithful. I mean, I have guys hitting on me all the time. And I mean really hitting on me, not fooling around like you. And some of them are really handsome," she continued.

"I'm sure you do Mona. I mean look at you, a regular head-turner," I complimented on her. "If it weren't for Mina and Mark, I'd be all over you myself, you know," I joked, but I actually meant every word. "But they sure don't deserve our loyalty," I continued in more serious tone.

"What do you mean?" she asked and looked up at me puzzled. 

"Well, I'm just gonna say it," I said. "You were right, he cheated on you."

"Oh my God, that motherf..." she yelled. "I knew it. Who is she? You have to tell me. Who is that fucking slut?" she fumed.

"Mina," I said, and lowered my head, faking being sad.

"M-Mina?" she repeated in a broken voice. "Oh my god..." she said and started to cry. 

I moved closer to her and hugged her. Her face was wet, and her mascara was smeared around her eyes. She looked so sexy, and I wished I could fuck her right now, here on the sofa. 

"Shhhhh, It'll be OK," I tried to calm her down.

"How could he do that to me?" she asked sobbing. "How could they do this to us?" she continued. "How the fuck could they do this to us?" she said louder. 

Her anger was taking over. She stopped crying, wiped her tears from her face and took one sip of whiskey. She looked straight into my eyes. 

"It will not be OK," she said, "but I'll be damned if I let him get away with this, that cheating motherfucker."

She calmed down a little bit but she was obviously still very angry. She murmured something that I could not understand.

"What was that?" I asked.

"I said don't get mad, get even," she replied with a clear and slow tone, while staring directly into me. 

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean we should return them the favor?" she replied. "It's only fair that we do that to them too, don't you think?"

I gazed at her with my mouth open. I couldn't believe that she was saying this. Was she serious? Here was my chance to fuck Mona, which was something I've dreamed about for years. But it was wrong to take advantage of her in such a vulnerable state. But then again, that fucker Mark didn't have a problem to take advantage of my drunken wife. I tried to calm her down a little bit.

"Come on, you're upset. You're not thinking clearly," I said.

"Of course I'm upset! You just told me that my boyfriend fucked your wife, my good friend," she said. 

"I want to get back at him," she continued. "I need you to help me get back at him."

I sat there in silence. This was working well for me. I decided that she was serious, so I took the initiative.

"So, are you saying that we should have sex?" I said, and my heart started beating faster.

She just nodded while staring at the floor. She wiped her eyes again, took another sip of whiskey and looked back at me.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked, with more determination.

"Yes," she whispered.

"I want you to tell me that you want me to fuck you," I pushed her further.

"I want you to fuck me," she whispered again.

"Louder," I said.

"YES GODDAMIT!" she screamed and stood up." I want you to FUCK me. PLEASE FUCK ME, RIGHT NOW," she almost cried. "FUCK ME YOU BASTARD," she screamed. "I need this," she added, now in a whisper. 

"Sure, I'll do that," I said and stood up. "If you do what I say?"

"Whatever you want me to do...I swear..." she said more calmly, with a hint of excitement in her voice.

"I want to record it," I said. "And I want to show it to Mark and Mina. Are you OK with it?"

"I guess..." she said with a low voice, and then added more confidently "YES. That fucking asshole deserves to see me fucked."

"Perfect," I said. "Why don't you go to my bedroom and I'll join you in a minute."

My heart was beating like mad. I couldn't believe this was happening. Mona wants me to fuck her, like in my wildest dreams. I quickly took the camera and a tripod and went to my bedroom. I stopped for a second before I entered to regain my calm. I wanted to have the upper hand here. This was my chance to do whatever I wanted with her, if I played it right, and I wasn't gonna blow it by rushing.

I entered the room and Mona was already there, still dressed. She was sitting on the bed, supported by her hands, while her legs were bent in her knees and slightly spread. She was wearing tight pants, dark grey, almost black. They looked like yoga pants, but made of coarser material, with two buttons, zipper, and a wide waistband reaching almost her sexy pierced belly button. They went a few inches above her pretty ankles, and I instantly imagined holding those ankles with her legs rested on my shoulders, while I fuck her wet little cunt. I was almost fully hard now. 

She was also wearing a tucked in long sleeved shirt. It was all black, with lacey design on her sleeves; completely transparent from her waist and all the way up to her tits, with slightly darker pattern covering her bra. I could not see the bra clearly, but I could see enough to get me started. 

I installed the tripod and the camera, and started recording. 

"Undress," I commanded. 

She got up, reached for her pants and unzipped them, exposing beautiful dark blue panties. She turned around, slightly bent over, and I realized that it was a semi thong, partially transparent. She took off her pants and threw them on the floor. She slowly took off her shirt, and then unclasped her bra. Then she turned around to face me and the camera, while holding her bra in her hand. She paused a bit, like she is reconsidering. 

"Go on," I encouraged her. 

She slowly took away her bra, exposing her beautiful tits. They were slightly bigger then my wife's, with dark areolas and big protruding nipples. She quickly pinched her right nipple, smiled at me, like she was encouraging herself, and then hooked her thumbs to her panties. She eased them down and dropped them on the floor. She stepped one leg out of it, and then hooked them on with the other leg and threw them in my direction. I caught them with my hand and immediately brought them to my nose and sniffed them. There was a small wet patch on them, and they smelled absolutely intoxicating.

"Now get down on the bed and spread your legs," I said, commanding her again. 

She resumed her previous position, and looked at me, breathing heavily and licking her lips. 

"Rub your pussy for me," I said.

She licked her fingers and started playing with her beautiful glistening pussy. She closed her eyes and rubbed it faster, sticking her middle finger from time to time deep in her now dripping wet opening. I went to a drawer and took two of Mina's dildos, one smaller and one larger. I also took two silk scarfs, a blindfold, a belt and a bottle of body oil. I put it down on the bed and went back next to the camera. 

By now Mona was finger fucking her pussy fast. She was moaning and twisting her hips, but I didn't want her to come yet. 

"Take the big dildo," I said. 

She obeyed. She took the dildo, licked it and started sucking on it while still playing with her cunt. After some time, she took it out of her mouth and started teasing her pussy with it. She was moving it up and down along her pussy lips, rubbing herself, while playing with her tits with her free hand. Then she put it inside and gasped. She slowly eased it in while moaning out loud. 

"I want you in me," she said, while fucking herself. 

"Please fuck me, now," she said in a pleading voice.

"Please fuck me Rick. I want your cock, I need your cock in me, right now," she begged. „PLEASE FUCK ME OR I'LL GO CRAZY."

„I will, but not just yet," I said.

„Take the other dildo and get on your hands and knees," I instructed her.

„Now prepare that sweet little butthole," I said while giving her the oil. 

She applied some of the oil on her fingers and started stretching her amazing asshole. It was a heavenly sight. My best friends' girlfriend, a top model type of a woman, here in my bedroom, on her knees, stretching her sweet honey hole and preparing to stick a dildo in it. 

She added one more finger, and after a few minutes a third one. Now she was ready for something bigger. 

„Now fuck your sweet ass with that dildo, and fuck it hard," I said.

She laid her head down on the mattress, leaving her ass high up in the air. She grabbed her left ass cheek with her left hand and pushed the dildo half way up her ass with her right hand. She left it there for a few seconds, and then started fucking herself with it faster and faster. She groaned and moaned and I realized that she will cum this time, and I decided to let her do it. She deserved a little reward. 

"Oh, oh, oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, aaaahhh, YESSSS, FUCK!" she screamed shivering, and let out a prolonged moan. 

She was still in the same position, breathing heavily with a dildo sticking out of her ass. I let her rest for a minute and then I climbed up on the bed. My cock was killing me in my pants. It's never been harder, but I still wanted to do one thing before I take my turn on her.

I took the silk scarves and tied her hands to the headboard posts. She could still move her arms, but only for a couple of inches. Then I took a blindfold and put it over her eyes. She was silent all the way. I left her there and I went to grab another drink. I came back and I set on the floor with a drink in my hand. I unbuttoned my pants to release my cock and it sprang out in full size. I slowly stroke it while watching Mona and sipping my drink. 

After maybe ten minutes I stood up and got up on the bed. I positioned her legs so that her ass was up and her legs slightly spread. Her head was down and her arms were raised up tied to the posts. I touched her neck with my fingers and moved them all the way down to her lower back, barely touching her. She shivered. I got to my knees, I took her ass cheeks in my hands and I licked her puckered asshole with the tip of my tongue. She moaned.

I started eating her out alternating between her ass and her pussy, licking and slurping and enjoying her sweet juices. 

"Oh my God, oh my God!" she moaned.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked while taking the belt.

"Yes," she said. 

"Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked again and slapped her lightly on her ass cheek.

She let out a brief scream.

"Yes, fuck me, please," she answered.

"Do you want me to fuck your tight little pussy with my hard cock?" I asked again and slapped her harder.

She screamed again, this time a little bit louder.

"Yes, fuck me with your hard cock," she answered anxiously. 

"What are you?" I asked and slapped her even harder.

"I'm a bad girl," she replied. "Please punish me!"

I slapped her again, this time pretty hard. She screamed and her ass started to show marks from the belt. 

"Yes, punish my naughty ass," she screamed. "FUCK ME! Make me your SLUT. Hurt me with your cock." 

I slapped her again, and again, switching between her cheeks, until her ass was all red and slightly bruised. She was screaming all the way, but insisted that I keep hitting her.

I put down the belt, and got behind her again, this time almost touching her pussy with my cock. I started teasing her with my cock head, slowly stretching her pussy lips. I pushed my cock inside very slowly. It went in quite easily since she was dripping wet, but still I felt just the right amount of pressure on my cock. It was amazing. I started fucking her slowly, and she just hung her head down, and started breathing deeply.

"Oh my God yesssss, this feels sooo gooood," she purred. "You fuck me sooo gooood. Please don't stop, oh God, yesssss."

This time I went easy on her. I just wanted to enjoy the warmth of her pussy. I fucked her with long, slow and firm strokes. I wanted this to last as long as possible because she felt incredible. I closed my eyes and just focused on my cock exploiting her wanton love hole. Minutes went by, and they seemed like hours. I was lost in pleasure and enjoyment when my orgasm started to build up. I knew I was gonna lose it soon, so I slowed down the pace and after a minute or so I took my cock out to take a break. In the meantime I started licking her butt and preparing her for what was still to come.

After five or ten minutes, my need to cum subsided. I was still playing with her asshole, and by this time I was able to stick my entire tongue inside her, as well as two of my fingers. She was almost ready. I took some oil and put it on my still hard cock. I stroke it a few times to make sure it was fully lubricated and fully hard, and then I pressed my cock head to her entrance. She gasped. I pressed it further and further. It took some effort, but soon my cock broke the first barrier and entered her ass with a beautiful, but almost inaudible plopping sound. I was in. 

"Oh, God," she said. 

"Does it hurt?" I asked.

"A little bit. Just don't stop," she replied.

I pushed it another half inch in and then another. She was moaning quietly, but I knew that she was struggling. My cock was bigger than a dildo that she used before on her ass. I sank it an inch deeper, and then another one. I was almost half way in. It was time to get rough again. In one swift stroke I pushed my cock into her asshole sinking it balls deep. I rammed it in her ass so hard that she screamed at the top of her lungs.

"FUCK!"

I grabbed her hair, pulled her head back, put my other hand on her shoulder and started fucking her with long hard strokes. I was pulling my cock almost completely out, leaving just the cock head in, only to ram it all the way back. She would scream every single time. I started fucking her harder and harder. She quickly accommodated and started moaning continuously, telling me to fuck her harder and faster. I took my belt with one end in each hand. I pulled it over her head and then put it in front of her mouth.

"Put it in your mouth," I said. 

She bit it, so I put the left end of the belt in my right hand and yanked her head back. I took off her blindfold and watched her face from above. Her mascara was smeared all around her eyes, her teeth clenched on the belt, and her eyes rolled back, with almost only her sclera visible. I was holding her left tit and squeezing it hard while fucking her ass deep and hard. 

"Open your mouth," I said. 

She opened it and the belt dropped out of her mouth and went around her throat. I pulled it tighter and resumed fucking her ass. She struggled to breath and her face was getting red. I was fucking her for all I was worth now. Her face turned red, and she almost couldn't breathe anymore. My orgasm started to build up again, but this time I had no intention of stopping. I closed my eyes, released the grip on the belt and moaned out loud, as I was about to cum. 
