 When she came to our office all the boys were floored. And probably the girls were either jealous or scornful of her. To say that she was sexy would have been an insult to her. She was smoldering, the way she moved, she carried herself and the way she dressed. she was wearing a plain white semi-transparent chiffon top, and a body hugging jeans. The top was a sleeveless affair displaying her clean bare arms. It was well cut and stuck to her body accentuating her curves. A normal collar front with a top two buttons open made the top an inviting one. It showed the contours of her ample breasts. She was wearing a black spaghetti strip top under the white top. Her fair skin was more exposed than covered by the combination. The black buttons were accentuating the white top in an inviting way. 

The jeans were a body hugging affair. Deep blue stretchable jeans, it was so tight fitting that I felt it would need at least two to take it off. On a closer inspection I could not find a panty line which normally becomes visible in such outfits. May be she was wearing a no line panty. The top was exactly till the waistband of the jeans. This had a fantastic effect of showing her figure to the best advantage. She must have been 5'-4" and at 125 - 130 pounds, she looked well rounded but not plump. With right amount of curves and muscles she looked extremely desirable. She must have been 34 D, 28, 35. She had tied her soft dark brown hair in a ponytail. Large brown eyes were outlined by kohl and bright red lipstick accentuated her lips. High cheekbones, round face and sharp features made her look out of this world. She was best of both sexy seductress and object of desire. And she knew it. It showed in her actions. 

She entered my office and announced in a husky voice, "Sir, I am Mona. My boss, Mr. Diwan from Teamworks has sent me to you. I was told you have an assignment for me. These are my certificates." 

Saying this she bent forward and placed a folder on my table. There was a chair between the table and her. So she had to either push the chair out of way or bend so that she could put the folder in front of me. And she chose the second option. So when she bent in front of me to place the documents on the table, her assets were partially visible. I could see upper part of the orbs. I was lucky not to get caught peeping. We looked at each other. She held the pose a second too long. 

When she straightened she said, 'I hope you appreciate my credentials.' and bit her lower lip. 

I was more than ready. Looking at the file in front of me I said, "I will have to look into them in details. Come tomorrow around the same time and we can discuss them." 

She seemed disappointed but did not show it. "Ok sir. As you wish", she said and started picking the papers again bending in front to show me her boobs again. Somehow this time the show was more pronounced and display was more and longer. Or so I thought. 

"I said need to look into them." I spoke slowly, "Please leave them where they are. And sit down for a minute so that I can glance through the documents."

When I opened the file folder I noticed the standard things like certificates, testimonials etc. One which caught my eyes was from a reputed firm and the person signing was known to me. I picked up the phone and called him. 

"Hi, how is it going?" I asked.

"Oh Hi. Nice to hear from you. How are things at your end?" he responded. 

"Hey, need to talk to you regarding Ms. Mona. Saw your letter in her file." I enquired.

" Mona? Who Mona?" He asked.

"Mona from Teamworks who send temps. Her certificates look impressive. So needed your view." I asked.

"I am in a meeting, will call in an hour or so." he said.

I kept the phone down and looked at her. She was now looking at me expectantly. 

"If you are in a hurry, wait for an hour or come tomorrow morning." I responded to her enquiring glance.

"Sir, I will wait as long it takes for me to get an answer but I need it today itself, pleeease." she said.

I called our office assistant and asked her to make Mona comfortable. After she left, I called my friend. 

"So, tell me what was so secretive about this girl?" I asked.

"OH.. Mona? She is a sex bomb. Beware of her... She may try n trap you in compromising situation and blackmail you. I was lucky to escape unhurt." My friend replied.

"So you enjoyed but escaped, right? You lucky devil" I said.

"That's right. A good lay. Very much fuckable, she likes to give pleasure and take also. She would suck me every day. Remember you had called me last month when I said I am in a conference, out of town. This was the conference. We were in a hotel out of town and she was on my cock. We were in the tub. So go ahead and enjoy her but do not fall for her blackmail trick" He guided me.

After this we discussed how to do it and also laid plans for a fucking trip out of town. 

I came out of my cabin, strolled around checking with others and generally chatting. She was sitting on the sofa outside my cabin. When I came out she stood up. I motioned her to sit and told her to be comfortable. She seemed to get confused and dropped her purse. Bending down she picked the purse and looked up. She was putting the show for third time. Must be desperate, I thought. Walking around the office I noticed that most of the staff had left for the day. There was a freshly joined person waiting for closing the place. 

"You may leave; I will lock up the office. I have some important work to do."

He left. 

That left me and Mona in office. I spoke to her. 

"Hope you are not getting late. Oh, by the way how did you come?"

"Sir, I took a cab from the city." She responded.

"But now it is too late for you get any transport back to city. I hope you won't mind if I drop you to your residence." I asked.

"Sir, I am really thankful to you for the help" she responded. 

"You will have to wait for a few minutes, though. I have some urgent tasks. Let me complete it and then we can leave. I hope you are not in hurry or anybody waiting for you at home. If so please call them and inform." I told her.

She said, "I have already done sir. My friend and I stay together and she is coming late in the evening."

"Fine then. I will take a few minutes. Please be comfortable. There are some magazines here and in case you require a cup of coffee, please help yourself." I pointed towards the pantry and coffee machine.

"Sure" she said and I walked in my office. 

Once inside I switched on the CCTV feed. She was sitting in the guest area. After a minute or so she looked at the door and the cabin. Satisfied that she was alone, she went towards the coffee machine. When she saw the restrooms she walked towards the same. She entered 'HERS'. 

I opened the folder she had left on the table. 

Opening page was her CV. A smiling face sprang out of the paper. A deviously sexy smile. The academic details were good. She had done her professional degree and was also from a good academic background. 

I picked up the cellphone and gave her a missed call. She looked up. I waived at her to come in. She entered the cabin and I noticed there was something different. Then I realized that the inner black spaghetti top was missing. On a closer look I could identify that she had removed her bra also. I told her to sit in front and opened the folder. And started going thru the documents. 

I said, "Instead of sitting outside all alone, I thought it would be good if you are in here. Like some coffee?' 

"Thank you sir, for calling me in. It was really lonely out there. And no sir, I don't think I need a coffee." Said Mona.

"I will take a few minutes to go thru this and then we can leave"

"Sure Sir." She said and started looking around in the office. 

"You seem to have a lot of good references. I like it" I said. 

"Sir, you will like me too" she said, "I mean . . . my work and performance."

Suddenly, there was a noise and I noticed that Mona was leaning forward to pick up her pen which had fallen down. I glanced up from the file to see her cleavage on display. She went on all the fours and started searching something. Her boobs were clearly visible right up to the nipples. She looked up and winked at me. Turning around she looked at the cabin door and her ass was towards me. What a lovely bubble butt!!

"What are you searching?' I asked.

"Oh I dropped my earring." 

Saying this she came on all the fours near my desk and started searching. She was so close to my chair that I could have touched her butt, sitting straight in my chair. She backed a little and her ass touched my chair. It was smooth without any lines, the cloth stretched tight on it. Then I noticed that she had changed her jeans into a skirt. It was a daring act to do in the office. The skirt was very tight and thin. It clung to her skin like a second skin. I appreciated the tight butt in a tight skirt. 

Mona turned around and said, 

"Like what you see? I mean . . . are my credentials good?" 

I ran thru her CV and asked a few questions which she responded from the floor itself. After a few minutes I asked her 

"What was your profile when you were working with ABC co?"

She turned back from her position on the floor and said, "Oh, it is the same as you are seeing now... a little thinner than this I was."

"I mean, did you do anything there or ..." I asked.

"Oh yes sir, I was handling their audits." She responded. "As you must have seen in the file, I am a CA and CISA. And very good at my work."

I was nearing the end of the CV and flipped thru the second last page, when she got up and came to my side. Sitting on the chair to my right side she bent on the table and said, 

"Did you notice that I have excellent experience and good credentials?" 

When I turned to face her I was surprised and taken aback. She had removed the top two buttons showing a lot of her cleavage. I could practically see half of her boobs popping out of the blouse. And the semi-transparent blouse was unable to hide much. Since she had already removed her bra, her nipples and areole were nearly visible thru the top. When she bent again, I thought the boobs would fall out of the top. She straightened and saw the water bottle on the other side of the table. Effortlessly she bent forward in front of me and picked the bottle. Her boobs were practically squashed on the table and were about to come out of the blouse. Only the strong thread held the boobs in control. She was practically enjoying the awkwardness I was having. She opened the cap and lifting the bottle she raised it to her lips. Tilting it but without touching it to the lips she poured water in her mouth. While doing this, she bent backwards on the chair, pushing her chest in front, stretching the fabric taut. This showed her boobs in a nearly transparent way. She probably was aware of this and wanted to do something which would push my decision. I wanted to see what she would do. So I kept on looking at the CV on my table. 

Suddenly, she coughed. As if the water went down the wrong channel. And the water from the bottle missed the target. Intentionally? I do not know. But it did for sure. And it spilled on her top. This made the top totally transparent. It showed her boobs in full glory. The cloth stuck to the skin and I was given the best ringside view of the 36 DD boobs which were also testing the strength of the fabric encasing them. The nipples were standing erect. The bait was clear. I was given the full permission to handle the situation. And I rose to the occasion.

I took the bottle from her hand and said, "Mona, you will spoil the carpet. Let me have the bottle."

Plucking the bottle from her hand, I upended it on her blouse, pouring all the remaining water on her blouse. Now it was totally transparent from all sides. The effect was exquisite. Much of the water fell on her skirt and wetted it. The cabin was AC. The goose bumps on her skin were clearly visible. 

"I am sorry for the accident. I really am." I said. 

"No, sir, it is all right. It must have slipped from your hands." She responded. "Do you have a place where I can ..." She said.

"Yes, yes.. We have a room here. Why don't you ..." I said. 

I unlocked the room and pushed the door in. I stood such that she had to brush past me or ask me to move. Mona was not a game which could be ensnared so easily. She picked her bag, slung it on to her shoulder. She walked to the door pushing the bag to her right where I was standing, hoping that I will step back to avoid the bag. I was ready and pushed the bag away. It fell on the carpet with a thud. 

I picked it and said, "I am sorry. I will keep it in the office. Go ahead and dry yourselves." 

She went in and closed the door. But not before I could wet my arms with the water on her blouse close to her boobs. She just looked back and winked.

I kept the bag on the desk nearby. It felt heavy. So out of curiosity I opened it. There was a lot of gadgetry in it and a battery from which most of the things were working. I realized this was the way she picked up the details to catch the fish. So I just disconnected the leads and to be safe I placed the bag in our 'cage'. Then I switched on the signal jammer to ensure that no signals are recd sent from any device within the office area. 

Within seconds of me putting the bag in 'cage' there was a call from Mona. 

"Sir.. Can you please come in ... I have a small problem."

I opened the door and walked in. and was stunned.. 

Mona had removed her skirt and was naked below the waist. My hunch that she was not wearing anything below her skirt was correct. She was with her back to the door and probably had her cameras focused on the door. I closed the door silently and went back to my signal jammer and fine-tuned it to permit the signals from any device inside the room to be picked up and recorded on the jammer itself. 

Then I went to the door and knocked and said, 

"Ms Mona.. I am coming in. Hope you are OK with it. You were asking for help. Is there anything I can do?"

She responded from inside, 

"Sir, my clothes are stuck and I am not able to do anything about it. Please come and help." 

So I went in. She was exactly in the same place and exactly same condition. Her bubble ass was inviting and cute. Long legs were clearly waxed and polished. She was standing in her stilettos, her toes touching the floor and heels raised up by about 4 inches from ground. The waist was slim and partly uncovered. The chest was wide She had raised her hands up in a twist and held them there. The effect was electric. Her tapering figure was exquisite and luring. The blouse was pulled up to just below the shoulder bones and straining. It was stuck to her body like a second skin and was not coming off. 

From a distance I asked, 

"Ms. Mona, any problem? Why you are not dressed? Is there anything I can do? "

"Yes sir," she responded, "Please help me take this wet blouse out. It is stuck and I am unable to remove it. Help me by unzipping the zipper at the side."

So I went to her side and looked. She had closed her eyes and was waiting for me to pull the side zip down. 

I looked at the zip. It was in good condition. Then I looked her boobs. The nipples were standing erect, hard and long. The orbs were hemispheres which defied gravity and stood proudly with nipples pointing up and out. The blouse was pulled up and had uncovered the boobs. Then I dragged my eyes down and caressed her boobs with my eyes, then the flat tummy and then that thin line of hair which starts just below navel and reaches the pubic hair. The navel was deep and she had a small jewel in it. That cute piece of stone shone in the light and reflected the sexiness. The thin line of hair merged in the pubic hair. Mona had trimmed it leaving a patch in the shape of heart covering the pussy. Her long legs were looking extremely inviting. She was there to be taken. She was on offer and I wanted to take this opportunity. But words of my friend rang in my ears. 

So I said, "Ms. Mona I think the zip is stuck and I will need to cut your blouse if it is ok with you. And I hope you have something to cover yourself after you dry yourself. Otherwise you will catch cold." 

"Sir, please do whatever you feel fit but take the blouse off." she said.

"What about the buttons in front?" I asked.

"Oh sir they are fake" she responded.

"Ok I will get something to cut the blouse," said I and went out. 

I wanted to see if my devices were doing what they were expected to do. i.e. record the signal. And also jam it for others. I checked it and confirmed the same. 

Picking up a pair of scissors I went in again. She was standing there like a statue, as if carved out of marble. Her milk white complexion shone in the diffused lighting of the room. 

She said, "Have you got the scissors?"

"Yes, I have them." I said.

Then I went near her and said, }"Why don't you lower your arms, you must be tired."

She lowered them. Then I pushed the fabric down over her boobs and flattened it across her back and over her boobs. With the strain gone, the zip behaved and I just pulled it down releasing the two sides of the garment. It just fell to the ground and she was there again in her birthday suit.

"Ms. I hope you get ready quickly. Dry yourself and put on another garment if you have one or else wear the black thing which you were wearing earlier and the jeans. The watchman would be here to close the office in another 10 min." 

With this, I went out and closed the door. My cock was not willing to accept the turn of the events and was still hard as iron bar. But I hid it well and sat at my desk. And then shut the jammer which was blocking the signal. This ensured that the signal reached all the devices she was hiding in the bag.

She peeped out of the door and said, "Sir, can you please help me with the bag. My dress is in it." 

So I picked up the bag and kept it at the door, slightly away from the opening, and said, "I have left it at the door, Ms Mona. Please pick it up."

She came out of the door probably expecting me to be standing there. But to her dismay, I was watching her on my screen. She was exactly in the same condition as I had left her. Not a thread on her body except the thin gold chain around her neck with a cute little dangler which I had somehow missed earlier and a thin chain around her waist accentuating her hourglass shape. She came out waited for a second, looked around, her proud boobs and flat belly on full display to all, only there was nobody to appreciate and enjoy. She was a bit disappointed but picked up the bag, opened it there itself and took out a thin pink top and wore it. This was also a skin hugging but with half sleeves and low neck. It came till her midriff and left her flat belly uncovered. Then she took out a pair of silver shorts and put them on. These were low rise and came up to her waist, where the pubic hair started. It was all of 4 inches of length which meant that there was only a small patch of cloth between her top and the toes and this too was skin tight as if she was wearing a size smaller than required. The chain around her waist was prominent and there was a pendant hanging from it.. Then she took out 4" red stilettos which were nearly transparent. 

She stuffed the clothes and things in the bag and came to my cabin and peeped in and said, "I am ready. Let us go." 

I was awestruck with the openness of this girl. She was an open invitation. And she knew it. So I told her, "I suggest you change in to something more acceptable like a one piece frock."

"Ok" she said and put the bag on the coffee table. Removing a floral print frilled frock she asked, "Will this do?"

When I nodded she just removed her top fully exposing her boobs in front of me. Taking time to fold the garment properly, she kept it in the bag. Then she removed her shorts and repeated the process. She was about to pick the dress when there was a sound of main door opening. She raised an eyebrow. 
