 I make my way exhaustedly into the house. It's been a long day at college classes and things aren't getting much better for me below the belt. I stumble into the living room, dropping my bag as I do, and kicking my shoes off. That's when I see a woman waiting on the couch with her legs crossed staring directly at me. 

She's Columbian, average height, not skinny but in decent shape with black hair running down her neck and behind her back with slight waves. Her green eyes glisten and her face beams with a smile. While attractive, she's aged some at almost 40. She wears a black, modest dress that flaunts a massive E cup cleavage. 

"Well, you know the drill." She says in her deep accent. "Dress code."

Immediately, I do as I am told. I begin stripping the clothes off my lean, caucasian body. I throw my shirt over my blonde hair. I unbuckle my jeans and pull them down. I take my clothes and set them to the side. I then pull my socks off as well. I stand barefoot and almost nude on the other side of the couch in front of her.

"Wonderful." She gets up.

Slowly, she trots her nice frame over to me. Ever so carefully, she wraps her arms around me feeling them brush behind my back and her massive breasts squeezing warmly to my chest.

"How is my boy doing?" She murmurs seductively.

"Fine, Mommy." I almost stutter.

"Mmmm." She vocalizes.

She then reaches her head up and gently kisses my lips. It's a slow, quiet kiss but affectionate as I stand there waiting for instruction.

"You've been a good boy for Mommy." She mentions. 

"Really?" I ask.

"I got your test scores in. 92 on micro economics. Good job." She hugs me.

"Thank you." I embrace her.

We then both let go. She runs her fingertips with her long, painted nails over my chest. She kisses me again and I enjoy feeling a little bit of her tongue this time.

"I suppose you deserve something special, tonight." She claims.

"Thank you, Mommy." I respond.

She then moves her head next to the side of mine and leans in.

"On the bed." She whispers and then kisses my ear.

I tremble and immediately walk through the living room and into the master bedroom. I get up on the bed and stretch out on it, laying on my back. I look from my side as Valentina makes her way over to me. I stare at her as she comes up to the side of the bed. She reaches her elegant legs over me and she straddles above me. I feel her pelvis sit on my thighs. I look at her with the candle lighting on each nightstand on either side.

I look up at her, admiring her charm and feminine beauty. She smiles and then glides her warm hands down the sides of my chest and stomach right to the edge of my boxers. 

"My boy hasn't been lusting for girls, has he?" She asks.

I suddenly feel how contained I am in the cage. "No, Mommy."

"That's good." She whispers.

Suddenly, I feel these ASMR like tingles run down my back as she says this. Without saying anything else, she runs her hands down on the sides of my underwear and grabs them. She slides them off my legs and drops them on the side of the bed. I tilt my face up and Valentina finally sees what's bothering me.

My cock sits in the silicone chastity device. My balls are swollen and my cock is red and tender needing release. It's attempted to stay erect all day and hasn't gone down since this morning.

"Casey, are you okay?" She asks.

"No, Mommy. It hurts." I mention.

"Why didn't you tell me about this?" She questions.

"I wanted to be inside your pussy tonight and didn't want to be punished." I explain.

She sighs. "Son." She moves forward to where she lies on top of me. I squirm a little.

"This cage isn't to contain and deny you. It's to make sure you don't lust after those immature girls your age. Your cock belongs to Mommy, yes, but I always want to make love to my son." She affirms.

I nod in agreement.

"I know my sex drive is low which is why I'll release you when you need me to milk you." She continues and plants a kiss on my nose.

"But you use milkings as punishments." I counter.

She rises back in her sitting position on my legs with my chaste cock in her hands. "It's only when you break a rule I make milking you painful. I have the milking machine under the bed when you need a big load released and I put the vacuum on high just to overstimulate. I then use the estim box for a regular milking to make it more painful. Never would I use that on the regular."

"Thank you so much, Mommy." I add.

"I care about my big boy's penis and health. It's why I release you daily to clean you up in the shower and when you ask, I'll milk you any time by hand or prostate. My only demands are the no touch rule which is why I tie your arms and only release you from chastity when you're tied up. This is Mommy's penis. You know that. There's also the weekly prostate milking. Good boys need to have perfect reproductive health and that's why I use that funny massager in your butt. It massages a little gland in there that causes you to ejaculate so hard." She explains.

I nod.

Valentina rubs on my pelvis next to my tormented chastity cock.

"Well, we need to take care of this. Don't we?" She offers.

"Yes, Mommy, please." I beg.

"We will. Cuffs." She orders.

I turn a little and reach into the bedside drawer. I find the metallic links and hand them up to her. She opens them.

"Hands back." She demands.

I do as instructed. The cold links run between my hands and around the headboard. They click together and my arms are now useless ready for Mommy's disposal.

"Awesome." She murmurs.

She starts playing with the cage in her hand and I become rock hard in it. I wince from the prolonged extension.

"Oops. I forgot the key. I'll be right back." She holds her finger up at me.

I smile. "Okay."

She gets up off of me and walks out of the room. Strangely, she shuts the door. I'm left for a few moments in silence except for the quietest crackling flame. I look to my side at the burning candle wick. I sit there for a few moments, gaining control over my breath when I hear the door open. I quickly turn my neck when I'm surprised to what I see. 

Standing in front of the bed is Valentina, completely naked; her large breasts and bullet nipples jutting out. Her hair is thrown clumsily over her shoulders and back. Her shaved camel toe also making its presence known. I instantly shake heavily and almost kick my legs up.

"My goodness!" She laughs. "You still find your girlfriend attractive despite being twice your age."

"Yes, Mommy." I confirm.

She grins a little more sinisterly as she hoists herself on the bed and straddles above me. I tremble in anticipation as my cock tries to break its silicone boundaries. She rubs her hands once more over the plastic ring and the white sheath. She then shows me the small key and jingles it. Inserting it into the padlock, it turns and pops free. She pulls the lock out of the slot. Pulling the retaining ring off the 3 rods, the sheath pops free from my erect cock.

"I'm so sorry, baby. This must've been painful." She explains.

"Mmmmhmmm." I vocalize.

Carefully, she pulls the sheath off my cock. It's finally free and the end of the cage is soaked in precum. My cock stands at attention, red, tender, and still filling with blood. 

"Oh my." Mommy adds.

Valentina then fumbles with the ring and it comes apart in two pieces. My dick now stands at full attention as my balls retract back but are still swollen. 

"Mmmm. I love my boy's penis." She says.

Getting up on her knees, she takes the glans of my cock. Her smooth fingers rub it against her soft pussy lips and on her clit. I want to moan simply out of the pleasure. 

"You like this?" She asks.

"I do, Mommy." I mention.

"Yeah? You want your penis inside Mommy's pussy?" She offers.

I nod quickly.

She rises up and runs my head on her carnal lips. She finds the opening and as she sits down on me, my cock glides into a hot, tight, lubed hole and it travels deep inside her. We moan in unison and she starts grinding on me. My cock bounces around inside her with only mild, shallow strokes. Still being gentle but more aggressive, Valentina goes to thrusting herself on top of me, finding my pelvis to rub on it. She moans passionately. 

I almost can't focus anymore and my breath becomes ragged. My heart pounds and jumps into my throat as I look above at her face. Her eyes are closed with her sighs coming out of an open mouth. I struggle against the cuffs but it's no use. Finally, relief is great pleasure as she continues on me. She grabs on her large breasts and squeezes on them, even putting a nipple in her mouth.

It turns me on so much, I feel as if my cock will explode.

"Mommy, you're so hot!" I can barely adulate.

"You're so handsome, my boy." She says.

She then quickens her pace and places her hands on my chest. "I'm gonna cum on your penis just like good Mommy's do."

Her words send shockwaves through me and she continues humping on me just doing her thing. I then notice my cock being showered with her natural juices. Her walls become tighter around me. She moans loudly for a moment and her pussy clenches on my shaft rhythmically. She stops for a moment, gaining her bearings and the contractions stop. I glare at her seeing her orgasm face I love with all of its sex flush. 

She then kisses me a moment then gets back up this time landing on her hands. I stare at her immaculate body traveling down to us connected together by my cock and her pussy. 

"My boy needs to cum, too." She huffs.

She then begins thumping her pelvis on me, her pussy right in my vision as I see my cock driven in and out of it by her pace. It turns me on and I can see some of her lubrication dripping out from each thrust.

"Cum for Mommy, come on. Finish inside me." She encourages.

I look up at her and I feel it. My balls retract themselves and I feel this strong pressure under the base of my shaft. It travels around and I shake. Feeling it expel out of my shaft, I moan but it's more like an animalistic growl as it jets out into her pussy. Several full shots splooge and spill out of my cock and into her. Just as I can feel myself calming down and my cock becoming sensitive, Valentina pushes off of me and it falls out as it goes limp. Some of the globs of white, semen caked glory come out of her pussy. 

"Look at how much you came in Mommy's vagina!" She says almost hysterically.

I grin as I feel drowsiness kicking in.

"We got some nicely drained balls, now." She rubs on them and my limp dick.

She crawls on the cover next to me and lays down. She pushes her breasts up against me with her left arm running over my chest. She then leans in and I begin making out with her slowly and intimately.

I come to my senses sometime later as we lay next to each other enjoying the afterglow.

"I love sex." She giggles.

I can't help but to chuckle some as well.

"We'll clean you up here soon. I'll prostate milk you some to make sure your balls are drained completely and then you'll go back in the cage." She explains.

"Yes, Mommy." I accept.

"Just because I'll still fuck you doesn't mean you get breaks from my power." She claims.

"Ohh, feisty." I laugh.

She does as well. "No, seriously. I love having sex with you and I love you."

"I love you, too." I turn to kiss her breasts.

"Come on now, worship Mommy's boobies good." She crawls over top of me and holds them out to me.

We grin at each other and I start doing so.