 I have not abandoned Coppernicous. I plan to finish Part 5 in the near future, whenever I can find time away from work. While listening to the radio one day, the idea for this short tale came to me; I had to get it down right away before I lost the idea. I hope you enjoy.

 As always, comments and emails are most welcomed. I reply to all emails that have a return address.

 Thanks to Grand Teton for making this readable.






 The carpet did little to pad my backside as I lay on the floor, blindfolded thoroughly, but I was not about to complain as my wee dickie stood straight in the air anticipating what was to come.

My mates, Tommy and Arthur, and I had talked for months about our wives, how we had some of the hottest wives around, and how fortunate indeed each of us was. Of course, we each wondered how sex with the other women would be.

Frequently we and our wives would get together for a barbeque and swim, or dinner and cards, or we would go out on the town for an evening. We got on well. The girls became fast friends and frequently shopped together or did whatever women do when their men aren't around. The really amazing thing was their similarity in size and shape, so that often they borrowed or shared each other's clothes. We often would joke when we saw one of the other wives wearing our wife's dress that we weren't sure who we were taking home with us for the night. 

The idea of swapping came up more than a few times among us guys, but the women always quelled it without even considering the idea. Arthur's thirtieth birthday party changed matters, though, much to our surprise.

More wine had been consumed that evening than was usual, giving the girls an excuse for their change in mind, but I believe it had been planned well beforehand.

Liz, Arthur's wife, brought up the idea as the party was winding down after dinner.

"Arthur has been after me, as I know you other blokes have been at your wives, about doing some sort of a swap or group sex thing, and we girls have an idea to put the whole concept to a conclusion."

Of course, Tommy and I perked up and listened carefully.

"Here's how it will work, if we finally agree to go along with you. Helen"—that's Tommy's wife—"suggested next month, when we get together at their house for a barbeque and swim, but you blokes have to agree to abide by our rules. It's either all or none, and it's our way, or none."

We three guys looked at each other and immediately all nodded in agreement. I should have known there was a big catch, or Phoebe would never go along. I know she has always fancied Tommy, but always knew she was faithful and was not the type to go running round.

So many times I returned home from work, only to find Phoebe on the telephone with either Helen or Liz, giggling and laughing, but she would ring off right away, saying, "Richard is home, I'd better see to him." She never would say what they talked about, either. All I would get is a Mona Lisa smile and a subject change.

Finally the fateful night was at hand and Phoebe and I made the trek over to Tommy and Helen's home in the car. We could have easily walked it. It is less than two blocks, but Phoebe insisted we drive so that she would not have to carry a little overnight bag with her for people to see.

It was a rare evening, in that it was warm enough to really enjoy the pool. So often the sky would be overcast and the air a bit nippy to enjoy lounging around in our bathing kit, but today was a pleasantly warm, sunny day, with just enough of a breeze to keep one cool in the sun. The six of us played about for a bit in the water, with us lads enjoying the view of the women each wearing a small two piece bathing suit, which in itself was quite unusual, for Liz was a bit more modest than the other two and normally wore a one-piece with a little skirt. Tommy and I both made it a point to compliment her on her good looks, and gained a nice blush in return. 

Nothing overt or untoward happened in the water, although I must say there was more physical contact amongst us than was normal, with brushes of arms or legs, and there was a heightened sense of anticipation in the joking and comments. Flirting has always been somewhat normal amongst us, but tonight it seemed a bit more directed, though nobody was blatant at all.

Dinner time came and we all got out of the water and toweled off, but before anyone went into the house to dress Helen suggested we all remain in our bathing togs. "After all, there is no point in changing our clothing when it won't stay on long anyway, now is there?"

We blokes all raised our eyebrows at this comment, but we certainly were not in disagreement with the idea. Seeing the girls in their bathing suits was a treat by itself, especially as it had started to cool down a little, and the breeze caused their nipples to poke out.

Tommy got some sausages going on the grill and it wasn't long before we were all ready to eat. The girls sipped at white wine, while we men each had a Guinness in front of us. Liz, in her unaccustomed two-piece, caught my eye frequently, and she must have availed herself of more than one glass prior to the evening to be as comfortable as she appeared to be.

When we had all eaten our fill and had had a couple of beers or glasses of wine, Helen pushed her plate back and picked up an empty bowl. She set it in the middle of the table, then passed a small slip of paper and a pen to each of us men. "Right, now this is how this is going to work. You will each write your name on your piece of paper, then you will fold it carefully in half and drop it into the bowl. We will each draw a name. We girls have agreed we will never reveal to you men whose name we have drawn, because we don't want any jealousy to spoil our friendships. Can you blokes agree there will be no hard feelings or repercussions after this evening?"

We all looked at each other and nodded.

"Then this is how it will work. We will do a sort of 'Blind Man's Bluff,' except you will not be trying to find us. Each of you will be blindfolded, and you will not know who your partner is."

At our looks of surprise Helen held up a hand before any of us could speak.

"We agree to participate only under these circumstances. If you don't agree, then everything is off."

Of course, we guys quickly assented. After all, this was something we had hoped for, for so long, now. Especially in this past month as we speculated as to what the women had in mind.

Phoebe went into the house and returned with the little overnight bag she had brought along. I was surprised when she opened it to find she had cotton balls, tape, and strips of dark fabric inside. She divided the materiel into three piles, and handed one each to the other ladies.

The girls came to their own husbands and had us each close our eyes before taping the cotton balls over our eyelids so that even if we tried to open our eyes we would be unable to do so. Then the black cloth was carefully tied around our heads over our eyes to rule out any possible peeking. It also served to block out any light penetration, leaving us as near to blindness as could be done without doing harm.

"Right. Now we will lead you into the den, where Liz and I have prepared pallets on the floor. When we arrive there, you blokes will remove your trunks for the next phase of the evening's entertainment."

"Wait a minute!" Tommy interrupted. "We are all going to be in there naked for you to see us, but we don't get to see you?"

"That's the way it works. It's this way or no way, but I think you'll enjoy yourself. After all, it is you who have been pushing us to do something like this."

"I just didn't think it was going to be this kind of a thing, though. I don't know that I like the idea of you girls all getting a look at me naked."

"Now you get an idea what we girls feel like when some bloke is eyeing us all the time. Are you in or not?"

I wasn't certain I was too keen on these terms either, but I tried to think of the big picture. "It'll be all right, Tommy. We get our fun, too, you know."

He mumbled a bit, and then agreed reluctantly.

The girls led us into the house by standing in front of us and placing our hands on their hips and had us follow along. Just the touch of bare skin in my hands without being able to see her was quite stimulating, and I felt myself hardening in my trunks. It was my own wife, to be sure, and she always turned me on anyway, but somehow the senses were heightened for fair when I couldn't see.

When we had all been stood to before our pallets, Helen took charge again. "Right, now you blokes lose the trunks before the next phase can begin."

My hands went to the tie holding the waistband on my trunks, but I found it difficult to expose myself in front of the three girls in this way. As difficult as it was, I also found it stimulating, though my cock was not impressed at being on display. I had thought I'd be standing at attention for inspection, but it was a droopy soldier, indeed.

Helen left us standing there for a few moments, and I could hear the murmur of the girls as they saw us three standing there starkers for their enjoyment. Finally, she spoke. "Right. Here's the next phase. We recognize we get to see you, but you don't get to see us. I have a timer here that I will set for five minutes. One of us will stand before each of you, and for five minutes you may feel us wherever you wish from the shoulders down. You may not go above the shoulders, to keep you from determining who you are touching. Are we agreed on this rule?"

The three of us assented. The very thought of touching and feeling a female body I could not see had me starting to stir.

"Right then. At the end of the five minutes I will reset the timer, and we will rotate, so that you will then feel the next one of us, with the same rules in place. When the timer goes off that time we will rotate for the third and final time, and you will remove the bathing suit of the person before you. After you have removed her bathing suit, you will lie down on your back, and your partner will join you. Again, you may touch anywhere you like, but not above the shoulder, and your partner will remain on top. Agreed?"

By now, I had hardened at the thought, and I'm sure the other guys were hard as well, for I heard Liz and Phoebe whispering about us. We, of course, agreed, and Helen started the timer. I could hear it ticking, and I reached forward to feel the body in front of me.

At first, I just stroked my hands up and down her sides, then I allowed my thumbs to extend inward enough to brush across her bathing bra, which brought a hiss from her. It seemed she was excited at the prospects of the evening as well. I stroked back down her curves and allowed my hands to go around and cup her arse, kneading her globes momentarily, and allowing my fingers to slip inside to stroke her bum.

When my hands came back around I slid one up to her breasts to cup and fondle the breast. Conscious that I only had five minutes with this woman, I slid my other hand around the front of her bathing suit bottoms to feel between her legs. I cupped her mons in my hand, feeling the warmth it exuded. I slipped a couple of fingers inside her bra cup to stroke and feel her nipple while I caressed and stroked forward and back across her pussy. I didn't ignore her legs, either, but stroked up and down the inside of her thighs, stroking upward until I felt the fabric of her bottoms while I slipped my other hand all the way inside her other bra cup, to hold and squeeze her teat and to feel the nipple prodding my palm. 

My lower hand slipped up to the top of her bottoms and I slid it inside until I could slide my finger up and down her crease, which was swollen and wet with excitement. Meanwhile, she had taken hold of my cock and stroked it slowly and lightly, running a fingertip around the helmet, and nearly brought things to a premature close when she rubbed the drop of precum underneath. She was moaning softly, letting me know I was pleasuring her, only for the timer to go off. She stepped backward, much to my disappointment.

It was only a few moments until I felt the next wife step into place. I didn't wait for the timer to start, but started by running my hands up her legs, reveling in her soft, smooth, skin. I slipped my hands to the inside of her thighs and stroked all the way up to her bathing suit, which caused her legs to tremble. I could hear her breath hissing through her teeth. I used a thumb to caress her mound through her suit and I could feel her pressing down onto my thumb. This woman was quite turned on already, and we had really hardly even started.

The muscles in her belly quivered when my hand traced a path up to her navel. I inserted a finger-tip and tickled it. I trailed that finger straight up her belly to her bra, just between the breasts, all the time continuing to pay attention to her pussy through her suit bottoms. The warmth on my fingers was more than noticeable, and I could feel her moisture. I decided it was time to pay closer attention to her charms, so I slid my hand to the top of her bikini bottoms and then into it to cup her swollen lips in my hand while inserting my second finger through her slit into her pussy itself. I also pulled aside one cup of her bra and latched onto her nipple with my lips and pulled. As turned on by everything as she appeared to be, I didn't think she would complain that I went a little further than Helen had directed.

Her gasp and moan told me I was on the right track, so I fluttered my tongue on her nipple tip and started pinching and pulling on her other nipple with my fingers, while adding a second finger to her pussy. I really wished I could pull her bottoms off and suck on her clit! I knew it wouldn't take much to get her over the top if I did, but the infernal buzzer went off and she stepped away, reluctantly, I'm sure.

 Helen's voice was shaky as she reminded us of the third phase. "Right. Now is the third and final round. You blokes will remove your partner's bathing suit, and then you will lie back on the pallet behind you, and your partner will climb on top. There is to be no kissing, and your hands must remain below the shoulders. We have all tied our hair up so it will not fall on you to identify us. If any of you break the rules we will all pull away and the night will be over. Clear?"

We murmured our assent, and I felt a hand stroke my cock and then give it a nice squeeze. 

"Now, one more thing. If you ever want something like this to happen again, you had better be certain your partner comes before you do."

"Something like this to happen again?" Did I hear right? My cock bobbed up and down at the thought and I nearly hyperventilated. I heard a muffled giggle come from in front of me, but I couldn't make out who it was.

I thought quickly how best to handle this, and it came to me. Phoebe would never consent to shave her pubes, though she did keep them nicely trimmed so they wouldn't show when she swam. I had the idea eating her out without the hair in the way would be nicer, but she kept it short enough not to be a problem. This would give me a hint at least who my partner was, not that I had seen if they shaved or not. The first thing I would do is pull her up to my face and eat her out. I could be sure she got off first, and I could maybe get a hint as to who she was.

"Right now. Here we go." Indeed, there was a definite tremor to Helen's voice.

I felt a body press up against mine, pinning my cock up against my belly. Half a moan and a gasp came from her as soon as we made contact. Whoever this was, she certainly was excited! My hands roamed across her body, in no hurry to pull off her bathing suit. I was going to do all I could to make this as good for her as I possibly could. The idea of doing this again was all I needed to keep me going.

I stroked my hands up and down her sides, reveling in her smooth skin and soft curves, sliding down to her upper thighs and caressing her hips and arse. When I felt her begin to tremble, I allowed my fingers to play with the ties on her top, only to leave them tied and then slip down to do the same with the ties on her bikini. I got a soft moan and felt her press herself against my cock. 

Instead of untying her bikini, I slipped a finger in either side and just wiggled it back and forth, then I slipped my hands in to the top knuckles and stroked her cheeks. Her movements were starting to get a little frantic as she tried to press her mons against my cock. I pulled out my hands and pulled the strings on her bottoms, but I didn't untie them totally. Then I caressed her curves again slowly slipping my hands upward until I reached her top. I let my thumbs slide around to the front and lift up on her breasts, bouncing them gently, and then, slowly, tugged the strings loose in the back.

With one hand I lifted the fabric from her breasts, and I buried my face between them before turning enough to capture her left nipple in my mouth. Her knees started to buckle and I had to catch her to keep her from falling before pulling the other string that tied at the neck. I released her nipple only long enough to lick my way across to the other side, and I latched onto that nipple, sucking and fluttering my tongue across the end while I finished untying the bottoms. I let them fall to the floor and felt her pushing me backwards to the pallet.

The carpet did little to cushion my backside as I lay there with my "wee dickie" standing straight up in the air. I could hear my partner's breathing as she dropped down on top of me. When she lay down, and I felt her skin to skin a shudder went throughout my body. I thought I was going to come right then and there. She started to pull my cock to her pussy, but all I could think of was I wanted to do this again, so I grabbed her beneath the arms and lifted her upward until I had her arse on my chest. I reached around and slid her forward enough to bury my face deep in her pussy, taking the time to breath in her ambrosia, before extending my tongue and licking the length of her crease.

Her labia were swollen with desire so that they felt like two small pillows cushioning my tongue as I licked across her opening and on up to find her clitoris already fully exposed. When my tongue flicked across her clit she pressed down on my face. Her hands went to the back of my head and pulled me into her. For a moment, I thought she was going to smother me for sure, but I was able to get my nose out just far enough to get a breath. 

With her holding my head to her as she did, I didn't have to hold her to my face, so I could slip my hands up to find her breasts and play with her nipples while addressing her pussy with my tongue. She rocked back and forth on my face, grunting and groaning for only a few minutes before she pressed down and I was flooded with her juices while she shuddered and groaned. I sucked up as much of her juices as I could while she came down from her high. Then as she started to relax I pursed my lips over her clit and gave her a raspberry, which put her over the top once again, this time with a scream and her legs clamped down on my ears until she pitched forward onto the floor above me and moaned.

I lay there and smiled to myself. I was pretty sure that if it was brought to a vote whether to do something like this again I had her vote.

It was only a few minutes before I felt her crawl back down to lie atop me again. Her breathing was still a little ragged, and she lay on me only long enough for me to enjoy the feeling of her breasts cuddled against my chest. She got on her knees and pressed the head of my cock into her pussy, and slowly sat down on it. Oh, but she was tight with desire, and smooth! Lubrication was no problem and she pressed me all the way in the first time, then rocked, rubbing her mons against my pubis. I could feel small tremors in her pussy, leftover from her last orgasm. She started to move on me and I let her do the work, for I knew if I moved with her it would all be over with too quickly, and I wanted to enjoy this to the fullest. After all, I didn't know if Phoebe would ever go along with something like this again. 
