 If, as I was waking up in my hotel bed this morning, you'd kneeled by my bedside and told me how this evening would go, I couldn't have believed you if I was as high as Paula and I were now.

This exact scenario, or some variation of it, had been a secret fantasy of mine since July. That's when Paula moved into my office — Paula, the cute, sarcastic-as-hell, slightly German-boned brunette with glasses and a sense of humour that made me melt on the inside like warm chocolate. Fearful of going near the imaginary line separating office banter and sexual harassment, I'd never explicitly revealed my attraction to Paula's face, even as I jerked off every night to the thought of her, my fantasies going through every sexual permutation imaginable.

So, as fate would have it, we'd both been sent to a training conference in Denver. Pot is legal there and, one night, after a couple of post-twelve-hour day drinks, we decided to try it. 

Fast forward who knows how long, and we were in my hotel room, devouring each other like starved Rottweilers. She had me pinned under her on my bed as I traded spit with her, our tongues shoved deep in each other's mouths. I was grinding my pelvis hard against hers as my hands searched for the hem of her shirt. She pulled out of my mouth and searched for the crook of my neck, giving it a nibble and licking a spit trail up to my earlobe.

I pushed her shirt over her head as she found my zipper. Driven mad by the agonizing slowness with which she took off my pants, I slapped her big ass and gave her cheeks a hard squeeze.

Grabbing her butt and pulling her pelvis harder against my underwear, I gritted my teeth and whispered into her ear 

- Daddy's girl is a horny little slut, isn't she?

Her voice full of agonizing unrealized pleasure, she pulled my shirt over my head and said

- Oh, yes, Daddy. I'm so wet and ready for you ... 

I help undo her panties and jeans and push them off her hips, revealing her naked, hairy bush and beautiful big legs.

- How badly does Baby want Daddy's cock inside her? 

Good thing I was high, otherwise I'd be getting a negative boner from hearing myself use the "porn star voice" ...

Paula pulls off her top then shoves her tongue inside one more time, licking the entire surface of my mouth and pushing her huge, perky boobs against my chest.

- Oh, Daddy, I want it right now. Give it to me hard and fast and then cum inside me like the dirty little cunt I am. Your cock is like heroin to me and I need my fix, NOW.

She pushes herself up to guide her crotch onto mine, then wipes her sopping wet snatch, up and down, all over the bottom of my rock-hard monster. She reaches down to guide my penis inside her, and suddenly I have a sobering thought —

- Wait — we should use a condom, right?

She pauses. I'm on the pill and clean. What about you?

I am also clean, thanks to my obsessive condom use (for the most part) and rather pathetic lack of sex partners. Normally I'd insist (I think we both would, we're both smart people) but, under the influence of pot and sky-high endorphins, we let it slide.

And then I feel Paula coming down on me. Slamming all 180 pounds of herself down on my cock in one hot, velvety slide. She lifts herself up and fucks me with her whole body again. And again. I can already feel the cum boiling in my ballsack as the intense pleasure radiates throughout my whole body, the grip of Paula's wet, tight snatch shooting opium-like doses of pure pleasure from the skin of my cock deep into my brain.

I close my eyes and clear my brain to keep from shooting my load, but at intervals I open them to get a look at Paula — beautiful goddess Paula, her face tortured with ecstasy as she rides me hard, her left hand stroking her clit and her right hand kneading her beautiful nipples, red and erect. Her moans are so primal — sexy, but without the artificiality of the moans you hear in porn. She sounds even better than I imagined.

I endure a couple of minutes of this torture before I can endure it no longer. Through gritted teeth and closed eyes I tell her.

- Paula, I'm gonna cum ...

I feel a hard slap across my face. As I'm recovering from the shock, I can feel her stop riding me and drag her sopping wet pussy onto my stomach. Then she slaps me again, even harder. What the fuck?!

I cannot say I was expecting this development, but it delays the blastoff count even as it excites me a little. I get another hard smack across my breast, and then Paula pinches my sensitive nipple and twists it hard. She keeps twisting it harder and I bite my lips to keep from crying out in pain.

- No, you dirty little bitch. You do not get to cum. Mommy did not give you permission to cum. You will stay hard for Mommy until she is completely satisfied, and then you will come exactly when Mommy tells you cum. Is that clear, you nasty little tart?

Holy shit. Paula's a domme, and a fucking incredible one at that. Don't ruin this, please, god, don't ruin this.

- Yes, Mommy, whatever you say.

Paula lets go of my nipple, leans into my face and gives me a kiss on the cheek.

- Good boy. You've always been Mommy's favourite.

She gets back on my cock and starts riding again, pushing herself harder and harder. I think about anything else — not a difficult task, given my current state of intoxication — to keep from being pushed over the edge.

And then she cums. 

Her orgasm is exquisite, beautiful — the very embodiment of why I could only be attracted to a woman. She cries out, collapsing on the bed next to me, her body jerking as if an electric current were running though her most sensitive parts. She takes sharp breaths, letting each one out slowly. And then, coming down from her high, she pulls my mouth down into hers, kissing me slowly and passionately.

A few minutes pass. I move down to play with her neck and she kisses me on the forehead. Then, dragging my hands down her shoulders and pulling one finger down the sensitive side of her torso, I move my face down to her breasts — her beautiful, big breasts. I rub my nose against her rosy left nipple, giving it little licks. I want her — need her — to feed me.

Paula lets out a gasp. She arches her back to get more of her nipple in my mouth, then puts her hand on the back of my head. She begins to stroke my hair softly.

- Mmm, is Baby hungry? Is it time for Mommy to nurse?

I feel butterflies in my stomach as I get ready to realize my ultimate sexual fantasy — suckling Paula's breasts, submitting to a woman in the most primal, fundamental way. 

- Yes, Mommy, I'm ready for you.

I begin to suckle her and she moans softly, contentedly. I feel like every part of my brain has melted, like I now exist for the sole purpose of pleasuring Paula as a sex slave, forever. The only way this moment could be any more perfect is if Paula were pregnant with my baby and lactating. I get lost in a fantasy of her — her beautiful, eight-month-pregnant belly pushing against my body as I drink from her, her warm mother's milk squirting into my mouth.

I'm awoken from my reverie by a gasp that interrupts her low moans — I look down to see that she has starting stroking herself again, pushing two fingers inside herself and dragging them across her G-spot. She's gradually speeding up, fucking herself a little faster, approaching her orgasm carefully as I continue to stimulate her. I can't let this beautiful moment go by without acting.

Unlatching myself from her teat, I whisper into her ear —

- Does Mommy need a little bit of help?

Paula smiles and rolls on top of me; the feel of her naked skin is satisfying in ways that transcend the immediately erotic.

- Mmm ... Baby's a little bit naughty tonight, isn't he? Yes, Baby — I want you inside me again. But don't stop sucking on me. Please.

And so I roll her over again to be on top, then take her nipple in my mouth and continue to suckle. Arching my back for a deep plunge, I centre myself on her bullseye and push all the way in. Going faster and harder now that I'm on top, I struggle to keep from shooting before Paula has a chance. Once she cums again, I ask her the question as I continue to probe her insides.

- Can I come now, Mommy?

I'm fucking her as fast as I can, and her vaginal walls are jacking me so hard I have to think about something — anything — to keep from losing it.

She replies. Yes, Baby. Give your cum to Mommy now.

And then I blow my load without hesitation, pulsing hard inside her, spraying jet after jet of sperm deep inside her. I cum so hard and so much that I throw my head back, letting out an almost involuntary moan.

After I've finished cumming, I collapse on top of her, leaving my spent penis inside. We look deeply into each other's eyes and share a hungry and passion-filled, but subdued, kiss.

I spend minutes sheltered in her embrace, and then Paula lets go of my lips.

- Mmm, Matt, that was so incredible. Thank you ...

I'm silent for a moment, not wanting to say anything stupid (like "I love you"), and I pull Paula's forehead to my lips, holding her tight and kissing her forehead as I think of what to say.

As I fall to her side, sleepy from the intense orgasm, I think of something.

- You're welcome, Mommy. See you in the morning.