 It was his idea, and besides not being too thrilled about it at first, I was enjoying it too. The aura of history coming from the stone walls made me feel small and powerless, as I imagined old and young monks walking and preying around this place.

"Cool huh?!" Rick inquired. "Come on you have to admit it was a good idea."

I surrender. "Yeah, you were right, it's definitely interesting, being here." At his smug grin I had to correct myself. "Not that you'll ever get me to listen to those boring audio-guides, but the place... it has a certain... charm."

"I know right? Don't you feel so powerful knowing this is where some of the biggest personalities of the ancient religious world walked? Don't you feel like it's them talking to you from those mosaics and murals?"

I shook my head, walking close to a painted wall. Some of the color had come off, centuries had scraped it off the solid wall, but I could still see the image clearly. 

"Quite the opposite actually." The face of the nuns, enclosed under their order's veils, had peaceful expressions, but the last one in line, hands joined in prayer, further away from the tourist's eye in prospective, had a mournful look in her eyes. A detail I imagined the artist included of his own initiative, because why on earth would a convent show the miserable side of the nuns' lives? 

"I feel powerless here. I feel like so much has happened between these walls that all of future history could not change it. I feel bad for admiring the wonderful colors, and paintings, and sculptures, when I can only imagine how many here suffered a life of seclusion and sacrifices." I had kept my stare on the nun's face and didn't notice Rick approaching. He set his hands on my shoulders, making me jolt. 

"Audrey, you just gave me the shivers. You could be a horror stories' teller." He joked.

I scoffed and proceeded along the wall, further in the corridor. "We should have gone to the beach with the others."

"Ugh, I'm bored of beaches and parties. This will probably be the only trip to Italy in my entire life, I want to see interesting things. Like this place." Rick walked up to me. "Beside, you are sunburned, a bit more sun and we could use you as a traffic light." He sneered. 

I snuck out my tongue at him, but it was true. I could feel even now my reddened skin brush painfully against the long skirt added on top of my short one and the shawl I had to wear to be admitted in the monastery. 

"And you so kindly offered to bring me somewhere interesting, what a true friend." I said sarcastically..

"Come on, wipe off that frown and let's visit the crypts, I bet the walls keep horrible secrets..." he mocked my previous words, wiggling his fingers in my direction in front of his face, spooky-like.

The crypts were cooler, and I was grateful for the shawl now. Grazing the stone with my fingers, I wondered if what Rick said might be true. Who knew what could have happened in these crypts, hundreds of years ago? What if a monk had taken his life, regretting his decision? What if a spark caught between a nun and a monk, in their later years, and the crypts were witnesses of their forbidden love? What if a cruel mother Superior made young novices sleep in a haunted crypt for penitence...

"Why so serious?" Rick sprung up from behind my shoulder, making me gasp.

"Rick! You scared the hell out of me!" I turned and slapped his chest.

"Careful Audrey, you don't want to say those wards in a sacred place."

I scoffed and made for the exit, but he caught my arm. "If you were a novice here they'd teach you to watch your mouth." His tone was strange.

"What are you playing at Rick?"

"Rick? Who is this person you speak so rudely of, sister? I am the Abbot of the monastery, and I will not allow such a misbehaved nun under this roof."

That actually made me giggle, and I decided to play along. "I am most repentant for my behavior, Abbot, it will not happen again." I faked a contrite face and bowed my head slightly. I raised the shawl on my head and wrapped it up so that it covered both my hair and shoulders.

Rick grinned, a flickering light in his eyes. "I am afraid, Sister Audrey that I cannot allow this to go unnoticed. Surely you comprehend."

"I beg you, kind Abbot, don't make me penitence too hard. I am willing to make up for my errors."

I was having troubles not breaking into laughter, as was Rick, but it was fun, and it had been such a long time since we spent some time alone together... we used to be the best of friends, and this was so like us.

"Sister Audrey, I fear you have more on your account than a mere impolite behavior towards an unknown person."

"What is it you speak of, Abbot?" I frowned confused. Where was he going?

"There have been rumors, sister..." he walked in a circle around me, his height overshadowing me. He really emanated the kind of power an Abbot must have had in the old days. And I really felt as powerless as a young nun would have. "Your misconduct goes way back I fear. First of all, the clothing you wear is nowhere near to be fitting for a novice." He jerked at the thin, long skirt and pulled it down, leaving me in my short dress.

A shiver went over me, both from the cold and the adrenaline of our game. "I apologize profusely, Abbot, I am but a sinner, I could not resist the temptation of vanity." I let my shawl fall too, freeing my red curls to fall on my shoulders and my bare arms exposed to the chilly air of the crypt.

I did not expect his reaction. I felt his cold finger trace a straight line from the nape of my neck to the hem of the low-cut dress, halfway down my back. I shivered.

"I heard much more on you, sister Audrey. You have allured men with your inappropriate clothing. That is unforgivable." I felt his breath closer. I was really confused, but I would not break out of character.

"Who did I allure, Abbot? Perhaps it was unintentional, and I surely never approached a man so forwardly."

"Brother Philipp and Greg tell otherwise, I'm afraid." The tone was definitely that of Rick's anger.

Philipp and Greg? Our friends... Oh! I did have a flirt with Greg last year, and I admit to have flashed some skin to Philipp in more than an occasion to see him look hungrily at me. The sin of a lonely girl, perhaps.

"My Lord Abbot, I beg your forgiveness. It was the mistake of a lonely woman, who had not felt precious or cherished in a very long time. Surely you can comprehend, Abbot."

"But why turn to some of our younger novices, sister Audrey? Some would say you wished to tease, with said actions, some other person you wished to allure." Both his hands grazed my hipbones now.

I swallowed. That had been partially true. But how could a nun have the Abbot? It could never be, so the nun resorted to what she could have.

"I beg your forgiveness Abbot, I did hope for some other to notice, but I think I miserably failed." The last words came out chocked in fear. 

"Failed, sister Audrey? You did not obtain the man of your desires, am I correct?"

"I could not, Abbot, he would never touch me." I whispered, feeling his own breath right on my neck. "He is too much of a good person too, I fear I have lost his respect with my foolish actions."

"They were foolish, to be sure. Why did you resort to them, sister Audrey?"

"I was persuaded he could never see me. I am but a nun, after all, what could attract him to me if no jealousy? I tried my riskiest card, and failed."

"I would say, sister Audrey, that the order is very much disappointed in you. But I, for a fact, might enjoy bringing you back to the right path." With those last whispered words, he spun me around and kissed me forcefully. Taken aback, I could not keep him out of my mouth, nor I wanted to. as I wrapped my bare and cold arms around his neck, he broke the kiss for air.

"Naughty nun." He smirked.

"Perverted Abbot." I whispered, still breathless.

"Careful sister Audrey, you might put yourself in more trouble than you already are." He bit my lower lip and walked me back to the cold stone wall of the crypt, kicking the wooden door shut, to prevent the improbable other tourists to spot the unusual nun-Abbot interaction.

"I beg forgiveness, my Abbot. What can I do to repay you for my behavior." I was perfectly conscious of my expression so not nun-like.

"Since you were so eager to show more skin than allowed, finish that job, sister Audrey. Take this inappropriate dress off, so that we might change you in a more suitable one." This sentence, combined with the smirk on his face, took away from me every will power to resist this mad game.

I slowly reached for the straps of my black dress, and let them fall on my shoulders. The light dress begun to fell loosely around my hips. I shook it off and let it pool at my ankles, biting my lower lip.

"What will my penitence be Abbot?" I whispered, hoping he would keep playing the game that was making me so bold and shameless I barely recognized myself.

"Mmmh..." he faked pondering looking around the crypt. He finally sat on a stone stool, one piece with the wall, and gestured me to come closer. 

As slower as I could, I stepped out of the pooled dress on the floor and approached the Abbot waiting for me.

"Naughty nuns need to be taught a lesson." He grinned. "Lay flat on your stomach on my legs."

A shrill went down my spine. I knew what would happen, only I had never imagine Rick, Abbot Rick, would do such a thing.

I did as instructed and felt my reddened skin brush against his jeans. The subtle pain was drowned out by the adrenaline rushing over my body.

The first hit was light, not meant to hurt, but my burned bottom felt a little pain all the same. "Should a nun have sunburns, sister Audrey?" he motioned for the waistband of my thong, worn to prevent rubbing on my burned cheeks, and slid it down my backside and legs, to my knees.

"No..."

Another slap still not to hurt, but hard enough I knew I had to keep playing along. "No what?"

"No, Abbot, she should not have exposed herself so."

"Then she deserves to be punished..." his fingers grazed lightly on my now exposed slit, making me whimper. "No, no, no, sister Audrey, not yet." He kept tickling my inner thighs, and every time I whimpered he smacked me playfully. I could not explain why this was getting me so aroused, I felt slickness dripping on my thighs.

With no warning, still whispering reprimands, he slipped a fingertip inside me. "Fuck..." I sighed, breaking out of character.

"Oh Sister Audrey, I fear you have just swore in a sacred crypt." He slapped me lightly. "Get up."

I stood up breathlessly, my legs trembling, eyes downcast as a nun would. "I beg your forgiveness, Abbot."

"A good and just session of prayer will do you good. Kneel, Sister Audrey."

I gulped, and closed my eyes, suddenly scared of seeing him so distant and Abbot-like. He walked around me and slapped my bottom playfully. "Kneel baby." He whispered in my ear. 

That was like him. A bit reassured, I did as instructed and knelt on the hard stone floor, feeling almost immediately the harsh stone biting into my skin. 

"Join your hands in prayer Sister Audrey." I heard him say from behind me. I also distinctly heard his buckle becoming undone, and his jeans dropping to the floor. I grinned, knowing I had a chance to get back at him now.

He moved in front of me slowly, drawing my gaze at his erect member. But I kept my eyes down, until he forced my chin up with a finger. 

As my eyes met his, my lips brushed the tip of his member, and I smirked. I tentatively poked out my tongue, flicked it over the head. I heard him inhale sharply. More confident, I slowly engulfed the tip with my mouth and let my tongue tease the sensitive spot on the bottom, sliding over it. 

While I took him deeper in my mouth and worked my tongue around him I felt him shudder and bobbed my head along his shaft, on the point of gagging multiple times.

"Ah...God, baby..." I heard slip out of his lips, his eyes closed. I grinned, my teeth lightly brushing on him while I slipped it past my lips. 

"My Dear Abbot, I fear you have just spoken the Lord's name in vain." I said sheepishly, raising to my feet with a smirk on my lips.

"What if I have, Sister Audrey?" he panted.

"I believe you must make amends too..." I leaned on the wall, feeling the cold hard stone scratching the skin on my back.

"Should I pray, Sister Audrey?" he came closer, and without waiting for an answer, dropped to his knees, grabbing the top of my thighs with his strong hands.

"I believe you should, Abbot, so that you may be forgiven..." The last word ended in a gasp. Widening my legs, he had dipped his tongue on my wetness, and dragged it over my sensitive and swollen clit.

I almost swore again, but I drowned it with a groan, and earned the flat of his tongue torturing me, teasing me, pleasing me in ways...

I gave a shriek when his finger slid easily past my nether lips and pressed eagerly on the spot that made me scream. "Ah... Abbot..." I tried hard not to break out of character, but his finger pumping into me made it hard to think straight. My legs started trembling, and he swiped me off my feet to let my thighs rest on his shoulders, then resumed his attack. I soon lost my senses to a wall shattering orgasm, and couldn't help but moan out his name.

"Rick..."

A slap brought me back to reality. And he stood up, leaving me breathless and still waiting for more.

"I believe your misbehaving still outnumbers mine, Sister Audrey." He pinned me to the wall, holding my wrists in one hand and pressing on the small of my back with the other.

"And what is the solution for this, Abbot?" I whispered trying to regain my wits.

Completely out of character, and without warning. He kissed my lips passionately and whispered on them. "I want to hear you scream my name again." 

He raised my left leg around his waist, and quickly plunged deep into me, drawing a wanton moan out of my lips. 

He had his eyes closed, low growls coming from his throat, and moved easily inside me. He slowly slid almost completely out and then dipped backed in at full force. That pace was making me crazy.

"Please..." I begged. "Harder... Please."

His eyes flew open and bored into mine. "As you wish, Sister Audrey, baby." 

The new pace made me even madder, I tried to match his strokes, but he held me pressed against the wall and kept diving into me, his gritted teeth letting out small moans once in a while.

He let go of my hands, which I quickly wrapped around his neck. Both his arms rested now on the wall beside my head, and the speed seemed to benefit from it. I gasped loudly as he hit that special spot again, and kept aiming to it.

"Rick!" I gripped his shoulders tightly, surely leaving nail marks. 

"Baby..." he moaned, his face hidden in the crook of my neck. "You ready?"

The game forgotten in the ecstasy of the moment, I moaned loudly next to his ear. "Yes! Please!" I ached to let go and at the same time feel him release inside me.

He groaned and sped up, if it was even possible, making me a screaming mess, while he held my bottom securely against his hips. One final deep thrust, and a loud groan anticipated the feeling, and I knew I could let go. As if I could help it if necessary. Him twitching inside me made me go over the edge irreparably. My muscles clenched on him, drawing every last drop of seed out of him.

The aftermath was quick, but couldn't be better.

He slipped out carefully, still making me wince, and kissed me slowly, differently from how the Abbot would have.

"Baby..." his tone was strange again, but he didn't add anything, just rested his forehead on mine.

"Rick? What is it?" I asked worriedly.

"Was this just a game?" he whispered, and I recognized his strange tone. A plea. And it was strange because I never heard him beg.

I shook my head slightly. "Could a nun give up on her Abbot once she knows he won't shun her away?"

"Shun you away? That's what you thought?"

"You were too good for me." I whispered.

He pinned me to the wall again, crushing his lips onto mine. "But you're my nun baby." He grinned, and slapped me lightly, to rush me into my dress and get out of there. the rest of our vacation is, well... history.