 I parked across the street from the address she had given me. A tastefully crafted oak mailbox stood next to a paved lane that dissapeared into a heavily wooded lot that seemed to stretch for miles in either direction along the road. So far all signs indicated that this woman was sitting on some money and that seemed to make her appear all the more tragic. 

The way I had come to be here was a fantasy in itself and even as I walked along the solitary lane leading past towering pines and maples, I was still expecting to be heading directly into an elaborate prank set up for me by my friends. I had spent a couple years traveling throughout Europe, staying in a city only long enough to replenish my funds through some menial, low paying job in order to move on to the next old world city. When the time had come, I returned to North America and, back in my tiny hometown, the only source of income I could find was a menial, low paying job. Without the glamour of it being European, it was incredibly mind-numbing. So day in, day out, I would slug away at the local grocey store, saving up for my next adventure, passing the time fantasizing of the day it would come, when she came down my aisle.

Whenever an attractive woman would come into the store, it was customary to alert the other guys to her presence so we could all bask in the glow of the single bright spot in our otherwise dull day. This one, though, I wanted to myself and stayed right where I was. The girls from the catholic school would come in after school and, as lovely as their increasingly shrinking skirts were, they were a dime a dozen. And there were the MILFs, the mothers the cute school girls would one day grow into, but after seeing them a few times a week, each week, their novelty would wear off. This woman, though, she was something else. 

Our tiny town had the benefit of being located on the north shore of a large lake and attracted tourists galore. And along with them came the summer people. Those who could afford cottages to stay in a few weekends each year, or in some cases, the entire summer. Looking at this woman half-heartedly pushing a shopping cart down the aisle, I prayed she would be one of the latter variety. 

As I came into view of her cottage, a two story architectural wonder of wood and glass, there was no question she would be here the entire summer. The place was beautiful. I could spend my entire life living in this boring town if my home looked anything like this one. 

"My husband might show up on the weekend," she said handing me a folded piece of paper, "if I'm lucky." I slipped it into my pocket and smiled.

"Well, if it helps, this is the first time I'm happy I went out of my way to help a customer," I had said, then looked over her body once more. She was of medium height, with slim, gentle features. Her head was framed with chin length blonde hair that curled upwards at the tips, perfectly drawing attention to what was easily her best feature: two huge, gorgeous blue eyes. Even with the slight sadness evident in her voice, those eyes still sparkled, and I knew that the decision she had made by inviting me over was not rash or rebellious, but a fully deliberate and consciously made one. 

"You're cute," she said, patted my cheek, then walked on down the aisle.

I approached the carved wooden front doors then whispered a "Thank you" to lady fortune for having placed me in this position. With any luck, this would be only the first of many positions I would end up in tonight.

I rang the doorbell and passed the time thinking about her situation. Her husband must be one hell of a prick. She was gorgeous, both bubbly cute and stunning at the same time. Her features were delicate and sexy, and seeing them tainted with the sorrow she felt left me feeling somewhat sad. She had all kinds of money. The BMW parked before the front doors of a house that probably cost more than I would see in my lifetime was probably just a slight hint of that the size of the bank account she had access to and that was what made her appear so tragic. She wasn't in this relationship for money. She undoubtedly loved her husband and all he could offer her in return was neglect. 

I heard the doors swing open behind me and as I turned I was absolutely floored by how beautiful she looked. She had on a transparent silk robe, undone over a lace bra which covered her small, pert breasts, and a matching pair of panties. Now there was no doubt as to what she had planned for this night. Once I had recovered from my blissful shock, a thought occurred to me and my expression must have given me away for she took my hand and spoke to me.

"This isn't a revenge fuck. I can only guess at the number of girls he has slept with since our wedding day. Once, during an argument, he told me I could sleep with anyone I wanted, for all he cared. I'm not using that as permission, but as a mutual acknowledgment that we each have our own lives and needs to be fulfilled." She closed the door behind me and led me into another room, where we sat on a white sofa before an unlit fireplace.

"To be honest, this is the first time I've done anything like this. And this isn't a promise, but it might not be the last time we get together. I wouldn't just do it with anyone. You just seem to have a certain... it isn't innocence... honesty, I guess. You didn't try to hit on me or anything back at the store. You were charming and sweet," she said.

"Well, I just assume a guy like me wouldn't have a chance with a girl like you so I don't bother with any of that. It's still nice to get the attention of a pretty girl, though, so I talked to you," I explained. She smiled then and I nearly melted. At that moment I was completely in her grasp and I would have consented to the most unimaginable of acts if she wanted me to. 

"I'm sure when you say a 'guy like me' you're referring to your station in life, because, honey, you're a hottie," she said and I laughed. We paused a moment, looking at each other, then she took my face in her hands and leaned in to kiss me. Our lips met and we kissed deeply. Her tongue flicked my lips, then slipped past them into my mouth where mine came up to meet it. I eventually tore my mouth away from hers and began trailing kisses along the side of her neck, until I reached where it met her shoulder and sucked it gently. Her hands ran down my torso, finding the bottom of shirt and then pulled it up. She tossed it across the room then shot straight for my left nipple which she circled with her tongue, kissed, then gently nipped. She then darted over to the other nipple and covered with with her mouth, sucking hard.

"Tell me, what's your name," I gasped. She looked up at me, smiled and stood up. She slipped the silk robe off her shoulders.

"Mona," she said, then undid the clasp at the center of her bra. It fell to the floor, revealing her two small white mounds. The undersides curved upwards, her pink nipples standing rigid and pointing slightly upwards. I stood up and took my turn paying her nipples attention. I swirled my tongue around each one, then I began gently kissing the curving underside of her right breast, working my way up to the nipple as I caressed her left breast gently. Then as I nipped down on the hard, pink flesh, I pinched her other nipple. She squealed, then laughed delightedly. 

"Come with me," she said and started dragging me towards a staircase in the next room. 

"I plan to," I said. "All over those hot little titties of yours."

"Well, I hope you have a lot stored up because I want a taste of your sweet stuff," she said as we reached the top. The whole way up I watched her round ass move rhythmically with each step. She led me to the master bedroom which had an enormous picture window that overlooked the sparkling lake. Next to the bed was a silver ice pail with a bottle of champagne sticking out of it. She turned and dropped to her knees and began removing my pants. 

"Do me a favour and open that champagne, will you," she asked. Then as my cock sprang free of my boxers she smiled. "Yummy," she whispered, then gave a long lick from the base of my cock right to its tip. She then began teasing the head with her tongue, dabbing the hole and sucking on it every few seconds before opening her mouth wide and taking half of my manhood into her mouth. Temporarily losing control of myself, I pressed too hard against the cork and it shot out of the bottle like a bullet. Mona jerked, then giggled. She let me slide out of her mouth slowly then took the bottle from my hand. She poured some of the golden liquid into her mouth, winked at me and, tipping her head back, took my now raging member into her face again. 

The sensation was unreal as the bubbles popped against my flesh while at the same time, her soft cheeks smothered the sides and her tongue ran up and down the underside of the shaft. She then pulled away, stood up and pressed her mouth against mine, sharing the champagne between the two of us with a lustful kiss. We swallowed and then I playfully pushed her down onto the bed. She laughed and I reached for her panties. She lifted that amazing ass of hers off the duvet and I pulled the lace knickers along her pale, slender legs, marveling at the smooth skin that ran between her legs.

It was my turn to toss her clothing as her panties went flying across the room and I dove down onto the mattress. I desperately wanted to press my face into her engorged pussy but managed to restrain myself and began teasing it with strokes of my tongue. I licked her hairless skin like an ice cream cone, only occasionally taking a quick flick along her lips or the sweet, juicy strip between them. She began making playful, childish pleas for me to eat her and it was beyond me to be able to say no to such a beautiful woman, so I happily buried my tongue deep into her steamy paradise. I licked passionately, furiously, stumbling across her sweet spot from the sounds of her moans and focusing on it I looked up and watched as her hands slid from rubbing her abdomen to caressing her breasts. My pace increased as she began tugging on her tiny tits, pulling the nipples and biting her lips all the while. Eventually I tore myself away, gripped her hips and in one swift movement flipped her onto her stomach.

"On your knees, young lady" I said and she responded with an aggressive "Yes sir!" I crawled underneath her, positioning my cock below her face, then as she went to work on it, I took the champagne and poured a trickle out at the top of her ass crack. She oohed as the cold liquid ran down the channel. I poured a little more out, then began following it down with my tongue. I gave careful attention to her puckered love hole and from the sound she made I guessed it had been the first time she had ever received attention to this precious area. I noted that then worked my way down to her clit where I lapped up the rest of the champagne along with her own sweet juices.

It was then a familiar sensation began growing in my balls. I pulled myself out of her mouth and told her to roll over quick. She complied and I straddled her, stroking my own cock for a few seconds before my first shots starting spraying out of me. I aimed for her perky little tits and globs of my hot, white come coated her, hitting her hard nipples like targets on a range.

"I like a man who gets what he wants,' she said in a raspy voice. When I shot my last I leaned down, scooped up a white puddle from her tit with my tongue and began kissing her wildly. When she had cleaned my mouth of the last of it I said, "And I'm not one to deny a girl what she wants." 

When I had laid upon her as we kissed, my come smothered both our chests. She sat up under me, said "I want some more" and began sucking the come off my body. When she finished, she then pressed against my chest, pushing me onto my back, then kissed her way down to my soft cock, which she lovingly took into her mouth and began the process of stirring the sleeping giant. She then let it slide from her mouth and started licking my balls, slowly and methodically, studying the curve of each with her tongue, until gently taking one, then the other into her mouth. Then she continued down.

She kissed where my scrotum meets my body, then licked along the area until, spreading my legs apart, she returned the favour I had given her earlier, and began licking my anus. The sensation was exhilarating and it sprung my dick back to life. When she noticed this, she began crawling up my body.

"I need your cock in me in the worst way," she said, and placed my head between her pussy lips, then slowly sat down. She felt amazing, so slick and hot and tight. Her body was so light that as she rode me, I lifted my ass off the bed, her as well, and we fucked while she was suspended in air.

"Oh God yes," she moaned, her eyes closed tightly, hear body swaying with the momentum of our wild fucking. "I needed this so badly and you're doing it so good to me... oh, fuck me so hard, so hard..."

I needed no further encouragement, and flipped her off me. She immediately got to her knees and stuck her ass in the air. I got behind her and shoved my cock back into her dripping pussy and jackhammered the hell out of her. She grasped blindly for the headboard, then held on as I pounded her tender flesh with my rigid tool.

"This feels soooo fuckiiiing good. My pussy needs your cock. Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck... yes, keep fucking me hard. Haaaaard... oh, fuck yeah... my cunt loves your cock..." Her incessant dirty language encouraged me more and I called upon every bit of stamina my body possessed and beyond that I had no idea where it came from. I felt as if I had been enveloped by a higher power, one whose sole purpose was for pure, carnal lust. I fucked that woman, that goddess with my entire being and when I finally blew my load to the sound of her shrieking orgasm, my body gave up on me completely. I collapsed onto the bed next to her, out of breath, drenched in sweat and feeling as if I were out of my body, looking down of the pair of us from above.

I have no idea how much time had passed, but Mona eventually dragged her chest up to mine and kissed me long and deeply. When our mouths parted, she kissed my nose and smiled.

"When we wake up, you're in for a real treat. Ever had dessert for breakfast," she asked. I laughed, unable to imagine just what this incredible creature had planned for me in the morning and excited to find out.