 (writer's note: I originally posted this in six parts on a blog. I hope you enjoy this and look forward to all comments. Thank You, ~J~)

What is it about Mondays? The weather is cold, dreary. So it must be time for a story.

Linda walked into the Bar & Grill carrying a book to keep her company. Julie had called just 5 minutes ago to let her know that she couldn't make the lunch date. Oh well, Linda was hungry, had the afternoon off and a good book.

The hostess sat her at the requested back booth and gave her the menu. When asked what she'd like to drink, she thought, what the hell, and ordered a drink. The waitress left to get her drink, and after deciding on a meal, opened her book and became quickly engrossed.

Linda felt the eyes on her and assumed the waitress was back. Smiling, she looked up into the greenest eyes she had ever seen. They were deep set into a handsome face. A man that she did not know smiled down at her. His black hair was slightly long, and hung over his high forehead. His lips looked soft - his white teeth slightly crooked, but a beautiful smile. He was clean shaven, and wearing a charcoal gray suit with white shirt and black tie. He looked too professional to be the manager. Linda looked at him quizzically, but still smiling.

"Hello. My name is Jim and I think we may know each other. The hostess said that you are alone, may I join you?"

Linda just stared at him. Who was this man? She'd remember those eyes anywhere and she was sure they had never met.

"You must have me confused with someone else.... I'm sure we do not know each other."

"Oh, we've never met, but we have chatted. I'm Jim - but you might know me better as MrReal."

"OH! Jim! What are you doing here? How did you know it was me?" They had met on a sex site but had only chatted. Linda and her husband were swingers, but no one knew that outside of the men they had met online. This man was someone that she had given up on meeting - he lived too far away. But oh, the conversations they had! He had the most wicked imagination and was able to get her wet with just a suggestion of what he would do to her. She vividly remembered his pictures and now blushed - or flushed? - with pleasure. His one and only face pic was in black and white and was offset. He had seen her face. And so much more. John, her husband, loved to take pictures of her with other men and of just her in sexual poses. Some were posted, some she only shared with the men she chatted with regularly. Some showed the kinkier side of her sexuality - Jim had seen them all.

"Sit, please! Why are you here? How....?", Linda stammered. The waitress brought her drink. She took a long swallow, a deep breath, and tried to relax her shoulders. Everything about this man excited her but she never played without John. That was the agreement. Chatting was one thing - sex was another. She was uncomfortable even being in the same place with a man that knew her so intimately without John. She raised her eyes to him and told him so.

"I know. I called John this morning. We talked for quite awhile about his fantasy. The one where you are with a man, and go home to him used. He told me where you would be today. He arranged for Julie to cancel a few minutes before your lunch. He told me that you should call him."

Linda just stared at him. She couldn't believe this! John never told her about this. She took out her phone and dialed John. He answered on the first ring.

"Hi honey! Like your surprise?", his laughing voice was all she needed to hear. "Listen, I know we hadn't really discussed it completely but you know this has been a hot fantasy for me, and I know that you really want Jim. My only request is that when you come home, you tell me everything and that you don't clean up at all. Your toy bag is in the trunk and so is the camera. I'll see you tonight."

Linda just stared at the phone. After a few minutes of discussion, she closed the phone and looked at Jim. Then she smiled.

"Well, I DID shave my legs today...."

~~~~~~~~~~

Linda and Jim ate the lunch they had ordered, finished a couple of relaxing drinks and talked. They talked about family, jobs, the government, the economy, religion - anything but sex.

Linda was so nervous that she ordered her third drink without even a thought. Usually two was her limit, and that was more than enough to loosen her up. She always thought of herself as a 'friendly' drinker: more likely to flirt, tease, dance - activities that were very hard for her when she was totally sober. More than three and she was an out and out slut - and knew it. So having three was rare and was reserved for very special occasions. She never drank more than two without John there.

But today was different. Today she was going to, for the first time in her marriage, be with an attractive, sexy man without her husband there. In fifteen years she had only been with John and only in the last six months had she had sex with anyone besides John. Sure, she had had 'cyber sex' with many men and some women - but not this.

Jim finally looked her in the eyes, his smile gentle and then he took her tiny hand in his large one.

"Are you okay? I don't want you to feel pressure, but I have to tell you that I can barely contain myself - I want you - now. I want to lick your breasts, I want to taste your pussy and your ass - just like we talked about. I want to feel every inch of you and explore those spots I've only dreamed about. I want to take you out of here now. Please say yes."

Linda looked into those gorgeous eyes. She too wanted to feel him, taste him and hold him. Slowly she nodded, licked her lips and said yes in such a way that she wasn't sure it actually came out audibly.

"Yes.", she said in a firmer voice, trying to sound calm, in control. Jim quickly took care of the check, came around the side of the table and took her hand. As she stood up, she suddenly felt the effects of the three drinks and swayed slightly towards Jim. His arm went around her, bringing her close. Looking into her eyes, he bent his head and gently, but firmly, kissed her.

The electricity between them was very real - raw need, chemistry, pheromones: call it what you will but it was there. Linda felt it in the dampness between her legs and could see the evidence in the bulge that Jim was trying to hide. They made their way to the exit and into the dreary cold of a rainy afternoon.

"I'll drive, if that's ok - my hotel is only a couple of blocks and I really don't want to let you out of my sight." Jim's rental was close to the door - he unlocked it and she slipped into the passenger seat. In the 5 seconds it took him to get in the drivers' side, she tried to even her breathing, but soon gave up. As soon as he got into the car, he started it, turned up the heat and turned to her. In one fluid motion, he took her face in his hands and kissed her with the pent up passion of too much talk, not enough action. He told her without words that she was going to give him everything he wanted and in return she would be totally and completely satisfied. When he finally pulled back, she looked into his eyes and just nodded her acceptance.

The drive to the hotel only took a few minutes. He retrieved her bag from where he had put it in the backseat and grabbed another one with a somewhat sly grin.

"You have your toys, I have mine." He laughed lightly. They went to the elevator and he punched in the floor number. Turning to her, he ran his hand possessively over her back and down over her butt, which he squeezed lightly. When the door opened, he led her to his room and opened the door with his key card. After they entered, he turned the lock but left the lights off.

They came together with all the pent up lust of 3 months of wanting. First they kissed, long, wet and with the sweetness of lovers. Their tongues explored, their teeth grazed lips, their lips searched. Her hands were holding the lapels of his suit coat, his hands were holding her head - his fingers entwined in her short hair. When he pulled his head back, he looked at her in the dim light and then starting at her hairline, placed light kisses all over her face. She felt her knees go weak with desire. Her hands were caught between them, he was in control and he planned on staying that way.

His hands started to stray downward - he ran them over her back and back up her ribs, brushing the sides of her full breasts. Then in a rather quick motion, he removed her sweater, bringing it up over her head, and immediately started to kiss the exposed flesh above her lacy black bra. Next his hands went to the button of her jeans and the button and zipper were no longer a barrier. As he continued to kiss the mounds of her breasts, he slid his hands into her jeans at the hips and started to slide them down over her firm round ass, her thighs were then exposed and then the jeans fell unheeded to the floor. Her black thong the only barrier to his searching hands.

She stepped out of her low heeled shoes and jeans and stepped closer to him. Her hands now around his neck, she sought his mouth with hers and felt it claimed by him. His hands never stopped moving over her soft skin. His murmur of delight barely audible to her ears.

Abruptly, he picked her up and carried her to the king size bed and lay her gently down. As he stood there, he tuned on the bedside lamp and took in every inch of her lovely body. She was in her forties, had two children and had the soft curves of a mature woman. Her breasts were full, her stomach rounded, her ass full and shapely legs completed the package. From her pictures he knew her but in the flesh, she was spectacular.

Slowly, he began to undress. She watched him remove his jacket and tie and put them over the back of the chair. Cuff buttons, and shirt buttons next, a glimpse of a strong chest with black and silver hair visible. Next he undid his belt, button and zipper. And stopped. He smiled at her and said, "undress me."

Linda got to her knees on the bed. She slowly slid her hands over his chest, reveling in the muscle she felt there, and pushed the shirt over his shoulders and down his strong arms. The shirt fell to the floor. She leaned forward and gently took each nipple in her mouth, in turn. His intake of breath her reward.

Her hands then went to the waist of his pants - for a moment she considered leaving his boxers in place, but decided against it. She slowly slid his pants and boxers over his hips, ass and down his thighs.

His erection was large, powerful, his desire right in front of her. Before he could stop her, and before he could step out of his pants she bent forward and gently took the head of his cock in her mouth. He reached for her head and to her pleasure and surprise, he slowly forced her head down onto his cock until she thought she may gag. He then pulled her off and said, "Not yet, my dear. We have much to explore and all afternoon to do it. Now, I think we need to rid you of the rest of your clothes." With that he reached behind her and unhooked the bar restraining her breasts. Slowly and deliberately, he slid it off.

He then paid homage to her breasts with his mouth and hands bringing moans of pleasure to her throat. When he had suckled his fill, he lay her back down and slowing traced his tongue over her belly and down toward her center - licking, sucking, through the lacy thong - his tongue promising delights to come.

~~~~~~~~~~

As Linda lay back, her whole being was centered, focused on what Jim was doing to her clit, through the thin lace of her thong. Suddenly, Jim pulled the flimsy material up tightly between her labia, increasing the pressure on her clit. He was kneeling on the floor with his upper arms pining her thighs to the bed. He maneuvered his chest in order to spread her thighs further apart in order to open he up completely to his searching tongue. She reached down with both hands to grab his head. He allowed that for only a few minutes then looked up at her with a grin on his face.

"You're not the one in control here, you know. But I think you may need help controlling yourself." With that, Jim reached towards the bag he had brought in with him. He quickly withdrew a pair of velro cuffs, and then held them up for her to see. Still smiling, he said, "Give me your wrists."

Smiling, she sat up and put her hands in front of her. He place a cuff on each wrist, checked for good circulation and then forced her arms behind her back - hooking the cuffs together.

"HMMM - I think that is a good start. But we both know that you need more." With that he reached back into the bag and brought out the ankle cuffs and straps. He quickly cuffed her and then secured her legs to the legs of the bed. Finally a blindfold came out of the bag, along with a ball gag and his favorite toy of all - a butt plug. He had more, but those were for later.

They had discussed this exact scenario in their chats. He knew that this was a fantasy for her - forced sex, forced orgasm, loss of control, being taken by a strong dominant man without pain or fear. As he placed the blindfold over her eyes, he saw the arousal mixed with some concern - after all, they had never actually met. This level of trust is usually earned over time, and she was giving him all of herself on faith that he was the same man she believed he was. He smiled again.

Legs spread wide, hands under the small of her back, blinded, she was literally dripping wet now. The thong she still wore was soaked through - her scent rising to great him - making him even more aroused. His cock felt like it would burst soon. He walked around the bed and pulled her head to the edge of the bed until her head hung over the side.

"Open wide.... ", and he thrust his engorged cock into her mouth - loving the hot wetness of her mouth, unable to hold back for long, he took her mouth- fucking it - watching her struggle to take all of him. "Relax your throat - breath through your nose - slowly - yes, that's the way - oh, God, your mouth is so good - there - suck harder - take it all!" With that he came deep in her throat while she tried not to gag with the large amount of cum that he forced her to swallow. She took every drop, and started sucking again, knowing that his now half hard cock would get hard as steel again.

"Ha, ha, no my little slut. I have much to do before I cum again. Don't worry, you'll feel my cock everywhere before this day ends and then I'm going to send you back to John full of my cum. Because you are my cum slut today and tonight he will fill you again. Today, you are going to be used like the slut you are and you are going to love all of it!" With that he put the ball gag in her mouth, ran his wet cock over her face and then walked away.

It was quiet. She wondered what he was doing, where he had gone. What would happen next? She strained to hear but only heard voices in the hallway, a TV on too loud and then the door opened and closed. She felt alone. Knew that he had left. She wasn't really worried - she knew he wasn't done with her. But she did wonder what he planned and felt a flutter of fear mixed with arousal. Her pussy was so wet, throbbing, needing release. Would he allow her a release soon?

With these thoughts going through her head, she was startled by the sudden opening and closing of the door. She tried to talk with the gag in her mouth, but could only mumble. Then she felt his hands on her breasts, rubbing, kneading, pinching her erect nipples.

Then the ice. He ran the ice cube over her nipples, making them even harder! The sensation on her hot skin was intense! But she knew this was only the beginning. She knew he had much more that he wanted, that he knew she wanted. How far would he go? How far could she go? She decided to stop thinking. She would float on the sensations - higher and higher - and give herself completely to him and these needs. Her last coherent thought as he continued his playing with the ice, was that John was going to love this story.

~~~~~~~~~~

Linda shivered as the ice melted slowly over her right nipple and then her left. Jim was merciless too - back and forth until the ice chip was completely gone. No matter which way she moved - right or left, arching her back or hunching her shoulders, Linda could not escape the coldness that was quickly followed by the heat of Jim's tongue as he lapped at the melted ice.

She heard the ice clink in the bucket and soon felt another chip being slowly dragged across her belly, down to her navel where he let most of it melt. He slowly lapped it up and repeated the process over and over. She thought she would go mad if he didn't stop! Her dripping pussy was screaming for his touch - and he knew it. Her release was still his to give, when he chose. She heard another clink of ice.

She felt him shift his position so that he was settled between her thighs, his elbows pushing gently against her. With one hand he pulled the thong tightly against her clit again and moved it back and forth to tease her. With his other hand he held the ice chip. He ran the chip up one side and down the other, briefly touching her hot, swollen clit, and then repeating the motion. Just when she thought she would cum just from this touch, he stopped. She whimpered with need. The ice dripped over her clit - her thong was hot and cold in turns - hot from her juices, cold from the ice. She heard him sigh and then inhale deeply.

"I love the smell of you. You have a wonderful mustiness that drives me crazy. This thong is in the way now, so off it must come!" He got to his feet and walked across the room to his bag. She could hear him rummaging through it and heard his satisfied grunt. "Ah, just what I needed," he said softly, "and a few things that you need too."

She heard a funny metallic sound and then felt her thong come loose - cut with a knife! She stiffened - fear racing through her. She realized that she was alone with basically a stranger! She tried to pull at her restraints but it was useless. Her fear grew.

"Now, now, don't worry - I just didn't want to have to release you to remove them - I'll even buy you new ones! Dozens if you wish - relax, darling, I would never hurt you. Besides, John would castrate me if you even got a scratch. Let your fear go, this is about pleasure only."

Slowly, Linda relaxed with his soothing voice so close to her ear, she wanted, needed to believe him. His hands began a soft exploration of her body. He started with her face, down her neck. He placed gentle pressure on her throat and whispered, "You have a lovely neck - soft." He continued down her shoulders and upper arms to where her arms disappeared behind her back. He then came back to her upper chest and his hands glided over her breasts, tweaking her nipples gently.

Jim's large hands roamed slowly over her ribs, upper belly, then her lower belly to just above her sex. Then they spread out over her hips, outer thighs, knees, calves and ankles. He knew her feet were off limits - her extreme ticklishness was a source of amusement for both Jim and John, but both knew that she really hated having them touched. So he would avoid them.

He then brought his hands slowly up the inner portions of her legs, past her knees to her inner thighs and stopped just short of her very hot sex.

Kneeling at her side, he could see her labia were wet, the juices dripping down the crack of her ass. Slowly, deliberately, he parted her lips with his fingers. She lifted herself off the bed towards his hand, straining for his touch. He gave in to her need and plunged two fingers into her moist pussy. With his other hand he lifted her ass, his finger against her anal opening which he felt spasm in anticipation.

He could hear her moan of pleasure and need. He started to pump his fingers in and out - slowly at first, then faster, his palm slapping her clit with each thrust. He deliberately slipped his finger into her ass and felt her body stiffen for just a second and then open to him. His finger sank into her ass while he continued to finger fuck her pussy. She bucked wildly against his hand, her need growing, her orgasm so close. Suddenly he leaned over and took her clit in his mouth for the first time, sucking it hard. Her orgasm was explosive. While it rolled over her in waves of pleasure, she could not think of anything but his fingers, his tongue - nothing else mattered, nothing else existed. This was nirvana!
