 Monday morning. I hate Monday mornings. And that one was not shaping up to be a good one. Almost nobody was at work and of course there were several crisis's to deal with. There was just me (Leo) in the materials department, one sales person, and Shannon, our highly esteemed controller in the accounting department. Not even any of the bosses had made it in that day. 

We had counted inventory on Christmas eve and had waited until the Monday after Christmas to input the data and see how it looked. It was bad, really, really bad. Shannon called me into her office as soon as she saw how many discrepancies there were. "Leo, can you believe this?" she said to me. "There's no way this is right. I know those guys must have been screwing around and thinking about getting out of here instead of paying attention to what they were doing."

She was pissed, her cheeks were turning red and what I could see of the top of her chest was starting to get flushed.

"I know, I can't blame them too much," I replied. "I would have been doing the same thing. Even still, it doesn't make our job any easier."

"Will you go out and recheck these tags that are off so much? I would really appreciate it." All of the sudden, the anger had left her voice. She knew that I didn't want to go out to the warehouse and she would have to sweet talk me into doing it. She unconsciously pushed out her breasts and flipped her hair to the side. 

I don't think that she realized that it wouldn't take as much motivation as she thought. I had had a crush on her for years, but since we were both married, I hadn't done anything about it. She wasn't the hottest woman in the office, but she was up there. She was intelligent, mature, and just had an innate sexuality about her. Everything that my wife wasn't. I can't complain too much about my wife, she just isn't the kind of woman that I really envisioned myself with. But that is how things had worked out and I'm really not the cheating or divorcing kind. Still, I had this thing for Shannon.

I looked at her and noticed how deep her eyes were. It would be so easy for me to just stare into them as I lean forward to kiss her. But I don't, I break the contact. "Sure," I finally answer her question. "Give them to me and I'll see what I can do."

As I walked out to the warehouse, Shannon was the only thing on my mind. I debated stopping by the men's room to jack off before I started working but decided against it. I hate doing that at work, trying to be quiet sitting in the stall. So I started searching for the "missing" inventory.

After an hour, I had found everything that I had been looking for. The guys really had messed up when they did it initially. I went to Shannon's office to give her the corrected tags but she wasn't there so I went back to my office and sat down at the computer. Just then, Shannon walked in my door.

"Hi, did you have any luck?" she said.

"Yep," I answered. "Everything was right. They just messed up originally. I'm just starting to input the new tags."

She stepped behind my desk to watch me work. Both of her hands were on my shoulders as she inspected what I was doing. She was actually touching me! I couldn't pay attention to the tags any more and it was immediately evident.

"Oops," she said. "You put that one in wrong."

She reached down to my keyboard to correct the error but as she did that, I shifted in my seat. All of the sudden, her had brushed against my semi-hard cock. We both froze just for a second then I turned to apologize to her. We froze again as our eyes made contact. This time, I let myself stare. Her hand was still against the fabric of my pants. Simultaneously, I moved my lips to hers and she turned her palm to grasp my hardening dick.

We didn't talk, we didn't say a word. We both knew what was happening and neither of us were going to stop it. I opened my mouth to let my tongue taste her lips and venture into her mouth. Her soft lips were like an anecdote to all of the stress of work and home. I could feel nothing else.

She sat down on my lap and I moved my hand to her breast. Not as large as my wife's, but more firm, more energy in them. I could feel her nipple harden under the fabric of her sweater. I broke the kiss and stared into her eyes as I unbuttoned her top. She reached around and undid her bra. Her nipple was right there before, asking me to kiss it. I licked it, kissed it and felt it grow proud and excited in my mouth. I turned my attention to her other breast as her and reached down between our legs to reclaim my dick.

She stroked it through my pants, her touch was heavenly. Suddenly she stopped. She moved off my lap and knelt down on the floor between my legs. Slowly, she undid my pants and took my cock out into the air. Staring first at it and then at me, she moved her lips to the head of my penis and kissed it gently. Before going further, she took my pants off completely so she could have access to my balls. Grasping them gently with one hand, she used her other to hold my cock as she moved it into her mouth. Her warm, soft, wet mouth.

I had never, ever received a blow job like that before. She was at once loving and tender and wild and aggressive. Massaging my balls and deepthroating my cock made for a mixture that would soon send me over the edge.

"Shannon, I going to cum," I warned her. She just shook her head slightly as she continued blowing me. "Shannon!" I yelled. I shot into her mouth, something my wife would never let me do. Spurt after spurt shot into her throat as she began to slow her movement. Finally, when I was spent, I didn't let her say anything. I stood up and placed her into the same position I had been in.

She tried to grab a hold of my cock, but I took her hand and placed it against my mouth. I then knelt down and unbuttoned her pants, pulling them down along with her panties.

Lifting up one of her legs, I gently massaged her foot, kissing and sucking her toes. I slowly moved my way up her leg, coming so close to her pussy. I could smell her, I could almost taste her. But instead of diving into her sex, I went to her other foot, giving it the same treatment as the first. When I got to the center of her this time, I didn't detour. I kissed the lips of her pussy, using my fingers to open her. Gently licking along the opening of her vagina, I moved my fingers to her clit. I felt her whole body stiffen with my touch. Licking deeper and deeper, I rotated my fingers around her clit, never focusing on it yet never leaving it completely unattended. She grew wetter and wetter, her legs started to twitch, her hands more firmly grasped my head as I knew it was time to finish her off. 

I moved my fingers down to her hole and started sucking hard on her clit, pulling it into my mouth and moving it with my tongue. Without warning, Shannon shrieked, "YES, YES, YES!" She came, holding my head tightly and not letting me move. After her grasp released slightly, I stood and positioned my now hard dick at her pussy. She knew that we both wanted the same thing and moved her hips down. I fell into her, not needing to be gentle, she was as ready as I was.

Pumping faster and faster, I moved my head to one of her nipples and suckled it. My hand went down to our connection and met hers there. We both massaged her clit as we came at the same time. No shrieking, no yelling, just a guttural grunt came from both of us. We had satisfied our needs with each other. 

Stepping back to pull my pants on, I could see my semen leaking out of her. I reached down and got some on my finger. She took it into her mouth and sucked my finger clean. She stood and kissed me deeply. We both finished dressing without a word. Just one more kiss before she left my office.

I don't know if this will ever happen again. I don't know that I want it to. All I know is Shannon and I connected on a level I had never experienced before with a women and doubt if I ever will again.