 It's Monday morning, early, and I'm dressed and about to head for the front door to start another week on the work treadmill. I realise I haven't kissed you goodbye so I turn on my heel and climb the stairs once more. 

I stop at the door to our room. I enter as quietly as I can, not wanting to waken you from your slumber. I stand at the door, eyes like saucers in my head, marvelling at how you can still take my breath away after all this time.

You've kicked the covers off you as you sometimes do and you're lying on your stomach as usual. The blinds are open and the sun is spilling in through the window and bathing you in its early morning gold, your pale skin is glowing in places, in stark contrast to the places where the light doesn't reach, both extremes combining to highlight your naked body to perfection.

I move to the bed, undressing as I go, Thankful for the thick carpet as I don't want to waken you - at least not yet.

I stand at the foot of out bed and gently begin to kiss you, working my lips and tongue from your ankles over your calves and onto the back of your thighs.

I place my hands between your thighs, gently parting your legs so my tongue slips easily between your legs and up to the centre of you. My eyes closed, guided only by the heat and the faint musky scent. I pause only to slip my arm around you, gently easing your ass up from the mattress and sliding two pillows under your stomach, raising your ass to my face while having my hands free to explore.

I gently lower my hands to your knees and part your legs even wider, my mouth watering when I spy your juices glistening between your semi parted lips. I press my hands onto your cheeks and being to massage, gently at first but becoming firmer, matching the state of my now throbbing cock, parting your cheeks as I knead the soft flesh, opening you to my tongue.

I lower my head, my tongue already twitching in anticipation, your full lips hanging in front of my face, your slit filled with a thin membrane of your cream.

After what seems like an eternity I lower my face further still and finally taste you, my tongue coated in your cream as I lick you from clit to ass and back again, long slow strokes of my flattened tongue, my nostrils filled with the scent of your unshowered cunt.

I hear you whimper in your sleep, your hips grinding against the pillows in time with my tongue and I raise myself onto my knees and rest the engorged head of my rigid cock at the entrance to your creamy cunt and with one fluid movement I ease myself in.

You waken fully now and try to turn to face me but I press down, lacing my fingers between yours and holding your arms above your head. I quicken my thrusts, pushing deeper, harder, faster, my mouth at your ear, telling you not to move, not to turn around, that you're mine to use, you're going to be a receptacle for my come this morning.

You wordlessly nod and raise your ass a little higher, inviting me deeper into your cunt, working your muscles to milk my cock, I release your right hand and move my hand between your legs so I can finger your clit.

It's now a race between us to see who will win out and make the other orgasm first. My balls slapping against your full thick lips as I pound into you, your muscles tightening even more as you try to empty me of my come, my fingers wildly circling your clit. 

Sweat dripping from my brow, muscles bunched from the effort and my balls crying out for release, I feel your body shudder and your muscles quiver as your orgasm begins to wash over you, your moans pushing me over the edge to sweet release and I empty all I have into your waiting cunt, collapsing onto you as I do. 

I reluctantly move to lift myself off you, feeling my come and your cream ooze out as I shift my position. I kiss you full on the mouth, with all the tenderness I have for you, then whisper I love you and leave you to resume your dreams as I head to work with my spirits soaring.