 Money Talks Pt. 04

I had a stretch of bad luck for the next week in Florida. I had no luck convincing women to give it up for money, and a couple got pissed off and headed for the store manager. One threatened to call the police, but her cell phone was messed up. I ran for the R.V. and got the hell out of there.

I decided it was time to leave the state and head out west for better pastures. I took the southern route through Louisiana and ended up in Houston, Texas. It was past time to get the R.V. serviced and cleaned, so I dropped it off and took a cab to the nearest Holiday Inn. The idea of having a shower larger than a closet and a real bed sounded too good to pass up.

After cleaning up, I got bored watching T.V. and decided to go down and check out the hotel bar and have a few beers. The place was pretty packed, and I found out why when the local band came out to do another set. I had my laptop bag full of some surveys, and a shit load of cash tucked inside. I wasn’t about to leave it in the hotel room. 

As the waitress brought my first beer, I noticed a woman walk in. She was obviously a guest at the hotel. The woman had that look of a business traveler. Very dark hair up in a bun, black business suit, and pants. She sat down by herself in a booth at the back, and I thought she might be a possibility. Fortunately, the band wasn’t loud and played some old soft rock as I studied her.

I guessed she was about 35 more or less, and very pretty. It was hard to tell from across the room. She was petite and well curved in the chest regardless of her suit jacket trying to cover it up. When the waitress came back with my next beer, I told her to take the next drink to her on me.

“Do you want me to give her a message?”

“Tell her I’d like to talk to her if she doesn’t mind.”

“I will,” the waitress answered, “and good luck!”

I watched her surprise when she got the second margarita and them talking. The barmaid pointed me out, and the woman raised her glass to me and took a drink.

That was my cue, and I grabbed my beer and headed over to talk to her.

I went over to her table with my beer as she looked at me the whole way.

“Hi, I’m Matt, can I sit down?”

“Sally, sure have a seat.”

We shook hands, and I noticed the massive diamond on her left hand soldered to her wedding band. It was a statement that said, “No pussy for you!”

I took that as a challenge and wanted to find out what her price was.

I sat down and put my laptop bag next to me.

“So, why did you buy me a drink?” She asked.

“I wanted to say hello and see if I could interest you in a little survey I’m doing.” 

Sally smiled, “Another salesman,” as she studied her drink, “I’m a hard sell because I do the same line of work. 

“Great, then we should get along fine.”

Sally eyed me, “So what is someone so young as you selling?”

“I’m not selling anything,” I told her, “Just a college project I’m doing for my Master’s degree.”

“Really,” she replied, looking interested, “Tell me about it.”

“I’m collecting research about women.”

“I bet you are,” She laughed, “What kind of research would that be.”

“I have this theory that everyone has their price,” I told her, “That untouchable women such as you, could be convinced to do things for money.”

Sally looked at me, “You can’t be serious! Why do you say I’m untouchable?”

“Well you’re certainly out of my league,” I told her, “A sexy woman like you wouldn’t care about a dumb college kid like me.

I pointed at her diamond and wedding band, “Isn’t that what those say.”

Sally laughed, “Maybe I’m not married, and this just keeps the rift raft away from me.”

“No, you’re married, alright,” I told her, “I can tell.”

“Really? And what gives it away?”

The waitress appeared with another round and winked at me as she set the drinks down. 

“I can just tell.”

“You’re a fascinating young man,” Sally replied and sipped her new drink, “You might be a little bit older than my son, and I find it hard to believe that you’re hitting on me.” 

“Why?” I asked her, “You are a gorgeous woman.”

“Thank you, Matt, but I think you’re wasting your time.”

“Would you take my survey for a $100 bucks?”

“No strings attached?” She asked.

“Nope, fill it out, and it’s all yours.”

“Okay.”

I dug out a copy of it and a pen and gave it to her as the band shut-up at last. She filled it out smirking and laughing sometimes, but she filled it out. I gave her a new $100 bill which she put in her purse.

Sally handed it back to me all filled in, “That’s a pretty wild survey.”

“That’s why it pays so well.”

“Matt, so tell me did you think this up all by yourself?”

“Yes, but I can back it up.”

“Really?” She laughed.

“Yes, I think everyone has a price that would make them consider doing something they usually wouldn’t dream of doing.

“Like what?” She asked, “Give me an example.”

I thought for a minute as she studied my face.

“You travel and stay in hotels a lot, right?”

“Yes, more than I like, but it’s a living.”

“Let’s say you meet a strange man one night, and he offers you one thousand bucks cash to spend the night with him,” I told her, “Would you do it?”

Sally laughed, “Does your mom know what a nasty boy you are?”

“No, she thinks I’m an angel, so would you do it?”

“No, it would take more than that!”

“How much more?”

Sally laughed again, “You really are serious, aren’t you?”

“I am, so how much would it take for you to agree to that arrangement?”

“I don’t know if any amount would make me agree to that,” Sally replied, “I mean why would a guy spend that much money when he could get a girlfriend for free?”

“Maybe he travels all the time too and doesn’t have one waiting at home for him. Always traveling with no time to have a real relationship.”

“Well, this whole thing is hypothetical anyway,” Sally replied, “I don’t think that would ever happen, so I don’t have to worry about it.”

“You might be surprised,” I told her and reached for my laptop bag.

I dug in my bag and found an envelope with $2500 cash. I handed it to Sally and watched while she thumbed through it.

“If you spend the night with me, it’s yours,” I told her.

“You’re not joking, are you?” She replied, “Why me?”

“I think you’re lovely, and I don’t want to sleep alone tonight.”

Sally slid the envelope back to me, “I’m flattered, but I think I’ll pass.”

“Okay,” I told her, “Thanks for filling out the survey. If you change your mind, I’m in room 323.”

“I won’t, but it was interesting to talk to you.”

“Not even for three thousand?

Her eyes got big, “Where did you get all this money?”

“Does it matter?” 

I smiled at her and slung my computer bag over my shoulder, “If you change your mind, you know where I am.”

I got up and went to my room. I didn’t think Sally would show up, but an hour later I heard a knock on the door. I opened the door in a T-shirt and boxers. Sally was wearing a simple button-down blouse and shorts. 

“Hi, can I come in?” She asked.

“Sure,” I told her and closed the door to open the safety chain.

When I opened the door, she came in looking a little nervous. I closed the door and re-locked it. Sally sat on the edge of the bed with her hands together on her lap.

“Want a beer?” I asked.

“Okay, I could use a drink.”

I got two beers out of the little refrigerator and opened them and gave one to her.

“Thanks.”

I sat on the chair by the bed and looked at her. She was beautiful. Her long hair was now in a ponytail and without that suit on I could see that she did have a great looking body. And nice full boobs and shapely looking legs and thighs.

“So, did you change your mind about my offer, or is this a social call?”

“I’m here, aren’t I?”

“Yes, but what made you change your mind?”

“I have my reasons,” She replied, “I’d rather not talk about those.”

I took a drink, “I was just curious for the sake of my research.”

“Is this some kind of a scam?” She asked me. 

I got up and dug out three thousand in crisp one hundred dollar bills. I handed her the money and told her she could count it if she wanted.

Sally didn’t count it, but she spread it out in a fan to look at it. Then she folded it up and put it in the front pocket of her shorts. She took several long drinks of her beer and then asked if she could use the bathroom.

I turned down the bed and took my shirt off while she was gone. With all the lights off but the one by the bed, I finished my beer. Sally came out of the bathroom with nothing on but her red panties. She had a better body than I’d thought!

“You look incredible!” I told her.

Sally smiled at me and crawled onto the bed, pulling the sheet over her. I pulled my boxers off and joined her. I crawled over next to her and put my hand on her warm tummy and went to kiss her.

“You’re not going to hurt me, are you?”

“I would never do anything like that,” I whispered and then kissed her on the lips.

Sally was tense at first, but she warmed up quickly as we kissed. And I played with her left boob. Squeezing it gently and teasing her nipple into a nice hardpoint. I kissed my way down her neck and to her nipple. Sally began to make some moans when I sucked it and started rubbing her pussy through her panties.

I sucked her other nipple, and her legs opened up enough for my hand as I slid down inside her panties. My middle finger slipped between her warm lips, and she let out another moan as I began to rub her clit. Her pussy was getting nice and wet, and I kissed her some more but kept teasing her pussy.

I felt her right-hand wrap around my cock that was hard as steel, and she began to squeeze it and stroke it as we kissed. She was getting more turned on, so I kept rubbing her pussy, and she played with my dick with more enthusiasm.

I broke the kiss and tossed the sheet off her. She watched me as I pulled her panties down her legs and threw them on the floor. Sally had a sweet trimmed bush and full pussy lips that looked delicious. I got on my back and told her to get on top and let me eat her pussy while she sucked my dick.

Sally didn’t say anything but crawled on top of me in a 69. I pulled her pussy to my face and began to lick her as her warm wet mouth took the tip of my cock inside. It wasn’t long before I had her moaning with her mouth full of my cock. Her pussy was getting juicy, and she started squirming and had to stop sucking my dick to moan while she had an orgasm.

“AHhh Ahhhh OOOohhhhhh Unnhhhhhh!” She groaned and bucked her pussy on my face.

I rolled her off me and onto her back. Sally spread her legs wide with her feet flat on the mattress and her knees up waiting for me. I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her wet slit a few times and then slid down and pushed inside her.

“Ohh, God!” She moaned as I slowly slid all way up inside her warm wet cunt.

Now I don’t know if she’d ever had a cock my size before and I didn’t ask. But from the way she ended up moaning and yelling I’d say that she hadn’t. I held myself up with my arms palms down on the mattress on each side of her tits. I gave her the dick hard and fast because I knew it wouldn’t take long for me to cum after the dry spell I’d had.

“Oh yes, Ohhhhh yeah, OOohhhhh my god!” Sally was saying as I pumped her hard and deep.

It was only maybe 5 minutes before I was ready to shoot.

“I’m going to Cum!” I grunted but kept on pumping.

“Yes, YES, Fuck ME” She yelled, “OH GOD! You’re going to make me CUM!”

A few strokes later, I exploded with several grunts as I shot my load up inside her hot juicy cunt.

“AHHhhh OOOohhhh YEeeeessss!” Sally moaned and squeezed my throbbing dick with her vagina as she had her own orgasm.

“Fuck!” I groaned and shot one or two more blasts.

I left my cock balls deep in her and sucked both of her nipples and then kissed her lips. She kissed me back and kept squeezing my cock with her vagina and getting every drop out of it. When it quit throbbing, I pulled out and walked forward on my knees, straddling her lovely tits and rubbed the wet dripping end of my cock on her lips. She looked up at me but opened her mouth and took it. 

Sally sucked the cum from my dick, and it made me groan and push it deeper down her throat. My cock was going limp, but it felt so good as she held it with one hand and my balls with the other, while she sucked it nice and clean.

I pulled out and rolled over on my back to enjoy the afterglow. Sally got up and went to the bathroom, and when she came back, she cuddled up to me.

“Hold me tight,” She told me, as we drifted off to sleep.

We fucked again a couple of hours later, and it was just as good as the first time. The only difference the second time was when I came. I pulled out just before and told her to suck me. Sally sat up and jacked me off into her mouth. She swallowed my cum as I groaned and shot off loving how hard she was sucking on it. The woman knew what to do, that was for sure. She knew how to take care of a man the way he likes it.

We fell asleep again until about six in the morning when I woke up with morning wood. The fact that Sally was sucking on my dick had something to do with it.

“Enjoying yourself?” I asked, pulling up the sheets and seeing her beautiful back.

Sally turned around grinning, “It’s about time you woke up,” She told me, “I have to catch a plane.”

“Sorry to see you go,” I told her.

Sally got on top of me and started rubbing the head of my cock up between her legs as she looked down at me over her nice big tits.

“I wanted to feel your nice big cock in me one last time.”

Sally guided my dick into her and sat down on it, “God this feels so fucking good!”

I played with her tits as she bounced up and down on me moaning and groaning until she made me cum. When I was finished, she got off me, and cum leaked out of her all over my cock, but she took care of it. Then she went to the bathroom, and I heard the shower running. I joined her, and I wished I could have spent more time with her, but she needed to go.

She used my toothbrush, but it didn’t matter. We’d been exchanging bodily fluids all night. When she was dressed, she told me she had to go and kissed me on the lips. I gave her three hundred more dollars.

“What’s this for?”

“To cover the price of your room since you didn’t stay in it last night.”

Sally smiled at me, “Thank you, and good luck with your survey.”

I watched her disappear down the hallway and ordered breakfast. Soon I was back on the road heading north to Dallas and then on to Oklahoma City. I wanted to see Colorado, and that seemed the best route to take. 

***

It had been an eight or 9-hour drive when I pulled into the Walmart in Oklahoma City. I was told that they didn’t allow all-night parking anymore, but Sam’s Club across the street did. I pulled into a corner spot of the lot for the night. This is called dry camping and means there are no hookups for water or electricity, but that was no problem because my rig had a generator and plenty of water. I made supper and went to bed not sure as what I would do in the morning.

In the morning, I decided to go stock up on some food and beer. When I came out pushing my cart, there was a table set up out front, and it looked like some local high school girls were raising money for their cheerleading squad. A really cute blonde stopped me and asked me If I’d donate to the cause.

She looked hot in her cheer outfit, with perky teenage tits and a very slender body. She had long dirty blonde hair and the bluest eyes I’d ever seen. Her face was beautiful and smile breathtaking!

“This for your cheer squad?”

“Yes, we are raising some money to help pay for away games and things like that.”

I noticed the other girl was talking to some folks and dug in my pocket, “I think I can help you out.”

“Oh, thank you!”

“What’s your name?” I asked as I dug out a couple of hundred dollars.

“Dianne.”

“Here Dianne,” I replied, “Here is a couple hundred.”

“Oh Wow!, let me write you a receipt.”

Dianne scribbled on a little receipt and handed it to me.

“It’s tax-deductible as a charity.”

“Okay, I’ll remember that,” I told her and folded it up and stuffed it in my pocket.”

“Thanks again!”

I was about to push my cart and decided what the hell.

“See that big R.V. out there?”

“Yes.”

“When you get done here could you stop by and fill out a little survey I’m doing?”

“Ummm, I suppose so.”

“It’s only one page and pays a hundred bucks if you do.”

That changed her mind.

“Really?” She replied, “Just for filling it out?”

“Yeah, but you have to be 18.”

“I’m 18, and I’ll stop by after we shut down at noon.”

“Okay, see you later.”

I left pushing the cart as the girls started working other potential donations. I put away the groceries and beer and took a nap before setting up a couple of lawn chairs outside my rig. I had the clipboard with a hundred dollar bill and pencil on top of the survey. I half expected her to not even come by, but she showed up about 12:30. She’d changed into shorts and a red “O.U.” T-Shirt. 

“Hi!”

“Hi, you ready to make an easy 100 dollars?”

“Sure!”

“Sorry, but I need to make sure you’re 18,” I asked, “Do you have an I.D.?”

Dianne had her I.D. in her back pocket and handed it to me. She was 18 but only by a few months.

“I’ve never had to show my I.D. for a survey before?” She said.

“Well, it has an adult theme, and I don’t want to get in trouble with the law.”

Dianne laughed, “Well, that explains it!” 

She put her driver’s license back in her pocket and took the clipboard and the other chair. 

After about the third question, she looked over at me, “This is pretty personal stuff you’re asking?”

“Not me,” the company I work for wants to survey women and get real answers,” I told her, “It’s anonymous nobody will know who you are.”

“That’s good!” and she went back to penciling in her answers along with a few giggles from time to time.

While she was filling it out, I was admiring her slender but muscled legs. She looked very athletic, and I bet she had a tight little pussy. I was hoping I’d be able to get between her legs with a bit of cash to encourage her.

“Wow!” She said, handing the clipboard back to me, “That was something!”

“Thanks, keep the cash and let me give this a glance to see if you missed anything.”

Dianne put the money in her front pocket while I scanned her answers real quick. I’d been modifying the survey off and on, and it now had a lot of questions about sex. Like how often, preferred positions, group sex, sexual preference, etc. Along with questions about drug and alcohol use and anything else I could think of. 

I’d changed the last question to: “Have you ever had sex with a stranger?” With a Yes or No to circle.

“If you answered “No,” would you consider it?” “Yes, No, Maybe.

Dianne had answered “No” and wrote “Depends” instead of circling an answer.

“Looks great,” I told her, “I just have one question for you.”

“Okay.”

“This last question you wrote Depends?” Can you explain a bit more what “Depends” means?”

“Oh, I don’t know for sure,” She giggled, “I guess if the guy was cute, and I felt some kind of attraction for him or something like that.”

“Yeah, that makes sense,” I replied and put the form in my laptop bag that was at my feet.

“Can I ask you one more question?”

“Sure, it’s your money.”

Damn, she was cute, and I hoped I’d read her right.

“They told me this survey is trying to determine what regular people would be willing to do for some money that they usually wouldn’t even consider.

“You mean like filling that survey out?” 

“Yeah, would you have filled this out for free?”

“Hell no!” She laughed, “It’s way too personal!”

“One more thing if you don’t mind me asking?”
