 If you were 23 and in college and suddenly had won the lottery what would you do with the money?

That was a question I asked myself for a week after I hit it big. I won close to ten million dollars, and after the euphoria went away I was left wondering what I'd do with the rest of my life. I'd just started to work on my Master's degree and somehow that all seemed irrelevant with all that cash in the bank.

The worst part of being suddenly rich was that I had people coming out of the woodwork, telling me how they'd always loved me and, "By the way can you spare a few thousand?"

Not even my mom and dad were immune to the lure of major money. Mom would say something like, "You know this house sure could use a makeover. If we hadn't spent all that money on you for college we could really fix the place up."

I was smart enough to find a financial advisor, and a large part of the money was being invested so I wouldn't have to work anymore. That was fine but what do you do with no more worries? A career didn't seem important anymore and school was a drag anyway.

One thing I knew for sure was I had to get the hell out of my small town in Minnesota! People on the street even recognized me and asked me for money for this or that charity, or flat out for themselves.

When spring break time arrived I'd finally had enough. I quit school, went downtown and bought a mini motorhome. I'd always wanted to travel around and see the country, and now was a great time to do it. I gave mom and dad 250 thousand dollars and told them to do whatever they wanted with it.

The next morning I loaded up my stuff and took off after a teary goodbye from mom and a handshake from dad. Mom didn't understand why I was leaving but she and dad wished me well, as long as I stayed in contact during my travels.

It was still cold up north so I wheeled my way south. I didn't really have a destination in mind but that was fine with me. I just wanted to become anonymous and get away from the money grubbers. Along the way I decided that Florida sounded nice and angled my way down across the country.

In a week I found myself just outside of Nashville at a little motor home court called, "Shady Hills." It wasn't that great but I had to park someplace so I settled in for a couple of days.

They had wireless internet and I found myself on Facebook quit a lot. I'd deleted my real account and made a fake one so people wouldn't find me. It worked pretty well and I lounged around doing those dumb little surveys they have. You know the ones like, "What were you in a previous life?" or "What type of brain do you have?"

The RV Park was full of retired people and I felt pretty much out of place. They gave me some strange looks seeing a young guy in a new motor home but I shook it off. They one thing I found out pretty fast is it gets pretty lonely being by yourself all the time.

I'd never had a steady girlfriend, just an occasional hook up at a few parties. It's not that I'm bad looking...just really plain I guess. I was six feet tall, about 170 back then, and had nothing but plain features. I was never the life of the party, a jock, or anything special.

I was just plain ole Matt Johnson...rich as hell but sitting in an RV park with a bunch of old folks puttering around the park. I was just keeping occupied playing on Facebook or surfing the web on my laptop. After a few days the boredom was unbearable and I was thinking of heading south again after one last look around.

I got my ass up and put a twelve pack of cold beer in a big back pack, and poured it full of ice. Then I grabbed my cell phone and headed around the lake to see if there was anything interesting to look at. The lake had nice thick woods around it and I followed a trail stopping to take in the scenery from time to time.

I was looking for a nice peaceful spot to sit, enjoy the day, and get drunk as hell. I really hadn't expected to find anyone else out there except maybe some old folks looking at nature.

When I went around a thickly wooded bend I saw a girl sitting by herself on a big flat rock sticking part way out over the lake. She looked pretty young...maybe sixteen or seventeen. The girl was wearing a red bikini top with white shorts. As I got closer I noticed she had nice long legs that were very tan contrasting to her blonde hair hanging straight down her back.

I don't think she heard me approaching; she was leaning back on her arms soaking up the sun.

"Hi!" I said when I got a few feet from her.

She jumped and spun around, "OH MY GOD!" She said, putting her hand on her chest like she was having a heart attack, "You scarred the shit out of me!"

"Sorry," I told her, "I didn't mean to scare you...my names Matt what's yours?"

"Tammy."

I got closer and said, "You mind if I share this rock with you?"

She gave me the eye but then a smile crossed her lips, "I guess so...you aren't some kind of weirdo are you?"

"Not that last time I checked," I told her, "I just got bored sitting in the RV Park and decided to go for a walk."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," Tammy replied scooting as far away from me as she could on the huge slab of rock.

The lake was as still as glass and the woods were quiet except for some birds chirping up in the trees, "It's getting pretty warm out here." I said to her and took off my back pack, "Mind if I sit here for a couple of minutes and rest?"

"That's fine, what's in the back pack?" She asked pointing at the overstuffed green bag.

I opened the flap and dug into the bag and pulled out an ice cold beer, "Just my refreshments."

I popped the top on the beer as she watched me take a big drink.

"Can you spare one of those?" She asked timidly, with a little smile across her lips.

I looked over at her, "You don't look twenty one." I replied, "I could get in trouble giving you beer."

Tammy gave me a pouty face, "I'm eighteen...I won't tell anybody. Mom and Dad went fishing all day." She said pointing out across the lake.

"Mmm okay, but if you get caught you found it along the trail." I said and dug another beer out of my pack and she scooted over next to me and took the can.

"Thanks!" She told me and opened the can and took a sip, "That's good!"

"Nothing like a cold beer on a hot day." I said, "You in high school?"

"I graduated a month ago...I start college next fall."

"Oh cool, I started on my Master's degree but decided to take a vacation this summer."

"You from around here?"

"Nope, Minnesota." I replied to her, "How about you?"

"Nashville."

Tammy had a slight southern accent and had relaxed finally as we just talked and drank some beer looking at the lake.

I was checking her out as she gazed off in the distance. She was sitting Indian style with her nice tan legs folded up under her. I suppose she didn't weigh much over a hundred pounds if that. The girl had long straight blonde hair half way down her nice smooth back, and deep blue eyes.

"It's kind of boring around here." I told her.

"Yeah, mom and dad make me come out here every spring."

"You don't seem too happy about it."

"Well, I miss my friends and there isn't much to do around here." She told me and got up and picked up a rock from the ground and threw it out in the lake, "I could be hanging with my boyfriend but NO...I have to come out here for a week!"

I watched her pick up another rock and got a closer look at her body from the back. The back of her tan legs turned into a nice little round ass. I could see the back of her bikini bottoms through the white nylon shorts. It matched her top that was red and tied behind her neck and back.

I finished the beer and dug another one out as she threw some more rocks and worked out her anger.

"You need another beer?" I asked.

Tammy turned around and walked up to me in her flip flops, "Sure."

I liked the way she looked; she really had a nice body and face. Her boobs weren't gigantic but looked nice and firm and I found myself wondering what kind of nipples she had, when I gave her another beer.

"Are you married?" She asked me when she sat down next again and started drinking her beer.

"Nope."

"Got a girlfriend?"

"I had one but she dumped me for some jock."

Tammy looked over at me, "Sorry...I don't see why girls like jocks so much? I always thought they were full of themselves."

"Yeah well, I felt like getting away from town and drowning my sorrows." I replied and took a big drink of beer.

Tammy laughed, "I've felt that way before."

"So how long have you been here?" I asked.

"A week we go home tomorrow than God!"

We sat and drank and got acquainted for an hour and finished off a six-pack of beer. Tammy had loosened up quite a bit and was laughing and telling me all about everything. I was getting horny and wanted to make a move on her but I was pretty sure she would turn me down.

I checked my phone and was thankful nobody had figured out my new number yet. I didn't know how long it would take before one of my relatives tracked me down to ask for money. But so far so good as far as I was concerned, being anonymous had its advantages.

We started our fourth beer and I had an idea.

"Hey would you help me get even with my ex?" I asked her.

"Depends on how."

"Let me take a couple of photos of you and I'll send them to her when I get back home."

"What for?"

"I'll tell her you're my new girlfriend; you're twice as hot as she ever was!" I laughed.

Tammy laughed, "Your evil!"

"How about it?" I asked holding up my phone, just a couple of pics to send to her.

"You really think I'm hot?"

"I wouldn't say it if I didn't think that!"

She smiled really big at me, and I could tell she liked the attention. Most girls liked being told they were hot and Tammy wasn't any different.

"I don't know...I wouldn't want my boyfriend to find out."

"How's he going to find out?" I argued, "I'm in Minnesota...you won't ever see me again."

Tammy looked like she was thinking about it, "Yeah...you're right...okay!"

I got up and clicked a couple of pictures of her sitting on the big blanket she had spread out on the rock. Tammy seemed to like the attention and was giving me sexy looks on her face.

"Can you take those shorts off and just have the bikini on?" I asked.

She hesitated for a minute and then said, "I guess so."

Tammy stood up and pulled the nylon shorts down and stood there in just her tiny bikini. Damn she had a nice looking body, and I couldn't help but notice the nice little mound between her legs. I wondered how nice and tight her pussy would feel with my cock buried in it.

I took several more photos of her in different possess, "Damn your boyfriend is a lucky guy!" I told her and she ate it up, "You are sexy as hell!"

"You got enough yet?" She asked.

"Just a couple more...come here and do a selfie with me."

"Why?"

"So I can prove we really know each other."

She got off the rock, and walked over barefoot to me, "Do I get another beer?"

"Sure."

I put my arm around her and held the camera out and she felt great!

"Smile, say multiple orgasms!"

She laughed and put her head against my chest and I could smell her hair...the faint scent of strawberry. I took a couple of photos.

"How about that beer?" She asked me not moving away.

"One more."

"Okay." She giggled.

"Make it a good one, pull your top down and show your boobs."

"What?" She said shocked at my crazy idea, "Somebody might see!"

"You want that beer or not...just one quick one...nobody's around here."

"If my boyfriend ever finds out I'm dead!" She said.

"He won't know and it will piss off my ex...please."

"Okay but hurry up!"

Tammy got next to me again, and looked both ways and then slipped the cups of her bikini top to the sides and let her boobs stick out...grinning at the camera I was holding out.

With her head against my chest again I took a picture and said, "One more."

I put my hand under her left armpit, and cupped her nice warm left boob, "HEY!" She complained.

"Just smile like you like it." I told her and she did while I took the photo.

I let go quickly and she covered her boobs back up, "Where's my beer?"

I got it for her and we sat down again. She seemed to get over it quick enough and wasn't mad at all.

We kept talking and I could tell the beer was getting to her head. She kept laughing and giggling at the stupidest things I said. I wanted to take her suit off and bang her but wasn't too sure how I could talk her into it. I put my phone back in my pocket and felt the wad of cash in my pocket.

Ever since I'd won the money I always kept at least a thousand in cash on me. Tammy was finishing her fifth beer and I took the chance.

"You want to go for a walk in the woods with me?"

"And do what?" She laughed.

"Oh...how about we find a nice secluded spot."

She eyed me with those big blue eyes, sipping on her beer.

"And do what?"

"I haven't had any in over a month," I told her, "How about giving me a blow job?"

She almost spit her beer all over, "WHAT?...I don't think SO!"

"Why not?"

"I got a boyfriend that's why NOT!"

"He won't know."

Tammy started laughing and I was glad she wasn't mad, "I can't believe you asked me that!"

"I can't help it," I told her, "You are so sexy that I want you really bad!"

Girls like being told how sexy they are even if they won't admit it. She pretended to be mad but she kept smiling anyway.

"You're just horny...you'll get over it." She said, and laughed again.

"Come on...I gave you my beer...just a little blow job...it won't take long trust me."

Tammy grinned at me and finished her beer. She held up the empty and shook it, "It takes more than beer to get me to do that. What's in it for me?"

I pulled the back pack over and dug out another beer and passed it to her. She grabbed it and popped it open and took a drink with this evil little grin on her face. She knew I wanted her and she was teasing me like a pro. I thought she was thinking it over and maybe I could push the right button with some money.

"How about if I give you five hundred dollars?" I asked.

Her eyes got big, "You have five hundred dollars!" 

I reached in the front pocket of my shorts and pulled out my cash. I counted off five one hundred dollar bills and handed them to her, "Here five hundred for a couple of minutes of you time."

She looked at the cash in her hand, "What did you do rob a bank or something?" She laughed.

"I have lots of money...just no girlfriend at the moment."

She was clutching the cash in her hand and looked up and glanced around the lake to see if anyone was around.

She tried to hand the money back, "I can't...I got a boyfriend and I'm not a cheat."

"Does he give you five hundred dollars every time you give him some head?" I asked her.

Tammy laughed, "NO!"

"You really turn me on Tammy, nobody is around for miles. A quick little blow job and you can use that cash for whatever you want."

She looked at the bills in her hand and stopped trying to give them back. "Come on whose going to find out? I'll be gone and you'll never see me again."

I could tell she was thinking about it as she kept glancing around the lake.

"I'm not going to do it here." She said, talking quietly to herself.

"Keep the money and let's go in the woods. It won't take long and we can both leave happy."

Tammy stuffed the bills and the blanket in her big tote bag and put on her flip-flops, "Just a blow job right?" She asked standing up, "I'm not doing anything else you might be thinking of."

"Okay, it's a deal." I told her and she walked with me down the wooded path drinking the last of her beer on the way. I found a secluded spot with large boulders and we walked behind them. The area was perfect with lots of flat rocks behind all the boulders.

Tammy put the blanket on a big rock about knee high off the ground. Then she sat down on it and I walked over and stood between her legs undoing my shorts and dropping them down around my ankles. She sat there with her face at crotch level waiting for me to pull down my boxers.

She kept looking around, "I can't believe you talked me into this!"

Tammy's eyes got huge when she saw my cock that already was growing out from my body. I might be average in looks but I had one thing that wasn't average about me...my cock.

It was a shame that I didn't get to use it as much as I wanted because most girls went for the model or jock type guys.

Tammy didn't say anything but I could tell by the look on her face she was impressed. 

She reached out and put her hand around my shaft as it kept growing longer and fatter, "I can't believe I'm going to do this." She told me looking at the big knob on the end of my dick.

"Let me see your boobs." I told her as she started licking the end of my cock with her tiny pink tongue, "I'll get off faster if you do."

Tammy let go of me and untied the string behind her neck and then the one behind her back. She tossed her top aside and grabbed my cock again and started to lick it again.

"Put him in your mouth." I told her, and she looked up at me and opened up and took my knob in her nice warm wet mouth.

"Mmmmmm that's it suck it baby." I moaned, watching the nipples on her nice perky tits get hard and pointed.

She was pretty good at it, and it felt wonderful! She pulled off to get some air and rest her mouth, "God you're big!" she told me as she jacked my shaft looking at it.

"Think how good it would feel in your pussy." I told her.

Tammy just looked up at me, "I said just a blow job, that's all!"

"At least lick my balls."

Tammy leaned forward and kissed my sack and few times then licked it all around while jacking me "Put it back in your mouth."

She did and this time she sucked it with a lot more enthusiasm. It seemed like she was finally getting turned on by what she was doing to me. Her boobs jiggled as she bobbed on my knob, her nipples had grown big and hard and I wondered if her pussy was getting wet.

When I was about ready to blow I put both hands on her head and started to hump her mouth and moan. She kept sucking and jacking me faster wanting to finish me off. I was thinking five minutes that's a hundred dollars a minute but I couldn't hold it any longer and let out a groan as cum shot out of the end of my cock.

Her head jerked with the first blasts and she tried to pull back. I held her head and shot four more huge squirts into the back of her throat. She swallowed it almost gagging but kept me in her mouth jacking my shaft slowly until it was dry.

I pulled out of her mouth and she wiped her chin with the back of her hand, "Wow what a load!" She laughed, "Can I have a beer to wash it down with?"

I stepped out of my shorts and boxers and grabbed one from my back pack. She opened it and drank several huge gulps of beer.

My cock was only semi-hard and I saw her looking at it as I pulled my T-shirt over my head and tossed it down.

"What are you doing?" She asked sitting there with the beer in her hand.

I didn't say anything, and grabbed my shorts and dug in the front pocket for the last five hundred dollars. I pulled it out and handed it to her. 

She looked surprised but took it, "What's this for?"

"I want to eat your pussy...then we can fuck." 

I grabbed my cock and started to slowly jack it up and down and it started to respond and grow again. She looked at me for a few seconds and then sat her beer down and put the cash in her bag.

I went over to her as she pulled those shorts down and stepped out of them. I reached down and untied the side strings of her bikini bottoms and it fell down between her feet. She stepped out of them and sat down on the blanket and lay back spreading her legs wide apart.

"I can't believe you talked me into this!" She told me as I gazed at her pussy between those nice wide open legs.
