 Mondays officially sucked.

Melissa should've known today was going to be disastrous from the moment her stupid alarm clock went off, yanking her out of quite possibly the most erotic sex dream she'd ever had. She wanted to smash the damned thing into a million pieces for beeping just as Brandon Carter's fingers thrust deep inside her throbbing core.

She cursed loudly and launched the piece of shit across the room when she realized she was alone in her bed and not lying naked on the beach with that insanely gorgeous man.

This was getting ridiculous. The more often the pair worked together, the more Brandon starred in her dreams...

Buck.

Fucking.

Naked.

She couldn't get his unruly blond hair or his sparkling blue eyes out of her mind. Was it possible to spontaneously combust for wanting someone so much? 

Gah! What she wouldn't give to have him warming her bed and body each and every night. But they were co-workers, and the entertainment magazine they worked for was very clear about how that sort of thing was frowned upon and blah, blah, blah. Prudish idiots.

As Melissa showered, she slid her fingers all over and inside her overheated body, imagining they were his, stroking her clit, pumping her moist flesh, bringing her to heights of pleasure she'd never known. 

But just as the fevered heat swelling inside began to reach its boiling point, there was a loud knock on the bathroom door and a warning from her roommate and fellow co-worker, Sarah, that they needed to leave in fifteen minutes or they would be late for work.

Friggin' crap!

Needless to say, she toweled herself off sorely disappointed and more frustrated than ever.

By the time they got to the office, she was so flustered that she slipped and fell on her ass in the parking lot, causing the slit in her pencil skirt to rip at least a good two inches higher. 

Dammit! 

"Nice one, Melissa," Sarah said with a laugh as she slid out of her Prius. "You get a seven for technique, but the landing's definitely a perfect ten."

Melissa scowled and stuck out her tongue like the mature 32-year-old that she was. Sarah just rolled her eyes and sauntered her skinny little ass inside the building, leaving her roommate sprawled out on the pavement.

Thankfully, Brandon's car wasn't in the parking lot, which meant that he hadn't arrived yet and didn't see Melissa make a complete moron out of herself. Unfortunately, however, someone else was there to witness her fall.

"Morning, Melissa," Robert Thompson crooned as he jogged over and helped her up, running a hand through his freakishly spiky hair. Nothing at all like Brandon's beautiful blond mess.

"Hey," she mumbled weakly back, not really in the mood for Robert this early in the morning. She knew who she wanted, who she needed.

Where the hell is Brandon? He's usually here by now.

Robert slid a clammy finger beneath her chin and tilted her head of auburn curls up, forcing her to look, not into the liquid sapphire eyes she wanted most to see, but into his boring brown ones. 

When she first started working at News Reel Magazine six months before, she'd thought he was cute. Of course, that was before she'd laid her eyes on Brandon. Brandon Carter was perfection. Robert Thompson was, well, not.

"Everything okay?" he asked, his nasally voice laced with concern.

She released a heavy sigh and shrugged her shoulders. "Yeah. I just..." really want Brandon inside me right now. "I'm tired."

"You sure? Sure I can't help you with... anything?"

She heard his question with her ears, but she felt it between her thighs. Was she just overly horny, or was Robert actually suggesting...

Before she had time to form a coherent response, she caught a glimpse of tanned flesh and crazy blond hair out of the corner of her eye.

Brandon.

Sigh.

She smiled involuntarily like the lovesick puppy that she was, ignored Robert's creepy leer, and headed off toward the building's entrance and... Brandon. 

He greeted her with that panty-creaming grin of his that never failed to make her all sorts of wobbly in the knees, and held the door open, allowing her to brush up against his chiseled form as she made her way inside. 

Mmm. Thank you very much.

During the usual morning staff meeting, Melissa ignored the incessant droning of their boss, Mr. Leonard, and shamelessly stared at Brandon's god-like form as he sat beside her. She sucked her bottom lip in between her teeth as she pictured the deliciously defined muscles hidden beneath his crisp navy shirt and the happy trail that led to the gloriousness encased below in his slacks. 

He caught her ogling his crotch several times, but other than furrowing his brow and clenching his jaw, said nothing.

Always a perfect gentleman.

God, how she wanted him.

If she didn't have him between her thighs soon, she was going to die. But, as the meeting ended and the morning dragged on, no matter how many times she licked her lips seductively or shook her ass in his direction or accidentally-on-purpose brushed her tits up against his arm, he wouldn't give in.

He was driving her insane.

By the time lunch rolled around, she couldn't take it anymore. Her panties were soaked completely through, and her body was literally trembling from being in a constant state of arousal. And nothing, not even a dose or two of Benadryl was enough to calm her overly-excited body down.

I need release, and I need it now!

With a speed she hadn't realized she was capable of, Melissa sprinted out of her tiny cubicle and searched the office frantically. Her heart thundered beneath her silk blouse as her eyes locked with his across the room, past the other employees who were milling about and unaware of the fever burning within her. 

The bastard smirked, as if he knew exactly what she was thinking. Of course, it didn't take a mind reader to figure out what her body was practically begging for.

He cocked an amused eyebrow, questioning silently. 

She nodded in response, breathing so heavily that she worried she'd pass out before he even so much as touched her.

They darted as inconspicuously as possible toward the far end of the building and into Mrs. Reynolds' office, which was, thankfully, currently empty since she was on maternity leave. As soon as the door was securely locked, he turned and flashed a predatory grin, stalking toward her like a starving lion ready to devour its prey.

"It's been too long," he murmured as his hungry eyes slowly raked up and down her throbbing body. Her breathing rapidly increased, and all she could do was swallow loudly and nod in agreement.

With his mouth twisted into a wicked grin, he slid his hands around her waist, then glided them down to squeeze her ass, lifting her up onto the desk and pushing the various items on top aside and out of the way.

He lowered his head to her neck and nuzzled her throat with his nose, inhaling deeply, then trailed his lips across her feverish skin. "I've been imagining this all day, baby. I can't wait to bury myself inside you," he whispered, nibbling on her earlobe.

Melissa shivered with delight at his husky tone and grabbed his hair, pulling his head forcefully to hers. Their lips crashed together, sending a pleasurable wave of sensation that rippled all the way from the top of her head to the soles of her feet before climbing back up and settling itself between her legs.

He groaned loudly, parting his lips, and she took the opportunity to plunge her tongue inside his mouth, swirling and sliding it against his own. 

Good Lord, he tasted divine; but as delicious as his tongue was, she was craving something much bigger to snack on.

Pulling his shirt out from the waistband of his pants, she slid her hands up his chest, then shoved him backward, just enough to allow her to slide off the desk and sink to her knees, looking up at him with a ravenous gleam in her eyes.

Shaking with anticipation, she lowered his zipper, then yanked down his slacks and boxers, licking her lips as she freed every single glorious inch of his straining erection from the confines of its tight, torturous prison.

Her pink tongue darted out almost immediately, swiping away the bead of pre-cum that had gathered at the tip. She moaned in pleasure, or maybe it was him, then she flashed him a mischievous grin before taking him completely into her hot little mouth. 

"Fuck, baby," he grunted, his hands fisting in her auburn curls as hers wrapped around the backs of his thighs. 

She sucked him in as far as he could go, then used her hand to massage and stroke what wouldn't fit inside. He let out another groan and began guiding her mouth back and forth over his swollen length, his breathing growing increasingly ragged and shallow.

After several more delectable moments of her yummy feast, he stopped her and pulled her to her feet. "I want to come inside that sweet pussy of yours."

His hands were suddenly everywhere at once–groping her breasts, caressing her thighs, sliding along the curves of her hips beneath her skirt.

It wasn't enough. Not nearly enough. She needed more.

More... Please...

He must have sensed the same urgency because she soon felt her lacy panties being violently ripped off her body as his hand slithered toward the spot where she ached the most.

She gasped in surprise when, without warning, his fingers thrust deep inside of her slick heat.

Oh, God! Yes!

This was exactly where her earlier dream had been so cruelly cut off, though the details were definitely much different then than they were now. Melissa moaned at the overpowering sensations that were swirling all over and inside her body.

"I need you, baby," she panted as he nipped and licked his way along her throat.

His lips curled into a devilish smirk as he withdrew his glistening fingers from her center and gripped her hips roughly in his hands, pulling her pelvis flush with his, grinding his rock-hard cock against her and letting her feel that he needed release just as badly as she did.

She barely had the chance to blink before he tore his shirt, pants and boxers the rest of the way off.

Excited much?

A kittenish mewl escaped her as her hazel eyes took in his twitching erection, and she followed suit in a rush, discarding her clothes in a haphazard pile onto the floor below.

"Fuck, I want to pound into you so badly," he growled as he grabbed hold of her heated body and set her bare ass on top of the desk once again.

She scooted herself to the very edge, knocking all sorts of things off the polished mahogany. The telephone, a cup full of pens, and an assortment of files were all lost in her haste to get as close to him as she possibly could. 

"Please," she whimpered, practically pleading with him. "Please, I need you inside me. Now."

A shock of unbelievable pleasure shot through her as he thrust himself into her core in one quick, powerful stroke.

They both cried out from the sensation of him filling her to the hilt, and she was pretty sure she saw his eyes roll into the back of his head.

"Oh, my God," he whispered breathlessly as he held painfully still for a moment before lowering his head to her shoulder, mumbling incoherently.

She heard words fall from his lips like "tight" and "damn" and "hot", but all she could focus on was the overwhelming feeling of him finally sheathed completely inside of her.

He eventually began moving his hips against hers, slowly at first, but then gradually building into a steady rhythm of pumping his thick length in and out, over and over and over again.

She slid her legs up his bare thighs, locked her ankles tightly around his waist and raked her fingernails across his back, eliciting a hiss of pleasure from him.

His lips attacked her ample chest hungrily, latching onto one of her breasts and sucking it roughly inside of his mouth. Melissa wondered briefly if he was going to sink his teeth into her sensitive flesh, and the very thought of that only turned her on even more.

He kneaded her other breast with his hand, rolling and pinching the hardened peak between his fingers, while his free hand grabbed onto her ass, rocking her pelvis harder and faster against his as their pace quickened into a near frenzy.

Her eyes squeezed shut, and she threw her head back as he continued to slam into her, the sound of her moans, his groans, and their mutual pants filling the air. 

Part of Melissa was aware of the fact that they really needed to keep their voices hushed, but the other, more desperate part rationalized that they were too far away for anyone else to hear. No one had ever caught them before. Plus, it felt too damned good to stop.

Even though her eyes were closed, she could see nothing but soft blond hair, smoldering sapphire eyes and that sexy as hell crooked grin.

That image alone sent her exploding over the edge as she felt the most intense, most powerful orgasm of her entire life rocket through her body.

"Brandon," she moaned, digging her nails harshly into his back and biting down on her lip to keep herself from screaming out loud.

He thrust his hips wildly against hers, his climax ripping through him within seconds. "Oh, fuck, Sarah."

At that moment... maybe it was because they were both coming down from the high of their respective orgasms...

Or maybe it was because they finally opened their eyes and looked at each other's flushed and sweaty faces...

Or maybe it was because they realized what the other person had said in their moment of ecstasy...

Regardless, at that moment, they both stared at each other in complete and utter shock.

"Uh... I..." he stammered, breathing heavily as he slid out of her body and backed away, completely embarrassed.

Melissa couldn't think of anything to say, so she just grabbed her clothes with trembling hands and tried not to think about how mortified she felt, or the fact that her favorite panties were now in pieces.

They both dressed as quickly and as silently as possible, neither one of them so much as uttering a word, looking anywhere and everywhere but at each other.

Hurriedly, they cleaned up the office and reached the door in uncomfortable silence, swinging it open and then freezing in their steps as they came face to face with their worst possible nightmare.

At least half the building stood there, unmoving, gaping at their disheveled forms in horror, as if they had some sort of hideous disease. Among the shell shocked in attendance was Brandon Carter, his silent open-mouthed stare letting Melissa know that he knew exactly what she'd been doing.

Oh, how I wish it was him I'd been doing.

Sarah, annoying as always, finally broke the awkward silence, turning her incredulous gaze to the man beside Melissa as he raked a nervous hand through his seriously messed up sex hair. "Um, Robert? While I'll admit it's a little flattering, that's just... ew. No, thank you."

Robert exhaled a gust of air through his nose, and his cheeks actually reddened as he stared uncomfortably at the carpet. 

"Oh, and by the way, Melissa?" Sarah continued, her voice laced with amusement. "The next time you want to dance with Robert's disco stick while imagining it's Brandon's, you might want to make sure you don't hit the office intercom button on the phone." 

With that, the entire group of morons broke out in a fit of unrestrained giggles.

Instead of responding, Melissa left Robert to deal with the snickering bastards and made a beeline for the bathroom to throw up the contents of her churning stomach.

Yes, it was definitely official. Mondays sucked ass.