 After exploding into Monica's throat, I gasped for air.

She looked at me, ran her tongue all around her mouth, and along her teeth, and she swallowed again.

Opening her mouth wide, showing me all my cum was in her tummy. 

She kept smiling, almost giddy as she popped the champagne and filled the two flutes.

Handing me one, she said, To a Great New Job!

I just nodded, I was still out of breath, smiling and still reeling from The. Best. Blowjob. Ever. 

Our flutes touched and drank deeply.

Monica, taking charge of the situation, pointed us to the two headed shower where we soaped each other up and rinsed off.

She got me hard again, quickly.

I'm not a young man anymore and I've taken some samples of the blue pills but I haven't needed a boost to this point in my life to get big and hard.

That would change in the next few weeks as Viagra and I would become much better friends. 

But this creature, Monica, got me hard by just by looking at her.

I got rock hard when she started soaping me up and rubbing me all over with those tits.

And being that she got me hard, her job was to make me cum and get me soft.

Monica wanted me to fuck her, and told me so. 

A man with an erection usually tries to make a deposit in a willing place. 

But I told Monica she had to wait.

I told her I was going to stick it in her.

Soon.

In. All. Three. Holes.

Three holes she asked, eyes wide and a little nervous.

Yes, I said, all three holes, regularly. 

She hesitated, then smiled and kissed me, telling me, I want to please you. 

My three holes are only for you. 

I smiled and responded this morning I am going to eat your pussy until you scream. 

What I didn't say was that I didn't want my cum dripping out of her pussy just yet. 

I had other plans for her pussy and cum dripping out would complicate things. 

I dried her off and asked her to please go lay on the bed.

She sashayed her tanned ass over to the big bed, pulled back the covers, laid down on her back and spread her legs just a bit. 

Climbing up, I spread her legs further by pushing her knees apart and started kissing her tanned thighs, letting her anticipation build.

Rubbing my hands up and down her thighs, the back of my hands brushing regularly against her trimmed Mohawk. 

Monica started pulling on her nipples which was a good sign for me. 

She looked eager, ready to cum. 

After just a few minutes of my sexual tension raising massage she was begging me to lick her pussy, to please lick her pussy because it was hungry for my tongue.

.

All these years I thought, I had no idea she was such a sexy creature. 

Instead of giving in, I focused my hands and fingers around her now wet and steaming pussy.

Those massage classes really paid off as I teased her. 

Finally, as I pushed her thighs fully open and my head moved south, she said please I can't wait any longer, Mr. Jack. 

When my tongue touched her pussy she was in heaven. 

She groaned. Loudly.

Her hips left the bed. 

She moaned that it been so long since she had her pussy licked, and she always loved being eaten. 

In about 30 seconds I had her squirming on the bed, humping my face as my tongue zeroed in on her clit. 

Her pussy was tight as a monkey fist. 

As I licked, hearing her moan and groan, I started working my fingers into her. 

It took some doing, the wetter she got the more she opened up to my probing fingers then I started searching for her g spot with the fingers on my right hand. I found the soft pad and massaged. 

My left hand sought out her rosebud. 

She actually reached under and pulled her cheeks apart to facilitate my search, still humping away.

When I found my prize I started to gently push and rub all around it, massaging it and she lifted her hips in response, groaning. 

By her response fucking her ass would be a very welcomed activity. 

Her hands came back up to my head running through my hair as she starting speaking in Spanish between her gasps. She was getting close, very close. 

It didn't take but a few more seconds before she came on my face, bucking her pussy into my hard tongue that was glued to her stiff clit.

As she collapsed back onto the bed, she pushed my head away from her groin, telling me it was too sensitive, too sensitive.

I left her lying on the bed, legs spread, the evidence of her pleasure displayed by the wetness of her thighs and on the sheet below her pussy.

Her Mohawk was matted down, wet and dripping. 

She was rubbing her big breasts, her eyes closed in bliss. 

Monica's orgasm was more like a waterfall than a geyser or a gusher. 

As I washed my face, the doorbell rang.

I looked at the clock and said out loud, she's right on time.

Monica, a panicked look on her face, asked who are you expecting?

I told her the swimsuit sales rep was here so that she could try on the suits I had in mind.

With that news, Monica jumped off the bed and ran to the bathroom to wash and dry her freshly eaten pussy.

I called out to her to put her Malibu Strings suit back on and then come out to the living room. 

I threw on some weekend clothes (tee shirt, Bermuda shorts and a pair of boat shoes) and answered the door.

During my massage training I had met several ladies with other talents that I wanted to employ, and Susan was the one standing at my door with a small rolling suitcase.

In addition to doing massage therapy, Susan was a part time bathing suit model and also represented a couple of swimsuit lines.

She was a licensed esthetician too, which means she could pluck eyebrows and pussy hairs too. 

I also knew she was a lesbian.

I have never cared about a person's sexual orientation and I mention this in the story only because it leads to other things in this, and other stories, that I will share. 

Susan came in and gave me a smile and a quick hug.

She was about 5'9" and had a slender frame, solid posture. Nice rack. Nice tan. Strawberry blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. A classic swimsuit model. 

One look at her blue eyes and she had you hooked. Stunning. 

While we were waiting for Monica I showed off the house and yard a bit to Susan, giving her a quick tour. 

Monica waited for us in the living room, where I introduced the two ladies to each other.

Susan looked over Monica from top to bottom, and from her smile I knew she approved of the near naked Monica. 

I told Susan that I wanted to have Monica try on suits because she would need them if she was doing anything in the yard.

Susan looked at me and asked is this a little fashion show for you?

I replied yes, sort of, I want to find Monica some suits she will feel comfortable in and will like wearing. 

And I added, I want her to wear suits that I will like seeing her in too.

Susan rolled her eyes, knowing that even though I was a nice guy I was also being a total letch.

With that, Susan grabbed Monica's hand and the suitcase and they went down the hall where Monica would change.

I thought that Monica was already used to being naked around me so the next step was having her get comfortable being naked around other women. 

Having been married and faithful, and not getting any younger, I'd made up my mind as part of my recovery from my wife's passing to do some serious fucking until the day when my dick fell off or my heart stopped (hopefully during some serious fucking). 

Why shouldn't I enjoy the variety of pussies, asses and mouths that were available to me?

Why shouldn't I have my fantasies fulfilled with threesomes, and watching women pleasure each other? 

None of this was illegal. 

I had the time, the money and the opportunity. 

A little Hedonism in my own house and backyard, with some trips thrown in for pleasant diversions. 

What a life. 

So, I wanted Susan and Monica to be in close quarters, Monica being nude or damn close to it, and Susan putting her hands on Monica to adjust these tiny suits, and brushing her hair, just getting okay with another woman touching her. 

Susan was no dummy, I am sure she looked at Monica as a potential piece of ass too, but Susan was smart enough to know I had first dibs.

I didn't see Monica as a carpet licker, but I was thinking I could probably find some girls that would enjoy eating her. 

But who knows, maybe Monica would like to have some squirming pussy to lick. 

I think it might give her a rush to have someone beholden to her. 

Given enough alcohol and the right opportunity, anything could happen. 

But I was getting way ahead of myself, I hadn't even fucked Monica yet!

So, I sat back to watch a parade of Dubio, Wicked Weasels and Malibu Strings on Monica's hot body.

Susan had gotten my text message the previous night about less being more, and I knew that each suit she was planning to parade Monica in was showing me less cloth and more skin than the one before. 

I wasn't thinking too much about the neighbors at this point. 

My little head was doing all the thinking. 

Money wasn't an object for me, and my plan was to help Susan out and buy all the suits that looked good and fit so that Monica would never have an excuse for not wearing something very revealing when she was outdoors. 

But after I saw the first suit on Monica, Susan came out of the bedroom with a nude Monica in tow. 

She asked are you seeing what I'm seeing?

My first thought was that Susan was pointing out the obvious, Monica was a knock out. 

But that interesting observation disappeared in a nano second when Susan finished her thought by saying that Monica needs to be completely shaved when she is wearing these suits; in fact, she should be waxed because her pussy hair was so thick and dark. 

I looked at Monica and she just looked at me; and I'm thinking this awkward silence means Monica wants me to make the decision to further trim, shave or wax her pussy.

Susan repeated that if you want her to wear these suits, Monica needs to be bare down there. 

And she pointed towards Monica's Mohawk. 

I asked Susan if she could do the job and how soon.

She replied if you come down to my salon I can do it when we finish here. 

I said that would be fine, and Monica nodded in agreement. 

For the next hour I watched. 

The two of them spent more time getting ready than they spent in front of me. 

Which was fine by me. 

I could tell that Susan had her hands all over Monica in the bedroom, and Monica was loving it. 

They polished off the bottle of champagne and were giggling and laughing as the next to nothing suits were put on, shared with me and quickly discarded for the next one. 

I heard some soft familiar moans coming out of Monica, and I guessed correctly that her pussy had started to flow with all the touching and rubbing that was going on.

After the final suit was shown, we headed down the street to a small strip mall and parked right in front of a hair salon where Susan rented space for massages, waxing and skin care.

Monica had thrown on a tee shirt and shorts over the last suit she had on, and slipped into some flip flops.

On the drive over she was telling me that she had never been waxed before but she had heard it could be painful.

Susan told her to take some pain relievers in advance and she had.

I told her not to worry, that I would be there with her.

I asked her about the noise from the bedroom and she said that Susan had been drying her wet pussy between the swimsuits and that it felt so good she couldn't help but moan a bit. 

We both laughed at that, I said I was glad she enjoyed the modeling part of the job and that I had more sessions planned. 

She looked at me and said really?

I just nodded, keeping my plans to myself at the moment. 

In the room, I insisted that Monica be nude during the waxing process.

No towels. 

No sheets.

Nowhere to hide that naked body. 

As Monica stripped and climbed up on the massage table, face up, Susan turned on some music, which I knew was to hide any sounds that might come out of the massage room. 

She lit a couple of candles and lowered the light a bit, taking out the glare. 

I said to Susan, while you are waxing her pussy, why don't you see what other hair needs to be removed?

I moved the head of the table, and Susan started searching Monica's body for stray hairs. 

A few errant ones emanated from her nipples, which were pulled with a tweezers. 

I reached down and pulled Monica's arms up over her head, which thrust her chest up and left her helpless to Susan's efforts. 

I told Monica to wrap her hands around my legs 

Susan was professional, but she also had her hands all over Monica, feeling for hairs that couldn't be seen.

I wondered if this was just an excuse for Susan to fondle Monica. 

She took her time, doing a lot of touching but I didn't care, it was a pleasure to watch. 

Monica laid there with her eyes closed.

Even when a hair was pulled with the tweezers, Monica didn't flinch. 

Susan found a few hairs below Monica's belly button but above her pussy. 

I observed that Susan was enjoying having a nude, helpless beautiful woman under her control.

When she got down to her waist, Susan gently pushed Monica's thighs apart to discover a glistening vagina. 

No words were spoken but I looked down at Monica, eyes still closed but she was blushing, very embarrassed at being turned on by the ministrations of a woman and by being caught with a wet pussy with nowhere to hide. 

Susan didn't look at Monica's face at all, but I swear a brief smile passed her lips. 

I figured that the next step was a trimming, and it was.

Susan had some petite scissors, maybe mustache scissors, and she started to trim the Mohawk.

I noticed she used a very soft cloth to brush the hair away that she cut, and that Monica lifted her hips when Susan had the cloth near her clit.

Monica's aroma of sex started to fill the room. 

Susan took her time, trimming and brushing and Monica was getting really aroused. 

Taking out some cream and a shaving brush, Susan spread the white cream directly on the remaining pubic hair. 

She teased Monica and every time that brush went over her clit, Monica pumped her hips up, trying to prolong the pleasure. 

Monica could not have spread her legs any wider. 

That brush spent a lot of time running up and down Monica's slit. 

I could see Monica biting her lips, struggling to contain herself. 

Then Susan set down the brush and told Monica to lie very still.

Then, using that same soft clit pussy teasing cloth, she wiped down her pubic area, almost with the intent to get Monica off. 

But not quite allowing Monica to get there, but the Monica's river was now starting to flow.

I looked at Susan with a what was that with the shaving cream and the brush.

Susan gave me a look of because I can. 

With some oil in her palm, she rubbed her hands together and slowly began to massage the liquic into Monica's pubic hair.

Every inch was covered by Susan's expert fingers, and no place was off limits from her deliberate and probing fingers.

Her hand roamed from Monica's sensitive inner thighs to her belly over her pussy to her asshole back to her stiffening clit. 

I reached down and slowly started to massage Monica's erect nipples and full breasts. 

Pulling on her nipples, twisting them a bit, pulling them out from her breasts. 

Monica's eyes remained closed, now her mouth was starting to expel little oohs and ahs. 

The teasing was over, Susan was relentless in her quest to bring Monica to orgasm. 

Her left thumb circled Monica's engorged clit while her right hand roamed around her wet pussy on the way to the g spot. 

Music aside, the only sounds in the room came from Monica, who was helpless to resist the pleasure she was receiving.

In no time, after some pleading and begging to please let her cum, Monica bucked unto Susan's expert hands with a loud cry of pleasure. 

Monica humped repeatedly and shuddered a few times and collapsed. 

I gently massaged Monica's head as she came down from her high.

Susan had a little smirk on her face, which Monica failed to notice as she had kept her eyes closed during the big rub.

Based on her performance, I knew that Susan wore the pants in her relationships with other women. 

Susan began rubbing Monica's breasts with the gel but Monica grabbed her hands and said please stop.

Too sensitive right now. 

I exchanged glances with Susan who nodded and moved her probing hands away.

With that settled, Susan started waxing of Monica's pussy. 

At first Susan wasn't particularly gentle, she felt rebuffed by Monica but after a minute she got a grip on her emotions and more tenderly began to spread the wax and pulled more gently.

When she was finished with the front she asked Monica to please turn over. 

Monica rolled over and Susan started searching for more errant hairs on Monica's back, butt and legs. 

After she finished her search, Susan gently pulled Monica's legs apart and asked me to please separate and hold Monica's ass cheeks so she could work there. 

Later, Monica told me she felt humiliated at this and she began to question the whole deal she had made with me.

Sensing her emotion, I told her it was almost over.

I spanked her great ass and squeezed her cheeks a couple of times in support and Monica laughed for the first time since climbing up on the table. 

After spreading the wax and stripping off the hair around the starfish, Susan quietly asked me if I wanted Monica's asshole bleached.

I nodded, Susan did her magic and in a few I was looking at a new and improved visual of the third destination my cock would have in Monica.

Back into clothes again, we hit a nearby deli and headed home, leaving Susan to work on her next client, or victim. 

We got home, we both got naked again and while we ate lunch, I told Monica she was going to go to school for an hour.

She looked surprised but I said you've had quite a day so I want you to rest and watch a little TV.

We put a clean sheet on the sofa and I hit play on the DVD player.

I gave her the remote, kissed her and said enjoy. 

I went upstairs to my office to do some work - that's what I told her I was doing. 

For the next hour I had Monica watching PLU (people like us) have sex in every position known to mankind.

These were video clips, many of them homemade, of normal men and women having sex. 

They did it many different ways in many different places, and the only reason I wanted Monica to see it was to make her aware of the possibilities for us.

(Later I found out which parts she watched more than once, and that gave me some ideas for our activities).

It didn't take but a few minutes for Monica to start pulling on her nipples and rubbing her now hairless pussy. 

She came three times rubbing herself. 

At one point early on she ran to the bathroom and grabbed a clean towel to lay on because she didn't want to soak the sheet and sofa.

She tried to keep quiet while she came but I could hear her upstairs through a closed door which made me wonder what the neighbors were thinking, if they were home. 

I'd always been told that women don't get turned on visually like men do, and while that might be true of many women, this was one woman that liked watching people have sex. 

I waited a few minutes after the DVD ended and then wandered downstairs.

Monica was laying on the sofa, eyes closed, resting but not asleep.

She heard me walk up and opened her eyes and smiled.

Eying my erection, she asked, is that for me?

I nodded and looked at her body and said, is that for me?

She smiled and yes, only for you.

But not today because I can't risk getting an infection, do you remember what Susan told us?
