 American attorney Montana Reynolds (27), practising law on an international law placement contract with the oldest and smallest of the three law firms at the little known town of Red Ridge situated far south-east of Sydney, was pulled awake at 2.25 am.

"Hi," she said sleepily to the caller.

"Are you alone?"

"Yes Judge Mercer."

There was a pause before he said sounding surprised, "How on earth did you know it was me?"

"I recognised your voice."

"But we've met on only the one occasion."

"Oh I apologize. How many times must be we in contact before I'm permitted to say I recognise your voice?"

"You win and you may call me Harry in social situations."

"Proceed Harry, you wouldn't be calling at this time unless it was urgent."

Harry choked.

"Harry?"

"I'm okay and you are right on the button with your comment again. You see it's my daughter. Jenni is in the slammer, I mean Red Ridge Police cells."

"Okay and you want me to bail her out to allow you to keep at arm's length."

"I knew you were loaded with brains and instinct and with the ability to play it cool."

"Nice Harry, I'm in your pocket."

"Christ Montana you can't say that; I'm a judge."

"Yes and we are talking as unlikely associates and I'm already a mini-legend around here because of my loud mouth."

"Ah yes but promise never again to mention 'pocket' when speaking about me."

"You have it. I'll dress and be on my way to the er slammer;"

"Wait there's more. She was caught DIC (drunk in charge of a vehicle)."

"Fuck."

"What was that?"

"You heard Harry."

"Oh did I? I want you to defend her in court."

Montana had a quick think and asked did he really mean that approach.

"Of course what alternative is there? All of the established lawyers around here will have their reasons for getting even with me and this would be their perfect opportunity." 

"Harry I'll get Reg to talk to the Crown Law Office in Sydney tomorrow and say you are fearful the media will have a feast out of this, braying about the daughter of a Judge driving when allegedly drunk and subtle suggestions that the authorities rigged the prosecution to ensure your daughter's case is dismissed."

"But that would be corruption."

"Yes Harry and what a great word to sneak into your discussion with the Crownies when they contact you. When the hysteria dies you suggest that the police act independently and appoint me as the prosecutor in this case to indicate police independence in this matter. Describe me as little more than a kid who knows fuck-all about Aussie law."

"Good heavens, the CLO (Crown Law Office) would never stoop that low."

"Well there's no chance of that happening unless you put your proposal before them."

"I can't believe I'm hearing this Montana."

"Well it's gone 2.30 am Harry, well beyond your usual bed-time. Sleep on it and I'll deliver your daughter to her husband and two kids."

"How did you know Jenni has two children?"

"Because I had the numbers zero to six in mind Harry and I pushed button Two as being my best bet to take the jackpot."

"Goodness Montana, you're on your way to preparing yourself to become a future Attorney General of the United States."

"Oooh Harry, but first let's deal with this blip to your orderly life."

Jenni Reese Hardcastle was released to Montana after signing of papers.

"God I'm being taken home out of custody by a fucking kid playing lawyer."

"Tone it down Jenni, you're drunk."

"No I ain't I mean no I'm not. I only had two drinks."

"You tested out to have blood-alcohol equivalent of about eight rum and cokes," drawled the bailiff.

"That's enough," Montana said sternly. "Use of the word 'about' is a totally inappropriate word in this context and anyway the charge Mrs Hardcastle faces is not a matter to be openly debated in a police station. Please act professionally."

"Yes of course Montana."

"Omigod she's not only American but it called Montana after a State somewhere, near Chicago State I think."

"East of there and Chicago is a city and not a State and you should be home explaining your predicament to your husband."

"He'll be asleep. I made my only call permitted to my dad."

"Yes and he is upset. Your noisy arrival home will wake your husband and the neighbours I should think."

* * *

The small Courthouse was packed, with pushy reporters and gossip columnists spilling over from the press bench into the front seats. Townspeople also stood outside where film crews from two national TV networks were set-up waiting for a dark-window limo to sweep up and deposit the defendant with a blanket over her head and half-carried into the Courthouse by two security heavies.

Well that was expected to happen.

A taxi pulled up at the fringe of the crowd of some 200 and Montana got out and called, "Pay the driver Jenni."

Huh? 

The assembly swung around as did the TV cameras and focused on Montana, dressed in narrow pinstripe with hair in a pony-tail, giving her the air of respectability. Then Jenni Reese Hardcastle emerged, looking angelic in all-white including her shoes and make-up and her long brunette hair was plaited and taken back to her forehead.

"Omigod she's done up as the Fairy Queen," the mother-in-law of a word-processing operator from Red Ridge Law office called on cue.

The murmur of 'Fairy Queen' swept through the waiting crowd and the two directors of the camera crews smiled gleefully.

"Move aside please," commanded Montana, and a gap opened for her and Jenni rather like a miniature parting of the Red Sea (Exodus 14).

"She lovely."

"I bet she's never had more than a couple of drinks in her life."

They were some of the comments Montana heard and she hoped those women were talking about Jenni and not her.

"All rise for distinguished Judge Archer of Adelaide," intoned the court clerk wearing a new suit instead of the usual white sleeveless shirt and tan shorts and matching long socks.

"Miss Reynolds."

"Good morning Your Honour. In the interest of perceived impartiality and justice, I as a recently arrived lawyer who had no knowledge of the defendant prior to the day of her allege offence. I have been appointed on special authority from the Crown Law Office to conduct the prosecution in this case because the defendant's father is Judge Mercer who usually officiates in this jurisdiction."

"For similar reasons to avoid possible conflicts of interest in local legal establishments the defence has appointed Sir William Grant QC, an eminent Queen's Counsel from Melbourne to represent the defendant on this very minor matter."

"Minor matter or not Miss Reynolds I'm satisfied that the Crown Law Office has taken full steps to ensure nothing untoward arises in this short hearing that could allow the media to proclaim with impunity that a judge's daughter received a hearing that adopted a bias in her favour."

"Thank you for such clarity Your Honour. The facts of this case before you are..."

The preamble took ten minutes and evidence of the evidential blood tests were submitted and the fact that there was no record of the defendant, a primary school senior teacher, having ever come to the attention of the police within the Commonwealth of Australia.

Sir William applied for dismissal of the case on the grounds that Mrs Hardcastle believed she had been victimised because she was the daughter of the district's only permanent Judge.

"That could be grounds for a thorough investigation but what is your evidence Sir William?"

"Hearsay Your Honour."

"Moving on, please proceed Miss Reynolds."

"Your Honour, a claim has been made to the police that Mrs Hardcastle's drinks were spiked in the night in question."

"I see and who made that claim to the police?"

"I did sir after being approached by an another victim, a friend of the defendants a Mrs Rosemary Crow who witnessed Mrs Hardcastle's drink being tampered with as well as the drink of Mrs Linda Evans who was driven home in a bad state. Mrs Crow states in her affidavit she was unaware of the severity of the tampering. She assumed that a mild party pill was had been dropped into the drinks that she says is quite a common practice in this locality. She later realized the tampering had been much more serious and contacted me this morning when reading in the local newspaper that I would appear as a special prosecutor in this case."

"This is most irregular and I feel the way of dealing with this is to call an adjournment."

"Your Honour a moment please; here is Inspector Harris of Red Ridge Police."

"Very well, you have two minutes."

After a brief conversation with the inspector Montana addressed the court.

"Your Honour may I call Inspector Harris to the stand. He has material evidence that may be of significant to this hearing."

"Sir William, do you have any objection to this unusual development?"

"No Your Honour. Methinks well will hear a disclosure useful to the defence."

"Clerk call Inspector Harris to the stand."

Emma left the Courthouse to be interviewed by the media in front of a cheering crowd.

The case had been dismissed on the evidence of Inspector Harris that a man had been arrested for illegally added an high-alcohol booster, still to be positively identified from samples obtained from him, to the drinks of two women and the party and four other witnesses had been found to have witnessed the tampering. Three witnesses had said Mrs Hardcastle had nursed her usual maximum of two drinks during the evening and her husband had signed a statement declaring she'd not consumed alcohol to his knowledge before she went off to join the party of former high school friends.

As the courtroom cleared a good-looking guy in a suit who'd sat near the front of the courtroom but didn't appear to be representing the media came up to Montana as she packed her carry bag.

"Well done Miss Reynolds."

"Why thanks, are you here representing the CLO?"

"Yes and who pointed me out to you?"

"No one, it's just you didn't fit any of the other categories I ran through my mind attempting to place you. The possible category of Mrs Hardcastle's lover seemed unlikely and I was left with the options of Federal Police or the CLO and I chose the latter"

"Very astute. May I talk to you in private? Would the lounge of Lancelot Hotel be suitable? I'm staying there."

"My flat is nearer."

"Then you choose Miss Reynolds; I seek a suitable environment for a private conversation."

"Mister call me Montana."

"I'm Anthony Mills."

The chatted over a bottle of white wine with the coffee table between then until Montana asked could they get the business bit over and then perhaps discuss what happens next.

Anthony said he'd been sent from Sydney because his senior have felt he'd been pressured into making an error of judgement in being bullied to authorised a greenhorn to act as prosecutor in such a potentially embarrassing case.

"Did you CLO guys comprehend the strategy had been suggested as the best way to allow an eminent defence lawyer to land Mrs Hardcastle with a very reduced penalty or even to get her off on a technicality."

"But that's manipulation."

"Yes Anthony and surely you know that amounts to not uncommon practice for any defence team looking to maximise their potential result."

"Yes of course we do but would they admit to doing that?"

"They didn't become lawyers because they were stupid Anthony."

He laughed and said she appeared instinctively slippery.

"Oh how sweet coming from an undercover guy checking me out for recruitment for undercover work."

"That could come later. The first step is for you to become a Crownie."

"Anthony you've already identified me as being slippery. How could I possibly join your staid lot when I studied law to join the fun side but I'm tending toward legal negotiation as a senior counsellor. Meanwhile I'm expected to do the hard yards first and that includes mundane court work."

"Ah then that's our business meeting over I guess, much to my regret."

"Never mind darling, I believe that in an earlier life I would have become a girl pirate and that's makes me genetically unsuitable to be hired by the CLO. Anyway I promised my mom at the end of my 12-month term which is linked to conditional immigration approval I would return to her."

"Much to our loss."

"Oh darling, how gallant of you. When did you last have sex?"

"Good heavens Montana show some propriety. I'm married and should not be asked such a question."

"Haven't you been looking at my tits?"

"Montana this is becoming too much; I must go."

"No please stay. It's a pleasure for me to be in such couth company. I am no worse than being provocative, yes?"

"Agreed."

"Right and I have an open invitation from the chef-owner of the Corruption Café to pop for a meal with someone. I got him off facing a charge of illegally serving horsemeat in his café. I found the guy and babe had pulled off a similar blackmail attempt in Ballarat, Victoria, where there was a warrant out for their arrests. Both are now serving time in prison after being found guilty on five other similar charges."

"That place sounds rather too seedy and could harm my reputation."

"No way, the café is in the 132-year old first courthouse built in this town. What could sound more respectable than that?"

"God Montana, you are an exciting woman to know. Um eight weeks."

"What you mean it's eight weeks since you last had sex?"

Anthony's reddened face was conformation.

"Have you had the clap?"

Anthony groaned and said it was no use her being interested in him as he was twelve years older than her.

"My proposal is we just fuck tonight honey. We can forget about fucking until your divorce comes thought and we have gained sufficient respectability to satisfy your uptight perception of yourself."

"My wife is in the UK visiting her parents."

"Oh then that explains why you haven't had sex for eight weeks and why sex hasn't found you until know."

"I don't know what you mean."

"I mean you were so consumed about fretting for your wife that you overlooked you could have sex with someone like me."

Anthony nodded slowly and said perhaps she was right; and that had assisted to clarify his thinking.

Montana smiled and fiddled quickly at the top of her dress with her bra and pulled out her tits, as she sometimes did to get slower guys activated.

Anthony lifted a clear two inches off the sofa in knee-jerking shock.

"Do you like the look of them?"

"They are real beauts Montana."

"Anthony as a transient I would never get sex unless I hit on guys. Come here and play with them. You may lick and suck and pull the nipples."

"It will be adultery."

"Yes and it's your decision. Just think carefully and base your decision on what you reckon you'd think about it tomorrow."

"That's great advice. Leave them out but I have another drink - and you."

"No just now thanks, I'm thinking about the possibility of having sex or receiving a rejection."

"No one in their right mind could reject you Montana. Bugger the drink; I'm coming over to you. Unzip the back of your dress fully please and you are invited to unzip me."

Well at time Montana did relax her policy of not having sex with married men or married women.

The best of sex came in the morning.

They'd had breakfast and had 30 minutes before it would be time for Montana to take Anthony to a larger distant airport with feeder flights to Sydney.

He ripped off his tie and dropping his pants said they should go one more time.

"I suggest deep kissing and ending up in a Sixty-nine."

She answered that by purring.

They kissed and he repeated what he'd said earlier that Montana had an unusually long tongue that was surprising mobile. He began to softly stroke her face and with her tongue entwining around hers Montana thought she was in bliss and suddenly she felt her pussy begin throbbing and then released without being touched down there.

Montana felt she was floating.

"How's your ass?"

"A little sore."

"Mine is too from you using that vibrator on me; I've never had anything into my butt before."

"I guessed as much," she giggled.

At the airport when they kissed goodbye Montana told him the truth.

"Ant you've been my best fuck since my arrival in Australia."

"Right on," he said, glowing in pleasure. He gave her a sharp slap on the bum and she smiled at him sweetly,

* * *

Montana arrived at the office on time and was followed in by Wendy.

"You seem to be walking stiffly this morning."

"Oh ah, it's these damn shoes," Montana said creatively.

"Yeah I know the problems, it's not all about fashion is it?"

"No and how is the fashion of receiving flowers from an anonymous donor going?"

"Sadly they have stopped and you know I feel a great loss that there are no more flowers and no more late night heaving breathing phone calls."

"Ah heavy breathing; that suggests he wants you to open your legs for him."

Wendy looked around wildly and yelped, "Fuck Montana, keep your voice down."

The looked at each other and giggled.

"It's good Wendy to feel someone else desires you."

"Yeah right but I'm feeling the guilt brought on by thinking I might become proactive, given the opportunity."

"I know who he is."

"What?"

Wendy's pupils became a littler larger and darkened.

"I mean how do you know?"

"He consulted me."

"So it's a guy; I was worried it might have been a female because I'm not into that sort of thing."

"He has no wish to compromise you; it's just that he's lonely and feels sexually depleted."

"Omigod it's not Judge Mercer; it's Reg."

"Yes and how do you feel about that Wendy? I swear we never discussed the possibility of me having this conversation with you."

"I-I could think about responding. I mean his late wife and I were friends and I felt his hurt when she passed on. He'd only require me to masturbate him I guess."

"I have no idea; he just asked me how he should approach you romantically for a little bit of affection as he felt attracted to you."

"Attracted to me? That's like having a crush."

"Yes it invokes a very pleasant thought doesn't it?"

"But why me, why isn't he attempting to have sex with you?"

"I suppose it could have been me but having a crush is more about the chemistry involved than actual physicality although that of course is part of the mix. Are you aware that you have a swing to your backside when you walk rapidly that I understand drives the minds of some men almost crazy for brief moments?"

"What but that's just the fat tipping from side or side."

"Believe that and you'll believe anything Wendy. It too involves a multi-combination that includes bone, muscle, tendons sinews and flesh."

"Okay then and so Reg is an admirer of my ass?"

"That's something you can talk to Reg about Wendy if you decide to heed his call."

"He's said nothing to me about this."

Montana laughed and pointed out he'd said it with flowers and heavy breathing on the phone.

She turned and began leaving and Wendy called, "Tell him I'm ready for him to take my across the street for coffee."

Montana waved acknowledgement and called in on Reg.

"Congratulations for your court appearance... it was amazing really. None of us could have managed to hit it at the pace you did and with such exquisite timing to arrange for Inspector Harris to walk in just when he did. How did you do it?"

"He waited outside until I sent him a walk-in-now text message I'd preloaded ready to send."

"Wow, great presence of mind, great planning and great execution. You appear to have it all young woman."

"Thanks but I'm well short of experience although I'm getting dumped into it thanks to you Reg. Oh by the way, check you have a supply of condoms. I've just come from Wendy and she told me nothing more is happening, much to her disappointment."
