 Young American attorney Montana Reynolds, working on an international law placement arrangement in rural New South Wales, Australia, stopped to take a call when heading for her office.

"Hi mom thanks for calling; I've been missing you especially as I have to make more of my own decisions now."

Martha said sharply, "Are you smart-mouthing me?"

"Not at all and I generally accepted you thought you were acting in my best interests."

"And what did you think?"

"Generally I may have agreed with that."

"Heavens Montana, you are becoming more of a mealy-mouthed attorney than what your father is."

"Is that a compliment mom?"

They laughed.

Mother and daughter performed the usual catch-up on health, happiness, any big changes in life and of course Montana was asked had she met a young man yet. She said yes, several, but not one of the calibre and with the nesting motivation her mother had and mind.

They laughed.

"Um this may be a little upsetting but that guy you associated with that triggered me into getting you posted abroad um... oh what's his idiotic name...?" 

"Lancelot Truman?"

"Yes well according to our newspaper he was caught in a police drug bust and tried to escape with a bundle of money and in the struggle with arresting officers his neck was broken."

"And?"

"Montana, he died."

"Oh really?"

"You don't sound overly concerned."

"What was that guy's name mom?"

"Omigod you're becoming a hard bitch just like your mother," her mother wailed.

Montana said sweetly, "Bye mother and thanks for calling. I have a client waiting."

She walked into her office thinking unlike her mother she had a soft centre.

A grey-headed male in a grey suit rose from the visitor's chair.

"Good morning Miss Reynolds. I'm acting on behalf of my sister who lives with her husband in Griffith, a city in the Riverina, and they have three very productive agricultural properties in the Murrumbidgee irrigation area. "

"Oh really, where's that?"

"Is it not known in America?"

"Many things are not known in America sir."

He appeared pissed off.

"It's a place not all that far from here and borders the State of Victoria."

"You must understand sir that I'm American and have been in this great country of yours for only a few weeks and have only once travelled beyond the town boundary of Red Ridge."

"That is understood and why I mentioned America earlier. We read about you on the Internet how you nipped in the bud a situation that you Americans in the Midwest would call an imminent range war between the McGinty's, famous for their trouble-making and noted for giving a upward thrusting reversed finger salute to anyone in authority."

"Facing them was just one man, an aggressive bastard otherwise known as Gino Pappas, who knew he was outnumbered and about to be over-run when the summoned Calvary in the form of you arrived. And then you by using pure simplicity, according to the article Gino Pappas posted on the Web, you defused the situation within minutes and the hard-faced McGinty matriarch took to you like a grandmother desperate for yet another grandchild."

Montana grinned and said, "Remove that crap out of that and it's more or less an accurate report of what happened. It could have gone horrible wrong you know."

"I know. I'm Darcy Oldham and I've been instructed not to return to Griffith without you. Um you coming on your own free well of course."

"Did it occur to you to tell your sister that you are representing to get fucked?"

"What? Miss Reynolds, you can't help being American but in this country our ladies don't use the F-word in male company outside of the bedroom. It's not a law of the land but it's just how it is, if you understand."

"I understand. Your sister appears to be quite a bitch."

"Miss Reynolds, really."

Kate the receptionist knocked and said urgently, "It's your mother calling from some place called Jersey City in America. She is angry that your phone is off."

"Thank Kate, put the call through. I apologize Darcy and please call me Montana. If I don't take the call mom will turn into a super-bitch."

The desk phone was on speaker and Montana said, "Make it short mom, I have an important man with me under orders to take me to the Murrumbidgee area which must be an Aboriginal gathering place I think."

"Ask him what it is; I like the sound of the name."

Darcy said the Murrumbidgee was a big tributary, part of a huge river system, the second longest in Australia and was almost 1000 miles long. They would be going to Griffin, a city of 26,000 in the heart of the so-called food bowl of Australia. 

"Thank you for your interest ma'am."

Martha said, "Your new client sounds cute. I forgot to say earlier that I had your car crated and is due to arrive on container ship at Melbourne any day soon."

"Mom your idiot, have you any idea of the cost of that freighting? It will be horrendous."

"Oh will it? I have no idea really. Get back to that nice man darling. Bye now."

Darcy said it sounded as if Montana's mother spoiled her and must be very wealthy.

"Oh she does have a dollar or two and plays at being a good mother now and again. She knows I adore my car that she gave me for my 21st birthday."

"Golly that must be some car."

"It's kinda special, a 1959 Chevy Corvette Classic that had been professionally rebuilt but refined with modern mechanical and technological advances mostly hidden from sight apart from the colour."

"The colour?"

"It body colour apart from the white flares is non-standard: mom had it repainted in Electric Indigo blue. It looks simply stunning."

"Hmmm well back to business. This is another sticky problem for you involving negotiation."

* * *

Darcy drove up to a two-level mansion set amid rows of grapes vines arranged for commercial harvesting and several groves of olive trees.

He's phoned ahead and a solid woman and a thin guy who looked of possible Italian descent waited outside the front entrance for them, hand and hand. Montana thought they looked tense; perhaps that was concern about crop sale prices as harvesting was underway for many summer/autumn crops.

"This is my sister Mrs Nita Gerosa," Darcy said respectfully and then somewhat apprehensively said, "And her husband Savino."

Montana saw that Nina's red-rimmed eyes and hugged her and kissed her cheek and Nina began weeping, clinging to her, and cried, she wanted their daughter Luci back.

"Is she in the care of the authorities?"

"The bloody authorities, who would go to them for help? If you want a bloody mess you ask the authorities for assistance," Savino said. 

"Our daughter Luci she's been kidnapped by the three Cossenino brothers," he said and spat on the ground contemptuously.

"The brothers were lazy and made trouble chasing the wives and girlfriends of other workers on one of our properties. So I fired them and paid them off. That evening the brothers snatched Luci from her bed. They and left a note saying if we called the authorities Luci would be no more."

"What do you think that threat means?"

"Nita and I pissed our pants because those bastards come from the South of Italy and some people there will knife a guy for refusing to hand across a slice of pizza. I say to Nita I round up my friends and storm the place where they have been living and shoot the bastards dead but on no, Nita recalled reading something on the Internet about you and said we get you to rescue Luci because you act like a guru with the brain and smooth tongue."

"I really don't think..."

"Miss Reynolds, please do what we ask," Nita cried. "If these hotheads storm the house Luci would probably be shot dead too in the fracas. She is only six and deserves to live a full life."

"Oh god we are caught between a rock and a hard place," Montana cried. "We all are obliged by law to inform the police if we have knowledge of any kidnapping occurring."

"But it's not a kidnapping per se," Nita said. "The note those bastards left said they had taken our daughter on a holiday."

"Those bastards were just out to wind us up," Savino said handing Montana the note.

"Well I believe they have taken Luci on a little holiday because she's so cute."

Savino roared, "Have you lost your marbles?" 

Nina held up a hand indicating for he husband to keep quite.

"Because I believe your daughter was taken on holiday, but without your permission I can understand your concern and I'm not obliged to report knowledge of a girl being taken on a holiday. Please destroy that note Savino and everyone must deny that a note was left if questioned by authorities and forget I ever asked you to do such a thing as the authorities take a dim view of anyone perverting the course of justice and it could mean the end of my legal career."

"Bloody authorities," Savino scowled and ripping the note into pieces and swallowed them.

"I need a bloody wine," he said, walking away.

"Right this is an explosive situation," Montana said when he disappeared into a shed. 

"Into the car with me Nita and your drive Darcy. I think the best way is the strategic quick in-and-out approach"

Nita said, "I'll go in and say we wish to negotiate."

"That will take up too much time. You stand in front of the vehicle where those guys can recognise you. What is the name of the boss guy?"

"Marco?"

"Step on the gas Darcy. We don't those fucking crazy hotheads coming up behind us with their guns blazing. Guys give me all the money you've got."

Montana added her money and counted a total of thirteen hundred dollars.

That's $700 from me, $440 from Darcy the rest from you Nita. You'll need to square up with Darcy and me later. We'll hand over this money and the vehicle."

"Are you mad; they probably want fifty thousand bucks?"

"Well they're not getting more that we're offering Nita and my job is to get that message through their thick heads."

"But this car..."

Darcy said, "I'd rather lose my car 100 times than lose my niece."

Nita burst into tears and Montana hugged her.

* * *

The three brothers looked at Montana suspiciously. None were holding weapons.

One of them asked, "Why have the Gerosa's sent you, a lawyer who is not from here instead of coming to us with a bag of money?"

"I assume you are Marco?"

His eyes become hooded and he said, "How did you know that?"

"Either it's because I'm a lawyer and know everything or perhaps I know all Italian guys are called Marco."

He nodded and said yeah funny lady.

"Are you here to negotiate?"

"Yes,"

"Then start talking?"

Montana said first she wished to see the girl.

"Luka."

The youngest brother went into an adjoining room and returned holding a young female who was rubbing her eyes and stared at Montana.

"I wish you and your brothers to know Marco that Gerosa and a bunch of his hot-headed friends are probably already heading this way, armed to the teeth. You have the choice of taking me hostage and hoping they don't fire on me and this child in their attempt to kill you and your brothers or alternatively..."

"Come on lady, what is the alternative."

"The alternative is to accept this deal and be smart and clear away before the guns arrive. I have here all the money we had on us, $1300. But you may also use our car to flee from the posse that will be bristling with guns."

"Please Marco, I don't want to die with you guys. Mrs Gerosa promises if I and her daughter are set free she will wait two hours before reporting the vehicle has been stolen. That will give you two hours to dump it and board a bus or train and get into the clear, making it hard for anyone to find you guys especially if you split up."

"Of course you may have a better idea Marco."

"How many guns?"

"I have no idea but my guess is two dozen."

He appeared to turn pale.

"Give me the money."

"Luka give me the girl and you take this money."

Luka looked at the older brother who nodded.

The exchange took place and kissing Luci and calling her 'my darling' Montana said, "Grab your things and follow me guys, we don't have much time to lose."

Nita and Darcy saw them coming and left the car, Darcy carrying some of his personal property.

Nita ran down the hillside and embraced Montana and Luci and the brothers ignored Darcy and tumbled into the car and roared off.

Nita called her husband and asked where they were.

"I've gathered fourteen guys and we're arguing what is the best way of handling this. Everyone has their own ideas. It's a fucking circus."

"Savino tell them to go home. Montana walked in and within 10 minutes walked out with Luci, who's a bit shaky but unharmed, and with the brothers following like pet goats. Montana collected all the money we had on us, thirteen hundred dollars, and gave them Darcy's car to drive away in and said it wouldn't be reported stolen for two hours and so they should abandon it within two hours. It is unlikely those bastards will ever be seen around here again.

"Thirteen hundred dollars...I can't believe it. I expected them to demand fifty grand."

"Montana told them the offer was thirteen hundred dollars and a getaway car or they could tell her to stick it and they all would die in a hail of bullets which was the counter offer available to them."

"Christ that young American woman thinks like a fucking gangster. Marco would know he possessed only one good option. Report the car stolen now. It will be a day or more before the authorities activate our missing car report.

Two hours later, Darcy was driving Montana back to Red Ridge. Nita had given Montana the previously agreed fee plus a bonus of $10,000 cash.

She kissed Montana goodbye and said, "Please Montana don't give my new Mercedes away; I've only had it for three weeks."

They rolled about laughing.

Meanwhile back at the offices of Red Ridge Law...

* * *

The managing partner of Red Ridge Law, Reg Day looked up and said, "Wendy please come in. I guess you are here to demand I apologise for treating you unprofessionally and to cease being your secret admirer."

Wendy took a chair facing Reg across the desk and said she'd enjoy a drink, preferably beer as it had been a hot day,

Reg went to the small fridge and got two bottles of pale larger and removed the caps and they both said 'Cheers'.

'I indicated over coffee yesterday when you confirmed you were the big tease sending me flowers that I thought that was romantic but that you breathing heavily at me on the phone was the pits."

"Yes sorry about just breathing on the phone, that was pathetic."

"Well I've slept on that Reg and I've decided we should go somewhere for a weekend and see just how far we can go with this. You see I'm flattered that someone is interested in me sexually when I'm into my 52nd year."

"That's a wonderful and intelligent idea Wendy; it means feeling our way."

"I have yet to get used to the idea of your pawing my body Reg."

"Yes of course."

"And I haven't sucked dick for perhaps 10 years."

Wendy saw his face fall.

"I suppose there's no reason why I can't turn back the clock."

Reg dabbed his forehead with a handkerchief.

* * *

Montana and Darcy arrived back in Red Ridge pleased with the quality of the car's air-conditioning system because it had been a stinking hot afternoon.

"Will you turn around and drive back or do you wish to stay? I have a spare bed in my flat."

Darcy said that was a tempting offer but he said he'd be a good boy and stay at the Commercial Hotel.

"You could join me for dinner."

Montana said sweetly, Why don't I just join you?"

"What do you mean?"

"I could be your bedroom guest."

Darcy's eyes came close to popping.

"But Montana I'm a several years older than you and some people including my sister call me dull. I mean my wife sleeps in our guest room and that signifies what she thinks of me these days."

"Let's not fuck around Darcy, yes of no. I'm getting nothing like the level of sexual activity I'm used to. Take me to my office and I'll check in for a catch-up and then come over to you if you really would appreciate my company tonight."

"Yes, be my room guest."

Montana knew at that moment she'd gradually become a sexual predator just like her mom. The grapevine had fed her information about her mother's dalliances with men who similarly kept their adulterous activities out of the limelight.

According to her mother in general conversation, people who had no idea of what was going on therefore had no incentive to become critical or judgmental. 

Martha had also shocked Montana when saying she couldn't condemn or condone adultery as a recreational activity simply because whatever one's views were, the prospect of immoral adultery could turn even a moralist's mind should it become more important to satisfy a steadily simmering and all-embracing feeling of animalistic passion than to remain passionately fixed to a moral principle... um at least her mother's words were to that effect. 

Somewhat astounded at the time that her mother could entertain the thought of compromise when relating it morality, Montana had been intrigued to learn that sexual activity outside of one's marriage could be considered 'a recreational activity. Not long after that disclosure and thinking about it, Montana had sex with her favourite senior tutor at law school, a married man, and she remained unabashed that she'd been the instigator. His 'recreational activity' with her left her... well totally fucked.

Back at the office just before 5.00, Montana assumed everyone would be too busy to talk, but that was wrong. When she placed the $10,000 bonus paid in cash in front of Reg he acted as if he'd been shot.

"Christ Montana, this is very irregular and could be construed as a bribe. Why didn't you just pocket it?"

"I gained that money in the course of my employment and it's my duty to hand it over to the partnership."

Reg, looking flustered, called in his two partners and explained the transaction that Montana was attempting to complete.

"Look I'm on a good salary and get a monthly allowance from my mother and don't really shop so actually I don't need extra money."

"But why don't you buy a pre-owned car with it?" said Bert Saddler, the most philosophical of the partners.

"My mother is shipping my car to me."

"Christ that will cost a fortune," Reg said and all three stared, waiting for the answer.

Montana used her long accustomed fend-off: "Oh my mother has a dollar or two."

"Look guys let's not stall over this; take $3000 each and place the remaining $1000 into the Christmas fund. That way there's no paper trail to worry about."

Wendy said, "It would be proper for it to record as a bonus by the person who was satisfied with your work in Griffin, remarkably satisfied I'd say. Have her contract details recorded in the entry into accounts. 

"Get out the whisky bottle Reg, beer for me, and I'll explain why this is so fucking complicated."

Montana told them everything about her visit to Griffin and the three partners became increasingly bug-eyed.

When she finished Reg said solemnly, "That was a heroic performance Montana and you placed yourself in considerable risk. But you acted irregularly as a lawyer that simply could not be tolerated by officials."

Montana stood and said, "I apologise for letting you guys down. I'm off to write out my resignation."

"No way," said the three partners as if they were trained choristers.

Montana walked to the Commercial Hotel and phoned Darcy who came down and met her in the foyer (lobby).

"I thought you'd changed your mind," he said.

"No I had nothing else to do tonight. I felt obliged to tell my seniors where I'd been and why and that took time, leaving them looking at me as if I were on some sort of mind-enhancing drug. 
