 A senior lawyer nominated by the local Law Society branch in south-east rural New South Wales, Australia, was underway investigating a complaint involving Montana,

The complainant alleged that Red Ridge Law had been inappropriately assigning young American lawyer Montana Reynolds on an international experience placement scheme to interface unsupervised with clients on matters far beyond her limited knowledge of Australian law. 

The three partners and Montana listened impassively as the society's appointed investigator Stewart Todd read out the complaint of alleged misdemeanours that, if proven to have merit, would place Reg Day before a disciplinary hearing charged with breach of contract he'd signed with the international lawyer placement organization that had received approved of Australian immigration and law authorities. 

Stewart finished reading the prepared statement and waited.

"Is there no comment," he said a little testily.

"It's a trumped up allegation by some malicious jerk in a law firm in this town," Montana said.

"Miss Reynolds, you are sitting here to listen to proceedings out of fairness and to negate any allegations that you were kept in the dark should you attempt to seek legal redress over this action."

Wendy said, "Miss Reynolds has not required one-on-one supervision because she arrived in Australia with intimate knowledge of our legal system through watching training videos for Australian senior law students, watching mock trials and for four months prior to arrival here I understand she spent hundreds of hours boning up on Australian law, precedents and possible changes that were being mooted."

"Well then, is there any objection to me testing Miss Reynold's knowledge of Australian law?"

Reg looked at his partners who nodded and he said the partners had no objection to that proposal. 

Montana said, "Please proceed Mr Todd; I await your questioning unperturbed."

The questions she answered concerned dispute resolution, gender equality law, foreign ownership of water entitlements, notification of series data breaches, family court proceedings, relationship registration, firearms and trafficking law and electronic conveyancing.

It virtually was a master class examination on Australian law knowledge.

"You are unbelievable Miss Reynolds and your knowledge and accuracy would probably out-gun many currently practising Australian lawyers."

The three partners applauded,

"Yes but you are not quite out of the woods..."

"Sir may I say something of material interest to this enquiry?"

Steward invited Montana to proceed.

Montana handed Stewart a memory stick and said it was a copy of her personal journal she started on her arrival in Red Ridge and covered in detail the extensive briefings she'd received from each of the partners and how most of her work had been in dispute resolution simply because it was one of her specialties and the basics were universal.

"Including are notes of the briefings I received prior to embarking on any assignment, the names and contact numbers of the parties involved, a summary of the issues, the steps taken by me to mediate and the results, plus the fees charged and receipt numbers of payments."

Montana smiled disarmingly.

"I compiled my journal not to foil any misguided complainant but because my father who heads the law firm I work for in Jersey City would wish to know clearly what I'd been occupied doing in Australia other than drinking beer and being dated."

"Thank you Montana, and congratulations again. Reg I now close this meeting because I believe I had everything I need to produce a comprehensive report to the society,"

Stewart left and the partners took Montana out to lunch.

During that 3-hour event Reg said suddenly, "Oh crap Montana, I've just thought Stewart will find the contracts of that Gerosa couple in Griffin and if he calls them the woman will sing your praises and out will come details of the kidnapping."

"No worries Reg; as lawyers we are supposed to leave no stone unturned. While waiting to go to this morning's conference I called Nita and explained what was happening. Further I emailed her a transcript of my report on involvement in the events that day and that um my report makes no mention of the crisis around her daughter. She promised to follow the script but in her own words."

"None of us heard any mention of kidnapping guys," Reg said and made a toast, "Here's to our young hot shot Montana Reynolds."

Three weeks later Reg was called to a meeting with a Law Society complaints subcommittee and returned home very happy. He said the good news was the subcommittee found after the initial investigation there was no case to answer and the complainant would receive a full report. 

"The bad news is I accepted a recommendation that Montana be reassigned to Sydney and steps will be taken to have her contract amended accordingly. I sorry Montana but the panel said with a brilliant mind like yours you'd benefit by being placed in a busy environment where the ingrained culture for interns is based around supervision and refined leadership." 

"You have the choice of taking a position with the Crown Law Office, a Government disputes resolution organization or a prominent law office."

"Must I go?"

Reg scrubbed his chin.

"You would be nuts not to immerse yourself with the big players."

"Wendy?"

"Heroines fly Montana."

"Oh god then I'll go to Sydney."

"Good girl," Reg said. "Here are details of four junior partners in the firm of Fletcher-Tooth Law that are willing to take you under their wing at Associate level."

"Three guys and one female, I wish to be paired with the female please."

"But you haven't read their CVs."

"You guys as country people take people at face value Reg and so why shouldn't I?" 

"Bugger me, how can a guy argue against such overwhelming logic," he beamed. 

Reg beckoned over a waitress and said, "Two more bottles of red at this table miss and more beer for the young lady - make it the best Melbourne-brewed lager, she doesn't drink any other beer."

* * *

Feeling somewhat anxious, Montana entered the office of Dana Robertson in one of the four floors that Fletcher and Tooth Law occupied in the upper floors of a 16-floorA-class commercial building overlooking the glorious Sydney Harbour.

"Ah Miss Reynolds," said the 40-something lawyer who specialized in Family Law coming around her desk with a hand outstretched.

They shook hands and Montana said, "I would feel a little more comfortable if we hugged."

"Oh darling of course," said Mrs Robertson, hugging the newcomer and stroking the side of her face motherly. "I guess you feel you've been put through wringer and now have arrived to be pushed on to the scrapheap?"

"I feel rejected yes, but know I have been given a fabulous opportunity in being paired with you. I've read several magazine articles about you and some of the citations associated with your awards."

"Ah that suggests good preparation darling."

"Yes and I allowed for journalistic tendency to try to make a good story even better. I was impressed to learn you gained your LL.M. and J.S.D. qualifications at Columbia." 

"Ah yes and to this day I recognise that time in New York was a truly remarkable time in my life. Please sit and while I pour coffee please tell me things about yourself that you didn't cover in our exchange of emails."

"Oh god the interrogation begins even before my first coffee."

"That's how it has to be; it you need to know you have to ask."

Over lunch at a café of sandwiches and pure fresh squeezed fruit juice, Dana said for her first month Montana would accompany her everywhere but to the toilet. Socially she had her youngest brother lined up to introduce Montana to Sydney if she approved of him.

"Does he have a lively mind of your calibre?"

"Yes very much so."

"Then bring him on."

"But what about his appearance, his personality, probing about odd habits and reliability?"

"Dana he's not a prospective client or a suitor."

The older lawyer cracked up and dabbing her mouth revealed she'd been told she'd find Montana could pump up to full throttle and charge like a headless horseman on attack.

"Omigod you talked to Wendy Flynn about me. I once hear her refer of the headless horseman."

"Oh caught out am I?"

"It appears so but you had to prepare yourself if agreeing to take me in as your Associate sight unseen and with me possessing a somewhat patchy reputation in already being involved in a Law Society investigation when I've not yet been in Australia for much over two months?"

"True there is that blip. B ut I also studied your performance record that received an impressive appraisal from the guy who investigated your situation Steward Todd. I already like you Montana and rate you as a young filly with the desire to run ahead of the herd. I already see potential in you and well we should leave it at that."

"Thanks Dana, that makes me feel welcome. Um may I become personal?"

"Oh god what is it?"

"Why are you an obviously pretty woman dressed so conservatively and in terms of make-up you present yourself as Mrs Drab?"

Dana reacted sharply.

"Back off Montana."

"Ah that suggests you are aware of what I've mentioned."

"Yes and what you might not realize is this firm is big into corporate law and we dress and perform to appease. You will have seen our dress code."

"My guess is your daughter has tussled with you over this."

"Montana please."

"And you feel she has failed in her effort and now you fear I'm going to be a relentless bitch about this."

"Come on, it's time we returned to the office."

It was a short walk with Dana tight-lipped as Montana spoke about modern corporate female lawyers in America; that mind-blockages were difficult to handle, that one way was to change progressively but she favoured the 'big bang' theory and doing it in one hit.

In the lift to the penultimate floor Dana listened, head down slightly as the non-stop dialogue ended, "Stars shine brightly because they are stars Dana."

Dana looked at her tormentor and said, "You are like a dog worrying a bone. I'll think about it."

"Great you lovely lady. Now who do we rip into this afternoon?"

The doors rumbled open but were unable to drown Dana's big sigh.

Dana looked at a file and said, "You are staying at the Richmond Apartments; you'll have to get out of there as they charge like wounded bulls."

"No it's okay. My mother is in business and has a dollar or two and gives me a generous monthly allowance. It's all about location and those apartments are right where I thought I'd like to be and are a close walk to this office."

At the end of the day the two women walked out on to the street at 6:40 and Dana pointed to the Excelsior Bar and said, "My brother is over there having a beer in case you might like to go over and meet him." 

"I can't believe you'd need a formal introduction and so I'm off."

Montana kissed Dana on the cheek.

"Good night mother and overnight think about transformation into becoming my older and classy sister."

"I knew it; you'll never let up," Dana grumped as she walked off to the train station.

Montana entered the bar knowing that she had no idea of what Dana's younger brother looked like but felt it reasonable to assume that his efficient sister would have described Montana to him.

She was correct.

A tall and slim guy with short curly blond hair slid off a bar stool and beamed at her.

As she closed him he said, "Dana said you were good-looking Montana but then you'll already know she's somewhat conservative. I'm Hagen Carson as Dana..."

"That tells me Dana was a Carson before marriage. Hi Hagen thanks for agreeing to have me dumped on you for a drink."

"No worries. Great tits."

Montana was adopting her 'Don't fuck with me' look when she swept it away with a grin and said, "Is that all you could think of saying to me while waiting here alone."

He blushed and said she was on to him.

"Name your cocktail and it's yours."

"Nah I'd prefer a lager from Melbourne please."

"Christ you drink beer."

"Yeah but no more than two bottles a day because I have no intention of developing a beer belly. What's that horse piss you're drinking?"

"It's an India pale ale from the tap, I don't know what brand it is."

They talked and Montana thought he was okay but perhaps a little too casual for her. Still there was no need to rush into sex as she wasn't hanging out for it. 

She'd given Reg Day the time of his life in his office on the evening of her last day at Red Bridge and she had to admit he'd ploughed more ably than she'd expected. He confessed that his short affair with Wendy was over but she'd revved up his motor and his interest in hot sex was back in order.

Hagen took Montana to a Vietnamese restaurant for dinner and she'd been really impressed with the fare with its riot of flavours and she considered it was healthy eating. He got out of the taxi at her apartment building and Montana just kissed him and said goodnight.

"I thought this might happened which is why I haven't paid the driver."

"That's to be expected," she said and lied, "I'm not promiscuous."

He kissed her again and smacked her rump and said he'd catch her soon.

Oh yeah?

On Sunday Montana was on a ferry returning from having lunch at Manly when Dana called.

"I'm home and my daughter and I have me in a bit of a mess after trying to tint my hair and (sob)..."

"Don't worry I'm on a ferry heading back to Circular Quay and earlier was thinking my mother usually performed over what the professional hairdressers have done to heme. Give me the address honey."

Montana arrived at the Robertson's home in Double Bay and thought it was a lovely environment. Most of the old wooden dwellings had been done up and looked classic.

A 16-year old answered the door bell and said, "Mum said you were beautiful."

"And your mother would too if she heeded advisers like you and me about style."

"You're lovely," said the daughter, taking Montana's hand.

"And you are?"

"Jenna."

"Nice name. Please call me Montana."

"I can't."

"Why ever not?"

"Because you're an adult."

"Okay it's not for me to oppose house rules."

"We have reduced the blonde highlights a bit but it looks a mess. Here's mum now."

The two women hugged and kissed and the visitor said Jenna had told her she was not permitted to call her Montana.

"Jenna may call you Montana and I'll explain it to her father. See the mess."

"What mess?"

"God Montana, how do you do it? I feel better already."

Montana went to work with scissors and with judicious shaping dealt firmly with the blonde patches and what was left was the intended look of streaking.

Mother and daughter were wowed by the final result.

"Right the shops are still open, off we go."

"There's no need, I've found a couple of fashionable dresses from my past."

"Dana!"

"Oh all right, just a look and perhaps I might buy something but no bullying."

"Can I come mum?"

"No."

"Then I invited you to come with me Jenna."

"Thanks Montana; you're sweet."

Dana looked cross.

They returned 90 minutes later carrying several shopping bags and three suit bags.

"I was bullied," Dana said submissively.

"No you weren't mum; Montana said at last you have lifted your vision of yourself."

"What?"

"Don't pretend you don't know what that means. Montana said you need to burn half the clothing in your closet."

"She said what?"

"She could have been joking," Jenna said as Montana turned into the correct street and five houses along turned into the semi-concealed drive-way.

"How on earth did you know how to drive back here without any directions?" Dana asked. 

Montana said, "I was sitting in the front seat when we went shopping and so why wouldn't I have observed the route we were taking despite chatting to both of you?"

"Montana is brainy mum. She'll be extra good for you especially when you give her some slack."

"Montana must work with us fully supervised."

"In three weeks just remember what I just said."

"Yeah, yeah. Montana I suggest you take care what you tell Jenna."

"I haven't discussed anything to do with our business relationship with her. Perhaps your daughter has a good brain and great foresight."

"Nice one Montana but I heard mum say to dad she'll have to act like a nursing mother to this precocious upstart from America."

"Oh god," Dana groaned.

"Darling Jenna, a clever girl knows to never intentionally embarrass her mother even if she's one of the smartest lawyers in the State."

"Montana is right mum, I'm sorry. Thanks for allowing me to come shopping with you guys. I enjoyed watching you two interact; you're looking like a team already."

"I can't believe this; my daughter is maturing in front of my eyes. It has to be your influence Montana."

"I'll say this without any elaboration Dana. My mother began progressively treating me as an adult from my 11th birthday."

"Omigod what else have I been stuffing up as a mother?"

The three females were looking at the clothes spread out on the bed when Dana's husband Jarrod walked in, home from golf.

Jenna ran to him, took him by the hand and led him forward saying, "Dad allow me to introduce our lovely American Montana um..."

"Reynolds."

"Thanks mum, Montana Reynolds."

"Hi Montana and call me Jarrod. I was expecting quote, unquote a clinging precocious upstart."

"Jarrod after being put through the wringer and for a while thinking I'd be sent home I'm relieved to be tied to a willing female lawyer as my guru. Your wife is just lovely."

"Yeah well some guys get lucky. Have you been teaching my wife to spend money - that looks expensive stuff. And what you've done to her hair? It looks great after the mess I saw early this afternoon."

"I told them they're a good team already dad."

"Should we all go out to early dinner, taking Montana with us?"

"God yes and a stiff drink now please darling."

Next morning law office personnel looked intently at the new look Dana Robertson dressed in loose fitting black skirt, matching black jacket, white shirt with an extra wide collar, bright red bead necklace and matching red shoes with 3-inch heels and shorter dark hair with reasonably subtle blonde streaking.

She wore gloss lipstick instead of her standard cover, noticeable eye shadow and appeared to have acquired a tan - or was it make-up?

Everyone stared or looked and a few were complimentary as the new-look Danna took Montana around and introduced her to key personnel including a few of the 24 partners.

On Wednesday Hagen called and invited Montana for a drink after work at the bar they had first met at on Monday. Montana thought of saying no but Hagen said he'd like to meet again and so she said yes. It was lovely that someone wished to see her again.

As they were leaving, with Hagen saying he would be having a pie dinner and darts night with three pals, Montana asked him what did work at.

"I'm not employed at the moment. It's difficult to explain."

"I'm listening."

He sighed and said, "I got dismissed from my company job in IT for pushing away the manager who was bullying a new recruit."

"And you are saying the penalty was unreasonable?"

"Yes and I asked Dana to represent me in a claim for wrongful dismissal and she's reluctantly preparing the papers but warned that if the case is publicized I'd find it more difficult to find a job. She's advised me to drop seeking danmages and go and find another job but I said no,"

"Look leave it to me. I'll talk to Dana, okay?"

"Yeah okay."

Hagen went to kiss her cheek but she met his lips full on.

"Cheer up Hagen. I've had some experience in wrongful dismissals with almost 80% cases going our way. In your case, I'm thinking we should go for a pre court settlement to ensure you retain a clean word record, assuming they have been no other incidents I should know about?"
