 I met Jim through the usual way I met people these days. He was a fan of my writing. He had sent me a message thanking me for my work and told me how much he enjoyed it. As I do with all my fans, I returned his email thanking him for being a fan. We kept exchanging emails and soon a nice friendship was formed. 

We talked about jobs and home lives. I found out he owned a ranch up in Montana but traveled a lot for his job. And as most conversations that are started because of my work, ours turned to discussions of sex. We shared stories and experiences and even flirted a bit. We talked for almost eight months before we ever met in person.

One day I received an email from Jim letting me know he was going to be in my area for business. I was excited by the idea of finally meeting this Montana cowboy face to face. I replied and suggested we have dinner or drinks one evening while he was here. We set up the date and hammered out all the details. I was so excited.

As the evening approached we exchanged a few emails. Jim told me he was without transportation. The company he was in town consulting for had sent a car for him to get him to meeting and job sites but provided nothing for leisure. I told him it wasn't a problem and I would come to him. We agreed on a time and I began to get ready.

I had no idea what to expect from the evening. I wasn't sure if this was going to be some really informal bar and grill kind of dinner or more of a five star steak house kind of dinner. I decided to play it on the safe side and wear something that wasn't too relaxed but not too fancy either. I chose to wear a nice button down blouse and one of my pleated miniskirts. A little bit of sex appeal but not enough to be too obvious. Underneath I wore my favorite purple lace bra and panties. 

I arrived at the hotel at the agreed time. The place was nice. I had never been to a hotel as nice as this one. It was definitely expensive and high class. Jim met me in the lobby. He too chose to dress semi casual with a button down shirt and nice pair of slacks. We hugged and looked each other over. I knew Jim was tall but I did not expect him to be so tall. He had mentioned he was over six and a half feet tall and he towered over me. I could also tell his time at his ranch was good for his muscles. 

After regaining our composure, we decided to try a restaurant that was in the hotel. It was a nice lounge type place. Jim got us a corner booth near the back of the establishment. We sat down next to each other in the booth but not too close. After glancing over the menu, we gave both our food and drink order. Our cocktails came first and Jim and I started talking. We did a quick catch up as we sipped our drinks. A short time later the food arrived. 

After eating we continued to have a few drinks and talk. A buzz from the alcohol had gripped us both and our conversation began to get more flirtatious. I scooted closer to Jim as he complemented me more and more. I really liked hearing his praises. As I got in close, I noticed he was already beginning to get an erection. I smiled and winked at him before placing my hand on the growing bulge in his pants. He felt huge and wasn't even fully aroused. We continued to flirt for a little longer before I suggested we leave. He invited me to his room and I quickly accepted. 

We walked to the elevator as Jim tried to keep his arm around me. Time seemed to nearly stop as we waited for the elevator to make its way down to the lobby. I could tell Jim was fighting the same urge I was having to show some public displays of affection. I was about to lose my struggle when the bell of the elevator rang out. The doors opened and we quickly stepped on. As soon as the door was closed and the button for Jim's floor was pushed. We gave in to our urges. He planted a huge kiss on my lips and hugged me tight. I threw my arms around his neck as I tried to hold on to him. Again the elevator bell rang signaling our arrival. We quickly released our embrace as the doors opened. 

Jim took my hand and began to guide me down the hall to his room. When we got to the door, he fumbled for a minute with the key card but soon had the room opened. I had noticed he left the lights on in the room as I entered. The room was massive and well appointed. He looked at me and could see my amazement. "Do you like it?"

"Christ, Jim! This room is bigger than my first apartment!"

He moved back to me and took me in his arms again. Our passionate kiss returned. I felt his tongue push into my mouth and begin its dance with mine. MY lust created a wet spot between my legs. I wasn't sure if it was the alcohol, the hotel room, the incredibly attractive cowboy, or a combination of the three but, I was on fire and needed him so bad. As we kissed we began fumbling with our clothes. I had his shirt unbuttoned and tossed to the floor. 

His body was incredibly toned. My hands roamed all over his torso as he fumbled with my blouse. I had to step back and finish removing it before he pulled off the buttons. I took the moment to also unzip and remove my skirt. I stood there in my lace before this amazing cowboy. His hands cupped my breasts as he moved back closer to me. I threw my head back and sighed with pleasure.

His lips touched my neck setting my skin on fire and my senses on overload. I reached down and focused as best as I could on his pants. It was my turn to fumble for a moment as passion and desire took control of my thoughts. I managed to unfasten his belt and pants. They fell to the floor with a thud. I was suddenly being poked in my midriff. Jim, in anticipation, had fore gone with putting any underwear on. His nearly hard cock was now free and poking at me. 

I broke out kiss and looked down. He knew he was hung but, now that it was free and getting fully erect I could see he was huge. My eyes widened as I looked at his nearly steel hard dick. "Damn, Jim! That's not a cock! It's a monster!"

I was about to start to lower myself to my knees when Jim grabbed me. I lightly tossed me on to the bed. I landed on my back near the foot of incredibly tall bed. My breasts bounced as I settled. Jim walked up and grabbed my legs. He gently spread them and stepped between. I was usually one for foreplay but something told me we were about to get right to the main event. 

Jim reached down and slid off my panties. I took the opportunity to unclasp the front of my bra and let my breasts be free. Since I had first discovered the front clasp bras, I had found them great for adventures like this. It saved everyone involved from the awkward fumbling of a clasp in the back.

The bed was tall enough that even on my back, my body was a perfect height to accept his manhood. I held my legs opened as he positioned himself at the entrance of wet and waiting sex. I felt the head of his cock press against me. I wasn't sure he was going to fit. He was very big and I was very tight. With a slight pop, I felt him enter. Slowly he pushed himself into me. I felt him go deeper and deeper. My insides felt stretched to their max. It was a really tight fit but, to my surprise, there was no pain.

I looked down my body and watched as more and more of him entered me. I had been with some gifted men and had a few toys that were large but I had never felt anything so deep or causing me to feel so full. I was in heaven. Jim stopped only when our bodies came together. He waited only a moment for me to get use to him. Then he began to move in and out.

His speed began to increase gradually. All I could do was moan and cry out. It felt so amazing. Only minutes had passed and I was on the edge of orgasm. His ferocity increased and the room filled with the sounds of our bodies slapping together. I thrashed as my first orgasm hit. I screamed over and over. Jim put his hands around my waist to help hold me. I began to beg and cry out for more.

"Oh god, Jim! Fuck me harder!"

The cowboy was more than happy to oblige. Faster and harder he slammed his engorged manhood into my wet and aching pussy. I had orgasm after orgasm. His primal force never allowed my body to bask in each climax nor did it allow them to subside. I was no longer able to think or speak. Just lust and passion filled my every concern. Jim began to growl and grit his teeth. I knew his climax was about to peak. I focused really hard. I knew Jim liked dirty talk and I decided I would give him some to help him explode.

"Come on, Jim! Fuck me! Fill me up with your cum!"

That was all it took. He slammed his cock into me on last and violent time. I could feel him pulsing inside me as his seed flowed into my sex. He cried out for only a moment as his orgasm washed over him. Exhausted, he fell on to the bed and on top of me. His cock popped out from inside me as he rolled off of me. His cum drenched my insides. If I was able to get pregnant, then I would have been for sure. Some of his seed dribbled out of me and ran down my butt. It was so warm.

I snuggled up to him and he wrapped his arms around me. We basked in the post coitus glow. After he regained his composure he spoke. "I'm sorry Robin. I don't know what came over me. I just needed you so bad!"

I smiled at him. "It's okay Jim. It was wonderful and I am so full."

We kissed as we laid there. I was soon aware that something else he had told me was true. He was still rock hard. I giggled a little and looked at the cowboy. "Didn't get enough?"

Jim laughed. "I am always ready for more!"

I pushed him so he was totally on his back. I moved up and put my legs on either side of him. I hovered above his steel hard cock. "Then you lay back. I will do the work."

I grabbed his cock and pointed the head of it to my pussy opening. More of his first load of cum dripped out of me as I prepared to take him again. I felt a slight pop as his cock pressed its way slowly into me once again. I lowered myself down feeling every inch stretch me just as it had a short time before. I continued to lower my body until it finally met his. 

My breathing was extremely heavy as his cock filled my insides. I stopped for a moment and smiled at the cowboy. After taking a moment to get use to his size again. I began to slowly move my hips forward and back. My clit ground against the flesh of his crotch. The combination of his skin on my clit and his penis inside me was enough to almost make me reach a climax. I moaned loudly as I continued to rock back and forth on him. I was soon aware I wasn't the only one enjoying this. Jim was also moaning with pleasure. 

"Damn, Robin! That feels amazing!" 

I smiled and started to move my hips faster. The more he moaned the faster my hips seem to go. I was lost in the pleasure. My mind was awash with ecstasy as I ground my sex against his. Suddenly, I felt a familiar pressure building in me. My climax was approaching. It hit me like a tidal wave. I thrashed against Jim as I screamed out in joy. I threw my head back and my back arched as the orgasm took me. I bucked and thrashed against him. It was one of the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced. All I could think about was how much I wanted this feeling to continue. 

I lost my rhythm as I came. Jim put his hands on my waist to help steady me. I was soon aware they were doing much more than that. He lifted my body up and down on him as my orgasm continued. I was begging for more and Jim was happy to give me everything he had. He began to thrust his hips as he bounced me up and down on his shaft. I was in a state of pure bliss. We continued like that for what seemed like eternity. 

Jim began to groan. I knew that meant his own orgasm was about to take him. I waited until the last possible moment then removed his hands from my waist. In a move that would have made an acrobat jealous, I pulled myself off of him and moved my body between his legs with my face just above his cock. I reached out and stroked him a little knowing he was ready to burst. I wrapped my lips around the head of his massive manhood and sucked lightly. That was all he needed to finally climax.

I felt his cock spasm as he began to empty his balls into my warm mouth. Blast after blast erupted from him. I was amazed at the amount of semen he was able to produce. It filled my mouth to the point I had to swallow just to allow more in. After nearly a minute, he finally stopped. I slipped his cock from my mouth taking care not to let any of the load he just put there dribble out.

Jim sat up and looked at me. "Did you take the whole thing?"

I visibly swallowed what was left in my mouth and then gave him a devilish grin. The cowboy smile back at me, impressed by my actions. I crawled up the bed back to his arms. He wrapped me up in them and help me close. Cuddled together, we fell asleep. I woke the next morning to find Jim had already left for the day. He left me a note telling me how much he enjoyed the night before. I took the opportunity to use his shower. Once I was cleaned up and dressed, I left him a note. I told him I enjoyed the night before. I also offered to meet him again if he was interested. 

A few hours passed since I had left the hotel and made it home. As I walked into the door, my phone alerted me to a text message. It was from Jim. He had found my note and sent me a short text message. Any time you want. 

I smiled as I read it. I replied with one word, Tomorrow. It didn't take long for me to get a replay back from the cowboy. His message read, See you then. I blushed thinking about what was in store for me.