 As much as I love the moon, I also love the sun. My 2 most favorite times of the daylight hours are at dawn and at dusk, watching the sun rise over the ocean or watching the sun set beyond the horizon. I am almost always awake in the morning, long before the sun and take great pleasure in taking the 5 minute walk to the little private cove the next block over. Only during low tide can I walk along the wet sand and walk in the water. During high tide, I sit on the rocks and watch the waves roll in. Regardless of low tide or high tide, watching the sun rise and seeing the reflection in the water is very tranquil, hearing the waves roll in and the birds in the background, when everyone else is still asleep, is about as peaceful as I could ask for and I try to enjoy the sunrise as often as weather permits.

This morning, it was already bright and sunny when I awoke. I was confused, wasn't sure what day it was, what time it was, where I was supposed to be, or if I was late for any commitments. I look at the clock and the green glowing numbers show 10:19am. Startled at the late hour, confused over why I was still in bed, I jumped into a sitting position, trying to get a grasp on reality and bring things into focus. 

After a moment, I realize things seem out of place. My blankets are wrapped and twisted together, my extra pillow is on the floor, the bed sheets are wet and there is a belt from a robe that I don't recognize, tied to the bed post. 

"Oh Aurora", I say out loud. "What have you done this time?"

I climbed out of bed and searched for my robe. It was not in the same spot where I leave it every night. A quick scan of the room yields no results. I walk to the bathroom and it's not on the hook. I walk to the kitchen and it's not hanging off the back of a chair. I look out the back of the kitchen window and spot my robe by the fire pit. 

As if I were hit in the head by the "instant memory rock", the events of the night before became all too clear. I was out last night, dancing to the music of my drums and bells by the warm glow of the fire, under the bright light of the full moon, as is normal for me. A "peeping Tom" was watching me from the kitchen window of my landlords place, which in all honesty was very exciting. When "Tom" appeared by my side, natural instinct took over and we mated. I can't explain it other than to say, nothing felt wrong or out of place, in fact it felt as if I were fulfilling a role intended for me, following fate's script and I found myself smiling.

I walked out the back door to the fire pit to collect my robe. I found my scarf tied to the lawn chair and collected that too. I scanned the area, looking for anything else I might have left behind. I found my radio and an empty water pitcher then carried my things back into the kitchen.

I smile as my mind takes me back to the night before. I now remember well the events by the fire, but I must admit things become a blur after I was led from the fire to my bedroom. I don't remember if he ever told me his name, if we agreed to meet up again soon, exactly what kind of play went on (although that belt tied to the bed post makes me wonder who was tied and who was in control), or if I can expect to ever see him again. With these thoughts, I decide it's time to shower and get my day started, albeit far later than intended. 

*********************************

Days went by and I had not heard from Tom at all. My inspection of the landlord's place didn't show that anyone had been there. I couldn't find any other evidence that Tom was ever there. I began to doubt myself and wonder if I dreamed the entire evening, but I seriously knew Tom was real. He just left as silently as he came in. It wasn't more than a week of always looking over my shoulder, looking for signs of his return, checking my voicemail and email, I began to realize he was like a ship passing in the night, never to return. 

Days turned into weeks and Tom had become a memory. I'd gone on, living my life the way I always do, watching the sun rise over the ocean, putting in a full day at work, taking care of the property and my landlord's plants and fish, and relaxing in the evening. It's time to start planning for the next full moon. Again, the weather proves to be accommodating.

The eve of the full moon is upon me. I put together a large batch of stew that will carry me through the next few days. I make sure my new CD of drums and bells is ready, the radio has fresh batteries, I have plenty of wood to burn and as my thoughts drift back to last month, I think of Tom and make sure the lawn chair is close by, fully realizing he most likely will not show as he did a month before. And I wonder why I even care~

As sunset draws on, I gather my last minute supplies. I have my scarves, my beads, my music, the fire pit is stoked and ready to light, extra wood is prepared and ready for a long evening. After the long month I've had, I'm definitely ready to lose myself in the music, warmth of the fire, and glow of the full moon. All I need now is dusk and moon rise.

*********************************

The moon is high in the sky, the fire is burning bright, and the music is pulsing through the night air as I begin my dance ritual. My eyes are closed as I absorb my surroundings and lose myself in the rhythm of the music, the sparkling of the fire and light of the moon. My scarves hang off my neck, my head rolls back, and I twirl.... Lost within my rejuvenation. 

Once the music stops between songs, I open my eyes to check the fire, make sure its burning bright, see if it needs more wood.... And on the other side of the fire pit, behind a wall of flames, I see Tom. I don't know how long he's been there but he is as naked as I. Our eyes lock as they did before and the music from the next song begins. With eyes still locked, I begin my dance. I am willing him with my eyes to join me, and dance with me, the same way I dance. 

It didn't take him long to join me. Once I started to sway my hips, roll back my head, and reach out my arms, he was in front of me as if he jumped through the fire to reach me. He placed his hands on my hips and began to roll his hips the same way I did... Only~ with each step, he was moving me back away from the fire. Before I realized what he was doing, he had me in a seated position on the lawn chair, my hands tied behind my back and my ankles tied to the legs of the chair with my feet on the ground. I realize I am as helpless as he was just one month before, and I did nothing to stop him.

Once Tom had me tied to his satisfaction, he took his place on his knees by my side. He leaned in to kiss my belly and run his tongue over my belly button. Instantly, a rush of excitement pounded through my loins. I didn't know if he planned to move up toward my nipples or down toward my clit. After a long agonizing wait, he started his move up toward my nipples. His hands gently traced a line up my sides where he grabbed both my tits and pushed them together with his face resting in the middle. After a moment's pause and a deep breath, he greedily started to suck on my left nipple as he massaged my right. With his tongue circling one nipple and his fingertips on the other, I felt like I was going to lose my mind.

Tom was worshipping my body. I was restrained and couldn't move, but I didn't want to. His physical assault on my body was something I'd dreamed about. He sucked my tits, nibbled my nipples, and played with my boobs for only a short time. Then his wet kisses and caresses left my tits, as his tongue traced a path down the center of my belly to the center of my being. The closer his tongue got to my clit, the tighter my nerves were stretched. In any moment, his hot and moist tongue would reach my clit.... And I was excited beyond control. 

Finally after what seemed like hours, his face was between my legs, which were still tied in the open position.... His tongue was licking my clit, and even on occasion darting in and out of my hole. I wanted to fuck his face hard, to hold his head against my groin but I couldn't reach out with my hands tied. I could only sit there in the lawn chair and accept his tongue lashing, begging for more with a thought, encouraging him with my moans of pleasure, thinking "please never stop"! His tongue is so hot, so moist, and so determined to make me orgasm. In fact, he's prodding me along! 

"C'mon baby! Let it go, release, squirt on my face!"

As if on command, my body was released of all fluids. With long gasps of breath, moans and grunts, I released a river of passion, which he accepted with satisfaction, even if only for a moment. 

Before my orgasm even subsided, he mounted me and thrust his cock into my throbbing pussy. He drove himself in so hard and so deep that I had to catch my breath. The walls of my pussy were still throbbing when he buried his cock into my core. Once inside, he just rested there, taking in the contractions of my subsiding orgasm. Moments after the last throb, he began to thrust!

I could feel the excitement growing again already. Not completely recovered from my last orgasm, he was bringing me back up again to imminent release. He fucked me hard as I was restrained, only able to accept his assault and not reciprocate. How I wished I could run my fingertips over his back and hold him closer to me, and wrap my legs around his back so I could meet him thrust for thrust! With another pounding, a driving force deep inside my pussy, he released a growl and a grunt, and I felt the walls of my pussy milk him for every last drop! 

I still yearned for more... I couldn't let on though. I was still restrained. Once he caught his breath, he rolled off me and gently untied my bindings. I rubbed my wrists as if they were sore, stood up and stretched a bit, then grabbed another log for the fire. I turned around to look at him, and he was actually on his back, lying on the ground, catching his breath. 

I was not willing to let him rest! Seeing him there, unsuspecting, I straddled him, holding his hands above his head. My lips came down on his and our tongues danced. With my hands holding his above his head, I traced a trail from his ear down to his neck where I began to suck on the soft and tender flesh. 

I was accomplishing my goal, which was to get him excited for round 2. I felt like I was fucked, but I wasn't pleased... I needed more and that was my intent. As his excitement grew, I slid myself on top of him, grinding my hips into his, driving his cock slowly and deliberately into my throbbing pussy. My hips started to pulse, almost as if they had a mind of their own. As my body hovered over his, as our hips met thrust for thrust, my tits bounced over his face. He grabbed my left tit and squeezed it hard between his fingers, then he dove in to suckle my nipple and without warning, a gentle bite! Although it hurt, it was exciting. A long groan emitted from my throat as my hips pinned him to the ground, pushing my tit further into his mouth, almost begging for another bite. He withdrew, leaving me with a begging plea... 

"Bite me again, Tom! Please bit me again!"

I whimpered as his mouth left my nipple. I so wanted more exciting pain. Its hard to explain, but the single second of pain was almost tied to the growing anticipation of orgasm. Just then, he sucked in my right nipple, using his tongue to play with it, lick it, flick it, suck it... then BITE it! The walls of my pussy contracted! I was going to squirt again, all over his belly... I'd never known such exquisite pain before, the kind that could bring on a hard orgasm and leave me satisfied. That last bite brought me to full release, hips grinding hard as each squirt of fluid proves my body was pleased. 

As I drift off to sleep on the chest of a man I only know as Tom, I heard him mutter, "Oh My God, I LOVE the full moon!"