 After months of planning, she was finally on her way. Tonight, hopefully, she would be in his arms. The cabin was rented for the week. She would have a whole week to spend. She had a three hour drive ahead of her which allowed for plenty of time for thinking. Tonight when she signed on to the computer instead of being a little over 200 miles away she would be within ten. And he didn't even know. That was the scary part. What would he do, what would he say, would he come to her. All these questions ran through her mind as she drove. If she thought about it too much, she was going to turn the car around and go home. So, she turned up the radio and just drove.

They had been chatting for months on the computer and the occasional phone call. He couldn't seem to stop thinking about her. Maybe, if he was lucky, sometime soon she would be there with him. Cyber sex was wonderful. But everyone needs the real thing, he thought to himself. The weather was cooling which made work a little easier. Yet, today was going to be one of those long days. He wouldn't be able to be home till after seven, which meant that it would be after nine before he could talk to her. But, all he had to do was look at his cell phone and see her message. "Have a great day, I'll be thinking of you," she had sent this message this morning and almost every morning for the last few months. After a wonderful night of teasing and cyber sex, he would have that message waiting for him. 

A little after four in the afternoon, she pulled in to the driveway of the cabin she had rented. It was a spacious three room cabin right of the lake. She grabbed her bags and stepped in side. The living room had a huge vaulted ceiling which allowed for a view of the loft bedroom upstairs. The bedroom as well as the living room looked out on to the lake. She set her bags down by the stairs and began to look around. The kitchen was open and had a little table set off in the corner, plus an island in the center. She began to blush as she thought about what he said about counters. She walked out of the kitchen and headed up the stairs to look at the bedroom.

She was amazed at what she saw. Sitting in the center of the room was a huge king size bed. On one wall was a fireplace, on the other a big screen TV and entertainment center, but what surprised her most was the floor to ceiling windows that opened up onto a balcony overlooking the lake. She couldn't have asked for any thing better. There was a small desk in a corner that she set her lap top on and found the internet connection. Tonight was going to be wonderful. She had a plan and she was going to put it into action. She began to unpack and put away her things. She grabbed her shampoo and headed to the bathroom. The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom was. There was a standup shower with dual heads in one corner and a Jacuzzi tub in the other. The floors, the counter tops and the tub looked to be made of Italian marble. Giving it one last look, she headed back downstairs. There was still a lot to do. She headed downstairs, grabbed her keys and went to the store. She needed to get some things be fore tonight. An hour later she arrived back at the house with her groceries in hand. She put everything away, grabbed a bottle of wine and a glass and headed up stairs. She ran herself a bath, poured herself a glass of wine. She stripped out of her clothes, turned on some music and went to soak in the tub. She had lit the candles in there and the room smelled of vanilla. She carefully stepped in the tub to soak her weary muscle. As she let the warm water caress her, she began to think of him. Just a few more hours were all she was going to have to wait. By midnight tonight he would be with her, hopefully. 

She had to play it right. She wanted to call him right now and tell him she was there, less then ten miles away, but she wanted this fantasy more. She could wait. As the water drew cold, she bathed and got out of the tub. She wrapped a towel around herself and went to get dressed. She put her hair up, and left little tendrils around her shoulders. He did seem to like the curls. It was now around eight thirty. She grabbed her glass and headed to the desk to turn on the laptop. 

"Here we go," she thought, "have to play this just right." 

Just as he thought, it was sevenish when he got to his place. He took a quick shower and then grabbed something to eat. Then, he made himself a drink and headed to the computer. As soon as he signed on, he noticed she was already online, playing pool with some of their friends. If the only knew what had been going on.

He went in to the virtual pool hall and was greeted warmly by all. 

"Hi all," he said. "Hey babe, Hiya sexy," were some of the hellos he received. Then, her private message came up. 

"Hi Sebastian, how was your day?" she asked. 

"It was okay, just tiring, and yours?" 

"It was just a little boring with out you." 

"Want to play pool for awhile or just talk?"

"I think we may need to stay and play for awhile, can't keep you too myself all the time." She said, laughing to herself. 

"Yeah, you are probably right. But later, you are all mine." Sebastian typed, fantasizing about what he would say to her later. He turned on his web cam so she could watch him. They stayed and played till almost everyone else had left. It was down to them in a game with only one person waiting. That was when the private conversation started. They finished the game and she said she was going to bed. He told her goodnight and waited a few minutes and left himself. 

Then the first private instant message came to him. 

"Hi babe, are you still there?" 

"Yes sexy, I'm here."

"I have a surprise for you." She said, laughing to herself. This was usually the way there sex talks started. 

He was already anticipating her next words. But this time it wasn't words. It was an invitation to see her web cam. He could hit the button fast enough. All of the sudden she was there, he could see her. She was sitting in a chair at a computer, a glass of wine to her lips. She was wearing a green lace and silk gown. Her hair was up and god did she look good to him. 

"How was that for a surprise," she asked. 

"Babe that is the best surprise I have had all week. You look fantastic. You are making me hard already. I always knew you were a sex kitten." 

"Well, how fast can you be dressed?" she asked. She knew he was only wearing those fabulous blue shorts of his. He had been showing them off all night. 

"Why would I need to get dressed?" he asked, this one had him stumped. Usually she wanted him naked so she could watch him. What was going on? 

Then, she stood. He watched as the silk hugged her body all the way down to her ankles. God he was hard. She moved the chair out of the way and he could see a king size bed covered in rose petals. She picked up something off the night stand, then went back to the computer. Something about the bedroom looked familiar but he couldn't place it. 

"Come find me." She said and entered an address into the message. 

"Kristen, where are you?" he asked. She couldn't possibly be where she said she was. That would be too much. 

"Come find Me.," is all she said. She stood walked over to the bed and laid herself down in the middle of all those rose petals. "Kristen, seriously, come talk to me. Get back to the computer." he said. 

All she did was gesture with her finger to come over to her. Slowly she began running her hands over her breasts through the silk of her gown.

He didn't even turn off the computer. He jumped up threw on a pair on jeans and a shirt, grabbed his boots and was out the door. It would only take him fifteen minutes to get to her. He knew exactly where she was. He knew exactly which house because he had just done some of the work there. It took him less then fifteen minutes to pull into the driveway. 

On the front door was a note, "Welcome to the fantasy, Sebastian. Come find me." 

He opened the door and could hear the music playing. He knew exactly where she was. He headed for the stairs. There was a bottle of wine and a single glass sitting on the steps. The steps themselves were covered in rose petals. He grabbed the wine and glass and headed up the stairs. 

When he reached the top, there she was, lying in the middle of the bed. All he could do was stand there, looking at her. 

Slowly she came off the bed and started walking towards him. He set the wine down and then she was there. He gently touched the side of her face, and brought his hand around to the back of her neck. 

"I want your hair down." He said as he removed the pins holding her hair up. 

Brown curls fell, landing in between her shoulders and just covering the tops of her breasts. Her hands were on his chest, slowly working their way to his neck. Her lips were on his neck, gently kissing him, taking small nibbles as she went. His hands were on her hips drawing her closer. She could feel him through his jeans. She brought her mouth to his. 

Slowly teasing his lips with her tongue, she let her tongue take his drawing it into her mouth. This was what she had waited for. There were no words, just feelings. The feel of his hand on her lower back, the feel of his lips on hers. She took him by the hand and walked closer to the bed. 

He turned her around so that she was facing him. He couldn't speak, he couldn't think. His mouth found hers, slowly he moved to her neck, then her shoulders. His hands began removing the straps that held the gown to her. 

It pooled at her feet as it fell to the floor. She was standing there naked in front of him and she was beautiful. 

Sliding his hands down her arm, he came to her breasts. He began to fondle her, caress her, and squeeze her. Her nipples were getting hard. He let his mouth follow were his hands had been. 

She brought her hands to either side of his face and brought his head up to look at her.

"Now, it's my turn." 

She began to kiss him as her hands roamed over his chest. She felt her way to the waist band of his jeans. She unbuttoned his pants and then lowered the zipper. She heard him gasp as she just grazed his erection.

Gently she grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled it over his head. Her mouth began to blaze a trail down his chest, finding a nipple and suckling. She began to move lower, kissing his stomach, then his waist. 

All he could do was stand there and enjoy. She stood up and gently pushed him to sit on the bed. Before he could sit, she removed his jeans. To her surprise, he wasn't wearing underwear. His erect penis was right there waiting for her. 

Kneeling between his legs she began kissing one thigh and then the other, holding him in her hand.

Her mouth then found him, kissing the tip, then the shaft. She took him into her mouth and began to taste him, all of him. He was so wide and so hard. And getting harder by the second. He was breathing hard. 

God this was better than anything he had ever thought of. He had to make her stop or he was going to explode. But he couldn't, it felt too good. He scooted back on the bed forcing her to follow him. She was on her knees, on the bed. 

"Turn so I can taste you," he said, a little out of breath, "I want to taste you while you taste me." 

Then he was able to but his mouth on her. He could taste the sweet juices that were flowing in her. 

As soon as his tongue entered that sweet space she gasped. "Oh, Sebastian, god you feel good," she said. 

She tried to take him back into mouth, but she was about to have an orgasm and was having a hard time breathing, her breaths coming faster and faster. 

His tongue was like a magical weapon, caring her higher and higher as he went. He found the nub and began to suck on it. Using one of his fingers, he gently pushed into her. She was so wet and tight, then he used two and began to use both his hand and his tongue to make love to her. Tonight was going to be the best for both of them. 

"Do you want me?" she asked, "Do you want to be inside me?" "Yes, you know I do, but not yet, I want you to come for me. I want to taste you." He said and then bite her ass. 

"Roll over on your back, I want to see your face when you come, I want to see you." 

Never taking his fingers from her, she gently rolled over. Keeping his fingers moving he took one of her breasts into his mouth, gently suckling the nipples. Not wanting the other to feel left out, he suckled that one too. Trailing a stream of kisses down her body, his mouth found her again. 

As soon as she felt his warm breath on her, the spasm hit her. She was coming harder than she ever had and he was the reason. He removed his fingers and settled himself between her open legs.

"Are you ready for me? Is this what you want?" He asked, just barley letting the tip enter her, teasing her, making her even wetter. 

"Yes, yes, I want you. I want all of you inside me." 

"Are you sure?" he teased just letting her have a little more. "God, Kristen, you are so tight." 

"Please, please Sebastian, I need you, all of you." 

Hearing her beg, did him in, he let her have all of him, sheathing himself in the next best thing to heaven. He began to thrust himself in her, slowly at first, almost coming completely out of her. Then he would sheath all of himself again.

Her breathing was getting heavier and heavier. She was getting ready to come for him again. 

He grabbed her wrists forcing her to sit up. Without taking himself out of her, he leaned back on the bed so that she was sitting on top of him.

"I want to be able to see you come, I want you to ride me and make yourself come." 

He began to knead both her breasts as she rode him. Within minutes she was there. He could feel the muscles contracting all around him. His hands moved to her hips to hold her there. 

He sank as deep as he could into her as they both reached their own orgasms. 

Fully sated, she collapsed on top of him. 

Once she was able to move, she rolled off of him and laid her head on his chest. His hands were gently running up and down the length of her back. Neither one could speak. His hands never stopping, he kissed the top of her head, and the both fell asleep.