 **Hi, Readers! I had a lot of success with "The Christening of the Fire Engine," and writing from the man's point of view. Thank you so much for that and all the great feedback from it! I decided to give it another try from the man's point of view with this story. WARNING: This story has a strong Pagan theme.**

*

The full moon shone down on the small clearing behind our house. The gently rushing and tumbling of the creek added to the serene moment. I sat, cross legged, in my kilt in the soft grass. The true tartan weight kept me almost too warm! The sword at my side gleamed in the moonbeams. I rolled up the sleeves of the white V-neck tee shirt. My wife loved my biceps. In her eyes, they were perfect.

My heart raced a bit as I heard soft footsteps behind me. I glanced over my shoulder and smiled at her. She was breathtakingly beautiful. The full moon created almost a halo around her long blond hair. It flowed around her shoulders. Her hazel eyes narrowed with a smile as she curled her luscious pink lips.

Her silver pentagram hung just above her supple 36C breasts. They were very lovely looking in the plunging V-neck of her Renaissance style gown. Black stain ribbons laced up the front of the bodice of the gown. It was royal purple with a velvet black overlay. It flattered her curvy, size 14 hips. She almost appeared to be floating towards me.

I got on my knees and faced her as she caressed my face, feeling my day old stubble. I smiled up at her and said, "My Goddess, your beauty is breath taking and has brought me to my knees." She grinned and giggled, causing her button nose to crinkle all cute like.

Suddenly, she put her hand to her forehead and gasped slightly. "Oh! How could I forget my crown?"

I softly squeezed her hand. "Do not worry. I have an offering for my Moon Goddess," I commented as I handed her a white box of medium size. Her slender fingers loosened the white and silver ribbons to open her gift. I smiled in anticipation of seeing her reaction.

She gasped as she pulled the contents out: a crown of fresh flowers. White and silver roses were weaved by the florist into a circle with baby blue carnations between each rose bud. Baby's Breath sprigs were the perfect accent. Long silver ribbons flowed from the back and would swirl around her hips. She could barely speak, but managed to say, "Oh, this is so beautiful, Patrick."

"If I may be deemed worthy, Goddess, may I rise and place this crown upon your head?" I asked.

She nodded as sh handed me the crown. I stood and placed the crown of flowers on her. I tied the ribbons in a bow, fitting the crown to her head. Before I could react, she turned and kissed my lips, looking deeply into my Emerald Isle green eyes. "Thank you so much," she said.

"A small token, hopefully worth of my Goddess," I whispered close to her ear. her knees became a bit weak and I tightened my grip on her. I led her a few steps away to where her altar was; beautiful, hand laid stones form her place of worship to the Lord and Lady. I should know -- I laid it for her with my bare hands.

On the altar were two silver lit candles. A soft tapestry bearing a pentacle was draped over it. The moonbeams kissed us and the altar. I had orange scented incense lit. The smoke swirled around us. On the altar was a medium sized, cobalt blue glass bottle filled with sweet almond oil.

My wife leaned into me and kissed me hungrily. Her arms wrapped around my neck as she ran her fingers over my brush cut chestnut brown hair. I smiled as I felt her engagement diamond snagged a few strands. Her wedding ring felt chilly against the back of my neck. I slowly ran my hands down her back stopping just above her curvy ass.

I grinned as I felt her hands tug at the waistband of my kilt. She whispered between kisses, "How does this thing come off?"

I showed her how to take the sword off and unwrap the kilt. She gave me a funny look as the kilt hit the grass, revealing boxers. "What?" I asked, rhetorically with a small grin. She rolled her pool blue eyes and kissed me as she pulled my tee shirt off. Slowly, she ran her fingers down my chest, curling them through the slight hair on it. I love when she does that. An erection started to strain against my boxers.

She smiled slyly as she tugged at the black satin ribbons on the bodice of her purple and black gown. I caressed her shoulders and helped the gown from her body. A few moments later, she was standing naked in front of me, her body being kissed by the full moon.

"Goddess, your physical beauty is that of the Heavens. I'm not worthy to be in the presence of such beauty," I said as I looked at the grass.

She placed a finger under my chin and raised my head, "Oh, yes you are, Patrick," she whispered. A light breeze blew across the land, causing the ribbons on her crown to caress her hips. "Come with me," she said as she took the sweet almond oil off the altar. I knew what was next, so I slide my boxers off. My cock jumped at the sight of my wife naked. She smiled, "I'll fix that. It won't be cold for long." Playfully, she cupped it in her hands.

We held hands as we waded into the creek. The water was surprisingly warm. I took the bottle from her and pulled the cork out. I poured a small amount of the oil into my palms as she splashed the water over her supple body. Gently, I caressed her shoulders with the sweet almond oil. It smelled so good mixing with "her" smell.

The oil trickled down to her breasts. Quickly, I rubbed it into her breasts, caressing and cupping them. Lightly, i pinched her nipples. She was getting aroused. I put more oil into my palms and caressed her tummy. I slid my hands around to her lower back. A small moan escaped her lips. My cock jumped at the sound of it.

I traced my oily fingers over her bellybutton and down to her neatly trimmed pussy. I slid my index finger to her little button clit and began to rub it in circular motions. My wife's knees became weak and she leaned forward into me. I supported her with one arm, bringing her close to my chest. She rested her head against it. Her breathing increased as I could feel her warm breaths against my skin. "Does this please my Goddess?" I asked, lightly kissing the curve of her ear. She nodded. My wife enjoyed the feel for a few more moments before pulling away with a dreamy look in her eyes.

The white full moon reflected off the creek. It looked like something out of a perfect painting. I scooped the water into my cupped hands and let it drip over her body. It trailed over her sexy shoulders; over her supple 36C breasts and dripped off her pink, erect nipples. I scooped more water and trickled it over her tummy. I bent down and sensually chased the water with the tip of my tongue. The sweet almond oil tasted great.

My wife ran her fingers over my brush cut, chestnut brown hair. "Come back to shore with me," she said with a smile and her eyes frosted in ecstasy. "You're got your Goddess so hot and turned on."

I love my wife, but she's not very good at playing along with the proper dialect. Oh well. I followed her to shore. The long ribbons from her flower crown tickled her curvy ass. Oh, I so wanted to play with it!

She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the altar. Taking the lit candles, she commented, "We might want to set these someplace else. Long ribbons and flames ... just no." She grinned as I admired her ass while she bent over low at the waist (on purpose, I bet) to place the candles on some flat stones. The moon's beams were perfectly centered on her altar.

My wife sat on the altar and "come hither"-ed me with a seductive grin. I stepped between her legs and felt how silky smooth they were. She commented, almost in character, "I want you, my mortal warrior, to pleasure me."

I smiled with a raise of my eyebrow, "What does my Goddess wish of me?"

"Taste me," she said, with a slight blush to her porcelain cheeks.

I dropped to my knees as she lay back on her altar. She looked so beautiful in the moonlight. Gently, I licked her shaved pussy lips. She was already dripping wet, her sweet nectar slicking her inner thighs. She tasted delicious -- almost like a little cherry pie: a bit tart and sweet at the same time. The tip of my tongue found her button clit, very sensitive to my licks. Her whole body shuddered at the feel of my tongue. A moan escaped her lips. She spread her legs wider as she draped them over my shoulders. her slender fingers even spread her pussy lips apart for me. My cock got so much harder. I loved when she touched herself like that for me.

My tongue probed her sweet opening. She mewed, "Oh, yes, baby. I love how you lick me like this." Slowly, I ran the tip of my tongue from her opening to her clit. her pussy was so warm and inviting. I teased her clit as I slid my middle finger into her, slowly, stretching her out. Another groan escaped her lips.

"I want your cock, baby! Please now!" she said, almost primal.

Not wanting to keep my Goddess waiting, I stood. Slowly, I inserted my rock hard rock into her. The rush of warmth and wetness was almost overwhelming. My wife pulled me hips to hers. She cried out in ecstasy as the full length of my shaft entered her pussy. this is the fastest we've ever moved into sex.

She was dripped wet and I couldn't help but begin pounding into her. The skin-on-skin contact was amazing. We've been married for five years and had used condoms 90% of the time. Feeling her sweet juices soak my cock and her warm, velvety pussy was mind-numbing. It was so tight inside her. She cried out, "Oh, fuck me! Yes!"

That's all I needed to heard as I lifted her shapely legs up and to her chest. It opened her up a bit more allowing me a little more access. As I pounded my cock into her, her 36C breasts bounced; my favorite sight to see ... next to her masturbating for me.

Our eyes locked in the moonlight. I slid my hand to where we were joined and I rubbed her clit. Her moans were loud and primal. I loved making my wife react that way. I rubbed faster. I could feel her muscles twitch and she arched her hips.

Suddenly, I felt a warm rush over my throbbing cock. My wife came with such force, her pussy almost pushed my cock out! The friction felt so good! I pounded against her orgasm, still rubbing her clit. She spread her legs wider as the orgasm completely took her over. I felt my cock swell and finally release deep inside her pussy. "Oh! That feels SO good!" she cried. Pump after pump, I released my load. It seemed like an hour until I was spent.

Slowly, I withdrew my softening cock from her. She lay, sprawled on the altar with her cheeks flushed. She smiled at me as I pulled her to her feet. Her knees were a bit weak. I held her to my chest as I bundled her in the tapestry, the pentacle across her back.

We hugged tightly as we looked at the white full moon in the cloudless sky. "Look how full it is," she commented.

I smiled as I inhaled the sweet scent of her flower crown. "Hopefully like your womb, Goddess," I said as I tenderly kissed her forehead.

She nuzzled under my chin. "A child conceived by the light of a full moon ..." her voice trailed off.

I hugged her tightly and said, "Hopefully, babe. Hopefully tonight was the night."

"What do you want? Boy or girl?"

"As long as the baby's healthy, " I smiled. "You're going to be so beautiful when you're pregnant; your womb full like to moon, ready to bring our child into this world." A tear ran down her face as she smiled. I kissed the tear away and I assured her, "No matter what, you'll ALWAYS be my sexy Goddess."