 I was horny. Let's just be honest about that right now. I thought about cock a dozen times throughout the day. I would pass men in the street and imagine what their strong hands would feel like pressed against my body. I would watch them as they walked, or talked, or laughed, or casually lived their life doing a thousand different little things during the day that they figured no one ever noticed. But I noticed. I always noticed. And I always wondered if they knew just how sexy they were by default of being men.

I had had several girl on girl encounters in my past, but nothing quite satisfied like a big hard cock. I loved to feel it grow in my hand, or taste it as it painted the canvas of my tongue, slippery, salty or sweet. I loved to hear a man's gruff voice as he hoarsely instructed (i.e. begged) me to give him the pleasure only I could. 

I loved to hear him lose himself to primal grunts and moans, until he couldn't even speak.

The only thing he knew in the world was how his cock drove into my throat, or squeezed into my tight pussy.

God, is there anything better?

There were times I wouldn't hold a man's gaze when we spoke. I feared he'd see through the casual chit chat as a place holder for what I really wanted to be doing: getting fucked hard and proper like any sex goddess should.

(Seriously. I think about it *all* the time.)

In-laws, old friends, good friends with girlfriends I loved like sisters... it didn't matter. I needed dick and I needed it bad. And everyone was mine to be had at one point or another. I just had to want you bad enough.

And lately, I had wanted nearly all of you. It was something that a friend of mine sniffed out one chilly afternoon in late December.

I should probably also explain that my friend is just as consistently horny as I had become. I had seen him on the prowl, although our libidos never quite aligned. He sang about strange and he joked about polyamory, but so far I had remained right dead center of the friend zone.

Perhaps that was why he felt comfortable bringing up such a sensitive subject, and of course he did it with all the grace and subtly I had come to expect from my Libra.

"Wow. You really need to get fucked."

My head whipped around to stare at him. "What did you say?"

"Seriously. I thought you were going to pounce the waiter just then. Jesus, how long has it been?"

"What year is it?" I pondered with a crinkled brow.

"Like I said, you really need to get fucked."

"Tell me something I don't know," I said with a roll of my eyes. "Since I hit my 40s, I've been a raging hormone."

He toasted me with a glass of tea. "You should embrace it. Go crazy. Fuck every guy in sight if you want."

"Been there, done that. Most of the time it's not worth the trouble."

Oh, but to have a hard, throbbing cock in my hand... like, right now...

"What you need is a plan," he informed me. He flipped over a paper mat and gave me a pen. "Write down all the names of your fantasy men. Who would you fuck if you knew they wouldn't say no?"

I filled the list before he finished speaking. His eyebrow arched. "You really believe in the A-list, don't you?" I shrugged with a grin.

"I tell you what," he said as he folded the list and put it in the pocket of his leather riding jacket. "I'm going to help you. We'll make it a project." He thought about it for a moment before he blurted out, "Twelve months, twelve signs... one solid year of fucking. Let's plot it by the stars."

"What are you talking about?"

He bent closer. "Every month, I'll set you up with someone on your list here. You'll use what you can research about seducing said astrological sign of the month, and land your dream guy. Or girl. Whichever. One hot night of pure, guilt-free fucking. By the end of the year, you'll be a changed woman."

I would love to say that I forgot my Libran's plan and never gave it a second thought after we parted ways that afternoon. Fact was that I was online the rest of the night to ensure I had plenty of options, just in case I needed relief pitchers. I sent my Libran email after email, and only started to panic when he fell out of touch for a week. I didn't hear from him again until he pulled up to my apartment on his motorcycle, ready to escort me to an industry party for the new year.

I barely had time to throw on some makeup or change into something appropriately sexy before he was pulling me right out the door and positioned me on the back of his bike.

Less than an hour later, we came to a stop in front of huge beachfront house in Malibu. "You ready?" my Libran asked with a grin.

"Yes," I said as I shook my head 'no.' 

With a chuckle, he pulled me inside and we proceeded to rub elbows with some of entertainment's biggest names. However, only one Capricorn from my list was present, a bad-ass zombie killer from a hit TV show.

My Libran swatted me on the ass and sent me on my way. "Go get 'im, tiger. I mean – cougar."

Did he really expect me to go talk to this guy? I was nervous as hell as I hovered just as the fringe of his circle. Other girls tried to cozy up to him, but he would gently disentangle himself before extricating from the situation entirely. By the time I finally caught up with him, he was out on the terrace overlooking the ocean.

"Some people, huh?" I said as I leaned over the railing.

He nodded as he lit up a cigarette. He didn't invite more conversation, but he didn't walk away either.

"You in the biz?" he asked as he studied me.

"Not yet," I said. "Aspiring screenwriter and all that."

"Right on," he said as he took another long drag from his cigarette. "I suppose you have some lofty resolutions."

I shook my head with a smile. "I don't do resolutions. Those work like wishes. You entertain them, but you're not very serious about them, so it's no big deal if they fall through. Me? I want a plan."

He arched one eyebrow as he listened. "What's your plan? Sell a screenplay for six figures?"

I laughed. "That's on the list of course. My bigger focus is to write the damn things, as many as I can crank out, to keep things well within my control."

"I dig that," he said as he snuffed the cigarette out on the railing. "So what other plans do you have?"

I glanced behind us, to make sure no one could hear. "I'll tell you, but you have to promise not to laugh."

He crossed his heart and hoped to die.

I leaned in a little closer. "I'm supposed to fuck 12 people this year."

"At the same time?" he teased with a chuckle.

I nudged his shoulder. "You said you wouldn't laugh."

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he said as he leaned onto the railing. I mirrored his stance. "Why 12?"

"One for every month. One for every star sign. Seriously. Fucking another Scorpio is on my bucket list."

"Well, I'm not a Scorpio," he informed me.

"What are you?" I asked all innocent-like, and then I cut him off before he could answer. "Wait. Lemme guess." I used the opportunity to glance over his hair, his eyes and his body. He wore a black, button-up shirt and black jeans. His tie was skinny and red, and his dirty blond hair was stylishly unkempt. The jeans clung to his powerful legs like a second skin, and his biker boots made him even taller (and considerably more badass) as he stood against the rail. I shrugged. "Guess it's hard to tell just by looking."

He leaned a little closer. "Maybe there are other tests," he offered. Think you can tell a star sign just by their kiss?"

My heart skipped a beat as I focused on his intense gaze. "I'm willing to give it a shot."

"Well, come here, then," he said in a gruff voice as he pulled me up against that lean body. He held me firm before he closed the inch remaining between our mouths. He teased me by toying with my lips, withholding the passion of his kiss by refusing to deepen it. But his arms held me firm in a sexy lockdown against his chest. I tried to rim his lips with my tongue but he moved just slightly out of range.

"Patience," he said.

"Capricorn," I whispered.

His eyebrow rose. "That's pretty impressive. What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?" 

I grinned. "Let's get out of here and find out."

He practically growled in response as he set me back on my feet. He grabbed me by the arm and tugged me down the terrace and into the sand. We didn't stop walking until we passed the perimeter of light around the beach, walking instead as far into the darkness as possible until we could barely see our hands in front of our faces. He toppled onto the sand and took me with him.

"I've never done this," he said as he guided my hips across his so that I straddled him there in the sand.

"Neither have I," I replied as I wriggled out of my sweater. The cool ocean air hit my bare skin like a blast from an air conditioner. My nipples immediately hardened, which was too much for him to resist. He took one in his mouth and rolled the other between two fingers. I gasped into the night air, and I felt his hardening cock jump between us.

He spun me around to pin me onto the sand. My hands found the fastener on his jeans, which I easily released. I unzipped him slowly and he pressed his hips toward my hand. "Touch it," was his rough command.

"Patience," I said with an evil grin. He growled in frustration as he kicked his jeans free. Like the cougar I was, I pushed him backward onto his back and stalked up his body like a cat on the prowl. He was scruffy and sexy as his hair swept across his face. He moaned with appreciation as I trailed my tongue along his chest and down his taunt tummy.

His cock reached for my mouth the closer I got. I watched it jump against his stomach, and I moaned in my throat as I closed my tiny hand over that rigid shaft. He gasped and wound his hand in my hair, trying to guide my mouth where he wanted it to go.

"Suck it," he begged hoarsely.

"Like this?" I asked innocently as I swallowed his cock in one fluid movement. He cried out loud as I sucked him off powerfully. Just as quickly I stopped and looked up at him. "Like that?"

He was done dicking around. He grabbed me close and sank his tongue in my mouth, as his hands slid down the back of my slacks to cup both ass cheeks in his hands. I grabbed two fistfuls of hair as I returned each kiss. He tore at my pants until they slid down my body. He pushed me down on all fours. He bent down to blow cool air against my pussy, which only made me hotter.

"What do you think of your Capricorn fuck so far?" he asked.

"Needs more fucking," I said as I wiggled my ass. "With a rock hard cock!"

He easily slid a finger inside, and my whole insides grasped it deeper. "Oh yeah," he sighed as he fingered me. "You like a big hard dick, don't you?"

"I love it," I purred. "I love being fucked."

He easily thrust himself inside of me with one decisive stroke. I gasped as that thick meat filled me. "God, yes,"

He grabbed a handful of hair and pulled me against his chest. "You like that?" he whispered in my ear.

"I love it," I panted as I ground myself onto him to fully impale myself. He tweaked my nipples as he pumped himself into me, rendering me incoherent with what his cock was doing to me. I grunted against him and he thrust me forward so that he could grab my hips for leverage.

He thrust harder and faster until I was screaming under him. The sound was lost by the fireworks that now exploded above us.

He leaned down to nuzzle my ear. "Happy New Year."

"It is so far," I grinned. "A New Year's Fucking is so much hotter than a kiss."

His mouth covered mine to prove me wrong. When he slipped a hand in between us to tease my clit, I came instantly around his delicious cock, my scream lost in his mouth.

"Come for me, baby girl," he urged as he fucked me toward my next orgasm. His fingers were relentless. I could barely breathe as he slapped my ass with conviction. I could feel him swell within me as he rode me almost maniacally toward his explosive climax. I clutched him tight within my pussy walls to milk him of that cum. 

I wanted it all. The beast had awakened and I was ready to fuck my way from New Year to New Year.

That night, after I returned home, rubbed raw and fucked proper, my Libran called me to find out how it went. I spared no dirty detail. By the time I reached the climax, I wanted to come again. I could tell by the tremor in his voice that he felt the same.

"Next up, Pieces," he declared softly. "I have a big surprise for you. If you can take it," he added.

"I can take anything," I promised. 

He chuckled. "Sweet Capricorn dreams, you horny little vixen," he said with a smile I could hear over the phone. "But think of me when you come."

I sucked in a breath. Before I could ask what he meant, he disconnected the call. Afterwards, I quickly rubbed off thinking of my horny Libran. I wanted his cock most of all... but would my year of sexual awakening allow me to satisfy my truest desire?

Only time will tell.

See you in February for our next adventure.