 The alarm rudely yanked me into consciousness and excerpts of the night came flooding back. Michael and I ruthlessly fighting, restless sleep, dreams of intensely electrifying sex, and... Dustin? Was that a dream too? Without thinking my tongue ran across my full lips. Had I really tasted him? The recollection of his bittersweet cum caused the blood in my veins to pound. An onslaught of tangled emotions coursed through me: disbelief, fear, anger, embarrassment. I felt like I'd been kicked in the gut; the bitter taste of bile rose in the back of my throat and I gagged; rushing to the bathroom, I wretched up the acidic contents of my empty stomach. It burned my throat and left an acrid taste in my mouth. I flushed the toilet and used trembling hands to turn on the shower. Stepping under the cool water I breathed deeply trying to reign in my chaotic emotions. I didn't have time for an emotional crisis; I had to work in an hour.

The clock read 6:23am when I emerged from the bathroom. Damn it! I was already running behind. Hastily, I pulled on a plain white thong and matching bra. I towel dried my blonde tresses and ran a brush through them before pulling the strands up into a wet, but neatly pinned bun. A white, long sleeve, cotton tee was paired with a pair of deep maroon scrubs. The outfit was completed with white socks and shoes. I brushed my teeth and met my reflection in the mirror. My green eyes looked shaken until I angrily scowled at myself. A quick application of mascara and lip-gloss and then I was out the door. As I climbed into my car I could still taste the foul pungency of my vomit over the minty taste of Crest. Not the best way to start the day. The clock read 6:36am.

Thankfully the first 8hrs of my shift were insanely busy. Several new admits to the unit and one discharge left me with no time to think about anything but work. At 3:15pm I headed down to the cafeteria for coffee and something other than vending machine fare. I grabbed a fairly decent looking salad topped with ripe tomatoes, bacon crumbles, croutons and blue cheese. That combined with piping hot coffee and the ability to sit down for a minute lead to a moment of relaxation, which lead my mind ponder questions about my night. What had Dustin been doing at my house? How long had he been there? How did he get in? Why did he leave without talking to me? What was going on!? Why, how, what? I had no answers, only questions. To my surprise as I thought about the night's events a slow desire uncurled deep within me. Part of me wanted to finish what we had started. I guiltily stared into my coffee cup. That was horrible of me to feel; it was incredibly unfair to Michael. Thinking about him brought back our argument.

"Liz...hello, earth to Liz!"

I was snapped from my reverie and looked up to find the offending voice. It was Janet, a peppy nurse from pediatrics. Her honest, blue eyes twinkled down at me from within a halo of cropped brunette hair. She was one of those adorable girls that you knew had been a cheerleader in high school. I had worked with her for nearly two years before transferring to the NICU. "Hey Janet, sorry, I didn't see you."

"I could tell! You looked like you were thinking of something other than work too!" She sat down next to me, her cafeteria tray full of pizza, yogurt and a carton of orange juice.

I laughed at her, "I'll never understand how you can eat that array of tastes in one sitting -- let alone all those carbs without gaining weight!"

She rolled her eyes at me, "Nice dodge. So how have you been?"

"Oh you know," I smiled as I said it and we both laughed. Responding with "You know" had always been our code word for great sex the night before; although, I wondered why I had answered that way in light of my night.

"Still seeing Michael?" Her blue eyes looked disapproving as she asked. I didn't understand her dislike for him.

"Of course," I said; "you're still with Greg?"

She beamed, "Engaged!" She pulled her necklace out from under her scrubs to show me the ring. We avoided gemmed rings in Pediatrics and the NICU due to scrubbing down all the time and the extra risk for bacteria.

"Oh my gosh!! Congrats!! When!? How come you didn't tell me!?"

She frowned, "I was going to. I haven't told anyone yet -- it was just this weekend. Our engagement party is Saturday -- say you'll come."

I nodded and hugged her. We spent several minutes catching up and eating our lunches. I glanced at the cafeteria clock; it read 3:42pm. "I have to get back to the floor, text me all the details and good for you girl! I'm so happy to hear the news."

I entered the stairwell and bounded up the stairs taking them two at a time. Since I was only 5'5" it was a bit of a stretch, but it felt good on my muscles and got the blood pumping through my veins again after sitting. The NICU was on the 3rd floor, just down the hall from Pediatrics. Along with Janet, I had also met Dustin when I worked in Pediatrics. Dr. Dustin Alexander. At 36yrs old, he was one of the most promising young doctors we had on staff. I tried to push him from my thoughts; he'd always been such a good friend so I didn't understand anything about last night. Reaching the 3rd floor door I pulled the handle to open it just as someone pushed it from the other side. The door connected with my cheek bone in a resounding thud. I winced and inhaled sharply.

"I'm so sorry, are you..." the familiar voice trailed off when our eyes connected. Dustin's golden brown eyes seemed to invade my soul. "Are you okay Liz?" His warm hand brushed my hands away so he could look at my cheek. His touch was soft and made me think about where his hands had been last night. I pulled back positive that my face was flushed with emotion.

"I'm fine, it was just an accident, no worries -- I'm running late though." I brushed past him, looking back momentarily wanting to say something, but unable to find the words. I ended up waving slightly in a wordless goodbye.

"Ice it or you'll bruise even more." His voice trailed after me.

The clock in my living room read 8:22pm when I walked through the door. Peeling off clothes as I headed to the bathroom I drew up a warm shower and climbed in. It had been an eternally long day. The last three hours of my shift had been busy. Most days were busy, that was why I loved my job -- no matter what I was busy learning and helping... healing even. The warm water cascaded down my face, over my shoulders, across my slender hips and then puddled slightly around my toes before spiraling down the drain. I let my tension flow away with the water. As I soaped up my body with vanilla shower gel I felt almost normal again. Then I washed my face and the pain from the bruise made everything feel surreal again. Still, I would have stayed all night in the shower except the steam had filled my small bathroom so much that I felt almost suffocated by it; so much for a decent bathroom fan. Reluctantly I turned off the water and toweled down. Still partially wet I pulled on my favorite bamboo robe. It was navy blue, and made out of thin material so it hugged every curve I had; clinging to my breasts and outlining my full nipples. I left my hair a tousled mess and headed to the kitchen.

The clock read 9:06pm. I glanced at my cell phone -- three missed calls and a text from Janet about her engagement party. The missed calls were all from Michael. I dialed his number.

"Hey..."he said an apology in his voice.

"I've had an incredibly long day..." I started, unsure of where to go with our conversation in light of our recent argument.

"Let me bring you dinner?"

"Michael, it's already so late."

"Please Liz."

I always had a difficult time saying no to him. "Okay, but you can't stay the night."

"Okay, be there shortly."

I placed my phone on the charger and went to get dressed. I pulled on a pair of comfy pink Calvin Kline boxers and a white Camisole. Feeling a bit of a chill across my shoulders I grabbed a cozy, black knit sweater and pulled it over top.

Michael entered the house with his key as I was brushing my semi-dry hair. The smell of Chinese invaded my nostrils. Broccoli beef; one of my favorites. The scent caused my stomach to grumble and I realized just how hungry I was. I met him in the kitchen and smiled seeing his dark black hair, broad shoulders and bronzed skin. He truly was so beautiful to look at. His deep brown eyes slid over me and I felt as if I'd been caressed.

"Geez Liz, what did you do to your face?" He closed the gap between us in one smooth stride.

"I'm fine, I just ran into a door."

His warm calloused hands cupped my face gently.

"Seriously, what happened?" 

He sounded annoyed, as if I wasn't telling him the truth. I brushed his hands away and crossed the kitchen to get plates.

"Honestly, I ran into a door. I was coming up the stairs heading onto the floor just as someone was opening the door out -- and it just connected."

"It looks horrible. Did you ice it?"

In my mind I heard Dustin's voice warning me to ice it or it would bruise even more. I shrugged, "I didn't have time, it wasn't life threatening and it will heal."

Michael stared intently at me, "I'll never understand how nurses take such great care of others and such horrible care of themselves."

I let the comment go, not feeling the energy to defend myself.

Reading my fatigue Michael guided me to the living room and handed me the remote. "Let me bring it to you, okay?"

I smiled, feeling cared for. "Thanks."

Flipping through the channels, I found nothing of interest, but left it on a show I knew Michael liked. He brought our plates and we ate in relative silence. After finishing our food and cleaning up the clock read 10:38pm. I led Michael to the door.

"I really appreciate you bringing dinner and just being here, but you can't stay. I really need to get some rest."

He pulled me to him. I relaxed and closed my eyes; my head resting on his firm chest. His fingers curled in my hair and stroked the nape of my neck. Desire curled through me and I sighed softly. I could just take him to my bedroom, let him ravage me, and then I would sleep well. But I couldn't, not with this unsettled argument between us. When I looked up his dark eyes were unreadable. I wondered if he was upset. His lips met mine in a crushing kiss and he pulled me harder against him. His tongue teasing mine until all my breath was gone. I clung to him, my arms roaming across his torso; my body crying out for more. He abruptly released me, his jaw tense and his eyes brooding. Then he left without a word. He was definitely upset.

I closed the door and looked at the living room clock. 10:42pm. My alarm was going to wake me up in 7hrs and I wasn't asleep yet. Where did the time go? I inspected my cheek while brushing my teeth. It was sore, and it did look horrible. Ugh. Maybe it was karma for having some kind of midnight affair with Dustin. Dustin... What was I supposed to do about him? At least I didn't work on the same unit as him anymore. I could simply avoid him until I could think of something. He was the one who owed me answers anyhow. What the hell was he doing at my house in the middle of the night? Crawling into bed I tossed and turned until a restless sleep found me.

***

Dustin watched from her backyard, yearning to go to her. Again the moonlight danced across her curves, making her appear as a porcelain doll with an otherworldly beauty. Her blonde tresses appeared almost silver in the opaque rays. Her lusciously full lips were illuminated appearing a deeper pink than they actually were. The swell of her breasts were highlighted in the silvery shadows. At work she wore a 34C bra and almost always had on matching sets under her concealing scrubs. He used to love trying to find a hint of color as she would bend over or searching for the sight of her bra strap as she moved. She dressed moderately and in layers usually, so it had been a sort of game for him. She tossed in her sleep, turning her face away from the window and him. He disliked not being able to watch her face, but enjoyed the view of her beautiful bottom. He knew he should leave and get some sleep himself, yet his footsteps led him to her patio door. It was unlocked again. He was at once thrilled and displeased to find it so. She shouldn't be so remiss in her concern for safety; he really would have to talk to her about locking it. Slowly he made his way to her bedroom.

Unable to resist touching her he ran his hand gently up her leg; his fingertips starting at her ankle, slowly slipping up the curve of her calf. When he reached her knee he used the entirety of his hand, his palm cupping the flesh of her thigh. She murmured a wordless approval and opened toward his touch like a flower blossoming. He appreciated the new view, her on her back, legs slightly parted. Visions of last night floated in his mind; she had pleased herself in a position very similar to this. The thought of her touching herself made his cock swell with blood and desire gripped him even more. He knew he shouldn't be there; he knew she was another's, but he couldn't stop himself. Slowly he pulled the sheets from her body and slid between her partially spread legs, nudging them wider. His fingers traced the sensitive skin of her inner thighs before sliding into her shorts.

The velvety folds of her vagina seemed to welcome his fingers as he traced the outline of her lips parting them slightly to find her clitoris. Using his thumb he applied gentle pressure, rubbing in a circular pattern; her hips tilted up towards his touch. The blood in his veins pumped feverishly, his lust for her building. He continued increasing his pace slightly, changing his pattern so he was rubbing gently across her flesh in a vertical fashion. Her body responded to him, blood rushing to her clit causing it to swell and become more sensitive; her juices beginning to flow. His forefinger slipped between her lips searching for her wetness. He slid the tip inside her, marveling at her texture; so warm and soft. He could hear her breathing becoming irregular, the pace increasing. Plunging his finger fully inside her rewarded him with a gasp and the thrust of her hips. He searched her face for signs of alertness as he began to slide his finger in and out of her. The slippery wetness of her desire began to coat his finger. He continued driven by his irrational yearning for this woman.

He copied her techniques from the night before and brought his covered forefinger up to coat her clit with juices. She moaned softly, starting to rouse from sleep. Wanting to bring her to climax before she woke enough to stop him he slid two fingers into her, and continued the ministrations on her clit with his thumb. The smell of her was like a drug, heady and sweet. Again she moaned softly, her thighs clenching around him. Driving into her with his fingers, he was once again so lost in his desires that he didn't think to be gentle. As he brutally finger fucked her, she fully opened her eyes and looked down at him. He could read the confusion, the fear, and even a spark of anger in the luminous green globes, but it was instantly replaced with a burning desire. She bit down on her lip to quell an escaping moan; he continued his movements, their eyes still locked. Then she looked away, her hips bucking up toward his hand, a primal expression of release escaping her mouth. He reveled in the feel of her pussy pulsating around his fingers; her cum leaking hotly down around him onto his hand, her boxers, the sheets. His desire was fueled even more by the need to taste her. Gently he tugged on her boxers.

"Dustin?"

She was looking at him through half closed eyes; fear, confusion and desire all present in her voice.

"Liz, trust me."

***

His voice was soft and soothing, like a caress. I couldn't resist him; I didn't want to resist him. I did trust him, I had always trusted him. As he pulled my boxers off I closed my eyes, sensations still rolling through me from my climax. His tongue began by trailing up my inner thighs, licking each in turn. Then continued, slowly licking my labia clean. The heat seared into me, rekindling a fresh wave of lust. His lips wrapped around my clit to suckle gently, and then more forcefully. A load moan escaped me and I bit down on my lips -- stifling my oral response. 

"Don't," he whispered up to me in a husky voice filled with passion I'd never heard from him. "I want to hear every sound you make." 

I shook my head, no; unable to let go like that. His golden eyes glittered as his fingers once more drove deeply into me, then his lips wrapped around and suckled on my clit. He was like a master musician playing me like a grand piano. I grabbed the pillow from behind my head, clenching it with fists and biting it so as to stifle my sounds.

***

With slight frustration and amusement at her shyness he pulled the pillow away from her. Stopping his ministrations long enough to look her in the eyes. He spoke in a soft but commanding voice, "No Liz. Don't hide from me." Her emerald orbs displayed an expression that he could not read. He studied her face for a moment and then dove back between her legs; brutally thrusting two fingers deep inside her tight pussy. She cried out in surprise; then desire. As his lips once more wrapped around her clit -- she bucked, thrusting up to meet the rhythm of his fingers.

"Oh god," she murmured softly.

He continued, driving into her with his fingers, suckling her clit until she was crying out, unable to extinguish her expressions of pleasure. It didn't take long until she was quaking underneath him. However, he didn't stop. He wanted her not only to go over the edge and reach climax, but to fall over the edge into oblivion.

***

I lost all connection to what was real and what wasn't real. I could only feel him, his touch, and his lips; driving deeply inside me. I didn't think I could take anymore the intricate mix of pleasurable sensations reaching a peak nearing pain. "Please, please, please.... Oh god please..." I begged for release for what felt like an eternity. Sensation after wave of sensation building inside me -- and then he gave me release; thrusting deeply inside me, as deep as he could go, his fingertips rubbing my inner walls while his tongue flicked rapidly across my too sensitive clit. I felt like a firework that was exploding; tiny bursts of sensations exploded throughout my body; from the tips of my toes to the crown of my head. Pulling away from him I curled into the fetal position on my side, tremors wracking my body.

***

Dustin watched her, at once mesmerized by her reaction and satisfied that he could send her so far over the edge. His own physical need throbbed achingly in his pants. Pushing his desire aside he curled up to her, cradling her in his arms as she continued to ride the aftermath of her orgasm. To his surprise she turned in his arms burying her face in his chest, pressing her body against the length of his. He felt as if he'd become an addict. All it took was a touch and he needed more of her; tonight and every night.