 Glancing at the clock, I realize that I have plenty of time to finish powdering, primping and perfuming before Henry will be at my front door. I’ve allowed more time for my toilette than usual: a warm scented bath instead of the customary shower (which has the added benefit of perfuming the air), massaging my legs and arms with a generous amount of perfumed creme, a light dusting of scented talcum here and there along my skin (and over the cotton bed sheets), and a final spritz of Sung into the air which I let settle in my hair, on my shoulders, my back and my breasts. Not enough fragrance to create my own atmosphere, just enough to last through the evening–and transfer to my lover’s clothing. 

Makeup and hair are finished. I’ll only need a moment to slip into my dress. (I hate getting dressed up and then having to sit around and wait, trying not to get wrinkled.) Tonight is the formal dance for the hapless eighth grade students whose mothers enrolled them in ballroom dance lessons. Eight weeks of foxtrot, waltz, cha-cha, swing and rumba. Twelve hours of learning the box step, listening to “Blue Danube” and “Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom Time.” Two months of after school dance lessons on Monday afternoon, 37 girls and 14 boys shuffling their feet in the large assembly room while “Mr. Pierre,” the owner of the local Fred Astaire Ballroom Dance Academy (“Let Us Show You the Astaire Way to Dance Success”), counts out the rhythm by loudly stamping the heel of his right foot in time to the music. Since, technically, it’s a school dance, a certain number of the faculty is required to be present and Henry, the eight-grade counselor, has graciously allowed himself to be pressed into service as a chaperone. And since I can rarely bring myself to tell him “no,” here I sit, looking forward to the evening ahead. 

I hear the car’s engine as he pulls into the courtyard to park; I slide into my dress and shoes and walk toward the front door to greet him. I open the door in response to Henry’s quiet knock and stand back, looking at him admiringly as he steps into the foyer. 

“May I just say . . . wow!” I exclaim as I take him in. The new suit he bought last weekend fits perfectly–the jacket highlights his broad shoulders and the pleated trousers accentuate both his trim waist and the curve of his ass. 

“Mmm. You look good, you smell good, I could just eat you up,” I say teasingly. 

“Maybe later, baby, maybe later,” Henry responds, looking at me appraisingly. “Um, Lauren, I hate to tell you this, but as much as I like your dress, you can’t wear it tonight.”  “But why not, Henry?” I protest halfheartedly. 

“Because we’re chaperoning a school dance, not hitting the clubs in Las Vegas. Didn’t I tell you that the girls have a dress code for tonight? The chaperones are expected to set an example. If you wear that dress, you’ll be giving the boys an advanced education. Don’t you have something that shows less cleavage and covers your shoulders?”

“Well, yeah, I guess so,” I say quietly, turning my back to him. “Unzip me, please?” 

“Thanks, honey, and I’m sorry,” he responds. “We’ll go out to dinner next weekend and you can wear this dress for me then, okay?”

“Okay,” I nod. I feel him pull the zipper down and I make no attempt to catch the dress as it slides off of me. Stepping out of the circle of fabric, my back still to him, I bend over from the waist to pick it up. Taking a few more steps away, I turn to face Henry, saying, “It’ll take me just a minute to find something else. Are you thirsty? There’s some bottled water in the fridge.” Knowing that he’s now had a long moment to study the strapless black bustier, the french-cut lace trimmed panties, the garter belt and the seamed black stockings, I saunter back toward the bedroom to put on the dress I’d really planned to wear. 

“Jesus Christ, Lauren, I’d like to fuck you right here, right now,” I hear him mutter. 

“Oh, but we can’t sweetie. Can’t be late for the dance, can we?” 

I hang up the first dress and quickly slide into a second one: a short-sleeved wraparound dress of midnight blue silk jersey. In less than a minute I reappear. 

“Oh, by the way, I’ve got a little something for you,” I announce as I walk toward the refrigerator. I take out the yellow rose, tied with a small black and green bow. I fasten it to his lapel, sliding the pin through the buttonhole. 

“What a coincidence, I’ve got something for you, too,” he responds, holding out a small clear plastic box. 

“Thank you, Henry. I haven’t had a corsage since high school,” I smile, opening the box. I hear his soft chuckle as I find the second item just below the flowers. 

“Henry, what’s this?” I ask, holding up the small pink phallic shaped cylinder. Flanged at the base with a ring at the end, I know what it is, I’m just surprised to receive a butt plug in tandem with a corsage. 

“Just a little something I want you to wear for me tonight, Lauren,” he responds, bending me over the back of the sofa. I feel the back of my skirt being pulled up, my panties being pulled down, and the cylinder sliding between the lips of my pussy. “Jesus, Lauren, you’re already soaking wet. I’m going to lube this up with your honey, then I’m going to slide it up your ass. You’ll wear it all night, just for me, won’t you baby?” he whispers in my ear. 

And because I can almost never say “no” to my lover, I nod as I feel the tip of the butt plug pressing against my rosebud. My back passage opens with the slight pressure, and Henry’s gift slides home.

“All night, Henry?” 

“Yes, Lauren, all night.”  

Helping me to my feet and straightening my skirt, he slides the corsage over my left wrist. Offering me his arm, he walks me out of my apartment and downstairs to his car, opening the passenger’s door for me like the perfect gentleman he is. 

Heading toward the freeway, I fidget in my seat from the burning sensation caused by the butt plug. 

“You’re going to have to relax, baby. You can’t squirm around like that tonight unless you want to attract a lot of attention. Besides, you’ve had bigger things up your ass, haven’t you?” 

“I know, but I can’t help feeling self-conscious. It’s going to be a long night, tonight.” 

“If we’re lucky.” 

The drive is uneventful, and we make good time. We’re among the first to arrive. Henry greets the principal, one of the other counselors and a couple of teachers. Some of the students have noticed our arrival and are clearly amused to see the faculty members dressed up and with dates or spouses. Henry responds graciously to the numerous greetings from students. 

“Hi Mr. Cooke!” 

“Mr. Cooke, hi!” 

“Are you going to dance, Mr. Cooke?” 

An affirmative response prompts fits of muffled giggles. Middle school students have almost as hard a time picturing their teachers as human beings as they do imagining their parents having sex. 

The DJ has set up his equipment and conducts a brief sound check. Strains of Henry Mancini’s “Theme from a Summer Place” fill the room. 

And nobody’s dancing. 

Ten boys and 22 girls line the walls of the assembly room, each looking down at the floor as if to memorize the pattern of the linoleum tile. 

“Somebody’s got to get this party started,” Henry says quietly. “Care to dance, Lauren?”

“I thought you’d never ask,” I reply, smiling. 

Taking my hand, Henry walks me out onto the floor. My left hand on his right shoulder, my right hand in his left, we pause for a long second and then he leads me in a waltz. We both smile as the assorted students take note. (“Look, Mr. Cooke’s dancing! And he’s pretty good, too!”)

Some of the other adults join us on the floor, followed more slowly by a few student “couples.” The song ends and is immediately followed by a few songs that have been played during the Monday afternoon dance lessons. The familiar melodies seem to bolster the courage of some more pupils, who gamely walk out onto the floor. 

More students (and their parents) have arrived, but a lot of the kids are still holding up the walls. 

“You don’t mind if I dance with some of these young ladies, do you, baby?” 

“No, in fact I was just thinking the same thing. Do you suppose it would be all right if I asked a couple of the boys to dance?” 

“Absolutely, as long as you keep them at arms’ length. Raging hormones, you know.” 

“I’ll keep that in mind,” I say, staring pointedly at Henry’s crotch. 

I help myself to a glass of punch as I watch Henry ask one of the “single” girls to dance. I smile to myself as I hear him apologize that he might dance a little differently than what was taught in class. His new partner giggles and says she won’t mind. 

Sipping the punch (I swear it’s the same brand that was around when I was in middle school), I notice one of the few young gentlemen in attendance hesitantly approach a couple of girls who have their heads together. Words are exchanged, and one of the girls vigorously shakes her head. Shoulders dropping, the boy walks away. Unaware that they can be heard (or maybe not) I hear a sharply whispered “As if!” A pained look crosses the boy’s face and is quickly replaced by a studiously blank expression. 

I wait for a moment and then, setting my cup down, I walk in the boy’s direction. 

“Hello,” I say quietly. 

“Uh, hi,” says the boy. 

“I’m Miss Frazier,” I say by way of introduction. “I’m a friend of Mr. Cooke’s.”

“Oh.” 

“What’s your name?” 

“Jeff.” 

“Oh, you’re Jeff? I heard someone say that you’re a very good dancer. In fact, a few people think that you might win one of the dance contests tonight. I was wondering, would you like to dance?” 

“With you?”

“Well, yes, if you wouldn’t mind.” 

“Well, uh, yeah, okay.” 

The DJ is playing “Moonlight Serenade” by the Glenn Miller Orchestra. I hear a few comments from two or three students about this being the music from Tom Hanks’ make out dance in Big. Surprisingly, my partner can execute a mean box step and only steps on my toes twice. As the song ends, I thank Jeff and ask him if maybe we can dance again later in the evening. He graciously responds with another “Well, uh, yeah, okay.” 

I look around for Henry and notice that he’s now dancing with the principal. There’s a tap on my shoulder, and I turn to face a man who introduces himself as Edward, the father of one of the girls in attendance, and asks if I’d like to dance. 

My new partner and I chat idly; he’s a proficient dancer and is surprised when I suddenly gasp and jump. 

“I’m so sorry. Did I step on your toes?”

“No, no, not at all. I’m just not used to these shoes,” I respond. I can’t tell him that the reason I jumped is because the butt plug that’s imbedded in my ass has started to vibrate. Trying to look casual, I scan the room for Henry. He and the principal are still dancing; our eyes meet and he smiles wickedly; I see him holding something in his right hand. He manipulates the object, and the vibration in my back passage grows more pronounced until my pleading look convinces him to turn it back down. 


The song is endless. I continue dancing with Edward, all the while acutely aware of the buzzing in my backside; my clit has started to throb as well, every step I take is bringing me that much closer to cumming. The fact that the vibrations of the butt plug occasionally increase adds to my predicament. Finally, blessedly, the song ends. Edward thanks me for the dance; I hastily excuse myself, too far gone to care about giving offense. 

My pussy on fire, I practically run to the Ladies’ room. It’s crowded with the predictable gaggle of ‘tween-age girls, preening, giggling, gossiping. They take no notice of me, some random chaperone. I claim one of the stalls, close the door, pull my skirt up, my panties down and begin working my clit frantically. Relief is almost immediate. Cunt churning, my orgasm washes over me as my fingers slide in and out of my pussy. I can feel the butt plug moving in my ass as my sphincter grips it rhythmically. My body shudders once, twice, and then a third time. Not wanting to attract any attention from the students, I’ve had to control my breathing, clenching my teeth to keep from making any noise. 

Jesus, my cunt is soaking wet. I reach for the toilet paper, then reconsider. Pulling my panties off, I use the black silk to clean my pussy and the inside of my thighs as well as I can. Not surprisingly, the crotch is already soaked, but I make do with the rest of the garment. Smiling to myself, I fold the honey-soaked garment into a small triangle and tuck it into my cleavage, making sure that it’s hidden from view.

Finally, I emerge from the stall and leave the bathroom. The eight-grade girls are still fidgeting with their dresses and fluffing their hair, completely unaware that I’ve just had a full-blown orgasm four feet away from them. 

As I return to the dance floor, I scan the room and find Henry talking with a small group of adults. I join them just as the music starts again. 

“I do believe they’re playing our song,” I murmur in his ear. 

“Well, we’d better not waste any time,” he says, taking my hand and leading me to the dance floor once again. 

It’s a slow song and Henry pulls me into his arms, but not as closely as he normally would (we have to maintain a sense of decorum, after all). I relax against him slightly as he asks, “So how are you enjoying the dance so far?” 

“Mmm. I’m having a fine time, Mr. Cooke.” I respond, lightly brushing my still-moist fingers over his lips. 

“Is that what I think it is, Miss Frazier?” he asks, grinning as he licks his lips.

“That depends. What do you think it is?” 

“Tastes like your cunt, baby.” 

“You have a sensitive palate, my dear. So tell me, where did you find a vibrating butt plug, with a wireless remote, no less?” 

“Hey, you’re not the only one who engages in on-line retail therapy. Do you like your gift?” 

“Mmm-hmm, I do, I do. And I’ve got a little something for you, too,” I reply, pulling away slightly, sliding my fingers between my tits and removing the moist black silken triangle. 

“I noticed that you didn’t wear a handkerchief tonight,” I say, slipping the triangle into your coat pocket. 

Henry’s fingers move to touch the silk, grinning as he notices the moisture. “Why so damp, baby?”

“Maybe it’s because of that damned plug buzzing in my ass, or maybe because I just went into the ladies’ room and finger-fucked my cunt until I came. Or maybe for both reasons. What do you think?” 

“Maybe it’s because you’re thinking about how I’m going to fuck you after this dance is over,” he responds.

“Yeah, maybe that’s it,” I agree, smiling up at my lover. 

The DJ announces a 15-minute intermission; Henry makes the rounds of the students (the group has expanded somewhat), gently teasing the boys about how well they clean up, asking a few of the girls who have not ventured out onto the floor to dance with him later. Slowly working the room, he’s maneuvered us to an unmarked door. Opening it, he leads me down a dimly lit hallway and ushers me through a second door marked “Men.” 

“We don’t have much time, baby,” he says as he motions for me to sit on one of the toilets, “I’m going to fuck your mouth.” 

“What? HERE?! NOW!?!” 

“Oh yeah, right here, right now. I can’t wait until this dance is over before I cum. I’d rather fuck you, but it’s too risky. Come on, Lauren, suck my cock. I’ve got such a load for you, baby. You’re going to have to swallow it all. You can’t let my suit get stained.” 

In seconds Henry has opened his fly and released his hard throbbing cock, holding it next to my mouth. 

And because I can rarely, if ever, tell him “no,” I cover the glistening cockhead with my lips and start sucking greedily. 

“Oh yeah baby, that’s it. Come on, Lauren, suck that cock. Suck it hard, oh yeah, just like that, baby.” 

Reaching into the bodice of my dress, he starts massaging my tits, running his thumbs over my nipples. 

“Suck it harder, Lauren, jerk me off into your mouth. Get ready to swallow the load I’m going to give you.” 

I moan around Henry’s cock, urging him to cum. 

“You ready, baby? Ready to swallow my jism?” 

Looking up, I nod, unable to speak. 

“Okay, okay, I’m gonna cum, Lauren. Get ready to swallow. Here it comes, Lauren. Aaaahhhhhhhh.” 

And my mouth is filled with Henry’s cream as he shoots, one, two, three, four times into my hungry mouth. His hands are on either side of my face and I swallow greedily, hungrily, as my lover’s seed spurts onto my tongue. As his orgasm subsides, I continue to hold his cock in my mouth, no longer sucking, no pressure, just providing an oral refuge for a brief moment until we regain our composure. 

And then he straightens up, tucking his cock away and zipping his fly. Henry takes my hand and pulls me from the toilet seat, kissing me in the process. 

Pausing for a moment, we both wash our hands and I freshen my lipstick. Taking my hand again, my lover leads me out of the Men’s room, down the hall and back into the dance. 

The rest of the dance passes quickly. Henry claims the dances promised by a few of his students; my earlier partner, Jeff, does in fact win a prize for “Best Foxtrot Couple,” and soon the DJ is playing the last song of the evening. 

We walk out to the parking lot with a few other couples, chatting about weekend plans. Henry opens the car door for me and whispers in my ear, “Pull your skirt up when you sit down, Lauren. I want your bare ass on the seat.” He stands just between the open door and the car, blocking the view. Blushing, I hike my skirt up so that my bare bottom is in contact with the upholstery. 

“Your skirt isn’t high enough. Pull it up around your waist. I want to be able to see your ass while I’m driving.” 

“Henry, are you crazy? Someone might see.” 

“No one else is going to pay any attention. Now pull your skirt all the way up around your waist.” 

Henry stands and watches as I comply. My skirt out of the way, my legs are on display, encased in the black seamed stockings. I watch my lover watching me, his eyes moving from my legs to my pussy, framed by the garter belt. He closes the car door, walks around to the driver’s side, and we’re off. 

“Spread your legs for me baby. I want to be able to see your cunt, too.” 

As I spread my legs, he reaches over with his right hand and cups my moist pussy, pressing his middle finger between the swollen lips. I don’t bother trying to suppress my groan as he removes his hand and licks his finger. 

Henry drives me home at a leisurely pace, the car stereo tuned to the local station that features smooth jazz. I notice that he’s chosen a different route back to my place; it’s more rural, with fewer houses along the way. It’s referred to as the Appaloosa Trail, a nod to the families who keep horses. After several minutes, he pulls the car to the shoulder of the road and turn the engine off. 

“Everything okay, babe? I ask. 

“No, Lauren. I was planning to fuck you again when we got back to your place, but I can’t wait that long. Get out of the car, baby. I’m going to take you right now, right here by the side of the road.” 

Even if I had wanted to, I don’t have time to protest. In about three seconds he’s moved from behind the wheel to my side of the car, opened the door and pulled me out. His hands find the belt of my dress and loosen it, allowing the dress to fall open from the front. Our arms encircle each other and our mouths meet for a hard, passionate kiss. 

I’m almost dizzy from wanting him. In a daze, I watch as he takes off his coat and spread it over the hood of his car; he then turns me around and pushes me over the hood, protected by the coat. I can feel the evening breeze against my bare ass as he flips my skirt up over my back. The car door is open; the dome light is shining like a beacon for anyone who might happen to drive by. Strains of Van Morrison’s “Moon Dance” float out of the open car door,
