 I stood there in the door way, leaning against the frame, watching you gaze out into the night. Quietly, I come up next to you and slip into your arms. You turned fully to me and held me as I pressed up against you, raising one leg and wrapping it around yours. Our bodies intertwined as we kissed. Tonight was our first night together as lovers. 

I took your hand and led you to the couch. As we sat down, facing each other, I watched the glow of the candles from around the room flicker on your handsome face. Our eyes locked and I wondered if you could see the spark of emotion that began to blaze in my heart, within my eyes. You reached over and took one of my small hands and raised it to your lips, kissing my knuckles. I could feel the heat rise to my cheeks as you kissed my hand with a hint of mischievousness in your warm brown eyes. With a sly grin, you turned my hand over and began laying feather light kisses on the inside of my wrist. I had no idea how fast my body would respond to such a simple gesture, yet I was suddenly aware of how hard my nipples had become as they brushed against the satin material of my night gown. 

Slowly, you started to kiss up my arm, never breaking our entrancing gaze. When you reached my shoulder, your kisses had become more deepened and you moved the thin strap off my shoulder. I tilted my head for you and played with the hair on the back of your neck, and lightly scratching your back with my nails. You removed the strap on my other shoulder and my night gown fell to my waist. You leaned back and admiringly looked at my perky breasts. Tenderly, you cupped them and brushed your thumbs over my nipples. You leaned over and kissed my breast, but never actually touched my nipples with your lips. You laid soft tender kisses all around the nipple, until I couldn't take it any longer and guided your head so you'd take one into your mouth. You chuckled a little at my impatience as you took one hardened nipple between your soft lips, kissing tenderly. 

Only a moment passed before you looked up at me with loving eyes, slipped your arm under my legs, and lifted me up. I wrapped my arms around your neck as we passionately kissed while you carried me to the bedroom. You laid me gingerly on the bed and stood to undress, while I removed my nightgown completely, then climbed into the bed next to me. 

With our bodies pressed close, our hands glided over each other's bodies. Your touch sending my senses afire. As each moment passed our passion grew higher and higher and I just had to have you inside me, needing only to be one with you. I gently nudged you onto your back and rolled with you, my hair draping down around your head as I kissed you lovingly. I pushed myself up, feeling your hardness wedged between you and my pussy. You reached up and cupped my breasts in your hands while I raised myself up and placed your hot pole at my opening. With one swift move, I lowered myself and had you completely buried inside my wetness. Oh, how I loved how wide your cock felt between my pussy lips. Without lifting up, I rocked forward and back on you, enjoying the feel of the head of your dick rubbing against my cervix, teasing my g spot. You placed your hands at my hips and lifted my body so you could see yourself slide in and out of my hot hole. Passion forcing you to move your hips, thrusting your long shaft deeper and deeper. My sighs of pleasure turned to screams of passion as I felt the beginning of my orgasm.

"Cum for me, Angel," you tell me with a little force in your voice. "Cum for me NOW!"

Just then, I felt my pussy burst with juices, drenching you. My body shuddered, my tits shook. I screamed out your name "OH GOD, RICK!" 

My head went back, my long hair brushing against your legs, and I felt another wave of the orgasm overtake me. My fingers pressed into your chest as I tried to get a grasp on reality. Never had I had an orgasm that felt so wonderful! I arched my back and continued rocking as you thrusted yourself up into me. 

Slowly, the shuddering began to subside. I slowed my pace, and looked into your eyes. Your smile caught me by surprise and I blushed slightly. 

"What?" I asked you.

"Angel, I never would have imagined how beautiful you would look while making love," you replied. 

I leaned down and kissed your cheek. With a glint in your eye you asked if we could change positions. I agreed and climbed off of you. Before you had a chance to tell me how you wanted it next, I leaned over and licked the head of your gorgeous cock. I'd never tasted my own juices, but something made me try. I was pleasantly surprised at the sweetness of it. You chuckled at my reaction and climbed off the bed. You had me get on my knees in front of you on the edge of the bed as you stood behind me. I looked back at you as you took hold of your massive dick and slipped it into my pussy. I just couldn't get enough of how full you made my pussy feel! I instantly had another orgasm just from feeling you inside me again. I could feel my pussy try to milk you, grabbing onto your shaft for all it was worth. You held still for a moment enjoying the sensations, and when I regained control, you started to move your hips. 

As you made love to me, you began to talk, telling me how everything felt to you. How you could feel the cool night air on your shaft as you pulled back, and how you could feel the hot moist softness of my sex as you pushed back in. My heart raced. Hearing you describe the sensations was really turning me on. My arms collapsed from under me and I had to rest my head on the bed. Your thrusting making my tits swing forward and back. You quickened your thrusting. I couldn't believe how thick you were becoming inside me, expanding within my walls. Your hardness was inconceivable. You growled and groaned. Your pounding was hard, but tender as you made love to me like no other man could. 

Then I heard you call my name. "Angel," you said breathlessly, "Angel, my love, I'm going to cum!". 

I knew what to do. I started rotating my hips, moving in little circles. "Sweetheart, cum inside me.... Cum inside me so I can feel it deep" I told you. 

You came then. I could feel squirt after squirt shooting inside me, coating my walls with your steaming hot liquid love. As you shot your last load, I pulled myself up, keeping you inside me, and leaned against your chest, reaching up behind me to touch the back of your neck. You kissed my nose and wrapped your arms around my waist, and you gave me a gentle squeeze. We separated, climbed onto the bed, and snuggled up together, you holding me close to your chest, with me facing the opposite way, and we drifted off to sleep. 

Sometime in the middle of the night, you awoke and watched me sleep for a few moments before waking me and making love to me again in the hue of the moonlight....