 Our lips continue their passionate waltz with each other as I feel my strength returning. One kiss after the other slips over my lips as our hands work in a fury over each other's body. Your fingers work over my bare chest, as I reach down and massage your butt through your skirt. Our kisses deepen as the passion of the evening starts to take over our souls. I can feel the heat from your body overpowering the cracking fire. In a fit of passion, I quickly remove your silk blouse and throw it over my jeans on the rocking chair. Our lips continue their dance of seduction as our tongues lightly touch. They move together in the harmony of love. 

Slowly your body slides down onto mine. You allow the soft velvet of your bra tease my chest as you settle your body onto mine. Quietly I run my fingers up and down your back as you let out a sigh and a small giggle. I can feel a shiver run through your body as I reach your neck and begin to tickle it. Holding you tightly I roll you over without letting our lips break contact. With your arms around me I slid my chest over the black velvet of your bra. I break contact with your lips and begin to kiss along the line of your jaw up to your ear. Gently I suckle its lobe as I run my hand down your side. As I begin to kiss and nibble down your neck I can hear your light moans of passion. Stopping to nibble at the base of your neck I reach down and unclasp the front of your bra. Your large DD's fall out with force, knocking the sides of the bra to the floor. You sigh as they are released from their velvet confinement. Slowly I kiss down your body and between your heaving breasts. I work soft kisses around your breast spiraling down to your nipple. Lightly I nibble and suck on it until it is standing rock hard. 

"Oh, baby your making me hot." You say in between moans. As I move to the other breast to repeat the same. Then I move down and begin to kiss along your stomach without missing a section. Stopping at our belly button I dart my tongue in and out before continuing down to the edge of your skirt. My tongue follows the edge until it reaches the zipper on the side of your skirt. I grasp it in my teeth and slowly start pulling it down. 

"Ooh, baby that tickles" you say. At the bottom I pull your skirt out from underneath you as A smile creeps across your face. 

"Seems I might have forgotten something." You say, as I realize that you are not wearing panties under your skirt. 

I smile as I pick up your leg and begin to kiss its length down to your foot. Gently I suckle each toe before moving on to the next. Quickly I move to the other foot and kiss along your instep before kissing up the other leg. You sigh as I reach your dripping mound. Gently I kiss around it being careful not to touch either lip. 

"Oh baby, you love to tease me." 

You say just before I slide my tongue down the center of your slit and twirl your clit in gentle circles. 

"Baby, oh my." 

Moving down I suck in one lip after the other before darting my tongue deep into your drenched pussy. 

"Oh my god, baby." You scream as I dart my tongue in and out. 

"You taste so sweet." I say as I slide my tongue up around your clit, twirling it then sucking on it. 

"Baby, yes yes you know how to get me to cum." As I flicker my tongue harder across your clit, then back down into your hungry box. I feel your hands move down into my hair just before you shove my face into your pussy. 

"Oh baby, suck it pleassssse!!" In shouts of erotic pleasure. I dig my tongue ever deeper into your Flowing mound. 

" Baby, baby I'm going to cummmmmm." Quickly I shoot my tongue onto your swollen clit, driving it from side to side. 

"OOOOOOOH MY GOD BABY. I'M CUMMMMMMING." You cry as you shove me back into your hot dripping pussy. I feel your body convulse as orgasm after orgasm shoots through your body. 

"OOOOOOOOOOH BABY SUCK IT ALL." As I drink every drop of your flowing cum. Slowly your body comes to a limp relaxation as the orgasms subside, and I lick up the last of your flowing juices. 

Moving slowly back up I give one last flick on your clit as you giggle "That tickles." Kissing up your lavish body I stop at your solid nipples and give them a playful lick. Gently I kiss your lips as you regain your breath. You grab me and pull me in letting the passion of the moment come through your lips in that kiss.

"Oh, baby you spoil me." As we roll onto our sides. 

"I haven't begun to spoil you yet tonight, Hun." 

I say as our bodies begin to tangle on the floor. Our kisses grow in desire for our most intimate of moments. The though rolls through my mind of what I have in store for you. I can hardly wait as my eyes drift to the spot we will continue our love...