 Hours went by before I realized that it was after six o'clock. I packed up my things and headed home. Once I got home I jumped out the car and grabbed my take out from Panda Express and went inside. I ate and went through monthly expense reports until nearly eleven. I put on a pot of coffee and took a shower, jumping out when I hear the coffee pot beeping.

I dried off and put on my favorite silk robe. I loved the feel of silk on my bare skin. I poured a cup of steaming coffee and head to my rooftop oasis. I enjoyed it being up here. I sat down in the gazebo. I had constructed when I first moved here. There was a fire pit in the center of the gazebo and lush greenery everywhere. You would be hard pressed to find the fire escape if you didn't already know where it was. This was my paradise. I sat down on the cushions and looked over the city. It really was beautiful here. I closed my eyes for a bit, enjoying the solitude when suddenly I felt like I was being watched. 

I opened my eyes and there standing next to the entrance were two men wearing masks. I arched an eyebrow and the taller of the two walked toward me and offered me his hand. I set my coffee down, took his hand and stood up. The other gentleman came to stand behind me. He opened my robe and pulled it over my shoulders letting it slide down my body and onto the floor. The man in front of me feasted on the sight before him. Seeing the hunger in his eyes got my juices flowing. He used his tongue to circle around on nipple before biting down causing me to gasp. The man behind me was kissing my neck. He had one hand on my hip as the other drifted down my stomach. I could feel myself getting wet with anticipation. 

The man in front of me undressed quickly and pushed me to my knees. I took him deep within my mouth and was rewarded by a deep moan. The other man kneeled behind me and continued kissing my neck. He used his knee to spread my knees apart. I felt his fingers graze the inside of my thighs before he dipped his fingers deep in my wet pussy. he continued to thrust into me over and over forcing me to take his friend deeper into my mouth. I flicked my tongue across the head and moved my hands up and down on his shaft until pre cum formed. I licked it off like a greedy child who had her favorite ice cream in front of her. he bucked against my face as he fisted my hair. Within seconds he was exploding in my mouth. 

He helped me off the floor and turned me toward his partner who was now sitting down on the couch. He motioned for me to come to him. I walked over to him and straddled his lap. I lowered myself on him slowly. He was so big and stretched me to the point of pain but he felt so amazing, filling me up. He took one breast into his mouth, his hands grabbed my ass to set a different pace, pushing me up and down faster...harder. He grabbed my hair forcing me to arch my back to give him better access to my tits. I continued to ride. He meet me thrust for thrust, slamming into my inner walls. I could feel my orgasm building. Before I could find my release he had me get off and get on my knees in front of him and suck my juices off his thick dick. I could barely wrap my mouth around him. I juggled his balls in my hand, moving my mouth up and down his shaft.

I could feel his friend come up behind me and slid home in a single thrust. I moaned as he began pushing in and out of me. He picked up momentum and I could feel his balls slamming against my pussy. The his hand was on my clit flicking it back and forth. My entire body felt like a live wire. His partner grabbed my head and pushed me further down on his dick causing me to choke. I pulled his dick out of my mouth and sucked on his balls, my thumb stroked the head of his dick. I heard him whisper shit and I took my tongue and licked up one side and down the other. The guy fucking me from behind smacked me across the ass and the sting felt wonderful. I begged for more. He smack me again this time harder sending electricity through me. 

The guy in front me put his dick back in my mouth and began fucking my mouth as his friend fucked the shit out of my pussy. I felt my orgasm sweep me away as both men pulled out and cam on my face and back. I laid on the floor sated and unable to move. One guy bent down and picked me up while the other wiped my face. He carried me back into my house. My eyes closed as he laid me in my bed. The other covered me up with my robe. I felt two kisses one on my forehead the other on my shoulder. 

The last thing I remembered before drifting into a blissful sleep was a short conversation between the two.

"She will make a good queen," said one voice.

"Aye she would," replied the other voice. 

"I'm rooting for her to win."

"Me too my friend, me too."