 It was a typical evening for my wife and I. The kids were already asleep, and we had watched a movie together downstairs in the living room. As the movie ended she stood up and announced she was going up to bed. Me being the night owl, I kissed her goodnight and told her I wouldn't stay up too late. 

I might have watched another movie, or just channel surfed for a while but that's not important. At some point I decided it was late enough, so I turned off the tv and the living room lamp and headed upstairs myself. 

As expected when I entered the bedroom, I found my wife peacefully sleeping. It was a warm summer night, so the windows behind our bed were open, with the curtains open to let the breeze in. As I approached the bed I could see my lovely wife in the moonlight that came in through the open curtains. 

At first I noticed that she was wearing a tank top. Nothing fancy, just a simple white or light blue tank. I stood there for a moment, taking in the beautiful and quite sexy sight in front of me. I watched her as she lay there, so peaceful, so beautiful, yet so hot I felt a twitch in my pants. Her smooth, white skin on her face, her neck, her shoulders, arms and upper chest almost glowing in the moonlight. She lay somewhat on her side, so her full lovely breasts were pressed together. With the low cut top I could see a generous amount of cleavage. And being that my wife is rather well endowed, combined with the rather thin fabric of her top she was almost busting out of it. I could make out her large dark areoles through it, and her perky nipples were pushing against the fabric. My cock was not just twitching, but rapidly growing at the sight of her. 

I walked to the bed and pulled up the sheet to climb in. And that's when I saw everything she was wearing. She was wearing this hot little tank top. Only the tank top. 

Now my cock was at full attention. I climbed into the bed, and just looked at this incredibly beautiful, incredibly sexy, incredibly inviting woman that lay next to me. She was laying on her back, somewhat on her side toward me. She had her arm across her abdomen, which seemed to push her melons up and together, emphasizing them even more. Her legs were bent, her knees together pointing upward. 

I slowly moved my hand under the sheet, but carefully not touching her yet. Once my hand was about halfway down her thigh, I gently placed it down on her smooth soft skin. As soon as my fingers made contact, her legs immediately fell to the sides, opening everything to me. 

I slowly moved my hand up the inside of her thigh. Her skin was so soft, so sexy that just touching it made my cock press harder against my shorts. Soon my hand reached the top of her thigh, and soon I was gently rubbing her already wet pussy. 

I noticed her eyes now open, her mouth slightly open as if she were silently moaning. Her full chest heaving against the thin fabric of her top with every increasingly heavy breath. I leaned in, kissing her soft sweet lips and sliding my tongue in her mouth. She returned the kiss with equal passion. I began to kiss her chin, made my way down to her neck, and down to her chest. I continued down to her luscious breasts. With my free hand I pulled her top down and pulled out her luscious breasts. My mouth went right to her right breast. I kissed her nipple, then took it in my mouth and sucked and nibbled it and ran my tongue all over it. I moved to her left breast and did more of the same. 

By now her pussy was extremely wet, and I easily slid two fingers inside. I massaged the inside of her all over, my hand getting soaked with her juices. She pulled the tank top off, and I dove into her tits, squeezing, sucking and nibbling with more intensity. 

She reached down and pulled my shorts off. Her hand immediately went to my aching cock. I laid on my back next to her, my fingers still inside her. She wrapped her hand around my cock and started gently stroking, stopping at the head to run her fingers in the pre cum oozing from the tip. Her other hand went down between her legs, and she joined me inside her with two of her own fingers. I pulled mine out, lay back and took in the sight of my sexy wife using both her hands to get both of us off. 

With a good amount of pre cum on her fingers, she released my cock and started rubbing her breast. I sat up and knelt by her knees to take in this wonderful sight. Here was my lovely wife, so hot, so horny, so turned on that she was fingering herself and rubbing her tit. It was then I noticed that her hands were busy, her pussy was getting attention and her tits were being played with. There was one more area that needed attention. 

"I think you need something in your mouth" I whispered. 

"Yeah?" She replied, slightly opening her eyes. 

"Yeah, I think you do," I said, as I knelt a little higher on my knees. 

She immediately stopped pleasuring herself, and got on her hands and knees. She crawled over to me, her mouth going right to my cock. The feeling of her warm wet mouth enveloping my throbbing cock was absolute heaven. She took me all the way in, until my balls were pressed against her chin. She sucked and licked my cock, from base to tip, sending chills down my spine. I began to move my hips, working my cock in and out of her mouth. She continued to suck it, swirling her tongue around the head before each thrust in. I reached under her and grabbed her beautiful breasts, each one with hard pert nipples. I massaged them, pinched and twisted her nipples while she sucked me. She returned a hand to her dripping wet pussy, burying her two middle fingers inside herself. 

Eventually she released my cock, which was now glowing in the moonlight from her saliva. She looked up at me, and I could see in her eyes she was beyond ready for me to fuck her. 

She returned to laying on her back, her legs speed wide waiting for me. I took a minute to admire her beautiful body in the moonlight. Her beautiful face, with an expression that just screamed "Take me now!" Her lovely breasts, heaving with each heavy, lustful breath she took. And her glistening wet pussy, inviting me. Waiting for me. 

I decided I wanted to tease her more, almost torture her more. Make her want me even more. I dove face first between her thighs, licking, eating and sucking her everywhere. Enjoying the taste of her wetness, the sweetness of her juices, the sound of her moans, the touch of her fingers on the back of my head. I licked her pussy everywhere, inside and out. I nibbled and sucked her puffy lips, fucked her with my tongue, everything I could to pleasure her. 

Finally she pulled me up to her, and looking deep into my eyes she put her hands on my face and said,"I need you now!"

I kissed her deeply and passionately as my hands went to her curvy hips. I brought my hard throbbing cock to her wet entrance, teasing her one last bit. Once the head of my cock finally entered her awaiting pussy, she immediately bucked her hips upward, taking me deep. She came all the way up until I was buried deep inside her, breathing out what a combination of a sigh and a moan, relieved to finally have me inside her.

She lowered her hips as I withdrew my cock until just the tip of my head was once again at her wet entrance, and we both thrust together toward each other. We continued this rhythm of me withdrawing to the tip, then the two of us thrusting to bury my cock inside her. 

I continued to kiss her, our tongues exploring the insides of each other's mouth. Our hands explored each other's body, her hands running all over my back and my ass, while mine caressed her hips, her breasts. The only sounds in the room were our heavy breathing, and the sound of our bodies rhythmically slapping together each time I thrust my cock deep inside her. 

We broke our kiss and stared into each other's eyes. We continued thrusting into each other, and soon I could feel the pressure building up. She was close too, and could tell I would be cumming soon. 

She wrapped her arms around me, and I wrapped my arms around and under her. I held her tight, squeezing her beautiful tits together and pulling her close to me. She held me tighter, as her eyes rolled back in her head and her mouth opened wide in a silent scream. I felt her luscious thighs squeeze me tighter, as she erupted in a massive orgasm. 

Feeling the warmth of her juices on my dick and dripping onto my balls sent me over the edge. I held her as tight as I could, and pushed myself as deep inside her dripping pussy as possible. She let out one last moan, as she knew what was coming. A second later my cock exploded, filling her with spurt after spurt of my hot sticky cum. 

Once we both came down I looked into her eyes, and kissed her passionately. I continued to just hold her and kiss her as the combination of our love juices dripped out of her. It didn't take long for my spent cock to soften and fall out of her, which brought one more pleasured sigh from my wife. I positioned myself next to her, as she shifted into a spooning position, my exhausted cock nestled firmly between her curvy ass cheeks. I wrapped my arms around her, and softly kissed her neck, admiring every curve of her beautiful body as we both drifted off to sleep.