 The night was warm. There was no need for covers within the villa. 

Moonlight unhindered by the overhead skylight radiated down and illuminated the bed. I'd gotten only maybe an hour or two of sleep. 

It was simply just hard to sleep when suddenly life had gotten so full. We'd arrived in Spain yesterday. We hadn't left the villa since then. 

Sonia was enthralled with both the villa, but most surprising of all, me. She asked me question after question and I held nothing back from her. She was my wife. 

I hoped to not scare her off, but she had a right to know everything. I explained how I was part of a loosely affiliated group of individual agents as diverse as there are different cultures in the world. 

From all walks of life and practice we had come from. We specialized in different things and yet our purpose was the same. Defend the defenseless and oppose the wicked. 

We worked in pairs or by ourselves for the most part with complete autonomy to act as we saw fit, but we had a code. A code of respect for each other and there were times we as individuals had to heed the advice of others. 

In some ways the Agency was an accountability group. There were also those times when more than one or two individuals gathered together, sometimes everyone. 

To my knowledge, the latter had only happened twice. Once during the Cold War and once in 987 BC. It was a very old group. 

Loosely structured as it was, it was by invitation only and, to my surprise, Sonia had asked me if she could join. I had told her that I would have to ask, although it was in my power to grant her wish. 

Still out of respect, I felt I needed a grant of approval of sorts from those within the Agency I respected the most. None of the danger that I described to Sonia seemed not to have made a dent and instead all she was interested in was to know more and she did so question after question. 

I'd never had anyone so interested in me in all my life. I glanced over to her beside me and groaned. 

I felt my shaft harden yet again. I simply couldn't get enough of her. 

Half on her side facing me one beautifully full breast lay openly displayed by moonlight, as if the height of divinely created artistry on backlit display. Her nipple was pertly at attention and not being able to help myself, I eased down on the bed and wetly took it into my mouth. 

She stirred and not even looking at her face I felt the aura of her smile in the darkness. She was like the one thing in the world, I don't think it was ever possible to get enough of, but I intended to try. 

She groaned deeply and arched her back. She did nothing to free her captured nipple from my lips, but instead I felt her hand curl around the thickness of my shaft. 

She seemed to purr with pleasure in the dark and noisily I let her nipple escape. Still purring, she moved then and I watched as her silken thigh slipped over top of me and then all of her was above me and she was lowering herself even as the hardest part of me slid deeply into the wet sheath that I had plundered unmercifully in the past two days and yet always seemed to have more to give to me. 

We both groaned as she came to be seated with finality upon the full length and breadth of me within her. Groaning out my name she arched her back and her full breasts lifted even as she tossed her head back and began to grind her pelvis down onto me. 

Her slim hands slid up her moon highlighted torso only to cup each of her full breasts. Groaning, I watched as her hands held, lifted, pressed together, the most beautiful pair of silken breasts I'd ever seen. 

She was putting on a show for me and I loved it! 

Her head came up and she looked down at me smiling. She let one hand slide free from a breast and placed it on the bed beside my head. Now leaning over me and blocking out the moon I saw the dim outline of her hand lifting her other breast to me as if it were an offering. 

I took it and I felt her smile as my teeth grazed over her nipple. Taking both my hands, I took possession over both of her breasts and pressed my face against them. 

There was no comfort on earth that could compare with the warmth and tender feel of what I held, felt, suckled, and kissed. She proudly remained arched over me letting me do all or anything I wanted with her. 

I could tell that she no longer regarded her body as hers. She'd given it to me and my pleasure was her desire, only it was she who was moaning. 

She moved up and down upon me faster and then cried out and because I loved to see her experience passion I nipped at her one nipple gently. Her cry of beginning orgasm exploded into an outpouring exclamation of passion, even as I felt the length of her sheath convulse about me tightly. 

The strength of her orgasm threatened to milk the seed right out of me as if it had been designed to do just that, but I held on to my seed and her nipple. Crying out in utter completion she started to slump down on to me and I kissed her nipple goodbye.  

She may be done in with passion, but I was not. I rolled and took her with me. 

Luckily I stayed inside and with her face now bathed in moonlight I watched her say, "You're amazing!" 

Smiling, I kissed her and then my hands were hiking her knees upward. As her knees came up her eyes opened and she sighed happily as my hands slid up her calves to her ankles now held high in the air. Looking into her eyes, I saw the reality that she knew how hard I was about to take her. 

She didn't draw back from the fire of my desire to have her again and again. With her I simply craved to be deep. 

I worried about hurting her with my passion, but I... I simply needed to be deep... in her. Still, I hesitated. 

"Baby?" She said richly in her Russian accent that I absolutely adored. 

I glanced to her face and waited even as I took in the playfulness of her gaze that said anything I wanted was her desire to give. Her lips parted and she said, "Let go." 

I glanced to my hands holding her ankles, only to see that her own hands had lifted to stroke the backs of my knuckles. I didn't want to let go.

I liked the dominance of having her ankles in my grasp, but there was something in the wild glow of her eyes that said to listen. Regretfully, I let go and her smile deepened. 

Who was in control now? I really didn't care at the moment as long as she kept looking at me like she was doing. 

Her own hands circled her ankles and then with a nod of her head she indicated a pillow beside her on the bed. 

"Come out please." She coaxed lovingly. 

Again, I listened and slid my shaft free of her. Sitting back on my ankles before her I swallowed as I watched her shimmy down on the bed toward me to get the space that she needed. 

Her hands pulled at her ankles and before my eyes, I watched her ankles go to either side of her head until her feet literally touched the headboard flat-footed. I couldn't fathom such flexibility and I marveled at her ability to breathe. 

Her pelvis and lower back had arched up off the bed and numbly my hand brought the pillow to rest under her in order to give support to her spine. She was still smiling and softly she coaxed, "Hands here." She said, indicating the back of her ankles. 

Swallowing I moved forward and came up higher over her and let my hands reclaim their former domination. Her hands fell away to lay outstretched on the bed in complete surrender. 

I looked into her eyes and watched as she said, "Do it. All the way. Don't stop." 

"I..." 

"No hold back anything, okay?" 

"Okay." My shaft pressed down into her and I let myself go deeper, deeper than I'd ever been in a woman. Deeper than I had even imagined possible. 

I was the same length, but her entire system was shortened and opened in a way not before felt. It was indescribable and I plunged in and out of her depths until I came and when I came I knew that I'd made her pregnant. 

Breathing heavy I let her ankles go even as I remained rooted deeply into her depths. Her legs came up to spill over the top of my shoulders, but I remained where I was. 

I met her eyes and saw the reality that she knew what had happened to. Groaning, I confessed for perhaps the first time out loud, "Sonia, I love you!" 

Tears squeezed from her eyes and her lips came to mine. After the kiss all she could say over and over was, "Me too!"