 "The Captain has turned off the fasten seat belt signs. Once again, thank you for traveling with us on American Airlines. Enjoy your day and welcome home."

The men around her thumped their legs and jittered with both excited and anxious energy. None of them could wait to set foot on native soil. One by one, a single uniform rows stood in unison. The last person out of the row would hand down the identical bags to their owners from the overhead compartments-the only thing distinguishing each camouflage bag was a name sown in black thread. Boots lightly hit the floor, as if they didn't want to make a sound as they left. Some were leaving for the last time and some for the first. Finally, his row stood. Moore was out first; Watson passed his bag to Fisher, and then Fisher to his hands. Walking down the aisle, empty chairs were on either side of him while men in uniforms sat patiently behind him. At the end of the longest aisle he'd ever walked, the captain stood with a proud air in his chest.

The Captain shook his hand firmly and smiled, "Thank you for your service."

"Thank you for bringing us home." Moore smiled back at the Captain.

Moore's followed his comrades up the jetway. The excited squeals of women and children could heard as their fathers, brothers, mothers, and sisters came home. He wanted to run to his wife and take her in his arms and never let her go. He could see a small bit of what was in front of them; people crowded around with signs and anxious looks on their faces, some of them bounced in place while others chatted excitedly on cell phones. Taking one step into the terminal, applause filled the room. A banner "Welcome Home Troop 865" was strung from two tall pillars. 

Having dreamt of this moment, he searched the crowd for her. Moore and his wife, Carmen, had agreed to meet by the coffee shop just past the terminal. Pushing through the crowd of people thanking him for his service, he couldn't stop thinking about Carmen. She had blonde hair with harsh gray eyes that softened only for him. He longed to touch her gentle lips that always felt so delicate against him. She liked acrilic nails that left deep wells in his back. He would love nothing more than to taste her skin...make her quiver in his arms...bite at her neck as she moaned and ground her sex into his. Thinking about her like that made his bulge harden in his uniform. 

Finding himself before the coffee shop, his heart began to drop; there was no sight of her. There were plenty of pretty women near the terminal that fit her general description, but they weren't Carmen. Moore took off his pack and sat down at a table, searching for her through the crowd. A woman with long brunette hair in ripped jeans and a sweatshirt ran in his direction. Her starting gray eyes were the only thing he recognized on her body; realizing it was Carmen, he stood and squeezed her in a tight embrace. Her arms latched onto his body her already wet eyes burrowed into his shoulder. After holding each other for a long moment, his arms slipped around her waist. She ran her long fingers through his hair and pulled him closer as she kissed her man who had been serving their country for eighteen long months. His hard member twitched as he let his hands slide up from the smile of her back, underneath her sweatshirt and rubbed up her warm back. 

He whispered, leaning his forehead on hers, "You are so beautiful, so, so beautiful."

"I've missed you so much." Tears kept swelling up in her eyes and she hugged him tight, "Don't let me go."

He kept his arms wrapped around her and squeezed her. Nothing was going to make him let her go. With her body so close to his, his bulge pressed up hard against her stomach. Pulling back, he brushed her new brunette hair from her wet face. 

He smiled, "Why did you change your hair?

"Oh, do you like it?" Carmen twirled her hair on her finger, "You always had a thing for brunettes and I thought if-"

"God, you're gorgeous." Moore pressed his lips, heated to hers. "I loved you blonde, I love you brunette and would love you ginger. Just don't get rid of the woman I married."

She giggled and gave him a quick peck. "I can do that. Now let's go home."

They didn't live too far from the airport-fifteen minutes maybe. Carmen insisted on driving home. Sitting in the passenger seat, Moore couldn't help but stare at her. He was still hard and he knew that wasn't going to change. He attempted to move his erection into a less obvious position-he caught her glancing over at him while biting her lip. Reaching over, he rested his hand on her upper thigh. He couldn't wait to get her jeans off. 

Pulling into the driveway of their typical suburban home, Carmen struggled to pull her husbands bag from the back of her crossover. With house keys in hand, Moore unlocked the front door and just stood in the doorway. He couldn't believe it had been eighteen months. Carmen took his hand, led him inside, and shut the door. She dropped his bag on the floor and led him upstairs with a coy grin. Watching her heart shaped ass sway before him, he felt his hard bulge throb. At the top of the staircase he scooped her up in his strong arms. Her shrill shriek filled the air as he threw her onto their bed. She stretched her physique the full length of the bed with her eyes calling him to devour her. Her body even covered by jeans and a sweatshirt was still unbelievably sexy. 

He kicked off his boots at the foot of the bed then lowered himself over her. Her legs wrapped around the back of his knees and pressed his fully clothed body against her. Moore kissed her plump bottom lip and ran his tongue around the top lip. Carmen sighed deeply and wrapped her arms around his neck and back, pressing her tongue deeper into his mouth, sucking at his tongue. He felt her hips lift up to his and grind against him. They both wanted to be fully entangled with each other, but there was no rush. Carmen's fingers began to undo his shirt buttons and felt down his chest. Moore continued to suck at her earlobe and suck hard at her neck, making her gasp, as he shifted his weight onto one hand. She broke off their kiss as her fingers outlined his pecks.

She asked, nearly breathless, "Wh-when did you get hard like this?" 

He squeezed her right breast hard and listened to her breath shutter. "I got hard the moment I saw you." 

Moore pulled her sweatshirt up over her breasts, he slid down so her lips hovered over them. He licked down between her collar boned then retraced his steps, slowly kissing down between her globes. Carmen helped him push his shirt off from around his shoulders; Moore threw it somewhere on the floor. Pressing his body fully against hers, he let his hands squeeze her tits together... he forgot how big they are. In the pictures she had sent him, they never looked this luscious. His hot breath warmed her erect nipples just before he ran his tongue in a figure eight between her two tits then suddenly sucked one between his lips. Her large areolas disappeared into his mouth as his tongue lashed her breast harder the more deeply he sucked her; she arched her back against his perfect touch as small squeaks kept leaving her lips. Moore's other hand rhythmically squeezed her other breast. Biting into her plush tit, a quivering moan was released from her lips and her hands pressed his head harder against her and raked his scalp. He kept this up until she pushed him away to peel off her sweatshirt...then he did the same to her other breast. He wanted to take his time with her body... it had been so long since he could make her feel this way. 

"Baby..." Her voice whispered; he looked up at her. "go lower..." 

Moore moved to stand at the end of the bed. He took her ankles and pulled her until she sat just at the end of the bed. Kneeling down on the carpet, he locked eye contact with those hard gray eyes that would soon melt before him. Her sex had soaked through her jeans. Already unbuttoned, she raised her ass to let him peel the tight jeans from her. Moore took in the look of his beautiful wife for a moment; her long tan legs hung off the end of the bed with her silk white panties nearly transparent. His length began to press hard against his zipper and leaked salty precum down his swollen head. Picking up her left leg, he began kissed the back of her knee then licked up her inner thigh until he met where it connected to her heated core-her breathing stopped. Smiling, he kissed and lightly bit up her thigh painfully slow, just as he had done with her chest. As he reached her steaming center again, she sighed heavily when Moore pressed his palm against her sex and began to kneed her moist core through the soaked silk. Carmen raked her nails over her tits and rotated her hips into his hand even as he continued to lick and bite up her other leg. Moving to her hips, he kissed her hip bones and licked just above her pantie line. 

Her voice was soft and sexy. "Oh god, Mike...Mike, Mike please take me..." 

Moore hadn't heard his first name in nearly eighteen months; peeling her soaked panties down her lengthy legs, he couldn't imagine hearing his name in any better scenario. He put her legs around his neck and moved into closer to her steaming sex with wrapped his arms around her hips. Her lower lips had swelled with irritation from being teased and welcomed him with her intoxicating fragrance. Delicately, Mike flattened his tongue and licked the full length of her then sucked at length on her wider outer lips. Acrylic nails played with his hair as she breathed deeply. Nibbling on her damp swollen lips, he looked up at her; she chewed on her lower lip and pulled at her nipple with her other hand with her eyes blissfully closed. He wanted her to always look like this...as peaceful and sexy as this. 

Mike ran his fingers along her already wet center, he spread her inner lips apart and quickly plunged two into her; her body recoiled in shock, then relaxed into his touch as he slowly pumped inside of her. Raising his lips above his fingers, he found her sensitive bead and sucked it feverishly. Carmen's gasping and moaning became louder and she pressed his face deeper into her as he began flicking his tongue against her clit. He'd forgotten just how sensitive she was there...he curled his fingers up inside of her and worked her g-spot and kept circling and sucking her bead. Her hot thighs clamped around his head and shook involuntarily against him. She began whimpering and calling out his name as her body bursted at the core again and again. Her body shook violently several times over, leaving cum seeping down his hand. Removing his hand, his tongue worked to clean up the mess he had help her made. He covered every crevice where her sweet nectar had ventured.

Carmen pulled his head from her cooling core. "Mike, I don't want your tongue...give me your cock." 

To Be Continued...