 This is a continuous story. In order to understand it fully it is best to read it in its entirety, starting with Chapter 01.

The story so far: Josh had been doing research at the UT Medical in Galveston to perfect a cloning technique that would allow the transfer of the human consciousness into a cloned but not sentient body, effectively just a human shell. An attack on the lab destroyed all the work and killed the lead scientist. Josh knowing everything that was required to duplicate this research kept it a secret and did it in his home. Josh had produced 5 clones, 3 males and 2 females. Using these clones he would fulfill all his sexual fantasies.

Chapter 08 - Back to High School as a Girl

Josh Sat in his car in front of the high school and looked at himself in the car mirror. It was three-thirty PM on a Friday and school had just let out. He was still in the Mia body and had dressed to make himself look a little older. Wearing sunglasses and a business suit he finished touching up his make-up.

Josh had decided he would fulfill another fantasy, the student and the teacher. This one he would use the short five foot two blonde hair Allison clone. He could easily pass the nineteen or twenty year old clone off as an eighteen year old senior in high school.

Josh had spent over a week preparing all the fake documents he would need both for Allison to be a student and for Mia to be her niece's guardian. Driver's license, ID's, birth certificates, social security cards everything required that most people take for granted. Josh had been unable to create fake school transcripts to show Allison's previous education. It was a problem easily overcome when he remembered that it was not uncommon for home schooling. A few fake documents showing her level of education and Allison was ready to finish her last year in a public school.

Josh walked in to the building and to the registrar's office. Answering a battery of questions and filling out enough paperwork to make him think he had just bought something, Josh was happy to see that all his freshly made documents had held up to scrutiny.

Josh then met with the school counselor to create her academic schedule. Before selecting classes for his niece Allison, Josh had insisted on meeting each of the teachers. He was told that most of the teachers were still there. Straightening up their room and grading papers. Josh told the counselor he would be fine on his own. She printed out and handed him a paper with all the twelfth grade teachers and the subjects they taught.

For Josh this was easy. Since he was a girl trying to sleep with a male teacher, he started with all the male teachers. He went to each room introducing himself and explaining the situation. The introduction was only an excuse to see two things. Was the teacher good enough to have sex with and was he married. The first five had been disappointing. Four of them were too old and the fifth was cute but married. The sixth introduction was perfect.

"Hello I'm Mia" Offering her hand to the handsome young Math teacher. Taking the offered hand. "Scott. Scott Leary. Can I help you with something?" Replied Scott as his eyes passed from her face to her breast and then down the rest of her body.

Scott was exactly what he was looking for, late twenties, early thirties with a nice body. He was about five foot eight, short dark hair and most importantly, he wasn't wearing a wedding ring. "My niece will be attending this school and I wanted to meet the teachers before I placed her in the class."

Scott gave a genuine smile. "I'm glad to hear that. Most parents just sign them up and ship them off. The only real contact we have with most of them is when there is apparent teacher conference."

Josh spoke with the English teacher for a few more minutes before moving on to the next on the list. Allison would definitely be in his class. He had spent another half hour meeting and talking with teachers. There had been only two more potential candidates, both good looking, relatively young and unmarried, Phil Mason a History teacher and Steve Brent, who taught Photography. Allison would have those three teachers.

Instead of having to waste the rest of the day in classes that served no purpose, he was able to sign Allison up for Co-Op, a work study program that allowed students to attend school for half a day and work the other half.

Josh went home to prepare the Allison clone because Monday, he was going back to high school.

It was 8AM and it was half an hour before Allison started class. She was starting six week into the semester and thought she might be able to use that to her advantage somehow. Standing in front of a huge mirror she looked at her self carefully. She wore a plaid skirt that went to the school mandated fingertip length and a white blouse. She wished she had shorter arms. She was absolutely beautiful. She was 5'2" with blonde hair that was down to the middle of her back. In the front it was cut short to barely cover her eyes if she didn't pull it behind her ear. She had a tight little body. With size b breast she was a little on the small side compared to the Mia body. But what she lacked in breast size she more than made up for with a nicely curved ass and the face of a high school beauty queen.

After the bell rang, she walked into her first class. It was Math. Seeing her hunky math teacher Scott, she reminded herself to call him Mr. Leary. "Hello my name is Allison Brown. I'm supposed to be in your class."

"Hello Allison. I'm Mr. Leary. I met your guardian Mia. She told me all about you. Please have a seat at any of the empty desk."

Josh was in luck. A chair was in the front row, directly in front of Mr. Leary. Josh took his seat and got out his book.

Josh attended the other two classes with much the same result as the first one. A brief introduction followed by class. He intentionally ignored the other students having no interest in them and his focus on the three teachers.

Josh spent the next four weeks gathering all the information he could. Scott Leary the Math teacher was still a possible candidate; however Steve Brent the Photography teacher and Phil Mason the History teacher were both out. He had learned through innocent questions that Phil Mason was engaged and just didn't wear a ring. He had also learned that the Photography teacher was gay.

Josh's main problem right now was Mr. Leary. He was trying to figure out a way to get his attention even more.

Class had just started and Scott Leary leaned back against his desk. "OK class. I want you to open your books to page forty-seven. I want you to do all the math problems on the practice quiz inside."

With a few muted groans the class began to open their books to the assigned page. Josh followed suite as well as taking a spiral note book to write out the math problems. With a degree from MIT and three years at UT Medical, he could have done the problems in his head. But he knew that teachers like to see you write out the problems.

Mr. Leary sat back down at his desk in front of Josh. Josh got a wicked idea. He was wearing another skirt and decided to show Mr. Leary what he was missing. Grabbing his Math book and notebook, Josh leaned back in his seat and put his feet on the chair so that his knees were bent and his legs were against his chest. Josh then put his head down so that his hair covered his eyes. While he could see Mr. Leary, Mr. Leary couldn't see his eyes. Josh spread his legs just a few inches apart.

It only took Scott a minute to notice Allison. Her feet propped on her chair, her tiny thong panties peeking out beneath. His immediate reaction was to tell her to put her feet down. However, if he said anything at all the other students would know he had looked up Allison's skirt. Besides, there was a part of him that enjoyed this voyeuristic view of a sexy teenager's panties. He could see that she clearly shaved her pussy since the material was stretched tight against her, outlining her young lips and no sign of hair. Quickly getting an erection, he remained seated and kept his mouth shut. He glanced up every now and again to catch a glimpse of her fresh teenage pussy, thinking his attentions were going unnoticed.

Seeing his Math teacher peak at his pussy, Josh kept a neutral face on the exterior but could feel his body reacting to the exhibition he was giving. He could feel his teenage pussy getting wet and wondered if it was noticeable to Mr. Leary. Josh bit his tongue and continued to write. Wishing he could just start fingering himself right there.

When class was over and the other students had left. Josh remained behind, having already put his feet back on the floor. "Mr. Leary." Said Josh in Allison's cute little voice. "Can you come here and help me with this problem?"

"Uh... Why don't you come here to my desk Allison?" Said Mr. Leary, clearly horrified at the prospect of standing up with a bulge in his pants. Especially in front of the girl who had given it to him.

Josh knew the reason his teacher couldn't stand up. He walked over to the front of his teacher's desk, placed the book down so that Mr. Leary could read it. Then he leaned over the desk, giving him a nice view down his shirt. "This is what I find hard. I just can't figure a way to get it." Said Josh picking his words carefully.

"Well." Said Scott clearing his throat. "The other students have a six week head start on you. You have to give your self time to catch up."

"I just can't afford to get a bad grade. I'm in photography and if I make less than a C, I can't go on the field trips." Josh said in a pouting voice.

"I wouldn't worry about that. Your grades are still good."

Josh began to wiggle his ass side to side. "Some of the other teachers offer home tutoring."

Seeing the hesitation on Mr. Leary's face Josh decided to sweeten the deal. Besides having a sexy little blonde eighteen year old at his house, "My guardian already told me to get a tutor. She said she would pay a hundred dollars and hour. Two days a week, three hours a day should do it."

Scott was clearly having conflicting emotions. While Allison was right, there were a lot of other teachers who had student over to their houses for group study sessions; Allison was talking about just the two of them. Back and forth in his mind it went. Pushing aside his darker thoughts he finally agreed. The money was too good to pass up. An extra six hundred dollars a week would come in handy.

"Done." Said Scott. "We can get together on Wednesdays and Fridays after class."

"Great. I got my own car. If you could just give me your address we can start this Wednesday."

Scott handed over his phone number and address to one of his students. Experiencing a feeling he did not expect, excitement.

Their first five sessions, Josh had kept things clearly professional. He stuck to the Math and tried not being overly provocative. Josh tried to get Mr. Leary more comfortable with having an eighteen year old student at his house.

It was a Friday and this was their sixth tutorial session together. Josh had decided it was time to up the ante. Josh wore a short white mini skirt that flared out at the bottom, barely covered his ass. A tiny thong that was so sheer it didn't hide anything. He also wore a skin tight white tank top with out a bra, clearly showing his young breast and nipples.

Josh pushed his sunglasses up on his nose a little and then knocked on the door. When Mr. Leary opened the door he was immediately checked out from head to toe. Letting him in they both sat on the sofa were Mr. Leary already had a soft drink waiting for him. Josh spent the next forty five minutes going over math problems.

"My back is starting to hurt leaning over the coffee table. Can we lie on the floor and do this. It's how I do school work at home." 

Josh not waiting for an answer got off the sofa, picking up his book and papers, he laid down on his stomach, propped up on his elbows.

Not wanting to make a big deal of it. Mr. Leary lay next to Allison in an identical position.

"Could you get me another soda Mr. Leary?" Asked Josh after twenty minutes on the floor.

Scott walked into the kitchen and grabbed another drink. Peering through an opening in the wall that had a breakfast bar, he saw up noticed Allison. Only ten feet away she was sprawled out on his living room floor facing away from him. Her knees were bent and her legs spread apart. It gave him a clear view of her transparent panties and bald pussy. She had great legs and he liked the way her ass moved when she kicked her feet back and forth. Scott remained there as long as he thought he could get away with.

Josh completely aware of the delay smirked. He knew Mr. Leary was taking another peek. He could feel himself getting excited again. His nipples hardened. He could feel the heat begin to build between his legs.

When Mr. Leary returned with the drink, he lay back down and handed Josh the soda. Josh not wanting to let the moment go turned on his side. Propping his head up with his hand, he was now facing his teacher, his already short skirt riding up another inch. He was fully aware that his hard nipples were prominently poking through the thin material of his shirt. It was time for the confession and a moment of truth.

"Mr. Leary. Scott. I have a confession to make." Said Josh, changing his tone from cute to seductive. "I am attracted to you. I have been for a while. Not just a schoolgirl crush. But sexually attracted to you."

Scott froze like a deer in headlights. He had often fantasized about some of the girls in his class, but that is what it had always been, just harmless, healthy fantasies. Now here he was with a gorgeous eighteen year old blond, confessing not just feelings for him but sexual ones. Unsure of what to say he said nothing.

Josh moved a couple of inches closer and continued. "I think you like me to. I noticed the way you look at me. I even saw you peeking up my skirt in class. Since you didn't say anything and you kept looking, I think you liked what you saw. Did you?" 

Alarm bells went off in Scott's head. "Allison. You're a very pretty girl, but I'm your teacher and this just wouldn't be appropriate. Your one of my students."

"Only for the rest of this semester." Responded Josh quickly. "Besides, I'm eighteen. A legal adult. You can't get in trouble."

"I can get in trouble. I'm your teacher." Scott shot back.

Josh decided it was time to change tactics. Now that Mr. Leary new there were no legal repercussions it was just a matter of breaking down his moral barrier. "You have no idea how bad I want you." He said, scooting a little closer to his teacher. "How many times I touched myself at night, wishing it was you. The only people who are going to know are me and you." Josh moved in for the kill. He leaned forward and planted a kiss on his Teacher. It was a soft sensuous kiss.

A million thoughts raced through his mind as Allison kissed him. Scenarios of him getting fired verses the sheer pleasure of having this nubile girl in his bed. If there was a hell, he was surely going there. Oh well. He would enjoy the trip.

Scott returned Allison's kiss. Laying her down on her back, he started making out with one of his students. It was a fantasy coming true.

Josh had him. Mr. Leary had laid Josh on his back and began to kiss him passionately. "Touch me." Josh whispered, encouraging his teacher. His teacher responded by rubbing his hands on Josh's breast. While small, they were a perfect handful.

Scott rubbed his student's perky young breast through her shirt. Taken over by lust, he slowly pulled Allison's shirt over her head. Seeing her breast, he put his mouth on them. The smell of strawberries wafting up into his nose from the body lotion she was wearing. As he played with her nipple in his mouth, he lowered his left hand down to her skirt. She gave no sign of resisting. In fact, Allison spread her legs a little further apart.

Scott slid his hand down her skirt, underneath and then back up her thigh. When he got to her mound, he could feel the heat radiating off it. Rubbing his hand on her pussy he found that she had soaked her panties through already. Her sweet young juices flowed freely.

Josh was so turned on at having his teacher touch him. Thinking he was touching one of his female students, he would not guess in a million years there was a guy's mind in this girl's body. Josh savoring the moment of yet another taboo act.

Josh moaned as his nipple was played with and Mr. Leary's hand began to message his aching pussy. Josh felt his thong being slid to the side, his teacher's hand now in direct contact. Up and down his hand went, his thumb playing with Josh's clit. Mr. Leary began to insert a finger and stopped. Josh sensing something had happened opened his eyes and saw a look of concern. He immediately pieced it together. "I've never been with a man before but I broke my hymen a long time ago masturbating. There is nothing to worry about. I'm also on the pill." Josh had actually had the tubes tied of both the Mia clone and the Allison, after the fiasco of not being able to have Daniel cum inside Mia. He had also been a little terrified of the possibility of getting pregnant.

Scott relaxed now that he knew there would be no blood stain on the floor and he wouldn't have to worry about the pain of a first time penetration. He was excited at the prospect of being the first guy inside this beautiful girl. He continued exploring Allison's body. He slid her panties off and hiked up her skirt. Giving him his first close up glimpse oh her virgin pussy.

Josh had to restrain himself. He figured that if this was suppose to be Allison's first time with a man he would refrain from being to aggressive. He allowed Mr. Leary to remove his panties and skirt. Kicking off his flip flops, Josh laid there completely naked. Next he watched as his teacher removed his clothing. Just as he expected a nice body, not really muscular, but no fat either. It was just a firm body. He immediately saw his teacher's hard cock. At six inches long he was pleased to see a respectable size.

Once his teacher was back on the floor, Josh reached out and grabbed his cock with a small hand. It was warm and he could feel it pulsing. A velvet smooth shaft topped with a purple crown. Josh began to stroke it. Running the length of the shaft and then down to his balls. Messaging them and then repeating the process.

Scott was so turned on, having Allison not simply laying there but actively engaged. She was stroking his cock and playing with his balls. She was definitely going to pass his class with flying colors. 

Scott was growing bored with just fingering his new star pupil. He lifted her up and placed her on her back on the sofa. Spreading her legs he stuck his head between her thighs and inhaled deeply. A sweet aroma of strawberries mixed with her juices. Scott began to lick her pussy. Her smooth skin felt great against his face. No stubble to scratch at his lips like other women he had gone down on before. He slid his tongue between her lips, hitting her G-spot.

"Oh...Mr. Leary." Said Josh, reverting back to his young girlish voice. "I like it when you touch me there. When you touch my button with your tongue."

Scott ate Allison's pussy with more fever. He liked her sweet innocent tones when she spoke. He was pretty sure it was part of an act but he didn't care. She was real and so was her pussy. He slid a finger inside her and nibbled on her clit. This got a huge response. Allison arched her back and pushed back into his mouth with her hips.

Josh squirmed as his over heated pussy was licked. The more noise he made, the more vigorous his teacher licked. The more vigorous his teacher licked, the more noise he made. It was a viciously enjoyable cycle.
