 This is a continuous story. In order to understand it fully it is best to read it in its entirety, starting with Chapter 01.

The story so far: Josh had been doing research at the UT Medical in Galveston to perfect a cloning technique that would allow the transfer of the human consciousness into a cloned but not sentient body, effectively just a human shell. An attack on the lab destroyed all the work and killed the lead scientist. Josh knowing everything that was required to duplicate this research kept it a secret and replicated it in his home. Josh had produced 5 clones, 3 males and 2 females. Using these clones he would fulfill all his sexual fantasies.

Chapter 09 - Back to High School as a Guy

Josh sat in his car in front of the high school and looked at himself in the car mirror. It was three-thirty PM on a Friday and school had just let out. He was in the Mia body and had dressed to make himself look a little older. Wearing sunglasses and a business suit he finished touching up his make-up.

Josh had decided he would fulfill another fantasy, the student and the teacher. Only this time it would be the fantasy of a male student and a female teacher. This time he would use the five foot eight inch, long dark haired David clone. He could easily pass the nineteen or twenty year old clone off as an eighteen year old senior in high school.

Josh once again prepared all the fake documents he would need both for David to be a student and for Mia to be his nephew's guardian. Driver's license, ID's, birth certificates, social security cards everything required that most people take for granted. Josh had been unable to create fake school transcripts to show David's previous education. It was a problem easily overcome when he remembered that it was not uncommon for home schooling. A few fake documents showing his level of education and David was ready to finish his last year in a public school.

Josh walked in to the building and to the registrar's office. Answering a battery of questions and filling out enough paperwork to make him think he had just bought something, Josh was once again happy to see that all his freshly made documents had held up to scrutiny.

Josh spent the previous week going to several high schools and trying to find the high school with the most single female teachers. After looking at six schools he had found one with twelve single female teachers all of them teaching twelfth grade. The teachers ranged from early twenties to late thirties. At least the ones he was willing to sleep with.

*****

It was Josh's third week in school. He had seen little opportunity to flirt with any of his six teachers. They tended to be overly authoritarian due to their beauty. A desire to show the class's young hormone infused males that just because they were only a few years older and attractive, they were there to teach not joke and play around.

Josh's first real opportunity came from Ms. Erin Swanson. She was Josh's English teacher, a five feet five inch beauty that had the most amazing body. She had shoulder length dark brown hair and hypnotic dark eyes. She tended to try and dress professional by wearing tight fitting skirts that went just above the knee and various blouses. Josh always knew when she was walking up from behind, she wore a great smelling perfume that Josh knew from buying perfume for his female clones to be Curve Kicks for women by Liz Claiborne.

Ms. Swanson had assigned her students the task of composing a short story. They were to write a chapter a week. Each chapter would be graded and corrections would be made. She also told the students that it would not be read out-loud in class, so they could write about personal things that only she would read. Josh saw this as an opening to get to know her. He would write something that was sure to get a reaction and then gauge whether or not she was a possible sex partner.

'...The student did not know which outfit he liked his teacher in best. She always wore sexy skirts just above the knee. It was her blouses that gave him trouble. He was not sure if he liked the tight fitting ones that gave a very good view of the size and shape of her breast or the loose blouses that had a tendency to open slightly and give him a glimpse of her cleavage.

The student probably spent more time at her desk than anyone else in class. She wore the most intoxicating perfume. He would lean over her shoulder as she explained something to him and he would inhale her sweet scent deeply. His eyes traveling down ever so often in the hopes of seeing what color bra she was wearing...' His story went.

It was Monday afternoon and Josh's last class was English. He had trouble containing his grin because every once in a while he would look up and more times then not he would see Ms. Swanson staring at him. He knew when the bell rang that she would almost certainly hold him after class to discuss his hypothetical story about a romance between a teacher and student. He had turned in his first chapter the previous Friday.

"David, could you please stay after a few minutes I would like to talk to you." Said Ms. Swanson as soon as the bell rang that ended both her class and school for the day.

Josh slowly gathered his books and papers. He placed them carefully in his backpack and waited patiently as all the students packed their things and left the classroom. When the last student had left, Josh got up and went to his teacher's desk. "Yes Ms. Swanson, you wanted to speak to me." Said Josh with only the slightest of grins.

"Uhhh yes, I would like to talk to you about the first chapter of your short story." Said Ms. Swanson, who then hesitated a moment before continuing. "It may be a little too suggestive."

"I remember every word of my story Ms. Swanson. I am certain I did not suggest anything." Josh said.

"No, I mean to...I can't think of any synonyms right now besides erotic. It's too erotic for the class room." Ms. Swanson clarified.

"I didn't use any vulgar or offensive words and the main characters did not engage in sex. There was also nothing illegal about their romantic interest, since both characters are legal adults. Even if just barely." Josh replied.

"I know David. It was very suggestive though and it is clear what the intentions of the characters are. I am not sure I am comfortable with your story." Ms. Swanson said.

"I see. You did not like the story?" Josh asked.

"It is a well written story. The character development is good and the plot is well established..." Ms. Swanson took a moment to think about what she was saying. "I tell you what. I take back what I said. I do ask you though if you are going to continue writing to keep it as clean as possible. Will you be continuing the storyline?" Ms. Swanson asked.

"I think so." Said Josh as he got up and started heading for the door. "I am not sure which direction this is going to go. It depends on whether one of the characters can overcome their discomfort." Finished Josh with a smile as he walked out the door.

Erin Swanson leaned back in her chair and let out a deep breath. She was unable to contain the smile that spread across her face. As a twenty-six year old high school teacher who was very attractive, she had had her share of young male students with crushes on her. This was the first time she had ever found herself starting to have one in return. She could feel herself becoming aroused. She could feel the heat beginning to build between her legs and knew that her black lace thong would be soaking wet by the time she walked out of the classroom.

She looked down at her loose blouse and smiled as she could see her cleavage and a hint of her matching black lace bra. She then closed her eyes and inhaled through her nose, catching the light and sweet scent of her perfume. She then burst out laughing. "He even knew the exact brand of perfume I wear."

*****

Josh walked into the living room of his house in Galveston. He had driven home the entire way with an erection. It had been clear to Josh that his teacher was trying to hide her flattery at the story which was clearly about the two of them. He didn't know what turned him on more, the fact that she did not object to another chapter in a story that was clearly about her or the smile that started to spread across her face as he walked out of the classroom. He was also turned on by the fact that she had chosen to wear one of the loose blouses that had a tendency to open just enough to see her cleavage.

Josh kicked off his shoes and took off his jeans. He sat down on the sofa and started rubbing his cock through the thin cotton material of his boxers. He leaned his head back and imagined all the sexual things he would like to do with his teacher. He remembered the exotic smell of her perfume and the soft sultry voice he had heard repeatedly over the last few weeks.

Josh undid the single button on his boxers and pulled the cock of the David clone through. He began stroking the eight inch long iron hard piece of flesh. He ran his hand along the entire length. Starting at the top of the bulbous head down to the base shaved smooth. He pumped his fist up and down with a gentle grip. He thought what it would be like to have Ms. Swanson gripping his cock and doing the very same thing. He imagined her soft wet red lips wrapped around his cock.

It didn't take Josh long to bring the David clone's cock to orgasm. He felt the slow and steady build up of pressure deep inside him. Then the sudden release as the jet of hot, sticky, milky white sperm shot out of his penis and landed on his stomach. He enjoyed the sensation as the warmth slowly slid down his flat shaved stomach. The second blast of cum landed just to the left of the first and made its way into his bellybutton. As his cock pulsated, the last remnants of sperm leaked out of his cock and dripped down the side, lubricating his hand as it continued to work its way up and down. Josh squeezed out the last few drops and looked down at the lovely mess he had created. Smiling he wondered what his new favorite teacher was doing.

Erin Swanson entered her small two bedroom suburban home and kicked off her heels. She walked to her bedroom while unzipping her fitted skirt. She pulled it down to her thighs and let it drop to the floor next to her bed. Turning around, she looked into the door size mirror attached to her closet door. She unbuttoned her blouse and tossed on the floor next to her skirt. She then grimaced slightly as she reached into her bra and pulled off the tape covering her nipples. Her nipples were very pronounced and she knew she would be aroused at work that day when she talked to David. Discarding the tape on the floor she ran her hands over her flat stomach and then turned sideways and examined her well sculpted and round ass. "Glad those two hours of exercise every other day is paying off." She said to herself. She reached down and pulled up her left stocking a little. She wondered what David would say if he saw her dressed in her matching black lingerie of thigh high stockings, lace thong and lace bra. "Eighteen years old, he probably blows his wad right in his pants." She said out loud with a small chuckle. "Of course at eighteen it would take all of two minutes for him to get hard again."

Erin reached into her nightstand and pulled out a clear nine inch vein rippled silicone dildo. She then went into the living room and grabbed David's first chapter out of her satchel and walked back to the bedroom. She propped up a couple of pillows against the headboard and lay down on it so that she was partially sitting up. She began to slowly read the first chapter of his story. With the dildo lying across her stomach she reached underneath her panties and began to rub her shaved mound, running her fingers through the thin patch of short hair just above her clit. She smiled as she felt on the back of her hand where her panties had stayed moist from getting wet at school. In a matter of seconds her vagina was soaking wet again. Her middle finger glided over her mound and parted her swelling lips.

Erin had pulled down the thin lace material of her bra so that her breasts were exposed. Refusing to put down the erotic story she would withdraw her hand every once in a while and rub her wet fingers over her hardened nipples. Made even harder by imagining what it would be like to have David's lips sucking on them and teasing them with his tongue.

Erin reached between her legs and pulled her thong to the side so that her wet shaved mound was now exposed. Grabbing the clear dildo she placed it at the entrance and started to push it in gently. As her fluids began to coat the dildo it slid in further and easier. One glorious inch at a time, she buried it deep inside her vagina. She would then pull it all the way out and then drive it back inside. Occasionally she would leave it buried inside her and start to message her clit. Squeezing her legs together she would contract her vaginal muscles tightly around the dildo. With the dildo deep inside her and her hand rubbing her clit more furiously it didn't take her long to climax. She put David's paper down as wave after intense wave washed over her body. Erin could feel her juices making their way around the dildo, out her pussy, down the crack of her ass and onto the bedspread. Pushing the dildo in and out of her a few more times she withdrew it and lay back, wondering what David was doing, wondering if he was jerking off to the thought of having his high school English teacher. She wondered what the second chapter of his story would hold for the teacher and student. She hoped the teacher in the story got over any possible discomfort.

*****

It was Friday and Josh was ready to hand in his second chapter of his short story. The week had gone by with him making more trips than was necessary up to her desk. He smiled at seeing Ms. Swanson wear two of her tighter blouses on Tuesday and Wednesday that told him just how nice her body was. Thursday and today she had wore her looser fitting blouses. A couple of times she had come to his desk to see how his work was coming along and bent over far enough for him to get a very good look at her cleavage and bra.

When the bell rang, Josh waited for the other students to pack up their things and hand in their second chapters. When the last student was gone Josh got up and walked to Ms. Swanson's desk and handed her his paper.

Taking a look at the paper she asked, "How did it turn out David?"

Josh smiled. "Turns out there was no discomfort at all."

Erin smiled. "I look forward to reading it over the weekend."

Josh decided to seize the moment. He knew Ms. Swanson had student over to her house to read and discuss poetry. There were no advanced placement classes at the school, so she had started a poetry club to give her more interested students a chance to learn literature that was above the standard curriculum. "I understand there is a poetry class that you conduct on the weekends. I was wondering if I could join it?"

Erin tried to hide her smile at David's obvious attempt. "Yes, anyone can participate. You like poetry?"

"Somewhere I have never traveled, gladly beyond 

any experience, your eyes have their silence: 

in your most frail gesture are things which enclose me, 

or which I cannot touch because they are too near." Said Josh with a mischievous grin.

"I'm not familiar with that particular quote from our poetry reading." Erin Said.

"E. E. Cummings." Josh replied.

"Where does the poetry club meet?" Josh asked.

"My house at noon every Saturday. Here is my address and phone number incase you can't find it." Erin said as she scribbled down the information on a sheet of paper and hand it to David.

"See you there." Josh said as he put the paper in his pocket and made his way for the door.

"David." Erin Swanson said, calling after her student before he walked out. "You really didn't know where the poetry group met?"

Josh just smiled. "See you there Ms. Swanson. I hope you enjoy reading the second chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it."

*****

Josh showed up at his teacher's house exactly at noon. There were already four cars there. Josh knocked on the door and was greeted by a student who had her for a different period. Josh walked followed the student into the living room and saw his teacher serving soft drinks to the students. Josh smiled as he noticed what she was wearing. She was barefoot and dressed in a white tank top that showed a little bit of her flat toned stomach. She also wore a sand colored linen drawstring miniskirt. It was the exact outfit he had mentioned in chapter two of his story. Were the student met the teacher at her house for a poetry club meeting and she was wearing a miniskirt from Victoria's Secret. He had described it in detail from a picture he had seen on the Victoria's Secret website.

"Hello Ms. Swanson." Josh said as he made his way to the sofa.

"Hello David. Glad you could join us." Erin replied as she handed him a soft drink. "Everyone, this is David, he will be joining us today and hopefully become a regular member of our poetry group."

The other four students made their introductions and Josh did the same. Ms. Swanson went back into the kitchen and came out with a two trays of snacks and put them on the table. They were both the kind you bought at the grocery store. One was a platter of various raw vegetables with a vegetable dip and the other was a platter of crackers, meats and assorted cheeses.

"Well group, everyone is here so why don't we get started. Today we will be reading from E. E. Cummings and then discussing his work." Erin said as she sat in a chair across from Josh. She picked up a handful of papers she had clearly printed off the internet and handed them to one of the students who then took one and passed the rest along.

"I love your outfit Ms. Swanson. Where did you get it?" One of the female students asked.

"I picked it up at Victoria's Secret last night." Erin said with the slightest of grins.

Josh and the rest of the small poetry group spent the next two hours reading and discussing the works of E. E. Cummings. He was glad the reading was done while sitting down. He would have had a tough time explaining to the new group why he couldn't stand up to read. He waited as patiently as he could for the poetry meeting to finish. Josh spent most of his time staring at the sexy legs of his teacher, wishing she would uncross them.

When the poetry group ended everyone got up and talked for about fifteen minutes before making their way out of Ms. Swanson's home and to their cars. Josh hung back and waited until the last of the group had gone.

Erin smiled as she saw David close the door after the last student had driven off. "You didn't say if you liked my outfit David?" Erin said making a slow twirl.

"I believe I did. In fact, I'm pretty sure I put it in writing." Josh said playing along.

"If you're going to stay a while, would you mind helping me clean up?" Erin said.

"Of course." Josh replied as he made his way to the table and grabbed a platter and a couple of empty soda cans.

Erin grabbed the other empty platter and a soda can and made her way to the kitchen with Josh following behind her staring at her ass. She threw everything into the trash and then took Josh's handful and tossed in after.

Erin turned around and saw David standing there. "Can I get you anything?" She asked, unsure of how to proceed.

"How about a drink?" Josh said.

"Dr. Pepper right?" She asked.

"I was thinking something with a little more kick. I see you have some Maker's Mark." Josh replied.

"I'm not sure I want to contribute to the delinquency of a minor. I would hate for you to drive home and get in an accident." Erin said.

"Easily solved, I just won't drive anywhere." Josh replied with a grin.
