 Rob takes his investigations one step further from the massage parlour days.

She welcomed me at the door. There was a discrete porch, angled from the road, away from prying eyes. The pictures on her web site weren't lying, she was absolutely, drop dead, gorgeous. This should be a very pleasant afternoon.

I had been looking to broaden my sexual horizons for a little while, reading reports, checking out web sites and so on when I came across Jen's page. There was a wealth of information in the reports, all excellent, and checking out her website got me really excited. She offered a real girl friend experience, loved what she did, and described all manor of delights.

I had been a fan of massage parlours for a long while but, since becoming single again, found the lack of actual sex frustrating. A good oily hand job is fine, in its place, but it was now time for something more: more deeply satisfying.

Lying on your back, after an erotic massage, having to make no effort at all, while a nubile, naked girl rubs oil into your cock is not an experience to be underestimated, particularly if she is cool about where your hands are allowed to wander. I had had many of these and often enjoyed the sensation of stroking firm young breasts as she brought me closer and closer to the inevitable. It's a chance to relax and, when you can take no more, just come.

But this was going to be something different, something new. Jen's website made no bones about her oral skills and that was what I was really looking for, a slow, sexy, blow job.

Average to tall, with shoulder length blond hair and a cheeky grin, she welcomed me in. The silky, red, dress she almost wore, was long enough to be decent: just, and string thin straps supported the flimsy material over her breasts. The fact that she was not wearing a bra was immediately obvious. Definitely generous of breast: good!

She led me into a downstairs bedroom, right by the front door, with its own en-suite and offered me a shower, which I declined, just having had one before I left home. The large double bed, made up with a clean, crisp, white linen sheet tightly stretched across the mattress and several well stuffed pillows, looked inviting as the stage for a sexy adventure.

We dealt with finances, established that I was here for the full one hour girl friend experience, with the emphasis on oral.

Suddenly, and quite unexpectedly, she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me full on the lips, her tongue seeking out mine. Wow, I see what they mean about girl friend experience, so I let go and joined in.

Her breasts pushing up against my chest added to the eroticism of the moment as she broke from the kiss and ran her hands down my sides to the front of my trousers while sliding to her knees. She undid my belt, took hold of my zip, lowered it with tantalising slowness, looked up into my eyes with that cheeky grin and said.

"Time for my meet and greet." She gently lifted my stiffening cock from its cotton prison and wrapped her lips around the sensitive end, sucking enthusiastically while working some magic with her tongue. My cock naturally responded in the time honoured fashion and, as she murmured her approval, it came to attention.

"How many times do you want to come?" She didn't beat about the bush this lady and so I confessed to being a one trick pony.

"And how would you like that to be? In my mouth? In my pussy? Or is there any other way you'd like? I do lots of different things, like on my tits or snowballing."

I knew I wanted to come in her mouth particularly as it had been posted as her speciality on the web, but I had to confess I didn't know what snowballing was, and I was curious.

"You come in my mouth and, when I've got it all, I give you a long sexy kiss and you get it back."

I'd often considered tasting my come while masturbating but at orgasm the desire always went away rapidly so, although I had tasted pre-come and found it rather pleasant, I had not tried the real thing. Thinking it through, just having had one of her long sexy kisses, how could I resist?

"Snowball please," said my mouth.

I'd once had a blow job from a lady who insisted that the best bit for her was to swallow and keep sucking after I'd come. She got very carried away and quite honestly it hurt quite a bit as my cock had become hyper sensitive, but it hurt in a good way and I wanted to experience it again.

"After I come, I'd like you to keep sucking until I say 'red'. I am bound to say stop, because it is so sensitive but I want you to keep going until I say 'red' even if I beg you to stop."

"I'll try, but when you show first signs of distress I'll stop, OK?"

We agreed. She removed the rest of my clothes and indicated for me to lie on the bed. She lay on top and gave me a languorous kiss, searching out my tongue with hers.

Breaking from the embrace and dragging her flowing hair down my chest she set to work again. The anticipation of her mouth as her hair trailed over my cock was exquisite as I find long hair used as a sex toy totally irresistible.

She took my cock between her lips and sucked me gently while setting to work massaging my balls. This lady had spectacular oral skills, I was in for a real treat. The things she could do with her tongue produced such dramatic results that I thought the hope of lasting the full one hour was going to be a bit too optimistic.

She sensed the tide of pleasure building and knelt up between my thighs, pulling the red satin concoction over her head revealing her magnificent breasts for the first time, but it wasn't her breasts that really caught my eye, it was her pierced navel! She slowly and sensuously lowered her breasts on to my chest, lay on top of me and reached behind her to grasp my cock.

I was a little uneasy as it felt just as if I was sliding it into her eager pussy. She sensed my unease and, with her mouth pressed up close to my ear, breathed out sensuously.

"Don't worry, I know exactly where you are." So I relaxed and she continued whatever magic she was working.

"Doesn't that feel just like fucking? It feels as if you have just entered me doesn't it? Now imagine you stiff cock entering my nice wet pussy, and you're really fucking me. You'd like that wouldn't you? So would I! I'd so like that cock deep in my pussy so that I could fuck you from up here while you play with my tits. I like having my tits played with while riding cow girl, my nipples get so sensitive."

Wow! Once again she stopped before the tide came in too far, before I reached the point of no return.

"Shall we fuck now?"

And before I had time to think she had ripped open a condom, popped it in her mouth, and rolled it onto my cock with her lips.

"Did the piercing hurt?" I asked slightly stunned.

"Which one?"

"You have more than one?"

"Oh yes, navel and clit hood, look."

And she crawled up the bed, legs astride my chest and showed me the little gold stud that pierced her clit hood vertically.

"It rubs on my clit when I fuck and brings me exquisite orgasms. Let's fuck now and you'll see how excited I get."

She lowered her pussy, cowgirl style, on to my waiting cock which slipped in slowly and she started to grind her clit on the base of my shaft. Sure enough she became very animated very quickly and I knew I couldn't take much more so I suggested I go down on her.

"Like sixty nine?" She asked and rose majestically off my cock, discarded the condom, spun round and, taking me in her mouth, presented me with this magnificent view of her pussy with it's golden piercing. She sucked, I lapped at the stud. The effect on her was electric and it didn't take long before her tide definitely came in.

"Time for the main event." She said as she slid down the bed, took my cock in her mouth, eased back my foreskin and started to lick the sensitive frenulum. Obviously she could tell when a man is just about to come, as she stopped just before the point of no return: several times. I actually lost count. Agony, sweet agony.

Next came the deep throat, which was a first for me, I was not expecting the noises or the sensations as she used her throat to swallow my cock as far as it would go, literally fucking me with her throat. Noisy, messy and so erotic. Again she sensed my excitement as she looked up in to my eyes and went back to work gently with her tongue and her mouth.

Then the suction increased markedly as did the sensations.

This time there was no holding back as I approached the point of no return. We sailed straight through that. She sensed it and smiled her sexy smile as she stared into my eyes. She fondled my balls with one hand while pinching a nipple with the other. The tension of the whole session was about to be released, all that sexy talk, the meet and greet, the oral, the cow girl, the pierced clit and navel, the sixty nine, the pressure was irresistible. Tsunami, I came.

I came, and kept coming in spasms that shook my whole body, she sucked, I came some more, my balls emptied into that delicious mouth. She kept sucking. It hurt, just as I knew it would, but it was a sweet pain almost ecstatic. She kept sucking and the hyper sensitive end of my cock was yelling to be left alone. I stood it for as long as I could but eventually every nerve in my glans was screaming. I tried to stay silent but the feelings were too strong: I gasped, she stopped.

She slid her mouth off my cock with closed lips and wriggled up my torso with a wicked grin on her face. I had almost changed my mind about how sexy a snowball might be. It is one thing contemplating it in a state of high sexual arousal but quite another just after you've come and your cock is throbbing with post orgasmic sensitivity. Her mouth approached mine. Lips contacted lips. As we kissed, her mouth opened and so did mine. Slightly reluctantly, I took it all and noticed it was creamy but I swallowed before I could really taste it.

"I thought you were going to change your mind." She giggled.

"So did I, but I'm glad I didn't."

"Creamy isn't it? You took much more sucking after you came than I thought you would. A lot of men get so sensitive that they can't stand it at all. You really surprised me.

"Now lie on your stomach. There is still some time left and I'm going to give you a lovely relaxing massage," and she did.

I couldn't help reflecting back to my early massage parlour experiences,

"This is where It all began." I thought.

As always, all comments are welcome. Good, bad or indifferent.