 So, you want more. I knew you would. It's hard to resist once you get started, isn't it? I know what it's like. And you know that as well. That's why you came back to me. You know that you don't even have to tell me what you need, because I'm already prepared to provide it all for you.

Do you mind if I get undressed first? I want you to watch me. You know, I've seen you watch me before. I hope that means you like what you see. Do you like when I sway my hips a little as I undress for you? I actually bought these panties and this bra just for you. Maybe I should leave them on for a moment to tease you. I'll help you undress first before I take them off.

Oh wow, you look so wonderful in what you're wearing right now. It's a shame to take it off. I know maybe that it's not your favorite outfit, but you look so unbelievably sexy all the time. The only thing that can convince me to take it off of you is the knowledge that there's something even better underneath. Oh my, even though I've seen your chest before, it's amazing every time I see it. 

Let's stop for a moment. It's lovely to see you in this state of half-undress. It's difficult to keep myself from touching you. What? You don't mind a little touch right now? Let me just run my hands over your chest. Mmmm. Perfect. Now, let's get those bottoms off. Oh, you didn't wear any underwear! You're so naughty. I love it. I hope you did that just as a surprise for me. 

Come here for a moment; let's look at you in the mirror. I know that you may not think of yourself as looking great, but let me show you what I see. Look at your face. Those amazing eyes, those kissable lips…you have to know that your face looks wonderful. And look at your body. Oh, maybe you think this is too big or that is too small, but I don't see any of that. In fact, it's hard to stop myself from touching you this very moment. Why don't I start touching you while you watch us in the mirror?

Oooh, you like that, don't you? My fingers know exactly where to go as they explore your body. Keep watching yourself; keep watching me. Look at how fantastic we look together. You, completely nude, and me, in my bra and panties…

Have you ever done this before? Watched as you touched yourself, maybe? Seen how your own sexy body reacts? It's so much better than porn; it's you, the real live you making your own body squirm. It's nothing to be embarrassed of, enjoying how you look. I know I certainly love the way you look. 

I hope you love the way I look. Do you like my breasts? You seemed to enjoy them, before. You seemed to enjoy the way my nipples get hard for you, the light pink areolas that surround them, how they feel cupped in your hands. I think maybe you should take off my bra for me, so you can see them, again. You must have missed feeling them. Maybe you could stand behind me and massage my breasts as we watch ourselves in the mirror. Ooh, I've never had anyone make my nipples get as hard as you get them for me. The way your fingers gently pull and play with them is like how no one else has ever done. 

Mmmm. I hope I'm not being too selfish having you continue to caress my breasts. It's just so amazing the feelings you create within me. After you, I'm not sure how any other lover will ever be able to compare. You don't mind that we spend so much time focusing on my breasts, do you? I think you love feeling them almost as much as I love them being felt. 

But, this wasn't supposed to be about me this time. I want this to be about you. I want to help make you feel as good as I possibly can, because this time it was you who came to me. But, even though it was you who came back for more, you know that I wanted you just as badly.

Oh no, don't do that. Please don't pull away. Please don't make me beg for it. Oh, that's what you want, isn't it? You want me to beg for you. Oh god, please, keep touching me. Please. I'll do anything you want as long as you give me back your wonderful hands. Or your perfect tongue and mouth. Just thinking about it is making me squirm. Ah, this is agonizing having you so close yet you're unwilling to touch me. What more can I say? What more can I do? Please, I'll do anything. I really will do anything.

What? Right now? Across your lap? I didn't think that this is what you would want…You'll be gentle, right? Gentle as you slap my ass? I know that you've enjoyed looking at it. Ooh. That feels good actually. That light spank made my pussy quiver just a little. Just one? You're stopping there? Oh, because I liked it, hunh? So, now you're trying to tease me.

First you make me beg for you, and then you tease me. You enjoy that I want you this bad, don't you? God, well…it's not like I can really be upset with you. Because I love it all, too. But, please use me now. I need you so bad. I really do. And I want you to need me too. Please, let me stop begging, and stop teasing me, just touch me, already. And let me touch you, too. 

Oh god, thank you. Oh my…oh god…oh yes. Please keep rubbing my clit like that. Oh god. But, wait. Let me take off my panties so that there is more room for your hand to move around. Ooh, that's better, don't you think? Do you love how smooth my pussy is for you? You know what I do sometimes, when you're not around. I sit down, in front of this very mirror, and I spread myself wide open. 

Once I'm spread open, first I'll just spend some time looking. But then I begin to play. You wouldn't believe how erotic it is to be able to watch myself as I insert a finger inside myself. What, you want to see me do it right now? But, I so much prefer your touches to mine. Well, maybe I could, just for a little bit. I do so love it to have people watch me.

Oh yes. It's even better to watch your face as I touch myself for you. Oh god, for some reason, when you're watching me touch myself, it feels better than when I'm alone. It's still not as good as your touch, but, god, it's pretty damn good. What? You want me to slide two fingers slowly into my wet, slippery pussy? Oooh. That was such a good idea. I love the feeling of something inside of me. 

But, why not replace my fingers with yours? Mmmmm. That's even better. Ooh, you know just how to move your fingers, each wiggle, and each movement seems to find all the right spots inside of me to make me moan out with pleasure. I don't know how you have managed to get so good. Oh, yes, keep going. Just like that.

Do you mind if I touch you now, as well? Oh, thank you! Ooh, touching you softly while your fingers explore inside of me feels so wonderful. Oh god, please don't stop. Oh yes, keep doing that. Exactly like that. Oh god, yes, touch my clit at the same time. Please…yes…please…oh god. More, just a little more…I feel like I'm going to explode. I can feel every part of me tense. Please, just like that…What? You stopped! I can't believe you stopped. I was so close…you're evil, you know that?

Oh god, oh, thank you, oh, you started again. Oh yes. Oh god yes. Just…oh yes…oh yes…oh god. Keep going. Almost there. Oh god yes. Ohhh yes.

Wow. That was amazing. So intense. Oooh, it got you even more excited, too, didn't it? Mmmm. How about I give you a little lick or two. Oh, you taste so amazing. Let me give you a little kiss down there. Mmmm, perfect. I hope you enjoy how my tongue and lips feel. Oooh. Let me touch you while my lips and tongue continue to caress your skin. Oh yes, mmm, I love making you feel good.

Oh, oh my! You're cumming already! Mmm, wonderful. That was perfect. I love the way you cum. You know, I really am so glad you decided to come back for more.