 ...we headed of to the showers, Mandy looked stunning wearing only a long purple tank-top style shirt that reached barely past her ass and almost covered her 46 dd's. She got a lot of attention from nearly everyone we passed, added to her collection of mardi-gras beads and told me she enjoyed showing off her body more than she expected to, did I mention she wasn't wearing panties?

"We may not have as long as last time to shower, looks like there's a line for hot water." I warned Mandy as we got closer.

"I thought you might be needing a cold shower, Wayne, judging from the tent in your shorts!"

"I might need a cold shower; but your hot body would take better care of me. We've got plenty of time to kill today."

She giggled and we headed for the unheated showers instead of the ones with really hot water. Taking a "cold" outdoor shower in Oklahoma in late June isn't much of an inconvenience, there's only a few degrees difference between the water on both sides. We found an open spot and slipped in, quickly dropping our clothes (what little bit there was) on the bench along the side wall. The slightly cool water felt great, rinsing off the dust and sweat from a busy night. The cool water did have the effect of causing Mandy's nipples to stand at attention which made me lean forward to suck the drops off. We soaped up and used our bodies to spread the suds all over each other; I paid special attention to her soft round ass, sliding my stiff dick between them. We were both moaning loudly, drawing laughs and comments from the shower stall next to us.

"What's going on over there, sounds like a party getting started?" Asked a woman's voice.

"He's just trying to get some more playing with my butt. He's not getting anymore of THAT this morning!"

The laughter of two voices made me think of being watched or watching someone else getting some. I whispered into Mandy's ear asking if we should invite our neighbors over. She responded by grinding her ass against me and clinching her checks around my cock.

"Hey, brother, you guys wanna come over and join us, there's plenty of room in here?" Was the question a male voice asked us before I could say the same thing?

We disentangled ourselves, grabbed our towels and clothes and stepped out of our shower and into the one next door. We were treated to the sight of a tall, long haired dude with lots of ink standing under the showers stream and a short plump redhead knelling in front of him eagerly sucking his dick. My hands went to Mandy's boobs and I slipped my still erect slippery cock between her check again. The guy waved at us and the lady on her knees took her mouth off him long enough to get a good look at us before she resumed her assault on what looked like a cock a bit longer than mine. Mandy moaned again and asked me to rinse off mine because she was ready for some sausage for breakfast. We all laughed at that and I stepped under the shower to clean the soap off of my dick. The redhead watched as we duplicated the actions they were doing. Mandy slowly deep throated my cock while massaging my balls. The tall guy slipped his dick free and sat on the bench along the wall out of the showers spray and pulled the girl onto his lap facing us as he slipped into her pussy. A groan escaped her lips as he reached around and started playing with her and the soft red fuzz on her mound.

We were able to watch them screwing only a few feet away, but I wanted to get my hands on Mandy's pussy before I exploded in her mouth. She backed off of me, we both sat on the bench opposite the new couple, my hand found her clit and I spread her lips to keep a finger or two on the slippery button. After a couple minutes my hand was soaking in her juice and I thought she might be close to cumming, I know I was. We were watching her ride him and the sounds were making me think they were both close. Suddenly she clinched her legs together, closed her eyes tightly and let out a moan that must have been a great orgasm. I tweaked Mandy's clit as the other lady relaxed with her eyes still closed and she rewarded me with a fresh supply of jism from her cunt as she came, too. He stopped thrusting into her as she came down and held her against his chest to keep her from collapsing off the bench. After she got her composure back she slipped off his lap, kissed him and started to give him a very slow hand job using her juice as lube. Mandy mimicked her action and began jacking me in rhythm with the redhead. 

"Baby, are you going to shoot all over for me?" The redhead asked as she gave a few fast hard strokes to his cock.

"Me too, Wayne, I want you load all over my tits!" And Mandy started stroking me faster, too.

That must have been the magic phrase as both I and the tall dude shot loads at nearly the same moment. I relaxed and nearly slid off the bench. Mandy's tits were covered in my cum, she gathered a drop on a finger and licked it clean while watching our new friends to see what they're reaction would be. The redhead smiled and leaned over to slip his cock into her mouth removing her lips to show the now clean head. We were both still sporting partial hard-ons; but I was till surprised when I heard the redhead ask:

"That one looks like it still ready for some more and I know Mike can go again, want to swap dicks for a while?"

"Sure I like the look of his dick, maybe a little longer than Wayne" she said giving me a tug "but this one's nice and thick!"

The girls trade places and all Mike and I could do was sit back and enjoy the new mouths and hands on our cocks. The plump redhead had fantastic tits and I managed to get my hands on them while she sat next to me alternating between stroking my dick and leaning forward to lick and suck the head. It was a treat to watch Mandy going to work on the other cock, I'd only been with her for two days but I knew how good she was and how much she liked new experiences. Must have been by an unspoken agreement that there was not going to be any penetration during this swap, both girls were really going after the new cocks at their disposal. Seeming to be determined to get both Mike and me to cum again as soon as possible they both wanted to see what the other was doing and still work the cum from us. The redhead's skills in handling a dick had me struggling to control my orgasm in only a few minutes she sensed I was getting close and varied the pace to keep me on the edge.

"Wayne, honey, how close are you? I want to see both you guys shooting at the same time again!" Mandy gave the dick in her hands a couple fast strokes and the squeezed the base.

"Me too, guys, I want you both cumming at the same time. I need to taste you both!"

She stroked me quickly and squeezed me; too, knowing it was almost time. Both girls started stroking again watching each other and judging how close we were.

"That's it I'm there, squeeze it off and wait for Wayne!"

"Me too keep going I'm cumming, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Both of our cocks sent steams of cum arcing into the air. Mandy reacted first catching Mike's second blast on her tits. The redhead slipped my cock into her mouth just as my second blast escaped; she swallowed it and let the rest fly and then ooze down her hand. Mandy repeated her action of gathering a scoop of cum on a finger and slowly licking it clean.

"Yum, fresh cum in the morning. And a new flavor, too."

Mike and the redhead got under the shower for a quick rinse and waved as they stepped out of the stall. We followed a few minutes later, clean and refreshed. Walking back downhill to the camp we laughed because we'd just had a great time with two strangers and never got the redheads name. Back at camp it was time to head off to get Mandy back to the airport. We got her stuff packed up and strapped on, as we turned out I saw Crazy Jerry and asked him to tell Tony that I'd be back for my gear later.

"So, what do you think about bike rallies?" I asked.

"Are they always this much fun?"

"Not always this much, depends on who's here and who you're with!"