 Margaret could see he was in one of his moods again. He was a true Capricorn, so she had grown used to his capriciousness over the years. Sitting on the couch, she could sense his frustration, the subtle sighing and eyebrow raising he went through as he watched her reality shows with her, biting his tongue and fiddling with his phone. It was like he was there, but only in the least possible way. She was used to this. After the kids, so much had changed, but the sexless part, that was the worst. She wasn't sure why she'd lost interest, but she had, and fighting that had been futile. She just wasn't interested most of the time and she didn't know why. 

She truly loved him though, and even though his cynicism pissed her off whenever he let it get the best of him, she appreciated how he tried to swallow his criticism of her favorite junk television, even when he was irritated with whatever it was that was bothering him. He would never tell her. 

He was a wonderful father, and he always brought home his half of the bacon too. He even tried to help with the house, although his heart wasn't ever in it. Sure, he was about 100 pounds overweight, which turned her off, but he loved her, and that turned her on. "If he can stomach these shows, then I can certainly think of something to make the show a little less painful for him," she thought. "I bet I can make him lose interest in that phone in any case." 

She got up and went to the bedroom on the next commercial break and took off her panties. Next, she picked out a pair of super thin running shorts. They were just a bit small on her, so she really only kept them around because she knew he had a fetish for slick clothing like nylon, spandex and polyester. With these being so tight, they usually clung to her mound, giving her a pretty graphic camel toe. This did nothing for her, but she knew he loved it. Next, she took her shirt off to reveal her tits for him and squirted a bunch of lube in her right hand. Even if she didn't want to fuck him tonight, maybe she could make him smile. 

She was already pretty hot and bothered when she strolled back into the living room and plopped down on his left side, like she always did, and that pleasantly surprised her. However, her silly man was in such a mood that he didn't even look up from the damn phone, so he didn't even see how wantonly she was splayed out for him. "It's like he's totally ignoring me," she thought. Even though she was annoyed, her pussy started to leak as she put the second part of her plan into action.

Without any hesitation, she reached over with her left hand and pulled his sweatpants open, then jammed her right hand into his pants, grabbing and fondling his cock, which instantly began to swell as she established a slow and steady rhythm. She saw the surprise on his face for only an instant, and then he looked at her with the face of a man who'd just won the lottery. He didn't say anything, but he smiled at her, genuinely happy. Why hadn't she ever thought of this before? 

Next she saw his eyes scanning her tits as they gently jiggled from her fingers stroking his now throbbing cock. He let out a gentle moan as he moved his left hand to grab her exposed thigh. His hand relaxed and started stroking up her leg, inexorably drawn to her throbbing pussy. She could tell he was slowing himself down, savoring the moment, but struggling not to just pounce on her. It gave her a giddy feeling in her guts, and she squeezed his dick a bit extra, hissing in a deep breath making her perky tits heave in the flickering light of her show.

She leaned back and continued her slow and steady stroking and even started to watch her show again as he massaged her thigh, ever inching closer to where her shorts wetly squeezed her slick and puffy lips together. After a while she forgot she was even giving him a handjob and started getting drawn into the show again, but then she noticed he was getting more insistent with his rubbing. She increased her pace, just slightly, and started adding little flourishes with her fingertips as she reached the crown of his penis, only to then stroke down and play with his balls. Within a few seconds of this, his breath had grown ragged and he was having a hard time sitting still. She smiled to herself, surprised to find she was actually enjoying some sexy time with her husband. She couldn't remember the last time his dick had been so hard! "It's a shame," she thought, "If he wasn't so passive, I might even be down with getting pounded a bit tonight." 

As if he could read her submissive thought, he suddenly sprang off the couch and picked her up in a fireman's carry over his shoulder, which caused a girlish squeal to involuntarily squeak out of her luscious lips, and then he carried her into the bedroom. She could feel his rough hands gripping her body as he crossed the threshold into the bedroom. "So my Yellowbird wants to play tonight, eh?" he whispered into her ear. "Well I'm gonna make her sing until her throat is sore tonight." Hearing him use her special name and feeling his hot breath on her neck flicked a switch inside her, and suddenly she was sopping wet and needing to be fucked. 

He threw her on the mattress on her belly with her legs hanging off the edge of the bed and pinned her there with his pulsing iron rod mashed up against the shiny fabric of her running shorts. He started sliding the head up and down her crack and against her waiting pussy. "Oh God, I need your cock in me," she moaned. He slapped her ass roughly, then stroked it softly, sending chills up her spine and into her brain. 

"Do you know how long I have waited for you to get your mojo back? Do you know how long I've wanted to do this?" he cried, and then he yanked the shorts aside without taking them off, revealing her dripping pussy and her slick swollen mound. He slipped his cock between the fabric and her skin and started pumping back and forth, splitting her lips with a penis that had to somehow be bigger than it had ever been before. Just when she couldn't take anymore, he quit teasing her and plunged into her swollen pussy.

The combination of his sudden penetration and the shorts bunching over her clit set off her first orgasm in at least a month. Her knees trembled and she cried out his name. "Oh God Green, fuck me, please fuck me now!"

He started pounding her relentlessly, like a man possessed. She reveled in the feel of being taken, of being penetrated, of having her breasts mashed against the bed as her entire body jerked with each of his massive thrusts. She'd forgotten that even though he was fat, he was also strong. It was like being fucked by a bull, and she bit her lip as another orgasm rushed through her, soaking his cock in her juices. 

He grabbed the back of her neck and brought her shoulders up against his chest, still ramming her pussy, and he whispered to her, "I love you so much." It was right then that he threw her back against the bed, flipped her over and took her missionary style, just like he had on her wedding night. He had a feral look as he held her legs back, doubled his thrusting pace and started to grunt like a rutting beast. She came a third time, harder than before. She was shaking all over as he finally let out an animalistic bellow and his dick swelled and started pumping her pussy full of his semen. The sloppy noises that followed pleased her as he gradually slowed down and slipped out of her. She laid there on her back staring at the ceiling, feeling his cum start to drain from her pussy and drip down towards her asshole. 

Suddenly, she felt his hand there, scooping up his cum and slowly fingering her pussy, coating his fingers in the mix of their juices. He took those fingers and stuck them into her open mouth, and she revelled in the pure naughtiness of it. But then something happened that had never happened before. He kissed her, hard, with his tongue on hers, and they shared the flavor of their lovemaking. Then he kissed her gently on her collarbone, her chest and on to her navel, then finally he settled on her pussy. "Wha," she started to ask, but he lifted his hand and covered her mouth. "I want to do this for you," he said. He then proceeded to clean out her pussy completely, bringing her to yet another gentler orgasm in the process.

The words surprised her when they came out of hermouth, because she'd never been one for dirty talk: "Since when are you not afraid of a sloppy, cum-filled pussy," she teased as they both lay panting on the bed. 

"Since you've been gone,as far as your libido goes," he said, gazing into her crystal blue of her eyes, "I got lonely, and withdrawn from you. I started reading about sex, since I wasn't having any. I started dreaming about sex. At first I was bitter and angry towards you. Slowly though, I opened up to a lot of things. One day it occurred to me that you'd playfully asked me to go down on you after we'd had sex before, but that I'd acted like nothing could be more gross. I matched my reaction to your request with the way you react to my advances when you can't get in the mood. I started hating myself for denying you that, even if you weren't really serious. I guess I just had a feeling that I had been selfish, and I never noticed it until we spent so long being celibate. I promised myself that if I ever got another chance to make love to you, I would correct that oversight, even if you'd forgotten the whole thing. I love you, and now that you feel like you can enjoy sex again, despite this gross body of mine, I feel like there is no fantasy we can't explore together." 

Margaret's eyes welled up with tears of joy as she realized that it had been the lack of sex that had made him so morose so often, and so distant. He'd been as lonely as she had been! Who would have thought that something as easy and simple as a handjob, offered out of compassion, could do so much for a marriage? She had a feeling that there wouldn't be so much of that moody introspection going on in the near future. She felt like a newlywed again, and judging by his confident smile and already recovering erection, so did he. She heard him sigh, but this time, it sounded like love.