 She was sitting in a restaurant with her husband and his parents. Her name was Veronica. She was wearing a short black dress that cut almost to her tummy exposing ample cleavage. If one looked close enough you could almost see her nipples. She was 5'3 blonde hair to her waist, big blue eyes and legs for days. She had 36 G breasts and an ass that was perfect. It was round and spankable but yet firm and delectable.

Her husband was 6'1 brown hair and green eyes. He was built and had the arms of a protector. He was dressed in a nice suit and tie and looked yummy. He loved showing her off to anyone that he passed. His mom was dressed in an elegant emerald green skirt suit that showed just enough cleavage to make the men notice her. She had nice curves for anyone's mother. She was blonde and had deep green eyes. She was 5'6 and had 36 D breasts. Her husband was 6'4 and had brown hair and blue eyes. He was built much like his son. He also wore a nice suit and tie. 

Each of them was in a conversation about their jobs or where they wanted to go for vacation. Veronica decided she was bored listening to the others talk nonstop and made her way to the bathroom. While she was there she sent a picture to her husband. She was hoping him seeing the picture he would decide to take her home. She got a reply back but it was not from her husband. She accidentally sent it to her father in law, Mark. 

She always had a little crush on Mark anyway and she saw how he always watched her closely. She figured why not play a little. The picture she sent was of her pussy and her finger on her slit. So she decided to go a step farther. She removed her panties and walked out of the bathroom. She saw mark sitting at the bar on the phone.

She placed her black and red laced thongs in his pocket and went back to the table. She looked over and saw his eyes when he realized what she had done. He pulled them to his nose and carefully put them back into his jacket pocket.

When Mark got back to the table he looked at her and smiled. He sent her a text telling her thank you. She looked over and saw he was pitching a tent in his pants. She immediately started getting wetter than she already was. She reached down and rubbed her inner thigh and found the moisture that was running out of her pussy. She placed her finger in her mouth and winked at Mark.

Mark looked at her in lust. She upped the ante and leaned over to kiss her husband with her juices on her tongue. Her husband was caught off guard and smiled at her with knowing lust. While her husband went back to talking with his mom, Veronica reached over and grabbed Mark's dessert spoon from the table. She got up to go to the bathroom with her glass. She used the glass to catch as much of her juices as she could. Mark texted her that he needed a scotch after that. So veronica takes the glass to the bar and has the bartender fill it with scotch. She sat down at the table and placed the glass in front of him. 

Veronica then replaced his spoon beside him and watched him stir his scotch. He drank hungrily from the glass and licked his lips greedily. She was so turned on she was wiggling in her chair. She was getting the chair wet and she knew she would stain her dress if she did not get her panties back.

Mark saw her dilemma and told her she could have them back to keep dry, but only if she inserted them into her pussy and provided proof that she did so. After their food finally arrived she felt it was safe to return to the restroom. She recorded herself putting her panties in her pussy and sent it to Mark. Once veronica was back at the table she ate rather seductively, letting her asparagus slide into her mouth gently before slowly biting it. By the time their meal was finished, her husband Brian and his mom Cara decided to stay and continue catching up and have desert. Veronica told her husband that she was ready to go home and get comfortable. Mark offered to take her home announcing that he had business to deal with anyway and that Brian could pick up the tab.

Brian kissed his wife and Mark kissed his wife and Mark and Veronica walked outside to the valet. Mark held the door for Veronica and watched as the valet saw her pussy as she climbed into the Ferrari. Mark climbed in the driver seat and placed his hand on Veronica's thigh. 

She wiggled a little bit and smiled at him. Mark decided he wanted to feel those breasts that have always taunted him so he reached over and rubbed down her cleavage. She reached over and undid his pants. She slowly withdrew his cock and began sucking on it. He was having a hard time driving while her mouth did things he never could have imagined. 

She sat up refusing to make him cum. She wanted to tease him some first. They finally pulled up outside Veronica's house and walked inside. She told him thank you for everything and went to walk inside. He grabbed her arm and kissed her like she had never been kissed before. 

He then led her into the house upstairs to her bed and laid her down. He let his eyes and hands roam over her body. He pulled her up and took off her dress and her bra. He then laid her back down and started playing with her clit while sucking on her nipples. She was beside herself with the sensations Mark was giving here then stuck his tongue inside her pussy and felt her panties just out of reach. He pulled the panties out a fraction with his fingers then he resumed eating her. 

When she was about to cum he grabbed the panties with his teeth and started pulling them out slowly. Then he stopped just before she came and pulled a little more. Finally he placed his mouth over her pussy and started lightly biting her clit and flicking it with his tongue as his fingers pulled the thong completely out. He then took the panties and placed them in her mouth while he placed his fingers in her pussy.

He was making her cum over and over. He wouldn't stop. Finally he got up pulled her by her hair and flipped her over. He rammed his hard throbbing cock into her pussy over and over. He fingered her tight little ass while he fucked her. Before he came he pulled his long thick cock out of her pussy and shoved it in her ass. He fucked her and filled her with his seed. He then took the panties from her mouth and shoved them in her ass to keep it there. He played with her clit some more and then he left. Sending her a text that this would happen again and not to remove the panties until the next morning. 

She put her sexy nighty on and lay in bed just as her husband walked in the bedroom. He kissed her deeply and grabbed her breasts. He laid her down and ripped her clothes off her for making him suffer with a hard on all night after kissing him with her juices. He licked her pussy and fingered her until she was ready to explode. He then shoved his cock deep into her pussy and fucked her almost as well as his father had just a few minutes before. When he was finished he made her suck his cock and again played with her clit. She sucked him until he was hard again and ready for another round. He decided to roll her over and fuck her in the ass. He found her thong and pulled it out just as his father had instructed and commenced to banging her cum filled ass until she came again.