 My best friend called me to go to some dinner with him for his new job. I agreed because he was new to the area after moving across the country for a job. We had met on line and when he got the job offer to move closer to me, he jumped at it. It was also a job offer of a lifetime. He was doing what he loved and was getting paid well for it. 

The night of the dinner he met me at my front door in a tux with two-dozen of my favorite lavender roses. There was a limo waiting into the driveway. He went all out for this event and I was impressed. He was usually a t-shirt and jeans kind of guy, so to see him in a tux was a treat. 

We danced all night and being in his arms felt natural. Almost as if I belonged there. During one slow song, he kissed me and it felt right.

We started making out in the limo on the way back to my place because we both had too much to drink. When we got to my place I told him to let the limo go and spend the night with me. He agreed and tipped the driver. 

As soon as we got in the house we were all over each other. He helped me out of my dress and I could tell by the bulge in his pants that he liked my corset and stockings. I helped him out of his tie and shirt and he carried me up to my bedroom. He put me down on the bed and took the rest of his clothes off except a pair of really sexy black silk boxers. I wondered to myself if he bought them for the occasion. He knew I had a thing for black silk boxers. We kissed and caressed each other. I reached for him and he was hard already. I stroked him lightly and I thought he was going to go out of his mind. He moaned softly and I picked up the pace. He started stroking my clit and I moaned with him. He made me flip over so we could lick each other. I started sucking on him as he started nibbling on my clit. Waves of pleasure were racking my body as I sucked him harder. I sucked on his balls and he was ready to blow. He wanted us to cum together so he started fingering me with three fingers and I was riding his hand like an animal. I wanted to cum as much as he wanted me to. Fireworks went off in my body as I felt his burning hot juices enter my mouth. I went limp and enjoyed the aftershocks. He rolled over and pulled me into his arms and kissed me.

"I love you", he said. I looked at him and laughed.

" Yeah right. Mr. Flavor of the week. Tell me another lie." I said. 

"I'm gay." He said laughing. "Coulda fooled me," I said laughing harder than him. After that performance, there was no way he could be gay. 

We kissed for a bit then he slid down the bed and spread my legs. As "Hotel California" by the Eagle's played, he licked me until I melted in his mouth. He flicked my nipples until I made him stop. He slid between my legs and slowly entered my soaking wet pussy. He filled me well and every thrust sent me further out of my mind. As he shoved his rock hard cock deeper and deeper into me, I reached down and played with my clit. I moaned with ecstasy as the pressure within me built towards orgasm. I arched my back and met him with every stroke. I could feel his balls harden as I played with them. "Fuck me. Fuck me. Harder baby. Ohhhh god yes. Don't stop. Please baby.. FUCK ME." I screamed. For once in his life he listened to me and I was going nuts. 

"Oh my god, I'm gonna blow." He said.

"Cum inside me. I want to feel it." 

Hot streams of cum filled me as I came with him and my soaking wet pussy milked him for all he was worth. The two of us moaning together as we both came. My entire body starts contracting and chills running down my spine. My body won't stop convulsing and my mind melts, as he pulls out of me, limp and spent. He rolls over and draws me into his arms, kisses me and tells me that he loves me.

"I love you too baby. I love you too." I said as I fell asleep dreaming of our next time.