 DISCLAIMER: No, this story is not real. Hell, it might not even sound realistic. The people are real (although the names have been changed), but that's about it. I'm not big on build-up or character development, so if that's what you're looking for, prepare to be disappointed. I hope you enjoy it, but if you don't I probably won't lose any sleep over it...

*******************

I've always enjoyed a nice massage, but it was rare that I ever treated myself to one. It was with a great deal of excitement, therefore, that I walked into one of the local day spas for my appointment. I was offered something to drink, which I declined, and was greeted shortly thereafter by Carly, the woman who would be giving me my massage. When I saw her, I seriously considered asking for a different girl. She was probably in her mid-twenties with long, blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. She had a few extra pounds on her, something I find quite attractive in a woman. Her breasts were probably a B-cup, and they were contained by a very sexy red spaghetti-strap top, cut low enough to show what cleavage her breasts were able to create. My concern was that I would get so turned on during my massage that my hard-on might offend her. I decided against making a change, however, and proceeded to follow Carly into the room.

She left me to disrobe, returning a few minutes later with some steamed towels. As she began rubbing my back, she apologized because her shirt kept lightly brushing against my back. I told her not to worry about it, although in my head I wished I could tell her to take it off.

The massage itself was wonderful, but I found myself getting turned on as she worked her way down to my lower back and around my hips. The situation worsened when she uncovered my legs one at a time and started working on them. I could feel my cock harden, and I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it once I rolled onto my back.

A few minutes later, after she was done with my legs and feet, she held the blanket up for me to roll over before placing it back on top of me. My cock was quite hard, so the only way it was comfortable, without drawing attention to it, was to point it up towards my stomach. I'm not exactly huge, but I am quite big (almost eight inches long and about six inches around), so when she lowered the blanket to my waist the head of my cock poked out.

"Ooops!" she exclaimed. "Sorry!" She quickly covered it back up.

"Don't apologize," I said. "I'm one who's sorry. I don't want to make you uncomfortable."

"Are you kidding?" she replied. "Do you think you're the first guy I've had get hard during a massage? I take it as a compliment."

"You should," I said. She smiled at me, then continued to rub my chest and abdomen. As she did this, she let her hands slide underneath the blanket, in between my cock and my stomach. A few minutes later she slid her hand down further, rubbing my balls briefly before wrapping her hand around the shaft of my cock and stroking it. I reached down and pulled the blanket off of my cock so we could both see what she was doing.

"That feels amazing," I said. "I bet your mouth feels even better." She smiled at me, then bent down and licked the tip. She repeated this a few times before taking it into her mouth and sucking it. Amazingly, she was actually able to take the whole thing down her throat without even gagging. I was able to reach her, so I began caressing her ass and pussy through her pants.

"Can I return the favor and eat your pussy for you?" I asked. She straightened up and started to remove her clothes. When she was naked she climbed on top of me in a sixty-nine position, taking my cock back into her mouth and lowering her partially-shaved pussy to my face. I licked her enthusiastically, making her moan around my cock.

"You've got such a big cock," she said. "I'm so wet right now!" She was extremely wet, and I was loving the taste of her juices. A few minutes later I pushed her off of me and she got off the massage table. I stood up next to her, bent her over the table, then got behind her. I pushed the head of my cock into her pussy and slowly inched it in deeper. She was quite tight, so it was slow going at first, but she quickly loosened up. It only took a couple of minutes of my cock pumping into her before she had her first orgasm, after which I started fucking her harder.

"You are so fucking sexy!" I said to her as my cock slid in and out of her wet pussy. She reached back and started to rub her clit, moaning softly. "This beats a massage any day! I love this sweet little pussy!"

"I love your fucking cock!" she cried. I started pulling her hair and fucking her harder until she came again. I pulled out of her and pushed her back onto the stool next to the table, then guided her face to my cock. She took me down her throat again, cleaning all of her juices off of me. I grabbed onto her ponytail and started to gently fuck her face.

"Take it down your throat, girl!" I said to her.

"I want to ride that big cock," she said as I let her have some air. She stood up and I took her place on the stool, then she straddled me and lowered her pussy onto my cock. She rode it slowly at first, then she picked up speed before slowing down again. She kept alternating the rhythm as she reached down to rub her clit. "I could get in so much trouble for this," she said. "I feel so slutty fucking one of my clients!"

"I love your pussy girl!" I said. "It feels so fucking good!"

"Your dick is so big!" she cried. "It's going to make me cum again!"

"Ride that dick baby! Bounce on that fucking cock!"

"Damn baby!" she cried. "My pussy is so wet for you!" A minute later she came hard, gasping for air. My orgasm was approaching as well, so I pushed her off of me.

"Can I cum on your face, baby?" I asked. She dropped to her knees on the floor as I stood over top of her and rubbed my cock. "Get ready for my cum girl! I'm going to cum any second!"

"I feel so fucking dirty!" she said. "Make me your slut baby!" She closed her eyes and let her mouth hang open naturally as the first shot hit her in the face. "Give me your cum baby! It feels so fucking sexy!"

"There it is baby!" I grunted. "All over your face! I'm covering that pretty face!" I finished cumming, then I helped her to her feet. She used one of the steamed towels to clean her face up, then she started to put her clothes on. "That was the best damn massage I've ever had," I said to her. "You've got yourself a repeat customer."

"I'll meet you out front so we can schedule your next appointment," she said with a smile, leaving me to get dressed...