 I stretched out on my bed, thinking about what had just happened. I had come from college excited to see my friends and family, not knowing what a hot woman my best friend Amanda had developed into while I was gone. We had gotten to talking, and before I even realized what was happening we had moved our relationship into a totally new place. I had fingered her to an incredible squirting orgasm, and then she had given me the blowjob of my dreams. And to top it all off, we were about to fuck.

But despite what I had just said to her, I was a little worried. The sex was incredible--as hot as anything I had ever fantasized about--but even with Mandy's assurances I wasn't sure what this meant for our friendship. Would this change things between us? And if so, for the better or for the worse?

My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the front door opening and my mom's voice calling up the stairs.

"Joel, are you and Mandy up there?" I scrambled to my feet and pulled my jeans up, even if they were damp still from Mandy's cum, buttoning my shirt as quickly as I could. I wasn't ready to tell my mom about the new place my relationship with my friend had gone to yet, and I definitely wasn't ready for her to see what a mess we'd already made of my room. Hell, I hadn't even unpacked yet!

I stuck my head out the door into the second floor hallway and shouted down, "Yeah, Mom, we're just hanging out! Mandy's in the bathroom, but we'll be down in a minute!"

I collected Mandy's shirt and skirt and balled them up in my hands and then softly slid into the hallway. My younger sister, Laila, who like Mandy had just graduated from high school, was just going into her room. Her eyebrows raised as she saw my flushed face and the ball of clothes in my hand, but she didn't say anything. She just shut the door behind her.

I tapped on the bathroom door with my fingertips and then let myself in. Mandy was standing at the sink, and I had to marvel again at her perfect body. She'd lost weight (and somehow increased her bust size to a 38DD) while I was gone, and in all the FaceTiming we'd done I hadn't noticed how incredibly gorgeous she had become. I'd noticed when the braces disappeared, of course, and I'd seen her raven-colored hair growing longer, but she had always just worn baggy and comfy clothes when we were talking. And hell, she kept the phone on her face, which had always been cute, but which now I saw with new eyes. Her little upturned nose, her green eyes flecked with brown, the little spray of freckles across her cheeks. It was a combination that left her looking like a "girl next door" model, especially when combined with her incredible figure.

Her breasts were so round and creamy, so goddamn big on her little frame, that she looked like she belonged on the pages of Playboy. Her narrow waist flared out just right into a rounded and shapely ass, and her legs were long and toned. My cock started to get hard again, and I thought about how I just wanted to sit there to hold and kiss and lick and nibble and stroke and squeeze and pinch and fuck that incredible body all day and all night.

Before I could say that to her, though, she whispered to me, "You didn't mean that, right, that we were just hanging out?"

Her bottom lip was wavering a little, and I realized I had upset her.

"What? No, of course not! I'm just not sure what to say to my mom yet, and I thought we could figure out how to explain our new relationship together. Maybe not tonight, but later. I don't know, it's just all so new. 'Mom, Mandy just gave me an amazing blowjob after I fingered her to orgasm, we'll be right down' didn't seem to be quite the right thing to say."

Her face brightened as she laughed. "No, I get that. I went into stupid girl mode there for a minute and thought maybe you were having second thoughts."

I grabbed her waist and pulled her to me, smashing her tits into my chest as I kissed her long and deep.

"Not even for a second," I said, trying to out my earlier thoughts behind me. She smiled and took the clothes out of my hand. 

"OK, then, you better get down there before it gets too hard to tear myself away from you," she said, grabbing my crotch through my pants.

I slipped out the door and ran down the stairs to see my mother sitting on the couch. Her eyes were closed, and for just a moment I admired her body too. It may have been clothed and 19 years older than Amanda's--she and my father had married young, when she was right out of high school--but it still looked incredible. If Mandy's tits were large, my mom's breasts were huge, like something out of a dirty movie, and with her long blonde hair and tall figure, she could have probably had a job as a lingerie model. Or a porn star. As it was she worked as a paralegal at a large law firm in town that specialized in Immigration and Employment cases, which she loved. It had good benefits, and though the pay wasn't quite as high as she wished it was, she always said she felt like she was doing something that mattered.

"Hey mom," I said now, flopping down beside her. "How was the cheerleading dinner?"

She rolled her eyes, but with a smile. "Oh God, Joel, I am so glad your sister is graduated. The looks the dads and male teachers at that school gave me were bad enough, like they wanted to eat me up. But the cheerleading moms? It's a whole different level of bitch than I ever knew existed."

I laughed.

"Did you and Mandy have fun catching up tonight?" 

Fuck yes we did. "Yeah, I've really missed her. We texted and FaceTimed a lot, but it's not the same as being with someone."

Mom sighed and put my arm around my shoulder, pulling me into a side hug. "No, it's not, hon. I've learned that too. I've missed you a lot this year. It'll be nice to have a man around the house, at least for a few months. And then Laila will be heading to school downtown and you'll be headed back to Colorado and I'll be in this empty old house all by myself."

I was surprised at how sad she sounded. I hadn't expected her to be feeling so lonely. 

"Mom, Laila's school is just twenty minutes away. You know she'll be back here all the time. Heck, maybe you could convince her to stay here instead of the dorms."

She shook her head. "No, Joel. I don't want to stand in the way of whatever she wants. Or you for that matter. I just want to set you on a course that will make you happy."

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Mandy coming down the stairs, her clothes back on like nothing had happened. "Mission accomplished, Mom. I'm happy. Hey, can I grab the car, I'm going to run Mandy home."

"Sure thing. The keys are in my purse. You might run up and change your pants though. Did you spell something on them? They're all wet."

***

Mandy and I sat in the car in the driveway of her house. We hadn't said much on the drive over to her place together, and I wasn't sure what to say now. Fortunately, she broke the ice for me.

"Hey, we're good, right? You still feeling okay about everything?"

I nodded. "I think so. Honestly, I'm still trying to wrap my mind around things though. I mean, I have totally missed you all year, but then to come home and see you in this whole new light. To see this new side of you. It's an adjustment. I was expecting to have a movie buddy and to hang out playing video games and board games and making fun of how people dressed at the mall. To sit on the couch and not care if I had crumbs on my shirt and point out who looks hot and who looks like they had too much plastic surgery on Big Brother. And now..."

"Now we can still do all of that. We will do all of that. I want all of that! I just want to add mind blowing sex to it too!"

I laughed. "Well, that sounds pretty good. I just really don't want to mess up what we have. You're one of the most important people in my life. I don't want you to be just a fuck-buddy."

She leaned her head on my shoulder. "If you're saying you want this to be a real relationship, Joel, well then duh, that's obviously what I want too. I realized months ago how much I wanted you. But I also get that I kind of threw myself at you tonight. And geez, I'm so embarrassed by the way my filter just turned off with you. I'm sure that was kind of weird. So I understand. You need to process how you feel. Here's my proposal: Think about it. If you think risking our friendship because we might break up weeks or months or years down the line is too much, I get it. Heck, I'll even feel flattered to know how much our friendship means to you. I'll be sad, and maybe we won't hang out quite so much this summer, but I promise, I don't want to lose your friendship either, so we'll make it work. No harm, no foul, just two awesome orgasms that we'll put behind us."

I wasn't sure how to respond. It seemed like either way it would be hard, if not impossible, to go back to our normal friendship. And I wasn't sure I even wanted to. But where did that leave us?

"Take a day or two or however long you need, and then call me and talk to me. Or come over or text or whatever is easiest. And I promise, even if you decide this is a bad idea, I'll be ok. Disappointed and a little heartbroken, but ok. Deal?"

I looked at her again. She was gorgeous in the moonlight. "Okay," I said. She gave me a peck on the cheek and opened the car door.

"I will appeal to your inner caveman though and remind you what an amazing time we just had; that could just be the tip of the sexual iceberg if you want it to be."

"You're not going to make this easy on me are you?"

"Well I'm definitely going to camp laugh for what I want, which is amazing friendship and making all of our sexual fantasies come true, but you know, you do you."

I laughed.

"Seriously, though, whatever you decide, we'll make it work. Oh! And before I forget, you know my mom is dying to see you. She's missed you too."

I smiled. Mandy's mom, Julia James, was a couple years older than mine, but every bit as beautiful. She was a dance teacher, with long legs, a gorgeously toned ass, and medium sized breasts--very different than Mandy, but with the same raven black hair. Julia always wore it piled up on her head in a messy bun. For several years she had been like a second mother to me, but just like my own mother it was hard not to think about how attractive she was. I had masturbated to fantasies of fucking her many times in high school. Who knew I was paying attention to the wrong James woman.

"Tell her I've missed her too," I said. "And I can't wait to have one of her famous chocolate caramel cookies."

Mandy smiled and shut the door. She looked over her shoulder at me as she unlocked the door to her house, flipping her skirt up briefly and flashing me her bare ass with a grin, then walked inside. I felt a warm glow in my chest.

***

I walked down the hall after my shower the next morning to find my sister sitting on my bed in her pajamas--a pair of short terry cloth shorts and a spaghetti strap tank top. Her arms were wrapped around her long, toned legs, knees up in front of her, and I could see the bottom of her ass hanging out. I could also tell she wasn't wearing a bra. Her chest was smaller than Mom's or Mandy's, but her round little breasts were taut and athletic B cups, and when she put her legs down as I walked in, I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were hard.

"Hey, Laila. You need something?"

"Did you fuck Amanda James last night?"

I almost dropped my towel. "What?"

"Your best friend, Amanda. Did you screw her or what?"

"Jesus, Laila. No."

"So she was just hanging out naked in our bathroom for fun?"

I couldn't come up with an answer to that, but I didn't have to. Laila barrelled forward. "Listen, Joel, it's your life, I'm not judging. I'm just saying be careful. She really had a hard time you while you were gone. In fact, I don't know if she told you, but we hung out some while you were gone. We got kind of close, just because I think she missed you so much."

This was a surprise. Amanda and I had run in the same circles, but not Laila, who had run with the popular crowd. I didn't know she and Mandy had been hanging out.

"She's a cool girl, you know? So if you're into it, that's awesome and I'm happy for you. But if you're not, if you're just messing with her to get your dick wet, then I'm just telling you, it's not cool to screw with a girl like that. Especially not a sweet girl like Mandy. I know she got super foxy while you were gone, but even so, she's generous and nice and, I don't know, wholesome. If you just want to get laid, I know plenty of cheerleaders who would love to brag about getting banged by a college boy. Don't mess things up with Mandy."

I was really surprised, and touched that she would stick up for Mandy like that. So I decided to be honest too.

"Look, we didn't have sex, but we did mess around. Like, pretty hot and heavy."

"What does that mean?" Laila asked.

I blushed.

"Jesus, Joel, I'm not a naive little virgin. Just spit it out. What does hot and heavy mean to you?"

"I fingered her," I said, the words rushing out in embarrassment. "And she gave me a blowjob."

Laila nodded. My confession didn't seem to phase her. "Well did she at least come?"

I blushed again. "God, Laila. Yes. Are you satisfied?"

She smiled at me, but her eyes were still determined. "No, I mean, I'm glad you had a good time and all, but I'm still serious. If you're not into her, just tell her it was a mistake. Turn back now and it's probably still possible to salvage things."

I sat down on the edge of the bed, holding the towel around my waist.

"Well that's the thing," I said. "I'm not sure I want to turn back. In fact, I think I really want this. I'm just afraid of messing things up. I mean, what if we get together and then we break up? I'd lose my girlfriend and my best friend all at once."

She rolled her eyes. "Come on, Joel. Are you serious? You don't know if the person you like hanging out with most in the world is the right person to get together with? Isn't that the dream? Are you telling me there is another girl who you'd rather spend time hanging out with?"

I shook my head. "No, of course not. Mandy's always been my favorite person."

"Ok, then let's go at it from the raw, carnal side: do you think you're going to get a girl hotter than Mandy?"

I shook my head again. "No. I can't believe how much she's changed. If we weren't so close, she'd be way out of my league."

"So what, then? The sexual chemistry wasn't there? Bad blow job?"

I looked at her. I was still surprised how frankly she was talking to me, but my embarrassment was fading away. "It was one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever had."

"Then what's the problem?" she asked.

I thought about it. I'd had Mandy firmly planted in the friend category in my brain for so long--even if not consciously--that moving her to the lover category seemed strange. But Laila made sense. What was strange about realizing that our bond had a physical, sexual, and emotional level in addition to the social and pyschological ones? There WASN'T anyone I was more excited to see this summer. I couldn't imagine a relationship with a girlfriend that would somehow improve on how close Mandy and I already were, except for adding a physical element, and Mandy seemed to want that. Really, really want that.

And so did I.

"You're right," I said. "I want her." I looked at Laila. "Holy hell, sis. I really want her!"

She stood up and stretched, her tank top exposing her taut abs. "Was that so hard?"

I stood up to give her a hug, and the towel slipped from my waist. I caught it, but not before flashing my cock at my younger sister.

"Whoa, sorry."

"Easy there, tiger," Laila said. "Save that for Amanda."

She walked toward the door and turned back, pointing at my crotch. "But just in case you were worried, I think that thing will make her very happy." And then she turned and walked out the door.

Did my little sister just compliment my cock?

***

I texted Mandy and asked if I could come over that morning. When I got there, her mother was just on her way out the door.

"Joel! I'm so glad I got to see you before I left for work!" She gave me a big hug, and I savored the feeling of her athletic, sexy body against mine. For a dancer, her breasts were large--not quite as big as Mandy's double Ds, but at least a C cup. Even with the sports bra she had on under her tank top her cleavage was plentiful. 

I tried not to think about it too much though. This wasn't just my best friend's mom, anymore. I hoped it would soon be my girlfriend's mom.

"Mandy's upstairs in her room. You can just go on up. But come by sometime when I'm around--maybe dinner next week or something! I can't wait to hear all about your first year at college!" 

"Sounds good, Julia!" I said. "Great to see you again too!" I heard her shut the door behind her as I bounded up the stairs.

I knocked on Amanda's door and then pushed it open. She was sitting in a beanbag chair on the floor, a copy of David Mitchell's latest book in her lap.

"Oh hi!" she said. I could tell there was a little strain behind her voice. She was nervous.

"Hey," I said. "How're you doing?"

"Good," she said quietly. "I didn't really know if I'd see you this morning."

I felt bad for how worried she looked.

"Let me just jump right in," I said. "Before I chicken out. I thought about your offer a lot last night. The pros and cons. The risks. The rewards. And here's what I think. We're both going to school in the fall. Who knows what directions our lives will head in. Maybe you'll write the novel you've been dreaming about. Maybe I'll go to law school. Maybe we'll do those things together or separate. I don't know. What I do know is right here and right now, this summer, there is no one I'd rather be with than you. There's no one in the world who I want to sit next to and laugh with and kiss and hold like I want to do those things with you. When I'm honest, Mandy, it's not even a choice. I want you more than I've ever wanted anything else. Will you be my girlfriend?"

Mandy squealed and jumped out of the beanbag chair, wrapping her arms around me, her lips attacking mine in a deep and wet kiss that I felt from my scalp to my toes.

"I was so worried you wouldn't want me," she said. "That I came on too strong last night and freaked you out. I know I can get a little intense when I'm turned on."

"Are you kidding?" I asked. "That was incredible. I loved how wild you got. It's like I know the real you, but I also got to see the animal down inside, the one that no one else sees."

"You're the first boy who's ever seen that side of me," she said, blushing. "I worried you would think it was weird or gross."

"No way," I said, kissing her. "Sexiest girlfriend ever. I love that side of you just as much as I love your nerdy 80s-movie loving side and the way you want to talk about books I haven't read with me and the way we stay up late playing Dead of Winter. You're a more incredible package than I ever could have dreamed of."

She laughed and pulled me toward her, and within seconds we were making out on the bed. We kissed on and off for a while, talking about all the things we wanted to do this summer--seeing some other friends, planning out the summer movie schedule, maybe taking a trip together. Mandy worked part time at her mother's dance studio as a facility coordinator, and I had a job lined up at the library, so we knew we needed to make the most of the time we had.

"Well in that case," she said. "I think we were interrupted last night. I believe we still have some business to conduct."

Her body felt incredible underneath me. Her boobs were meaty and soft between us, pressing into my chest like soft pillows. I had one knee between her legs, grinding my leg against her pussy. We kissed more, our tongues dueling, and she started to moan softly.
