 "Are you ready for 'Power Drink Thursday?'" Ryan asked with a hint of mischief in his voice.

"Well, I won't be doing any 'power drinking', but I will drink a few with you. Unlike some people, I still have to work tomorrow." Renae replied with a slight tinge of sarcasm. 

"Alright then, I will pick you up around 7:00 and we'll head out to the bar."

--------------

Ryan showed up at 6:48 and honked the horn. Renae, a petite blond, looked out the door to her best friend and flipped him off. Ryan noticed that she had put on make up and was wearing a bubblegum pink came and a short black pleated skirt with matching strapy heels. She locked the door and walked out to the car. 

"Just like a man to think he can honk and expect a woman to come running."

"Well, don't you look nice…guess you felt like being an actual girl for a change huh?"

"I dressed up just so you could see that I was an actual girl for a change." she said while overly batting her eyes at him.

Ryan had always thought of Renae as one of the guys. She usually wore her hair is a messy ponytail and dressed in jeans and regular t-shirts. He always thought that she was pretty in a tomboy way but he never knew that she was hiding a great body under her slouchy attire. Tonight was the first night that they had went out together were he actually noticed that she was a very sexy woman. During the ride to the bar, he kept finding himself wondering if she was wearing panties under that short skirt. 

--------------

"I'll get some quarters for pool while you get us a couple of beers." Ryan said while handing Renae a ten dollar bill.

"The change will be my tip for putting up with you." She said with a sly grin.

"You should be paying me to be able to put up with me…" Ryan laughed back at her.

After playing a few games of pool and drinking quiet a few beers the two sat down at a table to listen to the music that was playing from the jukebox. They sat there talking for a while and Renae noticed that she was rubbing her finger tips on Ryan's inner thigh. She would have stopped but he didn't seem to mind. Of course Ryan had noticed the soft touching as soon as it had started. The more she did it the more he looked into her eyes. He always new that she had green eyes but he never noticed how deep of a green they were. After a half an hour of her caressing, he worked up enough nerve to rest his hand on her knee. At first he didn't move his hand at all. He was waiting to see if she would punch him for even thinking about putting his hand on her leg. To his relief, she didn't punch him. After a few minutes he began to slowly and softly stroke her knee with just the tip of his fingers. To his surprise she uncrossed her legs but didn't move his hand away from her. He felt a stirring in his groin as her hand inched closer to the head of his dick. They were staring at each other pretending to be oblivious to what each others hands were doing under the table. Ryan began inching his strokes up her inner thighs. She spread her legs open enough so that he could have access under her skirt if he wanted it. And he did want it. Softly he brushed her pussy and found that there was in fact no panties under that short skirt. All he felt was bald, moist lips. She shuddered aloud and said "I think it's time to go."

"I am sorry, I didn't mean to….I'll take you home. Renae…"

"Take me to your house…NOW!" she whispered in his ear before he could finish.

----------------- They didn't speak the whole way to his apartment. They didn't even look at each other. He didn't know what was going to happen when they did reach the apartment but he was preparing himself for the worst. Ryan was struggling to get the keys in the door. He felt so ashamed that he had just tried to fuck with his best friend. He finally got the door open and then he felt her push him in. She slammed the door behind them and she just stood there for a moment staring into his eyes. " I am so sorry Renae….I can't believe I ….."

"Shhhh….."

She walked up to Ryan and unzipped his pants. His cock was throbbing in a instant. Renae pulled his hard on out of his pants and began to stroke his shaft slowly.

" I don't want you to apologize….I want you to fuck me…." she said in a low whisper as she flicked her tongue across his lips. 

She then bent down and took the length of him into her mouth. Ryan let out a deep sigh and put his hand on the back of her head. She could taste the salty precum on her tongue. She ran her tongue across the tip of his dick and slowly stood up, pulling her top off as stood. Ryan squeezed her tits together and took one bud at a time into his mouth, sucking and licking all the while. She guided him to sit down on the sofa while he was kicking off his shoes and pulling down his jeans and boxers. 

"Just sit down…I'll do the rest…" she said with a grin and another tongue flick.

Ryan did as he was told and with her black pleated skirt and strapy heels being her only clothing, she straddled herself over him. She descended slowly, impaling herself on his throbbing hard on. She let out a sigh of ecstasy and began rocking back and forth on his cock. Ryan let out a guttural sigh. He had never been in a pussy this tight before. His cock felt so good inside her and he began thrusting with her motion. Her breathing became short and raspy as she fingered her clit while pumping up and down.

"Fuck me harder….harder…." she screamed. " I'm gonna cum…."

He began thrusting deeper and faster. He felt her pussy clinching his cock as her orgasm took over. He pounded her pussy harder and then exploded deep inside her. She collapsed onto his chest still rocking her hips slowly. 

"I guess we are more than best friends now huh?" he asked.

With a sly grin on her face she replied, " I guess we are best friends with benefits…"