 "Now take off your shirt, too. I want to see you this time." Evie demanded. Bayard stood up and reached behind his back to pull his t-shirt over his head, revealing the upper body of a comic book superman. "Wow." she said stupidly and he laughed. 

"I've slept with lots of women, but never one who always seems so happy to see me." He laughed. She gave him a level look. "I don't even know how to take that statement." she replied. "Have you slept with lots of women, and why wouldn't they be happy to see you? You're super good looking, and your body is amazing. You must spend a lot of time in the gym."

"Well, when people are tying to kill you, it's good motivation to work out, I guess." He shrugged. "Most women love the body, but are freaked out about the damage." He gestured to the scars in his chest and sides. "I think most women I've been with are more sophisticated than you." 

"Ouch!" she mimed getting hit in the heart. "Do you mean to say that you don't find me sophisticated? I'm really hurt." She laughed and sat up to run her hands over his chest. 

"I don't mean it that way. I mean...most women don't want to act impressed by anything. They're too worried about how they look, worried they're going to seem naïve, but you just say what you think. You don't hide yourself from people."

"I guess I am sometimes too blunt in what I say. I don't always think it out before I say it. And I guess people do think I'm naïve, because I guess I am, really. I'm younger than almost everyone else here, and I'm in the dark about so much stuff that's going on. I can't help that. I wish that I could hide more, but I guess it's just not me. Maybe I'll learn that."

"He cupped her face in his hands. "I don't ever want you to learn that. That's why I'm here. So you don't have to."

"How many women have you been with? Or don't I want to know?" she battered her eyelashes up at him innocently. 

"Oh, you definitely don't want to know, and I'm not going to tell you. How many men have you been with?" He slid his hands into her bathing suit bottoms. 

She moved away, deftly avoiding his reaching hands, and sat back on the couch. "A lady doesn't like to kiss and tell." She replied, crossing her legs nonchalantly with her chin held high, as if she had forgotten that she was topless. "But one more doesn't hurt. Take your pants off."

He shook with laughter, but moved to do as she asked, unbuckling his belt and sitting to untie his boots. He tossed them aside and stood again to slide his pants and underwear slowly down his legs to the floor. "Ok, what next?" he asked as he stood there naked. 

"...holy...shit." she said slowly. "I cannot believe that I have you all to myself." She walked over to him and ran her hands up his thighs, ending on his partial erection. "I can't believe we even fit together." she mused as he started to laugh again. 

"My turn." He said as he untied her swimsuit bottoms and threw them aside. She felt very exposed in the bright light streaming through the windows on the other side of the room. He knelt before her and rubbed her leg with his good cheek and then kissed between her thighs. "I love the taste of you." he whispered as he parted her legs and licked her with a soft jab of his tongue. 

She gasped and spread her legs wider as he held her rear end firmly and tongued deeper into her. "Oh my god." she gasped, and rested her hands on the top of his head. "Don't stop." His answering laugh was hot breath on her skin. 

She rocked back and forth against his face as he inserted one finger inside her, and then another, and she came with a moan, clutching at him. "Sorry, did I yank your hair?" she asked with concern. 

"You might have, I have no idea. I didn't notice." he said, grinning up at her. He stood up and carried her to the bed. 

She spread her legs so that he could kneel between them on the duvet while he slid his hands under her, lifting her hips to him. She was so wet he slid into her with limited resistance, and she felt his first hard thrust bump her cervix. 

"Sorry, is that too much. I wasn't..." he looked into her face with concern. 

"No, no, don't stop." She grabbed his rear end to guide him back to her. "I liked it, I just wasn't expecting it." She giggled and then gasped again as he resumed, less deeply this time. 

She held on tightly to his back and hugged his waist with her legs, her breasts bouncing in time to his thrusts. Her insides clinched and the pleasure built again as he wrapped his arms tightly around her, so tightly it was hard to drawn enough breath into her lungs to keep pace with her panting. He tightened his grip and pressed his teeth to the pulse in her neck as he came with a sharp outward breath on her throat. 

"Sorry, am I crushing you?" he asked, lifting himself up by his arms. 

"Yes, but I like it." She said, snuggling against him again. "It makes me feel needed."

He grinned, and pulled her back against his chest, wrapping his arms around her. 

"You are very needed. ..I'm too rough with you. I don't know. There's something about you that makes me want to bury my dick, and my hands, and my teeth into you. Maybe I'm worried you'll get away otherwise." He admitted, kissing her neck.

"I don't mind, really I don't. I enjoyed myself. Did you?" she asked him.

"Are you fucking kidding me? Yes, I 'enjoyed myself'. What do you think?" he teased her. 

"I think we should do this again some time. Maybe after a nap." And she slept.