 Written by: livingsingl

Co-Authored by: redridinghood999

It's Friday afternoon, about 2 pm. I cased out this bank a number of times, and found it to perfect for the robbing -- two dopy, middle-aged, out of shape guards, minimal security, and some very young, very inexperienced-looking tellers that are more likely to scream and panic than set off any alarms. There aren't too many other person in the lobby today... today's the day to strike!

As I walk in this time, I notice her working behind one of the windows. 21, with short red hair, wearing a little white blouse and tight blue jeans, I haven't seen her working here before. Is it her first day? I'm not sure. I walk up to her window, wearing a black baseball hat, plain black t-shirt and jeans.

I hand her a slip of paper.

"Hi! Welcome to Bank of America. How can I help you today?" She says, as she looks down at the slip of paper.

"Empty the cash and put it into the paper bag" the paper says I produce a grocery bag and put it on the counter "do as the note says and everything will be fine" She whispers, "Oh my god..." and look up, looking to see if maybe this is a joke. She bites her lip, looking around, but the security guard is snoring in a corner, and the other guard, is no where around. The other tellers are either busy or taking a break in the back.

"Just do it". I tell her, as I look around; no one is really paying attention. She opens the cash draw, her hands shaking... "Do it now!" She begins to put stack after stack of $100 dollar bills into the grocery bag. "Very good, don't stop now"

She whispers, "Please mister, just don't hurt anyone. I'll get you the money." She empties the register of large bills, and starts stuffing the sack with stacks of smaller bills -- fifties... twenties... tens...

I turn around and see one of the guards walking towards us "hurry up, give me the bag". She quickly hands me the bag over the teller booth, the guard draws his weapon "freeze" he yells. I grab the bag and pull my 9 mm out of my pants.

"Joe -- he has a gun!" She yells. The other tellers and the customers begin to scream and drop to the ground! I point it at him, "Stop right there Joe or the girl gets it!" I point the gun at her chest.

The guard stammers, "N-now hold on there, son, don't do anything foolish!" I can see the beads of sweat forming on his forehead, completely shaken by the events that have unfolded before him.

"Come around the counter little missy! Shut up Joe! Put the gun down or she is dead and then you are next. Don't test me!" I can hear me whispering under her breath as she slowly come around the corner, her eyes filling up with tears.

The portly stammers, "Y-you got the money son, n-now how's about you leave Lori alone?" He sets the gun down on the lobby carpet, his hands raised. I point the gun at him, and then move to meet my hostage at the end of the counter.

"No, she is now my insurance, get down on your belly."

Now that she is out from behind the teller window, I can see her fully, very tiny and small-framed, 5'4", 92... Not very curvy, clearly still a young college student. The guard starts to lower himself to the floor, getting down on his belly like the other customers of the bank. "Take the bag Lori!" I grab her arm tightly around her wrist, leading her to the door. "Nobody do anything stupid! You're money is insured" 

"Help me!" she cries out, but no one moves.

"Be quiet!" I tell her, she closes her mouth, lowering my head I lead her out the front door to my car, a gray ford sedan. I open the passenger side door. "Get in and slide over. You are driving I slide over, my small body barely taking up any room in the front.

"W-where are we going?" I set down the money-filled bag and put my shaking hands on the steering wheel. 

"Drive out of the parking lot, make a left and just drive" I grab the bag and take a quick look inside. She starts the car, pulling out of the parking lot and onto the street. We make the left turn and are well down the street before I look back and see bank customers begin to run out of the glass double doors. She starts to rub her tear-filled eyes with the back of her hand, trying to keep from crying as she drives "hmm not a bad take"

"Look, mister... th-there a lot of money there, please... just take it and let me get out here..."

"Don't cry, I wont hurt you. Unless you want me too. Make the next right hand turn" she makes the right hand turn, we quickly turn onto a tree lined road "make the next left" she makes the left, getting increasingly nervous as the car leaves the city and heads into the forest. We start heading up a hill towards the foothills. "Make the next right" We approach the other getaway vehicle, an older dodge pick up truck. "Pull over behind that truck. Lost little one?" She pulls up behind the old dodge pickup truck. With a sniffle, she nods her head. 

"Mister, I don't know where we are. I don't know where you're taking me." "My folks are gonna be worried about me."

"Exactly. Oh, well. Get out of the car." I get out and grab your arm once again, guiding you to the truck, opening the passenger side door. I produce a piece of rope and tie your hands together very tightly. I pull a bandana out of my pocket and blindfold her, pushing her into the truck. She whispers, "Oh god..." as I blindfold and push her into the truck. I close the door, walk around to the other side of the truck, get in and pull away.

"Please, mister... don't kill me, I promise, I won't tell anyone anything." she begs.

"I don't do murder. Just behave if you are a good girl, I will reward you later." She nods and sits quietly, raising her legs up to hug her knees as she sits on the passenger seat. "I will, mister... I promise, I'll do whatever you say." A half hour passes, I constantly change directions. We finally come to a stop. She asks why we are stopping. "We at our destination little one", I get out and move to the other side of the truck opening the door. I remove her blindfold.

She shades her blue eyes with her bound hands, still a little blinded by the light as she looks around. I help her out of the truck grabbing the bag and once more grabbing her wrist, guiding her towards the cabin. "Where are we, mister?" She stumbles a little, following behind.

"My little home away from home," I say as I open the door to the cabin and pull her inside. The inside of the cabin is a very small kitchen, a TV, couch and a reclining chair. She looks around hesitantly.

"Y-you live out here, in the woods?" She asks, as I lead her to one of the kitchen chairs.

"Have a seat, I am just borrowing this place for a little while." She cautiously sits down in one of the kitchen chairs, looking around for something. But not seeing anything that might relieve the anxiety I am sure she is feeling. I untie her hands behind her back to the chairs. I put the bag on the table, moving to the fridge. I open it and pull out a large bottle of whiskey, placing it on the table. I go to the cabinet and get out two glasses as well as ice and the ginger ale. "Wana drink?" I ask her, she looks nervous, and then nods, her hair spilling over her face a little.

"Y-yes, please. I could really use one. Um... today hasn't been really the greatest..." She smiles weakly.

I put ice in the glasses, pour some whiskey and top the off with soda. "It's been a great day for me." I set the glass in front of her. I take a long drink of mine, looking down on her, and then smiling. She tries to lean forward, and take a small sip from the top of the glass. I pick her your glass and holds it to her lips so she can take a sip

She whispers "T-thank you." and takes a sip and licks the whiskey and soda off her pink lips as I lower the glass from her mouth. "Oh wow... that's strong.

"You're welcome." I say as I sit down at the table, grabbing the bag of money. "Ya, I like that." I dump the money on the table and start counting. I can see her arms moving ever so slightly. She is trying to seem like she is trying to figure out how to untie herself.

"Do... do you need the money, mister? Is that why you robbed the bank?" She asks me. When I finish counting, I find I have enough money this time. 

"If you must know, I can finally quick robbing banks and go to that small island in the south pacific. I will be leaving in a few days. I will leave word of were you are before I go. They will find you and by then I will be long gone, unless you misbehave." She visibly exhales with relief.

"Oh, thank you, mister... you have no idea how worried I was." She shakes her head, her red hair tossing from side to side, "No sir, I promise, I'll be a good girl." I finally look her over; hmm I think to myself, this girl is awfully sexy. Maybe she would wana go along to my little island paradise. The little white button-front blouse hugs her tight young body closely, and I can see that the bottom of the blouse has slipped out of her jeans... revealing a flash of taut toned belly with a shiny silver belly piercing

I get up I walk over to her. I put my hand on the back of her head. "You're pretty cute. Anyone ever told you that?"

She blushes, and tries to make a joke of it, "I-I bet you say that to all the girls you kidnap." She breathes in as she feels your strong hand on the back of her head

"No, you're the first, are you hungry?" She nods, stealing her first glimpse of my face since the robbery. She blushes slightly.

"I am a little. It was my first day and I wanted to make a good impression, so I worked through lunch. I was too nervous to eat breakfast, too." smiles, despite herself, "I... guess it couldn't have gone much worse, could it? On the bright side, any job after this one has got to be a step up."

"Hot dogs ok? I don't have any thing fancy. Only have enough for a couple days"

"A hot dog would be great, thank you, mister."

I walk towards the fridge again, thinking to myself, 'Man I would love to make a meal out of her instead.' "Good." I get everything out and make 4 hotdogs for us. "So, how old are you Lori?" I look over my shoulder, hmm, that's funny, was she checking me out. I see her quickly turn her head back, so she doesn't get caught. She's checking out my butt.

"21... I'm a junior in college. "H-how old are you, mister? You seem awfully young to be robbing banks."

" Ha young, I am 37. Only been doing for a little while, this is my last job." I finish making the hotdogs, placing them on the table along with the rolls. "What would you like on your dogs?"

"Just one please... mustard would be great, if you have any."

"Ok, a girl after my own heart. That's the way I eat mine too." I placed the mustard on the table, she blushes shyly. "Now if you promise to not run away, I will untie you. Just remember I still have my gun and you have no clue where you are." I move behind you and untie your hands, and notice for the first time the perfume you are wearing. Man she smells really sexy.

She nods, swallowing. "I Un-understand, I won't do anything foolish, I promise."

"Very good." I take my seat next to her and grab a bun, hot dog and the mustard. I look over at her and notice she blushing, she is getting sexier by the minute. She rubs her sore wrists with my fingers, feeling the circulation return to her hands. "Are your wrists ok?"

She blushes again, noticing me looking at her. With a smile, she say, "Well, at least I can say that I finally got tied up on a date." She blushes and adds quickly, "Um... My roommate tells me I'm a little too shy."

"Really, Did I pop your bondage cherry?"

She laughs, a light, happy sound of relief. "I'm afraid so. Bring on the whips and chains!" She takes one of the hotdogs hesitantly and puts a little mustard on it.

"Hmm my kind of girl, you don't seem to be that shy" She looks me in the eye and gives me a knowing little wink.

She blushes and answers, "Believe me... this is as exciting as it's gotten in a long time." smiles shyly and steals another look at my face. She takes a little bite of her hot dog. "So... um... what are you going to do for the rest of your life on your island?"

"Lie in the sun, swim relax, what ever I feel like. I have enough money now that I don't have to work any more, plus I will be the richest man on the island " I try to imagine how this sexy young girl would look great laying on my private beach in a tiny little bikini. She has gotten a little mustard on her upper lip and the tip of her nose, but seems oblivious. I lean in and wipe the mustard off your nose with my right index finger. "You got a little on you." She blushes, as she feels your finger touch the soft skin of her face. I lick the mustard off my finger

"Oh... Excuse me. But what if the police get you?"

I look over at her, "Hah the cops could catch a cold if they fell in a pond in the middle of January. You have a little more mustard on your upper lip " She lowers her eyes embarrassedly and licks the mustard off her upper lip, now a blushing a deep crimson. " I dint mean to embarrass you, but you did you look really cute with the mustard on your nose. "

"Oh, you didn't... I just... turn red easily." She blushes even more furiously, but still smiles. "Th-thank you for not letting me sit through the entire dinner with that on my face."

"Oh no problem, how is your hot dog?" I smile back at her,

"It was really good. Thank you." She looks around the shack, as the light outside gets dimmer. 

"Your welcome, you know, if you were not my hostage and we met under different circumstances, I would ask you on a date"

"If we met under different circumstances, I'd say yes in a heartbeat." She smiles shyly. "So... it's, um, getting darker."

"Yes, I should light the oil lams before it gets too dark to see." I get up, looking over my shoulder as I move to the small living room to light the 2 lamps there. I keep an eye on her as I light the lamps. I look back and she her getting up and clear the table. I turn around and move towards the kitchen with one of the lamps, placing it on the table. "Well that is unexpected. Never thought a hostage would help clean up with out being told to do it"

She smiles, "I can't help it... I needed something to do with my hands." She looks over at the cabin's small living room. "Where... I mean, what did you have in mind for sleeping tonight?"

I watch as she cleans up and cant help but notice her little cute ass. "Well I actually didn't think that far ahead yet" Her jeans hug her young body, the curve of her tight little cheeks visible under her un-tucked blouse. I step up directly behind her, smelling her perfume again. She closes her eyes, feeling the heat radiating from my proximity onto her back. She begins to dry the pot with a little dishtowel "I may need to tie you to the bed so you don't escape during the night." She breathes in, and nods her answer of understanding. "Would you like that Lori?" I say softly, my breath right next to your right ear. The feel of my breath sends shivers all over, I can see little goose bumps rising on her pale neck.

"Yes, I mean, no, I mean....Y-yes, I umm... I understand. I know you have to do it."

"I am sure you could handle that" I step up behind her my body lightly touching hers. She involuntarily gasps, breathing in sharply as she feels my larger body touch her... my chest making contact with her small shoulders, her smooth back... "You are enjoying this aren't you?" I place both of my hands on her small waist. She let out a little moan as she feels my hands on her skin, and drops the pot into the sink with a loud. CLANK! She is startled, she blushes and tries to pick up the pot. "You are getting excited at the thought of me tying you up again, aren't you? I thought so. "

I run my left hand up her side, over her shoulder blade, placing my hand on the back of her head. She shivers under my touch, her body trembling under the palm of my hand... both aroused and scared at the same time. I firmly grab a handful of her hair, pulling her head back and kissing her neck, then nibbling up to her ear. I look down and see her nipples are starting to pop out, I smiling knowingly.

She gasps, her white, soft throat exposed as I pull her head back... feeling the heat of my mouth, the bristle of my mustache on her skin. Here nipples are like tiny, stiff points on the front of her blouse... my breasts, though small, swell a little, rising and falling as my breathing gets faster and faster

"Please, mister... I don't... I can't..." She moans. I run my right hand across her belly, sliding slowly up towards her breasts. I continue kissing and nibbling her neck. Her belly is taut and flat under my hand... I can feel the little silver ring in her bellybutton as I slip my fingers under her blouse. She makes little whimpering sounds as she nuzzles back against my hungry mouth, leaning her body back a little to press against my own.

"You are so sexy; I am going to rock your world." I pull our bodies away from the sink, grabbing, and then throwing her over my shoulder. She gasps as I throw me over your shoulder. I walk effortlessly towards the table picking up the rope as I pass it.

She struggles to catch her breath. "Please -- I... I don't even know your name!" 

I move towards the small bedroom on the opposite of the shack, "Call me sir. I am not telling you my real name. You could get me in way too much trouble." I push the door open, placing you on the floor. Looking you in the eye, "Unless you have a different name you would like to call me" She looks up at me, breathing hard... I see her hair spilled messily over her face, her small breasts, now round and flush with arousal, straining the front of her tiny blouse.

"N-no, sir." 

"Very well, strip for me." She gets up to her feet, a little unsteadily. 

"Y-yes, yes, sir."

I step back and admire her body as she removes her clothes. Finally she undoes the top button, letting the material slide back off her smooth, soft shoulders. I start rubbing the bulge in my jeans as I realize they are uncomfortable and I need to remove them. She looks at me watching her as she begins to undo the button of her tight jeans. "Very, very sexy." She slowly begins to unzip the front... ZZZZIP! She peels the front of her tight blue jeans open, revealing little lacy pink panties underneath...

She blushes, "Th-thank you, sir"

"Turn around for me, I wana see your sexy little ass." She turns around, and slowly slides her tight jeans down off her small waist, off the tiny, tight curve of her ass cheeks, down her slender young legs. She bends over, stepping out of one leg of the jeans, then the other. I let out a loud wolf whistle as she bends over. I can see her blushing and smiles embarrassedly as she straightens up, covering her small breasts by crossing her arms in front of her chest.

"I've never... done that before," she says blushingly. "Strip for someone, I mean."

"You have never stripped for a man before? Well I guess I just popped another one of your cherries then huh." She once again giggles and blushes. She brushes her hair out of her face with a naughty smile. 

"Your turn, sir." She climbs onto the bed to watch.

I throw my hat to the floor, and then grab the hem of my t-shirt. I pull it up and off, dropping it to the floor, next to my hat. I can see her breathing a little faster, seeing my toned upper body suddenly shirtless. She swallows, and gives a little wolf-whistle too. I turn my back to her, bending over to untie and remove my boots.

"You have an amazing body, sir..." she tells me.

I pull my boots off and set them a side; I turn and look at you. "Thank you Lori, so do you. Would you like to remove my jeans Lori?"

She swallows again, "C-can I, sir?"

She moves over to the side of the bed, hesitantly approaching. "Yes you may, be a good girl and remove my jeans." She moves over, standing in front of me... her body so small in front of mine... feeling the intense heat coming from my naked chest, stomach... She looked up into my eyes, and then slides down onto her knees on the floor in front of me. She put her hands on your legs, sliding them up the outside of my thighs... up, up to the waistband of my jeans to undo my belt. She slides my belt out of its belt loops, setting it on the bed behind her. Looking down at her as she begins to remove my pants, "Very good."
