 Hi, wanna have some fun? Maybe have wild sex on the beach?

Do I know you? 

I'm called Sky 



Ok... we can work together! 

Wow, that was easy! Do you know who this is?

Does it matter? 

Nope!

Running my hands up your smooth back, pulling you close as my lips meet yours in a soft kiss,

cupping your upturned face in my hands as we kiss, tongues seeking the warmth of our souls  

Yes, softly and wetly our tongues entwined, our souls united in love divine ... 

My strong hands grasp your fleshy bottom, kneading and massaging until your inner thighs start leaking precious nectar....  

Parting slightly ... open for your touch 

I reach between our pressed bodies, cupping your sopping pussy in my palm as you moan softly into my mouth, breathing my breath as I suck on your tiny pink tongue. My cock springs up, throbbing and insistent against your belly as your legs part for my touch.  

Every breath I take I give to you and my body presses closer against your raging cock ... 

Three of my fingers slide wetly up and down your slippery lips, mashing your clit in my palm as I part your tender flowing lips gently but firmly to begin working inside of you slowly..  

Grinding slowly body to body ... your swollen cock throbbing between us my hand squeezes in between us to take hold of your hardness ... rubbing it gently up and down ... running my fingers around the edges of your ridge ... dripping ... 

Wriggling to and fro your hips thrust forward to welcome my probing fingertips, writhing against me to accept my hand inside of you as your cream smoothes the way, my cock is throbbing now lover.... 

Oh yesss ... as am I ... for you 

And it's dripping as I lightly stroke it, slowly running my fingers up and down... 

Taste the droplets for me! .. taste their warmth and saltiness for me ... 

My fingertips feel inside of you until your cunt-lips are stretched around my knuckles.....  

Cup your tightening balls and rub them gently in one hand ... 

My thumb rubbing your clit harder and harder as your knees start to buckle...  

Oh soooo wet and warm inside me ... so slippery for you 

Finally I feel your body tremble and gush hot cum over my wrist as your weight rests entirely in my hand, holding your body in my palm, lifting you by your drenched pussy...  

Imagining your throbbing cock there ... filling me completely ... 

You cry out as my knuckles penetrate your outer lips, filling you completely now as even my pinky slips inside, only my thumb outside and still rubbing hard on your quivering clit..  

Yessss love ... creaming over your hand and your fingers ... so sweet the hardness of your raging cock becoming almost unbearable ... dripping such hot sweet salty cream ... over my fingers as I taste you on them ... 

I keep massaging your innermost places, milking the juice from your body as I lay you gently onto the floor, kneeling beside you so that my cock is poised over your open mouth....dripping copiously with my desire for you, throbbing in your tiny fist as you stare fascinated at the huge purple head before you, your tongue flicks out, tasting me slowly, leaving a drop of my salty pre-cum between the throbbing head and your lower lip as you savor the taste of my cock for the first time...  

Instantly my tongue darts out to catch a drop before it falls ... licking your purple plum tip ... tasting you ... drawing you into my waiting mouth ... 

Then your head tilts to the side and your back arches as another wave of orgasm rocks your body, and as it fills your being with fire your mouth opens wide to engulf my swollen cock in your mouth...  

I stare at you, filled with lust/love as I watch you taking my cock into your beautiful face...  

Eagerly I plunge your throbbing cock deep into my throat ... sucking and licking as it goes down ... swallowing you .. once and then again ... so tight within me ... I can feel your heart beat with every throb ... 

wrapping my arms around your body ... holding you closer to me while your cock drips continuously into my mouth ... 

swallowing you over and over again ... running my lips up and down your burning shaft ... 

My fingers keep lifting your body from the floor, reaching deep inside, under your pubic bone to squeeze out every drop of your gushing cum, I reach down with my free hand and lift your knees to your chest, making it easier to plunge the rest of my hand inside you, you want to scream from the intensity of your stretching cunt, but my cock fills your throat and you can only moan around it, the vibration making me swell even more, choking you, and driving me nearly to the edge with desire to fill you deeper and deeper as you stuff my cock into your throat completely. As my hand finally passes all the way inside, the pressure eases, and now you feel so filled you don't dare to move at all, but I slowly close my hand inside you, making a fist that again stretches you to bursting as you gag and try to keep me deep in your throat....  

Wave after wave of sheer ecstasy washing over my body as it trembles in your hands ... my sweet honey cream drenching you completely ... so hot and sweet to the taste ... as your burning cock throbs deep in my throat ... still dripping 

cumming so hard love and aching for you so badly ... 

I want you so much ... need you so desperately 

My cock running freely now, you can taste it leaking into your throat as you try to swallow me over and over, your body so filled at both ends you feel like you're going to die from the pleasure of it, you begin thrashing uncontrollably with every climax, your body nearly spent from the contracting of all your muscles.  

I grip your hair in my fist and hold my cock down your throat as your shuddering grows more and more intense, until finally you feel my balls tighten on your chin, and my whole body stiffens in anticipation.....  

All my muscles convulsing and spasming for you ... my fingers deep inside for you ... 

You come up gasping for breath and crying out in pleasure, only to have me slide my cock into your throat again and again, until your face is red from the strain of it, and your stomach muscles are burning from trying not to scream, finally you sense the explosion rising from the depths of me, (and it is, right..........  

Sliding you cock down deep into my tight throat again and again ... in and out as I suck, lick and swallow you ... 

yes my love ... cum with me nowwww 

feel the explosion rising from your tight balls, up your burning shaft and shooting like a geyser of hot molten lava into my waiting mouth ... 

NOW)!!! I plunge my fist wildly in and out of your stretched cunt just as I grip your hair and beging shooting my hot cum down your eager throat, holding your hair in my fist so that all you can do is swallow and hope you have enough breath to stay conscious while I fill you with my cum... 

Cum with me my love ... let our juices flow together ... 

oh god... nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 

I need you nowwwwwwwww 

Pumping my cream as you swallow me, your body locking around my wrist as you cum so hard it almost forces me out of your hot body, my face almost snarling with pure animal lust as I watch you desperately trying to keep me deep in your throat, finally pulling your head away and gasping for breath as the cum keeps shooting from my throbbing cock onto your open lips, you immediately suck on the head again to catch every drop, your body still convulsing around my fist lodged deep inside you ... 

ohhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssss  

I want to fill you with my cum so badly  

I can't wait!  

I can't wait for us either ... I want to feel you inside of me, filling me with your body and your cum ... 

After you lick my cock clean I relax my fist inside you, you cum in waves as I'm slowly letting it slide out, your tired body heaving around my fingers, wanting more, but so sore that it feels both welcome and forlorn when my fingers finally slip out  

I came so much my chair is soaked through the towel ... 

I can't wait to be looking into your eyes as we cum together for the first time face to face ... our bodies wrapped tightly around each other ... holding each other so closely 

I lean down and lick your swollen, sore pussy lips as you happily suck on my still hard cock, I suck the leftover cream from your body as your pussy clenches and reforms around my thrusting tongue...  

Oh love ... here it comes again ..... 

I blow softly over your hot lips before i pull you on top of me, settling you into my lap as my shaft sinks deep inside of you now, the urgency is gone, but the love still remains in our eyes as we kiss more tenderly than before...  

Trembling and shaking ... cream flowing out of my body for you again or still .... throbbing ... 

Your legs wrap around my back as my arms wrap around you, we hold one another close as your body melds around me, almost too sore to even feel me inside you now, but your clit is rubbing hard on my pubic bone, and my lips seek your tender nipples, bringing a warm contentment that spreads gently through you...  

Our bodies locked together as one ... no beginning and no end ... just one essence of love ... 

We rock slowly together for an un-measured time, just kissing and caressing, whispering, "I love you's" and just breathing, but it cannot last, I feel my cock swelling and throbbing with urgency once more, and after your throat I need to be in your hot pussy love! 

Still breathless and dizzy ... but so much in love with you! 

I need you always ... 

I stand up and hook your knees over my arms, lifting you completely and sliding my full length in and out of you a few times until you cum over my balls again, wetting us completely for what's coming next....  

Yesss my love .... whatever you desire 

I put you on your knees on the very edge of the bed, your feet hanging over so that I can stand behind you and part your little ass with my hands as I slide my cock into your sopping pussy from behind....  

As I press my body back against you ... forcing you deeper and deeper inside 

I take a few long slow strokes to let your body adjust before I begin slamming my length into your tender cunt 

Already dripping and throbbing again! 

My long thick cock parting your swollen lips easily now, my balls slapping against your clit as you bury your face in the covers and moan softly as you begin cumming once more. My thrusting gets faster and wilder as I hear you crying out in pleasure, until finally I'm holding your hips firmly and bouncing off of you like a wildman, pumping myself harder and harder into your bruised flesh...  

Cumming and contracting around your swollen cock ... squeezing you tighter inside ... creating more friction ... as we grind together ... 

Then suddenly I can't hold back anymore, and I let loose another gushing flood of hot cum as I pull you tightly against me, shooting deep inside of your spasming cunt as you cry out with your own explosion  

Gasping for breath as you pound it out of me at the same time ... creaming and drenching you ... my sweet honey pouring over you ... 

Our juices mingle as you grind back up against me, leaking out of your body to trickle over my balls, bruised now from slapping against you, satiated physically I lie down beside you, still deep inside as your cunt milks the last drops from my body  

Oh yesssssssssss cumming in wave after wave ... drowning you in my sweet honey cream ... my ocean of love .... me sea of ecstasy ... 

My hand cups your breasts as I kiss your neck softly, my hips still flexing against you.....  

My body yielding into yours ... as I lay trembling in your arms ... 

I whisper, "I love you" once more as sleep overtakes us, and I dream we're still making love until the next time.....

And It's going to be explosive when it does!