 Hi, this is my first time attempt at writing, so please be gentle! This story is an excerpt of a larger story that I haven't written yet. Ideas are still swirling around for what happens before and after this part, but this section came to me so definitely that I had to type it up and get it out of my head. I hope you enjoy! :)

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

We settled into a companionable silence and my eyes fell to the barely touched glass of wine in my hand. I swirled it gently and absentmindedly watched the tears slide slowly down the surface of the glass. Could I do this? I repeated the process several times and studied the formation and descent of the fat tears into the burgundy abyss. Liquid courage, I mused. Well, he certainly picked a good strong wine to fit the bill.

"I've heard of playing with your food, but playing with your wine is a new one to me." My eyes traveled up to Connor's face, which was fixed in an inquisitive look.

I smiled nervously at him, the edges of my mouth not quite meeting my eyes. 

"I, um... I, uh... yeah..." I stuttered and trailed off. Smooth.

"Cassie, is something wrong?"

Now or never. I took a large swig of wine, and then drained the glass. Unable to look at Connor, my gaze fell to the now empty glass. I held it at an angle and spun it carefully by the stem, observing the dregs as they coated the sides. 

"Connor, do you find me attractive?" I let out the breath I hadn't realized I was holding.

My ears began to burn as the silence grew louder. Finally, I watched as he removed the glass from my clutch and engulfed my hands in his. He brought my right hand up to his lips and gently kissed my knuckles. He returned my hand to my lap and tenderly ran his thumb across its back. His ministrations, although intending to be soothing, produced a frisson of excitement and I barely contained my shudder of anticipation. It was such a small touch, but I craved more. My heartbeat rose slightly and I licked my lips.

"Cassie, where is this coming from?" His voice sounded slightly huskier than normal. 

I refused to, no, couldn't answer him, and instead continued to focus on the stroking motion of his thumb. What was my problem? I started this, this is what I wanted. Why couldn't I say anything? Coward.

"Look at me," he commanded. 

He stopped stroking my hand. When my head remained where it was, he tilted it up by my chin. I reluctantly looked into his eyes and was surprised to see what, anger? Oh God, why did I open my mouth?

"Did Brent say something to you? Is that where this is coming from?" His gaze pierced through me.

"What? No!" I exclaimed. I stood up suddenly and paced in front of him a few times, my eyes wildly searched the room as I tried to gather my thoughts. My heart pounded in my chest. Fuck. Now or never. Get it out there.

"This has nothing to do with Brent. In fact, he's the furthest from my thoughts right now. This is about you and whether or not you find me attractive," I blurted out. Perhaps the wine was starting to kick in.

"Of course I find you attractive!" He rested his elbows on his thighs and ran his hands nervously through his hair. "I've always found you attractive." He took a deep breath and looked up at me. "You're fucking hot, Cass," he said simply.

"But not hot enough to fuck."

"Most definitely hot enough to fuck," he chuckled. 

"Well then, I guess I've been too subtle," I muttered to myself.

"Cass, come here," he beckoned. I walked over so I stood in front of him and let him tug me into his lap.

"Cass, baby," he murmured as he tucked a stray hair behind my ear. "Do you want to fuck me?" He grinned mischievously.

"Yes! I mean, no!" I sputtered. I let out a small wail. "Ugh, no, I just want to die." I buried my face in his shoulder.

He chuckled. "Well, for starters, don't do that. I can't fuck you if you're dead. Well, I guess I technically could," he mused. "But that wouldn't be very much fun for either of us." I could practically feel his smile.

I peeked up at him. "So you find me attractive, huh?"

"I believe the words were, 'Hot enough to fuck,'" he teased.

I blushed. "Yes, well." I cleared my throat. "Then, uh, maybe we should." Jebus. Could I be any less smooth? I reburied my face in his shoulder.

He pushed me back by my upper arms and stared at me, his face serious. "Is that what you want? How long have you felt this way?"

"You want the nitty gritty? Yes, that's what I want. And I've apparently been flirting with you unsuccessfully for the past few months."

He kissed me. It took me a few moments to realize what had happened before I kissed him back. He groaned and I felt his hand at the base of my head, gripping my hair, pulling me in deeper. I reciprocated and grabbed his face between my hands. Our tongues clashed as we consumed each other, pouring months of desire into the scalding point between us.

He suddenly pushed me away and leaned his forehead against mine, both of us panting heavily.

"What about Brent?" he asked.

"What about Brent? You want to talk about him now?" I asked incredulously.

"Are you still seeing him?"

"I see him sometimes. We're friends," I replied simply, wondering where he was taking this and why we were talking instead of kissing. 

"I don't care about that. I mean, are you seeing him. Are you two having sex?"

"What does that have to do with anything?" I was starting to become less horny and more perturbed, not the direction I was hoping for.

"Cassandra, just answer the question." He sounded as impatient as I felt.

"No, we haven't for months."

"Good." He let out a deep breath. "I'm only asking because I want you. I want to bury myself in you. I want to fuck you hard and make you come until you can't walk." He brushed his lips against the base of my neck and I leaned in to feel more pressure. Damn, the dull ache low in my pelvis flared up with a vengeance. I shifted uncomfortably in his lap.

"But I'm selfish," he murmured into my neck. "I want you all to myself. If we do this, it's just us. No sleeping with other people, is that OK with you?" I felt him nip at my neck, and then tantalizingly lick the same spot. I let out an involuntary whimper.

"Yes," I whispered, my breathing shallow as he lightly traced the side of my neck with his tongue.

"Mmm, good." He tugged on my ear lobe with his teeth. "One last thing. Condoms? Pill? Anything I should know about?"

I panted as he locked his eyes with mine and brushed the pads of his thumbs over my nipples that strained against the fabric of my bra and shirt. "I've always used condoms, but I'm on birth control." I threw my head back as he tweaked my right nipple. "I'm clean, too, so nothing to worry about on that front."

"Good, very good," he rasped. My thighs spread slightly as one of his hands made its way under my skirt. He very lightly grazed my lips and clit with the back of his index finger. I gasped as the slight vibrations teased my over sensitized nerves. "Nothing to worry about on my end, so we can have lots of fun. Screw the condoms, though. I want to feel every inch of you and I'm going to make you mine in every way."

He rubbed a little harder, eliciting a moan from me as my brain short-circuited. I groaned when he removed his hand and lifted me off his lap.

"Stand up, remove your panties, and give them to me." Without hesitation, I did as he commanded. My eyes widened as I watched him wad them up and bring them to his nose, inhaling deeply.

With heavy-lidded eyes he exclaimed, "Fuck, your pussy smells good. I'm going to have to taste you later." He tucked them in his pants pocket and then tugged me back into his lap, straddling him this time. "Feel how hard I am for you. Grind against me, baby."

I did as he demanded; the rough denim covering his impressive bulge chafed, yet inflamed my sensitive pussy lips. Any traces of discomfort quickly faded as our tongues clashed and as we feverishly caressed and groped one another. 

I felt him unsnap my bra. "Bra off," he ordered. I made a move to pull my shirt out of my skirt, but he held my hands still. "Keep your shirt on," he added. I pulled my bra off through the armholes, feeling vaguely silly for the chaste method of undressing. Connor took it from me and placed it on the cushion next to us.

He gathered my wrists behind me and pulled down, arching my chest into his face. I whimpered as he tweaked my nipples through my shirt. He bit and sucked them until they were hard pebbles, then blew on the wet fabric to ensure they stayed that way. I don't think I stopped whimpering the entire time.

My back stayed arched as I remained captive in his grip. Although I was practically fully dressed, I could only imagine the lewd sight displayed before him. In the back of my mind, I vaguely realized that I didn't care, that I loved and craved his treatment of my body.

Connor interrupted that thought when he flicked my clit, causing me to buck into his hand. He chuckled and continued.

"Please," I begged. "Connor, please."

"What do you want, baby?"

"Please make me come."

I groaned as I felt him sink one finger into me, which was quickly followed by a second. "Let's see what we can do to little Cassie here." He moved in and out slowly. "Fuck, you're so wet and tight, even more than I knew you would be," he growled.

I panted as the delicious tension built higher and higher. I needed a little bit more before I knew I'd be able to come and my body involuntarily started fucking his hand. My eyes closed as I got closer, trying to shut out the embarrassing wet noises emanating from our union.

"Are you blushing because you're so wet, Cassie?" My cheeks flamed even more. "Don't be shy, baby. I love that you're such a wet little slut for me," he growled. He curved his fingers forward and hit my sweet spot. I cried out from a mixture of the pleasure and the shame of being called a slut. No one had ever called me that before, but it sounded so right, so hot, coming from his mouth.

He let go of my hands and I found my balance by leaning my hands back on his thighs. His free hand pulled down the front of my shirt to expose my breasts. He pinched my nipples and I cried out.

"I'm going to come!" He immediately pulled his hands away from me and my eyes shot open. "What? No! Don't stop!" I brought my hand to my clit and started to play with myself.

He lightly smacked the back of my hand and held it to my side. He lifted his other hand to his mouth and started seductively licking my juices off his fingers. There was a dark glint in his eyes. "My slut tastes so fucking good. We'll have to continue this tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? Why not right now?" I attempted to bat my eyes at him seductively.

He smiled broadly. "Believe me, I'd love to, but no, we'll wait for tomorrow. I've got to get a few things together."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "You bastard, what are you playing at?"

"Nothing," he smirked, and finished cleaning off his fingers. "Just demonstrating to you how frustrated I've been since I've met you. You're quite the tease – consider this payback. I think it's time for you to go home now."

I jumped off his lap and averted my eyes from the wet spot I left over his groin. "Give me my underwear back."

Connor leaned back and rested his arms on the back of the sofa. "I don't think so. Sluts don't get to wear underwear to walk home. Besides, consider it payment for making such a mess of my jeans."

I threw my hands up in the air. "Fine! I'll just go home and finish myself off."

He threw a dark look at me. "Again, I don't think so. I want you frustrated for tomorrow. Make yourself come and I'll know, which means I won't fuck you," he warned. "But I'll make it easy for you. Come over tomorrow afternoon at eleven. You'll only be uncomfortable for twelve hours."

He stood up and corralled me out the back door. Rather cheerfully, he said, "Hurry home! It's a bit chilly outside and I'm sure you don't want the neighbors seeing anything if a breeze turns up!" With that, he swatted my behind and shut the patio door behind him. I glowered at him as he waved happily after me.

I hurried home as the cold air whipped around me, crossing my arms across my chest to protect my nipples from the wind. A gust threatened to lift up my skirt and tormented my exposed wet nether region. I breathed a sigh of relief when I made it to the warm safety of my condo.

As I brushed my teeth and got ready for bed, I silently cursed him as I squeezed my thighs together. It would be so easy to relieve myself of this gnawing horniness. I hopped into bed and gently rubbed myself, savoring the sensation, my hips pivoting to meet my hand. But I thought about Connor's warning and was unable to finish myself. After tossing and turning for what seemed like forever, I finally fell asleep and fitfully dreamed about the day to come.