 I have been out work as a computer programmer for about two months now. With the technology industry, still dragging along I figured that I would have to explore other industries. With the advice of a few friends, I enrolled in a three-week real estate course. The class was boring except for one very intriguing part. Her name was Amanda. She was a 24-year-old brunette, she stood about 5'7" on her sexy long legs that led up to her spectacular ass, and her breasts were probably about 34C, overall she was dynamite. The class was costing me $400.00 and seeing Amanda every day made it worth every penny.

When the teacher would get really boring I would zone out and fantasize about Amanda crawling under my desk and pleasuring me with a great blowjob. I approached Amanda on the first day of class, and we started making small talk, and flirting a bit. As the week progressed, I would drop some of the small talk and engage in heavier flirting with her. I was hoping to have a date with her before the class ended.

On the Monday of our second week of class, it was a very hot day. Amanda showed up to class wearing a light peach blouse and a beige mini skirt which was about mid thigh length. Her legs and ass looked even more spectacular than usual. I was so hot for her today that I could not stop staring at her. I was only imagining her sexy legs wrapped around my face as I licked her dripping wet pussy. 

When the class broke for lunch, I invited her out to eat. With a devilish smile, she gladly accepted my invitation. She held my arm as we walked to my Explorer. She had never been this touchy feely with me before, and she had never given me an odd smile like the one she had before. I was starting to have thoughts in my mind about where things might be leading to today. As I helped her up into my car my jaw nearly dropped to the floor when accidental or not she flashed me her white lace panties as she got in the car. I walked around to the driver's seat, and when I got in I swear that there were two less buttons closed on her blouse and a lot more cleavage hanging out, and her skirt had hiked up almost all the way to her ass.

Something was going to have to happen very soon, I could not take this teasing for much longer. If she was intent on seducing me, I was not about to stop her. We headed over to a restaurant in a nearby mall. When we got there, parking was scarce and we ended up finding a spot away from all of the people. I walked over to the passenger side of the car to open the door for Amanda. When I opened the door for her, she smiled down at me and spread her legs wide. I could see a wet spot forming on her panties. She jumped out of the car sliding herself down my body, and rubbing her tits in my face. Then she turned me around, pushed me back up against my car, reached down and started rubbing my cock. I saw the way you were staring at me this morning she whispered into my ear, and it made me hot she continued.

She kissed me hard and I kissed her back, I wanted to say something but I was speechless. Then she turned around and started grinding her ass against me. My cock was getting huge, and then she grabbed my hands and guided them up to her tits. I undid the rest of her buttons and took off her blouse, and then I pulled down her bra and started pinching her nipples. I kissed the back of her neck then she let out a low moan, and started grinding against me even harder. I slid one hand down her tummy to her panties. I rubbed her mound through the lace, and then slid my hand inside. She moaned again, when my finger found her clit.

I knelt down before her, pulled down her panties, and then I lifted her leg over my shoulder. I started to roll my tongue up and down her wet slit. She was pulling my hair and grinding herself against my face. When my tongue reached her clit, she squealed. I knew that she was close to Cumming but I wanted to fuck her first. I stood up and she quickly undid my belt and zipper and got my pants down around my ankles. I almost came just from seeing her the way she was bent over the hood of my car holding her skirt up for me, and waiting for me to fuck her. I grabbed her ass and she was so wet that my cock just slid right in up to the balls. I leaned over to grab her tits and I started to pump her harder. She bit her lip to contain all of the noise that she wanted to make. When I lowered my hand from her chest to her clit, I felt her pussy start to contract around my cock inside of her. Orgasms shook our bodies almost at the same time I shot my load inside of her and she came hard all over my cock. When her orgasm passed, she came back to my cock and licked it clean of all of our juices. By the time we were done, we had no time to eat. We headed back to class. Amanda left her panties off so that I could stare at her pussy. I kept thinking about asking her out to dinner.