 I worked at a dinky little family fun center and I hated it along with most of my co-workers. As those type of places go it was one of the best to go to just because they had 2 more rides than most have and an actual roller coaster, although it was not big at all so not much fun. I was hired at the end of the previous summer along with 15 other people. They were obviously very understaffed. I wanted to work there and because I knew like 5 people there already and thought it would make my first job that much easier to get used to.

They interviewed us in groups having each one of us giving a little speech about ourselves and why we should be hired. I sat in the back of the little room trying not to block the view of people because I was very tall. I was 6’7 and I was 17. While we were waiting for the owner of the place to get there to do the interviews, a few of us managed to start talking and start getting to know our future co-workers.

Among them was Georgia, she was 19, and 5’10” blonde with long legs and good size chest and later I found out she was Russian. She asked why I came to work here and I said I have a bran new truck to help pay for. She liked trucks and even had an older Tacoma. I told her I like trucks too but I got a truck because I do not fit comfortably enough in any car to drive for more than 20 min. She seemed intrigued at how tall I was and asked me to stand up. She came up a little past my shoulder. She seemed to like the fact that I made her feel short since she was very tall for a woman.

When we had shifts together, especially in the mornings and they were assigning rides to operate I would often ask for the ride next to her and she would sometimes ask for the one next to mine. Being he morning nobody really came early so it gave us a chance to just stand in front of our rides and just talk to each other. That’s when I found out she was Russian and an ex-dancer in high school. I had jokingly told her that she must be very flexible having been a dancer, she laughed and said that she was and gave me a wink. I had told her I played football but got my knee bent the wrong way. I could have returned but I decided not too since the month and a half I spent recovering and going through physical therapy was hell, and I was not about to risk that again. She said she loved football and said she hated working Sundays because she would miss the games. I hated busy days because the owner didn’t want to pay the people needed to run everything smoothly so instead he had us work much harder and sometimes kept us after many times without overtime. The main reason I stayed was because I could see Georgia.

I thought she was the perfect woman, tall, blonde, long legs, good size tits, a nice ass, and she was so cool to talk too and she loved football, and was flexible. Pity though I found out she had a boyfriend. She was so hot that some of the fathers bringing their kids to her ride would often hit on her while their kids were on the ride. Something I made fun of for as long as we worked together. One time though, a guy was crazy enough to have his kid called her mommy after hitting on her. There were a lot of crazy people that go to that place. This scared her a lot. Since we got off at almost the same time she asked me to wait up for her and escort her to her car and maybe follow her a little on the road so she isn’t followed. I agreed showing her that I would be there for her.

I got off first so I just changed out of my uniform shirt that was much to short for me to keep tucked in like I was suppose to but I tried nonetheless. And put on my jacket since it was getting a little cold being November and about 10:00. This was California so it wasn’t freezing. I went to the rides and hung out by her ride and talking to a few of my co-workers. Finally, a manager relieved her and we went to the employee break room for her to change out of her uniform. She took off her shirt in front of me but she had on a little thin blouse under her uniform.

I walked her to her truck all the while holding on my arm. She told me that since I was so big and strong that guy would not dare approach her. We often flirt lightly like that giving each other small little compliments. I told her that that guy had good eyes hitting on the prettiest girl in the park even though he was nuts. She giggled at my compliment. We got to her truck and gave me a hug and a thank you for walking her to her truck. I said no problem and I went to my truck and followed her a little until I had to take a different route to get home. Soon after that she was promoted but got no raise, the main reason most hated working their, the lack of money they paid us. She often worked indoors where I worked outside. I didn’t see her much unless we were lucky enough to get the same lunch or if we got off at the same time.

Our uniforms consisted of an ugly red shirt and black pants or shorts we had to get ourselves. So when the summer came Georgia switched to wearing shorts, much to my delight. Her shorts were relatively short which showed much of her creamy thighs and hugged her ass. I always longed for her to bend over and me to catch a glimpse. My birthday was coming up and I told her. My birthday was only three days before hers. I jokingly said to her that I was turning 18 and would be legal. She laughed and said she would be sure to remember that. I also found out to my joy that she recently broke up with her boyfriend. But of course I told her that he was an idiot for letting a girl like her get away. Soon after I was 18 I started hanging out with her more outside of work. I was old enough to get into clubs now and she showed me the ropes. I wasn’t much of a dancer and she seemed determined to teach me. She wanted to dance with a big guy that made her feel short even if she wore heels.

We had never really gotten romantic despite hanging out so much. Until one day I had driven her home because I she had managed to drink a little despite being one year too young to be able to drink literally. I had a hard time getting comfortable in her truck to drive home and she laughed. She was buzzed but not drunk but still said I should drive just in case. We left earlier than we had originally planned so I was not expected home for another two hours. She invited me in and I accepted. She had picked me up from home since the club was closer to my house than hers. She said that as soon as she sobers up a little she would take me home but I told her it was no rush and that if I was late it wasn’t that big of a deal since my parents trusted me.

She got made herself some coffee. That was another thing about her is that she was a caffeine and sugar junkie. She said that she needed a fix to help sober her up. We sat on the couch and started talking. Soon she told me that we never really talked about my love life and wanted to know. She asked if I ever had a girlfriend. I replied in my usual joking way. “Look at me you know I’ve had at least one.” She laughed and said that she had looked and agreed with my statement. She asked how many and I admitted that I had had only one real girlfriend and that lasted about 5 months. 

She said that she didn’t believe me that I must have be some kind of player. I swore that I wasn’t. She then asked me something that caught me off guard. She asked how far have I gone with a girl. She sensed my shock and said that she had gone all the way with only two guys. I told her that she was way too hot for only two guys. She laughed and I think she blushed and urged me to tell. I admitted that I went all the way with that one girlfriend once. She then told me I was too hot for one girl. I said that she only thought that because she had a fetish for tall guys and this made her crack up. She said that it was getting warm and asked if I was hot so she could turn on the air conditioner. I licked my finger and touched my thigh with it and made a sizzle sound and asked her “What do you think?” She said that I was very hot and got up to turn on the air conditioner. As she got up I finally really got a good look at her for the first time that night. She was wearing a short red dress with the top hugging her chest and the bottom flowing a bit. I saw the way her red high heels made her calves look. She looked very sexy and often asked me that night in the club to stay close because guys were hitting on her a lot and she didn’t want that right now. She came back and sat down closer to me than she had and put her head on my shoulder and hugged me and I instinctively put arm around her. She said she liked the way I made her feel short and how she felt safe in my arms. I had often hugger her and often kissed her on the cheek but that was always as friends and this seemed like something more.

She looked up into my eyes and then went in for a kiss. This was seemed weird to me but it was also great at the same time. Here was a woman that I had had a crush on for almost a year but we were only friends during that time and in one night that changes. I felt her tongue slip into my mouth and I melted. She grabs my hand that is not wrapped around her and puts it on her bare thigh. God how that thigh was soft and smooth. She broke our kiss and stared into my eyes then said something that made my cock stir in my pants more so than it was doing now. “Remember that your legal now.” This just brought a big smile to my face and hers and we kissed again. I began to rub my hand on her thigh and just relished the feeling.

She moves her hand down to my crotch and rubs my dick through my jeans and then moves to remove my shirt. She gets it off and starts to kiss me chest. God how good that felt. She was leaving red lipstick all over my chest. I pick her up stand in front of me with me still sitting in the couch. I reach over and move the straps of her shoulders and pull the dress down. She was not wearing a bra but she was wearing a red thong. I just looked into her eyes for a few seconds and then took in her body. Her tits were not the biggest but not small either. I am bad with cup sizes but I guessed that they could have been a c-cup at the most or maybe a b, but they seemed perfect to me. I saw the small pink areolas and nipples and the curves of her tits. I reached up and cupped them and fondled them. She moaned softly at my touch. I stop and ask her to turn around and take off her panties. She smiles and turns around. That thong made her has that much more shapely. She put her thumbs into her panties and slowly and seductively pulled them down. As she was bending down to take off her thong I catch a glimpse of her moist pussy lips and see them separate a little. She steps out of them and begins to unfasten her heels but I ask her to keep them on. She turns back facing me and I see that shaven crotch All she said was kinky and picked me up and sits down in my place.

Now it’s my turn for a show as she unbuckles my belt and pulls down my pants. My cock still trapped under my boxers and I thought that it would eventually rip through them. She just looks at me for a moment and pulls them down her self. I step out of everything and take of my shoes and socks and stand if front of her completely naked with my dick at full attention. I see her smile and the lust in her eyes. She asks me to turn around showing her my ass. I feel her stair as she puts a hand on my ass and gives me a little spank and giggles. She gets up and kisses me deeply with my prick pressed against her stomach. She takes my hand and leads me to her room. We lay on our sides on the bed and continue to kiss with my hands playing with her tits, and her hand stroking my throbbing cock. I then move my hand to her crotch and feel how smooth she shaved. She moans as I do this and breaks our kiss. I start to kiss her neck and move down to her tits and start to suck on them to her delight. I then moved down her stomach kissing her body all the way. She squealed as a kiss land on her clit. I had only done this once before but I was a quick study and made sure I explored thoroughly the first time so I mostly knew what to do. I stroked her slit before I stuck a finger in making sure she was wet first.

She gasped as my finger entered her. I continued to kiss and suck on her clit. I soon put in two fingers and she moaned to show how it felt. Soon I pulled out my fingers and replaced them with my tongue. She just lost control and started to hump my face. I tried to reach in as far as I could with my tongue and she just kept on thrusting her hips to help. She then gives a loud grunt and moan as I feel her cunt twitch. She had cummed on my face and I was loving it. I looked up and all I saw was her breasts heaving up and down as she was catching her breath. Then I saw her lift her head and I saw the look of satisfaction on her face yet I also saw that she wanted more. By now I finally noticed just how painfully hard by prick was now as I kissed my way back up to her neck while still rubbing her pussy lips. She just turned me over on my back and continued to kiss my neck and down to my dick like I had her. She pauses as she gets down to my cock.

She just moved her hand around my cock teasing me. Finally she ever so gently pets the head of my cock before she gently wraps her fingers around it. She had small hands for being so tall and she just looked at the size different between the two. Finally she sticks out her tongue licks her lips and continues to lick my balls. My eyes just rolled back in pleasure. She then licks up the length of my cock and puts those red lips around the head of my cock swirling her tongue around it. It took all the will power I had not to cum then. She then starts to slide my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth with her struggling to breathe out of her nose. She finally gives up and takes my cock out of her mouth but then takes a deep breath and tries to beat her record. She got my 7 inch cock 5 inches into her mouth. I thought she had to be part snake being able to open her mouth as wide as she did. I watched as she did all this never taking my eyes of her. I didn’t last long after that as I felt the first load shoot out of my dick. She flinches but never breaks the seal of her lips on my cock. I feel her gulp it down and she continues to suck out the second load I shoot not nearly as much as the first. I am surprised she didn’t choke.

Finally she lets my softening dick out of her mouth and swallows what was left in her mouth. She said that she never tried that and that I was the first to cum in her mouth and she liked it. I barely registered what she said as I was recovering from the greatest orgasm I ever had. Move and put my head on the pillow and she lays down on her stomach next to me both catching our breath. I look at her and run my eyes up and down her body. I put a hand on her ass and give a little squeeze and give a little massage. I get up and giver her whole back a massage. My previous girlfriend loved my massages so I thought that Georgia deserved one as well and she loved it as well. I reached down and massaged the side of her breasts as well and I got a pleasurable groan for it. This continued for about ten minutes and then I lean over and start kissing her neck and down her back and kiss and lick her ass cheeks and then back up.

I was beginning to get hard again and she felt it rubbing on her ass. She just looked up at me and pushed me onto my back smiling the whole time. She kneeled over me stroking my cock to get it harder under the entrance to her pussy. It didn’t take long and she lowered herself onto my dick half the way down. She had her eyes closed keeping it there inside her just feeling it inside her. She then moves up and down again putting more of my burning cock in her and again until she had it all in and I had reached the top of her love tunnel. She had opened her eyes now and said, “perfect fit” with that she continues to hop up and down on my dick fucking me with increasing speed. She was looking into my eyes and me looking into hers. I then saw those perfect tits just bouncing as she moved.

I reached up and played with them and lightly pinched the nipples which made her moan loudly and fuck me harder. She then tightened her whole body and I felt her cunt just vice grip my cock in her. She cummed and I followed soon after shooting deep inside her. She then collapses on my chest my dick soft but big enough to stay in her. I feel her tits pressed up against my chest and I just put my arms around her and both doze off, but this was not the end. I awoke about half an hour later and found that my dick had gotten a little harder and growing by the second.

My rapidly rising cock had awoken Georgia and was now moaning. She starts to move her hips still lying on my chest. I was amazed at how much stamina I had for sex. I start getting real hard now, so I turn her over never taking my cock out of her and start to slowly thrust in her. I decided that I was to last longer this time and determined to make her cum again AT LEAST once more. I loved the feeling of her pussy clamping down on my dick.

As I fucked her I kissed her neck and fondled her breasts to try to give her the most stimulation possible. I then reached down and found her clit. That did it for her. I felt her tense up and clamp down on my cock like she had done before, but this time I did not stop fucking her. And this seemed to prolong her orgasm a bit. I was using all of my will power now to keep on giving her pleasure and I knew that I would be rewarded by holding back so long. I continued playing with her clit with her just moaning showing no control with her eyes rolled back mouth, open. She wrapped those long legs completely around me. I was a big man and he long legs managed to reach around me. She was helping me thrust harder and deeper into her now. She was screaming “fuck me, fuck me, make me cum again.” I did and she just started shaking like she had never done before in total ecstasy. I gave one final hard thrust and I lose it was well tensing up and shooting load after load of my cum inside of her. We lay there for a while me on top of her with her legs still wrapped around me and my limp and exhausted cock still in her.

She said that we smelled like sex and should go into the shower and clean off. And that’s what we did. We were both to tired to start up again but still enjoyed cleaning each other bodies. As we got out we dried ourselves off and got dressed and said that all that sex had sobered her up and asked me if I want to go home. I said I did not want to but I had too. She goes over and hugs me. Slips her hand into my back pocket and leads me out to her truck with her head on my chest to take me home. As I got out of her truck in front of my house I leaned over kissed her with my hand on her leg and said “How about going out again tomorrow.”

She gets a big smile on her face and says, “I need my rest, so how about the day after.” I agree and go inside to bed and fall right to sleep. The best sleep I have had in years.