 When she first began working there, he noticed how attractive she was. Dana was Korean-American, about 5'6" tall, about 130 lbs, black shoulder-length straight but nicely styled hair and dark eyes. She had a nice curvy figure and a pretty face with full "blow-job" lips. He loved it when she wore her bright red blouse (it looked so good against her back hair) and black genie pants outfit. Dana had a friendly demeanor, often joking around and laughing. Sometimes when she was talking to someone in the office who was sitting at a desk adjacent to the one at which she was standing, Dana would lean forward onto the desk, and he would get a bit aroused seeing her curvy ass sticking out. Her breasts weren't large, but they definitely were sexy. When Dana wore a white blouse and the temperature was chilly in the office, it was plain to see her nipples were dark. Not only did her nipples become erect, but the area around her nipples seemed to jut out as well. He found this extremely erotic.

They would converse from time to time, mostly about nothing, and she would flirt subtly once in a while. She had a bit of a low, breathy voice, also a turn-on for him. Dana was engaged and lived one block over and a few blocks down from him. When her fiancée was not around, she sometimes would ask if he was busy on the weekend and they would meet, sometimes alone, sometimes with other friends, for something to eat, to play a little tennis, to catch a movie, or whatever. Even though she was an attractive woman, she was also like a buddy who just wanted to hang out. 

Dana was very much into bowling due to her fiancee's influence. They would join bowling leagues together and she became quite adept at the game. One day at the office she asked him and a couple of other friends if they would be interested in joining a summer league. They all accepted and formed a four-person team. Dana would show up in jeans or sweats. He would watch her from behind as she prepared to roll the ball. She had a routine where she would stand holding the bowling ball up to one side and sort of "dig in" with her shoe, causing her hips to swivel from side to side. She would then go into her delivery, ending in a bent over forward position leaning to one side. 

Her ass cheeks would wiggle beckoningly and come to a halt in a delicious position. She was aware he was watching her because her girlfriend on the team would tell her when he was not within earshot. One night before the bowling session began, he was standing near the lane chairs checking out the standings and stats for the week. Dana arrived, changed into her bowling shoes and walked up next to him to share a peek at the stat sheet. She purposefully pressed her left breast against his arm as she pretended not to notice she was doing that. He was amazed how hard her breast was, sort of like a Spalding ball. The team started the season in tenth place and finished in first place in the last game of the last night.

A couple of weekends after their bowling victory, he was home (he lived alone) doing some light housework. The doorbell rang and he wondered who it could be, as he rarely had visitors, especially unannounced. He opened the door and there stood Dana in t-shirt and jeans with a light windbreaker and wearing the small-lensed, brown thin-rimmed eyeglasses she sometimes wore. Needless to say, he was surprised to see her. She smiled enthusiastically and said "Hi. I was taking a walk and thought I'd drop by." Her fiancée was working all day and she wanted to get out of the house. He was glad to see her and welcomed her in. She had never been to his place and the first words out of her mouth after she entered were "It's so fuckin' clean!!"

He offered her a cold drink, took her jacket and they first sat at the kitchen table, but it felt so formal, so they went to the living room, which they found to be more comfortable and relaxing. They talked about work, about movies, about her not too distant wedding plans. The conversation flowed nicely. They were side by side on the couch. There was a lot of laughing and every now and then, they would touch each other to make a point in the conversation. After some arm touching, he touched the top of her thigh, and she responded in kind when it was her turn to talk. She was not uncomfortable at all and seemed to welcome the physical parrying.

During a particularly animated portion of the chatting, they were laughing quite hard while continuing the story. Dana's hand came to rest on his leg. She did not withdraw it until the amusement died down. Once things grew calm, she leaned her head back and put both her arms over her head, grasping the top of the couch with her hands. She looked straight ahead. He was so turned on by her surrendering posture. She turned her head toward him and looked at him. It was all the incentive he needed. He placed his hand on her tummy, gliding it across to her side and kissed her lips. Dana moved her torso forward in response and welcomed his tongue into her mouth. She let out a low husky moan as they kissed slowly and deeply. Her hands moved down to his head, caressing his hair. She sat up a little so she could press against him. He felt her hard breasts against his chest and held her tight against him as they continued their oral assault on one another. A good five minutes passed before they disengaged their sucking lips.

He put his hands on her shoulders and glided them down her waist. His hands began pulling at her shirt, trying to free the bottom of it from her pants. He finally got it free. He removed her glasses and pulled her shirt up and over her head. He replaced her glasses -- she looked so incredibly sexy with them on -- and he could see her amazing perky nipples straining against her white bra cups. Dana saw the wanton look in his eyes, reached around her back, unhooked her bra and slid it off her shoulders and chest. His penis rose to full length at the sight of her beautiful breasts. With both hands he cupped her tits with his thumbs and forefingers and squeezed slowly and gently. 

They felt wonderful. The brown nipples and were erect and the raised portion of breast around the nipples made it look like the nipples were resting on top of larger nipples. He lowered his head, opened his salivating mouth and closed it around her left breast. He applied gentle, long sucks, taking the entire breast into his mouth. His lips increased the sucking pressure, but he maintained the same slowness. He was driving her wild. Her fingers clenched at his hair and her breathing became heavy. He moved to her other breast and using his teeth, gently and slowly bit down while taking her right breast almost entirely inside his mouth. "Aaaaahhhhhh!!!" she moaned deeply. The firmness of her tits was unbelievable. He finally paid some attention to her aching nipples. The opening of his mouth closed a little so that his wet lips closed around only her right nipple(s). He puckered his lips firmly around her nubs while his tongue pressed and rubbed her nipples against the roof of his mouth. Dana's hands were digging into his shoulders. He gave her left nipple the same treatment and ended with a quick short bite, causing her to gasp and jump toward him. The tit sucking lasted ten minutes.

He got up and stood before her as she remained seated on the couch. Dana fumbled for his belt buckle, but his calm hands took over and he removed his pants and underwear. She whispered "Hohhhh" and began feeling his balls and moving her hand up his shaft. She could see his pre-cum and smelled its intoxicating aroma. She opened her mouth and gently placed her teeth on the top and underside of his crown, nibbling ever so softly as she licked the pre-cum off the end with her tongue. Her hand closed around his shaft and slowly moved up and down its length. Her full lips closed around the head and she began applying sucking pressure only to the head. She opened her lips just enough for he head to slide in and out, allowing his cock head to fuck her mouth lips. She then very slowly let him slide as much of his cock inside her mouth as possible. Her head began to bob up and down very slowly. He looked down and was floored by the sight of her beautiful face, made even sexier by her eyeglasses, as she lovingly caressed his dick with her soft, wet mouth and lips while his fingertips made little circles in her hair.

He backed away from her face and pulled her up by the shoulders. Oh, she looked so sexy standing there topless! He put his arms around her and kissed her again, his hands traveling down to undo her pants. She was so receptive. She helped him remove her pants and slid her panties off. He took two pillows from the couch and placed them flat on the coffee table. He turned her around so that her back was pressing against him. He reached around and fondled her tits some more, rolling her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. She felt his rock-hard cock against her and gyrated her ass against it. 

He bent her forward and she got on all fours on top of the coffee table. What a sight her naked round ass was! He stood behind her and saw she was dripping wet. He eased his cock inside her, little by little, until he was all the way in. She let out a long low moan. He slowly slid his cock back until it was nearly all the way out, and then repeated the cycle. This is the way he fucked her. It was like slow-mo video, but smooth, not choppy. He fucked her so incredibly slowly. She looked back at him with her eyeglass-covered face and watched as his cock sank into her drenched hole, emerged, sank back in, re-emerged, etc. Her deep voice moaned, "Ohhhh…that feels sooo goood!! Mmmmm."

His snail's pace did not increase one iota. She began slowly rocking and bucking her hips to perfectly meet his lethargic rhythm. He watched as she fucked him back, and her movements were so hot. They were entranced and enraptured in a slow fuck dance together. He noticed her head began to move up and down; she was getting close. Her breathing quickened. With all this increase in activity on her part, he maintained his slow, easy pace to the end. Jerking her head up, she announced "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cummm!!", her voice rising in pitch on the word "cummm". Her head fell forward as she bucked her hips around his still slow thrusting cock. Her mind traveled at the speed of light as she suddenly found herself in the throes of an awesomely intense orgasm. She let out short high-pitched yelps as she came "Ooh…ooh…ooh…ooh…ooh…ooh!!!"

He managed to hold back long enough to let her finish her ecstasy. Once she came back down to earth, he slipped his cock out of her satisfied pussy and turned her onto her back on the coffee table. He lifted her legs and crouched down between them. He pressed and rubbed his tight balls against her clit and pubic hair while stroking his erect cock with his hand. His head fell back and his eyes closed as rope after rope of hot cum shot from deep within his balls and out of his cock. He looked down and saw she was covered with his cum, from under her chin, on her neck, her tits, to her stomach. He rubbed his dick a little more and one last little spurt popped out, landing almost inside her navel. She joyfully rubbed his warm jism all over her gorgeous tits and nipples. 

After they dressed, Dana said, "See you at work", gave him a quick kiss and hurried out the door.

Monday at work, they said their usual greetings and went about their day as if nothing had happened. Thereafter, they never spoke about their intimate encounter and never had sex together again, although they remained friends.