 It was another lonely Saturday night sitting in my apartment with little more for entertainment then my TV and my computer. Being a college student, money wasn't that handy, so I decided to stay in. I grabbed the remote and was lazily flipping through channel looking for an interesting TV show or movie to come up when my phone rang. I pick it up.

"Hello"

The voice on the other line is shaky and filled with tears

"Hey Sam, it's Raven, got a minute?" 

Raven has been one of my closest

"Sure" I replied. "What's wrong"

She then went into the events that had happened that night. She explained to me how she had been out with some friends at a party and ran into her boyfriend there, who happened to be lip locked with another girl. She told me she had stormed out of the party with tears streaming down her face and had walked all the way home.

"Is there anything I can do sweetie?" I really hated seeing her this upset.

"You think you could come over and just be with me for a while, I need someone I can talk to, and right now, I want it to be you"

I agreed and hung up the phone, thinking it was just going to be a movie night with her curled up against me like usual when stuff liked this happen. Boy was I wrong.

I pulled up to her apartment, climbed the stairs, and knocked on her door. After a few seconds the door creaked open, and there she was, in sweatpants and a tank top. She had never looked more beautiful. I had always admired her beauty and had had the hugest thing for her for a while now. She had long, black hair that went down the middle of her back, bright green eyes, and the cutest face I had ever seen. She had a stunning body as well. She was slender in build, probably around 110 pounds. Though her breasts weren't very large, a small B if I had to guess, they perfectly fit her body and were very perky. Her ass was perfect, not to big, not to small, and she loved showing it off.

She threw herself into me and wrapped her arms around me. I held her for a few moments and took in the smell of her hair, which was still damp from the shower she had taken before I got there and smelled like blueberries.

She looked up at me with those captivating green eyes and managed a weak smile. "Thank you for coming over, I just needed someone to be with right now"

I just smiled at her and said "My pleasure"

We walked inside and she flopped down on the couch and wrapped herself in a blanket. I went into her kitchen and grabbed the bottle of rum she kept on top of the refrigerator and made us each a rum and coke. I took my usual seat on the couch next to her and she leaned against me, resting her head on my chest and watching the TV screen. I put an arm around her and held her to me, securing her against me. We were watching some sad love story type movie, bad choice for the occasion, so I grabbed the remote and switched it off. 

"What did you do that for?" she asked and looked at me.

"We need to cheer you up, not watch depressing crap like that. I have an idea. Do you have any lotion?" By this time we had a few more drinks in us and were both feeling a buzz, but she knew what I meant with that question. She hopped up and went to her bathroom, then came back with a bottle of Cucumber melon, her favorite scent.

I leaned back against the arm of the couch and put a pillow in my lap. She laid down with her head in my lap and stretched out. I put a few drops of lotion on my hand and started rubbing her shoulders gently, just like she always liked it done. 

"That feels good" she whispered, and just lay there enjoying her massage. I paid special attention to her neck and shoulders, letting my hands slide across her soft skin. I was having difficulty getting to her back, so I decided I would chance it.

"Raven, this shirt is getting my way, would you mind taking it off?" I asked.

She mumbled an "Ok" into the pillow and lifted up slightly so I could pull it up over her head. I took her shirt off and tossed it to the floor. She wasn't wearing a bra, she didn't really need one. She got comfortable again and I continued my massage. As I started getting lower and lower on her back, I could swear I heard her moan. I just decided to continue rubbing and see what happened.

My hands met the band of her sweat pants and I let them rest there for a second. Next thing I hear was a soft "Don't stop" coming from her mouth. I just looked at her with surprise.

"I told you to keep going, why did you stop?"

"You sure about that, you sure you want me to keep going?"

She just nodded and put her head back down.

My hands slid under the wasteband of her sweats and I was meat with her bare ass, she wasn't wearing panties. I put some more lotion on my hands and went back, slowly rubbing each ass cheek, squeezing them gently. 

Again I heard her moan, this time I was sure of it. Her breathing started to get heavier, her body pushing her ass into my hands as I rubbed.

I stopped for a second and she looked up at me.

"All the times before when you have given me a massage, I have wanted it to lead to this, and tonight, it will."

She turned over onto her back and her nipples started to stiffen as they were exposed to the air. She pushed her hips up slid her sweats down, exposing her shaved pussy. She tossed them to the floor, and before I knew what had really happened, she was laying completely naked in my lap. "I want you to touch me where ever you want" she purred.

I felt myself get instantly hard with those words, and it was like my hands had a mind of there own. They went down and gently started to massage her tits, each about a handful. Her nipples got even harder. I leaned down and kissed her, her full lips pressing against mine, and I slid my tongue into her mouth. 

My fingers started to play with her nipples, gently pinching them. She moaned into my mouth and started moving back and forth in my lap. 

She broke the kiss, looked up at me and giggled

"Don't think I don't feel you poking me down there, we'll take care of that later, right now, just keep doing what you are doing"

I must have had a shocked expression on my face, because she looked up at me and kissed me again, biting my lower lip.

I slid my left hand down her body towards her pussy, gently scratching her as my hands passed her stomach and hips. I hesitated for a second, and she pushed her hips up, causing my middle finger to slide between her lips. She gasped as my finger made contact with her clit. I couldn't believe how wet she was. I spread her lips apart with my index and ring finger and slowly inserted my middle finger into her soaked pussy.

Another moan escaped her lips and I felt her pussy contract around my finger. I pulled her up so she was leaning against me. This way I could work on her pussy and tits at the same time. I inserted another finger into her pussy as I played with her nipples with my free hand. She was moaning loudly now, thrusting her hips against my hand. I used my thumb to start playing with her clit, gently rubbing it back and forth. I could feel her body jolting each time my thumb passed over it. I slid my fingers in and out of her faster and faster, her moans becoming louder and her breath coming in heavy gasps. Suddenly, I felt her pussy clench my fingers again, and she went silent. She started to shake slightly and I could see her muscles twitching as she had her first orgasm. I left my fingers inside her pussy as she came back down to earth. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked up at me.

"That....was great" She gasped, still trying to catch her breath.

I pushed her up got to my feet, my dick making its presence very obvious. She looked at the bulge in my pants and giggled lightly. 

I picked her up off the couch and carried her to her bedroom. I set her down on the edge of the bed and arranged the pillows so she could lie back against them. I got down in front of her and started kissing my way up her thighs, lightly biting them as I went. As my face came to her pussy, I let out a hot breath of air, causing her thrust her hips up towards my face. I took this as my cue. 

I slowly traced my tongue around her pussy lips, tasting the sweetness of her pussy. I gently spread her lips with my tongue and pushed it all the way inside, tasting her and exploring her pussy. She started moaning again, pushing her hips into my face as I ate her pussy. I pulled my tongue out and started lightly flicking her clit with it. This caused her to almost scream with pleasure as I lightly teased her.

She looked down at me with a lust I had never seen in her eyes.

"Make me cum again baby, make me scream" is all she said.

I locked my lips around her clit and started sucking, using my tongue to flick it every now and then, causing her body to jolt with every touch. I slid two fingers into her pussy and started to look for her g-spot. I found it and was rewarded with a low, loud moan.

"I'm going to cum again, please don't stop" she begged me.

After a few more minutes, she came in torrents, flooding my face and hands with her juices. I gladly licked them up and crawled up the bed to give her a kiss. Tasting herself on my lips made her even more excited. She reached down and unzipped my pants, reaching into my boxers to free my cock. She pulled it out and slowly started pumping it. It felt so good that I almost lost control of myself right there.

I stood up and removed my pants and my boxers, my dick pointing straight at her. She looked at it and gave me a sly smile. I crawled into bed with her and she turned me over on my back. In one swift move, she impaled herself on me, letting out a moan as she took the entire 8" inside her. As she adjusted, she leaned up and kissed me again, deeply. She slowly started to ride me, going up and down, letting her pussy slide along my shaft, my dick almost coming out, the slamming back down. I was so turned on, I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for long. 

"I'm getting close, I'm going to cum" I moaned as she continued to bounce herself up and down.

I reached up and started playing with her nipples, pinching them and rubbing her tits. This caused her to buck up and down faster.

"I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming" She slid off my dick and turned around to take it into her mouth. Jet after jet of cum slid down her throat as I blew my load. She sucked me clean and looked back at me, licking her lips.

I lay there, gasping for breath, still shocked by what had just happened. She lay down next to me and pulled the blankets over us. I looked over at her with a smile.

"So I guess this makes us more then just friends?"

She just grinned at me and kissed me.