 Matthew tentatively placed the palm of his hand on the silken leg before him. He felt the warm firm skin beneath his touch and a rush of pent up desire ripple through his body and fire his imagination. The exquisite young woman smiled and leaned forward to kiss him and be kissed by him. He felt relieved he had read the signals correctly that she did want him to touch her. Their lips met in a slow passionate and gentle touch. He felt himself suppressing his heavy breathing and stoked the silken skin of here leg moving tentatively over her shapely thigh to the hem of the short skirt that was stretched tightly around her curvaceous hips. The kiss got more urgent as he touched her. She pressed her moist lips against his and began caressing the nape of his neck tickling the tiny hairs there with her fingernails and sending little shivers through him.

It was still very much a dream that he felt he was in. It had only been an hour ago he had found himself entranced by the petite blond that he was now kissing and caressing. He had known he only as a picture in the catalogues his company used to market lingerie products. She had always stood out in the teen market photos especially in the sweet underwear from the S.H.E range she wore. She was about 5'6" petite and with an A cup but with perfect-globed breasts that sat uplifted in most bras in a sweet hot cleavage. Everything else about her was like a doll -- luscious curves, pert rounded ass and long shapely legs with exquisitely beautiful skin. Blue eyes that he was lost in at this moment, full cupids bow lips and aristocratic high cheekbones.

Matthew in his late 40's and divorced was in mid life crisis territory. He wondered if she was a gold digger but didn't care. He wondered if she was an escort but didn't care. He slid his other hand to touch her sweet pert breasts. The nipples had erupted from the tight halter she wore and the outline showed her arousal. When he felt how firm they were and the luscious shape beneath his touch he felt the already excited lump in his pants lurch forward and swell dramatically. It was only then he was conscious of the idea that she had let him and perhaps encouraged this intimacy.

They had spoken briefly and dance before retreating to the patio seat they now occupied. It had been her who had spotted him nursing a drink alone in the party and she had smiled sweetly and made her way over to him. He had been ogling her since the moment she arrived. Everyone had flocked her around from the mostly gay fashion designers to the wealthy playboy types and male models alike. The room was alive with beautiful models both male and female and he guessed that like in many of these events some of them were call girls hired to keep customers happy and many of the rest were eye-candy for the punters to promote the lingerie products of the company that hosted the event. Matthew was dressed smartly in his best Armani suit. As the owner of a chain of Lingerie boutiques he liked to buy the best from the most fashionable houses. S.H.E had for years produced consistently classy and sexy underwear and lingerie. It was known for its mysterious owners a group of three women each descendant from the St Sein and Honeywell families that had offices in London and Paris that had founded the company over a hundred years ago.

Matthew wasn't a particularly handsome man but his work with a personal trainer kept him fit and he still had a full head of dark hair with flecks of grey appearing making him look distinguished rather than old. His green eyes and warm manner made him appealing and though he wasn't immediately an attractive option for most women once they knew him, his wit and warmth was engaging. It was the fact that he had made Candice laugh that perhaps brought him to where he was now he mused. When she came over to talk to him he had made some comment about flies around a honey pot and then somehow they had begun talking about her last photo shoot of the new line of butterfly effect lingerie. Some how from there they had ended up dancing together. It had all been such a whirlwind and he still had suspicions about whether or not she was paid to be with him to keep his company on side or even if she was trying to earn a little on the side herself. At the moment he would have paid anything to continue. His hand felt her stiffening nipple and her kisses showed how much she enjoyed being touched. He slid his hand beneath the hem of her skirt to feel the curve of her hip and touch the soft silken panties that stretched across her sweet body. She murmured and wriggled seductively sighing sexily between renewing her more passionate kisses and caressing his hair sending shivers through him.

Candice was barely 19. She knew the effect she had on men. She was conscious of how they looked at her, knew how to walk so every eye in the room was on her. How to talk so people hung on every word and how to dress so seductively that women envied her and men had wet dreams over her. Despite this she came across as sweet and almost oblivious of her affect. There was a far away look in her eyes and a distance and warmth about her eyes and her smile that drew people of all ages and gender to her. Dancing with her- slow dancing with her presented the opportunity to feel her body against his. To run his hands across her luscious curves, to stare lasciviously down her silk halter-top and to feel her slender waist was making him feel sublime. Two or three songs passed in this sweet embrace and then she smiled and led him to the patio seat where they began to kiss.

" I'm curious what it is you see in me." He gasped. " I mean I'm twice your age!" "I mean don't get me wrong but are you um... a call girl?"

He wondered if he had blown it but pinched her nipple and kept his hand where it was on her hip feeling the line of her panties with his fingertips. 

" What do you think this building is worth Matt?" she said to him sweetly. She continued to caress his hair and wriggle positively against his wandering hand movements.

"Oh maybe $ 4 million, I guess. Why do you ask? Its genuine Art Deco, great location tastefully restored. "

" Very good, $4.6 million at last valuation, Well it's just that I own it. I have an apartment on the top floor. So I don't need to do this for money. And our company doesn't need more of your business either if that's what you are thinking." 

She kissed him again until he was breathless and the hand he had on her breast squeezed and kneaded it toying with the nipple and reveling in its hardness. Her tongue lanced into his mouth and her long fingernails traced his neck and hairline wildly.

When the flurry of passion subsided he looked at her. He was relieved but still couldn't believe his luck. "Then why me Candice? There are some great looking guys here your age too."

She smiled at him and reached down and touched the hand that he had beneath her tight skirt hem. She grasped the top of the palm and guided it until it touched the sweet triangle of silk covering her pussy. He felt the warmth and the dampness there and shivered with excitement. She smiled.

" It's because I want to fuck you! Feel how wet I am already. And boys my age usually want to show off how athletic they are. Sex tends to be a race to be won rather than an intimacy to be explored. Now let me see if you want me a little."

She reached down and placed her hand on the burgeoning lump in his pants. She clasped it tightly to feel how hard it was and felt it move under her touch. She began to trace an outline with her fingernails that sent shivers through him and she leaned forward and kissed him as she teased his cock and he began to press the outline of her labia into her panties. He wanted to find her clit and make her tremble tike she was making him tremble. The dampness filled her diaphanous panties and he rubbed the sweet lump until she began to pant and kiss more urgently.

" Are you going to make me cum? Here in public! Can you feel how wet I am? Do you want my hot little pussy all over this big hard cock?"

She began to shiver and grasp his cock tightly. His fingertips massaged her clit expertly. If there was one thing he had learned to do for his ex wife it was masturbating her with her panties on. It turned him and her on wildly. Candice gyrated against his touch kissing him and moaning quietly. A short distance from them hidden only by some indoors plants were a group of people discussing fashion and photography. She began to moan and gyrate and in a few short moments she was cumming and whispering and moaning in his ear.

" Mmmmmm that's so good. I can't wait to fuck you. Feel how wet I am for you. MMMMmmm Aghhhh I' Cumming so hard!!!!"

She writhed beneath his touch. She didn't climax just once. It was a series of waves of orgasm that came upon her gripped her body violently then released then again and again. Matt was proud of what he had done and so hot he could barely think. He wanted to rip her panties off and fuck her right here and then. Desire swept over him like a fever, he was sweating with anticipation. His cock contained within his suit pants strained against the fabric and tingled as she caressed and kneaded his stiff member. He understood now how exciting this was for her, to have the power to bring men to this level of desire to coax them to this level of helpless hopeless want and gain pleasure from it. Was that what she saw in him the chance to feed off that power. He didn't care. He only cared she was hot and wanted him and he could think of nothing else but drowning in this sea of desire.

" You know I can make guys cum in their pants? But I want yours hmmm in my mouth or pussy what do you think? Anyway would you like to come upstairs and see my apartment?"

He imagined how many guys she had brought to a sticky end in their pants. How many had fallen apart wanting to fuck her and just exploded the moment she touched them or she let them touch her. He nodded silently and stood up, taking her hand and walking like a zombie beside her as she wove her way through the crowd saying goodnight. She led him to the decorative wire caged elevator and peeled the doors aside and led him inside. She pressed the brass button to go to the penthouse and as the doors shut she slid to her knees before him and unzipped him. She unbuckled his belt and peeled his shorts back and began kissing the tip of his cock as her fingers snaked around his shaft expertly. She covered the tip of his cock with a trillion tiny wet kisses, rolled her articulate tongue up and down the shaft kissing and flickering her tongue over it until it was wet with her saliva. 

She took his cock in her mouth as he reached down and caressed her silken blond hair, her diamond earring glistening in the dim light highlighting her slender neck and tiny sweet ears. He leaned back against the wall of the elevator as the wave of pleasure gripped him. She had taken most of his cock down her throat and he was fucking her face as she slid her mouth up and down his shaft. When his cock came from her mouth, her fingers twisted around the shaft firmly the other finger tips caressing his swollen balls and cupping them tracing outlines with her fingernails. He couldn't believe how quickly he had been taken to the edge. His cock was throbbing and he was moments away from exploding all over her face or deep down her throat whichever place he happened to be when it happened. As quickly as he had this thought he could feel the tip of his cock being pinched and the elevator lurched onto the top floor. He felt a small measure of his cum spurt from his cock and watched her greedily swallow it and curl her tongue around the tip to clean up any residue. Her hands and fingers firmly gripped him preventing any more from escaping. The wave of orgasm still hit him. The pleasure was still enormous as was his cock. 

He looked down at her angelic face as Candice smiled up at him and got up from the floor and kissed him once more with her sticky lips. As the throbbing of his cock subsided she let go of it and turned to open the elevator doors. She took his hand and led him to the apartment security door and keyed in the code. The penthouse was tastefully appointed with antique and contemporary furniture. All around a view of the city lights provided a romantic backdrop. She helped him out of his pants as he helped her peel off her tight halter dress revealing the perfect youthful body. She left her panties on but stripped him completely. They kissed each other all over as they stripped. She led him to the bedroom and they lay together kissing sweetly and caressing, he without touching her pussy and her without touching his cock. He kissed his way around each of her small breasts and slurped and teased, bit and rolled her nipples, fondled her breast and kissed the sweet space between them. He moved his attention to her sweet flat tummy and kissed around the sweet butterfly belly stud until he could smell the how sweet scent of her wafting beneath him. He kissed the damp butterfly panties pressing his lips against them until he could fully inhale the intoxicating scent and taste the sweet wetness. She squirmed and moaned loudly. 

"Eat my pussy. Make me scream! Then fuck me hard."

Matthew pressed his lips against her squirming gyrating body and fingered her wetness with his fingers while he slurped and kissed at her moist folds, using his tongue articulately to circle and suckle at her clit. Two fingers inside her felt impossibly tight. He wiggled them to find her g-spot and felt the wetness drizzle as he did. He lanced at her and suckled and licked and finger fucked her as she began to squeal loudly shouting for him to make her cum and fuck her hard. Repeatedly. He tried to peel the panties off her so he could get a better look at her sweet shaved pussy. She reached down and stopped him and between writing and moaning said:

"Leave my panties on sugar fuck me with them on. I want them to be all wet with my cum and your cum too. It turns me on so fucking much doing it like that."

Matt didn't argue anything that turned her on more was fine by him. He peeled the tiny panties aside and renewed his efforts to make her cum. In a few minutes she was writhing and shivering and squealing. Then she screamed and shot of cum squirted from her and covered his face. He lanced his fingers deep inside her and flickered her clit once more until her body gripped by a wild seizure and a gush of wetness and squirts rewarded him. She moaned and squealed and shivered wildly. He felt his cock was so hard it could cut diamonds. After the next squirt onto his face he removed his fingers and mouth from her and slid up to kiss her. She reached down and eagerly guided him to her pussy.

She rubbed the head of his cock between her folds until the tip glistened with wetness and teased her own clit with it until she began to shiver again then aligned it with the centre of her sex.

" Put it inside me just a little and stay still and kiss me. Don't move!"

He did as he was told and felt his thickness stretch her slippery hole, feeling the gush of wetness trickle over it and her young tight pussy clamp his throbbing cock like a wet velvet vice. They kissed longingly, tenderly, and sweetly. Waves of pleasure passed over them waves of desire to press deeper to take more of him inside her were resisted, restrained and denied. She knew how much he wanted to pound her and move deep inside her. He knew she was like a steaming kettle bubbling to overflow with the heat of the fire that burned inside her. They resisted for perhaps five or even ten minutes. Each resistance to move made the kisses more urgent, the breathing more irregular and deep. Each resistance made their minds more determined to abandon the promise not to move and give in to the raging need to fuck like wild animals. Then it happened without warning. She came and squirted violently all over his cock and screamed.

" Fuck me, fuck me hard, deep and long! Do me do me baby with that big hard hot cock!"

Matthew pushed deep inside her feeling the hot juices erupt around him, feeling his cock slide into her super tight cunt. Feeling his swollen cock find her cervix and then withdraw to begin his rapid deep and hard assault on her hot pussy to satisfy the begging voice that screamed for him to bring her to orgasm. He fucked like a piston in high revs until she came again then manipulated her slender shapely legs so they were in position for a fresh pounding of her pussy. He moved them like a rag doll around the bed and then flipped her over and fucked her doggie style. With each new position he would bring her to frenzied screaming and hot spurting orgasms. Each one more violent and excited than the last, she was insatiable and he seemed to have superhuman strength and endurance. Her cries of orgasm and urgent invitations for him to make her cum drove him to find all kinds of new positions, rhythms and intensities of penetration. All the time she would caress him kiss him and tease the core of his balls so that she coaxed more creative action from him more orgasms. His cock was a rigid throbbing mass of pleasure and pleasure making.

" Mmmmmmmm I want you to cum in my pussy. " She purred in his ear through a breathy post orgasmic haze.

She pulled his cock from her and bid him to lie on his back and straddled him. It was only then he realized he had run a marathon in the past hour and he was exhausted from satisfying her continuous desire. She took his cock in her hand and slid it over her sexy slit once more letting the ample juices trickle down the shaft as she teased it and watched him shiver in anticipation. Then she positioned it so she could plunge down on it and take it inside her again. She pushed it in a few inches and held still as he moved his hands to her sweet sexy breasts to squeeze the nipples and cup the firm flesh. She smiled and reached down and began to masturbate herself. Her clit must have been so sensitive it was a hair-trigger because she began to dribble down his shaft immediately and he felt her pussy walls clamp even more tightly around him as she contracted against his throbs. In moments she was writing and shivering and cumming once more. As she convulsed in a body seizure she plunged down hard on him and began a slow ride that increased in intensity until he felt the throbs of his cock were uncontrollable. She was sobbing now squealing continuously and cumming hard and fast. She felt him throb and felt the impending squirt and forced his cock deep inside and collapsed on him and kissed him. His hands squeezed her hot sexy ass against him pressing his cock deep inside her and kissing her like he needed each kiss like air to a drowning man. They both let go of reality, of the pleasure that engulfed them and were lost in each other. Time and space were meaningless. Waves of orgasm swept over her, his pleasure extended beyond the hot hard spurts that repeatedly erupted inside her and he felt a depth of intimate connection that made him lose perspective of where his cock ended and her pussy began. All that occupied his mind was continuing to feel her sensuous body and immersing himself in the expressiveness of their kisses and caresses and shiver with the waves of endorphins that flowed over them. 

An orgasm, even one like this is not an end sometimes it is a beginning and Matthew and Candice drifted into a state of blessed sleep. They would wake and repeat the previous story many times over the next few days. She fed on his desire and he drowned in her loveliness. She was more than just eye candy, she was sweetness that lasted, addictive and divine.