 The only thing I love more than masturbating is making love with my wife.

But tonight there I was in a hotel room all by my lonesome. I had been thinking about my sexy wife all day long as I sat in extended meetings with my Washington State based client. Somehow I'd been able to keep from grabbing myself and yanking out a good cum ever since I'd come back to the room after dinner with the client about three hours ago. 

But now I was in bed as I looked over at the clock on the nightstand and it read '10:34'. I immediately pictured my wife sitting at home on our couch, curled up with her book of the week. I saw those bare feet tucked up close to her lovely butt. Something in that image stirred my manhood under the hotel bed covers. I was doing something I often did while on a business trip, enjoying the full freedom of a huge bed and sleeping naked.

I felt my penis stir again.

Just as I finally decided to give in to my lustful desire for my wife and reach under the covers for my growing erection...

'Rrrrinng' 

"Damn!" I called out to the ringing phone probably loud enough for my hotel mates on either side of my room to hear me. I reached for it. Even though I knew the person on the other end of the phone couldn't see me, I still felt a little embarrassed to be answering the phone naked so I pulled the covers up tight to my body.

"Hello?" I said, somewhat exasperated.

"Are you naked yet?" The reply came over the line low and seductive. 

It was my wife, Mary Ann!

I smiled in spite of myself. 

"As a matter of fact I am." I replied honestly. Then I wondered if she was just teasing and really didn't expect me to be.

"And are you lying in that big hotel bed nice and horny, dear?" My wife asked seductively, obviously not disturbed by my honesty. 

"I always am when I hear you talk like that." I tried to put how much I missed her into my voice.

"I wish I was there right now," she whispered back. "I would make you very horny."

"So then tell me, are you still dressed? Are you touching yourself?" I asked.

"No to the first question and yes to the second." Came her reply. "I just called as I thought you could use a little assistance while you played with yourself." Mary Ann said.

I felt a shiver run the length of my body. How did my loving wife know me so well?

"If you must know, I first became excited while working today," I said and laughed. 

"I enjoy the thought of you being unable to stop fantasizing about me." She said and giggled. 

"And how about you, do you have vibey out?" I asked.

"I do." she replied. "I'm holding him now."

"I don't believe you," I said daringly. "It's too early your time."

Then I immediately heard a faint click and then a growing buzzing sound. 

"Believe me now?" she asked and I knew she was holding her prized toy up to the phone.

"Mmmmm...yes, now I do." I smiled broadly and felt my cock twitch again under the covers. "So you know how to use that thing?"

"Hmmm, I do get confused sometimes as to what I'm supposed to do with him," she replied.

"Well, I'll walk you through it on one condition," I said.

"What's that?" she asked, I'm sure already anticipating my answer.

"I want to hear how you feel, every moan, every gasp. You don't get to be quiet. I want to hear it all."

There was a pause as I felt myself growing more excited. 

"I think I can make that happen." she replied.

I grinned big time! I just knew she had to hear my loud smile over the phone and knew I was exploring her nude body in my mind. 

"Are you ready, my dear?"

"Depends what you have in mind for me," she said coyly. 

"Just do exactly as I say." 

"I'm ready," she replied.

"Oh, I know you are, I know." Hearing her voice, sexy and soft at the same time, I didn't know who was driving who crazy. "Now, lie back on your bed. I want you to imagine I'm in the room with you. I don't get to touch you... not this time. I just get to watch you please yourself, knowing that you're thinking about me."

"Oh yes!" she said.

"What?" I asked at the way she yelled back in to the receiver.

"The way you talk. Are you trying to work me into a frenzy right off the bat?"

"That's exactly my intention. Now, are you picturing me in the room, sitting at the foot of our bed?"

"Oh yea," she replied. "I have a very clear mental picture of you."

"Good." I was breathing harder now and having to gather myself to go on. "Now, you don't get to play with your toy, not yet. First, while you're staring at me, I want you to run your hands over your body."

"Okay. I'm following your directions, clearly picturing you at the foot of our bed. I'm running my fingernails over my bare stomach. Mmmmmm."

"What?"

"That just caused me to shiver." Mary Ann said. "Now I'm moving my hands higher, gently caressing under my bare breasts."

"You're getting ahead of me dear. But keep going. Run your nails over your nipples, too."

I abruptly heard this very audible gasp. "Ahhhhh..."

"What dear?"

"That just made them harden and spring to life."

"You sound as if you are really enjoying this."

"My nipples," she replied as if not hearing my last remark, "they are extremely sensitive right now."

"Mmmmm...I want to see that, uh, I mean, yes, I can see that." I caught myself trying to stay in the moment for her. "Your breasts are so beautiful. Your nipples are so large and firm. I want you to take one and twist it between your fingers."

"Ohhhh" she cried out. "It hurts...yet it feels so good."

"Yes, I know. Now, move your hands lower, past your stomach. Run them over your thighs. Now, I want you to spread your legs wide for me. Remember, I'm right there, at the foot of your bed, and I want to see and hear everything. Show yourself to me. Tell me what I'm seeing."

"I can't believe I'm doing this...but...I'm lying on my back and my nipples are hard as rocks. I have my legs spread apart and they're trembling. You have me so excited I can hardly stand it. My hands travel around my body and it feels so very good."

"Good. Now, I want to see more. With your one hand, reach down and spread yourself open for me."

"Oh!" she said.

"Are you doing that for me?" I asked.

"Yes" she whispered.

"Tell me what I see." I said.

"I... I don't know if I can" she stammered.

"Yes, you can. Please, I need to know. You aren't the only one worked up here." I threw the covers back and in seconds my cock was fully hard, bobbing gently up and down off my stomach with each beat of my heart. I became very focused on listening to my wife's breathing and gauging how deeply she was getting into all this. 

"What are you saying?" she asked. "Are you excited too?"

"How can you even ask that? I have a mental picture of you, lying on our bed naked, holding yourself open for me. I'm hard as a rock. Are you still touching yourself sweetheart?"

"Yes, I am sweetie." 

"Good. I knew you would be. How does it feel?"

"Very wet," she purred into the phone. 

"Describe for me what you are doing sweetie." My voice reached out to her and it was like my fingers were doing the tracing around her lips. 

"I am running the tips of my fingers over the inside of my thighs at the moment. Slowly moving upwards now, lightly touching my pussy lips."

"Nice. Don't stop talking sweetie. Tell me everything your naughty hand is doing."

"Now, I am running one finger up my slit."

As she said the word 'slit', I groaned softly. I probably should have told her I had so many images in my mind both from listening to her voice and now having grabbed my hard-on full in my left hand. 

"Yes. I am lying next to you on the bed. I can look at you while your hand is doing its naughty work." I told her. "Don't stop talking to me sweetie."

"Now I am running my finger up and down between my lips and..." 

It was then the first bead of pre-cum bubbled up and rolled down the head of my shaft. I slid my fingertip across it and rubbed it in circular motions around the whole tip. It soon shone in the moonlight coming through the curtains. My fingers were getting pretty slick and right before I was going to tell her how much I was leaking for her, she interrupted me. 

"Are you wet yet too, sweetie?"

I almost burst out laughing at her coincidental question. Instead I just stroked myself that much more firmly, eliciting even more pre-cum. "Yes I am," I took my finger and smeared the clear liquid all over the swollen head. "And all because of you."

"Aw, does he have a big tear in his eye." 

I looked down and indeed another huge drop of pre-cum dripped from the little hole at the tip of my cock and fell onto my lower stomach. 

"Oh, I'm sorry but hearing such a sexy woman with a vibrator makes him so envious he's having a hard time keeping a dry eye." 

She didn't say anything for a minute.

"Are you there?" I asked.

"Oh yes." she replied. "Just altering my mental picture, removing your clothing so I can watch you stroke yourself right here at the foot of our bed while you watch me."

"Damn woman, you are something else." he said.

"I know," she laughed. "Now, where were we?"

"You were about to tell me what I'm seeing."

"Oh yes. I can do that now since I'm looking at myself in the mirror here. I have my legs drawn up and I'm holding myself wide open for you. The dark red polish on my nails contrasts with my white, creamy skin. I've pulled back most of my pubic curls so there's nothing to obstruct your view." she whispered.

"Yes, I can see that clearly. Now, run a finger down your slit. Tell me if you are wet." 

"Yes. Very." She said, "And my clit, it's already standing up for you."

I wanted to crawl through that phone to my wife and bury my face in her sex! But instead I settled for ogling her in my mind as I continue to jack off. I finally swallow hard and then tell her..."Run your finger over that softly for me."

"Oh, my yes!" she said.

"I thought you would enjoy that. Now, where is that vibrator? I want to see it. Tell me what it looks like."

"Hmmm...well, he is large and pink. His head is very large and it rotates. He has a little extension like a thin tongue that sticks out that is used to stimulate the clitoris. He's beautiful and powerful," she said, "just like you lover."

I was stroking my hard cock and almost felt myself getting to the point I could cum, especially after a complimentary comment like that. I was so horny my cock felt even thicker and hotter than normal. I could sense I was getting near orgasm, so I immediately stopped for a few seconds to let it subside and enjoyed the anticipation. 

"Donnie, you there?" I hear Mary Ann's voice call to me. 

"What? I mean, yes."

"What do I do next?"

"Yes, very good. Now, turn it on, what else?"

I could hear the click of the vibrator's switch again and the whirring noises began.

"Now I want you to rub the tip over your nipples. Tell me how that feels."

"Oh wow...it feels good. Can you see that in your head?"

"Oh yes, very clearly. Now, move him down, past your stomach, but don't put him inside yet. I want to hear you scream at least once before that happens. I told you I would take my time with you..."

"You are so naughty." she said.

"...very good." She had interrupted me but the comment still applied. "I'm just getting started my dear. Now, you said it has a 'tongue' of some sort for...hmmm...what was it again? Oh yes, clitoral simulation. That's exactly what I want you to do with it. Tell me how that feels."

"Sorry, I already am and oh my, that feels wonderful. Really, really good...oh yes, so good!"

I grunted softly. "You sound like you really like that. Now, I want you to turn the power up on your little toy and really start working your clit. Remember, I want to hear everything." I was savoring the feeling of her being under my control. I could picture her holding the vibrator tightly, manipulating it over her body. She couldn't keep quiet, moaning softly at first and then growing progressively louder over the phone.

As my wife was breathing heavily into the phone on her end I pointed my cock up toward the ceiling and as I did it expelled another clear bead of pre-cum. I delighted in the feel of it rolling down the smooth shiny head. Soon I was flexing my muscles purposefully, making my cock swell and flex, still more pre-cum emerged as I did. I had yet to start stroking my shaft again as I continued to contract my muscles rhythmically squeezing my butt cheeks hard and watching my cock harden and swell straight up each time. Another pre-cum tear fell from the side of my crown and landed on my stomach. I watched as the clear strand connecting my cock to my stomach danced around with my twitching and breathing. 

"I don't know how much more I can take." Mary Ann said and I could here the incessant erotic buzz in the background.

"We're about to find out," I replied. "I want you to turn on the part of the vibrator that makes it rotate. Hold it right up to your slit. Let your wetness soak onto it."

"Okay." The longer than necessary drawing out of that simple word told me she had already begun.

"Does it feel good?"

"Oh yeah, it feels good."

"Now when he's all wet, I want you to start to slowly slide him into you. Not too quickly. I want you to feel every inch."

"You do know how to torture...oh! Oh my..." She couldn't finish her sentence. She seemed to have lost herself in the toy; or rather the toy in here. And I loved it!

I squeezed my own hard shaft again and the end of my cock got wet from some generous pre-cum once again. I laid back and began stroking myself voraciously. Before I knew it was thrusting my hips up, pushing my hard cock through my fist.

"Oh yes, sweetie," she said softly. "My fingers are getting all wet. I'm all moist because of you."

"Go on, keep playing." I more growled back.

"I am moving my hand back between my legs now. Slowly pushing vibey inside now, not all the way, just a little bit further though, mmmm, feels like he's being sucked in."

My cock was rock-hard and I could feel both my heart beat as well as the contractions in my shaft as I continued to stroke myself. I was gasping for breath and felt all hot and sweaty lying on the bed sheets already. 

The feeling was incredible. 

I loved hearing my wife's moans and they only got louder. I knew it was time to finish her off.

Somehow I managed to stop my stroking, leaving my cock to hopelessly twitch and jerk.

"It's time," I said. "Do yourself hard for me...do it...do it faster..." I continued listening to her moan louder and louder. 

"Oh, oh yes.... right there!" Her breathing came in gasps. 

I saw in my mind how her hips thrust up to meet the vibrator, slamming it deep into herself. Her moans turned into near screams.

While she slipped her vibrator inside herself, I wrapped my hand around my tall shaft and gave it a couple of strong tugs. It felt delicious to move my hand up and down and each time I did still more pre-cum emerged. I was so wet that without a doubt I could easily rub myself to orgasm without any need for other lubrication.

"I wish it was your cock right now, instead of my fingers in me." Mary Ann spoke to me. I was truly imagining I was stroking myself inside my lovely wife. I nearly lost it right then, both from wanting to laugh aloud at our mutually consistent thoughts and needing to cum so badly at feeling I really was inside her wonderfully wet and hot pussy.

"You don't know how much I want you right now." I told her and a low moan escaped my lips.

"I want you too sweetie, but keep going...please." 

"I always think about you sweetie." 

"I am...rubbing...my sweet spot now...with my...wet fingers." She told me as it came out in short gasps. 

"Yes, think of them as my tongue is all over your pussy!" My breathing too was becoming ragged.

"Oh yes, I can't stop if I'd wanted to...I'm rubbing my clit faster and faster. Oh lick me Donnie...Lick me!" 

"Don't stop, I know you love this, let your body take over."

"I want..." I could hardly speak, "you..." 

My body quivered wracked with the intense sensation of my impending orgasm, "I want you so badly."

"Don't stop baby." She almost screamed into the receiver. "I wish you could see..."

"Oh dear, I wish you could see," my voice rose as my hips lifted off the hotel bed sheet. "I want to cum so much."

"Oh Donnie, you've made me sooo..." then there was silence. Then a heavy sigh and..."I am going to cum!"

"Yes Mary Ann. Cum for me!" I could feel it, too. I was going to cum with her. Her moans were the only sound I could hear at the moment. 

"Yes sweetie, cum for me!" I could hear her cheering for me. I needed to cum so badly. 

Finally...over the phone came almost a roar..."Ooooh yessssssss, I am cumming!!"

Her moans grew louder. I could actually tell her pussy was tightening around that vibrator. Only I felt as if she was clamping around me as she came. I imagined her pussy leaking her juices as she cried out in ecstasy, the perfect blissful impact of the orgasm. 

"Yeah baby, cum hard!" I nearly yelled back. 

"Cumming, yessssss, mmmmmm...oh Donnnnie!"

That was exactly what I needed to hear. I cupped my balls and wrapped my hand firmly around my shaft and began stroking for all I was worth. My own orgasm soon took me over and my hips were shaking and bouncing up and down on the bed. I was moaning with the sexual frenzy that only our two bodies together usually created within me.

I felt Mary Ann with me...

My back arched, my hips raised upwards above the bed, my body was supported only by my feet and my head. My thighs clenched together trapping my balls as my cock released a long sought ecstasy. I squeezed my butt cheeks hard and tried to hold off. I tensed so hard that I forced my cum to choke back, but instead of more pre-cum a thicker and heavier liquid escaped the tip. It slid hot, glacially, down my shaft. 

I held my breath and my cock head until suddenly swelled and forced my fingers to release and I began to cum. 

I jerked my hand up and down, gliding over my hard cock. I could feel the sensation deep inside me spread to my entire body. The moment of release was pure ecstasy! I let out a long low growl as my body finally peaked in bliss.

All of my body was tensed like a bow and arched like that as I began squirting long, hot, streams of cum. It went everywhere. My cum splattered all over my stomach and chest and even up under my neck. Shaking from pure lust, my one hand kept pounding down over my cock as my other squeezed my balls. I even felt my toes curl as the climax washed over my entire body, it was a most satisfying cum.

I finally collapsed back down on the hotel bed, not able to breath for a few seconds. In the dim light of the room I could see the last remaining white hot stream of semen cascade down the side of my still tall standing shaft. 

It took me another minute to calm down enough to realize I had dropped the phone. The only sounds I heard now were faint whimpers of pleasure coming over the line. 

I picked it up and shared my own heavy breathy sounds.

"Are you there?" I asked.

"I'm here," the partnered breathy voice responded.

"That was amazing to listen to." I said.

"Mmm," Mary Ann moaned, sounding very content. "I'm glad you enjoyed it. It was amazing for me, too."

"That was, my dear," I said, "just totally erotic."

"Feel better?" she asked. 

"Damn, I thought I'd never stop cumming!" I replied. 

"Oh sweetie, that felt so good for me too. It has been a while since I have cum so hard."

"I noticed you were moaning a lot."

"It was fantastic, mmmhmmm."

I was snuggled down on the king-sized bed by then with my hand traveling all over my cum-streaked stomach and chest. "I miss you. Two more days and I'll be back. Just think about that day. I will be there in no time."
