 I remember the first time we met. It’s a dream that will be forever etched vividly in my mind like the imprint of a memory. That night I sat at my computer, watching the words blurring together and running chasers across my screen. I promised you that we would talk again. 

Start menu…shutdown. 

The computer whirred to a stop, leaving only a peaceful nighttime silence in its wake. I got up and walked down the hall to my room, undressed, and slipped underneath the blanket on my bed. I stretched out and enjoyed the feeling of my limbs unfurling after two hours of sitting in front of the computer. I thought about you as I drifted off to sleep.

I awoke some time later to the sound of running water. I glanced over at the clock. Three a.m. it read. I lay there for a few minutes hoping to drift back to sleep but the sound of the running water nagged me into consciousness, tempting me awake with the question of who could possibly be running a bath at three o’clock in the morning. I knew everyone else that lived in the house would be fast asleep by now. I breathed deeply, willing myself back to sleep. Sleep didn’t come. Finally I could stand it no longer. 

I padded barefoot down the hall. The door to the bathroom was open slightly and a strange orangish yellow glow flashed through the open crack. I pushed lightly on the door with the flat of my hand and poked my head around the corner to see what the strange light was.

The bathroom lights were out but inside the bathroom was lit up by a myriad of candles, their golden light reflecting off of the shiny surfaces of the bathroom fixtures, their numbers multiplied by their reflection in the large bathroom mirror over the sink. The room was filled with wisps of steam that puffed from behind the closed shower curtain and danced in the flickering candlelight. The air in the bathroom was warm and damp, heavy with the slight perfume of jasmine or something similar. The atmosphere was almost tropical. But none of that explained who was taking a bath at this time of morning.

“Is somebody here?” I asked quietly. I heard a laugh escape from behind the curtain; a woman’s laugh that tapered off into a giggle as if the outburst had been unintentional. I frowned. The voice sounded, somehow, faintly familiar. But I could not place it as being anyone I knew. 

“Who’s there?” I asked and my questioned was answered with another laugh. This one was less like a giggle, softer and more seductive. The steam in the room seemed to be seeping into my brain, confusing me. Okay, I thought to myself, two can play this game. I reached out and pulled the curtain back. My eyes widened in surprise.

It was you. You were there. Naked and stretched out in the bathtub surrounded by hundreds of bubbles whose opalescent surfaces glittered in the golden yellow light. Your red hair was piled loosely on top of your head. You smiled up at me invitingly. 

Surprise and delight could not begin to describe my feelings at that moment. Although surprise was an accurate word intoxicated may have been a better description of how I was feeling. I shook my head slightly, trying to mentally clear out the confusion; to separate the fog in my mind from the swirling puffs of steam that permeated the bathroom air. I though for an instant that this must be a dream, but then I realized it was much too real.

“Whatcha doing here?” I asked coyly.

“Well…” you said simply, “You wanted me here didn’t you?” 

I wanted her here; now that was an understatement! I had thought of nothing but for weeks now. Every email exchanged, every phone call made had only made me realize just how much I wanted her here. But I was still confused.

“Well of course I did,” I said casually, “but how did you get here so fast?” It was only the first question on my list, right up there with, am I dreaming. 

“I have my ways,” you purred as your smile turned from playful to coy. You looked up at me with wide eyes. Moisture from the steaming bath glistened off of your skin making it shimmer silkily in the candlelight.

“Since I came all this way, are we just going to talk, or are we going to share this bath?” you asked.

I reached down, almost shyly, and removed my boxers. It wasn’t that I was shy exactly. It was more like I was incredibly confused. I wasn’t sure this was real but I wasn’t going to let that stop me.

You leaned forward as I slid into the tub behind you, enjoying the feel of the hot water rising up and enveloping my legs and torso. The tub was an extra deep one and the water came up to mid rib cage by the time my bottom hit the smooth porcelain surface of the tub. I slid my legs on either side of you, incredulous that the heat radiating from you body was even hotter than that of the water.

You turned your head briefly and smiled, thrusting a soapy sponge out over your shoulder.

“Could you please wash my back for me? I can’t quite reach.”

I reached out and took the nylon netted sponge from your soapy hand. The soap foamed through my fingers as I pressed it against the top of your back and began to slide it slowly around on your back.

You seemed like you were enjoying the feel of the sponge massaging your skin, my legs wrapped around you, pressed close against the outside of your thighs. I dipped the sponge into the water, raised it without wringing it out and let the hot water from the sponge course sensually down your back. You sighed as your head fell forward, invitingly. I pressed my lips hotly to the back of your neck and kissed the damp skin there. You raised your arms so that they lay along the side of the tub and shifted backwards a little, relaxing against me as I kissed your neck. While your arms were raised I dropped the sponge into the water and slowly moved my hands around your sides, caressing your skin as I went and slid them around to your tummy and up over your rib cage as I continued to kiss your neck; sucking gently on your earlobe and tickling you with the tip of my hot tongue. You shivered as my hands crept slowly up out of the water to touch your breasts.

As my fingers found your nipples and squeezed, a moan escaped, soft and low in your throat. I massaged them, one in each hand until they puckered and grew pebble hard.

You squirmed, enjoying the feel of my hands on your breasts, playing with your nipples. You moved your head slightly around so that I could kiss you. Your lips were warm and soft on mine. The feel of your tongue as it touched mine created an immediate current from my tongue down through my body. This was definitely real.

With one hand I continued to massage your breast, while my right hand dropped down into your lap. I ran my fingers softly, gently over the top of your thigh, causing the water to ripple lightly around us. Its surface gently lapped against our skin. I started to massage your thigh, pressing a little harder, squeezing and kneading the soft flesh as far as I could reach. With excruciating slowness my fingers found their way to your inner thighs. I could feel the heat radiating out through the water in waves as you parted your legs slightly. The slipperiness of your juices mixed with the less dense feel of the bathwater. 

My fingers caressed the outside of your lips, enjoying the smoothness there. You had obviously shaved recently and the skin was soft and smooth under my stroking fingers. I slipped one finger into the wetness between your lips and slid it slowly up and down your slit, enjoying the smooth slippery feel of the heated skin between your thighs almost as much as you seemed to be enjoying the feel of my finger caressing your most intimate parts.

I found your clit with my thumb and pressed gently but firmly against it, massaging it in a circular motion. I slid a finger deep inside of you. My finger invaded the deepest recesses of you while my tongue continued to invade your mouth. You moaned loudly into my mouth.

You squirmed and I could sense your need to be closer, as you started to turn towards me in the tub. My lips never left yours and my hands never stopped their ministrations on either end of your body. You passion strengthened fingers dug hard into my shoulders as you came face to face with me and kissed me harder. Neither of us had said a word to each other since I had slid into the tub behind you. What was there to say? The only sound in the room was the sound of our breathing, heavy in the mist of the bathroom. The sound of the water lapping against the side of tub was merely a background noise, overridden by the sound of soft moaning.

Remembering what you said about liking to have your hair pulled on, I used the hand that was massaging your breast to reach up and tangle in your hair. I ran my hands through your long hair, giving soft tugs as I did so. I tugged gently on your hair with one hand as the fingers of my other hand probed deeper inside of you.

My member was at full mast now, and I could feel it insistently rubbing against your skin as we continued to make out and fondle each other. You began to move your hips slightly back and forth; instinctively rather than purposely, but enough to drive me crazy as my hard cock rubbed back and forth across your silken thighs. I wanted to put an end to this torture and at the same time, I wanted it to go on.

I reached both hands around and grasped your ass cheeks firmly, one in each hand, lifting you into a sitting position on top of me, so that my legs were now between yours instead. The engorged head of my cock brushing against the flaming hot wetness between your thighs was almost enough of a shock to make me explode then and there. Taking a deep breath, I managed to hold my passion in check and slowly…ever so slowly…I impaled you on my fully erect cock; sliding so slowly into you that it was about to drive us both insane. You bit my lip, trying not to scream as my engorged manhood entered you, filling you up with its length until I was fully inside of you and we were fully meshed together. Both of us were breathing heavy, the force of our breath pushing about the steam that swirled around us. We sat still like that, just enjoying being that close. Our eyes locked for a second, each set reflecting the passion that burned from behind the gaze of the other. Your breath caught in your throat and I pulled your head forward so we could kiss and lick each other again with our hungry mouths. The temperature in the room seemed to rise.

I could feel your internal muscles grasping my rigid member again and again, pulsing around me, enjoying the feel of me deep inside of you. I slowly started pumping into you, sliding all the way in before pulling almost all the way out as you raised your hips slightly. Then I slid all the way back into you again. We went on for a while like that, moving just enough so we could feel the movement; but not too fast; sliding in and out of each other in a delicious torture. You leaned over to whisper in my ear. They were the first words spoken since I had joined you in the tub.

“You feel so good inside of me…filling me up…so goood,” you half whispered, half panted in my ear. The feel of your hot breath against my damp skin combined with the intensity of your words sent shivers up and down my spine. “I want to make you cum so badly. I want to feel you cum inside of me,” you begged.

I reached for you, one hand on either side of your face and pulled you down for a kiss. The kiss was deep and ferocious as I swirled my tongue around inside of your mouth. 

Our faces separated but we remained locked together down below. I looked up into your passion dazed eyes.

“I want to,” I finally replied. “I want to so badly. But not until you are ready, “ I said, fighting for control. “I want you to tell me when you are ready.” I looked to you for acknowledgement but you seemed to be losing focus. I still held your face firmly between my hands and I pulled your head forward so we were face to face, trying to get you to focus on what I was saying.

“Do you understand?” I asked my voice coming out raspy as I fought for control of the situation. Finally you nodded. Our eyes met for an instant before yours closed and your head slid back. I watched as you rode me like that, with your head thrown back, your breast thrust firmly out in front of me, and your skin flushed damp from both the bathwater and our exertions. You looked so sexy. You were biting your bottom lip, trying to stifle the moans and screams that begged desperately for escape from between your kiss-swollen lips. But I wanted you to lose control, to let yourself go, so I grabbed you firmly by the hips and began slamming into you…harder. The force of my thrusts caused half of the water to slosh out over the rim of the tub. You had a hold of the side of the tub with one hand and the washcloth rack with the other. You held tightly causing your knuckles to go white as you met me thrust for thrust. I could feel your whole body trembling and my knees were getting weak. I could barely restrain myself from screaming at the top of my lungs. 

I looked down between our bodies as we continued to move together and apart and I could see my hard stiff length sliding into your steaming wetness. I could feel your swollen clit grind against me as you came all the way down my shaft. I sat up quickly so I could suck your hard nipples while we pounded away at each other and you leaned down to kiss and lick my ear with your hot tongue. Then you spoke softly again.

“I’m almost there,” your voice was hardly more than a whisper as you asked, “how about you? Are you almost there, baby?”

“Yes,” I said as I slammed back into you. I could feel the thunderous tide of our mutual oncoming orgasms. Blood was pounding in my ears and the veins in my neck were pulsing. You were moaning constantly now, your head swaying to and fro. It looked like you were barely maintaining your loose grip on consciousness.

Suddenly I felt your insides grip mine like a vise. It felt like you were trying to crush my member inside of you. That was all I could take.

I let loose the tides of my impending orgasm and flooded your insides with my juices. You moaned happily as I filled you up while you continued to grind down on me. I grasped your ass cheeks roughly and pulled you down onto my member as I pumped the rest of my load into your deepest crevasse. You continued to moan and writhe in pleasure as I leaned forward to run my tongue from your breast up to your neck. I slid my tongue back into your mouth and kissed you deeply. You kissed me back once more, dreamily and then laid your head on my chest while we both caught our breath.

It was hard not to drift off after that; laying in the now lukewarm bathwater the warmth of your body laying pressed up against me, relaxed. Your wet hair was plastered to my chest and the light scent of jasmine and lavender drifted up from your skin. The remaining candles continued to flicker, eventually guttering into darkness as I slipped.

I awoke suddenly and rolled over with a groan. I stretched out in my bed on my stomach and buried my face in my pillow. Last night’s bathroom scene was etched vividly in my mind. Bleary eyed but unable to stop thinking about last night’s adventure, I got up, pulled on some shorts and poured myself a cup of coffee. I turned on the computer and sat down. The computer booted up as I sipped the hot coffee and lit a cigarette. I smiled. Your name was boldly lit up beside the smiling little happy face. 

‘Good morning,’ I typed.

‘Good morning,’ you typed back. ‘I’m happy to see here. Did you sleep well last night?’ You asked. I couldn’t help but smile to myself.

‘Me too,’ I answered, ‘I’m happy to see you too.’ I was unsure of how to answer that last question. And then…as often happens when we talked to each other we typed at the same time and the same line came up; Identical except for the sender’s name. 

‘I had the greatest dream last night.’