 Authors note: This story speaks for it's self, but I just wanted to say thanks for all the wonderful comments and scores you all have given my stories. I hope you enjoy all the ones in the future, and please, continue to comment and vote. After all, what is an author without a willing audience...?


Taking a long drink of his beer, Morgan Walker looked around the room and sighed. She was long gone, that was a blow to his ego. He had thought they were getting along fairly well, just talking and enjoying each other's company. She was Linda's kid sister, but she was legal in the eyes of the law. Even Linda and Jake had told him they looked good together, him so dark and all, while she was pale. Her dishwater blond hair and those storm cloud gray eyes the almost opposite of his night black hair and eyes. He had liked the way her eyes reflected what she was thinking and feeling as they talked. And she had liked his Louisiana accent.

So where the hell had she disappeared to? He had thought he made it pretty clear that unlike some of the guys around them, he liked the look and feel of her tall, full figured body pressed next to his as they had danced to some old slow tune. He was a big guy himself, over six feet five and muscular built. He was still a few years from the big gut like his daddy and some of his friends had. Just had to watch what he ate and drank.

It was funny in a way; this was the third time they had run into each other in the last month. He had considered that a good luck sign. But now she had made like the wind and he wanted to find her. He finished his beer and started making his way past the house full of people who knew what Friday night meant around Linda and Jake's house. Half way he was intercepted by a drunken brunette who wrapped her long skinny arms around his neck and begged him to dance with her. Unhooking her arms, he gave her a smile and shook his head. He needed to find her. She hadn't just disappeared into thin air.

As many times as he had been in this house in the last year, he knew the upstairs pretty well. A closet, the bathroom, and the kid's room on the right, a spare bedroom and Lin and Jakes on the left. The kids were at grandmas for the weekend and their room was off limits for everyone but family. He stopped to use the bathroom, and came out after emptying his bladder and splashing cold water on his face.

She looked up as he opened the door to the spare room. Her amusement was evident and he guessed she had been waiting for him. "Not bad, only took you a half hour to come looking."

Morgan sat on the bed next to her. "Did you expect me to?"

"I was hoping. You looked pretty tired down stairs." She lit a cigarette and, and pushed his hair out of his face. So what's happening down stairs, anything good going on?"

"Not since you left. Why you do that to me thought we were getting along."

"We were, but I wanted to see how serious you were. I don't just drop my pants for every guy I talk to."

That made Morgan grin. "Hmm, would you drop my pants for me sugar?"

Her eyes filled with a mischievous smile. "Would you for me?"

Morgan didn't hesitate. He unbuckled his belt and opened his jeans even before he knew he was doing it. "Honey, I would do anything for you. Even run down the street butt ass naked at high noon."

Her tongue darted out to wet her lips. "I was thinking more in the privacy of this room, but that might be fun to watch."

Stripping off his shirt, he threw it on the floor and sat up to take off his boots and socks. When all he wore was his jeans, he quickly pushed them down to his knees and saw her eyes fasten on his erect cock. "Too much for you baby?"

"Oh no, just admiring it. I've only seen a couple but that has to be a prime piece of meat. Does it taste as good as it looks?" Again the teasing tone to her voice. He knew from the previous encounters that she was no virgin, but they hadn't gotten like this.

"Come find out." Reaching down, Morgan began to stroke it and she moved to within inches of him. Her tongue darted out and licked a drop of pre-cum before swirling her tongue around the swollen head. "Take it in baby, wrap those lush full lips of yours around him and give him what he wants."

"What does he want Morgan, tell me."

He swallowed hard. "He wants to be sucked; he wants to feel you suck him." His voice was no more then a whisper. "He wants to feel the softness of your mouth and find out how deep you can take him."

She moved closer and he watched as inch by inch disappeared into her mouth. Running his fingers in her hair, it took all his will power not to just slam it all down her throat. As it was, she missed by only a couple inches before she drew back and began to lick the head again. "Like that?"

"Oh honey, don't tease me."

She kissed the head and slipped the tip of her tongue over the slit at the top. "I'm not teasing; I just want to know what I get out of this."

For her to put her lips back on him, he would have said anything. "What do you want?"

For an answer, she moved away and sat up. Her shirt came open below her fingers and a lacy white bra came into view. It held breasts the size of small melons and he could see the nipples pressing against it. Her jeans were next, he licked his own lips as her white lace panties came into view. There was no doubt they were wet, and he watched her run one finger over the crotch. After that she got on her knees and came back to where he stood. With a smile, she offered him the finger, and he bent to suck it into his mouth. It was sweet, and he ran his tongue over it the way she had his cock.

"I want you to fuck me." Her voice was as sweet as her taste.

Morgan smiled. "Take off the bra and panties or I might just forget I'm a gentleman and rip them off you."

When they were free, he reached out and took her breasts in his hands. Even as he began to squeeze and fondle them, she put her hands over his and her nipples pressed against his palms. "Do it hard Morgan, your hands are rough and they feel good."

"You like it rough baby? Like to feel a man take over and give it to you the way it should be." As she licked her lips, he watched her suck on her finger then dip it between her legs. When it reappeared he saw it was coated with a syrup textured cream. "Put it in my mouth baby, let me suck it clean." She did as he asked and he sucked greedily on her juice. When he released it, he groaned. "More baby, feed me that luscious honey."

This time she came back with all four of her fingers coated and he felt like a hungry baby being hand fed by his mother. "More?"

"Oh yeah, give me all you got baby, because when you run out, I'll lick your pussy until you give me more." God, she was so hot, and her taste was driving him crazy. "Do you like being spanked? Seems like a naughty little girl like you would like to be punished for being so hot and naughty."

"Try me..." She spoke even as she gave him her fingers again to suck on.

Reaching down, he positioned her so she was on his bare leg and tight against her. One by one, he swatted her bare ass cheek and as he did, he felt her begin to drip against her leg. Reaching down with his other hand, he began to lift her up and down so her pussy rubbed on his leg. For a big girl, she was no strain for him to lift. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he switched hands.

"Hmm, yes Morgan, spank your bad girl, spank your naughty girl." She was rubbing her pussy harder against his leg and bouncing up and down in his hand. He could feel her hard clit rubbing and the inside of her lips feeling like silk. The harder he slapped her ass the harder she rubbed.

"Come on you hot cunt, give me what you know I want." Her hip was hitting against his cock and it was getting close. "That's it my naughty girl, give daddy what he wants. Rub that leg like a bitch in heat."

"Morgan, oh god daddy, yes, punish your bad girl, make me cum like a bitch."

He was gripping both her ass cheeks now, and he could feel her heat as he lowered his head to claim her mouth. Even as he felt her first bit of cum on his leg, he lifted her high and brought her down hard on his cock. As always, he began to cum even as he reached her tight depths. Her pussy was the tightest of any he had ever known and he never grew tired of it. "I'm cumming baby, filling your hot pussy with all my cum, oh you sweet hot bitch, take my load and feel it burn."

"Yes Morgan, oh god, I can feel it, it's mixing with mine." As always her pussy was holding on tight to him as she came in strong waves. "More baby, more Morgan fuck me harder as you cum."

"Angel, I will fuck you till I have nothing left. Only you know what I need and how to give it to me." He groaned as he shot his final load but his cock refused to deflate. "Oh fuck baby, a double load tonight, can you handle it Angel?"

"I can handle what ever you give me Morgan. Don't I always leave my man satisfied at the end of the night?"

He laughed as he maneuvered so she was straddling his hips and riding him hard. "Yes you do baby, my Angel, fuck your man, make all that hot cum I got in my balls explode into you." Reaching between her legs, he found her clit and worked at it with his fingers. "Come on bitch, flood me, you know that always make me blow. Give me that hot lava you're got oozing out of your pussy."

"Oh fuck, you want it Morgan, Angel is about to give it to you..." She began riding him harder and suddenly it was if she had exploded for real, her body was acting as if she had lost all control. "OH fuck yes, yes Morgan, I'm cumming honey, your doing it to me again..."

Morgan smiled as he felt his own cum shoot a second time into her. He loved it when he was able to give her two loads like that. The feel of it oozing down over his cock and balls, feeling it drip on his legs. The best part would be when she used her mouth to lick it all up. They would have to think up something better for next week, something that outdid this week. Not that it would be easy, this one had been an A+. Still they had all week, and they could use the evenings after the kids were in bed to try different stuff.

As his final spurt left him, he saw how tired she looked. The sessions always took it out of both of them. Bringing her down onto his chest, he stroked her face. "Have I told you lately that I love you?"

She gave him a weak smile. "Only ten times a day for the last ten years. And I love it every time you say it."