 Mmmm, waking up in bed next to you. Deep breath, stretch out my legs. I feel the radiant heat of your skin next to me, the best part of every morning. On this particular morning, I wake up on my side facing you. Before I open my eyes, I reach my hand over under the covers, and it lands on a nipple, a wonderful place to start what I have planned. I slowly caress there, circling and pinching it lightly, then stroke up and down your chest and belly, just my fingertips, until finally I go down your thigh as far as I can reach and then slowly up to your balls. I love to touch and taste your balls. The skin is so soft, so tender. There's a little ridge there on you, and I trace it with one fingertip, all the way down to where your legs are closed so I can't softly continue. Then back up, down and back, lovingly, carefully stroking. It's like being in a trance, touching you like this, so sensual to me. I feel heat under the covers even more. You haven't stirred, but I know you're awake. My eyes are still closed, all my awareness focused on my fingertips and the feel of your balls. I feel the roundness and the fullness under my touch, soft grooved skin whorled like a fingerprint. Finally I rest my whole hand over them and leave it there. After the briefest pause, your hand comes up and you lay it directly over mine, covering it completely. You slowly start moving our hands, stroking your own balls and using my hand to do it. When we finally turn our heads, the first thing we see is the erotic caress happening in each other's eyes.

You shift our hands up to your cock, pressing my hand down on it so I feel it grow hard. Your eyes wander over my face, studying me, and stop on my lips. You reach up with your hand and touch my lips with a single finger and trace them softly. Your hand smells faintly of the musk of your balls. Your touch on my mouth makes my pussy suddenly pulse, mmmmm, gush of juice. You watch as my tongue comes out to touch your finger. You circle my lips once more, then slide your finger slowly into my mouth while looking in my eyes. My god, that moment. My hand grasps your cock now, and it's so hard. Time to do what I love to do so much.

I suck the finger in my mouth and my hand begins to stroke. Then I lift up and over, pushing the covers aside to see your erect cock and separate your legs, bending your knees up, taking my place between them. You scoot yourself up in the bed so you can watch me and I lean forward to kiss you, loving and deep. Your hands cup my breasts and you lift them to your lips, then release me to move back down. My thighs are slippery and I dip my fingers into my pussy to rub the wetness onto the head of your cock, then I kiss it, pressing my lips just not quite over it. Your hands know what to do to help me now and you gather up my hair and hold it out of the way as I lower my head and take your cock into my mouth, moaning as my mouth is filled. I drool on you and suck each time my head comes up, slowly along every inch, then I stroke with my mouth quickly 3,4,5 times on the head, and suck just the head as my hands roll your cock between them side to side and stroke it up and down. I want to devour you and I take my time about it...pleasure slowly building, pressure teased and growing. I never stop. Kissing, licking, sucking, tonguing, stroking, nipping and licking your inner thighs as well. See your cock disappear into my mouth? I know you love my eyes, so I look up at your as I wrap my lips around you. I adore doing this and I let you see it. 

I've brought you close and backed off a few times now. I hear your breathing over the sounds of my mouth sucking you, soft moans, a grunt, a whimper, soft muttered words as you breathe out the voice of your body. Your legs straighten, splayed out on either side of me. And I don't stop.

I lick your balls and take them into my mouth, lowering your cock onto your belly where I continue to stroke it and roll it with my hands, while my tongue curls around them and I suck them and hold them. Ah-ha, what is this? Precum on my fingers! I love that. Your cock is readying itself; you're getting close, aren't you, Beloved Man. I release your balls and cup them to the base of your cock, then look up and take your eyes, watching you as I slowly and deliberately wrap my lips tightly on the head of your cock and take you deep into my throat, all the way to the base. My eyes close on their own with the sensation and greed I feel. Each time I rise I look into your eyes, stopping to let you watch as I flick my tongue all over the frenulum and swollen pink tip. 

Your face suddenly changes and your mouth contorts. Your hands tighten, no longer simply holding my long hair out of the way but gripping my head with handfuls of my hair in both hands right at the scalp. You take control, pushing my head down hard, your cock filling my throat. Holding my head right where you want it, you begin thrusting your hips faster and faster, fucking my mouth and throat, saliva everywhere, messy and moaning and wet.

Then I feel it, the unmistakable spurt of cum into my mouth as your body is finally released. I taste you and feeling the slick cream on my tongue, holding it in my mouth as I milk the last drops. I want all of it. Then looking up, I see your beautiful sexy smile and flushed cheeks, open my mouth and show you the cum pooled on my tongue. I have to tilt my head back to hold it, but still some drips from my lips. I know you love this, you want to see it in my mouth and watch me swallow it. I smile wickedly and very deliberately close my lips, look at you, and swallow. Your cum tastes so incredibly good, baby. 

You pull me up into your arms and we kiss with the taste of cum on my lips, deep happy kisses that start reverently and end playfully.

"Good morning, baby. Let's get up."