 Part 1

Gabriella got up, at her usual time, to go to school. After hitting the snooze button three different times she rolled out of bed knowing a shower was out of the question. She scooped a pair of slightly wrinkled shorts out of a laundry basket next to her dresser and carried them to the dryer where she found a wearable shirt. While eating toast and drinking orange juice, she let her shirt spin in the dryer with the rest of the clothes that had been sitting in there for at least three days. Gabriella had sweated in her sleep the night before and could smell herself while she ate.

She didn't smell too bad, but the odor, although faint, was noticeable, just as noticeable as the slightly slimy feeling in her vagina, which she couldn't help but take advantage of by crossing her legs and swinging one leg back and forth, causing her vaginal lips to slide against each other. Meanwhile...Antonio was awakened by Gabriella in the kitchen, clanging dishes and silverware together. After unsuccessfully trying to go back to sleep Antonio rolled out of bed to take a piss.

Finding it difficult to urinate with a morning erection, Antonio took advantage of the sensitivity of his penis, which was intensified by his need to pee. He hid just out of Gabriella's sight at the edge of the dining room. She sat, wearing only a thin pair of white cotton panties, finishing her orange juice and reading an article in Cosmo about a method of female masturbation. Antonio saw her leg swinging back and forth and imagined her pussy lips sliding against each other. He noticed her supple, full, creamy breasts and began tugging and rubbing the enlarged head of his penis.

As the dryer ran and Gabriella continued to read her Cosmo article she became extremely moist and she felt her heart quicken as she quickened the pace of her leg swinging. Antonio noticed a flush of red on Gabriella's cheeks and upper chest and began to wonder if she was becoming aroused for some reason. This suspicion only amplified his yearning to sink his fingers into her delicate flesh and systematically cover every part of her ample figure with his mouth. He continued to manipulate his member as Gabriella continued to fantasize about utilizing the methods she was reading about in her magazine.

She became unaware of her need to leave for school and fell into a trance, only aware of her images of masturbating later that night and the warm tingling between her thighs. Suddenly Gabriella was snapped out of her trance by the thought that Antonio would be laying asleep with his cock, stiff and reddened by it's inevitable erect state. She immediately left her chair and began to make her way toward the bedroom and that thick, veiny, wanting prick. Antonio's heart pumped ten times faster as he realized Gabriella was getting up and walking right upon his secret session. For a split second, it ran through his mind to just act as though he was walking into the kitchen, half asleep to get a drink of water, but he just froze with his dick in his hand and his heart in his throat. Gabriella turned the corner into the living room and was startled by Antonio standing there, his magnificent prick, barely covered by his hand. Some how they both knew what was going on. They both knew that each of them wanted one thing, and that one thing was...

Part 2

Some how they both knew what was going on. They both knew that each of them wanted one thing, and that one thing was non-stop, uncensored, uninhibited, unbelievable, XXX rated, practically illegal, hard-core fucking. Once their eyes met they scanned each other's eager bodies quickly and frantically looking for the best, most sensitive region to invade. Gabriella made the first move by dropping to her knees and taking Antonio's, swollen, aching cock into her mouth. She clutched his trembling ass cheeks and slid his prick passed her lips, teeth, and tongue, to the back of her throat.

Antonio moaned from deep within and felt his testicles tighten as his hips eased forward to welcome Gabriella's warm, inviting mouth. Gabriella remembered only being able to take half or at the most 3/4 of Antonio inside of her without gagging. But this time her throat seemed relaxed and her primitive urges surpassed her normal reflexes and she welcomed his enlarged crown partially down her throat. She continued her grip on Antonio's ass as she held his penis deep in her throat and sucked him. Antonio was already on the verge of climax and struggled to pull away from Gabriella's grasp.

When he finally broke free he grabbed her by her wrists and pinned her to the floor. He sunk his teeth deep into her soft neck then sucked her ear lobe into his mouth. Gabriella arched her back, pushing her soaked mound against his pelvis. As Antonio worked his teeth, lips, and tongue along Gabriella's shoulders, collar bone, and finally her breasts, she struggled to free her wrists, enjoying the frustration of being bound to the carpet. Antonio licked and suckled the soft tissue surrounding Gabriella's nipples, periodically brushing them with his lips and the tip of his tongue. Gabriella lay in erotic agony yearning for Antonio to engulf her nipples with his mouth. She longed to feel his tongue and teeth on her eager, erect points.

As Antonio kissed and sucked Gabriella all over her upper body, her wrists still gripped tightly, all she could think of was her tight nipples and how urgently she needed them to be trespassed. Finally, Gabriella freed one hand, raised her torso from the floor, clutched Antonio by the hair and forced her left nipple into his mouth. Just as Gabriella performed this maneuver Antonio took the opportunity to use his free hand to thrust his index and middle fingers, unexpectedly into Gabriella's hot, wet hole. The anticipated ecstasy of having Antonio's mouth on her nipple and having his hot, thick fingers invade her simultaneously was almost too much for Gabriella to bare. She felt her back tighten and her toes curl as her asshole burned hot.

Still gripping Antonio's hair she pulled his face down, between her quivering thighs and lifted her ass away from the carpet, bringing her swollen clit to meet his lips. Antonio immediately released her other wrist and squeezed Gabriella's fleshy, round ass in his hands as he sunk his tongue deep into her slippery cunt. He always loved the way she smelled, especially down there. But this morning, she hadn't bathed and her smell was even more pleasant than usual. Antonio took in Gabriella's carnal odor as he sucked and licked her without mercy. Gabriella uncontrollably screamed and gasped for breath as she concentrated on the sensations Antonio was generating for her.

Antonio licked and fingered her inviting slit as he rubbed his bloated member against the coarse carpet. Finally Gabriella could not take anymore teasing; she wanted hot dick in her hot cunt. She began to pull Antonio up on her body but he resisted only licking and prodding with his tongue with even more engrossment. Gabriella's obvious desire to have him inside her magnified Antonio's enthusiasm. He maintained his position and placed his hands behind Her knees forcing her thighs up against her full breasts. He then plunged his tongue even deeper than before.

He bit and sucked the backs of her legs and made his way back to her pussy, often alternating between her clit and her asshole. After at least thirty minutes of pussy and ass eating Antonio finally appeared to give in. He sat up on his knees and positioned Gabriella to be entered. But he did not enter. Much to Gabriella's agony Antonio held the head of his cock against her clit, occasionally flicking the head inside her moist, hot opening. Antonio pinched her nipples, sucked her neck and clutched her ass as his thickness teased and taunted her throbbing lips. Gabriella pleaded, begging to be fucked as Antonio denied her pleasure and took pleasure in her torture.

Part 3

Gabriella pleaded, begging to be fucked as Antonio denied her pleasure and took pleasure in her torture. Gabriella's futile attempts to thrust her pussy around Antonio's thickness only made him enjoy the game even more. He continued to massage Gabriella's enlarged clitoris with his bloated crown as Gabriella practically came to tears yearning to be entered. Finally as Gabriella did begin to cry and to claw Antonio's back, demanding he penetrate her, he impaled her forcefully and felt his balls slap against her ass. Gabriella let out a wail and arched her back to welcome the fucking.

But Antonio did not fuck her. He immediately took his cock out and much to Gabriella's frustration he began kissing his way back down to her throbbing mound. He licked and bit the insides of her thighs periodically flicking her clit with his tongue. Gabriella began to cry again demanding that Antonio fuck her or she was going to leave.

"Do you want to get fucked, you little slut...huh...do you?" "Do you want my cock in your dirty little cunt, you fucking whore?" "Tell me you want my cock, that you want me to fill your pussy with my cum!"

"Fuck me you asshole...I need your cock in me right now...I swear to god I'm gonna fuckin leave if you don't prick me right fuckin now!" Antonio took his mouth from Gabriella's soaking twat, pulled himself up to his knees and thrust his manhood deep inside her anxious hole. Gabriella's back ached with carpet burn but her pussy burned with ecstasy as Antonio pumped and prodded her, in and out. "Yeah baby, oooh, your cock feels so good...God...yeah Toni, fuck me papi...get dirty with me baby...oooh...you're so good!" Antonio wiggled his hands under Gabriella's ass forcing her knees to her ears.

He squeezed and kneaded her ass cheeks as he slowly, deeply, plunged his aching pole into her again and again. Antonio felt blood trickling down the crack of his ass from the sex-induced clawing Gabriella had administered. The blood tickled his asshole and ran down his balls as he continued to plunge in and out. Gabriella's moaning amplified Antonio's excitement and he quickened his pace, anticipating an intense orgasm very soon. Gabriella matched his rhythm and lifted her ass off the carpet to meet each of Antonio's powerful lunges. Each of them was entranced by the continuous, erotic motion of their performance. Antonio knew Gabriella was on the verge.

He quit holding back and fucked her with all he could afford. He fucked Gabriella so deep he felt his balls virtually follow his cock right inside her ragged pussy. All Gabriella could sense was the intense friction of Antonio's activities. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as a flood of tingling indulgence pulsed through her. She felt it in her pussy of course, but she also felt it in her back and in her toes. As Gabriella made fists with her toes and pushed her pelvis in the air, her inner thighs trembled uncontrollably. Antonio knew she was cumming and wanted, so badly, to fill her with his seed.

He held his cock deep inside Gabriella, his ass cheeks tightened by his effort and his pelvis trembling. His sack tightened as he neared climax. Antonio's balls caught fire and his legs developed cramps as a result of his hot load nearing the boiling point. He attempted a few more thrusts but they were poor attempts because of the unbelievable sensitivity of his penis. His face reddened and contorted as he emptied his loins and filled Gabriella more with each orgasmic spasm. After about two minutes of moaning and writhing Antonio collapsed onto Gabriella's breasts and lay still. Neither of them was able to move.