 You're lying in bed and I'm just waking up. I roll over in bed and my ass is pressed tight up against your dick. I moan softly thinking about how deep and fast you were in my ass last night. I feel your dick start to get hard against my ass. I slip under the covers and start sucking on your balls softly, rolling the one over my tongue before slipping both in my mouth and sucking softly, rolling them both over my tongue, gently running my finger under your sac and massaging the skin there. I hear you moan and know you're awake. I then feel your hands grab onto my hair and gently pull. I give your balls one last suck before I slip them out of my mouth and play with them as I start sucking on your dick, slowly sliding you deeper in my mouth and throat. Pulling back I suck hard on your dick and spit on the head sliding my lips down your dick to the base. 

You moan sleepily and start playing with my nipples making me moan around your dick and reach down to play with my clit. You grab my hands and tie them up in the belt to my robe. I giggle as you slide me up your body and slip down my body to my pussy. I gasp when I feel your cool breath across my wet pussy. You smile against my thigh as you kiss from my ankle up to my inner thigh. I groan softly when you don't touch my pussy as you kiss from my ankle up to my inner left thigh. I moan softly when you barely kiss my pussy lips. I try to move your mouth down to my clit and pussy but you hold my hips down. I groan as you start massaging my pussy lips avoiding my clit and pussy. I moan as you start massaging my hips and up my sides, I watch you play with my dark red nipples. 

I feel your dick brush my thigh leaving a trail of precum behind. I moan thinking about you shoving it into my pussy hard as you kiss me softly. You don't do that. Instead you move back down my body and start slowly sucking on my pussy lips, sucking all my pussy juices up. I moan when i feel your tongue dart down around my little asshole. I turn my head to the side as you lick back up to my pussy, briefly dipping your tongue into my pussy on your way to my clit. I groan softly as you softly bite it before sucking it. I arch my back up and you slip my legs up onto your shoulders. My pussy pulsing and tightening up at the same time as I get more and more wet. I feel you flip me onto my hands and knees. You move my hands behind my back and tie them tighter as you force my face into the pillow. You tease me more by rubbing your cockhead around my asshole. I moan softly and push back a little bit. 

I gasp as I feel your dick pop into my ass. You grab my ass cheeks and split them wide open as you thrust in and out of my ass, not going past the head. I groan when you take your dick out of my ass. You reach lower with your thumbs and spread my pussy lips wide open. You can see my little pussy glistening wet. My little ass begging for more dick. You line your dick up with my pussy and bottom out in the first thrust. I scream and feel my pussy tighten up while getting even wetter. I bite down on my lip and you start destroying my pussy. I moan and whimper as you bottom out in my pussy over and over again. You reach up and grab my hair as you thrust into me harder and harder. 

You leave soft kisses down my spine and neck as you go faster. I black out as my pussy clenches tight around your dick making you stop as I orgasm. You grab my hips, pushing in deeper, and start cumming deep in my pussy. I start squirting around your dick, drenching your balls and our thighs. I moan softly as you gently untie me and massage all the tight muscles in my back as I come down from my orgasm. You gently leave kisses on my spine as we lay down with your dick still in me and slowly fall back asleep.