 Jenn stirred from a deep slumber, awakened not by sound, it was a quiet Sunday morning, their bedroom's available light subdued by thick closed drapes. Her heavy eyelids fluttered open, momentarily remembering the dream of being on a raft surrounded by water. The urgent need to pee painfully prompted the naked girl to get up. 

Curled up next to her man, she swung her legs around, stood on the deep carpeting and stretched like a cat. Just like a typical man, she thought looking at his sprawled torso taking up half the bed. Jenn drank in the sight of Don's long curly brown hair splayed against the pillowcase, toned, muscular arms and legs akimbo and mouth half open, zonked out carelessly. Only his feet were covered under their red satin sheets.

Jenn loved to privately stare at Don's nakedness while he was deep in sleep but the bathroom beckoned, she padded noiselessly into the adjacent room, casually sat and emptied her screaming bladder with great relief. Wiping herself, the ultra soft tissue made Jenn realize how sore her vulva was, recollecting how Don had roughly pounded into her and hadn't she asked for that attention?

She smiled at the tousled hair in the mirror and the dark hickey near her collarbone, silently giggling, did she ask for that also? Jenn swished a capful of Listerine and spat into the sink, wiping her lips with the dark blue hand towel. Her breasts felt heavy, cupping their fullness Jenn held them up for inspection, lightly touching her nipple's morning crinkle. The thought of going back to sleep was quickly erased; Jenn had something better in mind.

Reaching into the medicine cabinet, she retrieved the bottle of sensual massage oil, its tangerine flavour agreeably tasty and sinfully worked wonders on every area of skin and this morning would be Don's unsuspecting penis.

Full daybreak was an hour away as Jenn slowly walked to the edge of the king sized bed, her mind's camera flicking away at the peaceful naked man, exposed for her delight. His hairy, masculine chest, the whitened skin around his crotch, the freckles near his nose, knees, biceps...she'd save the images.

She squeezed a liberal amount, filling her palm with the sweet oil and gently eased onto the bed, carefully lying next to her lover who didn't move a muscle. Jenn's hand leisurely hovered atop Don's genitals, her fingers sprinkling the warmed oil along his tumescent penis. She waited for a reaction and deep asleep there wasn't one.

Jenn's index finger carefully reached down and spread oil over the cock's surface, painting Don's delicate mushroom shaped head which caused a miniscule stir. As her finger smoothed along the shrunken penis, Don sighed and she watched in wonderment as his balls rolled within the crinkled sack. 

Holding her breath Jenn patiently waited a few seconds then poured more of the liquid into her hand and continued to anoint his member. Three of Jenn's fingers now began to massage along the sides and his scrotum. Don's right knee imperceptibly twitched and he mumbled something quite incoherent, she smiled as her fingers easily wrapped around the girth, a perfect fit.

With the greatest of care, Jenn's oiled digits gripped his cock and used a slow, masturbating motion, moving the slick skin up and down. She felt it start to grow and she felt the power. The power to make him hard even when asleep. He was at her mercy and Jenn watched, blood coursing into his dick, inch by inch he grew, her fingers relentlessly controlling.

Don's head lolled to the side and she purposely let go. His glistened erection plopped back onto the thick mane of reddish pubic hair, pulsating at full attention and Jenn selfishly wondered what he could be dreaming.

It was a maze...a freaking labyrinth...this one story motel that seemed to stretch on and on. And how the hell did I get up here in New Hampshire? I just wanted to go to the beach and now I'm searching...where is she? She flirted with me, back by the pool, coal black eyes, teeny bikini, beautiful ass and she stuck her tongue out at me. Daring me...no wonder I'm roaming around these halls with a hardon looking for her room.

Grasping his hardon, Jenn was amazed at its thickness. Her feminine fingers could not fit around his pole. She drizzled more of the oil into her hand, the cock's real estate had enlarged and tightened to its full seven inches. She loved playing with him, secretly wishing she had a cock of her own, and a new appendage that she could play with for hours, eliciting such pleasure. Jenn's fingers found a rhythm, stroking the massive shaft, gliding and smearing the lubricant. Don's hips uncontrollably lurched upwards into the slickness and she purposely let go.

Christ...I'm buck naked. What if someone sees me? Do I really care? 234...236...238...I can't seem to remember the number on that red plastic key she flashed. Hold on. Wasn't she with a guy? They looked like they were married or...here it is. 238, yeah. Knock, knock. She's naked. Her kisses are wet and wanton. I can smell her pussy. We're on the bed and my cock is practically dripping. Her name is Sherry and she looks at me asking, "Aren't you afraid...that your wife will catch us? She's not in this dream Sherry...c'mon...open your legs...please?" 

Jenn cupped his balls, gently squeezing, knowing her Don likes that type of attention, her own heart beating quicker, her own arousal seeping. She spills two more droplets on the sensitive underside, adding to the already very shiny penis. Jenn's thumb and index finger encircle the base of Don's prick, gripping tightly, momentarily cutting off circulation, the prominent blue veins swell out. Lustfully she ogles his enormous cock, like a Greek god's made of marble. Jenn's wet tongue lewdly licks along the length, tasting his tangerine manhood. Asleep, he moans aloud and purposely she let go.

Can't remember being this horny. God I need to fuck, need release. Sherry's a great kisser, her tongue is sweet and she's whispering in my ear. "You make me so hot. Why can't you be single?" I'm stabbing my prick near her crotch. Why the hell can't I find her cunt? It's so near...so close...please?

She stared. Don's ass was moving, as if he were fucking someone or trying to. He was close, she knew that. The tip of his cock was dark red, almost magenta. Carefully now, Jenn positioned herself between his legs. Her left hand neatly fitting under slick ball sack, the fingers of her right hand swirling around Don's erection, hot to the touch.

"I'm not going to let go this time..."She whispered barely audible in the hushed room. The desire to crawl up and impale herself on this beautiful monster was almost overwhelming. Jenn face flushed as her oiled hand pistoned up and down the hard cock, Don's chest rose and fell, their combined laboured breathing, somehow synchronized. Her dainty wrist tireless, bringing him closer and closer.

Ahh. There it is. I'm finally inside you. Oh yes. Your cunt muscles are milking me...you're so wet! I'm fucking you, oh god you're so tight! Don't stop...I need to cum...I'm going to cum...

She loved all of him, unconditionally. Jenn felt the power of Don's orgasm begin to build, the tightness in his balls, his skin reddening and she controlled it. Hard as a rock, his towering erection swelled within her tight slick grasp, Jenn's syrupy pussy leaked onto her ankle stroking him expertly. 

Don gripped the nearby sheet and his eyes fluttered open as the first searing wave of pure pleasure wound through his stunned body and their eyes met, their souls touching.

"Jenn! Ohh...fuck-k-k..." Witnessing his delightful shock, Jenn calmly slowed her strokes, staring at Don's unabashed passion kindling. A thick rope of white, silky cum forcefully shot into mid air, landing onto his tightened stomach, his entire torso stiffened like his penis, sinews stretching, rolling in ecstasy. 

"Ohh....my god...argggggggh-h-h-h-h-h!" He bellowed, Jenn's unceasing oily fingers bringing forth every ounce of cum, sending him into a crescendo of exhilaration. She squeezed his balls, pushing him, wanting it all. He spurt deliriously again and again, cascading over Jenn's thin fingers, wedging himself against the mattress. Unable to speak, he groaned unashamed. It seemed the room was spinning and he gulped deep breaths as the content, sought after release bounced around his insides.

"Fuck. Oh fuck Jenn. What a..." 

"What a way...to start the day? Is that what you're trying to say? Did I send you...somewhere?" She smiled down at her spent man, milking the last remnant of sperm, sensing his lovely surrender. Jenn brought her fingers to her mouth, licking the froth of Don's manly essence.

"Mmm...you're sweet. Did anyone ever tell you that?" She winked, licking her lips and stretched out along his side. Jenn rubbed his chest, nestling under an outstretched arm.

"I love you...I always have..." She purred happily.

"Baby, oh baby. You're the best...you know that. And I love you so much...so much..." His eyes were already closed.

~To Be Continued~