 I wake up stiff, but in a good way. You're facing me, your eyes glinting in the rays from the sun rising. I can see the grin on your face and feel your hand lazily stroking me. I lean over and you let me kiss you, our tongues swirling briefly. My hand clasps one breast and you pull away. But your hand continues its steady rhythm on my rigid cock. I moan deeply in the half-light of dawn. Your other hand reaches over and pushes me on my back.

You push the blankets and sheets off of me and my skin prickles in the cool air. Your hand grips me again, squeezing gently, your flesh hot against me. I can see your dark nipples stiff against your caramel skin. Again I reach for you, and again you back away. The look in your eyes, so familiar after twenty years of marriage, tells me that this morning is for my pleasure. You curl up around my waist, your torso blocking my view of my erection. Still, you stroke me, varying your grip and rhythm from time to time to keep me fresh.

I feel the tender kiss of your lips against the head as you stop stroking and just grip the shaft tightly. It's almost too tight, but not quite. Again, you kiss it, wetting the opening at the top, the cool air making me even harder when you pull away. This time, your lips part and the head slides into your mouth. You hold it there, sucking gently. My hand reaches out and grips your ass, the ass you complain about except when I'm playing with it to give you pleasure. The ass that has fattened up nicely over the years, supporting the weight of the hips through which our three children passed. You complain about dimples and cellulite, but I just love to squeeze it, to look at it.

Your tongue caresses the head and you pull back, looking over your shoulder to watch me contemplating your ass. You roll over to face me and plop one hard nipple in my mouth. Your legs are apart and my fingers find your wet slit. You moan as I push my fingers between your labia, moistening them in your freshening well and massaging your erect nub. I suck harder and you gasp with pleasure. You pull away, rolling back away from me. When my hand reaches for your ass this time, you swat it lazily away.

Your mouth descends on my shaft with astonishing swiftness. You are proud of your skill at fellatio, skill developed to give me pleasure during the closing months of your pregnancies, when your lovely snatch was off-limits to me. You have me all the way in your mouth, the head bumping the back of your throat. In our discussions of sex, I always wonder how you can enjoy that, but you swear that you do. You remind me that it gives me pleasure, so it gives you pleasure. Your lips squeeze the base of my rod and you suck hard.

My brain empties of thought as you slide your mouth up and down on my slick cock. The only sensation is the pleasure. Your teeth softly grate the underside and my breath leaves me in a strong gasp of pure joy. I'm getting close now, not able to last as long as I could when we were younger and more vigorous. You taste it, the salty pre-cum that exudes from the head of my hard dick. Your motion changes and your hand grips the shaft again, harder, more demanding. Your grip rocks up and down and your lips massage just the head, the center of my pleasures.

I explode in your mouth, sending bursts of my sticky jism into your mouth, to coat your tongue, to be swallowed down your throat. You hold it in your mouth as my balls empty into your gullet. I begin to soften and you still hold me with your lips and your hand. You slide down my softening shaft and swallow. The soft pull of your throat gets a few more drops and a deep moan of pleasure from your husband. You release me and roll over, looking at me in the fuller light of morning.

A shiny rivulet of my semen has leaked from the corner of your mouth and I reach out to wipe it away. You catch my hand and lick it from my thumb. You are extraordinarily sexy I take you in, naked first thing in the morning and wonder idly where you tossed your nightgown when you decided to do this. You lean up and kiss me on the mouth, keeping your lips together as you always do after fellatio. I push my tongue between them as I sometimes do after fellatio. I want to taste your mouth and don't care about the accompanying taste of my own semen. I've licked your slick pussy after I've filled it before. I've always been willing to kiss you after you've sucked me, even the first time, on your parents' couch, when we were sixteen and had no idea what we were doing. You almost gagged that time when your mouth flooded with sperm; but no more. You know how to take it now. You tell me you enjoy it now.

My hand again slides between your legs and this time you don't pull away at all. You let me finger you while we kiss. Your orgasm is quick, but not loud. I feel your sweet pussy clench my fingers as you moan into my mouth and I know from long experience when you finish your come. You pull away and smile at me, your eyes a little dreamy.

You roll away from me again and plant a wet kiss on the head of my soft penis. Then you get up and pad to the bathroom. I get to watch your ass as it jiggles its way to the toilet. I can hear the sounds of our kids getting the TV in the living room on and getting things started in the kitchen. I hear you start the shower and then you peek your head around the doorjamb, telling me that there's no time for separate showers; we'll have to shower together. Your grin is especially wide, as you know damn good and well that there's plenty of time, since we take longer when we shower together than when we shower apart. I throw my legs over the side of the bed and hurry myself under the hot water of the spray.

As I wrap my arms around you and grasp your breasts, drawing your giggle, I think, what a way to wake up!