 Megan was outside watering her flowers when her cell phone rang. It was her husband Jerry. "Hi baby, how's your day going?" she asked. 

Jerry explained that he was having a very bad day. "I swear Meg, if one more thing goes wrong, I'll scream." he told her. He told her how UPS had lost the second shipment that he desperately needed for one of his machines in order to move to the next step on the project he was working on. Jerry is a construction foreman and was currently overseeing a new hotel being built in town. Megan listened to him explain what else had happened that day and commiserated with him. . 

"Hang in there Jer, it'll get better." she said. "I have faith in you and I know you'll turn things around." They talked for a few more moments and then he had to go back to work. 

Megan went back to watering her flowers, thinking about Jerry. She felt bad for him, knowing how personally he took any setbacks at work, even those that were out of his control. He had worked for the same company for 20 years and took pride in his work. He was well liked by his employer and his workers. He was a fair and honest man who worked as hard as he expected his employees to work. He was a good husband and she felt lucky to be married to him. As she finished watering she came up with an idea how she could hopefully relax him when he came home and show him how much she loved him. 

She quickly finished watering and put the hose away, running into the house to start getting things ready for that night. Megan made a list of what she needed from the store and ran to get those things, stopping at the liquor store for a bottle of wine that she knew Jerry liked. She put the wine in the fridge to chill while she quickly prepared one of his favorite meals, chicken enchiladas with fiesta rice. She made some homemade salsa to go with it. She put everything in the refrigerator and quickly cleaned up the house. She showered, shaved her legs, put on his favorite perfume, slipped into a pair of shorts, with no panties and a pull over with no bra. She had just inserted the last of his favorite cd's in the cd changer when she heard him pull in. She turned the music on low and sat on the couch. 

When Jerry walked in he looked exhausted. Megan got up and went over and gave him a deep kiss. "I'm so sorry your day was shit hun." she says. He pulls her close and holds her for a moment. 

"I think it's getting better already." Jerry says with a smile. He takes her hand and they move to the couch together. He sits down at one end and pats the couch next to him. Megan lies down on the couch with her head in his lap, the way that he likes. He smiles down at her and starts running his fingers through her hair. 

"Talk to me about your day. Let me hear everything that happened and maybe I can help you figure some things out." she says. 

Jerry begins to tell Megan about how his day started out bad when his boss started arguing with his boss. They both were telling Jerry different things about what they wanted done and he felt trapped in the middle. Two of his guys called off work and he knows they weren't sick. He knows they went out drinking the night before and he would like to fire them but they're good workers. He told her about how he waited all morning for a Next Day Air delivery from UPS with the machine part that he desperately needed. They were supposed to deliver this the day before, but that shipment got lost, so Jerry arranged for it to be reshipped. When it wasn't there by 10:30 (the so called guaranteed time), Jerry called and found out that this shipment was missorted and wouldn't be there until tomorrow. He said that he spent time trying to figure out how to rearrange things so that they could work around this problem. He continued to tell her a list of things that went wrong. While he talked, his hands lifted her shirt and started playing with her nipples. Megan wasn't even sure he realized he was doing this. Jerry always loved to play with her body, especially play with her breasts while she lay with her head in his lap. 

When he was done talking, Megan suggested that tomorrow he talk to the two bosses and explain the difficulty he has when they tell him two different things. She said that they might not even know that this is happening. She told him that he needs to sit the two workers down who called off work and give them an official warning. She told him to be stern with them and explain that he cannot tolerate them calling off work because they're hung over. She suggested that he make sure that they know he's concerned about their health as well. "Tell them that if they start missing work because of drinking that it's time to quit drinking." She told him to tell them that the next time this happened he'd have no choice but to fire them, no matter how good of workers they are. She then suggested that he call the manufacturer that shipped the part and ask them to resend it using a different carrier. Jerry smiled and said that he had already done this. 

The whole while she was talking, Jerry was playing with her breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingers and thumbs, tugging and pinching them. While Megan fought to control her reaction to this, Jerry knew the effect he was having on her. "Why don't you take your clothes off baby?" Jerry asked. 

Meg stood up and told him that she was going to slide dinner in the oven and then she'd come back and take her clothes off for him. "Take them off now Meg" he said. She smiled and never breaking eye contact with him, took her clothes off and let them fall in a pile on the floor. She turned and walked out of the room, going into the kitchen to put dinner in the oven. Jerry moaned softly as he watched her walk out of the room.

When she returned, she lay back down as she was. He bent over and she met him half way and they kissed while his hands started roaming down her body. He sat up again and his eyes took her body in. He loved it when she lay naked like that. The fingers on his one hand ran through her hair while the fingers on this other hand played with her nipples again. 

Megan turned to her side, facing him, and started kissing his cock through his pants. She could feel it straining to be released. She raised slightly and unbuttoned and unzipped Jerry's pants and reached in to release his hard thick cock. As she laid her head back down, she held his penis by the base and let her tongue idly flick over the tip. She looked up and saw him looking down at her, watching her and smiling. His fingers continued to run through her hair. She smiled wickedly and said "Maybe I should quit doing this."

"Maybe you shouldn't." Jerry replied as he nudged her head a little closer to his cock. 

Megan licked the tip again; her tongue running circles all around the tip, while her hand moved up and down the base. Jerry moaned deep in his throat as his held her hair tighter. She slid his cock between her lips and began to suck. Her tongue continuing to dance across the tip of his cock inside her mouth. She started taking just a little bit more of him into her hot mouth each time. She lifted her head slightly and went all the way down on his cock until she had him deep in her throat. She slowly started to lift her head up, slipping him out. She continued this pattern, slow out....hard, fast, and deep in. She finally took him all the way in and buried her nose against him, holding him deep in her throat while he groaned and pumped his hips. His cock was twitching in her mouth, and she knew he was getting ready to cum. This excited Megan more, she loves it when he cums in her mouth. She worked faster, wanting nothing more than to swallow his cum. Jerry's hand twists around her hair and his hips thrust forward as he shot his load deep in her throat. Megan could feel it spraying on the back of her throat and she swallowed greedily. Jerry grabbed her head and held his cock deep in her throat as he continued to cum. 

Once he was done, he released her head and Megan slid his cock out and licked him clean. He laid his head back on the back of the couch, trying to catch his breath. "Oh God Meg, that was wonderful, thank you." he said.

Megan licked her lips and said "No, thank you."

The timer went off for dinner and Megan stood up reaching for her clothes. Jerry smiled at her and said "Why don't you leave those off." Megan rolled her eyes giggling and left the clothes laying there while she went off to check on dinner. Jerry watched her naked body as she set the table, her breasts swaying as she bent over moving things on the table. 

He rose and went upstairs to go to the bathroom and wash his hands and face. When he came back down, he too was naked. Megan smiled, knowing that he was indeed relaxing and forgetting about his day. 

Jerry looked at the table and saw the fresh salsa and chips and grinned when Megan put the enchiladas and the rice on the table. "Thank you Meg. You know this is one of my favorite meals. I know you did this to make me happy. Thank you so much."

"You're welcome my love, now open the wine." she laughed. 

They sat down and ate dinner, talking about the upcoming weekend and things that had happened recently. They both laughed and enjoyed the food and the conversation. Jerry helped her clean off the table after dinner and load the dishwasher. Megan put the leftovers away and as she stood up and shut the refrigerator door, Jerry pressed her against the door and kissed her deeply. "Will you dance with me Mrs. Turner?" he asks. 

They go into the front room and Jerry put in a cd that he had made some time ago with romantic music on it. He holds her closely and they sway together. She could feel his cock getting hard again and she ground into him, teasing him. He grabbed her ass and pulled her in tighter as Faith Hill and Tim McGraw started singing "Let's Make Love". 

Megan put her head on his shoulder and softly sang Faith's part, while Jerry's hands roamed her body. When Tim started singing, Jerry sang along with him as Megan's arms went around his neck and she stared into his eyes. They sang the song with the cd and then kissed deeply, their bodies pressed tightly together. Jerry took her hand and pulled her towards the stairs "Let's go upstairs and do what they just told us to do, let's make love."