 Sandy woke up early as usual. She rolled out of bed, threw her hair back, slinked into a pair of spandex shorts and a tank top and headed out to the gym. She found that if she got there before seven every morning that not only would she not have to worry about a line for the stair stepper, but she would also see her morning show. 

Her morning show. Every morning he was there. First he would begin with some light stretching and then advance from the lighter to heavier weights. Every morning she would watch him. He had caught her watching him in the past, but seemed to like the attention. She would notice the lackadaisical way he would be working until she was clearly on the floor, and then it turned more into a show. He would stretch his arms up and over with the weights, his slender muscles in his arms bulging and she would try not to look directly. She would climb her stairs to no where imagining another kind of workout that they could be having. And the watching would go on, every day for an entire hour. Then they would leave. 

This morning was no different. As she came onto the floor he was again there all ready. There was no one really else in the gym yet and all was quiet, except for the hum of the equipment as she pressed the on button. She stepped up and set her pace, and then set her stare and she was ready. As usual he saw her watching and he seemed to try even harder. 

But about a half hour into his normal routine he put the weights down and started on a run around the laps. 

"Damn" she thought to herself, but continued on her normal routine for another thirty minutes. 

Finally, the button beeped and she was done for the day and she headed back towards the womens locker room. She looked around for her attractive gym mate but didn't see him. As she walked to her locker room, she saw the sign for the men's locker room and her curiosity got the best of her. She looked around to make sure she would not be seen and then seeing it was clear poked her head into the men's locker room. 

He was standing there, his back to her and in the middle of changing. He was naked at that moment and she froze when she saw him. It was not quite what she expected, and she knew she shouldn't, but she couldn't help watching. 

His body glistened from a recent shower and he was drying himself off. She could feel the beginning of dampness between her legs. The fact of seeing him like this, with the possibility to be seen was exhilarating. She stepped back to enjoy the view, quickly looking now and then to make sure no one else was coming. She peeked away for a second and then looked back at him. He was now looking directly at her... in her moment of letting down her guard she had been spotted. 

A gasp made itself out as she stepped back against the wall. He instincts told her to bolt out of there... but she noticed he didn't look mad. He just stood there for a moment, facing her, completely nude. She could see now from this full front view that he was well endowed and actually smiled a little. He stepped forward again, and with him she did as well. 

There was still a silent awkwardness in the air, but they kept stepping forward towards one another and closing the gap between them in the room. Sandy finally stepped forward enough, and not knowing what ever was possessing her she leaned up against him and simply kissed his mouth. He gave no complaint. She leaned in closer and he wrapped his arm around her waist, together they were still tenderly kissing. This was unfamiliar for her. She had never done something like this before and she was nervous. She had no idea what to do next. But she felt intense all the while. Between her legs the dampness became wetter and she desperately wanted him. She could feel his cock against her stomach, hard and wanting her too. 

Then, she let out a moan as his hand slid down and around to her front, grabbing her clit. He massaged it lightly while kissing her through her shorts. She could take no more. She instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist and he carried her into the back shower stalls so that they would not be out in the open. He set her down briefly, and together they managed the tight shorts off and he began to feel her with his fingers. They slowly parted her lips and rubbed her back and forth and she could feel a shudder down her spine. She moaned louder and grew wetter as he slid his fingers in and out of her slowly. 

As he toyed with her she slipped her shirt and then bra over her head, to be free to feel herself. She rubbed her hands over her breasts and pinched her nipples between her fingers. With her eyes closed she felt his presence. In front of her, inside of her, it was too much. 

"I want you," she moaned. 

He quickly took his cue and lifted her to him, sliding her down and inside of her. Her arms wrapped around him and she brought her face to his as they rhythmically came together. His hardness pressed into her, and their lips entwined, soliciting moans from the both of them... echoing through the shower room. Together, their breathing became heavier. She felt wetter than she ever had as she unleashed herself upon his cock. Her arms automatically held him tightly as she came, but still begging for him not to stop. 

He went faster and she closed her eyes. She could feel him easily sliding inside of her. Her breasts close to him, while she held tightly. Waiting for him to finish, but hoping not too soon. 

His hands grew firmer around her waist, plunging his cock into her. She grinded into him, moving together and he moaned loudly as he finally finished inside of her, exploding and releasing it into her. Sandy held on tighter, even as his pace lessened and he spasmed from his orgasm... and finally became still. 

She let out a sigh as she opened her eyes and looked at him really for the first time and said, "My name is Sandy, by the way."

He laughed a little and set her down. 

"Jake, and the pleasure is all mine."

He turned on the shower and they bathed together, before she snuck out of the locker room... fully clothed and very much looking forward to tomorrow morning's work out.