 "Good Vibrations" sounded like it was a good time to Mike. He came up to the stairs of the store that descended from the street level down into the lower level of Good Vibrations. The store was inviting, spacious, clean and colorful. It celebrated sex. He walked over to the back wall where there were some "Couples Toys." He picked up one the We Vibe Tease and Please set and read the back

"lives up to its name when used to add stimulation during intercourse, but there are so many other ways to enjoy this adjustable C-shaped vibe: dual stimulation, solo pleasure, even adding a thrill to harness wear. It's super-versatile--use it with remote control or with the free We-Connect app, so even if you're far apart, you can keep the home fires burning."

He placed that immediately into his basket. Beth would get this as a gift. He also picked up the first mate silicon dildo, immediately picturing Beth sucking on it before she slid it into her pussy, while he fucked her ass. On a whim, he placed that into his basket. An image of her lying back on his bed, spread eagle fucking herself with this as she called out his name made his cock stir. One more item that caught his eye was a we vibe anal dildo. He collected the three items and realized that this set him back over $350, but he knew it would be well worth the investment. He had plenty of lube back in the hotel, given that he really only needed it when he took her from behind. He thought, even then, he could probably get away without it, but the lube made for a slicker ride. He wanted to get back to the hotel, get some sleep and get in early so he could jump ship early.

While Mike was purchasing play toys, Beth was on the train her head propped up against the window. She shut her eyes and replayed the events of this afternoon. God, she had not felt that alive in years. Her pussy was still throbbing from all that action. She knew that going to see him again in the morning was inherently a bad idea. She also knew she was going to show up. She would promise everyone she would be on the 4 pm train home.

When Beth got home that evening, her husband immediately came up to her with affectionate doting. Thinking her day had been interminably long, he decided to ensure that a dinner was there waiting for her. He let her know that the bed had been turned down and they could snuggle that evening. The children had had their baths and were in pajamas, ready for bed.

Beth relaxed on the couch and enjoyed the doting she got from her family. With a tinge of guilt, she thought about how the day had been trying, but not in the ways her husband had expected.

She enjoyed a glass of wine with her husband after the tucked the children into their beds. Beth would get them off in the morning. Steve would go to work and then she decided she would drive in and take the Red Line from Alewife to Porter and meet Mike at is hotel. With the night winding down, Beth and Steve enjoyed their casual banter.

Beth told Steve that she could go in a little later the following day, as they would be presenting to new clients. He seemed to buy her line, as this was not totally out of the norm; however, most of the time it did not happen the next day. They slept soundly together.

After she saw the saw the kids off Beth took a quick shower, shaved and made sure she was prepped as she knew Mike's preferences. A wave a guilt came over her as she showered, knowing that unlike yesterday, this was not something that happened in the heat of the moment. It was planned and yeah, maybe it was happening because of the heat of the last moment. Her body still tingled from last night, her pussy aching for more of what he had to offer her.

Beth dressed in a lacy sheer blue and black bra that was both sexy and feminine. She stepped into the matching cheeky underwear that had a peek-a-boo black lacing at the cleft of her butt. From there she slipped into long flowing floral dress, which she was able to carry off nicely due to her height. She slipped on some flat sandals and grabbed her car keys.

Since she left at 9:30, traffic was significantly lighter than she had expected and was outside the hotel at 10:30, so she drove right into the hotel and parked nearby. As she stood in front of the hotel, she hesitated. She could just leave not and now show up. She never really promised she would be there. She could just go shopping. She could go have a massage. She could go into work and say that she got her mother to come watch her "sick son" so she could make it to work, but she would not. Instead, she entered the hotel and saw a new face at the reception desk. She walked over and smiled at the attendant, a man in his early 20s of pretty average height. He had dark hair, olive skin and black rimmed glasses and he held up a slender finger to Beth, noting he would be right with her after the call he was on ended. Beth stood there, looking around at the lobby. It really was a nice place, she thought to herself. It was clean, bright and stream-lined. There was a nice bar and eatery. Her study of the lobby was broken when the concierge directed his attention to Beth, "How can I help you today?"

Beth smiled and looked at him, speaking quietly, "Hi there. I am meeting up with a guest here and he said, he would leave a key to the room for me at the main desk."

"Well, let me look around here," said the attendant, as he shuffled about. Beth smiled meekly. She felt foolish. Why would there be a key here for her? She watched as the attendant walked into the other room and came back with someone who looked like he may have owned the hotel.

He was a tall man with well quaffed head of wavy dark hair. She noticed his confident gait as he strode toward her. He wore a beautiful Italian suit that oozed money. He smiled at Beth and reached out his hand. Beth met his hand with her own in a gentle shake and he clasped her hand in both his own.

"Hi there, Beth I presume?" The man said. "My name is Anthony. Mike contacted me this morning. And I let him know that we could not make a habit of leaving keys for people, but I promised I would escort you to his room."

"Oh?" Beth said, taking her hand from his. "I will just come back later." She turned to walk away but Anthony stopped her.

He smiled at her conspiratorially and said, "I am going to leave you with a key, so you are not trapped in the room, but I have to escort you there. The last thing I need is attendants thinking we do this for all guests, but I consider Mike a friend of mine and I know he would not want you left waiting without the comforts of a suite." Anthony started toward the elevator with her.

Beth remained rather silent. She was trying to think of something to say to this man who surely knew why she was there. Resigned, she made small talk with him about the beauty of the hotel.

When they got to Mike's suite, Anthony opened the door slightly, nodded to her and walked away, wishing her comfort and a good day. He mentioned that she should call the front if she needed anything while she waited for her host.

Beth could feel her heart racing a little. She was both frightened and excited. She looked around the room as she had not really taken it in yesterday. It was pretty nice with a brown leather chair and loveseat, a coffee table and desk with TV in one room and in another room, a king-sized bed. Beth peaked in and noticed a box with a little note on it set on the bed.

She picked up the box and let out a laugh, it was a large dildo. It had a vibration mode with it and was quite realistic looking. It has balls and she should apparently suction cup it to a wall if necessary. She was intrigued, and then she picked up the note and read it.

Beth:

Thanks for coming. I promise you will love it. I want you to strip naked and wait for me here. If you get bored, you can play with this little toy, but DO NOT cum before I get here.

Mike

Beth looked at the letter again. Part of her wanted to keep her bra and panties on, but he clearly wanted to call the shots here. For now, she took off her dress and shoes and placed them neatly on the desk at the end of the bed and left her shoes on the floor nearby. She walked about the suite in her under garments. Nearly naked, she approached the windows and looked out. The thrill of knowing that no one was looking, but that could see her, gave her a slight thrill. She felt her nipples harden and her pussy moisten at the very thought of it.

At each window, she pulled the sheer curtains shut. When she had done so in each room, she decided to remove the undergarments. She knew she would have to put them on again later and feared that her panties would be soaked through if she had to wait on Mike's arrival. So, with that, she walked back to the bedroom, carefully removed them and placed them on top of the dress. Completely naked, she walked over to the bed and picked up the vibrating dildo.

She turned it on and let it vibrate against each nipple, sending shocks through her body. Her body shivered with excitement as she brought the vibrating penis to the outer folds of her vagina and let out a moan as she did so.

As she was sitting on the edge of the bed, losing herself in the auto-eroticism, the room phone began to ring. Startled, Beth shut off the vibrator, brought it to the bathroom sink and washed it off quickly before returning it. The phone continued to ring, and she pondered answering it, but decided that would not be wise.

She walked around the room, feeling the air against her body. Her nipples were erect and sensitive, and she caressed them, as she moved about the suite. Her newly shaved bare pussy throbbed with anticipation and excitement as she passed by the vent and felt the air hit her exposed parts.

At the window, Beth looked out over the city streets below. She was standing in this hotel room completely nude, waiting for a man who was not her husband. She felt a naughty. She felt sensuous and she felt desired. She heard the click of the of the door and straightened her back, making her hips and breasts more pronounced. She walked toward the door as it opened, and Mike sauntered in the room.

Beth stopped as Mike shut the door, leaned his back against it. He looked her up and down hungrily as he loosened the red tie on his neck and dropped his briefcase to the ground. Beth had not given it much thought, but standing her now, totally nude with Mike in his Power suit, Beth felt very subservient. Mike stepped forward from the little entry hall, threw his jacket on the back of a chair and continued the removal of his tie. He looked Beth in the eye and without a word, crooked his finger, calling her closer. She obeyed and closed the space between them. When she got close enough, Mike looped his tie around her neck, pulling her closer to him and took her mouth as her own.

She met his kiss with the same lust and started to unbutton his top as his hands kneaded her ass, making her groan out in pleasure. With his shirt nearly unbuttoned and untucked, exposing his undershirt, Mike took hold of both Beth's hands and placed them behind her back and broke off the kiss. "My, my." Mike started, "aren't you the horny girl this morning?"

"A little," Beth answered biting her lip and looking down toward Mike's feet.

He smiled and let out a little laugh, "A little." And he reached out tweaking her nipple and he pulled the tie away from her neck, letting the silk stimulate her skin as it slid off her neck and should and over her breast that was longing for Mike's touch. "Do you want 'a little' cock right now or are you aching for a larger thing?" Mike questioned as he finished unbuttoning his shirt and he ran his hand over his now obvious erection. He stood there in a white undershirt and black dress pants with a clear bulge. He neatly placed his tied and shirt on the same chair that held the jacket and he slipped of his t-shirt. He stood before Beth, bare-chested. His erection clearly tenting up his pants. She was ogling him, but stood before him, hands behind her back. Waiting on his next move. Mike cupped her vagina and slid his finger between her folds. "You shaved for me, very sweet," he whispered and added, "You are a very wet girl." He slipped his finger over her clit a couple of times, making Beth moan for more. He removed his hand from her pussy, eliciting a pout from her and like he had done the day before, he brought his fingers to Beth's mouth rubbing her juices over her lips and then slipping them into her mouth. Beth's breath was ragged as she cleaned him off, tasting her own excitement on his fingers. She let her hands falls to her side, but Mike shook his head.

"No. Keep your hands behind your back." He commanded as he grabbed Beth's chin and kissed her again. She leaned into him, trying to extend the moment, but Mike pulled back turned her body and bending her over the back the leather chair.

"Mike, what are you doing?" Beth asked, as Mike ran his hand down her back and onto her ass, giving her a quick swat. Beth quivered, as Mike ran his hand down over where he had just swatted her. "Oh, Mike," Beth moaned, "That feel so good." His hands moved to her pussy again and he explored her at will.

He positioned himself behind her and moved her hands to hang over the chair also. Still wearing his pants, Mike got on his knees and buried his face into her ass, lapping away at her crack and hole until he could feel her knees buckling. Beth push up against Mike's face, wanting more as she cried out incoherently. Not wanting to let Beth cum yet, Mike stood and removed his belt, teasingly slapped it against Beth's ass, drawing a whelp from her.

"Please," Beth yearningly moaned.

"Please, what?" Mike questioned but did not wait for an answer. He rubbed her ass, "Stay right here a minute. Don't move." He knew what she wanted but was not about to let her cum quite yet. She would cum in good time, but he wanted to make her work for it. He wanted to tease her and make her beg for his cock and his release. As he walked away from her, the cool air hit her body, ensuring that her nipples remained erect.

Waiting in anticipation, Beth felt the coolness extend to her exposed and wet pussy. She clenched her Kegel muscles, keeping her excited. She thought about how vulnerable she was right now, naked and bent over the chair, Mike somewhere behind her. She thought about standing up, but she enjoyed the excitement of Mike taking control of the situation, her body, and her pleasure. She could hear Mike moving around in the bedroom and lifted her head and turned to see what he was up to. Seeing her, Mike chastised her, "I told you to stay right there. Stay still, I will be right there." She was following his orders, as she saw him unbuttoning his pants.

Soon enough, Mike stood behind her again and ground his now naked body against Beth's ass. She moaned as she felt his cock stir against her. "That's a good girl," Mike cooed. "I am so happy that you are here right now. You have missed this as much as I have, haven't you?"

"I did not realize how much I missed it until we met yesterday," Beth whispered.

"Well, it is a good thing I have always known it," He continued to massage her body, possessing her. "Show me how much you want my cock."

As he said that, he pulled her hair back, making her grunt cry out, "Oh God, Mike. Please."

Again, Mike pulled his body away from her, stepping back. Soon he returned and Beth felt a smooth silicone up against her clitoris and felt the toy slip into her pussy. Once Mike positioned that one end of his new toy into her, he stood back to enjoy the view. "Do you like how that feels, Beth?"

She was surprised at how nice it felt and she jumped as he made it buzz just a little. She squealed at the sensation. Mike smiled, "I knew you would like this. This is going to be fun." With that he continued to own her. He used a little lube and slipped a training plug in her ass.

"Oooh, God." Beth cried out having both her pussy and ass penetrated.

"That's a good girl." Mike noted rubbing her ass. His cock grew thicker and harder as he looked at Beth coming to terms with how much she needed to give herself over to him. Mike left her there, walked around and sat in the love seat opposite the chair Beth was bent over. He sat there, naked with a phone in his hand. He opened an app on his phone and pressed something. With a smile on his face, Mike looked up as he watched Beth's face contort to the stimulation he knew was pulsing through clit, her pussy, and her ass. She was overwhelmed. He thought to himself that the toys were worth every dime he had spent on it, just to see that look of completely ecstasy on Beth's face. She was about to cum as the vibration settled down. As her breathing settled also, she remained bent over the chair and lifted her head to meet his gaze. Beth propped herself and licked her lips, looking at Mike.

He sat in the chair, one hand stroking his cock, the other on the app and said, "Now Beth, I want you to come here and show me how much you need this." Mike wagged his huge erection at her. Beth stood and took one step before Mike shook his head and ordered her, "Crawl."

"Really?" Beth questioned and Mike just drew his eyes to the floor. With that, Beth dropped to her knees and put her hands on the floor in front of her. At first, she felt a little silly, but as she moved closer, crawling toward him, she felt sexier and naughtier. She looked up at him as he nodded his head in approval and used his free index finger to beckon her forth. Beth focused her eyes on the space between her face and Mike's cock. Licking her lips, she moved forward on all fours keep her eyes on his cock. She closed the space between and stuck her tongue out, licking the pre-cum from the head of his cock. Mike played with the app, upping the rhythm so that the toy pulsed and vibrated in her ass and pussy.

Now it was Mike's turn to moan as he reveled in the sensation of her tongue on his sensitive head. He let her suck on his head a little before pulling pack and smearing his pre-cum and her saliva all over her face. Beth jerked as his cock smeared juices all over her face in time with the stimulation she was feeling. His cock jumped as he looked at how hot It was to see her face glistening with their juices, Mike traced the head of his cock around her lips before plunging back into her mouth. He held the back of her head as he forced himself deep into her throat. She choked back a little, but Mike slid deeper. He loved how she could take him all the way down her throat. He held her head there, looking down at her and groaned, "That's it. Show me how you can take my cock." He coached her moving her head back and forth. He pulled out of her mouth and stroked his cock, adding "I am going to come all over your face right now."

Beth smiled, and stuck her tongue, running it all over his head as he began to spray her mouth, face and chin with his cum. He watched as some of it dripped from her face and landed on her tits. Mike looked at her cum covered face, taking a snapshot in his head, and rolled his head back. "Fuck, that was a good start to today." He exclaimed as he moved his cock all over her face and swept up some of his jizz on it. He stuck his head back into her mouth and Beth eagerly cleaned it off. "You are such a good cock sucker."

The timer on the We Vibe kept bringing her to the brink of orgasm before subsiding and Beth wondered to herself if that setting was "total tease". Beth played with the remaining cum on her face and breasts, scooping it up with a finger and bringing it to her mouth as if it were a decadent dessert. She watched Mike intently as she did this, loving that she could be this free and naughty with him. While he may have just cum, Beth could see his cock jumping again at the site of her enjoying his ejaculate.
