 Tina winked me and gave me a full wet peck on my lips. I left Tina quickly before being caught. 

Due to some urgency Tina went to her mother's home. I waiting for her return. I will again put my proposal before her... lets hope the best.

In the evening when I was returning from office, I heard some noise from Tina's house. I just listened carefully for few seconds. I heard voices of Tina and her mother in law were arguing on some hot topic. I did not under stand why they were fighting.

I entered my home and took tea. I saw my wife (Anu) was upset. I asked the reason. Generally she hesitates to share with me in a single ask. So i asked her repeatedly. After few minutes, she some how cooled down and told me. She and Tina's mother in law had a cat fight regarding usage of more water. She complained to my wife the she is using more water as compared to them and the electricity bill is coming very high. Some i consoled my wife in this regard. She told she will not go for walking with her. I told her ill heartedly, no issue. 

Jitu: What happened again? Why are you so worried? Leave it... she is just... 

Anu: I don't like this bloody old bitch... lets shift to another house... she is always pointing fingers in this regard in front of everyone... 

Jitu: See, babe... dont be so annoyed... you know this type of house will not be available in such a cheap rate... I will talk with her... ok... now smile... 

Anu: No... this is my fight... You will not talk to her... I will teach her a lesson... 

Jitu: Don't be hyper baby... 

From the day after onward the both fat bitches did not go for walking at a time. my wife goes first and after her return Tina's mother in law starts her few rounds of morning walk.

After the cat fight, Tina did not show up herself much around and out side house. I also never got chance to meet her. My wife's menstrual period started. I was starving to fuck. Since last 10 days I did not masturbate and fuck. I thought Tina's mother in law might had knew our fucking.

One day morning i was wandering out side the balcony and talking in my mobile. I saw Tina bhauja was putting wet cloths for drying. Her wet hair were freely fall on her back. She was looking very sexy from top. I just saw her cleavage of her tits. Her saree was hardly hiding her melons. My dick stared to erect instantly seeing her. In one moment we made our eye contact. She gave me a naughty sexy smile. I also smiled back. She went inside. I waited for few minutes but she did not return. I thought there is no problem with our affair.

In the evening me and my wife were watching TV. Suddenly my wife's mobile rang. She was happy picking up the phone. I realized, the call is from her mother's home. After few seconds her face became dull and she almost trying to hide her emotion. I muted the TV and watch her talking in the mobile. When the call is dropped i asked,

Jitu: What happened again? Why are you so worried? Let's everything ok... You ok baby... 

Anu: My elder brother is sick. He is hospitalized. He is serious.

Jitu: What happened? Tell me clearly, pleas... For god shake don't cry... Come to me... Now tell openly what exactly happened... 

Anu: He is suffering from cancer. Doctor fixed date for operation for tomorrow... 

Jitu: Ok... no issue... we will visit him this Saturday... just only 3 days... now don't cry... 

Anu: I cant wait 3 days... you know how I love him... please lets visit tomorrow... 

Jitu: You know, Anu tomorrow meeting is how critical for me?

Some how I made understand that she will go alone to her mother's place. I arranged tickets for her. Her train was early in morning 4: 30 AM. She did her packing. I helped her packing. we went to bed early that night. I was very excited. I thought that wild idea again. I took again 6 silajeet gold tablets. 3 glass of warm milk. The excitement grew again. Some how managed to sleep in the night. 

We got up early in the morning at 3: 30 AM. She got ready and we left for station. I dropped her at station. I said her bye and come back to our room. I hardly sit, stand or sleep. I was just wandering here and there inside my house randomly from bedroom and drawing room for 1 hour. 

Finally the morning light came brightly. my excitement grew more. I was seeing outside through window of my bedroom. My excitement grew again when i found that Tina Bhauja's mother in law started for her morning walk. I jumped from my bed and put on a T-shirt and starting to rush. My cock was rock hard. Suddenly my door bell rang. My excitement was gone. I was surprised, who will be at this moment. Some how i hid my erection and opened the door. My surprise and excitement doubled seeing the person at the door. There standing Tina with naughty smile in her lips. She asked"

Tina: Are you going somewhere or what? Why are you wearing T-shirt?

Jitu: Haa... nahi... unhhhh... no... ohhhh... yessssss... 

Tina: Where are you going?

Jitu: I was going through the stairs... where else?

Tina: To whom?... so early in the morning!!... is somebody waiting or what!

Jitu: Ok... you caught me... what shall I hide you?... hmmmmm... just going to you only... 

Tina: do you have any work with me?... or you just flirting... 

Jitu: Please come inside... why are you questioning me standing out side!

Tina: leave it... I am now here... tell what you want from me?

Jitu: Ummmm... Why are you wearing this woolen scarp?... that also from top to bottom... 

Tina shut the door behind her, yanking her blouse over her head and tossed it aside without a second thought. 

Tina: I couldn't wait one more second to have you.

She grabbed for me as if I were a life line, circling her arms around my neck. Our mouths collided in a fiery kiss, lips and tongues dueling an epic battle. We licked and parried against one another with urgent need. A desperate moan moved from her mouth to mine, as I harshly squeezed her ass.

I slammed her back against the door hooking a long leg over my hip. I ran my hand up her smooth thigh, as she dug trenches in my ass cheeks.

Jitu: Ohhhhh... God, I've been dying to find out what you have on for me to tear off... 

I groaned against her throat. I nipped and kissed along the smooth chords of her neck and moved my hand between her thighs shoving the scrap of lace thong aside. I uttered a grumble of delight as my fingers found smooth flesh, already dripping wet.

Tina: Do you want to eat my pussy?

Jitu: Ohhhh... Yeah... 

Tina sunk her teeth into the top of my shoulder and raked her nails across my back. I plunged two, thick fingers into her molten depth.

Tina: Don't tease, I need more. I need your hard cock inside me

I grabbed her under her ass, planting her on the bed. I shoved her cloths up around her hips and dropped to my knees.

Tina: Baby, we don't have time for that

Jitu: Ohhhhh... Fuck that. There's always time... baby... 

I jerked her knees further apart, grabbed the lace band between my fists and ripped it from her hip, I crushed my mouth over her pulsing clit and swirled my tongue hard against it. A deep hungry growl rumbled in my chest, as I licked up and down her slit with deep intense strokes, drinking in every drop of her.

Tina: Use your fingers and spread my pussy lips apart,... Further, sweetie. It's okay, you won't hurt me. Be gentle, but not too gentle; know what I mean?... Oh fuck!... Don't stop Baby

She clutched her still covered breast and tugged sat the hidden nipple.

Jitu: Tell me what to do?... I want to know how to pleasure you.

Tina nodded, using her own finger to expose her clitoris

Tina: Please Jitu,... Suck on my clit... 

Tina bit hard into her lower lip trying to stifle her moans, and rocked her hips against my tongue. Her fingernails scraped my scalp as the muscles in her stomach twitched with the first clutches of her orgasm.

Tina: See this little hood of skin? It's my clit underneath. It's like, really sensitive. Even little brushing touches against it can get me off, and it'll even get hard and poke out, almost like a tiny little cock.

I marveled at how easily sex conversations came to Tina. It was like she was talking about the weather or something. What other girls would be uncomfortable talking about, she was casual with. Especially when she talked dirty to me.

Tina: Don't be gentle... Lick it... Your tongue will feel rough and good... yeah! Oh, just like that Jitu. Lick my clit, baby. Slower, use the tip of your tongue and use shorter motions... yeah... oh god... lick at the same pace and don't change speeds. hmm... , that feels nice.

I followed her every instruction, dragging the tip of my tongue across her clit over and over. I could smell the aroma of her sex and it reminded me of the panties Tina had given me when we first started fooling around.

Jitu: God, I love you. You're so fucking hot!

An animalistic growl in me, I grabbed a fistful of her hair, wrenching her head back and captured her mouth in a deep searing kiss.

Jitu: You're getting wet... 

Tina: Yeah, taste it. Stick your tongue in me. Bury your nasty tongue in my pussy, that way you know what your bhauja tastes like... ohhhhh... god, you're fucking good at this.

I started lapping on her wet pussy

Tina: Don't ignore my clit... yeah, lick it. Suck on it too, Jitu. Use your lips and kind of nibble on it softly... oh fuck! Oh god that feels good... You eat pussy so good baby, so much better than a finger.

I eased my finger in an inch or so and then pushed it back in slowly. I could feel her vagina grabbing at my finger as it moved in both directions. Her eyes got a hooded look as I did it a second time. The third time, I pulled my finger all the way out. Her eyes flew open and she started to protest until she saw my finger slip into my mouth. Instead, she groaned softly and whispered, 

Tina: You're teasing again.

Jitu: No... bhauja... just getting a taste,... It is tasty, that's for sure... 

Tina: Be careful or you'll have a wild woman sitting on your face... 

Tina bhauja was moaning like hell. I continued my eating her pussy.

Tina: Stop,... I... ohhhh, stop before I scream... oh god that's... that was fucking amazing. Eat me... eat my pussy baby... oh fuck, shit, oh fuck... you're going to make me... I'm gonna cum... I, baby, make me cum... oh god... 

Jitu: I want to be inside you so bad, Tina bhauja... 

Tina: I know you do baby... You want to stick that big, greasy cock of yours into my tight cunt... You want to fill me up with your nasty cum, don't you? Naughty boy... want to Shoot all your little baby-making sperms into my womb and make me pregnant?... you naughty... 

I gladly followed her command. Within seconds, she came hard against my mouth. The room is full of her shameless groans and whimpers. The tangy saltiness of her pussy flooded my mouth, making my cock swell another inch.

Tina: Pretty soon you'll be able to fill me up with all your hot nasty cum. I can't wait for that. I can't wait to feel your love coat inside of my cunt... 

Jitu: Tina bhauja, Listening your such comments, my dick started swelling more... 

Tina: Don't you remember, Jitu? Hm? This way you came in my tight pussy and made me pregnant?... If you're going to be such a bad boy every time we fuck I'm going to have to start taking you in my mouth, instead. I can't have you losing control and shooting all your babies into my warm fertile pussy... so early... 

Tina: You're so naughty, wanting your Bhauja to suck down all your nasty goo into her mouth, you know that? Are you going to make me take all your little spermicides into my stomach? Huh, Jitu? Is that what you want?

Jitu: Come on bhauja, suck your brother in law's dick... Oh my god, oh shit, what a sweet little cocksucker you are bhauja. You suck me so faster... 

Tina: Is that what you need Jitu? For me to suck on your big dick every day? Suck your messy seed out,... so you don't get too excited when you fuck and hump me full of your child?

Jitu: Oh my god bhauja... I'd never heard such things.

She shoved my face back. Tina bhauja yanked out the elastic holding her chestnut in a sexy, messy knot atop her head.

Tina: Then go ahead baby. Use my mouth as a cum deposit. Let all that gooey mess out and put it into my stomach. I'll be a naughty bhauja and take it as often as you need baby. Just like... 

Tina lowered her head into my lap, gripping my erect dick at its base and directing me into her wide open waiting mouth. She sucked in the head of my cock, and another inch past that. One swath of her tongue, edging the ridge of my cock's head, brought my orgasm. The hot jet of my semen erupted against the back of her throat, coating her tonsils. It made her choke, and some of the hot thick sperm spilled from her lips. But Tina recovered, swallowing quickly as more of my milk flowed into her mouth and down her throat.

I slipped my cock inside and towered my body over her. She sighed as I started pushing it in and out.

Tina: Oh god Jitu, that feels so good... ahhhhhh... 

Jitu: Yesss... bhauja... I haven't had such a hottt fuck for few days... I've never had such a tight little cunt either... 

Tina bhauja ran her fingers up and down along my bare chest. I pulled at her legs up so I could fuck her from a better angle. I started to fuck her even harder than before.

Jitu: Oh baby, my hottt... little sweetheart, you like what I am doing to you?

Tina: Mmm hmm,... very much... 

She wrapped her legs around my hips and pulled me into her, my bare cock entering inside her pussy. We moved in unison, our limbs intertwined with nothing between us, molding our bodies into one. We kisses softly as I steadily drove into her, grunting as I exerted more and more effort.

Jitu: Oh fuck,... Oh baby, yesss, I'm about to cum.

This time, it was me that came first, not needing to pull out since she was not complaining. I pulled her up a bit more then press my hips into hers, she pressed back and my cock pressing uncomfortably at her cervix, it paused and she heard me grunt. Then I started spraying deep inside her and the warmth of my cum as it shot again and again into her deepest crevice. I drove deep into her, reveling in the pleasure of cumming inside her hot pussy. I must of set her off, as her dripping pussy began to milk me, coaxing every last drop of my seed into her womb.

Tina: Jitu... Me too. Ohhhhhhhh... god... you feel so good baby... make me your woman... claim my womb... oh god... ahhhhhhhhh... 

I started to feel my cock jerk. I felt a load of warm sperm shoot into her pussy. About the same time she came, her pussy grasping at my cock. After we came, I collapsed on top of her and laid on my side next to her.

We were both panting hard. When we caught our breath she spoke

Tina: Jitu... its just amazing... what ever you do during sex, does not matter... I fully satisfied when I get a full load of thick hot sperm spraying inside my pussy... it really turns me on... thank you very much... umhaaaaaa... umhaaaaaa... 

Jitu: Me too bhauja... i love to cum inside hot dripping pussy... like yours... thank to you... 

Tina: Now leave me... we should finish it now... my mother in law will be returning in any moment... 

Tina bhauja left my room quickly in a hurry. She literally ran away to her house. I was just watching her from behind. She left with a naughty wink. I also smiled back... 

*****

 Hope you liked my story. Keep reading. 

Comments are very much welcome... 

I will improve my story with your comments... 