 Tina: One thing I noticed. You seems to be simple, but your ideas are not...hmmm...you saved me...Now ask me...i will reward anything in my reach...

Jitu: Are you sure?

Tina: Yes, You saved me...and I promised you to return the favor...provided in limits only...

Jitu: Ok. Then... I want to fuck you now! Right now in your bedroom!

Tina: Are you crazy!...no...no...my mother in law is sleeping in next room...and Anu is also there in your home...how dare you to ask this...

Jitu: Don't worry about Anu. She had gone to her mother this morning.

I ignored and reached inside her panties and slid one finger up her dripping pussy, while rubbing her clit with my thumb. I pulled her close with my other hand, and started to gently bite one of her perfect nipples.

She pulled me up, kissed me and smiled. So I turned her around, slid off her panties and dropped my pants and underwear to my ankles.

She bent over and braced her self against the wall. I rubbed my cock along her wet slit several times, then slid it in all the way. She was so tight, I almost came right then.

Jitu: Tina, you are denying...but your pussy is ready for action...hmmmmm...fooling me...

She felt my cock push open her pussy. My cock hit her cervix so I let her legs fall to the side and kissed. my hands fondling her tits. I eased my cock back nearly coming out of her tight wet cunt. Then suddenly I thrust my cock fully in causing her scream. 

Tina: Jitu...you are so naughty...hmmmmm... ahhhhhhh...ohhhhhh...

I grabbed her hips and began to power fuck her, both of us grunting and panting. I knew I wouldn't last long. I reached up and around with one hand to grab one nipple roughly between one thumb and index finger. Then I reached around to her pussy with the other hand and pinched her clit. 

Tina: ahhhhh...ohhhhhhh...it hurts Jitu...be gentle... Not so hard baby...my nipples are hurting...ahhhhh...Oh, fuck! Yyyeeessss!...Suck my tits. That feels ssssoooo good. You are driving me crazy. Suck my hot titties and fuck my horny cunt. Don't ever stop. Please don't ever stop. Fuck me!...

I heard her cry out. My cock stretching her cunt walls, her cries of pain turning to moans of joy. My cock felt like it was encased in a tight velvet glove. It was only when I started thrusting in and out, I heard her say 

Tina: Oh Jitu it hurts but I feel so full with your cock inside me. Within a few minutes... I have a few small orgasms. Ahhhhhh...ohhhhh...Oh Jitu please no more I can't take it...anymore...

I withdrew my cock. I felt her trembling. We sat in the bed, talking then kissing and I put my hand up her belly and she opened her legs for me. She said,

Tina: Jitu do you want to put your hard cock in me again? ...hm...you naughty boy...

Jitu: Tina Bhauja I want to watch my cock entering your pussy.

I nodded as I lifted her up allowing me to pull her on me. I positioned her almost on all fours, making sure I could see her exposed dripping pussy. It took a couple of thrusts before my cock sank fully inside her juice filled tender cunt. She had a couple of orgasms before I had to withdraw my cock again. 

Changing my mind, I got down on all fours. Then using my head pushed Tina's legs apart. My head disappearing under her thighs. I could smell her strong scent of pussy nectar. She jerked slightly as she felt my tongue licking her clitoris.

Tina: Why do you pulled out from my pussy...it was so full inside me...

Tina cum instantly as her legs wide open and her pussy being licked. I felt her hands pressing the back of my head as she climaxed. I withdrew my head from her pussy, and whispered to her to bend over. But she refused. 

We laughed, and we both thought it may be fun. She bent over and I lifted her a little.Then turning slowly she bent over. She moaned as I ran my fingers from the crack of her bum to her clitoris. As I drew my hand back from between her legs I gave her bottom a gentle slap. Feeling her body jerk , I slowly guided my hard cock between her legs. I felt her fingers quickly take my shaft, and place the mushroom head in her warm wet pussy entrance. 

Jitu: Oh Tina your cunt's so wet...and dripping...

She moaned as my full length slid deep into her cunt hole. With panic in her voice, she said, 

Tina: hurry up ...Ohhhhh Jitu... shove a finger up my ass hole...

I was shocked at such a request and said, "are you sure?"

Tina: ohhhhh... fuck yes... shove your finger in my bum...

She repeated. I poked my finger round the outer lips of her cunt then eased it into her ass hole. With my finger fully embedded in her bum I thrust even faster. My cock and finger fucking her simultaneously. She had to hold back from screaming. 

I moaned, as my cock head pushed her wet pussy lips open. I had to be careful not to ejaculate so fast. We were both panting and it was Tina who came first. I think she squirted her pussy juice out as my cock pulled out from her burning cunt. 

I felt her juices spray over my cock as it thrust in and out. I cried out, making a loud grunt before pushing my cock. 

Tina: Come on big boy... my pussy needs filling...

I continued to fuck her while I rolled her nipple and her clit hard. Finally I couldn't take anymore, and buried my cock as deep as it would go. Within seconds I was sunk up to my balls in her soaking wet cunt. 

Jitu: Ohhhhhh...Tina...i am cumming...Shit...Your pussy is so hot and tight I feel like I'm pushing my cock into a tube of hot butter...I can't take it much longer. I'm going to cum...

Tina: Ooohhh yeeessss, I can't believe how wonderful that feels. I can never get enough of your cock buried deep in my hungry pussy. I don't know how this happened between us. 

Jitu: You knew who I was and what I was yet you've never said a negative word about it.

Tina: Ohhhhh...yesssss...I need to feel your big, hard cock buried deep inside of me. I can't seem to get enough of your cum shooting up into me. Filling me until it drips from me. If this is a dream I don't ever want to wake up. I love it. I love you. I love having you fuck me. Do it, lover. Fuck me. Fuck your nasty bhauja and fill my horny pussy with your baby-making seed.

With all the excitement I started to spurt my load deep in her cunt. I felt her cervix with the tip of my cock, and shot my load of cum right on to it. When she felt me gush, she shuttered with a huge orgasm of her own. I left my cock in her pussy until all my spasms had gone.

Tina: I can feel it. I can feel you filling my pussy with your wonderful, baby-making cum. Ooooooohhhhhh, yyyyeeeesssss!

The mutual sensations sent us off into some dream world. We lay, locked together like that, for several minutes. Slowly my cock shrank and slid from her pussy. As we gasped for air, a stream of cum began flowing from her well-fucked pussy to soak into the bed sheets. Instantly, she slipped a pillow under her hips to hold the remainder inside of her.

Tina: Wow. It just keeps getting better and better between us. I love you, Jitu

Jitu: I love you, too, Tina ...

Neither of us fell asleep this time. Instead we held each other and enjoyed the distant sound of the crickets buzzing outside.

There was silence in the bed room. Tina was laying besides my left and her breathing was very heavy due to earlier intense sex. Her head was on my muscular chest. My hand was wandering on her bare back. I was traversing my fingers slowly on her long back bone. She was severing with my touches. Her skin was tingling in my seductive touches.

We lay there laughing nervously and I just looked down at her beautiful body. 

She did a little movement of her face and put her face on my breast. Suddenly she licked my nipples with her tongue. I was thrilled with the sensation of touch on my nipple. Nobody ever kissed me there. I was not expecting this from her. This unexpected sensation thrilled more.

Tina: God, ...Jitu...I love your body and your body is just amazing...and your cock is just awesome...

Jitu: You are so damn sexy...Tina...and your tight pussy is just incredible...

Tina: I loved how it feels when it stretched out my tight, pink pussy. No one has ever fucked me like you have. I just want to please you. I want to be your dirty bhauja. 

After admiring our bodies, Tina showed her handiwork. She took a feather from under side of mattress. She began to run the feather down my arm, across my chest and up my other arm. I was squirming and laughing saying

Jitu: Ohhhhhh...noooo...baby stop...Please, that tickles.

She just giggled "Awwww poor baby." But she kept going. Down my chest and stomach, up and down my thighs. I was begging her to stop. She let the feather touch my balls and run it over my cock. I moan a little and that turns me on. My dick started showing its effects.

Tina: I love hearing you moan. Knowing that I'm making you so horny. I'm so wet right now. Can you smell my pussy baby? Can you feel how damp my pussy is? My pussy wants you so bad. Do you want me to fuck your hard dick baby?

Jitu: Yes. Ohhhhhhhhh... fuck. Yes...

She straddle me and tease my cock. Letting the head of my dick feel her wetness. I try to push into her but she didn't let me. 

Tina: You're not getting off that easily. I've got another little surprise for you. 

Jitu: Whats that?

Tina: Ice...Iceeeeeeeeeee...

She took the ice tray from refrigerator. Took one cube in her hand. She touched the cube to my lip and watch it melt. Nibbling at my lip and licking up the water drops. She ran the ice down my neck letting the ice melt on my hot skin. 

Tina: First cold ice, then my warm lips and tongue. Now I will move the ice over your nipple and then suck it in my mouth, gently biting it... You will love that. 

I was really moaning under her now. My breathing is now heavy. She take the ice and run it down my cock, to balls. I was moaning and begging her to let me up.

Next what she did, I was not expecting. She lick the tip of my cock and run her tongue down the length of it. Circling her wet tongue around my rock hard dick.

Jitu: Ohhhhhhhhhhh...Tina...what the hell are you doing...where did you learnt all these...

Tina: Shhhhhhhh...just wait and watch...I will swallow your cock. I will take the whole thing right down my throat. I am going to fuck you with my mouth bringing you to the edge over and over. 

My legs were shaking and I was sweating and begging and pleading her to give me her pussy.

Tina: Since you've been such a good boy I decide to reward you with my wet, hungry cunt. It's dripping for you. 

She sat on my cock and take the tip in. Slowly giving me more and more until it's all the way in and my balls are up against her pussy lips. She just sat there on top of my dick. Slowly ridding it.Teasing it. Taking it all the way out and slamming back down on it. She rode me hard and fast and I want to cum so bad. 

Jitu: Ohhhhhhhhh...godddddd...Tina...I want to cum so badly...

Tina: Unhhhhhh...Na na...No, no, ...no. Not yet.

Jitu: Please baby let me, so that I can fuck you properly.

Tina: Maybe...but first of all... I want you to eat my pussy and make me cum. If you can do that, I'll let you fuck me.

She sat on my face and move her wet pussy all over my face. It was dripping like hell. I started lapping at her drenching pussy like a dog. Licking up all her juice. Sucking her clit and fucking her with my tongue.

Tina: I love when you eat me out. ...That's it baby. ...You know how to make me cum. Make your pussy cum baby. Make it cum all over your fucking face. Ohhhhhhhhh... fuck baby... You're going to make me cum so hard...

I grunted and continued to eat her. Sucking her clit into my mouth, licking and sucking her pussy lips. Tonguing my slit.

Tina: That was so amazing. You always make me cum so good..

Jitu: Let me please...I need to fuck you... So badly...

Suddenly I grabbed her and get on top of her. Pinning her arms down. 

Jitu: You like teasing me you little slut? You think you can tease me like that and not get punished?

I grabbed her hair and shove my cock into her, biting her lip and thrusting into her so hard. 

Tina: Your cock is hitting my cervix and I love when you fuck me rough but this is the roughest you've ever been with me.

I squeezed her tits and pinch her nipples hard. She was moaning in pain. 

Jitu: Aww does that hurt baby?...umhhhhhhh...you like more...amhhhhh... I'm sorry...Let me kiss it...umhaaaa...umhaaaaa...

I took her nipple into my mouth and suck it and bite it. she cry out. I don't care, My animal instincts have taken over and I just want to fuck her roughly.

Tina: ouch baby!...it really hurts...please be gentle a little...

Jitu: Turn over you fucking slut... Get on your fucking hands and knees and put your ass up...I will pound you from behind...

I grab her hips and start slamming my dick into her. She was moaning and talking dirty to me.

Tina: It's so deep baby... Oh... Yes... fuck me baby. Claim it baby... Show that pussy... who its owner is...whose baby is there...

Jitu: You can feel it ...my baby doll... Are you gonna cum for me again my nasty naughty bhauja?

Tina: Ohhhhhhh yes baby... Yes. Pound me with your dick!...That's it baby. Ohhhhhhhhh...Right there. That's the spot... Ohhhhhhhh... my God baby! Can you feel my pussy cum on your dick?...I can't control myself anymore... I scream, I don't care if neighbors can hear. You make me feel crazy good... I am cumming all over your cock. My pussy squirts at you. It's never done that before.

Jitu: Ohhhhhhhh... fuck baby... you just squirted on me!...fuck... That's such a fucking turn on!...Fuck babe... '

Tina: That was, wow...You've never done that before.'

I look down at the wet spot on the bed. I pushed my hips into her, fucking her pussy.

Jitu: Look at you baby. My cock is balls deep in your pussy and slapping to your clit...You certainly are a nasty girl...

Tina: Now I want you to cum baby. Cum inside my pussy... All over my pussy...Ohhhhhhhhhh... I need your cum baby. Please... give it to me... I need your cock juice, fill my pussy with it...

Jitu: Ahhhhh... Ohhhhh...my God... Damn, fuck... You're gonna make me cum so hard!...

Tina: That's it baby milk that dick. Ahhhh... Ohhhh... fuck!...I can feel your cock throbbing and throbbing...Exploding with all of your hot creamy cum. It's hitting the back of my cevix...

Jitu: Ahhhh...Take it all down inside your hot pussy baby... Take all of your man's cum... Yes baby! Just like that... take every last drop... I bet...if you were not already pregnant, I would have impregnated you two more times with my fertile baby maker...

Tina: Yes...baby...no doubt on that...your dick is still throbbing and draining each and every last drop into my already occupied pussy...now you reclaimed your pussy...umhaaaaaaaaa...Umhaaaaaaaaaa...

She put wet pecks on my lips. We both collapsed again for the second time that night onto the bed totally worn out.

The End!