 The day’s sun and fun had paid it’s toll on us, we had joked and flirted with sexual innuendoes all day, and absolutely planed on fulfilling them when we got home, but there we were - sacked out on the couch, rubbing each other’s feet, that intimate act of touching, feeling, soothing, and soon we were both asleep to the droning of the Television,  singing it’s lullaby of gibberish to us.

 I woke up, not really with a start, just one of those things, when you know that your neck will have the worst crick in it if you do not move, and with your feet still in my hands, on my chest there was really no place to move.  I rolled off the couch and stretched - my arms reaching toward the ceiling.  POP - POP - there went my back and one hip, ahhhhhh that felt good, nothing like the release of that tension.  I would love to release some more, as I see you sleeping there, so quite, so beautiful, I just adore the shape of your lips, the curve of your eyebrows, the way you breath -- softly - you are so seductive, your lips gently parted, lips glistening with the blue light of the Television, I know you were having dreams of something delicious , because you must of just licked those lips, they are so Kiss-able.  I know I have to wake you, but I need that kiss too, so I lean down to kiss you , and your begin to wake up, and stretch.  You are like a cat, squirming over the couch, my lips never off yours - you not pushing it away, liking the gentle pressure that is there - maybe you were even thinking of kissing me before you woke up - but you can’t really talk, you are not that awake yet.  I stand up, and you put your hands out for me, -- I know you would love for me to pick you up and heave you over my shoulder  - and toss you into the bed.  I am too sleepy for that myself tonight, and our bed could not take that either.  I laugh to myself remembering how the bed collapsed under us while making love, not one time but a couple different times - sort of puts you out of the mood, but as I recall - we never stopped, that animal lust thing I guess - the heat that our loving makes, drives all thoughts from our head - that we need to feel the height of the passion, and just part of the way up that mountain for either of us will not work.  So you held onto the tilted bed, and I just readjusted my position so that I was actually leveraging the angle of the bed  - to drive my thrusts deeper in you, my snarls and growls just close at hand, your hands, morph-ing into claws on the bed, holding on, knowing that there is no longer a man behind you - but a animal, a passionate being, driving you so that you can not think in thoughts any longer, just colors and moods, and splashes of images pass across your mind, you can not even hear your own moans - those moans that I hear that excite me even more.  

 No -- I will not break the bed again, It took me too long to fix it those last few times, and I really don’t want to sleep on a slanted mattress tonight - so I take your hands - and gently tug you onto your feet.

 We stumble into the bedroom, and I stretch out in my way,   laying on my back for a little while, before rolling over on my side and scooping  you up in my arms and sleeping as the fork slept with the spoon on that night that the cow jumped over the moon.  But I lay there collecting my thoughts, and your little hand reaches over and starts feeling that familiar territory to you, the face of that territory changes though  - right under the magic touch of your hand, growing, stretching and slowly coming to life,  -- the blood thickening those muscles - making the base hard, and soon - under the stroking of your hand, I become more fully erect.  You lean over with the other hand, and start running your finger nails through the forest of fur that covers my chest - but you find your way, though the over grown paths, and seek out your destination like a skilled explorer, and your fingers soon play over my nipple as well.  Soon your mouth starts moving over -- your teeth gently pulling on my nipples -- biting me - I know that your hand can feel how that makes my cock even harder for you -- you hand still working it’s magic on me.  You are loving the feeling, the power that my cock , hard as it is, gives to you, loving me, knowing that you will have that in you soon, for that is why you are loving on me, exciting me, your itch needs scratching huh?  

 I pull you over - knowing that I could feel this sensations that you are bringing to a slow boil in me for quite a while still, but also knowing that I love to please you, and it almost seems as if I am getting too much attention just focused on me.   I pull you on top of me, and I slide inside you so easily inside of you - but still I feel the sheath of you, still griping me, softer then your hand now, but still gentle strokes, the heat and the wetness envelops me. -- I reach with my neck - head up -- our foreheads touching, I know that our thoughts pass just from my head to yours when we are like this -- I feel your need your desire - there is no other thought then the pleasure of this union of our bodies -- of our souls - of our very beings.  I reach further still and with my hand squeezing and needing, your nipple now come into my mouth, my pinching lips, and teeth and tongue - giving you more sensations to swirl around in your head.  Your body leaned forward you push back -- you are the one driving me inside you -- feeling every inch - and slowly you pull your body up and sit straight down on me.  filled completely.  I laugh again to myself at the comment you made earlier in the day when I drove your car to the gas station and said that I was going to fill you up, and you giggled  - and said “you normally do”   I reach up my hands -- and your hands come behind mine - making my hands extensions of yours -- your guiding touch reminds me exactly how your want me to handle your breasts -- how I go to the nipple - then back out to the whole breasts -- manipulating the muscles that are there - the tender flesh, and I am mesmerized of the beauty of you -- then light filtered in strips of light coming through the window - the way your eyes are closed - shutting out any other distraction but the feeling of me in your body - on your body - touching, feeling, being.  Your hips are swaying forward and back - rolling keeping a movement of me inside you -- knowing that I am pleased you peek between partially shut eyes and see me just admiring you -- feeling the same feeling course through my body, and I see how you are now beyond me, beyond this bedroom, beyond reality - yes the first wave of your orgasm slowly slips over you and Crashes through your head - there is no better way to describe it then the sense of loss you feel of yourself when a wave of the ocean tosses you about, your body is reacting, it is out of your control - but I know that I am more in control now -- and that it is in my power to make those waves pick you up again and carry you to another orgasm -- I smile for it is the control of this, that I so enjoy, seeing you lose yours, knowing that you are safe with me, no guard needed - that you are just yourself -- being with me - just being.

 I roll you over -- with care that I do not remove myself form deep within you -- rolling into the next position for us, I detect a bit of a smile from you - perhaps you are happy that I am fully in control now - your Keeper - but perhaps it is from having a lover that is more then a single position man.  what ever the reason my  strokes vary a little, slow, and faster -- ahhhh -- you caught your breath when I went a little faster -- I find that stroke again, yes -- there it is, I hear your moan escape you -- your breathing - you have to think to breath -- it is not coming naturally -- yes -- this is the speed that you need -- and I feel your legs begin to quiver - as you cum again -- so quickly this time, from the faster strokes that I have in you -- but I do now slow down - as I keep the same pace through that orgasm -- stretching it out -- knowing that if I vary speed at this moment it will end your ride on this wave -- careful like the blonde, blue eyed boy that I am - careful to cut my surfboard over the top of that wave -- riding it as far as I can -- just keeping the weight at the crest - a bit ahead of the wave, having it push the board under me -- riding it through -- your legs quiver uncontrollably -- yes -- full control, but this ride is not over yet.  

But I feel my need growing in me -- to feel you  -- to feel myslef -- to feel me explode in you, I lift your legs up - pushing them together - then slowly dropping your feet onto my chest -- my cock now driving in deeper -- my balls slapping against your ass -- your wetness surrounding me, the smell of you flooding my senses -- you are all I am thinking of.  your legs drop a little more and cross almost like how you would cross them to sit Indian style.  I once remember reading in the Joy of sex that this is called the Oyster position, not easy to achieve, but the depth and the access that it provides - the restriction of movement that it pins you down into is all deliciously to me. and my strokes are harder now, feeling your cervix with the tip of my cock, I keep stabbing at you.  Yes -- I hear that breathing again -- I know that you are filled as much as you can take, and you are about to cum again for me, and as your moans mark the passage of another orgasm for you, I feel every pore in my body open up, if I was a wolf, all my hair would be standing on end, my cum is boiling and must be released, I reach for the bedpost in front of me - and now it is not stroking, or stabbing, it is actually slamming my whole body into you -- I think you are cumming around me, but actually I am in that moment that I myself am out of control -- I am releasing my seed into you, my self into you, I explode, and also join with you in that place of uncontrolled, unconditional, unreprochable love.  

I flop back, my heart trying to break out of my chest like in the song “Bat out of Hell”,   my breathing is that of a track runner when he is done, yes I exerted my whole self into that single act of love, that single act of sex, into that explosion that did not blow us apart - but which fused us together even more.  

 I reposition myself -- looking at you - now wondering if I should tie you up - and have even more fun with you!

 Kisses -- you like my thoughts of you?

 John