 I woke up to hear the sound of the shower running. Knowing how much Sherri likes it when I surprise her, I rose naked from the bed and entered the bathroom. Through the frosted glass of the shower door, I could make out the shape of her body as she rinsed out her long black hair. I slid the door of the shower open and stepped inside.

I took a moment to admire her slick wet body as she stood under the spray. She's only slightly shorter than me, about five foot six, with tanned skin and a voluptuous body. Her heavy breasts perfectly suit her frame, and her delicious curves glistened from the water. Her features are slightly exotic, almost Mediterranean.

She opened her dark eyes and smiled as she saw me. "Good morning sexy."

"Good morning yourself."

I took the bar of soap from her and lathered up my hands. Then I began soaping her up slowly, starting with her neck, moving my way down her chest to her breasts. I took my time, continuing to lather them long after it was necessary. She moaned softly, then gently pushed my hands away and took the soap for herself.

She repeated the process on me, soaping up my neck, down to my chest, but she continued on, soaping my stomach, down to my pelvis, before finally wrapping her soapy fingers around my hard cock.

"Is that for me?"

"You know it is."

We came together, and kissed tenderly. Our wet, soap covered bodies pressed tightly together as she continued to stroke me, and I ran my hands down her back to her ass. The kiss grew more heated as our arousal grew, and before long we were grinding into each other.

The kiss broke slowly, but we kept ourselves pressed tightly together. I reached and found the bar of soap, and ran it over the skin of her back and ass slowly. At the same time, I began to nibble on her ear, knowing how much it drives her crazy. Once I was finished with her back, I put the bar of soap down and ran my hand between her legs, making sure to get her completely clean.

She moaned even louder as my fingers began to work the lips of her pussy, then her clit. Her grip on my cock tightened, and she began stroking me harder. We kissed again, this time harder, with more urgency. She let go of me and reached over my shoulder, retrieving the shower head. Breaking apart and removing my hand, she dropped to her knees. 

Holding my cock gently on her palm, she took her time rinsing me off, from my neck, all the way down. When she was sure all the soap was gone, she looked up into my eyes and took me into her mouth. A groan escaped my lips as I slumped back slightly against the shower wall, feeling her work me over just the way she knows I like it. 

I placed my hand gently on the back of her head, guiding her slightly, and she moans around my cock. The vibrations from her throat drive me crazy, and she slows down a little, wanting to prolong our fun. I don't want to cum yet either, so I pull back from her and she stands back up. 

We came together again, bodies pressed tightly together as we kissed. I manoeuver my hips until my cock slid between her legs. Our hips began grinding and Sherri moaned as my shaft ran across her lips, teasing her. She began squirming, trying to get into a position where I could enter her, but whenever she got close, I would pull back, teasing her. 

When I thought she couldn't take much more, I pulled back and gently pressed her against the shower wall. Sliding to my knees, I pick up the shower head and bring it to her pussy. She moaned as the spray cleaned her of any excess soap, then moaned louder as I replaced the water with my tongue. I lick her outer lips gently, teasing her, feeling her body quiver from my attentions.

Becoming more insistent, her hand found the back of my head and pressed my face into her. My tongue finds her clit, and I flick at it lightly. Her hand pressed my head even harder, and my tongue became more insistent, lashing at her, then pressing hard and grinding. I know how much she loves it when I do this, and soon her hips were grinding erratically, and her moans were becoming louder, echoing in the closed in space.

Gently, I slid a finger insider her, then a second, as I kept working her clit over with my tongue. My fingers began probing gently, searching out the spot I know will set her off. She was completely slumped against the shower wall now, hips gyrating, and I knew it wouldn't be long until my efforts were rewarded.

I found the spot I was looking for, I could tell from the way her hips suddenly changed their motion. I began to massage it with my fingers, while once again pressing my tongue hard against her clit, grinding it. She began to shudder and shake, her hand now pressing me into her harder than before. 

Finally she let out a loud yell, and I can taste the rush of her juices as they flow out of her. Her muscles contracted around my fingers, And her entire body pressed down against me. I used my other hand to brace her as she climaxed. Finally, with a shudder, she relaxed, and when I removed my hands, she slumped down with me on the floor of the shower.

We embraced tenderly, her head resting on my shoulder. Her breathing slowly returned to normal as I gently caressed her back. At some point, she must have felt my hard cock poking at her, because she took it into her hand, looked at me and grinned.

"Someone still wants to play."

I just grinned as she began stroking me, and we kissed again. Before long she was starting to get worked up again. My hand has stroking the underside of her breast, my fingers occasionally moving up to lightly pinch her nipple. She released me and broke our kiss, then stood up.

"Come up here and fuck me."

I wasted no time in rising, and soon Sherri was bent at the waist, holding the safety bar. I moved behind her and ran my cock up her thigh, and between her legs. I stroked her lips with my shaft, teasing her before she gave in, reached down and placed me at her entrance. I entered her in one long slow push. She pushed back into me, and we both groaned as I filled her.

I let her set the pace, and she began slowly rocking back and forth onto me. I could feel her muscles gripping and squeezing me every time she started to pull away. Before long she started moving faster, and my own hips started moving into her. I gripped her hips in my hands, and soon we had a steady rhythm going, her moving forward, then me pulling her back onto me.

"Mmmm, fuck me harder. I love the feel of your cock pounding into me."

"Your pussy is so tight, I can feel the muscles trying to milk the cum from me."

We were really starting to work ourselves into a frenzy, but I decided I wanted to see her face when I came, look into her eyes. I pulled out, and before she could protest, turned her around. I pushed her against the wall and she got the idea, lifting a leg to give me easier access. She wrapped her arms around my neck as I entered her again, and wrapped her leg around my waist. As I thrust up into her, we kissed passionately.

Every time I thrust, she would slam into the shower wall behind her, and the sound echoed throughout the bathroom. Soon she had both legs wrapped around my waist, and I was holding her up, pinned to the wall, while she slid herself up and down on me with her thighs. She could tell I was getting close and started to encourage me.

"Mmm, come on lover, I want to feel you cum inside me."

She knew it drove me crazy when she talked like that. She put her head right next to my ear and started riding me faster.

"Your big cock feels so good deep inside me. Now I want to feel you shoot. I want to milk your balls with my cunt."

I could feel myself getting close, and held her even tighter. My motions were becoming more erratic, and she could tell it wouldn't be more than a few more seconds.

"God your cock feels good. I'm going to cum lover, cum with me, fill me up with your seed!"

My balls tightened and my brain felt like it was imploding. Sherri had stopped talking and was moaning louder now, and I could tell she was about to cum. I turned my head and kissed her hard as I felt the cum shoot up my shaft and explode inside her. 


As soon as I came, Sherri's legs clamped hard around me, and she moaned into my mouth. Her pussy went into overdrive, trying to milk each drop of cum from me. We shuddered into each other, maintaining the kiss as we both felt simultaneous release. As we started to come down from the high, I slid to the floor of the tub, bringing her down with me.

I sat with my back against the side of the tub, Sherri sitting in my lap, as I shrank and slipped out of her. She mumbled her disappointment at the withdrawal, and held onto me even tighter. I kissed her neck softly and stroked her hair. We held each other close, feeling the spray from the shower head laying next to us soak our bodies.

Eventually, we separated and stood, and I picked up the shower head and rinsed her clean. She returned the favour and we cuddled and kissed softly after she had returned it to it's rack. I shut off the water, and we both stepped from the tub. Looking down, she noticed I had already started to grow half hard again.

"Hmmm, lets go back to bed." she said as she took my cock in her hand. She led me by it back into the bedroom, and still wet, climbed onto the bed. Needless to say we accomplished very little that day.