 Rich was excited about his new lover. It wasn’t just an affair – he was genuinely in love with this girl. It didn’t matter to him that Karen was a little overweight – to him she was the most beautiful woman that he had ever laid eyes on. She had beautiful brown eyes, soft tanned skin, huge breasts, and long legs. Her ass was big, but beautiful, and she had a bit of a belly, but he loved every ounce of her. She was 5’3 165 pounds. She was in her early twenties, had four children and a fiancé, but Karen was the best sex that he had ever experienced. She was incredible! What she said, what she did…incredible!

Jake had taken the four kids away to his parents house on Thursday, and was coming back Saturday around noonish. Rich had spent the better part of the last day and half at Jake’s house – fucking the shit out of Karen. They couldn’t help it. The sexual bond that they shared, the chemistry that they had, was like no other. He constantly wanted to be inside her, and she constantly wanted him inside her. When she fucked Jake, she pictured Rich. When Rich fucked Jen (his fiancé), he pictured Karen. To break up with their respective fiancés would be too complicated and difficult. To end their affair was equally difficult. So for now they did the easy thing and just fucked.

He was driving to her house. It was around quarter past nine and she wasn’t expecting him. He figured he could surprise her, have fun with her, and be gone by 10:30 – in plenty of time before Jake gets home. To be safe, Rich parked down the road and walked to her front door. It was locked, of course. He figured she would still be in bed. He knew just how to wake her up. He felt above the doorframe, remembering something she had said the other day about a spare key. Sure enough, it was there. He opened the door, replaced the key, and quietly entered. He took off her shoes and carried them with him – you never know if you need a quick escape! He crept into her room. There she was. His heart soared and he felt himself grow hard as a rock in his jeans.

Sunlight spilled through the window and onto the bed. He could hear her soft breathing as she slept. Her face looked so calm, in clear view since her hair was back in a ponytail. Without a doubt, Karen was the prettiest woman he had ever seen. She was under a single sheet, the rest of the covers were thrown aside. Rich quietly stripped, taking off his pants, underwear, shirt and socks, leaving them in a heap on the floor. His cock was at full attention, sticking straight up in the air. 

He took the sheet and slowly moved it off her shoulders. As soon as he put a leg on the bed, Karen stirred. As he lay down beside her, she opened her eyes.

"Good morning, beautiful." He said, smiling. She had a shocked and worried look on her face, yet there was also extreme happiness. 

"What time is it?" She looked up at the clock and all the worry left her face. What was left was pure joy, arousal, and happiness. She smiled at him and he kissed her lips softly. 

"What are you doing here?" She asked. 

"I thought, since it was early, I would come and say goodbye before I left town." Rich placed his hand on her hip as she rolled further onto her side to face him. Her pussy was tingling by now, and she could feel herself becoming a little moist. Her body's instinct was kicking in, telling her that it desperately wanted this man's penis inside it. 

"Are you glad?" He asked. She smiled at him, kissing him soundly. She placed a bare foot up on his leg under the sheet and gently caressed him. 

"Very." She replied. "Jake will be home by noon, he said. So you should probably leave by 11 or so. Just to be sure." She loved how his hand felt softly stroking the outside of her thigh, and the buzzing in her crotch grew stronger. 

Rich threw the covers off of them and rolled Karen onto her back. He tried to force his tongue inside her mouth as his hand slid over her smooth thigh to her crotch. Karen could feel his hard member brush against her leg, and tingles shot up her spine at the sensation. He could see that she was wearing black cotton panties. She stopped him from kissing her. 

"I have morning breath, you might not want to do that." She protested. "Let me brush my teeth." 

"Who cares?" Rich replied, kissing her again. Morning breath went away in seconds once you got used to it, he didn't care about that. He just wanted this woman one more time before he left. His hand went down between her legs and she opened them for him. He could clearly feel her swollen pussy lips through the cotton, and he rubbed her there.

"Ohhhh..." she moaned into his mouth, allowing his tongue to enter. She grinded her crotch against his hand as she sent her tongue into his mouth. They kissed passionately as he placed his fingers at one side of her panties. He slowly eased them out of the way, and his fingers found her bare slit. He could tell that she was wet already, even though she hadn't been awake more than a few minutes. 

Rich slowly ran a finger up and down Karen's moist, sensitive slit. She moaned into his mouth again as bolts of electricity shot up her body. He found her tiny little button and she gasped as his finger tickled it. 

Karen could feel the stirrings of an orgasm as her lover continued to manipulate her clitoris. Her tongue danced in his mouth as she humped her hips up off the bed. 

Rich loved it. She was getting wetter by the second, and she was really going wild with her kissing. Her arms were around his neck and her hands were playing with his hair roughly. He couldn't stand it; he had to be inside this beautiful woman. 

Suddenly, he stopped, breaking the kiss. He grabbed the elastic of her panties and tugged downward. She eagerly raised her ass up off the bed and allowed him to slide her panties down her sexy legs, revealing the treasure trail of her bush and the pink lips of her needy cunt. She pulled first one foot out of them and then the other, becoming naked from the waist down.

He squeezed a leg between hers, and Karen found herself opening her sexy legs wider and allowing her lover in between them. His mouth covered hers and he kissed her passionately, his tongue dancing with hers as they grinded their naked organs against one another. He was conscious of her sopping wet slit rubbing against his pole. She was conscious of his rock hard member pressing against her slit as they teased each other. 

“Mmmph…” Karen moaned into his mouth, her fingernails tracing up and down his back. She ran her toes up and down the outside of his legs as he continued to rub his rock hard manhood against her needy treasure. She was raising her crotch higher in the air, trying desperately to catch the top of his penis. Rich was rubbing further and further back, loving how hot the lips of her pussy were as they ran along his pole. Finally, the entrance to her pussy caught the head of his cock and held it. He slipped inside her, half of his penis sliding into the comfort of her vagina.

“Ohhh!” She gasped, breaking the kiss. Her head was thrown back a little in ecstasy as she felt her pussy stretch wide for him. Her eyes were closed and her eyebrows were raised as she felt him push more of himself inside her. Rich pulled out of her a little, and then slowly forced his entire penis into Karen’s hungry vagina.

“Ohhh yesss!” She breathed, smiling. Her eyes opened and she looked at him. Her eyes were so beautiful, so captivating that he nearly shot his load inside her right then and there.

“God I love you.” He said, cherishing the feeling of her tight, warm pussy gripping the length of his rock hard cock. Before she could answer, his mouth covered hers again, and they kissed urgently as he began to slide in and out of her. She purred, still kissing him as he entered her over and over. Karen was scratching at his back and her feet were up in the air, increasing the sensation. It felt wonderful.

What a way to wake up in the morning! They rubbed their tongues against each other as his long penis glided along the walls of her vagina. She could feel every inch of him enter her over and over again. She was moaning into his mouth, writhing her crotch up into the air to meet his thrusts.

He didn’t think he would last long. He should have jerked off before he got there! This woman was absolutely fantastic. The way she moved. The way she looked. The way she sounded. He hadn’t even been inside her for ten minutes and he could already feel his balls heat up. He broke the kiss, fucking her harder. 

Karen’s hands slipped down to his waist, guiding him into her. The buzzing sensation that was in her crotch had expanded to her entire body, and she, too, could feel an orgasm approach. 

“Unh! Unh! Ohhh yes! Ohh! Unh! Ohh God! Unh!” Karen was moaning, eyes closed as Rich fed her his manhood. Her pussy felt so hot around him, he was in complete ecstasy. He couldn’t take it anymore. Hell, he could always fuck her again! He couldn’t stop the orgasm that was on its way! “Ohhh my God, Karen…I’m gonna cum!” Rich gasped, his rock hard cock pistoning in and out of her hungry cunt. Thrills went up her body at his words.

“Give it to me!” She managed to cry out before an orgasm slammed into her. Her entire body tensed up, and she let out a long moan. Her body grew fiery hot, and her muscles were straining. She could feel his hard pole jam inside her and stay there as her vagina convulsed around him. In tune with every inch of her body, Karen could feel Rich’s penis swell up inside her and then pulsate. She knew that he was firing a thick load of his hot seed into her. Shaking beneath him, and gasping for breath, she instinctively wrapped her legs around him and held him tight as they climaxed together.

The inner walls of her pussy were squeezing and releasing his organ as she came hard. At the same time, Rich fired more of his semen off the back of Karen’s vagina. He was moaning, dick still twitching inside her, filling her needy hole with his cum. Her legs relaxed around him as her orgasm subsided. His ejaculation slowed to a trickle, and he collapsed on her. 

“Oh my God!” He moaned, gasping for breath. “I’m sorry about that! I couldn’t help it!” He was a little embarrassed about cumming so quickly. The last of his sperm dripped into her.

“That’s okay,” she smiled her beautiful smile, “ten minutes ain’t that bad! Besides…” she looked at the clock. It was almost ten. “We still have time for another!”

He was hoping she would say that, and he smiled at her. He was conscious of Karen’s warm pussy wrapped snugly around his semi-hard penis. 

“Crawl up here.” She ordered. “Let’s see if I can get you hard again!”

Rich smiled, and pulled his penis out of her body. As he straddled her legs, Karen grabbed her shirt and pulled it up over her breasts. Her huge tits shook as she pulled her shirt over her head and off, becoming naked for him. He crawled up her body until he was straddling her chest, his cock already having grown pretty hard!

She opened her mouth as he rested his shaft on her chin. Her hand reached up and grabbed his manhood, dipping the head down into her open mouth. She closed her lips around it, sucking softly on the top third of his penis. She looked up at him with her beautiful eyes, raising her head higher so she could take more of him in her mouth. He watched her lips slide further down his pole until they were wrapped around the base. She began to slide her mouth up and down his rock hard cock, slurping sloppily on it as she eagerly gave him head.

Rich grabbed the back of her head with both hands, pulling on her hair a little (which was still in a pony tail). ‘Slurp slurp slurp slurp’ she sucked loudly on his dick, her lips were so gentle they felt like a pussy. Her tongue would tease over his sensitive head every time he withdrew. She loved how hard his penis felt in her mouth, and how it banged off the back each time she slid her lips down it.

She was so pretty. Rich had fallen in love with that beautiful face, and he couldn’t take it any more. He had to kiss her! He slid his manhood out of her mouth with and audible ‘slurp’, and quickly lay on top of her again, his lips finding hers. They kissed passionately, tongues immediately exploring. She opened her legs and allowed him in between them. They began to grind their crotches against each other, as their kissing grew more urgent. Her fingers were gently clawing at his back as she felt him press his shaft against her need cunt.

He broke away and began to slowly kiss down her neck. Karen looked upwards, giving her neck to him, and loving how it felt to have his mouth caress her skin in that way. He kissed down her chest and up the slope of her breasts. His tongue snaked out and slowly licked around her areola. He teased over her nipple gently before wrapping his lips around it. She sighed, her hands running through his hair as he sucked her sensitive nipple. He kissed over to her other breast and sucked that nipple into his mouth, his hand grabbing and caressing the first one. He could feel how hard her nipple was in his hand, a sharp contrast to the cushy softness of the breast itself.

Tingles went up Karen’s spine as she watched him continue kissing down her belly. Her legs subtly parted wider for him as she watched his tongue dart out and lick her belly button. He got in between her open legs as he kissed over her soft, lovely stomach. He kissed over the treasure trail of her pubic hair, the scent of her arousal becoming strong in his nostrils. He kissed the swollen lips of her pussy, causing them to quiver. She gasped.

Rich placed a thumb on either side of the petals of her cunt and spread them apart, exposing the pink of her wonderful treasure. At the bottom of Karen’s pussy, he could see a pool of pearly white cum – his cum. It turned him on to no end knowing that a part of him was inside this beautiful woman. His tongue snaked out and he licked at her exposed clitoris.

“Ohhh God!” She cried out, shuddering. Her naked chest was heaving as she watched him between her thighs. His tongue slowly teased around her tiny button, and she squirmed beneath him. Suddenly, he sucked it into his mouth, keeping his lips around it and running his tongue back and forth across it. She gasped, toes curling as electricity shot up her body. He slid his hands under her ass as she began to writhe up off the bed. He had trouble keeping her clit in his mouth, and was forced to release it. 

However, he continued to lash at it rapidly with his tongue, driving her closer to the edge. She was moaning, and she grabbed at his head with both hands, forcing him into her pussy. His tongue licked over her button as fast as it could.

“Ohhhhhh…” she groaned, the tingles in her crotch exploding throughout her body. She was rubbing her cunt up against his face as he lapped her sensitive clit. Her heart was pounding as she came violently. Finally, unable to take it anymore, she released his head. He kissed her pussy one more time, smiling. He looked up at her, over her stomach, and her huge breasts. She was panting heavily, trying to recover. He kissed the inside of each of her thighs, and began to kiss down her leg as she recovered. He kissed down over her knee and quickly down her shin to her tanned foot. 

Karen could only watch as Rich grabbed her foot in his hands and raised it to his face. He kissed lovingly over top of it, and along the inside. He kissed each one of her toes, before sucking the big one into his mouth. She smiled at him, still gasping for breath as she watched him suck her toe. 

“Flip over.” He ordered, pulling her toe out of his mouth. Her pussy began to tingle again with excitement. She quickly obeyed, rolling her naked body onto her stomach. A small moan of desire escaped his lips at the sight of her tanned, beautifully plump body. He wished that he could worship it all day. He kissed the bottom of each of her feet, and began to rain kisses up the calf of her right one. He kissed behind her knee, and quickly kissed up the back of her thigh. She subtly parted her legs further for him, allowing him access to her pussy. He could see the pink emerge from between her thighs, but his target was higher up. Her ass. He took a quick look at the clock. It was 10:17. He had initially planned to be gone by 10:30, but what the hell!

Rich kissed her gorgeous ass. His hands grabbed her cheeks and squeezed them, spreading them apart as he continued kissing them. Karen closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of her lover worshipping her ass. She could feel him kissing all over it, spreading her cheeks and kissing closer and closer to her crack. She suddenly felt a strong urge to have him back inside her there. They had done it before, and with him it felt incredible.

He kissed just inside the crack of her ass, spreading it a little wider. He could clearly see her tight little asshole, and he became even more turned on. His tongue snaked out and he slowly licked the skin from her pussy up into the crack of her ass. When he reached her asshole, he circled it, teasing her. He could hear her sigh above him, and he slipped his tongue into her anus.

“Mmmm…” she moaned. He squeezed her cheeks tight, forcing his tongue further into her asshole. The more he played with her down there, the more she found herself wanting anal sex. Rich kissed each of Karen’s ass cheeks, and then licked up her crack once again, circling her asshole with his tongue. He knew he had to stop. He knew he was running out of time – but he just loved her ass!

Eventually, however, he managed to pull himself away. Giving her ass one more kiss, he began kissing his way up her back. She had her head resting on her arms as she felt him slowly kiss up her spine. She smiled, excitedly. She knew that he would soon be back inside her – where he belonged.

He moved her hair out of her face with his hand, and she felt him rest his shaft between the cheeks of her bum. Her head was turned to the side, and his lips found hers, kissing her softly. Their kissing grew more passionate as he began to slide his dick between her cheeks. The friction was really feeling good, but he needed to be back inside this woman.

He pulled his hips back a little more this time, and the head of his manhood slipped down, finding her wetness. He slipped into her part way, her warm pussy gobbling him up inch by inch. He continued pushing until his entire penis was in her tight, warm vagina.

“Ohhhh…” Karen moaned, breaking the kiss as she felt his thick pole slip up into her. She opened her eyes and looked at him. “I love you, Rich.” She breathed.

“I love you, too.” He returned, cherishing the feeling of his entire cock engulfed in heat. She broke into a beautiful smile. She stuck out her tongue, playfully, and he stuck his out as well. They touched tongues, rubbing them against one another as his hands caressed up the soft skin of her arms. His hands found the back of hers and he slipped his fingers in between hers. He squeezed her hands lovingly, stretching them above their heads as their tongues continued to dance. 

She withdrew her tongue and sucked his tongue into her mouth, running her lips up and down it as if she was giving a blowjob. He rested his feet on the back of her feet and he began to subtly slide in and out of her. He was moving slow, and his strokes were short, but he could not help but make love to this woman. She stuck her tongue out of her mouth expectantly, and he sucked on it. As minor as it was, this was the first time that they had done something like this. Something intimate but playful, and it turned the two of them on to no extent. Rich continued to suck on Karen’s tongue as his penis moved slightly in and out of her. 

Besides the intoxicating sensation of her warm pussy gripping his organ, he loved how her naked ass cheeks felt pressed against his groin as he rubbed against it. He loved how the bottom of her feet felt against the top of his. He loved how, when his hands covered hers, she squeezed his fingers. Rich stopped sucking her tongue, and the two of them turned it into a passionate kiss, with both of their tongues exploring. They were breathing laboriously in each other’s mouths as he began to slide his pole in and out of her a little faster. She was starting to rock her ass upwards against him, encouraging him. It was feeling so good; his rod was sticking into her so deep! They broke the kiss.
