 Thomas woke up and rolled out of bed, sitting down on the bed and wiping his face with his hands. He turned and saw Harleigh on her back, her head turned away from him and her breasts exposed just above the sheets. He smiled and decided to head to the shower to wash off a bit and try to wake up. He turned on the water and got it just the way he liked it, then climbed inside and began to wash off.

He was startled as the curtain was pushed aside, and a big, tall redhead looked at him with a wry smile. "Naughty man, starting a shower without me!," she mocked as she stepped into the shower and kissed his lips. She ran her hands down his chest and down to his cock, which was perking up with the female intrusion. "Hmmm...I think someone wants some attention!," she purred and kneeled down and began to take his cock into her mouth.

He leaned back against the wall of the shower as her tongue and her mouth worked wonders on his manhood. His legs spread apart, and she sat down on the side of the tub to rest her knees. She sent a hand to his balls and massaged them as she sucked slowly on his cock, which was getting rock hard again. "Man, I loved the way you felt in my ass last night, but my pussy needs some attention!, she moaned as she spoke to his cock. He smiled and reached down to lift her head up to look into his eyes. She stood up and kissed him on the lips again, and he turned her around so her back was pressed on the wall opposite the shower.

He lifted one leg and had her foot rest on the side of the tub. He didn't waste anytime with foreplay, and slid his cock inside her already wet pussy. She grasped the towel bar above her and put her other foot on the other side of the tub, giving him plenty of access to her moist, hot box. He leaned back and grasped her hips, pistoning hard into her and watching as she threw back her head, moaning in pleasure. His lips found her breasts and he sucked on her tits, biting her nipples as he slowed the thrusting, concentrating on extending the moment.

Harleigh pressed him against her and she cried out, "I'm about to come!" He grasped her shoulders and kissed her hard as he pounded her pussy relentlessly, feeling the heat build between them as well as the orgasm inside of her. She came hard, and he smiled as her head threw back as the orgasm took her hard.

He slowed down and waited until the final waves passed over her. She looked up and noticed that the showerhead was detachable, and mentioned it to Thomas. Thomas smiled and said, "We'd better lather up, because we'll need the lubrication for where I want to go!" So he wetted her down and lathered her up good, taking the time to fondle every part of her body.

Thomas turned around and gave her the sponge, letting her run her hands and the sponge all over his body. She leisurely lathered him up, giving special attention to his cock. Once it was lathered up nicely, she whispered into his ear, "I think I'm ready for your cock!"

She bent down and placed one foot on the side of the tub, and he took the sponge and soaped up her anus, sliding in a finger to try and prime her. She shook her head and said, "Just go ahead and put it in!" He smiled and pressed the head of his cock against her anus, pressing it slowly inside her ass. She moaned in pain and then pleasure as her hand reached back behind his head and pressed his face against her shoulder. He worked his cock deeper inside her until it was completely inside, then slowly worked it inside and out.

Once she was getting used to the cock in her ass again, he grabbed the showerhead and ran it down her body, making his way with it to her pussy, and he fiddled with the showerhead to find the right spray to titlate her clit and pussy. Her hand pressed on his arm when he found the right spot and he increased his thrusts into her ass. "Lemme have it, baby! I want you to fuck my ass HARD!," she cried, and he let her take possession of the showerhead. He grasped her hard and began to thrust her down to meet his ascending cock, and he became a man possessed to come hard inside her ass at the same time as she came.

Suddenly, the water ran cold, and the sensation of the cold water hitting her pussy and clit was too much and it sent her over the edge. He felt it too and the surprise of the ice cold water hitting his balls compelled him to come inside her ass. She reached down and turned off the water, with his cock still inside her. She leaned down on the shower wall, resting from the exertion of the lovemaking. "God, baby, you are so good!"

Thomas leaned down and kissed her at the base of her neck. "What say we take a little break and when the hot water comes back, we get washed up and head out to the park? Me thinks we could find a nice little private spot where we could do some very naughty things with each other!"

Harleigh smiled and said, "I love the way you think!" She walked out, and he endured the cold water to clean off his cock. They made their way back onto the bed and waited for about a half-hour so the hot water had built back up.