 Sitting in the dimly lit room of my home office with only the bitter glow of the monitor lighting my way I gazed out the window at the falling rain...my thoughts sliding into him. Chuckling to myself. I don't know how it began...but every time the rain begins to plummet from the heavens I think of him. The way he comes to me -- just appearing -- pulling me through to the other side. I get lost in the reality of him and the unknown. My thoughts anchored, harboring in my heart.

Looking down at the over sized Tag on my left wrist, 2200 hours...seems like just minutes ago instead of the hours, that I was walking through Digi-Cop-Land-Headquarters, pausing briefly outside Commander Stargirl's office to grab a cup of coffee, thicker then the vapor that roamed the city tonight, plopping myself down in a chair opposite her desk.

"Damn it La Fay," Star hissed "When was the last time you slept? You look like hell. Go home, eat something and for Christ sakes, and get some rest, I don't want to see you until 900 hours tomorrow - that's an order."

I left the wretched coffee on the edge of her desk, eased my way down the hall, hopped in to my unmarked vehicle, sunglasses covering the dark circles under my eyes, threw the car into gear and drove home.

Listening to the rain tapping down on the windows now, I pushed myself away from my desk, rubbing away at the sleep that called to me, crossing the room, Jersey my chocolate lab lifted her head briefly watching me, slipping into my worn leather jacket and headed outside to clear my head. Opting for my own car, I slipped behind the wheel of my Saab, cruised down the street in the direction of Syd's. Moments later I slowed the car down shifting into second...pausing, from the looks of the gathering of cars outside Syd's I could see all the regulars were there tonight, the heavy door swung open as more trickled inside, through the open door I could see Glenda behind the bar and Perky sauntering across the room with a tray of drinks in hand, Detective Logan's unmarked vehicle in his regular parking spot --- No Parking Zone. 

Accelerating I shifted quickly into third, cruising down the street for a different comfort tonight. A few blocks away "Mother's" sat. An old family Irish pup. Parking my car outside I swung open the heavy oak door, rich smells hit me hard. I clutched at the rising ache in my stomach. Patrick O'Malley was busy at work behind the bar when he saw me.

"Well good heavens, look at you child! Joey!" He hollered through the adjoining kitchen door at his brother, "The Good Lieutenant is here to see us!" His rosy cheeks grinned at me, "How are you darlin?" A faint echo of his Irish accent swimming around me.

"I'm doing ok Patty," a wearisome smile flirted on my lips.

"Well love, you look like hell," he leaned back once more to yell through the door, "Joey! Bring a bowl of stew for Morgaine," pouring me a fresh cup of coffee, he placed it along side the steaming bowl, "there, you eat that now." His old eyes twinkling at me, he knew just what I had needed.

"Thanks Patty," I whispered, secretly wishing everyone would stop telling me I look like hell today...Absently I spooned at the rich broth full of vegetables, spices and meat - the rumble in the pit of my stomach growing silent after the first few bites.

Old-Blue-Eyes sang out from a little old fashioned radio positioned behind the bar. Joey and Patty were constantly arguing over who was better...Frank or Tony? It was a sure thing...you were going to listen to one of the greats while you were at Mother's. From my place at the cherry wood bar I could hear balls cracking and sinking from the pool tables in the back. At the far end of the bar regulars were parked in the same corner they had sat at for the last 30 years. Drinking their whiskey and beer and telling their fine tales. I laughed to myself, thinking on how those stories change just a little bit every time they were retold, but they were good ones all the same.

Finishing the last of the stew, I went behind the bar, placed a few bills in Patty's hand kissing him on the cheek, walking through the kitchen door to say good night to Joey and thank him for the hospitality.

"Hey Joey, thanks for the bite to eat..." my eyes roaming around the kitchen as I made my way around the corner to where Joey was cleaning things up.

"Hey Lieutenant, come on in darling."

I smiled as he turned around to greet me, halting in mid step, on the other side of the kitchen opposite of Joey, He sat on the counter top. A dinner plate in his hands, a soda resting next to him. 

"Hi..." render speechless. 

"La Fay, " He smiled over at me, utterly relaxed with our fluke run in. 

"You two know each other?" Joey asked waving a spatula in the air between us.

"Yeah --- we know each other, don't we La Fay?" A cocky smile I had never seen before, teasing me taking pleasure in my obvious discomfort.

I could feel my face flush, imagining it turning a deep shade of scarlet, I failed to meet his eyes. "Hey Joey, I need to get home, thanks for dinner." I leaned over hugging him. Turning on my heel almost safely out of the kitchen when I heard his feet hit the floor, a plate being placed in the dishwasher.

"Hey Lieutenant, give me a lift home?" I stopped on the other side of the bar, slipping my leather jacket on, with a nod of my head I waved good night to Patty.

The rain was still coming down outside, with a quick press of a button I disarmed the alarm and unlocked the doors, we climbed in, the rain echoing off the hood of the car. I clenched the steering wheel with both hands, exhaling, I inserted the key in the ignition between the two leather seats, he placed a warm hand on top of mine before I could turn the key.

Turning to me in his seat, he cupped my chin in his hand, slowly I raised my eyes to meet his, he smiled softly at me now. Tracing the outline of my lips with his thumb, I shook as I turned the key starting the car.

Turning into traffic I headed up town around the park. New York cabbies darted in and out of traffic like a lovers midnight tango. Leaning his head back, relaxing, one arm stretch behind my seat, his hand resting behind my head, he stoked my hair, I could feel his eyes on me as I drove. He tucked a loose strand of hair behind my ear, lightly touching my cheek, I glanced over at him through the corner of my eye, he was staring at me so intently.

A bit flustered and nervous in his presence, not all sure of my feelings, I started to laugh, "Stop it. Just stop staring at me like that."

I pulled up along side his building shutting the engine off, I turned in my seat smiling at him.

"Your tired La Fay, come inside with me." He whispered.

I laughed lightly at his request, "And you think I will be able to sleep in there?" I motioned to his apartment building.

He removed my key from the ignition, opened his door and got out of the car, I followed behind him into his building. The door man nodding at us as we waited for the elevator to arrive. Stepping inside I stood in the center, the doors closing in a hush movement. I watched him as he leaned across me, pressing 8 for his floor. We rode up the 8 floors in silence. 

Stepping off the elevator he let us into his apartment, setting my keys on a near by table I bee-lined for the living room, tossing my leather jacket on the sofa, I stood in front of the terrace windows watching the nights activities below. Reaching down I picked up the little black kitty that was busy wrapping him self around my feet, he nuzzled his head under my chin, his purr vibrating through to me.

I watched his reflection through the windows as he came to me, the easiness of his stride, he stood behind me, his hands coming to rest on my hips pulling me back against him, setting the cat down, I leaned back into him, exhaling, closing my eyes. Resting my head back on his shoulder feeling his warm breath on my neck now, sighing sweetly as he took me by the arm, leading me down the dark hall into his bedroom.

Two taper white candles flickered atop a bedside table, a soft scent filling the room. Waves of flames flashed over his eyes as he stood in front of me, a chill roamed up my spine. He stepped closer to me, his lips lightly grazing my ear, reaching around to the shoulder holster snuggly strapped on, one hand expertly unfastening it, gently placing it aside. I watched as his hands came up to my shirt, slowly unbuttoning, pulling it free from my waistband, velcro straps ripping free from my vest, the sound of my pants being unzipped echoing in my ears, I shook slightly, charmed by his eyes. I let my self be eased down on to the edge of the bed now as he gently slid my pants down over my legs, pulling my boots off. Hands briefly running up the length of my legs, captivated by his touch. 

I pushed myself back on to the center of the bed, the feathery down comforter billowing around me, totally aware now that I sat before him clad in a gossamer white bra and thong. Completely vulnerable to him. I watched as he retrieved a bottle of massage oil from the bedside table kneeling now at the end of the bed. He poured a small amount of oil into his hands, warming it between his palms. Taking one of my ankles in his hands he slowly began to work. Fingers leisurely circling around my calf, in his eyes I saw such concentration, his focus on mutual pleasure.

Fingers rolling over tired muscles, delight speared through me. Reclining back onto my elbows, my body liquefying --- rendering to him . A low throaty moan slipped passed my lips as two hands peaked my upper thighs, kneading at the soft inner flesh. My head hit the mountain of pillows behind me, closing my eyes, a whimper rumbling in my chest. My own hands sliding down the length of my stomach, fingertips resting on my hips, toying with the tiny straps of my sheer panties, wrapping one nail around the thin material trying to control the mounting excitement that washed over me.

My thoughts spinning out of control as hands gripped my upper thighs, feeling warm breath on my leg. The case I was working on...the stack of paper work piled on my desk at Digi-Cop-Land Headquarters...everything spiraling into a cyclone storm -- The days events -- all reasoning thoughts out the door. Strong hands moving up my hips, fingertips touching fingertips meeting under delicate straps. A hot ache stirred, reverberating inside me, biting my lip, feeling the wetness between my legs now.

The sound of the rain tapping against the windows played music through the room, dark and enigmatic like. Hands lightly encircling my waist, traveling up my rib cage, I could almost sense them shaking as his hands blew a breeze over my breast, careful to not touch me there, his hesitation throbbing in the air. I wondered if he was as nervous as I was. Was the anticipation eating him alive as it did me now? Did he feel the same intense heat that overwhelmed me?

My breath weighing heavy on my chest now as I waited for his next touch, feeling the warmth of him near me, hovering above me, suddenly aware of the definite strings that tugged on my heart, I wondered if he was finished, surely he wasn't done, this wasn't over...