 Mother-in-law

My mother-in-law, Margaret, officially, but Marge or Margie to most people, and I always got along fairly well. I treated her decent and liked her cooking and her daughter was happy with me and I guess that was what she cared most about.

She had a small apartment on the first floor of the same building occupied by the family business. There were two bedrooms and a smaller apartment on the second floor and a quite large loft area on the third floor. When my wife, Glynda, and I were there we stayed in the small apartment. Our two daughters would use the separate bedrooms if they came down.

My wife's dad had died a couple of years before and I don't think many people missed him much. He didn't treat anybody very well, least of all his wife, son, and two daughters, and nobody's cooking was as good as his, and although he often said he could cook something better, he never volunteered to do it.

We were down at "Mom's" for vacation. There wasn't much to do in the little fishing and logging town, but it was close to the beaches and the mountains. Glynda and I would go out on the beach late in the afternoon and watch the sun go down and then build a little fire and fuck for a couple hours on a big blanket and then go home and soak in the steam bath for a couple of hours and fuck some more. Or we would go for a hike up in the mountains in the morning and then take a nap and fuck in some grassy meadow for most of the afternoon. You can tell there was one thing uppermost in our minds.

The steam bath was actually a Finnish style sauna. A very hot, very dry heat, very little steam at all. Glynda's dad had built it in the back of the factory and it had become popular with nearly everyone. In fact my oldest daughter was conceived in it, near as we could figure.

Glynda and her mom were only about 20 years apart in age and were mistaken for sisters quite often. Their size and build were very similar except that Margie was a little bustier and a little hippier with a few more wrinkles. And while Glynda frosted her hair because it was fashionable, Marge did it to hide some gray and look younger. It was difficult to tell them apart without looking really close. And therein lies the tale.

I had been over at the neighborhood tavern for a few hours that afternoon, drinking beer and visiting with a few guys that I knew from when we had lived there years ago. It was dinner time, and I was a little tipsy, and also horny from watching the barmaids running around in their short skirts and low-cut blouses for several hours. I walked into the downstairs apartment to see what the prospects for dinner were. There were a couple of pots gently steaming on the stove and my wife was standing at the sink fixing some lettuce and veggies for salad. I walked up behind her, put my left arm around her and squeezed her tit, and reached down in front of her with my right hand and cupped her mons and pussy and massaged it a little. She jumped a little and said, "Ooohh!"

I nuzzled and nibbled the side of her neck and said, "What's for dinner, besides you?"

She was breathing a little hard and leaning against me like she was having trouble standing up. "Ohh ... Unnn ... I ... I ... think th.. th.. that Glllyyyndaaaa .... is . up .. stairs ..," she gasped.

Well, I started noticing things then. Her breast was a little bit larger and softer than Glynda's and her tummy wasn't quite as flat, and her mons felt a little higher, and then I opened my eyes and noticed what was looped over the ear I had just begun to lick and nibble on. Metal glass frames! Oops! Gramma wore glasses with metal frames and Glynda wore plastic! Mea culpa!

I unwound my arms from around her and helped her stand up straight. As she leaned against the sink counter I said, "Oh! I'm sorry. I thought you were Glynda."

"That's .... all ... right," she said, gasping out one word to the breath.

"See you at dinner!" I said as I made my exit, stage left.

I went upstairs and found my wife in an easy chair in the sitting room of the little apartment, reading the very skinny local paper.

"How was your visit with your buddies?" she asked. "Are the barmaids over there just as sexy as ever?"

I gave her a brief sketch of the afternoon at the local watering hole and then related what had transpired with her mother in the kitchen.

"My god, Honey, you probably came close to giving Mom a heart attack! I'm pretty sure she hasn't had any sex but her hand since Dad got sick before he died. And maybe not for a while before then."

"Yeah," I agreed, "She didn't really object to my attention either. In fact she sounded a little disappointed when I left and came upstairs."

"Well," said Glynda, "You have given me an adequate amount of screwing the last couple of days. You want to try fucking Mom tonight?"

Many guys would have fallen over if their wife said anything like that, but it wasn't totally unexpected. We aren't major league swingers or swappers and we don't have what I would call an open marriage. We are 99% or more satisfied with our sex lives and seldom actively pursue other sexual partners. However, we realize that there are those times and circumstances when an attraction develops that just can't be ignored. We have an agreement that we discuss each event before consummation and we don't have any liaisons with other people in our own home, unless it is by prior arrangement and agreement. We do have an escape clause though. That is if there are hands on organs and the clothes are half off, do it, and we will discuss it later!

So, I wasn't too surprised at what my wife said. "My, how you talk, young lady!" I chuckled. "I didn't realize I had fucked you to a frazzle."

"I said an adequate amount, not a sufficient amount. And I was thinking about a quickie before dinner. But, since there may be some extramarital hanky panky tonight you can just eat my pussy for an appetizer. If you get Mom for dessert you may need all your spunk and energy for her!"

With that, Glynda raised her hips and slipped off her slacks and panties, slumped down in the chair and threw her legs over the arms of it. "Come and get it, big boy," she said, reaching down and spreading her cunt lips.

Well, this is about Margie, my mother-in-law, so I'll fast forward a few hours.

After dinner the three of us went into the living room for coffee and dessert, then sat around and watched a couple of reruns on TV. Margie was sitting sort of sideways on the couch reading the paper, I was sitting in the easy chair glancing at some woman's magazine that should have been x-rated because of the pictures, and Glynda was sitting on the floor between my legs. She had been rubbing her head in my crotch and running her hands up and down my legs all evening. I was getting a little heated, and I noticed that Marge was taking it all in and squirming around a little like she had an itch that needed scratching.

Glynda got up and stretched. "I think I will go up to bed," she said. "That was a good dinner, Mom. It is making me sleepy!" Then she turned to me and said, "Honey, you can stay down here and keep Mom company if you want. I am just going to go to sleep." And she leaned over and gave me a little kiss with a lot of tongue and put her hand in my crotch and gave my cock and balls a little squeeze.

"OK, Honey," I replied. "I'll be up later."

As Glynda left the apartment I noticed that she did not completely close the door into the hallway. "That little snoop," I thought. "She is going to eavesdrop to see what goes on down here!"

I stood up and moved over to the couch and asked Marge, "Can I sit here with you?" as I moved in behind her.

"Sure," she said, as she moved over a little to give me a little more room.

I sat down behind her and put a hand on her shoulder. "I would like to talk about this afternoon."

"Oh, that's OK," she said. "It isn't necessary."

"I don't think you understand," I said as I moved a little closer to her. "I enjoyed what happened, and I don't regret it at all. And I think that you may have enjoyed it a little too."

"Ww.. w.. Well," she stammered, as she wiggled around a little. "I was very surprised. It did feel a little ..." she paused. " ... different. I haven't been ... uh ... touched by a man in a long time." She sighed and leaned back against the couch.

"I know," I said. "I imagine you are really lonely." I put both arms around her shoulders and hugged her back against me. I rested the side of my head against hers and said softly, "It doesn't have to be that way."

"Oh, I don't know," she said. "An old woman like me can't find anybody but old men around here."

"I wasn't talking about around here," I said as I hugged her a little tighter. "I was talking about right here. I was talking about me."

I heard and felt her gasp, and she placed her hands on my arms where I was hugging her, just above her breasts. "Oh no! That can't be true! You are married to my daughter! Why would you want an old woman like me? What will Glynda think? It just wouldn't be right! We ..."

"Marge, Shush!" I said in her ear. "You let me worry about Glynda. You are a very handsome and attractive woman. I have always seen that in you. Any man who would take the time to know you would love you. I love you, and this afternoon I realized that I want to make love to you and show you how much I love you."

"Oh dear! I don't know what to say! What about tomorrow? What happens when you don't go upstairs? What if Glynda finds out? It wouldn't be right. What ..."

"Dear, sweet, Margie. Don't worry about any of those things. I will take care of any problems. You only need to say one thing. Just say 'Yes' if you want us to make love to each other tonight. That is all you have to worry about. All you have to do is say 'Yes'."

I hugged her and she squeezed and rubbed my arms with her hands. I waited. Finally, so faint that I could barely hear her, "Yes."

"Oh, Margie," I sighed, as I moved my hands down under her breasts and gently cupped them in my hands and lifted them up and squeezed them gently. She sighed and leaned back against my chest, and she acted like it was the first time she had been able to relax in a long time. "I love you," I whispered as I kissed her neck and licked softly around the edge of her ear.

"Oh, Gene, I love you too! Kiss me please. It has been so long!"

I slid back and let her recline until I had her cradled in my left arm. She turned her face up to mine and I leaned over and kissed her gently. I let her lead the way. As I gently massaged her breasts and rubbed her nipples she sucked my lower lip into her mouth and let it go and then did the same with my upper lip. I then did the same to her and we repeated that and then I felt her tongue licking my lips when she sucked them into her mouth. When it was my turn I just opened my lips a little and licked her lips with my tongue. She gasped, threw her arms around my neck and gave me a full open mouthed kiss, sticking her tongue into my mouth and feeling all around with it. While I was returning her passion I slowly moved my hand down over her stomach towards her mons, gently massaging and rubbing her all the way.

When I got to her mons I slid my fingers down over her pussy until I had her mons under my palm and I could feel the heat from her cunt under my fingers. I started massaging her snatch with my fingers as she arched her hips off the couch against my hand.

"Oh god! Do that some more! Please, please ..." 

I rubbed and massaged over her pussy with my fingers as she began thrusting her hips up against my hand. Her legs spread slowly apart, giving me permission to go further. I knew that she hadn't had anything but her own hand between her legs for years. I thought that it probably felt a lot like I felt the first time a woman put her hand around my cock!

I could feel her cunt getting hotter against my hand as I gently rubbed and massaged her. I began to concentrate on the area over her clit. There was no doubt about finding it. She almost screamed, arched her back, and quivered like an arrow when it sticks in a tree. The crotch of her pants were definitely wet now, and she was panting and pushing her clit against my fingers as I rubbed and pressed down on it. She put both hands over mine and pressed them tightly against her as she humped her hips up, getting more stimulation for her poor neglected clit.

"Oh my god, oh shit Ohhhhh ... UUnnnggg .... AWWWWWWWWWW.... ," she screamed as she was hit by her orgasm. Again and again she humped against our hands and shuddered and moaned. Finally, "Oh, Gene, Darling, that was wonderful! I love you so much!" And then she reached up and pulled my head down to her and kissed me long and gently. Then released me, looked me straight in the eye and softly said, "Darling, please take me to bed."

I stood up and held out my hands to her. She reached up and took them and I pulled her slowly to her feet. She came into my arms and I held her close and kissed her. I started to pick her up, but she stopped me. "I am too heavy for you to carry," she said, as she slowly started walking backwards. "Just like dancing," she said. "You lead."

We walked, or danced, through the kitchen to her bedroom and as we passed the partially open doorway to the hall I could hear clothes rustling a little and deep breathing. Glynda was keeping an eye on things! When we reached the bed I sat her down gently and sat beside her. I reached in front of her and cupped her full breasts in my hands and hugged her to me. She sighed and placed her hands on mine while I gently squeezed her tits and rubbed her nipples with the tips of my fingers.

I unbuttoned her blouse, slipping one hand then the other under it as I did, stroking her warm soft skin. When I got her blouse unbuttoned I slid one sleeve down off her shoulder and down her arm then gently pulled it behind her and down over her other arm. I began kissing and nuzzling around her neck and over her bare shoulders and I could feel her shivering like an excited mare.

I glanced toward the bedroom door and out through the kitchen. I could see a shadowy form in the outer hall and knew that Glynda was out there watching as her mother and I were making love. "Well," I thought, "She will be frigging her pussy until she blows her mind if she keeps watching."

I slipped out from behind Margie and laid her gently on the bed. I stood in front of her and slowly lifted up her feet, one at a time, and removed her shoes and socks, then reached up to her slacks and started sliding the elastic waistband down over her hips. She raised her hips so I could slip them out from under her buttocks and then sighed as my hands slipped over her bare skin as I slid them down over her legs.

I started to remove her panties the same way but she took my hands in hers and whispered, "Noooo. Not yet." 

I lifted her and reached behind her and unfastened her bra. She gasped as the tension of the strap was released and her breasts fell free. I slid the bra off of her arms and dropped it over the end of the bed. She folded her arms across her breasts to cover herself.

I sat back down next to her and gently turned her away from me. I then slid my hands down her arms and hugged her against me. Moving my hands down to her rounded but firm tummy I stroked and massaged my way up to her breasts. After doing this several times she relaxed and let me slide my hands up over her bare breasts. As my hands reached her nipples she sighed and leaned her head back against my shoulder.

As I kissed her neck and shoulders and played with her boobs and nipples she placed one hand on my arm and dropped the other one to my leg. She began rubbing my leg and soon was running her hand slowly up and down between my legs, getting closer to my cock each time.

My erection was sticking straight down my pants leg and I knew that Margie was going to feel it very soon. I was nibbling her neck and running my finger tips over her stiff nipples when her hand reached my hard cock. She gasped and moved her hand slowly up over my erection as she slowly inhaled. When she reached the base of it she squeezed it gently and moaned, "Oh Gene, that feels so wonderful ... "

I tensed a little to make it jerk and swell in her hand and she jumped a little and giggled like a school girl. "Oh! It feels like it is alive!"

She turned her face up to me, "Take your clothes off, darling. I want to feel your warm bare skin against mine."

I laid her down on the bed and stood up. Looking down at her in the dim bedroom I saw a mature women, body kept in shape by hard work every day. Her skin was untanned and the areolas on her breasts were dark in contrast, the dark hair of her pussy was a mysterious shadow under her white silk panties where her legs met her body.

I leaned down and kissed her tummy and began kissing and licking my way down to her bush. She clasped my head in her hands, "Ohhhh ... Please, Gene, take your clothes off."

I stood up and unfastened my belt, letting my pants slide to the floor and pushed my shorts down around my ankles. I pulled my shirts over my head and when I looked, Margie was under the covers. "Please, hurry," she whispered.

I stepped out of my clothes and pulled my shoes and socks off. Margie tossed back the covers and I slid in next to her. She held out her arms and I slid an arm under her and we kissed. Slowly at first then more urgently. I gently moved my hand down over her body towards her pussy and discovered that she had removed her panties while I was undressing.

When my hand reached her soft bush I covered her pussy with my hand and gently pressed and massaged her pussy. She was warm and damp and gasped as I first touched her and then moaned as I gently massaged her mons and outer lips. I slowly began working a finger into the hot center of her female sex and was quickly rewarded by a spreading wetness. As I penetrated her with my finger she again gasped and began moaning and thrusting her hips up against my hand.

I slipped my finger up towards her clit and she reached down and grasped my erect cock. "Oh, Gene," she moaned, "I want you in me. I want to feel you laying on me. Give me your love and fill me with it. Please ... Now ... Oh .... puhleeaaase!"

I moved over her as she spread her legs and pulled her knees up. As I lowered myself onto her I kissed her breasts and sucked on her nipples. She reached down and took my erection in her hand and guided me to her hot, steaming snatch. 

She gasped and moaned as I slowly entered her and put her arms around me and raised her legs and clasped them around my waist. "Ohhhh Gene, do it slow. It has been so long! I want it to last as long as possible."

She was as tight as my wife was at 21. I could feel the walls of her cunt stretching as the head of my cock went where no cock had gone for many years.

I pumped my cock in and out of her slowly, laying on her and just moving my pelvis. Each time I slid into her she took a deep breath and hugged me with her arms and legs and when I was in all the way she relaxed and breathed out. "Ooooh .... Ahhhhhh ... Ooooooo ... ahhhh ...." It sounded like a gentle breeze.

I don't know how long this went on. We were both lost in the warmth and the closeness and the intimacy of my hard cock fucking in and out of her hot, slippery, soft pussy.

Margie was hugging me tighter now and I increased my speed and force as I fucked her grasping love tunnel. She was breathing harder and began gasping. "Oh god ... fuck ... harder ... faster ... ohhhhhhh .... yesssss .... fuck ... fuck ... " Soon she was talking quite plainly and then began shouting, "HARDER DAMN IT .... HARDER ... FUCK ME!!!"

I did, and soon she was throwing her hips up at me as I thrust my cock into her throbbing, demanding pussy. I felt my balls tightening up and I knew I was going to come damn soon. Margie was on her way too, and I picked up the pace.
