 Rita waited for Dr. Alta to be alone. She loved his class in education psychology, and looked forward to each class with unmasked excitement. Thanksgiving was next week, and soon the semester would be over. She had to make a move or regret it. He was just so HOT!!! Even while he lectured, her eyes could help drift south to the bulge in his jeans or slacks. It was always there and had a hard time not thinking about it. Rita was doing ok in the class, but she figured a little private tutoring couldn't hurt.

She dressed in her favorite V-neck red sweater, a flirty miniskirt, and nice boots. She pushed in a breath mint and knocked.

"Yes? Come in." Dr Alta called from within his office.

Rita took a deep breath and pushed the door open.

"Hello Rita! How nice of you to come see me here. What's on your mind, dear?" He stood as she entered, then resumed his seat behind his oak desk.

"Uh, well, I just wondered if there was anything I could do to improve my grade?" She answered.

"There's always room for improvement, hmmm?" He smiled and showed her to a chair opposite his desk. As she sat, her skirt slid up to reveal her shapely, muscular thighs and Dr. Alta couldn't help but notice. 

He was a well groomed, rugged looking man of 34, single, and well built. He had recently begun to raise a beard, and the stubble seemed to suit him. 

"How can I help you, Rita? He asked.

"I'm not sure, Dr. Alta. I read the material, and it seems like I get it, until exam time. Then suddenly, it all disappears from my brain."

"So, perhaps I should test you orally? How would you feel about that?"

"Well, it's worth a try, I think. I am really interested, and I really want to understand the concepts, Sir." He walked around to the front of his desk and leaned back against it. 

"Yes, Rita, I know what you mean. I'm that way with numbers! Just can't make them work for me."

"Oh I don't believe that!" She was so animated and passionate in her speech. Her hands and face were open and emotive. He smiled tenderly at her passion.

"No, it's true, Rita. I know you can do this stuff. So yes, here, write out your schedule, and put your email and phone number on there, too, and we'll see what might be good times for us to get together. I have some ideas of what might help you." He paused to allow her time to write out her schedule. She finished, added her email address and phone number for convenience and handed it to him. 

"Do you have a bit of time now?" He asked.

"Yes, it's only 10:30, right? I don't have class until 1 at Foster Hall."

"Great! Now, come over here, Rita, and we will do an exercise just to get in the right mentality. Good girl. Now, I want you to stand as close to me as you are comfortable, no touching!" He laughed. "Excellent! Now, I will take one step forward with my left foot, and you will take one step back with your right to MIRROR my movement. Yes, very good. Now bring the other foot to it as I step forward with my right foot. Yes! Now, I will slowly lift my left arm and you will MIRROR with your right. Yes, excellent! Now I will be silent but continue to move. Please MIRROR my movements." He slowly turned to his right then back center. He placed his hands on his thighs and slowly slid them up his sides. She mirrored him well. He put his hands on his hips. She did the same. "You are beautiful," he said softly. 

"You are beautiful," she echoed.

He looked deeply into her eyes. She felt naked standing so close, like he could see into her very soul. He slowly removed his sweater, his eyes locked on hers. She followed his lead and slowly lifted her sweater over her head. He eyes never left hers. Slowly and deliberately, he lifted his T-shirt over his head. She slowly and deliberately removed her bra. His eyes never left hers, but each could feel the heat from the other as they stood inches from one another. They stood there for several minutes before he spoke.

"Rita, what motivated you to come here today? I want you to be completely honest, please."

She hesitated, then dropped her eyes, and replied, "I am not happy with my grade."

He lifted her face and regained her eyes. "Rita, that may well be, but why did you come here today. Do not provoke me."

Blushing, she quietly murmured, "I can't get my mind off of you. Even in my other classes, I imagine you speaking. I dream often of you."

"And what happens in these dreams, Rita?"

"Um, not much, really. I just ... "

"Rita! Look at me! If you cannot be honest, then please go now." His tone was calm and measured. Slowly, her head lifted again, and her eyes met his. He was not smiling, but she gained strength from the depth of his eyes.

"I dream of, um, what your, uhhh, your penis might be like. I dream of what you might taste like and how much you might enjoy my mouth."

Even as she spoke her nipples puckered and stiffened even more, and the scent of her arousal reached his senses. 

"Very good, Rita! Excellent! Thank you for your honesty." He turned and sat on the front of his desk. "Please sit. Now, let's talk a little bit about motivation. What motivates people to learn, Rita?"

"Are you serious? Um, love."

"Yes, love is an excellent motivator, perhaps the most powerful. What else?"

"Freedom?"

"Good girl. Anything else you can think of that motivates people to learn?"

"Power?"

"Excellent! You see? You know more than you think. One more?"

"Um, oh yeah, fun?"

"Exactly! Fun! Now, of these four, which do you think drew you here today or is it a combination?"

"Ah, yes, I think maybe a little of the power but also fun?"

"Wonderful! Now, explain to me how power motivated you in this respect? Your nipples are very appealing, dear, by the way."

She was very aware of her body's response to what was happening between them. Her body ached to be touched and, in turn, she ached to touch him. 

"Let me think. I guess it's because you have the power over my grade in this class, and I wanted to influence your decision? Is that right?"

"Oh, my girl, I think it's much deeper than that, but yes, that is not incorrect. Stand up. Now come and stand here." He scooted onto the desk and asked her to stand between his knees, very close to him. "Now, how do you feel about power as a motivator?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, Rita, how do you feel at this instant? How are you responding to my power?" She felt his eyes penetrate her soul, and her body began to tremble. She looked down.

"I'm not sure what you mean, but I'm responding to something!" 

"Yes, dear. You have been pulled into my personal power. It's not a hocus pocus kind of thing. But the more I demonstrate my own self-control and certainty, the more you want to come in under my power and let me "control" you and all that concerns you. Does that make sense to you?"

"Yes," she lifted her eyes again. "It makes sense, but ... "

He laughed softly. "But what, girl? You don't like the idea?"

"Actually, I love the idea! I just don't quite, well ... I can't quite, ummm ... "

"It doesn't fit too well with today's social culture, does it?" He put his hands on her shoulders and again his eyes searched her body. "I'll be delighted to work with you, girl. Now, is there anything else before we end this session?"

He felt her body trembling as his hands slid down her arms, around her back, down over her covered bum. His eyes never left hers as his hands gently cupped her breasts. She squealed softly. His hands continued to caress her breasts lightly. She shivered. 

"Yes, tell me, Rita. Speak it." He waited patiently for her to yield fully. His hands continued to gently, tenderly stroke her body even as his words and eyes stroked her soul.

Her eyes fell to his crotch, to the swell there, and he smiled. "Tell me, girl, what it is you want. You must be honest with yourself." He understood the war within her and waited. Her body trembled and squirmed as his hands roamed and examined her body.

Then after several minutes, shyly she whispered, "Do you like me?"

"Yes, Rita!" He smiled tenderly. "You are a lovely girl. Shall I show you the evidence you desire?"

"Yes, please," she whispered. 

"Excellent, go ahead, girl, unzip my slacks. Enjoy the affection and attention you wish for."

She looked up into his face, and he nodded as her hands tentatively reached for the zipper and slid it down carefully. Her eyes flitted back and forth from his swollen penis to his soft, warm eyes. Her fingers awkwardly fumbled through his boxers until his penis popped up, free from it's sheath. She moaned audibly.

"You see, girl? You are pleasing to me. Now, how would you like to demonstrate your devotion? Can you speak it?"

Looking up into his eyes, she made her appeal non-verbally. He nodded. "Yes, I understand, but you must speak it. You must yield to your nature. Do you understand?"

She looked longingly at his beautiful, hard and perfect penis, her body quivered with yearning. He watched her with compassion and tenderness as she wrestled with her desires.

"Do you feel my power, Rita?"

"Yes."

"And what have you learned about power as a motivator?"

"It works!" She stood restlessly so close to him, the skin of their chests almost touched.

He chuckled softly. "Whisper what you want, Rita." He turned his ear to her so that her lips almost touched it. "Tell me, girl. Come on. You can do it." His shoulder brushed her nipple and she shivered again.

"It would be an honor ... ummm, I know it sounds weird, but ... please, may I ... kiss it?"

"Yes, girl, of course! Thank you."

Tenderly, even reverently, she knelt keeping her eyes on his, and kissed his penis, sliding the tip of her tongue just between her lips to taste the drop of wetness there. His penis jerked upward in response.

"You see, dear girl. Your devotion is received. Now, please remove your thong and place it in my briefcase behind the desk." He slid off of the desk, his penis quite rigid, his slacks gathered at his ankles. "Come into my arms, girl." She stepped into his warm embrace, and their bodies finally touched. Her breasts squished against his powerful and muscular chest as his arms wrapped around her. She felt his heartbeat. Without another word, he lifted her onto his manly muscle. Initially, she melted as he filled her with his strength, but soon her body responded in kind. He lifted her repeatedly up and down on his rod of manhood, and she purred until he whispered instructions to put her passion into her body's response rather than vocalize it. She wiggled and squirmed as if dancing on him. She arched backwards suddenly, his arms releasing her as she bowed in utter and passionate devotion, her body openly displayed for his approval laid out before him. He laughed softly at her skirt lost someplace between her luscious breasts and vibrant filled pussy. At last, once again she pressed against him as she began to quake in final approach. "Yes girl, yes." He felt her tense and shudder as her passion exploded and just as she reached the top, he fired his seed into her, repeatedly gasping her name. He held her close for several minutes more as their bodies pounded together. 

"Very good, girl! You are delightful!" He carefully withdrew, tweaked her right nipple and sat again on his desk. "You may dress. I'm glad you came today. Now I will expect you everyday at this time, unless you email me otherwise, and we will continue your lessons. And Thanksgiving break will give us even more time, perhaps to spend an entire day or two together. But you have already given me a lovely gift, dear girl. You may be assured that I treasure your devotion and your surrender. Thank you. Oh, in the future, please omit any underwear. In fact, you should toss them all in the trash. You will have no further use for them." He studied her as she once again slid the sweater over her head and her lovely breasts disappeared. "Now, how do you feel, Rita?"

"I'm not sure I can put it into words, but I feel wonderful ... incredible ... ALIVE! I will be here tomorrow at 10:30. Thank you, Sir. Thank you for your time and patience with me."

"You're welcome, girl. Now get on to class. See you tomorrow."