 I hope Mr. Carter isn't visiting, Layla thought, as she entered the Good Shepherd Nursing Home to visit her mother. It's seems he's always here when I am. Before entering the room, she heard her mother's voice.

"Mrs. Carter, would you please lower the sound on your TV? I feel as though I'm sitting in Judge Judy's courtroom."

"I have the sound at a level at which I can hear. If you didn't watch those stupid cooking shows all the time you might be more civil."

"If you don't turn the sound down I'll have Ms. Sally come in here."

"Good afternoon Mrs. Carter. Good afternoon mother. Are you two having another spat?"

The two old ladies were separated by a white curtain and a distance of about twenty feet. Her mother sat rigid in her wheel chair, her hands grasped the arms of the chair in a steel grip, and had a scowl on her face.

"Don't talk to her Layla. Please get me out of here, that...that woman's TV is driving me deaf and insane." She lifted her arms, faced her daughter hugged and kissed her. Layla pushed her chair to the door.

"Woops! Excuse me Mrs. Simpson. I didn't see you coming. It's nice to see you again Layla." He stepped back with a gorgeous smile on his handsome face.

Layla nodded waiting for him to step out of the way. I know he's a widow like me. How can he be such a hunk? I wonder if he's seeing someone.

Layla rolled her eyes. "I'm sorry. I'm under some stress," she said looking at him.

He nodded. "I understand."

She pushed her mother down the hall.

* * *

"Mother, you and Melissa have to find a way to live together without fighting all the time," Layla said as they sat at a table in the dining area.

"I can't stand her blaring TV, and her holier than thou attitude. I want you to get me transferred to another room."

"You've already changed roommates twice this year and there are no available beds. You are going to have to stay where you are and make friends with her."

"Make friends with her over my dead body."

"Do you want to be transferred to another nursing facility?"

"No, I like it here and I was here first. She's nothing but a barbaric interloper." 

"There must be something the two of you have in common. You both like to play cards, knit, and crotchet." Layla looked at her stubborn mother.

"I wouldn't play cards with someone like her; she probably cheats."

"Mother, you don't know that. You more than likely haven't spoken a civil word to her since she moved in with you."

"Shh, here they come."

"Do you mind if we join you? Harry asked standing behind his mother's wheel chair.

"No we don't want you here," Shirley said.

Layla stood looking at Melissa and Harry. "I apologize for my mother's behavior. Please join us. We need to talk about the civil war going on in their room."

"Thank you I agree." He pushed his mother next to Shirley and sat beside Layla.

He acts like such a gentleman? He's tall, handsome, athletic, and loves his mother. "Do you think we can negotiate a truce of some kind?"

"I was thinking the same thing since there's no place in this facility for them to move. Can I get you some coffee?" He stood looking deep into her blue eyes.

"Yes please, my mother and I both drink decaf with two creams and two sweeteners."

He nodded and walked to the area where the coffee and condiments were located.

Layla watched his great butt as he walked toward the coffee. She turned to Mrs. Carter, "Do you like to play cards?"

"As a matter of fact I do but no with her." She glanced at Shirley.

"Who said I would ever play a game of cards with you?"

"Harry returned with the coffee and distributed it before sitting down accidently bumped Layla's arm. 

She felt a jolt of electricity surge through her body at the incidental tap.

"I've asked the nurse to bring us a deck of cards. Would you like to play a game of Kings in the Corner?" Harry asked.

"No!" The two older ladies said together.

"Thank you for the coffee. I think card's is a great idea. Maybe our mother's might get to know each other a little better in a different situation." Layla took a sip of her coffee.

"We might get to know each other too." He cast a charming smile at Layla. 

He has a smile that ought to melt the heart of my mother it certainly has an effect on me. 

* * *

Layla expertly shuffled and dealt the first hand and her mother won on her first turn.

She looked at Melissa with a smirk on her face.

"I'd better cut the cards next time it looks like we have a card shark among us." Harry said with a grin.

Shirley shuffled and Layla cut, before the cards were deftly passed to each player.

"It must be nice to be able to shuffle and deal that well. With my arthritis I can't do that." Melissa looked at her knurled hands. 

"I've been playing cards since I was a child. I'm sorry about your arthritis."

"Me too. I taught Harry everything he knows."

"Everything mother?' He smiled lovingly at her. "Did you ladies come to play cards or shoot the bull?" Harry elbowed Layla in the ribs.

She smiled. She enjoyed his male manner and the elbow sending another wave of current through her. I wonder if it means something besides the obvious. It was the only the second time they'd touched except to shake hands. His well kept hand and nails, and the lack of a wedding ring pleased her.

The second hand took much longer and all of them made comments about how bad their cards were. Harry went out first.

"What's the idea Harry? Gentlemen are supposed to allow ladies to win especially your mother. I was going to go out on my next turn." Melissa said throwing her cards into the pile.

"Mom, all's fair in love and cards." He chuckled, mixed the cards and beamed at Layla.

Layla and he touched hands as she cut the cards. For the third time she felt the power of his touch. He has soft, smooth hands and his after shave was heavenly. He's well kept for a man his age. 

Play went quickly with the number of wins about even.

"Shirley, Melissa, it's time for lunch," an aid said.

"Where has all the time gone," Shirley asked looking around the table.

"Time flies when you're having a good time." Melissa looked at Shirley.

Layla and Harry glanced at each other. 

"You ladies do know that two can play this game? 

"Of course, Harry, do you think we're ninnies? His mother asked.

"While our mothers eat may I treat you to lunch?"

She looked at him with anxiety because of his affect on her. She hesitated." Ya...yes, thank you that would be nice."

* * *

Harry offered his arm as they walked to the parking lot, Layla took it. 

She thought they made a good looking couple: she was a five foot six inches tall blond, and he stood something over six meet with brown-gray hair. I wouldn't mind this being a permanent picture she thought. "It seems as though the cards may have stopped or at least improved the relations between our mothers."

"It seems that way and I hope it continues. Do you have a preference for lunch? There's a dinner near here I frequent you might like."

"Since you're treating, I'll let your decide. Don't drive too fast. I don't like to go fast or in a lot of traffic."

"I'll drive carefully and the speed limit. I don't want to lose you," he said with a twinkle in his eye.

I hope that statement has a double meaning. Layla thought, as she got into her Camry.

He carefully led her to Millie's dinner on Tappan's Road. It was in an older home surrounded by pine trees. "It's difficult to find a restaurant that isn't part of a chair," he said as she joined him in the parking lot.

Upon entering Millie's a young lady behind the counter said, "Harry, it's nice to see you. Would you like a table for two?"

"Yes that would be nice. Sandra this is Layla Simpson.

"Nice to meet to you Layla, Harry is one of our best customers. What would you like to drink?" She asked as they sat.

"I'd like some decaf coffee."

"I'll have the same." He sat across from her with his elbows on the table.

She liked the way he looked at her. His handsome face and brown eyes were a picture of a confident likeable male. 

The restaurant was decorated in a pleasant homey style. She could tell the interior had been designed by a woman.

"What do you do when you're not visiting your mother?" He learned forward as though eager to hear what she had to say.

"I'm the credit manager at the Tar Heel State Bank. I've been there since my late husband died. What about you?"

"I'm a salesman for a small manufacturing company that makes tools."

They ordered and were sipping on their coffee when a beautiful buxom woman probably in her middle thirties in an apron that smelled of fresh bread came to the table and hugged Harry. 

"It's good to see you Harry and with a lady for a change."

"Millie this is a friend of mine Layla Simpson." 

"Layla, I saw him first and I've got my eye on him. I'll give you a chance but don't take too long. A guy like Harry isn't going to stay single much longer." 

Layla blushed. She didn't know what to say. 

Harry said, "Thank you Millie. You've embarrassed both of us, now you can return to the kitchen."

"I'm just telling her the truth." She kissed him on the cheek and walked away her slender hips swaying to and fro.

The rest of lunch was awkward. Neither of them could look the other in the eye.

In the parking lot Harry said, "I'm sorry about that. I think Millie while trying to be funny ruined our lunch. I'd like to see you again. Dinner perhaps?"

Millie's probably right. He's on the open market and someone with her personality and build could snatch him up. Maybe it could be me. "I'd like to have dinner some evening. Do you have a day in mind?

"I was thinking this weekend. Is Friday okay with you?"

"I don't have anything planned. Yes, Friday will be fine." She looked him directly in the eye. I want a change for him to see me in a more fashionable outfit.

"Good, is seven thirty too early? "

"That'll be fine. What should I wear?"

"Dress up I have a fancy restaurant in mind." He took her in his arms and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

* * *

Layla thought about Harry all week and the way his touch made her feel. She stood in front of the mirror drying her hair and looking at her body. Not bad for forty-seven, my breasts may not be as large as Millie's but I'm almost in her league.

She selected a black sheath dress with a modest neck line and a hem just below the knees. It's tight enough to accentuate my breasts and short enough to display my legs. I believe he'll like what he sees.

He arrived at exactly seven thirty. "You're absolutely stunning."

"You look good in charcoal black yourself." She turned so he could see her profile.

They talked about work and the weather on the way to Le Chalet.

The food and service were excellent and they had a good time conversing about their mothers and what they liked to do. They had two different wines and finished the meal with coffee and dessert.

At her home he walked her to the door on the front porch. 

She unlocked the door. Should I ask him in? Should I let him kiss me? If I do will he expect more, and if I don't will he feel rejected?

"Does your hesitation have a meaning?"

"Yes, no, maybe, I don't know. I'm not used to having a handsome man wine and dine me and walk me to the door."

"I'm not used to being with a beautiful woman, nor am I used to doing this." He took her in his arms and kissed her. 

She didn't resist, it was wonderful. His lips were soft, moist and had a wonderful taste. She melted into his arms.

"May I come in?" He looked deep into her eyes.

"Does that mean what I think it means?" She glanced away from him.

"What do you think it means?" He pulled her tighter.

She hesitated. "I think you want to have sex with me."

"Would that be unacceptable? You seemed to enjoy the kiss."

"I'm not interested in a one night stand."

"Neither am I. I've known you for six months and I've wanted to be with you since the first time I saw you." He pushed the door open.

"I've thought about you too." She stepped through the door, turned and kissed him. 

They stood kissing for a long time. 

Harry rubbed, scratched, and massaged her back.

Layla held him tight before she put her hands on his ass and pulled him to her. 

Their kiss became more passionate. Tongues dueled and explored. They became more and more aroused.

"Can we continue in the bedroom?" He unzipped her dress and fumbled with her bra.

She led him to the bedroom and allowed him to undress her. 

"You're even more beautiful this way." He stripped.

They fell to the bed with their hands and mouths exploring each other's erogenous zones. Their limbs entwined along with the bed sheets they pleasured one another.

Layla hadn't been with a man since long before her husband died, and she hadn't realized how much she needed this kind of intimacy. He kissed her face, neck, and shoulders as his hands massage her breasts and his fingers brought her nipples to the hardness of stone and waves of pleasure swept through her body.

He moved lower and looked into her eyes with yearning.

She nodded her head and guided his face to her breasts. 

He kissed and licked them until they were damp before he kissed her nipples and took one in his mouth. His tongue swirling, licking, nipping, and sucking excited her even more. He switched from one teat to the other and her fervor increased.

She placed her hand on his and moved it to her pussy.

His experience was obvious as he tickled her pubic hair.

"That tickles," she giggled.

"It's supposed to." His fingers ran circles around her vulva lips and then gently back and forth across them.

"That tickles," she giggled again.

"It's supposed to." His fingers moved in oval from her outer lips in ovals, to her inner lips during another loop, and slowly glided into her wetness searching for her G-spot.

She moaned. "You do that so well." 

He continued to suckle on her teat as he explored her tunnel searching for her hidden inner place of pleasure, found it and pressed gently around it in small circles.

She moaned louder, her body tensed, and she placed her hand on his. Her moaning turned to groaning when he moved his finger to her clit.

His finger circled her honey button over and over.

She gasped, her body writhed, as her inner organs contracted faster and faster until she rose on her shoulder, lifted he hips to get closer to the pleasure, and then she exploded in all directions and she howled as she climaxed.

Harry stopped and smiled at her obvious orgasm. He waited until the tide of sexual pleasure receded.

"That was wonderful." She opened her eyes and whispered, "I want you." She spread her legs and raised her hips.

"Wait till I put on a condom."

"I don't want to wait. I'm not fertile." She pulled him to her. 

"I don't want to either, but it's not fair or safe for us not to use protection until we know this is what we want."

She released him. My god he's so thoughtful, so skilled, so endearing. She waited impatiently. Her anticipation level increased, he covered himself, and came to her. She gasped at the length, girth, and hardness of his cock

Slowly gently he slid into her, stopped, and groaned. After a moment he stroked her.

They moved in unison. There was no need to hurry to end the pleasure.

Layla thought about his good looks, his smell, his taste, the sweat sprouting on his body and the sound of his breathing. She especially liked the feel of his movements within her. 

He stopped.

"What's wrong?" She whispered in his ear.

He rose on his hands looking down at her with appreciation in his eyes. "Nothing, I want to enjoy you for as long as I can. You're wonderful. I can't believe we're actually doing this. I've thought about it but I didn't think it would happen."

She reached up and ran her hands over his face and over his hairy chest. "You're amazing. I love your good looks, the color of your eyes and hair, your taste and smell, the timbre of your voice, and your love making skills. They're more than I hoped for." 

"For people our age this is awesome. I hope I'm pleasing you?" He dropped to his forearms and thrust into her.

"I'm the one whose worried if I'm as good as you wanted?"

Lowering himself to her body he rolled his hips in one direction and then the other. He increased his speed and slowed down. He stopped and kissed her with his tongue mating with hers. He rose again to his forearms, looked into her eyes, and said, "I'm ready."

"Give it to me Harry. I want you too. I need you too." She wrapped her legs around his waist.

Using the foot board, his leg, stomach, and hip muscles he plunged in and out of her wet tight pussy.

She thrilled as his cock touched all the sensitive places in her channel, and she felt him get harder and harder until just before his body went rigid and he shot spur after spurt of semen into the sheath covering him. His spasms lasted for another minute before he became flaccid and slipped from her. 

They lay in each other arms in the afterglow of love making well done.

I didn't know how much I missed this kind of intimacy. I hope he enjoyed our love making as much as I did.

They cuddled and kissed for a long time when Layla felt his cock hardened again. "Harry, I want you again." 

He gave her what both of them wanted.

* * *

Three months later they walked into their mother's room together. 

"Mother, Melissa we have something to tell you. First, we're both pleased you're getting along so well now, and second, Harry and I are going to marry. We hope you approve."

"Well it's about time," Shirley raised her arms and pursed her lips.

"What's taken you so long Harry? Congratulations, she's a wonderful woman and I'm pleased you finally discovered that." 

They exchanged hugs and kisses with each other. 

"How soon are you going to get married?" Shirley asked looking back and forth between them.

"Yes, Shirley and I have been planning your wedding for the past several months. We'd like you to hold it here with us our friends and relatives."

"Do you mean you two knew about our interest in each other?"

"Your fascination with each other was as apparent as steel shaving being attracted to a magnet," Shirley said.

"Yes, we don't know why it's taken you so long. Neither are getting any younger you know."

Everyone laughed.

The wedding was held a month later in the recreation room of the nursing home. The room was full of residents and close friends of both families. They honeymooned on Maui in the Hawaii islands. Like a young couple they didn't spend much time seeing the sights because they were still not tired of their new found sex lives.

END