 God I couldn't believe what had happened earlier that afternoon in the gym with Ms Bond. Was it real or was I dreaming it? Had she come onto me and actually said those words, "I'm going to fuck you're big stud cock and drain your big bull balls!"

Your damn right she did I told myself and tomorrow we should get her chance to live her dream. But tomorrow seemed so far away, everything seemed to be moving slowly. I tried not to think about Ms Bond and her amazing toned and athletic body, her beautiful big breasts, soft full lips, her long blonde hair but I just couldn't get my mind off her and the problem with that is once my mind is on a beautiful women my cock can't help but respond and respond in a big way. 

As I lay there on the couch my hand moved involuntarily to my groin and before I knew it I was slowly stroking my rapidly hardening manhood. Oh god it felt sooo good in my hands. I tried to stop, I really did. I wanted my balls to be full of cum for Ms Bond tomorrow but I couldn't stop, I just couldn't. The more I tried to think about something else to distract my mind the worse it actually got.

First I tried to think of my studies but this just made me think of college, which made me think of the teachers at college, which made me think of Ms Bond which made me think of tomorrow which made me think of what it will be like to have her hands her lips and finally her pussy wrapped around my massive shaft. Shit this was going to be harder than I thought (excuse the pun). Everything I thought about led me back to tomorrow and Ms Bond and the fucking she promised me.

Even though I was home alone I felt a little awkward stroking my cock in the living room so I headed to my room so that if this ended up the way it was headed I could do so without having mum walk in on me.

As I lay there on my bed I mentally gave into the erotic thoughts that I had been fighting for the past hour and stripped naked. Even though I was in good physical shape, rowing and swimming had been a real pain but it gave me a strong athletic body with a powerful chest, large biceps, a good six pack and muscular legs. I couldn't help but steal a look in the full size mirror behind my door to check my self out hoping that what I saw would make Ms Bond weak at the knees. As I took in my reflection I did a bit of a flex here and there to convince myself that the slightly older Ms Bond would like my body. I knew I should have more self confidence but for some reason I needed to be sure that I was in good enough shape. Word was that Ms Bond was unbelievably fit and expected a lot from her men, anyway that was the word around college. As I started lowering my eyes I felt reasonably confident that Ms Bond would approve that was until I reached my waist where upon a big smile grew over my face as I looked down to my groin.

If my pecs, arms and abs were not enough for her the surely what was now protruding proudly from my groin would. I looked at the reflection with a sense of pride, a sense of confidence and a sense of what could almost be called arrogance. Yes there proudly throbbing, pulsating between my legs was my cock. If I was happy with the other parts of my body then I was ecstatic about what I had been blessed with in the cock department. There it stood its thick long shaft leading to its head which was as big as a peach (and as juicy I'm told). Big veins were evident pumping the large volumes of blood needed to feed this oversized sex organ. 

As I firmly grabbed it in my right hand I lifted it towards the ceiling so that I could see what lay beneath. I was pleased to see that my balls were fully primed with copious amounts of juice making them the size of lemons. My left hand cupped them from beneath forcing them forward as I stroked my massive cock with my right hand from the glistening head to its thick base slamming my fist against my balls resulting in cum being pumped up my shaft.

Oh god the feeling was overwhelming, I felt dizzy and light headed but continued to stroke my cock harder, faster more furiously. I was panting heavily, sweat beaded on my forehead and chest. As I was getting close to erupting I thought I heard the door close downstairs but I was beyond stopping my fist a blur on my footlong cock but just as I was nearing eruption point I heard a voice, was I dreaming, was I imagining it, had the blood drained so much into my cock that I was hearing voices that weren't there? 

No!! There was some one there.

"Brad? Brad you home?" came the voice from downstairs.

Shit who could that be I thought. Damn so close, what to do.

"Brad, it's me Sindy, you home?" came the voice of my neighbour.

Sindy, what a time for her to come over. But just as I was thinking what bad timing an evil thought had come over my mind. Sindy was a couple years older than me and we had often flirted, nothing serious just some harmless fun really. The odd comment here the odd brush of flesh there. I think Sindy really wanted it to go further but wasn't how I'd respond being a little younger than her. I had often lay in my bed at night thinking about her which lead to some serious masturbation on my behalf as I thought about her petite body.

Well now was that chance to test her out and see if she really did want this to go further. I quickly pulled on some tight fitting boxer shorts but not before giving my cock a final few strokes to get it to its full size. I ran to the bathroom wet my hair and upper body grabbed a towel and went down stairs.

As I approached the living room I pretended that I hadn't heard her and walked straight into her.

"Oh shit, Sindy... Sorry I didn't hear you come in. You looking for mum?" I asked leaving the towel drapped over my shoulder making no effort to conceal the massive bulge in my boxers.

'Uh, oh Brad... you are home. Actually I was looking for you," she replied looking me straight in the eyes.

'Well, here I am. What's up Sindy do you need a hand with something?" I asked smirking just a little at the obvious puns in what I had just said.

This time she couldn't help herself. Her eyes dropped to my groin where upon her mouth opened just a little before closing as she bit her bottom lip.

""Actually Brad you do ... I mean I do need a hand with something, something that's been bothering me for a while now?" she replied.

Before I could answer she reached over and grabbed my towel telling me that I was dripping everywhere on the floor. She wasn't kidding and not just from my body but also from my cock which was now leaking heavily making a huge precum stain in my boxers.

"Here let me dry you off a little," Sindy offered.

"Gee thanks Sindy," I replied lifting my arms so that she could fully dry my chest.

Sindy started by rubbing my chest and shoulders with the towel then my abs which I couldn't resist flexing for her. I could tell she liked what she was feeling by the sigh that she let out as she patted my pecs and ran her hands along my broad shoulders. She moved behind me and rubbed my back starting at the shoulders before moving done to my lower back.

"How's that Brad? Have I missed anywhere?" Sindy said provactively.

"Well actually there is one spot that needs some attention," I suggested.

"Oh yeah, is this it?" teased Sindy as she ran her hands across my groin running her palms slowly along my thick cock which was now straining against the fabric.

"Oh yeah Siiindy.... That's right on the money honey but I think its needs a little more," I replied.

Sindy was about 5 foot six compared to my 6 foot 2 inch so her mouth was level with my shoulder blades. She was petite but had nice full breasts (I was later to find out that her breasts are 32 DD), a tiny waist, long blonde hair and beautiful olive skin. In short she's a real hottie.

Sindy had now wrapped her arms around my torso and was rubbing my cock and balls vigorously. God the feeling was sensational, my cock strained to break free and throbbed. Suddenly I felt Sindy move her hands inside my boxers where upon she played with my cock for a minute or so. I'm sure I heard her say "what the fuck" as she realized her hand did not go close to closing around my shaft. Finally she extracted my cock and balls from their cotton confines.

"God Brad its huge, fucking huge!!" panted Sindy.

"Mmmm, it is isn't ," I replied proudly.

I could feel Sindy's hot breath on my cool back as her long nails were dragged along my sensitive shaft. Then I felt Sindy'd tongue running up from the small of my back, up up up along my spine sending shivers through my body until she was on her tip toes biting and sucking the back of neck. It was almost too much for me to handle. But Sindy had other ideas. Fearing that an explosion was imminent Sindy reached between my legs with one hand and grabbed my huge balls and squeezed hard.

Fuck what a feeling, I must admit it took my mind off blowing a big load as she literally had me by the balls.

"Hey big guy, not so quick there. I want this to last a while longer. I haven't even been properly introduced to your big friend there," Sindy teased. 

"Well let me do the honors babe," I said turning around to face Sindy. 

As I did my enormous cock brushed her stomach and then rose menacingly pointing up, forcing its way between her golden globes, spreading her tits apart, filling her ample cleavage with my shaft.

Sindy just looked down. Her mouth agape at the sight she confronted.

"God, its rather large isn't it," she stammered.

"Well I guess is one word for it although I have heard others," I admitted. 

"Mmmmm, like fucking ginormous?" she replied.

"Yeah like that. Some girls like to compare it to a baseball bat but that's just ridiculous. For god's sake its only 14 inches. A baseball bats much bigger than that," I laughed.

Sindy sat back removing my cock from her cleavage and attempted to wrap her right hand around it only to fail miserably as her tiny fingers and thumb were left still two inches apart. Nevertheless she began to stroke it long and slowly focusing on taking full footlong strokes from my cock's thick base to its bulging pulsating head.

"God Sindy that's good, real good," I managed to get out.

Sindy then took the head of my big cock in her mouth and began to suck it real hard. As I looked down she moved the head from one side of her mouth to the other each time causing her cheek to bulge obscenely from the side of her face. I think that it was really too big for her as she appeared to be struggling with its immense size. 

She looked up at me with oupy dog eyes which seemed to be telling that she couldn't take any more but her had stroking my cock told me otherwise. Her beautiful green eyes were slightly glazed over and her cheeks bulged but she continued to suck me hard. What a girl, what a cock sucker!!! Finally she removed her mouth form my cock.

"Hey Brad turn around I want to try something," asked Sindy.

I did as I was asked and Sindy stood behind me and reached around and again grabbed my cock. Hugging me tightly with her thighs wrapped around mine it was as if we were one. Next she began to jerk me off me off and then it dawned upon me that what she was doing was pretending that my cock was her's. She was grinding her hips into my ass like she was fucking me as she continued to stroke me furiously. The feeling was sensational.

"Hey Sindy, I've got an idea which I think you would like. How about we go to my room where I have a mirror where you can see yourself doing this, how does that sound?" I asked.

"Oh baby that sounds awesome, let's go," she replied grabbing me by the hand and leading me off to the bedroom.

When we got there Sindy quickly positioned us again as we were downstairs. We both looked to our left and I was amazed at what I saw. There I was standing feet spread to keep my balance my mammoth cock throbbing long and hard extended to its full 14 inches. Sindy was hugging me tightly her feet outside mine and her hot little tush gyrating and pumping my but. Her left hand was around my waist holding onto my abs for balance while her right hand was rapidly pounding my meat.

I must say that it actually looked like Sindy had a massive cock and boy was she enjoying it. Just to help her out I reached behind and grabbed her left butt cheek and squeezed it hard drawing it into me. God this was unbelievable.

"Hey Sindy, your not pretending that this cock is yours are you?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah!! I've always wondered what it must be like to have a cock and especially a nice big one like this. God it feel sooooo powerful, so hard. Ooooh look at me jerking off isn't it sexy," panted Sindy.

Wow! This was something else. Never before in all my fantasies had I imagined this one. A beautiful girl using my cock as if it was hers.

"Tell me Sindy, how does it feel, how does it feel to have massive cock?" I asked.

"Ohhh Brad, it feels so good, so fucking good!!!" she replied her eyes transfixed on the mirror.

"So Sindy what would you do with a cock like this if it was yours?" I asked.

"Oh Brad I would fuck hot babes so hard. I'd be the biggest fucking stud alive. I'd make girls begg to be fucked by it and then I fuck them sooo good, sooo hard," she replied.

Shit this was amazing it was like my cock really was hers.

"Hey Sindy, do you want to cum? Do you want you big cock to explode and blow a massive load of hot cum? How bad do you want to cum Sindy?" I asked.

"Oh shit Brad I want to cum, I want to cum now, I need to cum so hard. Please cum with me Brad, pleeaaassseee!!" she screamed.

"OK honey but you got stroke faster than that baby, give it some really hard strokes," I directed Sindy.

She responded by going into overdrive. Not only did she stroke faster she bucked her hips and drove her dripping pussy into my ass. For my part I helped by cupping my huge balls in my left hand which meant that at the bottom of each stroke her fist smashed into them forcing even more cum up my shaft.

Soon enough I knew that I could hold out no longer but this time I wanted to be the one to tell her to shoot her load. I knew that this is what she wanted.

"Oh shoot it baby, shoot a big load for Brad. Come on baby CUMMMMMMM!!" I yelled.

Sindy who was know completely absorbed by her role as a guy with a 14 inch cock started yelling at me.

"I'm cumming baby, I'm fucking cumming!!!! Oh shit its going to be huuuuge...." Her voiced trailed off as she pounded her fist on my shaft.

It was all too much for me. I felt a freight train full of cum rocketing up my shaft ready to erupt.

As my cock exploded sending long ropes of juice through the air I was amazed to hear Sindy scream.

"I'm cumming Brad I'm fucking cumming.... Look at all the cum I'm going off like a fucking volcano..." she screamed.

Wow, that was one out there sexual adventure. Sindy was totally spent. She slowly released her grip on my thighs, abs and cock and slide slowly to the floor where she collapsed into a heap. Likewise I was drained and out of breath. As I looked around there was cum everywhere, on the floor, on the mirror and even on some pictures hanging on the wall.

Slowly Sindy recovered. She blinked her eyes a few times and looked me up and down pausing momentarily on my cock which was still almost as rigid as before I came.

"Wow, that was amazing. You know I really felt like that monster cock belonged to me for a while there Brad. It really did," She gasped.

"I know honey, wasn't it amazing," I said agreeing with her.

After getting ourselves cleaned up I soon turned my attention to tomorrow when I would be catching up with Ms Bond which I knew would be sensational although this afternoon's little adventure was going to take a lot of beating.

In the next chapter Brad finally gets around to catching up with the super hot gym teacher Ms Bond who ends up being taken off to the hospital as a result of the fucking Brad gives her.

Thanks for all the feedback I have been receiving. Please keep it coming and if you leave an email I always reply.