 This's got a bit more of a storyline than some of the submissions I've read... If you're looking for instant gratification, this is not it. Feedback would be appreciated. ~A

*****

The water was chilly but wonderful as I slid in, my clothes in a heap on the dock. No one ever came up here this time of morning, as the only people in the area were in their twenties and partied all night. While I party, I prefer the quiet of the morning.

It's always nice to float in the warm water of the lake, it's calm. Peaceful. I don't have to worry about anything. No homework, no college debt... "Kyliiiiiiiie!" Holy Shit.

I was upright in the water instantly, only my head visible now instead of the majority of my bare body. "Who the..." It was Jack. I swear, you confide in one person, and they have to come annoy you about it. Last time I tell him anything private. "Jack, what the hell! I told you I come up here alone!"

"Thought you might want some company." He means well, but somehow he always screws it up.

"Not now, Jack, please. I like being alone in the mornings."

"Heeeyy... is this your shirt?" No, some other random girl decided to drop her shirt on the dock, then run away.

"Yes... please put it down!" I would normally have flown at him to prove yet again that I was bigger and stronger than him, and that he should quit messing with me. But what can you expect? Fourteen-year-old boys are not the smartest creatures in the universe.

"Whatever..." He dropped it back next to the rest of my clothes, making a funny face at the bra and underwear now in view. "I just wanted to tell you that Nathan came by asking for you, and I told him you were here."

"You did WHAT!?!"

"He told me you were up here. Not a hard concept..." I had swum further away from the dock in an attempt to keep Jack from seeing me naked, but at the same time I'd come nearer the eastern bank, which happened to be Nathan's choice path to come up and find me.

"Nate..." I knew I was bright red. From his grin, he must have been enjoying the moment. "Could you please go back down the trail and wait for me there?"

"Hmm." He made an excessive show of thinking about it. "Hey Jack, can you head back down the trail? Thanks for showing me the way up."

Idiot boy. Jack just shrugged and left. "Nate..." Wonderfully comfortable situation. Boyfriend's best friend and my best friend, close enough to pretty much see me totally naked. I used to be glad that the lake was so clear, but at this point I would've given anything for a polluted and mucky lake. "What is so important that you have to come find me up here, at this time of the morning?"

"First of all, it's ten thirty. That's not all that early. Secondly, how was I supposed to know what you were doing up here? Jack just said the lake. He didn't mention skinny dipping." I could see his eyes rove downwards, and my skin crawled.

"Turn around," I ordered weakly. "Ricardo won't..."

"Won't what?" he asked, before I could finish my sentence. "Won't like it? Kylie, that's what I came up here to tell you. Rick is moving. He's already half packed."

"What? When did this happen?" The bad part was I didn't really care. We hadn't been that close of late. He never seemed to be paying attention to me. I'd even considered dumping him the night before.

"He only told me last night. We were at Tracy's party... you probably heard us making so much noise." I just nodded, letting him go on. The fact that each time I tread water he could see my chest clearly had completely slipped my mind, but I managed to catch myself in time before I started swimming towards shore. "We were talking about you. I don't remember exactly what..." He didn't look like he meant it. I'd have to ask him about that later. "He... er... Kylie, you might not want to visit him right now. He was drunk, and didn't know what he was doing."

That was obviously not good. "Nathan, tell me right now. What stupid thing did he do this time?"

"This time?" Nate shook his head and ignored that for the moment. "Tracy and he started flirting, and you know how Tracy can be..." For the first time since he'd come up here he looked uncomfortable, scratching his head with one hand awkwardly. "Rick took Tracy home with him."

I opened my mouth, then closed it. What was I going to say? "I'm not surprised."

"What?" Nathan was clearly shocked. "Kylie, how can you say that? You were dating! This is completely unacceptable. Rick is an ass, and deserves you killing him for it. He probably expects it too, or he will once he wakes up next to Tracy."

I shook my head. "He's been an ass more than once. He knows what would happen if he did something again... I don't need to go beat it into him. I don't need to tell him we're done." I was speaking robotically, feeling gray inside. I swam slower, my arms and legs feeling like lead. I didn't notice until I dunked myself under. Then I swam towards the bank, no longer caring what Nate saw or didn't see.

"Kylie..." he turned away as I came closer.

"Oh hush. You've already seen me naked, Nate, don't get all embarrassed now." It was true, since he had been able to see me completely while I was in the water. When I got to the bank, I couldn't force my feet to stay under me. I was so upset and angry that I couldn't remain upright. "I'm going to kill him..." I muttered as Nate caught me.

He quickly let go, releasing me as if I had burned him. "Don't. He's not worth your effort. Never really has been."

I looked up at him then, and realized that he truly meant it. I agreed, but that had been a decision made over the past five months, and I wasn't as sure as Nathan seemed to be. "Why did you come to me?" I asked finally.

"I knew you'd be upset."

"I'm not upset. Murderous maybe, but not upset." He didn't move for an instant, then hugged me. I returned the gesture, not caring that I was still naked. My clothes were on the dock partway around the lake, and I wasn't going to bother getting them right now. "Nate," I began again, an idea rising out of my anger. "Come swim with me?"

"What?" He pulled back, startled. "Kylie..."

"What?" I repeated after him. "Do you want to or not?"

Now he did blush. "Yes," he admitted. "But that's not the point."

"What exactly is the point? My boyfriend has just cheated on me, and I'm sick and tired of waiting around to get hurt by people who don't care about me." I slowed down a moment, then added, "We've been friends for so long... I know you care."

"I do." He opened his arms, pulling me close when I stepped nearer. I could feel his muscles tense as his hands started to move lower to explore my ass, and the other tensing as he kept himself from doing it. "I'm just not sure it's a great idea."

"I think it's a wonderful idea. We're old enough to know what we're doing, and we've known each other long enough to not let this get in the way."

"That sounds like you're talking about more than just swimming," he accused, stepping backwards half a pace, but leaving his hands resting on my hips.

"Something wrong with that?"

Even though I couldn't see his eyes move more than a fraction, I knew he looked me up and down. In all modesty, I'm not all that bad looking. I got rid of most of my flab once I started swimming here every morning. In a way, I was glad he was seeing me like this. About time. "Nothing wrong with that," he responded, eyes rising to meet my own. "Are you sure?"

My own eyes lowering to look him over, I couldn't help but notice that his body was clearly up for the playful challenge. I traced the fake-Japanese letters on his shirt down to the bottom edge, at which point I slid my hand under his shirt. "Of course I am." He gave in, raising his arms as he let me slide his t-shirt off.

But that was about as far as he'd let me go before he pulled me into his arms again. Having my bare skin on his was an amazing feeling, one I hadn't known in awhile. It's the feeling of electricity between two people who honestly care for each other. His hands slid lower to cup my ass, exploring lightly the muscle I had acquired. I leaned away enough to show him my breasts yet again, and his eyes jumped to the new interest area. When he moved his hands from my backside around to my chest, I put my hands on his chest and then slid my fingers down and into his pants. He jumped, but held still enough for me to pop the button of his jeans, and unzip the fly.

His pants were baggy enough that I didn't have to pull them down, they just fell. I had to grin at the sight of his boxers, barely restraining his eager penis. (I couldn't help but be pleased at his size... much bigger than Ricardo, and all of it for me!) Smiling slowly, I used one finger to pull the boxers just enough to one side that his dick could poke through the fly of the shorts. He jumped as my hand met his skin, hardening further still, not that I would have thought it possible. His hands shook, so I paused long enough to grin at him, then knelt in front of him.

I think his whole body jumped. The tip of him certainly did. But he didn't let me touch him again, instead he stepped away and slid the boxers off as well. His smile matched my own as he commented, "Now we're even."

I crooked my finger at him in a clear 'come here' gesture, then backed up until my feet hit water. "Shallows are wonderful," I explained to him, moving backward yet further, then very slowly kneeling down again. "Not much chance of drowning if you lose control."

About to step forward, he changed his mind. "Come out of the water, Kylie. We wouldn't want to get you any wetter than you will be shortly." I think this time it was me that jumped eagerly, a detail carefully noted by his hungry eyes on me. "Let's go to The Cottage." The Cottage was a game hut that his family owned, completely out of use at the moment since his father was out of town. It made a wonderful getaway.

I stood, reaching one hand to take his, and then we were off running up the mountain further. We got further and further away from the town, and we ran faster and faster, more than eager now to find a private place. We made it, both of us panting heavily as he shoved the door open. I hurried inside to find a towel to dry myself off with, and I heard him throw the bolt.

I turned, towel partially covering me, to find his eyes on me. "No need to hide," he complained, and I dropped the towel. Again, I could feel his eyes on me, though this time he was taking in every detail of my tanned self.

"Please tell me you leave the bed made when you head down the trail," I told him, turning to head for the bedroom door.

He bounded to my side, catching me about the waist. "We don't. But there's more than enough room for us anywhere." He pulled me against him, and as I turned to face him, I couldn't help but shiver with anticipation as his dick drew a line across my hip, and then poked at my inner thighs. "Kiss me, Kylie," he begged, hands rising to cup my face. "Now that you've wrapped me around your little finger..."

I wouldn't let him finish. I'd kissed him before, but more as good friends just testing the waters. This time our friendship dimmed next to the heat of our bodies pressing against one another. Our kisses were furious, both of us taking out our annoyance at life, at the same time as drinking in the new opportunity with all our hearts. Then I pulled away. "I was in the middle of something..." I reminded him, one finger tracing down his chest, down his abdomen to meet his cock, looking about to burst. My single finger stroked him into rising yet further as I knelt in front of him, my eyes locked on his own.

I've never felt such a shock as when I kissed him. His entire body shook, but so did mine. The reaction from both of us encouraged me to the point of bringing my mouth and both hands to bear on him, rubbing and sucking his pleasure to heights I'd not thought possible. When I tasted salt, I was surprised to feel a bit of wetness from between my own legs. And he hadn't even touched me yet...

He noticed when I hesitated, and knelt himself, lips quickly finding mine as my arms went about his neck. His hands on the other hand, moved quickly to my chest, so eager it made me wonder if he'd thought of this before. While I had, it had been more of a random fancy than an actual idea. We were just good friends... before.

It was my turn to gasp as one of his hands, having left my skin for a short moment, suddenly darted back into contact with me... between my legs. He didn't have time to even move his fingers before I could feel more wetness. His smile widened as he removed his hand, and lay me backwards on the rug. His eyes shone as I lay flat, and he moved to kneel between my legs.

Instead of lying atop me as I was so desperately hoping, he ran his hands up the inside of my thighs, spreading my legs wide enough to give him room to lower his head. His tongue barely touched me before I jumped. He paused, then lowered his head further and extended his tongue deep within me, which I knew quite well was already dripping with want of him. It was enough to get more wetness from me. I think he tasted it, my unique taste, then did it again.

"Nate..." I was about to lose control of my insides. I think he realized that, because he lay on top of me, though he carefully kept himself separate from me for the moment.

"Yes?" he asked rhetorically, his fingers taking over from his tongue. My whole body stiffened as two of his fingers strove deep within me.

"Ahh!" I practically screamed, body reacting so strongly I couldn't breathe for a moment. "Oh don't do that... Don't tease me..."

"Never, Kylie." He bent his head to kiss me, and I lost myself in his kisses, putting my arms back around his neck, where they belonged.

I stopped, pulling back as much as I could while lying beneath him. "I want you desperately," I whispered.

"Me too," he responded, nose rubbing mine. "I can't savor this any longer. You ready?"

In response I wiggled slightly, until I could feel the touch of him between my widely open legs. "Please. Don't make me wait any longer. I've thought of this for years," I admitted. I don't know if he nodded or responded in any way, because in that instant the tip of his penis moved to touch me, centered perfectly for his entrance. I think I moaned slightly, biting it back, surprised at how excited I already was. "Oh, Nate..." I whispered.

Instead of a vocal response, he slid slowly, ever so slowly, into me. I could have moaned with pleasure the entire time if I hadn't stopped myself.

"Oh god Nate..." I felt my hips roll slightly, anticipating the motions that would bring us both together in passion. The movement was enough to freeze us both, wrapped in each other's arms.

"I want you, Kylie..." he affirmed, pulling back before sliding in again, still slowly. This time I couldn't keep myself from moaning.

"That's torture, Nate," I moaned. "Please show me..." I don't know what I was about to ask, but I didn't have time. His retreat and return were anything but slow, and made me cry out. Encouraged, he began moving forth and back, faster and faster, urged on by my gasps and moans, each getting louder and higher pitched.

Within moments, his gasps joined my own. My hips began rolling to meet each of his advances, ramming us together so completely that I could feel the contact within me. The true pleasure center of my body now awoken, I could feel my passion rising and rising, almost too fast for my breath to be possible. "Ohh..." His own tiny utterances joined mine as we rose together to utter bliss.