 The first rays of sunlight streamed through the dense canopy of trees and flooded out across the open rock face. As the bright white rays of light reached out and warmed Henry's face he blinked his eyes to the early mountain morning. He breathed in the cold crisp air and filled his lungs to capacity. With a long slow exhale he felt an overwhelming sense of satisfaction, security even. He slowly opened his eyes and looked out across the vast Blue Ridge Mountains rolling away from his perch high atop this outcropping of rock. Henry hardly noticed the chill of the early morning or the slight dampness from the freshly settled dew. He felt more comfort and relaxation than ever before in his life. As the sun slowly began its accent into the bright morning sky, long thin shadows from the surrounding trees stretched across his rock. The leaves danced in the gentle breeze, which carried the slight hint of a campfire from below. The river in the gorge bottom far bellow was reduced to a subtle hum as its waters rushed over the rocks and falls.

Henry slowly sat up letting the thick wool blanket fall from his broad naked shoulders. He looked down on the peaceful beautiful visage of slumber, Lucy. She slept comfortably curled under the blanket oblivious to the new dawn and its beauty. Henry gazed over curvaceous form exquisitely outlined by the plaid of the blanket. He closed his eyes as he breathed in a deep breath remembering the night before, and carefully stroking the long soft tendrils of Lucy's blonde hair.

Henry was a stock analyst whose job stress had built to almost uncontrollable levels. The recent economic downturns and poor predictions for technology stocks had effectively transformed him into a crumbling basket of nerves. This was exacerbated by the recent and ugly break-up of his first marriage. To throw salt on the wounds his ex-wife's man-hating dike lawyer had provoked the normally calm and sedate Henry during the custody proceedings. Her questioning had sent him off the deep end into a tyrant of "fucking bitches," "heartless cunts," and a few "that slut should just fucking die and put the rest of us out of our misery" type statements that did little to impress the prim and proper female judge. The end result had left him with guarded visitation rights of his two young children. And just before this outing his bitch ex-wife had metaphorically thrown a can of Morton's salt into Henry's gaping wound of a life, by moving the kids to the west coast to live with her new handsome rich boyfriend.

After showing little sympathy and even some aggressiveness toward one of Henry's firm's oldest and richest clients about the investor's recent shelling in the tech market, Henry's boss had suspended him and booked Henry on a one week stress reduction wilderness adventure thing in the near-by Blue Ridge mountains. Henry grew up in a small town in those mountains and knew them well. In high school and college he was an avid rock climber and backpacker, hiking the entire Appalachian Trail from Main down to Georgia between his sophomore and junior years in college. Since graduating, Henry had gotten caught up in the economic boom of the 90's and lost sight of the outdoors. 

He had met and married a trophy wife, squeezed out two beautiful kids and owned a loyal lovable mutt. He was living the American dream, until the markets turned and his wife fucked the neighbor. Now after ten years in the city Henry would return to the mountains of his youth for the first time. Only this was a different Henry, jaded, lost, and confused.

Henry drove his pristine new SUV up the winding roads to the lodge where his group would meet and head out for the week. It was a warm summer day and Henry actually was looking forward to returning to his homelands. As he pulled into the gravel lot he surveyed the collecting group of people he would spend the next week with. Two gentlemen struggled and pulled their large packs out of the trunk of their new BMW near the front of the logged lodge. They appeared to be in their early to mid fifties. By the way they interacted and touched each other, Henry felt sure they were gay partners. On the porch of the lodge a man in his early forties, trim and well dressed, talked loudly on his cell phone. That's when Henry saw her for the first time.

Lucy walked out of the screen door from the lodge onto the large covered porch. From the SUV, Henry could see that she was tall, her long legs stretched nicely, shapely from the bottom of her cut off jeans to the top of her worn boots. Her hips sloped gently into her tight waste and spread back to her amble breasts. Her voluptuous chest accentuated by the tight ribbed white t-shirt that could be seen beneath her unbuttoned flannel. Her face was round with bright cheeks and crystal blue eyes that pierced through the tiny strings of blonde bangs that covered her forehead. The rest of her dirty blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail that bounced playfully off her head as she descended the front stairs and headed for his truck.

Henry was struck. He sat silently in his truck watching intently as this gorgeous woman made her way toward him. The quickly gathering sweat of his palms caused his hands to slide down the steering wheel. His mouth slightly ajar as he took note of the way her breasts bounced ever so slightly with each step. He closed his mouth and swallowed. Henry closed his eyes and shook his head; he had not reacted that way to a woman in years.

Tick, Tick, Tick. Henry opened his eyes to see this beautiful woman standing right outside his truck, knocking on his window. He reached forward and lowered the window, breathing the fresh mountain air that was sweetened by her soft scent as it rushed into his truck. He could not speak.

"You comin' with us, or are you gonna sit in that thing all week?" She jokingly quipped through a pleasant smile.

"Uh, yeah, I mean no. Hang on." Henry choked out these words sounding like a stuttering fool.

"Well get your pack, the rest of the group is ready to hit the trail." With that she walked back up toward the cabin.

Henry got out of the truck trying to shake it off as he grabbed his pack out of the back. He joined the others on the porch. The two men at the BMW were indeed gay lovers up here in an effort to rekindle their relationship. Rick, and Steve seemed like nice enough guys. Rick was very flamboyant which played quite humorously to Pete's reserved nature and quick wit. The cell phone talker from before, Jim had been sent up here by his employer much like Henry. Only Jim was a snobby city boy, who did not want to be here. Out of the cabin came Jackie a larger, older woman who had come up on vacation. She was almost as round as she was tall and had a very bubbly personality. Her husband had just left her for his twenty year-old model secretary and she was out to prove to herself she had more adventure in her than cussing at the little league soccer coach on Saturday afternoons. Lucy would be their guide. She was laid back mountain girl through and though. It was all Henry could do to gather enough concentration to keep the drool from leaking out over his lower lip as Lucy expertly laid out their course and a few simple ground rules.

Soon enough Henry found himself following Lucy up the trail away from the cabin, followed closely by the others. He barely noticed the forest off to either side or the initial steepness of the trail as he could barely tear his eyes from her perfectly rounded ass swaying up the trail ahead. He melted in the sound of her soft southern drawl as she recounted some history of these mountains and explained what the group could expect to see along the way.

A few hours into the hike, Henry couldn't help but to begin to notice the strength of his legs starting to fail. The reaming members of the group had slowed their pace and were lagging further behind. Henry and Lucy had begun conversing. As the trial passed they talked about their pasts and hometowns. As it turned out Lucy had grown up near Henry going to the rival high school of Henry's alma mater. As they talked and laughed mostly at Henry's stumbling nervous words at first, Henry felt his tongue begin to reduce to a normal size. He was sure it had swollen to epic proportions when Lucy had first turned around to him to ask him where he was from. Henry soaked in as much of her contagious laugh a looked to catch as many glimpses of her beautiful smile as possible.

They walked out over the top of a pass between two peeks and looked out over a grand view of the ancient mountains. Henry stood right next to Lucy, his arm just barely brushing against hers. As they touched for the first time, Henry held his breath slightly. Lucy almost instantly raised her gentle hand and laid it on his shoulder. Her touch sent chills down his spine as she pointed to the peaks outlining the horizon. Henry turned to her face as she looked at him. Their eyes met and locked. Henry could feel himself melting into her gaze. Neither spoke as they looked longingly at each other. Somehow they knew without words what the other felt. A strong connection had been made.

"I am dying! I know my cute little feet have calluses all over them!" Rick exclaimed as he rounded the bend in the trail to the clearing with Henry and Lucy.

The others followed shortly. Lucy moved back the group away from Henry. She began to explain to the group that this would be their campsite for the first night. As she laid out the instructions for picking tent sites and how to lay the foundations for the campfire, Henry drifted off into the view relishing in the moment that had just passed.

The sun lowered in the sky, ducking in out of the passing puffy clouds. The shadows stretched long across the campsite, as the remaining light turned golden. The group sat around the fire recounting the woes of their lives, laughing and lighthearted joking spurred by Rick and Steve. Henry occasionally drifted off into Lucy's eyes. He reveled in the sporadic winks she seductively delivered when their eyes met.

After a hilarious spat between Rick and Steve had sent Jim off to his tent to play with his new PDA, Henry opted to look for higher ground to see the spectacular sunsets these mountains are known for. He found a small outcropping of rocks and adeptly traversed and climbed his way to the flat top. There he was just out above the trees that covered the slopes down into the gorge. The evening breeze blew across the open face and cooled Henry as he sat and looked out over the range.

He leaned back on his elbows and cocked his head to one side as his nose caught a sniff of something familiar. He detected the same sweet smell from the first time he had met Lucy from the campfire smoke that drifted up side of the rock. A stick cracked behind him and he turned to see Lucy standing on the rock holding a large blanket. She smiled and moved toward him.

"Not an easy climb to get here, you are from the mountains." She said as she sat down beside him. "I brought a blanket because the night can be cold."

"Thank you." All Henry could get out as his heart began to race.

"I love the clear mountain nights, we should begin to see stars and satellites any minute now." Lucy leaned back close to Henry allowing her arms and hips to touch his.

"Uhm, yeah." Henry's heart pounded in his chest.

They sat in silence for a few moments watching the last rays of the sun dip below the ridge across the gorge. Lucy leaned in closer to Henry laying her head on his shoulder.

"You make me feel comfortable, Henry" Lucy drew out her words softly as the starts overhead began to twinkle in the ever darkening night.

Lucy lifted her head and looked directly into Henry's eyes. He froze in her stare. She moved closer until their lips barely touched. She blinked and he could feel her soft eyelashes brush his cheek. Slowly Henry opened his mouth just a bit and leaned in to kiss Lucy.

As their lips met Henry and Lucy embraced holding this first kiss in a passionate lock. Lucy teased the tip of Henry's lips with her tongue. He reciprocated trailing his tongue just along the inside of her lips. Their passion grew as their tongues became interlocked and the kiss grew deeper.

Henry rubbed Lucy's back with his hands moving them down to her waste and sliding back up under her flannel over shirt. Carefully he slipped the shirt off her shoulders and down her arm. Henry gently kissed his way to her ear nibbling on her soft lobe. He looked down over her bare shoulder covered only by the strap of her tank t-shirt and bra. He glided his fingers down from the nape of her slender neck across her shoulder over her smooth arm. 

His heart leaped as Lucy reached around and pulled his shirt out of his jeans and up over his head. She rubbed her hands down across his broad shoulders over his developed chest slightly populated with gentle hair and down his firm stomach to his waste. She sat back and peered over Henry down from his hazel deep eyes over his chest to the slight bulge in the crotch of his jeans. Henry's eyes poured over Lucy from her knees along her smooth thighs to the tight crotch of her cut-off's. It was difficult to tell if there were panties beneath her jeans. He ran his eyes up to her bulging breasts tipped with erect nipples poking at the thin fabric of the t-shirt. He could clearly see the lace and flower design of her bra beneath the stretched thin shirt.

As Henry leaned into Lucy, his hands tugged the t-shirt from the grip of the waste band of her shorts and lifted it up over her head and off. He cocked his head to one side and gently kissed her neck just below her ear. His hands gripped her side right below her breasts and he firmly rubbed them around her back wrapping her into a firm embrace. He deftly kissed her neck sucking at it slightly with each kiss. She threw her head back and let out a slight moan.

Lucy tugged the button of Henry's jeans loose and lowered the zipper to allow his hardening cock out. She pressed her hand against his cock and balls gripping them as he popped the snap of her bar. He kissed the very base of her neck as her bra slid from her shoulder springing her ample tits free from their bounds. Firmly and slowly Henry moved his hand around to grip her breasts, closing his eyes as he felt their softness.

Extending his tongue Henry licked his way down between Lucy's breasts and up over to her left nipple. His right hand began to massage her right breast as his tongue toyed with the left nipple. He closed his mouth around her entire areola and sucked in slightly. Lucy breathed out heavily as she began to slide Henry's jeans and boxers over his hips and down to his knees.

Henry kicked off his boxers and jeans as Lucy handled his cock and balls expertly massaging them with both hands. He continued his oral attention to her extended and hardened nipple. He sucked her nipple deep into his mouth, toying with the very tip by flicking at it with his tongue. His hand massaged her breast and rolled the other nipple gently between his thumb and forefinger.

Henry once again extended his tongue and licked his way down between her breasts and up over to the other. Again he closed his mouth down around her entire areola sucking in her nipple. He moved his hand down from her breast to her stomach and fished his long fingers just beyond the waste of her jean short. He could feel no panties before his fingers felt the first hairs of her pubis. He unbuttoned Lucy's shorts and opened the fly to her closely trimmed light colored bush.

Laying Lucy onto her back across the stretched blanket, Henry pulled her shorts off. He kissed on the mouth, slowly pushing his tongue deep into her. His hands explored her from the tip of her knees, up past her moistened pussy, over her flat stomach, to her large breasts, heaving with her deep breaths. He ran his long wet tongue down her neck, between her breasts, down her stomach to her belly button. At her belly button he closed his lips for a gentle kiss before continuing his descent.

Moving his hands to her knees, Henry gently spread Lucy's legs revealing her already wet pussy to his willing mouth. Henry ran his tongue around her labia breathing in her deep sweet smell. At the base of her slit he ran his tongue up the center just barely past the edges of her moistened pussy lips. To the tip where his tongue extended down just slightly to nudge the very tip of her hardening clit. She moaned and arched her back, and he licked his way back the base of her pussy. 

Pressing his face into her wet crotch, Henry stuck his tongue as deep into her pussy as he could. Wiggling in there, using his tongue to explore her pussy. He pulled his head back and began to lick around her soaked pussy; taking in her sweet juices that began to flow more freely. He moved one hand up her limp thigh to the edge of her opening. As his tongue licked circles around her hardened clit, he slipped a finger into her pussy.

Slowly Henry licked Lucy's clit, gently flipping at the tip and circling the base. He closed his mouth around her clit sucking it in deep. All the while his long finger slowly slid in and out of her pussy. As he gently and slightly nibbled down on her clit, he added a second finger and pushed them deep inside her. She let out another moan whispering yes. Her hand gripped the hair on top of his head.

"Don't stop." Lucy moaned.

Driving his fingers deep into Lucy's pussy, Henry bent them slightly and felt the "roof" of her pussy as he pulled them slowly out before pushing them back in. His tongue began to flip and toy with her clit more aggressively. She writhed on the rock moaning with the pleasure of his fingers and tongue. Her breathing became shallow, her moaning became grunts.

"Oh God, Henry, yes." She let out as the first wave of orgasm gripped her body. She convulsed in pleasure as Henry intensified his actions in and to her pussy. She gripped his hair and breathed heavily as the orgasm ripped through her body. Henry licked and sucked in her sweet juices as she came.

Slowly Henry lifted his head and looked directly into Lucy's eyes. She winked at him and pulled him over her. They kissed deep and hard. Their tongues were wrestling in each other's mouths. Henry pressed the head of his rock hard cock against the opening to Lucy' pussy.

"I want you inside me now." Lucy grunted through their kiss.

With one swift jerk Henry pressed his cock deep into Lucy's soaking and willing pussy. He started slow, pulling his cock almost all the way out before pressing it back inside. Slowly Henry began to pick-up the pace. He thrusted his cock deep into Lucy's pussy each time a little harder; each time a little faster. She lifted her legs, spreading them wide and bending at the knee to allow Henry to drive his cock deeper into her pussy.

Henry's breathing grew shallow, his pace quickened. He began to pound Lucy as hard and as fast as he could. Lucy could feel Henry's balls slapping against her ass as he fucked her. Then his balls tightened. Henry slowed his pace and with one strong hard thrust he shot his load deep inside Lucy's pussy.

Henry grunt as his cum filled Lucy's pussy. His final thrusts and spasming cock sent Lucy into a second fit of orgasm convulsions. Henry locked his eyes on Lucy's and the too kissed even deeper and more passionately than before.

Henry collapsed on the blanket beside Lucy. No words were spoken. None were needed. Lucy curled up on Henry's chest and drifted into a deep slumber. Henry lay awake just a bit watching the stars twinkling on and off in the dark night sky. He thought about the rest off the week, and drifted off to sleep with the first contented smile he'd had in months.