 This is probably one of my favorite places in the whole wide world-it's actually a piece of land in Montana I'd like to own...someday. 

Let me set the scene:

We live on a mountain retreat, 100 acres of wooded pine and evergreen trees, a small creek with two waterfalls runs through our land. It's a nice warm summer's weekend day...

It goes like this: Enjoy!

After a peaceful night's sleep we get up and have a wonderful breakfast cooked by me. I ask you what your plans are for the day and you tell me you'd like to work on the 'pathway' at the creek, where we're installing a picnic table overlooking the stream, and ask if I'd like to come with you.

"I'll be along later," I tell you.

You go out, load the ATV with the equipment and tools, and you're on your way...Meanwhile, in the house, I'm planning a little surprise for you, which involves a friend. After a few hours of digging, grading and laying forms for the cement pad, you stop for a break...you hadn't noticed yet that I'm walking down the path toward you wearing a halter-top and a pair of cutoff jean shorts and a backpack.

"Hey darlin'," I speak up as I give you a kiss and nibble at your neck as you tell me how I look good in the halter and shorts I'm wearing. I spread a blanket on the ground and display the contents of my pack, sandwiches and cold drinks.

Together we sit on the blanket and eat the picnic lunch. We snuggle, kissing softly. You thank me for the snack and ask me if I'm going back while I place the leftovers in the pack after finishing eating. 

"No, I think I'll stay around for a while," and tell you I'm going to take a short walk up to the waterfall and will be back soon.

An hour has passed and I still haven't returned. You decide to come after me to see if I'm okay. It's about 1 p.m. and the sun is at its highest and so is the heat. It doesn't take long for you to find me sunbathing in the nude next to the waterfall.

"Hey baby, I thought you were going to come right back?" you say as you sit down beside me.

"That was my plan, but after I got here and saw how peaceful it looked and how hot it is today I thought I'd take a sunbath." I roll over on my back and greet your sexy mouth with a long passionate kiss, our tongues exploring each other's mouths.

I begin to undress you, taking off your shirt, running my fingers over your chest, planting a few kisses along the way. Off come your shoes and socks. As I pull your shorts down I'm careful to put a hand around your hardening cock and guide it out of its confined space. All your clothes are off and you lay down next to me. You wrap your arms around me and pull me close. We enjoy another hot deep kiss. 

"How about a dip in the creek to rinse some of the sweat off?" you ask. 

"Sounds great."

We wade into the deepest part of the creek, playing, splashing. We sit down in the water about mid-chest deep. I reach underwater and wrap my hand around your hardened cock and give a gentle squeeze. I tell you to lean back against the rocks and enjoy. Just then I slide under the water and you feel my very hot lips engulf your extremely rock hard cock as I take it in my mouth. Feel my tongue as it swirls around and around the head of that luscious cock. I've brought all 10 inches to aching hardness. I come back up and we move to a more shallow part of the creek. We sit down on a rock that is partially submerged. I reach down and work my fingers on my sweet little coochie and locate my clit while you reach down and wrap your hand around that hardened monster cock and begin to stroke yourself. 

I begin to rub my little love button in rhythm with yours as you stroke your shaft....Mmmmmmmmm...stop! I say, let me do that. First my hand grips your cock and slowly begins to stroke you. 

"Baby, you are so good at this!" you say, moaning....And leaning over, you kiss my hardened nipple and tweak it between your teeth. I moan, throwing my head back the other nipple while my hand works on the gigantic rod.

You moan with pleasure and I lean down to take your cock into my mouth...I run my tongue up and down the shaft, flicking a lick over your balls. I begin to suck greedily, licking as I bob my head up and down, swirling around the head, flicking to and fro over the sensitive underside. You place your hand on the back of my neck and run your fingers through my hair, caressing my face, tracing your fingers around my mouth as I suck the hell out of your big dick. You move your hands back to the back of my neck and move along with my intense sucking. You apply a small amount of pressure and coax me to take more into my mouth.

"Feels good, baby," you moan and urge me to suck your cock harder. You want me to take it all the way in...as much as I can...I take more of it down my throat and suck harder and harder. "Aahhhh yes, baby, suck it baby, yes, baby."

You grunt loudly several times and I feel your cock quiver. You let out a loud moan, grunting, as you pump your hips upwards, thrusting into my mouth and down my throat and you begin to cum....I pull back as you call out your relief, bellowing to the world to hear, "Ohhhhh yes!" 

We watch as each heavy spurt hits my face, neck, and breasts. I slide down in the water to rinse myself off....Then as I come back up, we step to the shore and you push me down on the sand and dive right into my hot wet cunt. You spread my legs and find my pussy lips with your tongue and lap up my hot juices. It doesn't take long to make me cum again.

"You're a hot bitch today, honey," you tell me and shove your tongue into my pussy as deep as it will go. I moan and buck my hips in rhythm with you. Your tongue flicks back and forth over my clit and I scream, cumming instantly. Your mouth and tongue feel real heavenly on my swollen clit and wet coochie. I let out another scream as you twist a finger into my tight ass and two more into my sweet little puss. I squeeze my muscles tight around your fingers and scream as I cum once more. You use your tongue faster and faster on my clit as your fingers work on my ass and pussy. 

I scream again, "I'm cummmmiingg! Ohhhhhhhhh yesss YES! YES! YES! OOOOOOOOOhhhh YESSSS!!!!" and tell you to lick the fuck out of my cunt and clit! I tense up and scream. 

Just then you feel a flood of female juices gush out over your mouth, tongue and fingers...my sweet cum is hot and delicious...my cunt pumps it out gush after gush to soak your face....Before I've even begun to come down from that incredible hot orgasm, you move between my legs and slide that monster cock into my pussy, burying it to the hilt-YES! I scream and we move together...feeling like you wanna fuck the hell out of my cunt, a purely animalistic fuck our brains out fuck....I wrap my legs around your back and hold on while you start banging your cock inside my tight hole with the power of a possessed sex demon! In and out, harder, faster, we both moan together and I dig my nails into your back.

"Harder," I scream, not caring whether it'll hurt or how sore I'll be...we're both in a state of sexual frenzy and you slam into me as hard as you can. Our moans grow louder. Our breathing coming in short pants, and I scream as I begin to cum as your cock hits my g-spot repeatedly.

The frantic fuck lasts for what seems forever as I cum several more times. You're thrusting in as hard and as fast as you possibly can and soon I hear your moans, grunts and groans getting as loud as mine as you begin to cum too. I join you and we cum together, moaning, screaming, as you cum inside me.

"Take it, baby, take it all," you moan as you empty the last of your seed within my hot pussy.

You give me a soft kiss before you lead me into the creek to rinse off. Then we dress, walk down the path and gather all the tools, packing them on the ATV. I hop on the back and we head for home....What a perfect afternoon!