 Lara and Adam first met at university. Lara was a 20 year old 2nd year undergraduate student and Adam was a young new lecturer from that years' intake. There was 9 years between them, however this did not prevent them attracting each others attention. 

As the months went by Adam found himself helping Lara more than other students, which was not hard considering she was a keen student and was petite (5'1" tall), slim, blonde and very attractive; your typical English Rose kind of girl and just Adam's type. Lara couldn't help but notice Adam too. He was 6'2", broad shouldered and bright. Lara was in awe of this subject knowledge, which she also found attractive. 

Soon enough they became closer and discovered they lived in the same direction and Lara often offered Adam a lift home. Once a year or so had passed by their closeness became flirty. Both fantasising about bedding each other.

Then Lara's graduation night came with a few celebratory drinks at the university, followed by a bunch of students and lecturers heading into the city for a few additional drinks. As the drinks flowed the flirting between Lara & Adam intensified, until Adam pulled Lara in to a dark alcove in the bar and kissed her hard. The professional frustration of Lara being his student had been built up inside him and now she had graduated he could wait no longer. Lara enthusiastically kissed him back and relaxed in to his big arms. Lara had longed for this also. It didn't take long for Adam to suggest a taxi back to his place so they could be away from prying eyes. Lara would never normally agree to going to a man's house on the first night but she felt so comfortable with Adam and his 'position of trust' aiding a quick decision. They separately made their excuses and left the bar. 

Meeting outside Adam hailed a taxi and they headed to his house. In the taxi, Lara drunkenly snuggled into Adam's arms. 

They arrived at Adam's and went straight to his bedroom as he shared the house with a friend. The kissing continued and intensified. Lara was not as experienced Adam and had only been with one other man; her former boyfriend whom she went through college with and was still seeing when she started at university. As they kissed they fell back on to the bed. Adam's hands wandering over Lara's little black dress which hugged her youthful body. Slowly he started to unzip her dress. Lara felt she shouldn't allow him so soon but her body was craving him. Lara knew Adam could do anything he wanted to her and she would not be able to resist. 

Lara's dress was now open down the back and Adam slipped it down over her shoulders exposing her firm breasts in her lacy black bra. It did not go unnoticed on Adam that Lara was a good C cup and they were firm and pert; a youthful pair that Adam was looking forward to taking in his mouth.

Adam continued to slip Lara's dress down past her waist, over her toned legs until it was completely removed from her body. Lara could not help recognise she was now lying on her former lecturer's bed in just her lacy thong and bra, her chest heaving passionately with anticipation of what is going to happen next. Adam could see Lara's inexperience and decided to take control of the situation. He undressed completely in front of Lara. Not taking his eyes off her eyes throughout. As he removed his boxers his hard cock sprang free. Lara's eyes widened at his 7" veiny dick and she unwittingly bit her bottom lip at the sight. 

Adam then slowly climbed on top of Lara and kissed her hard as he pulled her hands above her head and held them there. Lara could feel his hard cock pressing against her now wet thong. Adam now keen to really take control reached up to grab the tie from his dressing gown hanging by the bed and tied Lara's hands together and to the iron headboard. 

Lara was now completely in his control and she discovered she liked it. Lara felt like he was teaching her, just as he had in university. Adam kissed Lara's neck, an area she had once revealed was an erogenous zone for her. Adam took pleasure from knowing he was teasing Lara and turning her on. He could really feel her wetness against his cock now. 

Adam continued to kiss Lara's body, down her neck, across her chest to the edge of her bra. His mouth moving over her now erect nipple on her right breast. Only the lacy fabric between her nipple and his mouth. Adam had masturbated about the thought of Lara's breasts many times now her nipple was an inch away from his tongue. Adam licked across Lara's nipple through her lace. Lara's back involuntary arched towards his mouth. Lara wanted him to take her in his mouth. Adam moved his hand to slip the fabric over Lara's firm breast to expose her aching nipple. Adam slowly moved his mouth over her nipple, the hot heat from his breath driving Lara crazy. Then he took her in his mouth as his right hand pressed against her wet mound. Lara groaned. Adam expertly slipped his finger around the edge of her thong to pull them aside. His finger exploring her wetness, parting her pussy lips and slipping a finger insider her. Lara felt soaking wet. Much wetter than he expected. He fingered her pussy as he sucked and licked her erect nipple. Lara groaned as he finger fucked her, his finger curving up to stroke her g-spot. Adam really wanted to fuck Lara now. To be inside her. Inside his former student.

Adam slipped his fingers out of Lara's soaking wet pussy and pushed his hard cock against her now exposed pussy lips. Her thong no longer a barrier between them. Adam felt Lara's pussy lips eagerly accept his cock but as he pushed inside her tightness restricted him. He slowly pushed his hips forward, his cock inching inside Lara. Lara moaned deeply as she sucked her bottom lip. Adam showing his position of dominance and pulled back out. The tip of his cock resting against her pussy lips. Adam deliberately let his cock miss her pussy hole and slip up between her pussy lips to Lara's clit. Adam teased her clit as he stared deeply in to Lara's eyes. Lara thought to herself, you bastard, you're loving this aren't you. But really Lara was too. Lara was actually discovering a new fetish; to be at the mercy of someone. To be dominated. Adam rubbed his cock over Lara's clit and it drove her crazy. She felt she could come so quickly but wanted to be fucked by her former lecturer, so she moved her hips to position her pussy hole over the tip of his cock and pushed herself forward. To her own and Adam's surprised it worked and the head of his cock was inside her. Adam said to Lara "ooo that's cheeky and for that you're going to get it!"

This excited Lara. Adam thrust deep inside her and to Lara's shock and pleasure. Lara's legs wrapped around Adam, her hands still tied up above her head. Adam was fucking Lara hard and fast, watching and hearing her groan with each thrust. His hand moving up to wrap around her neck as he fucked his former student hard. Lara cried out as she came heavily whilst Adam was still deep inside her. This nearly brought Adam to cum too but he had other ideas and pulled out and moved his body up to position his throbbing cock in front of Lara's mouth. Lara eagerly took him into her mouth as Adam thrust in to it. It only took a few thrusts and Adam came deep down Lara's throat. Adam collapsed next to Lara breath heavily. Lara giggled "can you untie me now?" Adam untied Lara and they lay next to each other hot and sweaty, both catching their breath.

They then chatted and laughed for a while about the relieve of pent up sexual tension between them until they slow fell asleep together.

Lara and Adam continued to have a very passionate relationship after their first night together however this passion often lead to passion outside their sex life, in to arguments and their relationship didn't last. However they still regularly spoke and the conversation often led to talk of how great they were in bed together. As the year's past Lara's sexual confidence had grown from her exploits with Adam and her boyfriends following and now Lara was the more adventurous which led to more eventful exploits between her and her former lecturer... To be continued...