 Sooo... we've finally found a weekend to sneak away together... and the mountains are calling to us... 

I've found us the most perfect, secluded cabin. Nothing around us except endless spruce trees... 

I head out there first as you're still trying to get away from work... (such a demanding client *wink*) and while I'm waiting for you... I get some things ready... wine... chocolate fondue warming and most of all... the hot tub outside... 

I decide to jump in by myself before you arrive... I throw on some soft music in the background... pour myself some wine... and put on my swimsuit... mmmm it's soooo hot as I slip in... I rest my head back on the edge... close my eyes and soak up the fresh air and melt into the music... 

I didn't hear your truck pull up... the atmosphere has mesmerized me... and as I'm starting off through the steam... into the endless forest before me... I feel the softest most gentle kiss on my shoulder... 

Immediately my pussy twinges deep down in the water... but I give nothing away except a soft moan as I tilt my neck looking for more... but you're gone... 

I realize you've gone inside to get yourself some wine... or maybe change out of work clothes... and the next thing I know you emerge from the cabin with nothing but the bowl of strawberries I had ready for the fondue... 

You come back around behind me... and feed me a strawberry as you tilt my head back and kiss me deeply... god I've missed you... and then you proceed to massage my shoulders as I feed you a strawberry 🍓 

Between the water... the music... your amazing massage and the wine I'm so relaxed I can barely keep my eyes open... the next thing I know your hands are no longer on my shoulders and neck but lowering to my breasts... you whisper in my ear "why are you wearing a bathing suit "... I giggle and say "I didn't want to scare away the bears" You laugh as you untie the string on my swim top... and my breasts are now floating in the water... you grab them and massage them gently as you bend down to kiss me... I reach up and grab your neck pulling you closer to me... a deeper kiss... 

I turn myself around to face you... you're standing there totally nude and hard for me... I embrace you hard burying my face in your chest and inhaling your scent... mmmmm... so comfy here... just like I imagined... 

I grab your hand and urge you into the tub... but I make you sit on the ledge first... I settle onto my knees as I lower myself between yours and grab each side of your bum... I stare up at you as I kiss your chest... your nipples... so slowly... I drag my tongue around each of your nipples and I can feel your hard cock rising against my breasts... 

I continue to kiss all the way down your tummy... until I reach your hard cock... its glistening with precum already... I need to swirl that around your head with my tongue... I feel your hips rise as my mouth lowers onto you... you moan out loud... no one else to hear except me... I'm even more turned on at the sound you make... 

I lower my entire mouth on you... and grab your shaft as I stroke slowly but firmly... 

You love the heat and wet from my mouth and my rhythm is building... you tell me you're getting close... so I ease off... you pull me up and kiss me hard and soooo deeeep. My arms are wrapped around your neck so tight... it's like I can't get enough of you... I taste strawberry in your mouth... mmm 

You grab me tenderly and sit me down next to you... kissing me... every inch of my neck and shoulders... you lower down to my cleavage and start tracing your tongue all around... slowly making your way to my nipples... the cold mountain air has raised them up... so hard for you... they're so sensitive and I groan out loud as soon as you lower your tongue onto one... while your fingers find the other and gently roll it between them... mmmmfuck that sends me over the edge... that alone almost made me cum... 

You sense this and ease off... kissing my lips again... you take my leg and lift it up on the side of the tub and expose my soaking wet pussy... you notice I never had any bathing suit bottoms on... as we kiss... your fingers gently find their way inside and become soaked immediately... one finger goes inside... and your thumb starts to swirl around my clit at the same time... my hips start to move in sync... you feel me tighten around your finger... you ease off again... you back away from me... and kiss my forehead before you lower yourself to your knees and bury your face in-between my legs... your tongue slowly and gently swirls around my pussy lips and then my clit... my favorite... 

My hips start moving more and more with your tongue... this time you keep going... and before I know it... I'm done... I cum so hard on your mouth and I'm sure the entire forest hears me but I don't care... 

I'm soaking now... and frankly soooo hot... it's time to get out of the tub and cool off... we decide to head inside but you bring me around the corner from the hot tub and I see a large bear rug... laying in front of the outdoor fireplace... surrounded by candles...! You've been busy and very sneaky

You lead me over to the rug... place your hands on either side of my face... give me the softest... most gentle kiss... 

You gently lay me down on the rug and kiss my neck... my face... you look deeply into my eyes and enter me at the same time... my eyes roll back into my head in pleasure... I'm still soaking wet from that orgasm and you have been on edge since you fed me that first strawberry... 

You slowly slide in and out... my pussy perfectly encompassing your cock... so tight and sooo wet... you stare into my eyes... I can see the intensity building in your face... you groan at how good my pussy feels... it's like she was made just for your cock only... 

You feel her getting tighter around you... I'm getting close... you know this and you go faster and faster... and then... RELEASE!!... uhhhhhhh... you spill your massive load into me and cry out... the cum just keeps spilling into me... I feel this and hearing you I wrap my legs around your waist and cum with you... oh fuuuucccckkkk!!

It feels so amazing being intertwined with you like this... our bodies are one... 

You collapse on top of me in exhaustion... the release you've been anticipating since you left Calgary... 

You roll off of me and lay beside me... I turn sideways too... shifting myself backwards into you... im your little spoon... he he... you wrap your arm around me as we both stare off into the open woods... totally naked... feeling the cold mountain air across our bodies as the fireplace warms us from behind... and the soft bear fur underneath... currently being soaked with our juices... slowly oozing out of me...