 The morning air was chilly as I got off the elevated line and made the short walk to the Greyhound station. Although it was a chilly morning, I was shaking much more than was normal, as today marked two of the most major decisions so far. 

First, I was moving out of Philadelphia. I had recently left my job at a local magazine publisher and applied for a job as a staff writer at the local newspaper. Though it wasn't the most ideal job in the world, seeing as my previous experience had been in the magazine industry, but it was a quick fix. 

The second thing was that I was going down there to move in with a girl I had only met on two separate occasions. The first time was when I was in her home state of California; we met for a few hours in a hotel parking lot where we made out and shared stories about our lives across the country from each other. The second time was a few months ago, when I visited her in D.C. She was going to school for the semester there, and I decided to see her. Nothing happened between us that night, but shortly after I confessed how serious my feelings were to her and here we are now. 

i can't say I honestly know how things advanced so rapidly. I had known Reagan over the internet for years and things always had a romantic angle, but never did I think it would actually come to life. But yet it was true, as she had decided to pursue her education and career in D.C. and I had sold most of what I owned: records, old musical instruments, hardcover books on pop culture history and paperbacks full of poetry. 

The greyhound was crowded that day, and I was seated next to young professional who wore a nice suit and listened to music with Apple earbuds. I mostly paged through an entertainment magazine I picked up at the bus station, but I couldn't focus much on anything. In just a couple hours, the bus pulled into the station in Washington, D.C. I didn't know the area very well and the Metro was a lot of work with a suitcase and duffel bag to negotiate, so I called a Lyft. Martha was the name of the driver, and she mostly chattered about the increasing price of rent in her neighborhood. I nodded politely, though I, someone who had just moved from another state, had no way to relate to the plight of someone suddenly unable to afford their lifelong neighborhood. 

Reagan lived in a pretty nice neighborhood. The streets weren't too cracked, and there were kids playing in front of a few houses. She lived in a bi-level apartment with one roommate, on the bottom floor. Most of the people on the block seemed to be recent graduates or longtime residents. 

Reagan opened the door as I pulled up. She wore faded blue jeans that had rips in the left knee and right thigh, and a red and white striped shirt. Her light, caramel skin shone next to her blonde hair and her white teeth were turned up in a smile. 

"Hey you," she said happily as I walked up the steps and kissed her warm lips. We walked inside, and before I knew it we were pressed up against the wall making out. Her breath was hot and heavy on my neck, and I could feel my cock was hardening already. I moaned loudly as she grabbed it and bit my neck, and my hand groped between her legs, against the denim of her jeans. 

"Let's go upstairs," she said, flustered and out of breath. 

I nodded as she grabbed my hand and pulled me up. Her bed was a queen size, and took up a large part of the room. There was also a dresser, desk with a mirror and a nightstand with a few oddities on it. I pushed her onto the bed as I stripped out of my shirt, pants and boxers. My hard cock stood at attention; I wanted to waste no time in enjoying Reagan's body. 

I walked up to her and removed her shirt and the lacy, black bra she had on underneath it. Her large, tanned, DD cup breasts were full, the nipples the size of a quarter and perky. My tongue quickly began to lap at them as her hand wandered to my erect penis and grabbed it. 

She moaned aloud and bit my neck as I unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them off. She wore plain black panties with a red bow on them. 

"I see you have a little present for me," I said mischievously. 

Reagan simply smiled and slid them off, revealing a pink, shaven pussy. She spread her legs wide and I crawled between them, kissing her thighs as I went. A light sigh left her lips as I kissed along the inside of her thighs before kissing her vulva and inserting one finger into her dripping wet pussy. 

She practically jumped off of the bed the second my tongue made contact with her swollen clitoris before quickly wrapping clamping her thighs around my head and holding my tongue to her clit. I worked a second finger in and began to pump faster until she began to moan even louder. 

"Oh, fuck, baby, I'm gonna cum!" she screamed at me, and I immediately halted. "Please, baby. Let me cum. Please," she begged. 

I laughed. "I suppose you've been a good girl," I told her and began to tongue her clit again. 

As I ate Reagan's pussy, her moans began to increase again until they were screams of pleasure. As she began to writhe in the throes of orgasm, she exclaimed that she was cumming before going still, breathing heavily. 

Throughout the whole endeavor, my cock had only gotten harder. I ran my hand along Reagan's pussy, feeling her juices and applying them to my cock. When I felt properly lubed up, I mounted her. She made eye contact with me and smiled. As I inserted my cock into her, she moaned loudly. 

I had no desire to start slow; I had long craved Reagan's pussy and the second I was buried as deep as I could be—my pubic bone pressed against her ass—I pulled out and began to hammer. Dripping wet but still immensely tight, her pussy massaged my cock until I felt the familiar tingle in my balls and as she arched her back to let me penetrate deeper into her, I moaned and exploded. Reagan shook as the tremors of my orgasm faded and I pulled out. 

Still half-hard, I crawled up to her on the bed and kissed her on the mouth. I then crouched and braced myself against the bedframe as I fed my cum-soaked penis past her lips. Her warm tongue cleaned my cock and swallowed the last of both my cum and hers... for now.