 The coach stops and Adam steps out into the brisk, fresh air. It hits him and he takes the moment with a deep breath. There's a feeling of anticipation, it's excitement mixed with just a touch of nervousness. It's an unfamiliar feeling through a thousand thoughts rushing around his head as he thinks of her and then... "Professor, which way to the hotel?" 

He's interrupted and snapped back to reality as his students start descending down the coach steps. He turns, smiles, collects his bag and without a word, he begins to lead the way. The group naturally follow. Of course who wouldn't follow him. He's well respected by his peers and by students. Armed with a charismatic and commanding personality, a quick mind, a sharp tongue for those who dare cross him, and the fact he's been gifted with the build of a lumberjack certainly helps.

Adam was an annual visitor of the industry's Annual Conference. Although this years weekend brought something new. The line up of new ideas being presented and panel discussions, included one of his past alumni from 12 years ago. Appearing in the main panel discussion... Lara.

After Lara's graduation they became more than professor and student. Now an ex girlfriend, their split was quite amicable, parting in agreement that they are better as friends. Friends that use to have the most amazing sex, yet now friends nonetheless. Over the years Adam kept a casual check on Lara's career and as he took his seat, he felt proud that the one he once taught, would now be speaking this evening. 

Then, there she was. 

Walking on stage with the organisers, chatting, smiling and looking as engaging as ever. "My god!" Adam thought to himself. He wasn't expecting to get hard so quick from just seeing her. Lara looked like Lara, yet different. His former inquisitive little lady had grown into a confident woman. A woman wearing a pencil skirt, heels and shirt with a silk scarf. She'd always had a prim look about her, yet gone were those days of slightly creased student clothes and blonde dyed hair. "Bet that ass still looks the same though" he thought. He remembered their first time and how his perception of her had been changed forever. Judging from the way she presented herself you'd never believe her wildness behind closed doors. They used to joke about Lara being "A lady in the street, but a freak in the bed."

The discussion began and she was so natural at this. Confident, captivating and even made the audience laugh a few times. It was surprising although really, that scarf was all Adam could concentrate on. That scarf and what he could do with it to her. 

After the talk she was just about to be swept away from the side of the stage, then as she stood and turned, there it was. That little hint of the Lara, that Adam once knew so well, was revealed by a long, thin, black line running down the middle of her tights at the back. He smiles, shakes his head and thinks to himself "She's wearing stockings that little minx." As he heads to the exit, gathering the group, he feels a twang of disappointment. "I thought she'd see me in the crowd. I'm going to go find her." He agrees with himself. Not before she could find him though. Just as he began explaining the key points from the evenings talk to the group, it happens... "Hey you!" Says a voice he knows too well. He looks over, "Hello Lara."

She chats briefly to this years students. Their eyes lit with the same enthusiasm she once had. Adam takes the opportunity, swift and cool; "What are your plans now? Care to join us?" 

"I wish I could, I have dinner plans. I'll try come see you after dinner, would be nice to have a catch up. Maybe can meet in the bar?" says Lara just as she's whisked away again, this time by colleagues.

Adam thinks "I'll try..? Maybe can meet in the bar? What does that even mean. Maybe! I'll just go to the bar later. She'll turn up."

Two and a half hours and four drinks pass. it's 10.30pm and Adam gives up. She's not coming. The students start on the shots and he takes it as his que to leave. Lost in his thoughts, he pushes the button to the lift and the doors opens. Lara's there. Looking down, rummaging for something in her handbag. He's frustrated about the wait yet finds himself already smiling. She takes a step forward to exit and looks up. They lock eyes, she jumps and blushes. "Oh, hi, I was just coming d..." Adam pushes her back into the lift, holding onto her arm and calls for his floor. "You've been naughty Lara. You kept me waiting." His deep voice sends tingles down her spine and then back up to her nipples. She tries to talk, to protest, or to question what's happening, it's unexpected though she's too taken back and too intrigued.

He quickly guides her to his hotel room without another word. She eagerly follows yet just as he opens the door, she halts. Her turns to see her stood there, biting her lip and looking concerned. Thoughts flood her mind and as the implications are being processed is interrupted; "Get in here now!" he instructs as he reaches out his hand. It's so sexy she takes it, looses all control and obliges.

Adam pushes the door shut, towering over her as Lara's pinned to the door. She's breathing heavily with excitement. He stands for a moment before breaking the silence again "Now, what should I do with you?" Lara remains quiet, looking up at him. She bites her lip again and shrugs her shoulders. "Lara, don't be shy. You need to tell me what you want, or I'm just going to do to you what I want."

She smiles, looks him in the eye and quietly speaks "I want you to do whatever you want to me. I want you... to... make me your slave." She pauses, absorbing Adam's shock to her bluntness. "Please may I call you... Sir?"

He reaches down to pick her up as she wraps her legs around him. Lara tries to kiss him although he pulls out of reach as he walks with her across the room through to the shower and places her inside. "Take off your clothes" he commands "Yes Sir" she smirks as she unbuttons her shirt and wiggles down her skirt. Bending over to the side slightly, showing a hint of her arse. She goes to the scarf but Adam grabs her wrist, then her other wrist and holds them above her head. "Hold on to the shower head and don't move your arms!" He inches his hands down her arms and unties the silk from around her. Continuing back up, he uses it to tie her wrists to the shower head. There she stands. Black lace underwear, stockings and her scarf around her wrists. "Now you're mine and I've got you just where I want you!" He explains as he steps back, reaches over and switches the water on. 

Lara immediately gasps in the cold water as she watches Adam undress. Once the water warms she opens her mouth. Water runs down her face and over her lips. "Sir, the water's warm. Will you join me please?" He pulls Lara's waist in towards him and kisses her deeply. Pushing their tongues hard against one another's as she involuntarily moans which leads to a louder groan when he rams his hand down her wet thong and his fingers up into her pussy. 

The groaning is too loud! Adams hand covers her mouth, and his mouth starts to slowly explore her skin. His hand fucking her once again. Kissing down her neck, then to her nipples. "Fuck I've missed this. My cock is really aching for you now." 

He relaxes his hand from her wetness. "How did that make you feel?" asks Adam and waits for a response "So, good!" she whispers, pausing in between gasps for breaths. Adam pushes the tip of his cock against her. "How does this feel?" Adam questions and waits again. Lara goes to answer yet just as she does, he thrusts himself inside of her, making her squeal with delight. 

Adam pounds Lara hard. Water still dripping down over their bodies. He wraps both of his hands around her neck and uses it to push her body down onto him harder and deeper with each thrust, knowing exactly how she likes it. Fucking her hard, tightening his hands around her neck. She's groaning. He's going to come but wants to stay living in this moment, so pulls out. Lara looks longingly "please sir, please give me more." She begs him. It's too much. He holds his cock and immediately starts to cum all over her body as she helplessly stands there.

He washes her down and without a word, switches the shower off. Lara steeps her back against the corner of the shower and tilts her head towards Adam. "Please take me. Make me cum sir. I'm so close. I want to cum for you." Adam grabs a towel and wraps it around her. Lara's wrists still tied to the shower. "You need to be punished. Now, it's your turn to wait." Adam leaves, lies down on the bed and immediately drifts off to sleep.

Lara stands there relaxed, tired and horny for more. There's a freedom in giving someone complete control and no one else can command her like Adam does. Her life now, revolves around her work, and as she's head of her department usually everyone looks to her for the answers and plans of what to do next. Only when she's with Adam does she ever feel, her guard can be let down completely and she can show all sides of herself. She remembers this sense like it was yesterday, feeling like she can relax and knowing she'll remain completely safe with him. Understanding Adam's plan, she knows he just wants to tease her so stays a little while, hands tied up, her underwear and stockings still on and drenched. Basking in her horniness.

A short while later Adam is awoken with a warmth. A warm, wet pleasure surrounding his cock. His hand reaches down to find the back of Lara's head moving slowly up and down. She's untied herself, came straight to suck him off and he recalls how much she use to love him being in her mouth. He pulls her up towards him and kisses her. Nibbling on those lips. She asks "Did you miss me? Do you still want me to wait? Adam?" He can feel her legs over him. Her heart pounding. Her pussy is still soaking wet and resting against him. He feels goosebumps igniting down her skin, as his hands run down her body to her hips, as they kiss and he lifts her up to enter inside. Her sound of her sweet moans echo in his ears, intensifying as his hard cock moves in and out of her soft pussy. He sits upright and guides her hips to bounce up and down ontop of him. She bites his shoulder softly to muffle her screams. She can't control her hands, she wants to feel all of him. Running her hands through the back of his hair, down across his board shoulders and over his big arms. Her hands clench, along with her entire body. His arms wrap right around her tightly. The smacking of her wetness gets louder and louder, quicker and quicker, harder, harder, harder, and as he explodes inside of her, he groans loudly and Lara cums.