 It was a hot summer night and I was alone and bored. I decided to see a movie by myself. I took a seat in the back of the theatre and was turning of my cell phone when a nice looking man sat down a few seats from me. I glanced up and smiled, putting my phone away. The theatre was filling up. The man asked me if the seats next to me were taken. When I said no, he moved over to sit in the seat next to mine. "I hate it when people take the seats at the end and leave seats in the middle open. Do you mind if I sit here?"

As I looked at this man to tell him that I didn't mind at all, I saw that he was better looking than my first assessment. He was fantastic looking. He was tall and slim, with short blond hair, and deep brown eyes with long dark lashes. He had a small dimple and when he smiled at me my heart flipped. No, I didn't mind at all that he was sitting next to me!

The lights dimmed when the previews started and he moved his leg so that it was touching mine. My heart did another flip. He leaned over and whispered in my ear, "My name's Will." I could feel his breath against my ear and I was instantly aroused. I looked over at him, once again amazed at his smile. "I'm Hannah." His eyes bore into mine and I wondered if he could see how hot he was making me. "Very pleased to meet you, Hannah."

Once the lights were down and the movie had started I felt Will raise up the arm rest that was between us. He put his hand on my knee. I had a short skirt on and it didn't take long for his hand to work its way up and to my panties. I looked over at him and could barely make out a small smile on his lips. He took my hand and placed it in his lap. Onto pants that had been unzipped! I pushed my hand through the slit in his underwear and found a very hard dick. As I began to massage it I felt his hand, rubbing my clit through my panties. We both began to rub and caress each other. Thankfully, we were in the back row so nobody was behind us but there were people sitting directly in front of us. I tried to keep my breathing even and not moan. As we continued rubbing, we each shifted and squirmed in our seats. 

Just when I thought I would explode, he removed his hand and his fingers traced their way back down my leg to my knee. I looked over at him. I put my hand on his arm. He looked at me and saw the silent pleading in my eyes but he wanted me to say it. He cocked one eyebrow. "Please" I whimpered. "Please what?" he asked with a sly smile. "Please make me come," I begged. "Take your panties off," he commanded. I took my panties off and stuffed them in my purse. His hand slowly found its way up between my legs again. He watched me and he could tell when I was close to coming. Each time he pulled his hand back and made me beg. I continued to pleasure him with my hand, my rhythm getting faster the more excited I got. This was ridiculous! I was in a crowded theatre with my hand down a strange man's pants. What was I doing? What was he doing? Oh my. Somehow Will knew right where to touch me and I could feel myself spiraling into an orgasm. This time he let me. He pushed two fingers into me and my body exploded. I crossed my legs, pushed my head back against the seat and quietly let it rock me. 

I was trying to mask my excitement so I reached for the soda that was sitting to the left of me. I was so unnerved that I spilled the coke all over my skirt. Will quietly removed his hand, softly chucking. I made my apologies and quickly retreated to the ladies room to clean myself up. 

As I opened the ladies room door I felt Will come up behind me. "What are you doing?" I gasped. Before I knew it he had pulled me into a stall and closed and locked the door. "Will, this is insane!" I was petrified that someone would find us. "Shhh Hannah, just let go. There's nobody in here and I'm on fire, baby." 

As we kissed a long hard kiss, I brought his hard dick out of the opening of his pants. He brought my skirt up to my waist, and pressed his leg between my legs, rubbing and grinding against me. He slowly, sensuously licked my lower lip, then he pushed his tongue into my mouth, kissing me, while he unbuttoned my shirt, his hands grabbing my tits, cupping, squeezing, finding my nipples. I desperately wanted to free his cock. I undid his belt, pulling down his underwear and pants and taking his rock hard dick in my hand. His cock was throbbing as I bent down and tasted some pre-cum. I flicked my tongue around the sensitive head and slowly cork-screwed my tongue down his dick until he was completely in my mouth. My hand found his balls and gently caressed them while my mouth took all of him in. My mouth pumped harder and faster and I heard him softly moan, pushing my head into him with his hands in my hair. 

He took my arms and pulled me to standing up, our bodies pressed together, both of us breathing heavily. He pulled my arms up to my sides and pinned them with his hands to the door. He gazed down at my chest as it moved up and down with my heavy breathing. His mouth came down on my tits. He sucked, licked, and nibbled. I pushed my breasts into him and panted and moaned. Suddenly he turned me around pushing my hands up against the stall door, my butt pushed against his crotch. He grabbed my hips and pushed up into me hard and fast. I gasped and let out a moan when he entered me. His dick was huge and it felt so good moving inside of me. Just then someone came into the restroom. He put one hand over my mouth while he wrapped his other hand and arm around my waist and began pumping slow and deep while we found a rhythm and rocked up and down. I knew the jiggling door must be raising suspicions of whoever had come in, but I didn't care. I just wanted it harder and faster. 

When I moaned into his hand, Will pulled out. "You can't make a sound," he purred. "If you make a sound I'm going to pull out." I shook my head in understanding and he pushed just the tip in, testing me, teasing me. I tried to push down so that more of him would fill me, but he pulled out again, showing me that he was in control. I was panting and whimpering, crazy with lust. 

"Quiet and slow," he taunted, while he pushed halfway into me, his hand pushing into my belly, making my hips obey him. I was softly moaning into his hand over my mouth with need and pleasure, while he pumped slowly into me. 

I could hear the other person leave the restroom. Will took his hand away from my mouth and moved it down to gently rub my clit. I was half bent over, my hands pushed against the cold door and my ass pushed towards him as he pounded into me. As soon as the person left he had picked up the pace and was now slamming into me. "Come with me Hannah," he urged, while he pumped faster and faster, harder and harder. He let out a moan and pulled out as he came, shooting hot cum all over my ass. 

He bent down and began licking it off while his hand continued to play. I felt his hot tongue on my pussy, licking and probing, and my second orgasm of the night was hard and intense. 

I stood there, braced against the stall door, my head bowed, panting and weak. 

When my breathing had become steady again and I had come back to earth I turned as he stood up. He kissed me again—-one of those slow soft kisses. He put his forehead against mine saying, "Wow. That was fantastic. But I think we've missed the first half of the movie." 

"Take me home with you and I'll let you make it up to me," I whispered. 

And he did.