 I have never had a crush on anybody in my school days. Not even any teacher. After that, college came and passed by in a jiffy. I was always interested in art and designing and had begun searching for a job in that field. A friend had advised me to take a few art lessons which might come useful. I was usually free during the evenings. So, I had enrolled for some evening Art classes at a reputed institute. The first day, we were introduced to our Art teacher. The moment I had met her, I had known that my crush-equation from school and college had disappeared instantly...

I had very soon developed a crush on her. Or maybe an obsessive infatuation. Her name was Shobha. I believe many male students from my class also nurtured that feeling. For the last few weeks, I had often found myself fantasizing about her. When she taught, I could hardly concentrate and kept gaping at her perfect features. When she turned her back to the class and drew something on the blackboard, I felt a sudden urge to grab her from behind. I could barely resist myself and contain my excitement. I knew it was wrong to harbor such sinful feelings towards a teacher, but I was completely captivated by her. Her seductive appeal had beguiled and transfixed me and my self-control had gone for a toss by then.

She was really young (less than thirty) and extremely pretty. She used to come to class in her colorful sarees (a traditional Indian dress) and matching blouses. Her arresting eyes, bee-stung lips, ample bosom, slender waist, alluring curves and beautiful skin were all lovely to behold. One could keep staring at her forever, forgetting everything else in the background. Once she had come to class in a see-through saree, and I had had the opportunity to get a glimpse of her perfectly shaped navel. She had come very close to my seat that day, tantalizing me with the smell of her perfume and I so strongly wanted to touch her bellybutton (which was right in front of my eyes) with the tip of my pencil. That very thought had aroused me very much and I had spent the whole night having wet dreams about her body.

I had come to know that she was married. Her husband was older than her by many years. There were also ugly rumors circulating that he was not able to satisfy her sexually. She had always remained a lonely, deprived and frustrated wife.

I had no idea whether she had ever noticed me in class particularly. I sometimes showed her my sketches and she appreciated them. Nothing more than that. But I always craved for her and wanted to get close to her. I did not know when such an opportunity would come my way but I never lost hope. And then, one day, out of the blue, it happened.

It was a Sunday. I remember it was the Sunday following my 22nd birthday. I was walking back home from a friend's house. That morning, having watched a pornographic movie with my friend at his place, I was feeling a bit hot and excited. I had to pass Shobha's house on my way to my home. It was post lunch-time when I was crossing her place. There was a nicely-maintained garden in front; and a path led alongside it up to the kitchen door. Looking at the house, I found her in the kitchen, her back turned towards me, busy at the sink, probably cleaning up after lunch. A loud noise of TV was coming from the drawing-room. Perhaps her husband was watching football and relaxing.

The after-effects of that video had been working for a while, and I developed a massive urge to have sex with my crush in her kitchen, while her husband was present in the next room. I know it sounded unbelievable, but there was such a forbidden and illicit angle to the idea, that it instantly added to the thrill and I couldn't overcome it. I felt an adrenaline rush and stealthily crept up to the kitchen door. Without making any sound, I slowly pushed it open (thankfully it was not locked) and ventured inside. There was a large table in the middle of the kitchen. My heart was hammering so loudly, I feared she might hear it. She was still at the dishes; the tap was open. Dressed in a white shirt and khaki shorts, she looked amazing. There was, still, that sweet scent around her which further hooked my senses. I had never seen her like this, in her house clothes. She seemed a bit unmindful and disturbed about something. Unnoticed, I stood behind her.

It happened all of a sudden. I clapped my palm over her mouth and turned her around to face me. 

She looked alarmed and completely shocked. I pressed her close to me and, in the most gentle and soothing voice, whispered to her to calm down. Fear was clearly in her eyes. She was breathing fast and kept shooting furtive and anxious glances towards the drawing room door. The commentary was quite audible from there. However, she did not push me away. I moved my palm from her mouth and held her face in both of my hands. She looked beautiful, like an angel. I assured her that everything was all right and there was nothing to worry about. Looking straight into her eyes, I told her how much I was missing her, that she was my crush and how longingly I wanted to hold her in my arms. Gradually, her breathing became normal. She was smiling to herself. It was a coy, shy smile. Maybe she was flattered or feeling embarrassed or was touched by my words, I could not guess. She was avoiding my eyes. But I couldn't take my eyes off her.

We were so close to each other that I braved myself to make the first move. I gave her a quick kiss on the lips. She was a bit taken aback. I feared some sort of retaliation, inhibition or hesitation from her end. But, surprisingly, she came forward to kiss me back. Her full, bee-stung and soft lips touched mine. She was reciprocating beautifully; we kept kissing each other with wild passion. Those liplocks turned me on and I was already feeling an erection building up. Without warning, she shoved her tongue in my mouth. Maybe I was expecting that. I licked and sucked at it, entwining it with my own tongue. Her breath smelt wonderful and fresh; we were locked in a fierce embrace together while our tongues found their ways into each others' mouths as smoothly as a key, perfectly fitted into a lock. 

She was now panting and moaning softly and I could see the sweat glistening on the nape of her neck. I pulled my salivating and dripping tongue apart. She was still with her eyes closed, smacking her lips with her tongue, savoring the effect. I brought my face closer and somehow she got the signal. She pulled out her slippery tongue, expecting another assault in return. I put it in my mouth and devoured it, playing it with my tongue inside. This went on for a while and I finished it with a sharp bite and full kiss on those sensual lips of hers.

We were both aroused. She was breathing heavily again. I noticed the unmistakable lust in her eyes; she was completely captured by the moment. Both the games were in full steam; one on the TV, the other inside the kitchen. I kept praying that her husband must not come into the kitchen... luckily for us, the drawing room door was kept almost closed.

I again drew her close and started pecking on her neck. She gave me complete freedom to fondle and caress her. I planted wet kisses on her throat and licked at her ears. She seemed to enjoy it and moaned in pleasure. I then stood in front of her and started unbuttoning her shirt.

One by one, slowly and steadily, the buttons came apart. She did not have any bra on. I opened her shirt and helped her out of it. She obeyed me and the garment fell with a soft heap on the floor.

She was probably enjoying the sight of me staring open-faced at her topless figure. Her breasts hung big and round, like soft white mounds, waiting to be adored and played with. There were beads of sweat around the tips of her pointy nipples, and I saw them getting hardened with my hungry gaze on them. Maybe her own arousal and nakedness were making her nipples stiff, erect and tightened. A perfectly toned tummy greatly complimented her astonishing curves. Her shorts hung loose from her hips, quite beneath that sexy deep navel in the middle.

I did not want to rush things, so I took things slowly, one at a time. I wanted to entice her with erotic foreplay. From her throat, I slowly kissed her all the way down, up to her left breast. My tongue slowly circled her left nipple, occasionally biting it, while my free hand kept pinching her right nipple, gently squeezing and elongating it. Her moaning became desperate. I kissed, licked, sucked and bit her left breast, soaking the nipple with my saliva. Without waiting, I went across to her right one. I placed baby kisses all over her right breast and then lustily licked the swollen nipple, making slurping noises. Both the nipples looked red and sore. She was whimpering and panting profusely but told me not to stop. I grinned wickedly. I was not done with her breasts yet.

I had noticed a flowering plant in a small plant by the kitchen sink, when I entered. I plucked a small flower from it. It had long petals, making it an ideal tickling weapon. I started teasing her breasts with the flower. With every caress on her pointed nipples, with every soft touch, she kept moaning and quivering. Louder this time. Maybe her juices had started flowing. I took one breast in my mouth and sucked on it while tickling and feeling the other one with the flower. This erotic torture went on for a bit, and she sweated and panted, begged and moaned.

All of a sudden, her husband shouted," Honey, have you put the ice cream in the freezer?" Shobha was almost breathless with passion, yet she managed a reply in the affirmative. Another devilish idea flashed in my mind. Ice! Yes!!

Lifting her in my arms, I laid her down on the long table. She placed her arms over her head and waited with bated breath and anticipation. Her khaki shorts were already drenched a bit. I placed my forefinger on her forehead and touched her down all over her body. When I came to her juicy lips, she sucked my finger with all her might. I fingered her all along her throat; around those erect nipples again; and finally in a straight line from between her breasts, right down to her navel. I wanted to play with her navel. Very badly.

Keeping her lying there, I opened the freezer and took out the icebox. Extracting a piece of ice cube from it, I went towards her.

Her eyes begged me to put it on her body. I nodded and started with her lips. Just like my finger, she bit and sucked at the cold cube which was melting slowly and the freezing water soaked her neck.

I tasted her icy-cold lips and went down further. Playfully twirling the ice between my thumb and forefinger, I touched her nipples with it. She gasped. First the flowery attack and now this!! I put the ice in my mouth and through the corner of my lips, I extracted a bit of the cube. Then I rubbed and moved my ice covered lips all over her nipples. Her moaning increased tenfold and I was having so much fun in drenching her breasts with this icy coldness. Her nipples were now pointing outwards, elongated and completely hardened. I wanted to apply honey and whipped cream too, but could not find those in the kitchen. With a last lick at her ripe bosom, I moved away. I looked at her navel with a naughty gleam in my eyes.

She was now lost in ecstasy. I casually slipped a hand under her shorts, into her panties. The girl was dripping wet now. Probably, she never had had such sexual pleasure before. Grinning mischievously, I focused on her open navel.

I slowly circled the melting ice cube around her navel. The water flowed freely into it and created almost a pool in her deep luscious bellybutton. I knew the sensation must be electric; the navel region itself is very sensitive and erotic. Her mouth was half open, her tongue was almost out, she was out of breath and could barely take the suspense longer. I dipped my finger into her navel, fingering it, encircling it and occasionally kissing it.

Her navel smelled nice too; I put my tongue out and twirled around her navel hole. Up and down my hungry tongue went. Her navel and the surrounding region was covered by the cold water and my glistening saliva as an aftermath of the navel-tasting. It felt amazing to kiss, bite, suck, lick and finger her soft and sensuous bellybutton which seemed to quiver and move at the slightest touch. It was her pleasure as well as her mine.

I wanted to eliminate all her frustration by this single episode. I kissed her underneath her navel and started to remove her shorts. Stripping her off it, I noticed her in her red panties which were already soaking wet. I ran a finger up and down her vagina, through her panties. She was almost climaxing in pleasure. I took off her underwear, leaving her completely naked and panting hard.

I stripped myself; my erection has reached amazing levels. I was also on the verge of cumming. But I wanted to give her oral pleasure too, after all this foreplay. I kissed her on the inside of her thighs and also around the pubic region. Her deliciously shaped behind was also a sight indeed. Placing my mouth in front of her glistening vagina, I kissed and licked her sex, tonguing along, while my hand reached upwards and played with her breasts. She tasted heavenly sweet. I put my finger inside her and felt her cumming hard; I plugged my finger out and put it inside her mouth. Shobha was tasting herself, writhing and moaning in sexual abandon. I also kissed her on the lips and she felt her juice from my mouth. I fingered her sex for sometime, licking and sucking her free flowing juices, while teasing her nipples and her navel at the same time.

She was moaning continuously to ravage her; I took the cue and encapsulated my erection inside a condom (I had one in my pocket) and put my covered penis into her hole. She responded readily. We did it in a lot of different ways; sometimes she was upon me, sometimes sideways, sometimes I did her from behind. Twice, she inserted my sex inside her mouth, licking and sucking it lustily. It was quite a rough and wild sex; at last we both reached our orgasms. I came on her belly and she polished off the last few droplets by taking my erection in her mouth once again. Most probably, her husband had fallen asleep while watching TV, his loud snores going above the decibel level of the sports commentary. Otherwise, he would have definitely heard our heaving and moaning sounds.

Exhausted, we looked at each other. Passionately, we tongue-kissed again. There was not an inch on her sweaty body, which I had not fondled, caressed, touched or made love with. I felt drained, although wonderful and happy. She looked contented, pleased with how her body had answered to such a guilty and unfaithful invitation, almost under the nose of her husband. Perhaps, her sex-starved body had wanted something like this for a long time. She had undoubtedly loved the erotica and the unbridled sex. 

We both dressed and composed ourselves. The table was a mess, bearing the brunt of an unforgettable afternoon. I bade goodbye to her. She bade me farewell from the kitchen door. There was not any promise made, nor any words uttered, that we may see each other again outside class or such a thing could happen twice. She was smiling softly and waved at me through the kitchen door.

I went back home, longing to see her again at the institute the next day. Was this the beginning of an affair? I didn't know.