 **Read Chapter 1 first, all this will make a little more sense. Enjoy and don't forget to vote!**

I finished my shower and walked out after drying off, not bothering to cover up. My dick was hard just thinking of what Chrysta might have done with the bellhop, and I wanted to hear her story. It had been 15 minutes, I figured she'd be done with the bellhop, or at least just finishing; I was wrong.

I walked into the sitting room and kneeling between Chrysta's wide open thighs was the female bellhop that dropped off our luggage by the front door. She was still in her uniform; skirt of a respectable length and polo shirt. She looked to be Native American, but she may have just had a good tan. Either way, her body looked like it was sculpted, nearly more perfect than any found in nature. Her legs were toned, her wiggling ass flared out into her thighs in then back into a small waist. I couldn't see much else from my position, simply that she had long, straight black hair with a few brown and blonde highlights in it.

Chrysta was obviously enjoying the tongue lashing she was receiving. She was biting her lip trying not to moan and holding her knees as far apart as she could so she could feel that tongue squirming in her cunt. Her head was thrashing back and forth and she started shaking, her belly twitching uncontrollably, which made her tits jiggle deliciously.

"Keep licking right there!" Chrysta moaned out, her hands going to the girl's face between her thighs. "Oh yes! Yes! I'm going to cum! Get ready!" she screamed. Probably half the hotel heard her. I looked to make sure the front door was shut. She looked into my eyes and her whole body convulsed, her stomach crunched and her hands pushed the head of the bellhop into her crotch. 

"Ooooh! Oh my God!" she cried out and fell back against the chair she was in. Her breathing was deep and labored. She tried laughing a little. I could tell every time her clit was licked by her twitching and her sweat covered nipples jiggling. Chrysta pulled the head up away from her pussy and kissed the girl on the lips. She was taller than I thought she was, and I'd say she was definitely Native American with her tan skin and her long silky dark hair. It was back in a long thick braid and it made my dick even harder. She stood up slowly and turned around, she looked shocked that I was there at first and then smiled coyly.

"Do I get a tip from you too?" she asked and stepped forward. I saw that her face was almost dripping with Chrysta's cum. If she came that much, then it would be a fun night out tonight. The bellhop took another step forward and grabbed my very erect dick and started slowly stroking it. 

"All you want is the tip?" I asked quietly. She smiled and sunk to her knees.

"Well, it's so big I don't know if much else will fit," she said and started licking and sucking on the head. She wasn't as good as Chrysta, but she was damn good. The room was filled with the sound of her slobbering on my knob as it got a good healthy coating of spit. Her lips popped every time she let it flop out of her mouth and then she'd lick the entire length until she got her lips around the head again and started sucking harder.

"We have a good little bellhop," Chrysta said, still breathing heavily. She got up off the couch and walked over to me and started stroking my shaft as the new girl kept sucking. I moaned a little and knew it wouldn't be long before I'd be shooting a load down her throat. "Jim, she's got a better place for you to put that cum, don't you?" Chrysta said teasingly, her tongue flicking against my ear. 

"Mmm Hmm," the girl moaned and nodded enthusiastically. I about lost it right there, but I wanted to see what these two had planned. The bellhop stood up an slowly rose the hem of her skirt until it was plain to see that she was not wearing panties, clean shaven, and very, very wet. She lifted her left leg up and put her heel on Chrysta's shoulder, opening pussy, making a little pink flower in the vast field of creamy tan flesh.

"Cum in my cunt?" she begged, practically purring. I just love working feeling it move in me," she said demurely. She stepped forward and Chrysta positioned my cock just inside the help's hole. "MMmmm….I haven't had anything this big inside me since I fucked my Daddy for his birthday last year," she said and started rocking in very small circles. I lost it then. Between her telling me she fucked her dad, her motions, and her pussy squeezing my cock head, I blew shot after shot of hot spunk up that shaved Indian slit. She leaned back and closed her eyes, the tip of her tongue coming out between her lips as she savored the feeling. "Yessss," she hissed and kept trying to milk my cock with her cunt. Chrysta helped by squeezing the cum out of my dick slowly, starting at its base and squeezing to the bellhop's lips. She flicked the bellhop's clit while she was there and started all over again.

"Now that's the best tip I've ever gotten," she said and giggled. She shivered every time Chrysta made contact with her and it looked like she was having a hard time keeping her balance. She squeezed my cock and the head slid out of her cum drenched hole. She giggled as she heard the pop. "Now I just have to keep this in," she said, rubbing her pussy. She came up with a few drops of my cum and a coating of hers. The finger was offered to Chrysta who licked and nibbled the juice off her finger before sucking the whole thing in her mouth.

"Oooh, she is good, isn't she," the bellhop moaned and put her left leg back on the floor. Her skirt fell back into place and except for the smell of sex and Chrysta's cum that had splashed onto her work shirt, she appeared perfectly normal.

"You have no idea," I said grinning. The bellhop smiled and pulled her finger out of Chrysta's mouth. Chrysta hugged my arm and subtlety rubbed her furry mound on my leg.

"I'd like one," the bellhop mumbled. "Let me know if you need anything else brought up here, I'm here all day and until 10pm tonight. My name is Brandi," she said and stepped toward the door.

"Brandi, did you need to clean up any?" I asked quickly. She looked at herself and felt her shirt. She shrugged and giggled. 

"The only other person working in my part of the building is my mom, and I don't think she'll care. Maybe I can get her to help me get something for you, if you need anything else that is," she said devilishly and flicked her tongue at Chrysta.

"If we do, I'll be sure to call for you," I said and she giggled and left. I saw the $20 sitting on the TV by the door and laughed.

"Maybe I should apply here, the perks seem to be great!" Chrysta said smiling. Her eyes were shining and she shook her hair out a little. I laughed.

"But then I'd have to leave you here," I said softly. "I'd really like to not do that, I'd prefer the company for the trip."

"Just for the trip?" Chrysta pouted, her full lower lip sticking out and quivering. A smile crept across my face and I licked my lips. We stared at each other for a few seconds in silence.

"So, are you hungry? For food, I mean?" I asked and stepped over to my bag.

"Famished. Nothing works up a girl's appetite like a tongue in her pussy," she said and bent over at her bag. I looked at that perfect ass bending before me and bent back a little to see her still wet pussy glistening in the light. I felt my dick start to rise again, but started thinking about fat lesbians wrestling in chocolate pudding and it went back down. Much as I wanted to screw Chrysta all afternoon, we had things to do. I pulled on a clean pair of jeans and a t-shirt. I watched as she pulled a shorter pair of jean shorts out of her bag and a ripped up t-shirt that looked two sizes too small. 

I sat in a chair and watched her dress. She was facing away from me, still bent over, her hair sweeping the ground. I had a perfect view of her tight ass and her pink slit which was starting to close a little A mischievous grin snaked across her face and she stepped into her shorts. very slowly she stood up, pulling the faded and worn denim up her calves and then slowly up over her thighs. I couldn't help but notice that they were cut off extremely short, with the frayed cut splitting the rear pockets in half. Not much of the fabric was left on the sides, just the inch or so where the belt loops were. She pulled them up tightly and the bottom third of her perfectly rounded ass cheeks were in plain sight. She sat down on the couch where she had been getting her pussy licked and spread her legs wide.

The button fly on the shorts only had two of the original buttons left, and the top of her shorts just barely covered the fiery fur of her pussy. There were three new buttons though, and the fly of the shorts had been extended, and when they were fastened, one button would be over her clit and another would be against the rim of her hole. My dick was as hard now as it was when she had stripped before her shower. 

Her taught legs slowly closed and fastened the lowest button, pausing between the lowest and the next to push the button into her hot juicing box a couple of time, moaning softly the entire time. Her fingers played up her wet slit and she softly strummed her clit before closing the next button. With her throbbing honey pot covered, she kept closing her legs slowly and the top two buttons were fastened slowly. Her legs were straight up in the air when she finished, and she slowly bent them at her knees until they touched her exposed ass. She spread her knees apart slowly and the crotch of the shorts drew up into her cunt, the thin strip of material between the last button and her ass disappeared completely. She rubbed the crotch of her short which were rapidly turning a dark blue from her juices, and sighed each time the buttons over her clit and in her hole were bumped. Her feet descended slowly to the floor and she stood with her feet spread a little, the junction of her thighs exposed and her lips devoured a little more of the denim. She wasn't quite covered enough to pass in public, and she'd get indecent exposure if anyone called the cops. My eyes ran up her body across her abs, up to her perky tits with their erect nipples and on up to her face. Her beautiful eyes were staring into mine, and they had such a look of passion on them I would have cum right then if I could have again so soon. 

Her eyes had a sparkle in them among a devilish glow and she pulled her shirt on over her head and shook her hair out. She peeled and stretched the thin fabric down over her tits and pulled it down as far as it would go. The front of the shirt covered all of her ample tits, but it didn't actually touch her ribs or abs. Her pink nipples barely stood out on her tanned chest under the shirt. Chrysta smoothed the shirt down her sides and her hands teased down her abs, causing ripples of goose bumps to erupt across her skin. Her thumbs hooked into the waist of her shorts and the barest hint of red pubic hair could be seen peeking over the top. The entire room smelled like her pussy.

My mouth had gone dry again. I just stood there and took all of her in and looked her from top to bottom and back up again.

"Well, were we going to go out, or were you just going to stand there and stare all day?" she giggled. I shook my head quickly and started looking around for my shoes. She slipped her little feet into her sandals we took off.

Chrysta opened the door to the room for me and waited until I left to shut it. She jogged ahead of me to push the elevator button, and I happily watched her breasts bounce with each step. Her nipples hadn't softened any and she was smiling beside the elevator as she waited for it.

"I don't think I've ever seen anything as sexy as you," I said right before the elevator dinged and the doors opened. She blushed and I smiled at her. She followed me into the elevator and the doors closed.

"So where are we going, Jim?" she said happily, the silky tone of her voice mingling deliciously with the huskiness of her horny condition. "I'm not really dressed for any place fancy," she giggled.

"Chrysta, you're not dressed for any place at all. I've seen swimsuits with more fabric than this," I said and I pushed the button for the first floor.

"Don't you like it, Jim?" she asked pouting. Chrysta took a step forward and started rubbing my still rock hard meat through the fabric of my pants. "It feels like you like it," she breathed huskily. My cock twitched hard in her hand. "It feels like you like it a lot," she said and backed against the glass wall of the elevator. She wiggled her hips at me and bit her lower lip seductively. A wide grin crept onto my face as I adjusted my cock in my pants.

"First of all, we're going to get you a dress, I feel like getting supper from someplace fancy tonight," I said.

"Oh but Jim, you really don't have to. . ." she started up again, the glaze leaving her eyes and a blush creeping out across her face and down her neck.

"But I want to. Second, unsnap the last button on your shorts," I said smiling broadly. She stopped blushing and the sexy smile returned to her face. Her hands moved from the handrail to the front of her shorts and then down into her crotch which was trying like mad to suck what was left of those jeans up in her. Chrysta let the button go, moaning slightly at the pleasure she got from the fabric moving across her still-wet sex. When the button released she bent over slightly and sank a finger deep inside her and pulled it out. The finger went to her mouth and she sucked the juices off, clearly working it as hard as she could with her tongue.

"Still hot wet and fresh, Jim," she said lustily.

"Good. I'll want my own fingerful in the mall," I said, and the elevator chimed and the steel doors opened. We walked out and waited for the valet to bring the car up to the door. She wanted to play with him, but I waved her down. I asked where the mall was and the valet gave us directions.

"So where are we going to eat, Jim?" she asked curiously once we were in the car.

"It's a place called Corona Sun. My old man told me about it. He used to be a traveling salesman," I said quietly. Dad had told me many times about the Corona Sun's good food and the very attractive wait staff that they are known for.

"What does your dad do now?" she asked, looking out the window, her legs splayed a little. I looked quickly over at her and could see the faintest hint of pink glistening through the wet denim of her crotch.

"Don’t know. Mom found out he was cheating on her for pretty much the whole marriage and she kicked his ass to the curb," I said as the car came to a stop at a red light. 

"How did your Mom find that out? I mean traveling salesmen and pilots usually have the most women on the side, but how did she really find out?" Chrysta asked. "If you want to talk about it," she added. The light turned green and we started moving again.

"A lawyer came to the door and asked to speak with him. 10 women in 4 cities were pressing paternity suits against him. I have 10 half brothers or sisters out there somewhere, and that's just the women who stepped forward. That's something I think about with every girl I meet," I said quietly.

"So you're saying. . ." Chrysta said quietly and bit her lower lip gently. I saw her nipples harden instantly and I could see fresh moisture coming from her juicing slit.

"Not much of a chance with you. Besides, you don't look anything like my old man. All the other kids did," I said, looking at her. Her eyes met mine and I got lost in them. I damn near rear-ended a red Volvo before I snapped back to reality. "But that really turns you on, doesn't it. You have a brother?" 

"Nope, but then I didn't know my father, either. Mom never talked about him and he was never around."

"Huh. Isn't that interesting," I said plainly. I had to admit, I found the thought that I had been blown and fucked and then had a little threesome with my own half-sister extremely arousing and my now confused cock was hard again and snaked down my leg.

"Looks like I'm not the only one who likes that thought. You ever have a sister, Jim?" Chrysta asked. "One that was around when you were growing up, I mean?" Chrysta started playing with her pussy lips, running her fingers over the outside of her spreading fly and moaning and twitching while she waited for an answer.

"Nope, but I had an aunt that more or less broke me in. She was my mother's younger sister and was only a few years older than me. I turned 18 and she made sure I knew what I was doing to women from that point forward. I don't think mom knows about it, and I really don't know what she'd do if she knew," I said. My cock started leaking pre-cum just thinking about Maria going down on me, or about her shaved beaver, or her DD tits that were naturally firm. Maybe it was the fact that it was my aunt that made me horny for her.

"Mmmm….sounds yummy," Chrysta moaned and pushed two fingers into her dripping hole. I laughed a little. 

"Didn't your Momma ever tell you not to play with your pussy in public?" I chuckled. My cock twitched in my pants.

"Actually Momma taught me a thing or two to do with my tongue. You've experienced that, and Brandi will tonight if she comes back," Chrysta said and pulled her fingers out of her twat. She held them up to my lips and I greedily sucked her nectar off them as I chewed and licked her fingers. My cock felt like it was ready to rip through her pants.

"Your mom taught you to eat pussy?" I asked after she pulled her fingers out of my mouth.

"Well, mom and a couple of her friends. And the sorority I was pledging to before I dropped out of college," Chrysta said and started tickling her pussy lips. "I better close this up or I'll never leave it alone." I watched as her slit mostly disappeared back under the blue denim. "Maybe I'll tell you about seducing my mother sometime," she said coyly and bit her lip playfully again. God was that starting to turn me on. Just something as simple as the edges of those pretty white teeth coming out over the top of that perfect, pink lower lip was really starting to get to me; my heart jumped in my chest every time she did it.

We arrived at the mall and parked. It was still damn hot outside, but not as hot as earlier. The heat of the afternoon was starting to retreat a little and I could see clouds off in the distance forming. It looked like there would be one hell of a storm tonight.

"Where did you want to shop at?" I asked as we walked in. The air-conditioned mall had two effects that I liked immediately as we stepped in. First, Chrysta's nipples sprang to life immediately. I noticed that her sweat had also been just enough to make the thin fabric of her top just clear enough to see through. I had to check myself from not staring a couple of times. I almost hit the standing mall directory right inside the door. The second thing was of course that I wasn't sucking in 90 degree air with 95% humidity.

"Okay, so here's the deal. I don't want to go with you while you shop. I don't want to see what you buy unless you're in it. What I want you to do is to take this money," I said digging out my wallet. I handed her 400 dollars and that was pretty much the last of my spending cash, the rest of this move would have to be on credit cards and the checking account. Chrysta started to blush again and looked like she was going to protest. I held my hand up and she backed off a step and very sheepishly looked at me, one foot spinning slightly on its toes and her arms were behind her back. Her head was dipped down a little and a small rain of crimson curls fell over the sides of her face. Those blue eyes looked at me with such passion that I actually forgot what I was going to say. 

"I, uh, I'll be back here in an hour," I said, most of the authority gone from my voice. "I know that doesn't leave you long to shop, but please be back here by then." She smiled broadly, and it was the smile of deep appreciation and thanks. For the first time since meeting this creature I wanted to take her right there and make love to her. Right there in the mall. I didn't want to fuck her, I didn't want to just have sex; I wanted to make long, slow, passionate love with her.
