 The boxes were stacked in the corner, and I was almost ready to go. The apartment I'd shared with Shawn for the past two years looked bare, even though he was staying here. Most of the big furniture had been mine, either handed down to me by relatives or found at the rummage sales that I liked to frequent. 

The apartment itself was fine, but it was located in the midst of the college district, where I'd gone to school. In three weeks, I'd be starting at the law firm of Hollister and Banks. It was 40 minutes away by car, and I didn't even want to think of a bus ride that included three changes. So I needed to be closer to work. 

Shawn still had one more year of school left before he hit the real world. In some ways, I envied him, yet in other ways I was glad to be done with all-nighters and drunk frat boys. Dating as an adult had to be easier than dating so many juveniles posing as college students. 

Shawn poked me on his way to the door. "Stop with the daydreaming and get a move on."

I smiled at him and lifted another box. Even though I was starting work soon, I was still on a college budget. So I'd rented a truck and asked some friends to pitch in. So far only Shawn and Robbie, a friend of both of ours, had volunteered. Maybe I should have offered to buy them dinner or drinks, but the rental of the new apartment and the moving van had about done me in. 

I picked up another box and headed downstairs to put it in the truck. Shawn had two boxes with him. He was an ideal mover, tall with broad shoulders and big hands. He had a ready grin and buzzed blond hair. He was cute, and I'd noticed those big hands on more than one occasion, but nothing had ever happened between us. 

Robbie was the opposite of Shawn. He was tall, but thin, and he wore his clothes so that they literally hung off of him. He had long dark hair that was pulled back in a ponytail today. He slid into between the two of us arranging our boxes in the back of the moving van and adeptly slid his box into an open spot. 

We stopped around lunchtime. There was still some leftovers in the fridge that I heated up for the three of us. "Eat well," I said. "I want you all in good form for the afternoon."

"Then we'd better have these too," Shawn added. He broke out the beer and handed one to each of us. 

Both guys swallowed nearly the whole bottle in a gulp. I guess they'd worked up a sweat. Shawn handed Robbie another and found one for himself. All I got was a raised eyebrow, since I was nursing my beer. 

They finished the second round, and we went back to work. The large items had already been moved, so mostly at this point, I had boxes. Lots of boxes. 

We were taking another load of boxes down, when Shawn began to curse. "Damn it, Gayle. What do you have in here?" He turned to face me, and his t-shirt had been sliced down the front. I looked at the box and saw that two paring knives had cut through the cardboard and were sticking out of the box. Shawn had started to bleed a little into the ripped fabric. 

"Come on. Let's get that cleaned up," I said, motioning him to the bathroom. "I don't want your death on my hands."

Shawn laughed. "Appreciate the concern, really. I'll get my parents to hire you as their lawyer. That would be fun."

Fortunately, I'd left Shawn enough first aid materials to handle most emergencies. I knew him well enough that he wouldn't have bought them on his own. I found a hydrogen peroxide and Band-Aids in a drawer. 

He watched me collect the materials, and then said, "Guess I don't need this anymore." He grabbed the edges of the cut fabric and tugged. The shirt ripped apart, exposing his solid chest and flat abs. He tugged again and it ripped up the collar, making it more a jacket than a shirt at this point. I watched his shoulders as he shrugged out of the garment. 

He was standing only a few inches from me now. I could feel the heat of his body radiating out from him and warming me. I fumbled with the hydrogen peroxide bottle, splashed some on a cotton ball and dabbed at the cuts. I tried my best not to touch his chest as I worked on the cuts. 

After they were cleaned, I got the Band-Aid and put it across the wound. I couldn't help but touch his skin now as I pulled it tight over the cuts. My fingers strayed across a few inches of his abs which were ripped. I suspected that he was pulling them as tight as he could right now, but even so, they were exciting to caress. 

I looked up at him, seeing if he'd noticed that my hands had done more than cover his wounds. He had noted my interest. He was staring at me with his lips slightly parted. He moved closer to me and our lips brushed against each other's lips. The lightness of the touch made me tingle all over. I moaned slightly, and he pressed his lips to mine again. This time there was purpose to his kiss. He brought a hand up and touched the side of my face as his tongue pressed against my lips, asking for permission. I moaned slightly, and he slid his tongue into my mouth. He found my tongue, and they danced around each other with a certain hunger. 

My hands moved as well. One hand went around his waist and pulled him closer while the other pressed against his chest and played lightly with his nipple. It must have been sensitive, because Shawn made a guttural noise that I'd never heard from him. I took that for approval and slowly slid my hand to his other nipple, pinching and touching it until it grew hard. Shawn made more noises, moaning into my mouth as we kissed. 

His body was nearly pressed against mine, and I could feel his arousal. I looked down and the head of his dick had poked out from the waistband of his boxers. I bucked my hips towards him, and I could feel his dick twitch in excitement as I did. 

Our kisses grew sloppy with desire. Shawn's hands had pulled my t-shirt over my head and thrown it to the floor when he stopped abruptly. I ached for the feel of his hands on me again. He stepped away from me, and turned to face the door. 

My eyes followed his. Robbie was standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame and very obviously watching us. I wondered how long he'd been standing there. The bulge in his jeans suggested that he'd watched quite a bit of our performance. 

I felt a little exposed, standing there in a bra. Robbie practically leered at me. "Don't stop on my account," he said. "You two are hot."

Shawn didn't move. Robbie could plainly see his friend's hard-on, but he didn't comment on it. Shawn didn't seem to feel bothered by that fact, or maybe in the midst of the situation, he'd forgotten his display. 

Shawn turned back to me. "I don't think we will mind you." Shawn slid his arms around me again, and immediately I felt a growing heat in my stomach. Part of me was a bit embarrassed, but part of me wanted this. 

Shawn kissed me again, leaning his head down so that our lips could meet. We started off shyly again, but within a few seconds, we remembered the passion we'd begun. I tried not to look for Robbie, but I did wonder where he was. 

I didn't have to wait for long. I felt the press of a body from behind me. Robbie grinded up against me, and I could feel his own erection against the small of my back. I moaned into Shawn's mouth, which only served to excite both of them. 

Robbie's hands now snaked around my body and found my breasts. Given that my body was pressed against Shawn, I knew that Robbie had to be touching Shawn too, but it didn't matter. His hands cupped my breasts, and one hand found the clasp in front and opened my bra. 

With the bra open, Robbie leaned back enough to allow me to shrug out of it. Once the bra was off, he pressed against me again and began to play with both breasts at once. The desire was building in me, and I could feel my panties get wet as my juices began to flow freely. 

Shawn broke off the kiss again, leaving me panting and wanting more. "What? Is someone else here?" I asked frustrated. 

"No. Bedroom." He led us down the hall to his room. His bed was a tangle of sheets and comforter. He swept everything off the bed, so that the only thing remaining was a mattress with a rumpled sheet on it. Shawn sat down on the edge of the mattress and motioned me towards him. I stepped between his legs, pressing my thighs to his. Robbie came up behind me again, but given that Shawn's mouth now covered one of my breasts, Robbie's hands massaged my back and shoulders instead. 

While licking my nipples and biting them into hard pebbles, Shawn began to take off my jeans. I stepped out of them and kicked them aside. I could now feel Robbie's erection more fully against my back. He was throbbing in his shorts, and I slid one hand behind me to touch it. I heard a sharp intake of breath, but he didn't stop pressing against me. With my one hand, I slid my fingers under the waistband of his shorts and tugged. They came down. Robbie's dick snapped back into place. I tugged some more and Robbie helped push his clothes to the floor. Now he stood behind me bare from the waist down. He pressed up against me again, and I could feel his own juices as he slid up and down my back. I didn't think he was as big as Shawn, but he was still bigger than most of my lovers had been. 

I watched as Robbie sat down on the bed next to Shawn. My roommate's eyes appraised the other man in the situation, but said nothing. He turned back to me and ran his tongue down my stomach to my navel. I moaned with anticipation. "You're still too dressed," I said to Shawn. 

My roommate stood up. We broke apart for a minute, and Robbie steered me over to him to watch. I sat on Robbie's lap to watch Shawn undress. Robbie's dick was between my legs and twitched with desire as I ground down against him. He ran his hands up and down my thighs. His thumb brushed against my panties with each movement, and I watched as my juice spilled on to his hand. He smiled at me as I turned my head to watch Shawn. 

He flipped open the button on his jeans and slid them down without unzipping. He stood in just his boxer briefs. The outline of his dick was impressive, long but not overly thick. Shawn moved closer to me, likely afraid that I would get too comfortable with his rival. My fingers slid under the waistband of his boxer briefs and pushed them down his legs. His dick pointed straight at me with a drop of precum at the tip. While still sitting on Robbie's lap, I slid Shawn's dick into my mouth. I started a slow movement just allowing the head into my mouth. Shawn whimpered like a puppy as I did. 

I continued to give Robbie a lap dance as I sucked Shawn. Robbie slid on protection, and I moved my hips up far enough for him to pull down my panties and slide into me. There was no warning, no slow movement about it. Robbie filled me and I gasped, making me stop my slow suck of my roommate. 

As soon as I grew used to the full feeling of Robbie inside of me, I continued to lick the head of Shawn's dick. I let my mouth only take him an inch at a time. I teased him with my tongue. He moaned more loudly, which only served to make me more wet with desire. Robbie continued his rhythm, a jackhammer in and out of me. 

I slid all of Shawn into my mouth, nearly gagging on him. I could feel the desire growing in all of us. Robbie slid in and out faster, each thrust rubbing up against my own desire. I knew that this type of stimulation would only last a few minutes before I would explode. I tried to match Robbie's motions on Shawn, sliding him in and out of my mouth quickly, licking his shaft and head with each thrust. 

I heard a grunt behind me, and felt the spasms of Robbie's orgasm. The feeling pushed me over the top, and I let myself ride the waves of heat that ran through me. I moaned while I sucked Shawn, and then he too came. I tasted his desire as he shot into my throat, filling my mouth with his juices. When we'd all finished our climaxes, we fell on the bed, three in a row. I felt a bit awkward and just closed my eyes to enjoy the pleasure of my body. 

When I opened my eyes, we were all still in the same position. Shawn was still in exactly the same position, hard and throbbing against his cut abs. Little rivers of his desire ran across the grooves in his abs. I longed to have him inside of me. I wasn't sure if Robbie bounced back this quickly, but I wasn't done. 

I rolled over and straddled Shawn. A wide grin crossed his face. His hands came up and cupped my breasts. They were more sensitive after my orgasm, but Shawn slowly ran his fingers across the nipples, make them hard. Shawn managed protection with one hand, and I pushed down against his dick. He moaned loudly. I turned to look at Robbie who had rolled on to his side and was watching us. 

Shawn was more methodical in entering me. One hand slid between my legs, and his finger ran around the outside of my opening. I shuddered, and he grinned at me. He repeated the motion a few times, watching my reaction. When he could see my growing arousal, he slid the finger inside. He found my clit and touched it gently, but it felt like a firecracker had gone off inside of me. I would be orgasming again soon, I thought. 

Shawn must have read my thoughts, because he pressed a second finger inside of me. The sensation was incredible as I felt the fullness inside of me. I put both my hands on Shawn's chest to steady me. His broad chest was smooth, and I ran my hands across the muscles. Shawn slid a third finger inside of me, and I gasped. I was quivering before we'd even begun. He began to slide them in and out of me. I panted with desire now. 

With a deft motion, he pulled his hand away. I gasped at the feeling of emptiness. I ground my hips down, feeling his dick between my legs. My meaning was clear. I let up on the pressure and sat up. To my surprise, Robbie stood in front of me. He was standing with his legs straddling Shawn's head, but Shawn was so focused on my actions that he didn't seem to notice. Robbie was erect and his dick was only inches from my face. 

He was still wearing his t-shirt, and I tugged his shirt up while he finished the job. His chest was hairy with dark curls running from nipple to nipple and down the center of his chest to his crotch. I leaned forward and licked the hair on his chest. I could taste the sweat on him, the sweat from pleasuring me. Robbie leaned in and kissed me hard on the lips. I matched his passion, and my lips met his already apart. His tongue slid into my mouth, and for a second, I wondered if he could taste Shawn in my mouth. 

While I was kissing Robbie, Shawn slid inside of me. Just as I had taken him inch by inch, he now did the same to me. He started with only the head of his dick penetrating me. Then slowly he would push in more. I wanted to feel all of him inside of me, but he kept up the slow pace. 

Each of the slow thrusts rubbed against my own pleasure. The feeling was more intense, more insistent like it usually was for me the second time around. Shawn must have known what he was doing from my face, because he thrust in and out slowly, pumping me like a piston. 

I continued to kiss Robbie as Shawn filled me. I steadied myself on Shawn with one hand, and the other wrapped itself around Robbie. I began to use his own juices to jack him off. He whimpered as I set a fast slide up and down his dick. He moaned into my mouth, which only made me speed up my actions. 

While I did, Shawn continued his thrusts into me. At the point where I was pressed up against his pubes, he started a quick tempo. He was relentless, not slowing as he heard my breath catch. He had to know I was close. My juices were running out of me, and across his stomach. I was all desire at this point. 

I twisted as I stroked Robbie, and I ran my finger over his slit with each stroke. "Oh god," he said, as he shot his load all over the bed. White ropes of desire fell on the sheet as he finished. The power of making another man spasm in my hand drove me over the edge, and the fire inside of me exploded like a volcano, erupting over my entire body. It took both of my hands to hold me upright as Shawn pumped me mercilessly. 

I squeezed down on him as the last of my orgasm flowed through me. He grunted, and I could feel him shoot inside of me. When he was finished, he pulled out, and again we rested three in a row. 

After a few minutes, Shawn grabbed a new shirt from his floor and started putting it on. "We still need to finish moving you," he said. "After we're done, maybe we can initiate your new place."