 This is my first submission – I hope you like it! I wrote this for a gorgeous Indian pre-med student I met on Tinder and struck up an incredibly sexy correspondence with. Our names have been changed, but other than that this is the story I sent her. We're meeting up in a week, and plan on making some of this happen – if this gets feedback I'll write a story about how things go!

A little about us: "Avni" is short, about 5'4", with absolutely gorgeous long, black hair, good-sized but not large breasts (B cups), a slender frame, and the best ass you've ever seen in your life. I'm 6'1" with an athletic but slender build, brown eyes and long brown hair, usually worn in a man bun, and I'm almost always rocking a scruffy beard. She's a ten, I'm a 7 or an 8. And yes...my dick really is what I say it is below, for those who probably doubt. 

This story is long, but packed with action. Hopefully I've written it in a way that doesn't slow down from page one. 

Please leave comments and let me know what you think! Since it's my first submission, I crave feedback. Thanks so much, Literotica community!



I. The Coffeehouse

"So...you know I don't plan on fucking you tonight, right?"

You look up at me over the top of your glasses as you tuck a few runaway locks of your beautifully long brown hair behind your ear, a slight smirk on your face.

Smiling, I take a sip from the coffee sitting on the table between us. We've spent the last couple hours chatting and studying at a local coffeeshop, but intentionally avoiding the issue we both know the other has been thinking about all day.

Until now, that is.

"Are you trying to convince me, or yourself?" I softly respond. "Cuz it sounds more like the latter than the former..."

You flash me a look that is at once a glare and a blush.

"Well, hey...if you can look me in the eye and tell me you don't want to fuck me, I'll make sure nothing happens," I continue.

"I didn't say I don't want to fu—I mean, I'm saying...no, you know what I—I'm saying I shouldn't do what I wan—oh, fuck me..."

I raise one eyebrow as a grin spreads across my face.

"Whoa whoa whoa, wait, that's not—come on, you know I didn't mea—shit. Shit, shit, shit. Just read your damn book, Ben. And tell your beautiful hair to quit staring at me. It's distracting." You look down at your books for a while, attempting to study while I ostensibly take notes of my own on my yellow lined notepad.

A few minutes later I stand up and walk past you to get a refill. As I do, a drop my page of "study notes" in front of you. You look down and begin reading as I walk to the counter.

