 Picture me in a tight green summer dress; it goes down to my ankles but has a slit that goes up to my thigh and is tank top style so it shows off my ample cleavage. No bra or panties of course because that would just get in the way. Picture you in a button up top and jeans. We walk into the theater, your hand on my back because even though we have to be careful in public you have a hard time keeping your hands off me (apparent by how your hand keep grazing my thick ass as we stand in the concession line). 

We've picked a movie that's been out for a while with the hopes that the theater would either be empty or close to it. As luck would have it there is only a few couples scattered out and they happened to choose seats closer to the screen. We go up the stairs and pick a spot that is towards the aisle but secluded. You pull up the cup holder so that you can pull me close to you. You hand is rubbing up and down my arm, as though you can't wait for the lights to go off and we can have privacy. 

The lights go down and the previews start up. As soon as its dark you grab me and kiss me hard, whispering that you couldn't wait to taste me. Your fingers in my hair as the other hand travels over to my tits. You start caressing the top, feeling how soft they are. You feel me shiver and then slowly run your fingers over my nipples through my dress. Your lips travel down to my neck as you kiss me all over. Then your kisses turn to bites. I bite my lip to silence my moans. 

You pull my top down letting my big heavy tits fall out. You look at them, the light from the screen shining on them. You whisper about how beautiful my nipples are and how I have the best tits. You lean down and take a nipple in your mouth which makes me gasp. You suck it, gently at first then harder. As you are sucking your hand snakes it way down my body, lifting up my skirt exposing my dripping wet cunt. Your finger tracing the outline of my pussy, feeling my pubic hair, feeling my juices that are leaking out onto my lips. 

You start rubbing my clit, slowly at first. You take your fingers away from my clit and rub my juices on my lips then kiss me hard. Your finger returns rubbing my clit faster, your lips stifling my moans as you rub faster. The sound of my wetness and the smell of my pussy filling the air. I dig my nails into your shoulder and start to cum on your fingers. Kissing you harder to keep my moans down. My thighs shaking. You take my fingers and put them to my lips and I suck your fingers in. Tasting myself on you. 

As you start rubbing my clit a couples comes seemingly out of no where and sits in the same aisle as us. You stop at first but its very obvious what you were doing, my cunt juices lingering in the air. You keep my thighs spread and resume rubbing my clit and the woman looks over. She bites her lip and leans over and whispers something to the man with her. Suddenly they get up and sit next to us, she on my left with you on my right and the man next to her. She's cute with red hair and pale creamy skin. Its dark so hard to see exactly what her body is like however its obvious from her top that she has large beautiful tits similar to mine.

She whispers in my ear that she and her husband love to come to theaters to play but that they weren't expecting to find another couple there doing the same thing. I bite my lip and she continues, telling me that she loves my skin and that my pussy smells like heaven. All the while you are watching us interact, I can see the growing bulge in your pants. She then asks if she can join. I smile nervously and blush but manage to tell her yes. 

As soon as the word leaves my mouth she kisses me hard and pushes up the cup holder separating us. She shifts me to where I am laying on my back with my head in your lap and my legs spread wide for her. I see you watching and can feel your hard cock through your pants near my face. She spreads my tight cunt wide with her fingers and tells me how beautiful and tight it looks, so pink and wet. Then she dives in, lapping at my clit sucking on it. You lean down and kiss me hard to stifle my moans.

She shoves her tongue into my cunt hard and fast and my thighs start to shake, my juices all over her face. While she's enjoying my cunt her husband bends her over and quickly shoves his hard cock inside her. She moans into my cunt as he mercilessly pounds her hard. I feel you rustling as you pull your cock out and start stroking fast. I turn my head and shove you in my mouth, tasting your precum. My thighs start to tremble and I can feel her moaning as she tongue fucks me. I whisper that I'm cumming and I flood her mouth and face with my juices. I hear her husband grunting and we both know that he's cumming in her. I then hear you grunt as you cum in my mouth. 

When her husband is done I push her onto her seat, spread her legs, and see his cum dripping out of her. I lean down and lick it all out of her, tasting both their cum. I stick my ass out so you can see my juicy cunt as I clean this strange, anonymous woman who just ate my pussy, up. I then go back to cuddling with you as they go back to their seats, knowing that after the movie is over you are going to pound my cunt so hard that I'll feel it for days.