 Picture a humongous function hall, decorated for the Fourth of July, filled to overflowing with people in decadent, expensive gowns and tuxedos, music playing everything from the big band era to Pink, from TLC to Santana. All sorts of white coated servers are winding in and out of the little clumps of people with hors d'oeuvres and champagne. 

I was wandering aimlessly through the throng, looking for my two gal pals, swaying along with Santana's Turn Your Lights on, when I bumped into him. Not intentionally, one of those white coats had just barreled by, bumping me just enough to bump into him. His huge hand at my waist steadied me, held me close against his side. I looked up, way up, to see warm, smiling hazel eyes grinning down at me.

"Are you alright?" he asked. His voice was a clear rumble with a faint brogue.

"Yes, thank you, one of those pesky white coats speeding through the crowd. I'm sorry for interrupting."

"It's been a long time since someone as lovely as you has interrupted us. Thank heavens; Jordy was starting his rerun of his financial plan. Would you like to dance?" His grin grew wider, showing perfect, white teeth. I nodded with a grin of my own and he led me to the dance floor by the hand. 

When he took me in his arms for the waltz, he introduced himself as Phelan Nash. I gave him my name, and then blushed furiously when his name rang that bell. "You've heard of me?"

"I've watched your show religiously." His grin became a smile. 

"I'm grateful. Somehow, I don't think you expected something like this to happen, did you?"

"Not outside my dreams."

"I'm only a man, an actor."

"I know, but...let me ask you this, how would you feel if Brigit Bardot..."

"I'd probably be tongue tied and falling over my feet." He laughed, sliding his hand up my back. "I see your point."

"I'll promise not to tangle my tongue too much, or fall over in a faint." I was already being seduced by his cologne, subtle and woodsy, his arms strong but gentle, around me. He led me around the dance floor, waltzing me expertly, occasionally whirling me around so he could capture me close. 

We chatted a little more as we danced. He was in town for this gala and an expo the day after tomorrow, and then he was back to the wilds of Scotland to start shooting his next season. We talked of his home in Ireland and all my relations over there. 

The music changed to Brett Eldridge's Don't Ya. He never missed a beat, snuggling me into a seductive, sensuous embrace. My arms were wound around his massive shoulders, as his were sliding and slithering up and down my spine, his fingertips brushing the swell of my ass. I was quickly becoming a puddle in his arms. His head rose from my shoulder to gaze down at me.

"Dari St. Michel...you're the author of Mydirtylittleworld?" 

"Well, yes, I am."

"I've read your book and I loved it." I felt the blush rising in my cheeks again. "I must ask...are you dancing with me to make Kian jealous or are you dancing with me because you want to?"

"I'm dancing with you because I want to move forward in my life. Kian and I have been over for the past four months."

"Over or not, he looks furious." Phelan mumbled, looking over my head. I turned to see my soon to be ex, Kian Mc Daniels, gazing steadily at me, his eyes dark and thunderous, a buxom redhead dangling forgotten on his arm.

"It's not my problem if he's furious." I answered coldly, turning back to Phelan, trying to regain that warm, easy feeling I'd had before. "Do you want me to explain it all?"

"Nope, can you forget he's here?" His fingertips were trailing again up and down my bare back.

"If you keep touching me like this I might even forget my name." 

He smiled down into my eyes, trailing his fingertips just a little slower, a little more sensuously. I felt his hand brush the side of my breast, sending a sizzle through my body. I could feel every molecule of my body responding to his touch, making me blaze inside, making my loins a molten, damp hole. 

We danced another slow song, sliding and rubbing against each other, exchanging deep, moist lip locks. "Mmmm, I really need a drink..." 

"I do too, c'mon." Phelan took my hand and led me through the minor crush at the bar. We managed to get a couple of really strong Washington Apples and catch two seats at the bar. He held my hand, stroking my fingers, my palm, sending deep, delicious pulls into my loins. "How long has it been?"

"Four months." I answered, sipping at the whiskey.

"Am I the first since him?" I looked at him curiously, wondering where this was headed.

"No, you're not."

"I'd like to get to know you..." he stroked a finger along my cheek, down the column of my throat, "...all of you." The look in his eyes had me licking my lips in anticipation, in a building heat. 

His fingertip trailed lower, down into the deep vee of my dress, brushing against the inside of my breast. I couldn't look away, held in place as his fingertip slid under the fabric, found my hard nipple, rubbed it. He saw my sigh, my eyes going blind, slid another fingertip in, tweaking it hard enough to make me gasp, clear my vision. 

"...mmm, I love being a breast man...yours are beautiful...natural..." he leaned closer, as I dared another deep sip, feeling the whiskey burn as it hit my gut, feeling my nameless want rising in my hole, need to be filled, to be pounded into satiation.

I could see walnut flecks in his hazel green eyes as he leaned even closer, his whole hand inside my dress, his fingers kneading my nipple, my breast, his mouth a breath away. 

"I want you...and I want you to know just who's making love to you, when I do..."

"Phelan..."I breathed as his thumb brushed my nipple again. He smiled before gently kissing me. He tasted of whiskey and sweetness, his tongue a talented tangler. 

I was ready to dive into him, abandon running rampant in my body and that foolish thing I called a brain. I slid my fingers into his thick mink hair, holding on as our kisses grew more heated, deeper. 

"Dear God, you are potent." I breathed, gazing steadily into his eyes. "Let's go somewhere else...somewhere a little..."

"A lot more private. As I'm sure to be ravishing you as soon as I'm able." He grinned, kissing me quick, and then knocking the rest of his drink back, like a shot. I saw my glass was half full and drained it in three quick swallows.

With a grin, he took my hand and led me to the exit, letting the paparazzi catch us leaving together, holding hands, laughing. A limo pulled up for him and we climbed in. 

I was sitting against the far door, facing him, waiting eagerly to pounce on him. He leaned back against his door, stretching his legs out, and crooked his finger. I climbed up him as best I could in this dress. 

He took my face in his hands, pressing light kisses to my forehead, both eyelids and lastly my mouth, tasting, sipping. I felt his cock, hard and hot, throbbing against my belly and moaned as I pressed my palm to it, feeling how big, how thick his cock was. 

His hand slid inside my dress, kneading my breast, as his other hand was squeezing my ass. Light kisses quickened into hot, open mouthed making out, tongues tangling, teeth nipping at lips, lips swallowing moans. I felt my skirt rising over my ass as his hand slid under, over my skin, finding my moist hole from behind, dipping inside.

"It's a short ride to my hotel, so this is just a taste of what's to come." He growled from my ear, nipping my earlobe, grinding his cock up into me, kneading my ass cheek, his fingers sliding into me. 

I was breathless, aching for more, hoping I could pull it together when the limo stopped, which it did a minute later. I met his eyes, seeing lust mingled with amusement. 

"Told you it was a short ride." 

"Yeah, that you did." I smiled, straightening my skirt, my bodice, watching as he licked his lips, gazing into my cleavage, watching him still as I pressed my palm against his hard on, stroked. He growled as he kissed me, hard. 

I felt that powerful stream of being wanted flowing through me. He got out first, holding his hand for mine, helping me out, sliding that same hand around my waist, drawing me against him to mumble, "I almost wish it had been a longer ride.", before kissing me again. Neither of us noticed the photographer beside the wall. 

Snuggled close to his side, he led me in through the lobby to the elevators. Memories tried to push in, to crowd around me as I waited beside him for the car. I watched him, unconsciously comparing, approving, wanting. In the car, he leaned on the wall, pulling me tight to him, gently meeting my lips with his. 

Soft, slow kisses, learning kisses that grew warmer, bolder. I slid my hand up over his chest into his thick hair, holding him close, savoring the silken feel. I felt him smile against my lips, paused and blinked up at him. 

"I seem to remember one of your stories involved an elevator..." I arched my eyebrow in response. "...it was one of those I really didn't understand. The bed's not really that far away, is it?" 

I don't know if it was relief or disappointment that flooded through me. I didn't know what to say, I mean, I'm sorry wasn't even an option. The car reached his floor just making it to third base and no further. The doors opened, showing us a long, empty corridor. 

"The last one on the right." He murmured beside my ear, guiding me along. So much was spinning around in my head, it made me blind to my surroundings. I leaned beside his door, watching as he slid the card and opened the door.

"I'd really like a drink, please?" 

"Anything you wish." He took my hand and led me inside. His suite was sumptuous and elegant, almost tailor made for him. He opened the micro fridge for my perusal, unwrapped two tumblers and reached in for the shots of Crown Royal. I pulled two little bottles and mixed them with a little pineapple juice, stirred it with my finger, sucking my mix off seductively, trailing my fingertip along my bottom lip. I watched his eyes flame with heat over the rim of his glass, watched his tongue flick out for a droplet in his moustache. 

"Where's the music? I'd like to dance with you again." I purred, sipping at my drink. He crossed the room, flicked on the stereo, found a slow, steamy song and then looked over his shoulder at me. I nodded, swaying over to him.

"You move like a waterfall...so fluidly..." he mumbled in my ear as he slid his arm around me. 

His fingertips along my bare spine were sending chills through me, were making me snuggle tighter against him. My lips found his throat, trailed damp kisses up along his bearded jaw, nipping gently at his chin. 

I felt his hand splayed in the middle of my back, his palm warm and roughened, his fingertips trailing down from my shoulder, unzipping my dress. 

My fingers found his shirt buttons, flipping them open, spreading it wide as I went. I felt a hunger building in me as we undressed each other, still swaying along with the music. 

Under his fingertips I was slowly losing my mind. From my shoulders, sliding the straps of my dress off, down slowly along my spine, gently shoving the skirt to the floor for me to step out of it. 

My greedy hands slid roughly over his chest, tugging at his shirt, pulling it from his pants, ran avidly over his abdomen, pulling his belt open. 

"Eager for me, aren't you?" he laughed, as I shoved his pants to the floor. His hands slid my bra away, filling themselves with breasts, kneading them firmly, finding my already sensitized nipples and pinched them, making me gasp, groan aloud.

"Bed first my little badger."

"Badger?" I asked pulling back from his embrace.

"Fierce, in all you do. Silken. Energizing. Wildly passionate. My favorite animal."

"Hmmm..." I purred as he led me to his bed. California king covered in sumptuous sheets, blankets and pillows. I climbed onto it, settling in the middle, looking up to see his grin.

"Damned if you don't make a lovely picture."

"Do I?"

"You do." He growled softly as he began climbing on, over me. I felt his knee press my thigh, moving it wide as he settled into the cradle of my hips. "Feel me?"

"Oh yes." I breathed, feeling his cock twitch and thump against my hot, soggy quim.

"Want to feel me filling your cunt?"

"Yesss." I panted, feeling him sliding back through my juices, dipping just a little and finding my entry.

"My name." he growled, his mouth a hair's breadth from mine. I opened my eyes, meeting his.

"Phelan." I groaned, aching for his cock. His mouth crashed onto mine as he shoved his bigger than Kian's cock deep into me. He swallowed my howl as he shoved again, and again. 

Rough hands moved my body, rode my body, and drove me mindless with evergasm after evergasm. Bonelessly, I flopped and shuddered beneath him with every violent thrust.

"My name." he panted harshly in my ear. I knew he was close, felt him.

"Ooooh, Phelan." I groaned out huskily. 

He jerked extremely hard, gripping my body his fingertips digging deeply as his body spasmed, as he filled my hole with spunk.

"...stay with me?" I blinked my dazed eyes open.

"Hmmm, what?"

"I said," he smiled down at me, "I'm here for the weekend. Will you stay with me?"

"I think I'd like that, Phelan."