 These are few stories about my time in a new state. In hind sight I'm not sure how my sex life couldn't have gotten any better. In the beginning things were bleak but s times passed I ended up leaving town on more then one occasion to rest my dick. I was 35 years old when moved to small town (pop 264, pop 15,000 in the county) in Central Utah in the Fall of 1999 from Los Angeles. The move was about putting my family in a better position. The cost of living was easier and housing was cheap. I also wanted farm animals, you know chickens, & ducks, cows & goats. You can buy a large 2-3 bed room house with a lot of land for about half of what you'd pay in the big city. My mom had married her new husband who was from Utah, and after a small vacation, my wife & I decided to move. I left in August looking for a job & a house while she stayed in California packing us up and getting ready. I was home about every three weeks or so and upon my visit at Halloween, I was informed my wife did NOT want to move. Her parents had become involved and told her if she moved they wouldn't visit, which basically translated to "If you move we won't LOVE YOU or GIVE YOU MONEY". As my wife was dependant on her parents for everything, including approval,, she panicked and we were done. She gave me an ultimatum and it included her parents. I was not coming back to live in the Rat Race and have her parents do EVERYTHING for us and she not moving to the country 500 miles away to fail or without approval. 

By Christmas we were done and the divorce was messy, I now rarely saw my children and I was devastated. I did not want my relationship to end, but I had to take a stand. I was depressed and in some pretty bad shape. In hindsight it was probably for the best, but at the time I felt I was in a world of trouble. It took few months to get my head straight and one morning I woke and realized I was single in Right Wing, Republican, Morman-ville neighborhood. Oh FUCK! After begging to have to get some pussy when I was married. Things got worse!

In Left Wing, Democratic, Bill Clinton-ville, before I was married, I got laid often. Actually as often as I saw fit. Young ones, Old ones Skinny ones and of course my very favorite THICK ones, I mean Love women, especially them voluptuous, naturally big titted, brassy ass women. And fortunately they loved me back. OK, maybe lusted, but it was a good life and everybody got there's. 

The big town was about 20 miles North and I had cruised it during the day stopping at the market and the post office. I did some window shopping for clothes, checked out the post office and really was just checking out the local talent. There were a lot of fine ass chicks but a lot of girls I saw were pregnant, it must have been something in the water. The town only had had one bar and it was a beer bar only, they didn't even serve real liquor and they closed at 1:00. Shit nothing closed in Los Angeles before 2:00 and sometimes not at all. But this placed closed at 1:00. Now I moved to Utah for a lot of reasons. The Clean Air, the very fishable rivers & creeks and the slow pace of life. Of course that also includes the SLOW night life. With advantage comes a sacrifice. One night I finally strayed into the place and it really was nothing special. Decorated in neon beer signs, it was the only place in the county where you could smoke inside & get something to drink. There seemed to be more rednecks in one place then I'd ever seen but people were friendly and very curious about the new guy. Actually they just disguised Nosey with Curious but before you knew I was meeting folks & had become a regular. And I was getting laid. 

It was the usual bar crowd kind of folks, except there was none of the big city pretense. I love girls in jeans & a T-Shirt or nice tops and they seemed to be everywhere. Living in the country was great; I saw more wranglers in one place on nicer ass's then cars stuck on the 405. Big ass's tights ass's, wide ass's. Everyone's ass looks good in a pair of wranglers, and not one pair of panties peeking over the top of anything. And push bras, OH MY GOD! I love country girls and they had no problems letting everyone know they had Tits and new bras as well. It was almost like the next fad. I remember being in town and seeing all the girls wearing clothes & hairs styles that were about 2-4 years behind the Big City. And push up bras were finally getting to the Dept & specialty shops around town, and every girl had to have one. Of course every girl knew also had to have their hair cut like Jennifer Aniston which wasn't bad if she was wearing her push up bra. 

The fishing was kind of easy at the bar actually. Iit seems like all girls they were just looking for attention and I was the new bait in town. I would show up have a few beers and play some pool. The ones that were interested gravitated to the pool tables just to watch my ass. Of course once they laid their quarters down I knew I'd get to watch there's. Some of the Boyfriend de jours did there best to make sure not every girl was single and you really had to watch your self not have any sort of confrontation. 

Funny thing out in the country, NOBODY seems in a hurry to do anything right now. "Next Week" is OK with everybody. You could drop your car off & ask when it might be ready and they'd say, "Call us next week sometime" and hand you a card. And when you'd call they'd say something like, "Nope, ain't ready yet, had to order the part. It should be here next week". And getting laid was pretty much the same way. After more then a few beers and even more games of pool, then they were ready. I'm not sure if that was the mating ritual of the single Utah woman, you know dancing around a pool table or was there really no hurry cause we'll get there eventually.

I learned, cause no matter when we went home they showed their gratitude & I showed mine. It was fun, sport fucking. I really didn't get started sexually till I turned 20 and in my twenty's I was still learning. In high schools & college athletics were more important and I played Pro soccer & men's recreations leagues for a few years after College. I never really had time for girl or maybe just never made time. I was awkward and shy and really got tongue tied. I went to a lot of clubs but always seem to go home alone. Don't get wrong I had a few sympathy fucks but nothing to write home about. By the time I started to find my stride I was married with 2 kids. But now, here I was single and knowing more now then ever.

Utah treated me good. Once I got back on feet again and was mentally sound I was doing pretty well in the woman department. I got laid in some great places. Down by the river and all over the mountains. It seems every girl wanted to go four wheeling out in the middle of no where and it's seems every girl wore her thinnest bra. I was in the mountains a lot before I realized I had never really noticed exactly how beautiful they were. I was too busy watching breast bounce in the cab of a truck. It was incredible. I get blow jobs while driving and a girl never really had to bob her head. They just went with the rhythm of the truck. 4x4 head, what a great idea. Then we'd find a nice canyon to park and fuck every where. The only clothes we had on our bodies where socks & shoes, just you could run to the next spot and fuck or eat pussy or get some head without sticking your foot in some gopher hole. It was on more then one occasion when I had a girl caught between a rock & a hard on.

After a while I had a few regular girls I could hit at almost anytime time of day or night depending on the situation. Almost every girl I fucked had kids, from young toddlers to teenagers. And almost every girl I fucked COULD NOT get pregnant. It was like the gods where on my side. I was fucking 3 or 4 girls at a time, though not together. The entire group of woman I had relationships with during my stay in Utah where very aware I was not monogamous. I certainly treated everyone with respect & I'm sure the girls knew each other but none knew who I was fucking. I had it good, sometimes too good. I was feeling a little worn out from all the pussy I getting, but as you'll see I had nothing to complain about yet.

For conservative Mormon Utah I was doing better then good. My harem consisted of a young, hot looking mom with no husband, who's kids where getting ready to head out to school and she had her days free. I had pussy for lunch at least 3 days a week. I had another mom who only let come to her place late at night after the kids were in bed and her husband was away or fast asleep. She was a little older & thick as hell and had the meatiest tits you ever saw. She always was wearing a skirt & no panties when I came by and would sit on the couch, straddle my dick and slide deep in to her already wet pussy. She moaned when she hit bottom was she was more then enough woman to keep me hard all night. It always seemed to be about her orgasm and really I wasn't complaining because just about the time she had her first O, she always fed them big ole titties to me! Her nipples felt like they were a mile long and hard as rock. It seemed I never had to bend my head forward. After a few more Orgasms she'd drag me off to bed and fuck me till I was limp. Then she would chase me home. During that whole time she never gave me her number but she had mine. I would come home & find a message from her on my machine with a place & a time. I was her booty call, it was great. I was also fucking my mom's neighbor and another part resident with a vacation house up the road. It was like this is the land where they grew pussy before they sent to other parts of the country. What more could a horny guy ask for.