 *********************************

Sleep came easily to James that night. His dreams were filled with flashes of groaning flesh and ecstasy as the memories of the last week came back to him. Charlotte's face as she came on top of him. Julie peeling off her wet clothes in his bedroom. Izzy's mouth around his cock as Lauren groped her from behind. Oh yeah! It had been a good week.

He awoke the next morning full of energy and enthusiasm. The morning shift flew by in a blur of coffee, pizza and screaming children. Before he knew it, he was sat at The George with a pint. His phone buzzed in his pocket.

"1 New Picture Message" - Lauren

He remembered that Izzy was meeting Lauren for coffee. He recalled the last photo he'd received when those to were together. This was going to be good. He clicked open.

Mercifully, the WiFi in The George was much more up to the task. The photo downloaded almost instantly. He almost fell off his chair. Beaming off the screen directly into his long term memory was the image of Izzy's head rising from between a pair of supple thighs, her eyebrow arched as she stared seductively into the lens. 'Coffee went well then'

He looked down at his watch, 10 minutes till the start of his shift. He started to see off his pint while staring a hole in his phone. He almost felt left out. Despite not remembering a great deal of their night together, it was like watching the cup final from the bench. So close, but so far. He knew there was something more than just sex in this for Izzy, she really liked Lauren, and something told him that this was the start of something that he was going to very much enjoy.

He went to stand before realising how hard he had become staring directly into Izzy's eyes on his screen. Doing a quick scan around the pub to make sure nobody was watching, he quickly readjusted, tucking his cock into his waistline and pulling his shirt over the top of it to hide his now prominent helmet. He stood and quickly saw off the last of his pint, inadvertently leaning back to consume the dregs. He heard a wolf whistle as the last drops passed his lips. Thinking nothing of it, he headed for the exit.

****************************************

James tried to keep his head down at work that evening, he was desperate to finish to see if Izzy and Lauren fancied any company later. He'd messaged them both without reply. Not wanting to sound as desperate as he was, he decided not to chase them. He could tell how important it was to Izzy to explore today, and if him being a part of it would lead her to be more confused, it was probably for the best that he stay away. That didn't stop him from looking at his phone every 5 minutes to check though.

When his phone finally buzzed, he almost leapt across the room to grab it, it was as if his life depended on hearing from the girls. 

"1 New Message" - Charlotte

He unfairly cursed his luck, before realising what a idiot he was being. He opened the message.

"Hey, I've got the morning off tomorrow, fancy a lie in? x"

'That's strange', James thought. Charlotte never struck him as the 'lie in' type. She was certainly pretty keen on getting things up last time. He sat and thought about how he should respond. Still holding on to the lingering hope of joining Izzy and Lauren, he contemplated turning her down, but deep down he realised it was a pipe dream, a school boy fantasy that he had been lucky enough to enjoy once. He shouldn't start getting ahead of himself. "Sure, that sounds great. Dress code? x" He clicked send.

His phone vibrated in his hand before he had the chance to put it back down.

"1 New Message" - Charlotte

"Cycling gear optional - but preferred ;) Bring wine! x"

That sounded more like Char. He had been genuinely looking forward to seeing her again before the events of the previous two days took her out of focus. He was keen to see how she'd reacted to their night together. Was she still intent on pursuing a 'no-strings' relationship? Was she just after sex? Did she want more from him than he was willing to give? Either way, he'd find out tonight. He grabbed a bottle of Pinot Grigio from the fridge and put it aside for later.

*********************************

James finished up his shift. Relatively quiet for a Friday, he was cleaned up and ready to lock up shortly after the last customer had departed. He checked his phone one last time before getting changed. Still nothing. 'Of course they're not going to be still going, Idiot! That pic came in before your shift started. They won't still be going at it now, will they? Will they?' He was genuinely intrigued. How long could they go on for if the mood took them? He pictured the two beauties cuddled together, exhausted, satisfied.

Snapping himself out of his daydream, he got his things together and locked up before retrieving his bike and heading the short distance to Char's flat.

When he was buzzed in, he made his way upstairs and once again through the Char's front door, left ajar for her late night rendezvous. He put his things down by the door, removing the bottle of wine, and made his way into the living room. "Hey Char, I've kept it as chilled as I...."

Charlotte was lying on her sofa, much like she was the first time he darkened this particular doorway, only this time rather than yoga pants and a sports bra, she was wearing a thick, fluffy, azure dressing gown. She was in the process of drying her hair as James walked in, tiny beads of water dripping down her neck and across her chest, James caught his breath as he watched one disappear down the canyon between her breasts. She looked incredible.

"Hi" she said, tilting her head to one side and smiling as she towelled her hair dry. "I'm sure the wine will be fine. Do me a favour and grab a couple of glasses from the kitchen for me will you?"

"Err, sure" James hesitated, straining to take his eyes off her as he retreated into the hallway. He grabbed a couple of glasses and headed back to the living room, where Charlotte had now made herself comfy on the sofa. She patted the cushion next to her, beckoning him to sit.

"Long night?" she asked as he poured her a glass.

"Long week!" he replied. "It feels like a lifetime since the last time I was here!"

"What's been happening? Giorgio's been busy?"

"Not really, it's just been everything outside of Giorgio's that's been sort of turned upside down" he said. "I was offered a job the day after I was here. Working in a graphical design firm. It's literally the dream job!"

"Ahh! Congratulations James!" she leant over and hugged him hard. The smell of her shampoo colliding with his senses. "That's fantastic news. Tell me all about it!"

James got Char up to speed about the job role and the interview. He told her how excited he was to finally be getting a break in doing what he had always wanted to do.

"So this Dany woman... Would she be the one that rocked your dreams the other morning?" she turned away, embarrassed for asking the question.

James didn't quite know how to respond, he decided to go with his gut. "Honestly, yeah, it was her" he stated. "I don't know what it was, but for the first couple of days after meeting her, I couldn't get her out of my head. I know this probably isn't what you want to her right now. Sorry"

"No, it's fine, James. I don't get why people get all bent up out of shape about dreams and fantasies. I had a dream the night we got together that I'd just been tied up and fucked by George Clooney, doesn't mean I wasn't happy to see you next to me when I woke up! End of the day, what goes on inside your head shouldn't get in the way of doing what's in front of you."

James was stunned, he had expected the third degree or something to that ilk. When he had talked with Julie and his other exes about his dreams, he had generally been given the cold shoulder if he'd admitted to dreaming about fucking other women. Plus, Charlotte had just told him that she dreams about being tied up and fucked! Add that to her reaction to being spanked the other morning and a plan was starting to form.

"So" she said, sipping her wine. "Asides from the new job and the sex dreams, what else have you been up to? I hear Julie's moving away. You must be thrilled about that!"

"I know I should be, but she came round the other morning" James said, his eyes casting down towards his glass.

"Oh yeah, what was she after?"

"She said she wanted to make amends before she left. Said she hated how things ended between us. I tried to shut the door on her." Saying it out loud like that made him sound like a right tit!

"Oh James, that's not like you. What happened next?"

"She put her foot in the door and told me she wasn't leaving till she'd made her peace. So I let her in and got her a towel - it was raining by the way"

"Uh huh?" He got the feeling she knew where this was going.

"When I came back from the bathroom, she was already wet and half naked. I not proud of what happened next."

"You fucked her didn't you?" she said softly. James nodded. "That's nothing to be ashamed of James. Don't forget, I've met Julie, if I went in to my room and found her standing there wet and naked, I'm pretty sure I'd have done something about it too!"

He laughed, picturing the scene. She was full of surprises tonight.

"Oh my god, you're getting a mental image of it, aren't you?!" She playfully punched him in the arm. "Pervert!"

"Hey, that was a pretty hot scene you've just brought me out of! I hope you've got something in mind to replace it!"

She looked him in the eye and stared him up and down, raising an eyebrow as she contemplated her options. "Maybe I do" she said, bringing a finger to her mouth before seductively tracing it down her neck and between her breasts. James sat back on the sofa and took a sip of wine. She took that as a cue to stand, her wet hair clinging to her neck. She ran her hands down the inside of her dressing gown, pulling it apart just slightly to give a tantalising glimpse of her bosom before letting the material close back up again.

Slowly, she started to untie the fluffy belt keeping the gown closed, putting some showmanship into it by twirling the ends around. as she went. Slowly the gown began to open. The amount of skin on display slowly increasing. Her gown caught teasingly on her breasts, keeping them concealed as her pussy was gently revealed in all its glistening glory. She walked back over to the sofa and straddled him. James just had time to put his wine glass down before she pulled him into a passionate embrace, her gown still magically covering the majority of her body.

James could feel her start to slowly grind on his hips through his shorts, cultivating his semi into something she could use. He put his hands or her hips and slowly raised them up her sides as their tongues began to intertwine. "I've missed this" she breathed between kisses. She gently leaned back and grabbed James' hands, bringing them to her shoulders. Not missing a beat, James hooked his hands under the soft material and guided them over her shoulders, the gown, gliding off her still moist skin and down to the ground. He took a moment to take her all in before taking his hands downwards to cup her small breasts, kneading them in his fingers as her hips resumed their assault on his crotch.

Charlotte leaned forwards to take James' mouth in hers, running her hands down his chest, lightly digging her nails in. She gripped to bottom of his t shirt and pulled it upwards. James was relieved Lauren's nail marks were no longer visible. That could have been a mood killer. As it was, Charlotte was looking to leave her own mark on his as she roughly ran her nails along his chest muscles.

James' hands made their way to her rear, kneading her gluten as they worked his crotch. He could feel the moisture soaking through his shorts. She was ready.

As if reading his mind, she kneeled up, bringing a nipple to his mouth whilst allowing James to raise his hips and slide off his shorts. Having freed his captive cock from it's confines, he ran his hands back up to her ass and began to guide it downwards onto him.

She paused as she felt his tip pushing up on her lips. Pulsing her hips, she began to raise herself up and down by an inch or so at a time, enveloping James's helmet before lifting back off. It felt amazing! She placed her hands on James' shoulders and looked him in the eye whilst biting her lip. She knew what she was doing to him, and she loved it.

After what felt like hours of teasing, Charlotte suddenly plunged herself down on his cock, taking it fully as she felt the wind escape her lungs. There she sat for a couple of moments, gripping him with her insides as she regained her composure. James couldn't help but feel turned on as he sat there, inside of her, neither of them moving. His hands gripped her buttcheeks again and slowly started to raise her up. Before his head managed to escape her, he thrust himself upwards into her, causing a slight tremor in her before she tried to lower herself back down on to him. 

She pushed him back with her hands on his chest, helping her to sit up at the same time. Slowly he resumed the hip grinding that had got him so hard moments earlier, this time without the interference of his cycling shorts. 

He was entranced, watching her toned muscles working as she worked him. Her small breasts jiggling slightly as she moved back and forth. Her breathes were getting shorter as she continued to get herself off on him. He got the feeling this was one of Char's personal kinks, to control her man, so completely, that she is able to get them both off without him doing anything. His mind drifted over to the small blue yoga mat in the corner, remembering how she'd tried something similar there the other night before he'd re-asserted himself. He wanted to see if she could manage it.

She continued her pace as James remained laid back, raising his hands to once more cup her breasts before pinching her nipples between his fingers.

Suddenly, she upped the pace. She began to raise herself from his lap again to provide some vertical movement to her action. James was still rock hard inside of her. Her hands moved from his shoulders to cup his jaw, pulling herself forward into a deep and lingering kiss before moving aside to nibble on his neck and ear. "Yes baby! That's it!" she breathed into his ear. He could feel her hot breath on his skin, her tongue flicking his ear lobe. Her pace increased still. "Yes!" she moaned. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

James could feel they were both incredibly close. Charlottes inner muscles had slowly worked James to the edge, and her breathing into his ear was sending him careening off over it. She picked herself up from his shoulder, looking him in the eye as she slammed herself down one last time, her mouth open as she breathlessly came on his lap. James couldn't hold on any more. The sudden pressure of her orgasm on his cock had the desired effect and he came hard inside her at the same time.

The pair just sat there, breathing and looking at each other as they recovered from their orgasms. Neither one knowing how to make the next move. James cupped her face in his hand and kissed her.

Slowly, she picked herself up off him before dashing to the bathroom to clean up. James just sat there, still in a daze, replaying the last 20 or so minutes in his mind. He heard his phone buzz. Reaching down in to the pocket of his shorts, he retrieved his phone and checked the screen.

"1 New Picture Message" - Lauren

He glanced up at the door to the living room as he clicked open. He couldn't stop himself. The picture opened.

For the first time, James saw Lauren completely naked. Taking a selfie (as always), she was naked from head to toe, her pale, lithe body perched enticingly on top of what he could only assume was Izzy's face, her now familiar perfect breasts staring up at the camera from the bed. He vaguely recalled being in a similar position to Izzy the other night. He clicked reply and set up his camera to get a good shot of his glistening cock. Charlotte walked back in the room, still naked, as he took the picture.

"What are you doing?" she laughed. "Are you taking a picture of your junk?"

'Shit!' "Err, kind of, yeah" he stuttered. "It's kind of a long story". He told her about Izzy and Lauren and showed her the pictures they'd been sending him.

"Wow, you have been busy this week, haven't you! I didn't think Izzy was in to that sort of thing" she said, staring at the most recent picture.

"Neither did she, til this week"

"So, you're going to be working with this other girl? When you start you're new job?" she asked.

"Yep, she's the receptionist. I'm not going to lie, it scares me a little how confident she is when it comes to sex. Izzy's not exactly inexperienced but she literally has her eating out of the palm of her... er, pussy!"

Char laughed at James' attempt at a metaphor. "She certainly is something!" she gushed, her eyes still fixed on the photo in front of her. "Did you send a reply?"

"No, I kinda got busted while I was taking the picture!"

"Ha, you really did. Let's see it!"

He showed her the picture of his cock with Charlotte's naked frame in the background. She stared at it intently. "You know, this is actually really good!" she said. "Send it!"

He was stunned. He looked her in the eye as he retrieved his phone and clicked send. She stood up from the sofa and retrieved her own phone. Telling James to remain seated. She took a quick photo of him sitting there with his cock in one hand and his phone in the other.

"What are you going to do with that?" He asked nervously.

"I've just sent it to Izzy." she said. "I know how much she'll appreciate what it's doing to you! Now, if you're quite finished, I still have some plans of my own for that cock of yours!" She slowly turned and sauntered out of the room, "and bring your phone."

He stood straight away to follow her, before realising that he still had his cycling shorts around his ankles. releasing his legs as ungracefully as possible, he left his clothes in the living room and followed her to the bedroom, where Charlotte had set another surprise for him.

She lay back on her bed waiting for him, hands placed above her head, a pleading look on her face. A glint of light from above her head caught his eye as he approached. He heard a gentle jingling of metal as she moved. She had handcuffed herself to the bed.

"Miss Younger, you do appear to have gotten yourself into some trouble here" he said, quickly assuming a character, he thought she'd respond to. "What am I to do with you?"

A slight smile quickly vanished as she tested the strength of the handcuffs by pulling sharply on them. She definitely wasn't going anywhere. "Please, let me go! I promise I won't do it again!" she pleaded. She'd put some thought into this.

"You know I can't do that, Miss Younger" he replied. "Not until I am satisfied that you have been suitably punished for your crimes!"

"Punished?" she asked "But what crime am I being punished for?"

James had to think on his feet, he knew not to go down the cliche or cheesy road, as it would only ruin her fantasy. "For the crimes of adultery, public indecency, and scandal, you have been sentenced to twenty lashes."

"Twenty officer? That seems awfully steep! Are you sure there isn't anything I can do to make you reconsider?" she opened her legs slightly and bent her left leg at the knee, offering James a clear view of her pussy.

"Young lady, I am an officer of the law, and as such will not be seduced or bribed into favouritism." he said sternly, approaching the bed. Grabbing her hip, he flipped her over so she was on her front. "On your knees!"

Her arms stretched out in front of her, she raised herself up onto her knees, trembling ever so slightly. James approached her rear end, gently rubbing his hand over one of her cheeks.
