 It seems to have taken about a week for my dick to heal. I was sore all the time and doing my best to not get laid. I had really tried to avoid the girls I was dating, actually fucking. It was starting to get a little old. I needed a new challenge.

Then one night I was hanging with some friends, drinking at the bar by the back door when SHE walked in. It was Joyce, Oh my GOD! She was everything I love in a woman. She had the most beautiful blond hair and sparkling blues eyes. And she was thick as hell, not fat mind you but a few extra pounds in all the right places. Voluptuous is the word you'd use for Joyce. I had seen her around a few times in town and managed to say hello, but she had a ring on her finger so I knew to stay away. We had short conversation about 3-4 days before outside the thrift store and I know I felt sparks. It was everything to not get lost her beautiful & sensual lips. I pretty sure it was a great conversation but to be honest it was over before I could stop daydreaming. The last thing I remember was her saying bye that she hoped to see me again.

Now here she was. Somehow the old frumpy clothes she was wearing when we met were gone and she was now all dressed up and looking her best, and she looked way better tonight then I even thought she could. Her body was thick, her breast full and begging to be released out of that bra that obviously about a cup size to small. As she walked in the door it seemed she knew everyone & everyone wanted a piece of her for just a minute. When she saw me making love to her with my eyes she immediately came over to say hello and gave me a kiss on the cheek which really surprised me. I didn't think I made that big an impression. The chemistry was instant between us. Her laugh so infectious, her smile devastating and her perfume was intoxicating. I was hooked! I'm very sure she saw the hard on she gave me but instead of blushing she just smiled like that's what she trying to do. Just then I saw a very hairy hand come over her shoulder. When I looked up I was face to face with her husband. He smelled like he was drunk as hell but let me know in no uncertain terms that she was taken. Joyce introduced me to Jim her husband and the rest of her party which consisted of friends & family, about 10 in all. She invited me sit with them & I ended up sitting next to Jim's sister Mary. She was about my age, with the worst haircut I'd ever seen on a woman. She looked like Prince Valiant But she had great tits, about 38 DD and a thick body and she let me know real quick that I had the chance to play with them anytime I wanted. 

I bought her drinks and we danced, rubbing on each other. When we rested she rubbed my leg as high as she get away with around her family & in public. She had my dick straining against my Levis and the other girls at the table were starting to notice. Actually some of the guys were noticing as well and made sure to hang on to there girls. Jimmy did not seem impressed with Mary and her choice of guys but I sure had Joyce's attention. As the night ended and we got ready to leave, a couple of Mary's brothers grabbed me aside and said I better treat her good or else. I wasn't sure "What else" they meant and I really didn't want to know. But that didn't stop me. 

I took Mary home that night and fucked her good. She sucked a mean dick and had me hard till morning when she just passed out. I left a note & my number and headed home as the rooster started to crow. Apparently when you try NOT to get laid is when it always happens. The good news is my dick was healed and ready for action. 

I dated Mary for about 3 months or so, actually I fucked Mary for about 3 months or so cause we never really went anywhere. She lived way out in the country and I would go out to pick her up and she'd be dressed in a bra and skimpy little G string or nothing at all. It didn't matter whether I was late or early, she was always telling to have seat and she be dressed and ready to go real fast. Of course what really happened was we would just end up staying at her house, drink a little or a lot and then headed upstairs. On the way she'd stop on the bottom of the stairs and unbutton my pants and suck my dick till I was hard, then climb a few more stairs and suck me a little more. She would take her bra off and rub her tits all over my dick as she blew me. By the time we got to her bed I was rock hard and she was leaving a snail trail & a pile of clothes all the way to the bedroom. I never saw her lose her panties, but by the time I buried my face in her hot wet snatch there was nothing in the way but her wet lips. I'd eat her till she screamed and then she fucked me till the sun came up. It seems we never rested and I was always hard. We tried every position we could think of and a few we found by accident. We fucked in the kitchen, in the living room, on her porch after dark and one time as the sun came up. We'd take a drive in the mountains and she blow me the whole way. The rough road made her tits bounce and my dick hard. Man could she suck a dick and the best part was she swallowed it all. On morning I went out to feed her animals and I fucked her from behind in the chicken coop. You'd a think she laid an egg the way she screamed. We fucked on the lawn and we fucked shower, we fucked in the car and on some old dirt road. It seemed we fucked everywhere but her bed. I cut everyone else off while I was with Mary cause she was handling her business.

We had a great time fucking each other raw. Like I said she was horny as hell & fucked like a 20 year old. She did things she always wanted do but never did. I asked her why and she said her Ex was pretty straight and very Mormon, and sex was Wham Bam Thank you mame. I was really starting to like the Mormon religion and all its repression. She said her husband didn't really like making love to her, it was his job and from what I understand he didn't do it to well or too often. He had recently committed suicide and she confessed to me that I was her first since he passed. I confessed that she was my first after my divorce. She told me she wanted way more then her ex could ever give but could never cheat on him. As far as she knew, before he passed, he was a good man and she felt she owed him everything to try and make there marriage work. When she started seeing me she felt like had nothing to lose and went all. She said she would never settle for vanilla sex again. She learned to fuck like a porn star, but once she got started she needed more. I got the impression after a while that she didn't really like me to much, but she really loved my dick.

One night after wearing each other out she rolled over and said she found someone else and when I left that night not to come back. I asked why and she said she met someone a little younger and with a bigger dick. I've always felt I was more then man enough for any woman but he must have been much bigger and had more stamina. Apparently she was fucking him as well as me at the same time. She was insatiable. She then sucked one more good load out of my dick and kissed me goodbye. It was sad in a way, but I was glad it was over. My dick could use the rest and I'm pretty sure the new guy was in trouble if she felt like I couldn't keep up. I gave her fabulous pussy one more kiss goodbye and I wished him luck. It was great while it lasted and now that I had my confidence back I was looking to get laid as often as possible. Actually I'm pretty sure I stayed with Mary long enough to get close to Joyce.