 "Look, I don’t see why we even have to study this crap, much less be experts on it!" Jeff yelled making a spectacle of himself in the twentieth floor study hall in the college library. "What are you looking at?" Jeff mumbled at the ten or so people who had stopped whatever they were studying and were now staring at him. Jeff was a big guy, about 6’1" or so, with a nice track runner’s build and a face that could look really mean when he wanted it to. Everyone who was staring at him quickly turned back to their books and Kerri sighed.

"Look Jeff," Kerri whispered, grabbing her study partner by the arm and forcefully pulling him back down onto his seat. "I know that ancient Greek civilization isn’t your thing, but the Professor said the test was gonna be hard. He said that we’d have to consider ourselves experts on the notes to even have a chance of passing." Kerri grinned at sight of Jeff’s blue eyes, half-closed in frustration and aggravation. "Besides, am I really that bad of a study partner?" Jeff’s face relaxed and he smiled an apology. Kerri was a nice-looking girl, the type one would always call pretty. She was 19 and a sophomore, as was Jeff, with shoulder-length light brown hair and green eyes. Always dressed "for success" as Kerri put it, today Jeff thought she looked even prettier than normal with her tight green sweater and black slacks.

"Naw Kerri, you’re fine. I just hate college classes that have nothing to do with what my major is. I mean, I’m a Math major for God’s sake!" Kerri laughed and ran her fingers playfully through Jeff’s short blonde hair. "That’s why we are all in the same boat pal," she said. "Everyone has to pay money to take classes they will never have any use for outside of the halls of academia."

"I guess you’re right, so we might as well get back to work," Jeff replied and the two of them began a few long, tedious hours of boring Greek Civ. As the night went on, the study hall began to thin out until there was only about 4 people left, including Jeff and Kerri. Since the library was opened late on Wednesdays, Jeff and Kerri decided to take advantage of the extra time and soon, 10 PM rolled around and the giddiness of numerous hours of studying set in.

"Stop it!" Kerri laughed loudly, punching Jeff playfully in the arm. "Stop saying that! We have to finish studying this junk!" But Kerri’s smiling face betrayed her mock anger. "Fjord," Jeff said and the two broke out into hysterical laughter. "I just love to say that word," Jeff smiled. "Fjord!" Kerri couldn’t stop laughing and finally laid her head down on the table in defeat. "I can’t do this anymore tonight Jeff," she mumbled into her folded arms. "No more studying." Jeff sighed, placing his hand on the back of Kerri’s neck, gently massaging it. "Same here," he said. "I’m too studied out." Kerri rolled her head back and forth slowly as Jeff continued to massage her neck. "Mmmm, that feels divine Sir," she moaned in relaxed pleasure. 

Jeff pulled his hand away for a second, which made Kerri bolt up. "Hey, what’s up!? That was actually starting to feel relaxing!"

"Relax there tiger," Jeff said, as he rose and went to stand behind Kerri’s chair. "I’m just getting up to get a better angle and use both my hands." Kerri smiled and leaned her head forward, "Ok, just as long as you keep it up. That feels too good to be true."

Jeff’s hand slowly and gently kneaded the flesh and muscles of Kerri’s neck, his thumbs moving in small, tight circles just below her head. Kerri’s head lolled back and forth in pleasure, even as Jeff’s hands began running through her brown hair. "Oh that feels so nice Jeff," Kerri grinned, her head so relaxed it kept falling forward and backwards. Jeff too was feeling something relaxing. It was the feeling of complete comfort around someone, the feeling of relaxed sexual energy when only innocent touching is at hand. Glancing around the hall and realizing that they were the only people left, Jeff leaned forward and planted a light kiss on Kerri’s neck.

Kerri leaned her head to one side as Jeff’s lips kissed their way around her neck, his tongue trailing along between them. Kerri had always had a crush on Jeff, ever since the beginning of the semester, but she had never been the one to make the first move. Now, as Jeff’s hands left her neck and ran down her arms to clasp her hands, she was glad Jeff had made his move.

Jeff continued kissing Kerri’s neck, sucking in her flesh and biting gently on it. Kerri ran her and Jeff’s hands up her body, around her waist in a slow and sensual fashion, finally resting on her small B-cup breasts. Jeff’s hands fondled Kerri’s breasts through her sweater, moving them around in a circle. "Ohhhh," Kerri moaned, reaching her own hands back and grabbing Jeff’s hair, pulling his head around to her and kissing him deeply. Kerri snaked her tongue between her lips and found Jeff’s tongue inside his mouth. The two began a heated kiss, Jeff’s hands slipping underneath Kerri’s sweater and pulling down her white bra. Kerri couldn’t take any more and quickly stood up, wrapping her arms tightly around Jeff and kissing him even more passionately.

"Mmmmmm," the two lovers moaned in unison as Kerri’s seeking hands found Jeff’s hard bulge and squeezed it lightly. Jeff slipped Kerri onto the table and bent forward taking one of her small breasts into his eager mouth. Sucking the hard nipple in, Jeff’s tongue flicked it rapidly sending shivers through Kerri’s body. "Oh yeah Jeff, mmmmm, bite it, bite my nipple," she moaned and Jeff followed her directions, his teeth grasping Kerri’s nipple and pulling it back roughly. "Uggggghhhh," Kerri cried out, leaning her body back onto the table, resting it up at an angle with her arms. 

Jeff’s hands left her breasts and began to unbutton the claps on her pants, slowly sliding them down and revealing the white, laced panties beneath. Jeff smiled as he saw the plainly visible wet spot on the front of Kerri’s panties, and leaned down, kissing between her white thighs. "Ohhh Kerri," Jeff cried softly rubbing his face along her wet panties. "You smell so beautiful Kerri, like sweet perfume." Jeff then moved aside the laced panties and ran his tongue along Kerri’s dripping pussy, drinking in her flowing juices. 

Kerri let her head lean forward, wanting to get a glimpse of this wonderful man’s oral talents. She braced her feet against the abandoned chair as she saw the top of Jeff’s blonde haired-head buried between her thighs. Jeff’s fingers were rubbing her pussy lips in small circles, but it was his tongue that was making Kerri feel the way she did. "Ahhhhh yeahhhh," Kerri moaned as she felt Jeff’s tongue lick across her swollen clit. The sensations this man was giving her were amazing, and Kerri fell backwards onto the table, grabbing and pulling roughly on her tits and nipples as Jeff’s tongue worked frantically on her clit. She could feel her climax rising within her, her juices flowing freely out of her pussy, and she stiffened as her orgasm began to flow through her. "OHHHHHH GOD! YESSSSSS BABBBBBBYYYYYY!" Kerri cried as her orgasm welled up inside her. 

As Kerri’s body was shaking in the afterglow of her orgasm, Jeff rose and began to frantically remove his jeans, practically ripping them off and revealing his hard cock. Kerri looked up from the table and stared wide-eyed as this sight. "Oh my God, Jeff!" Kerri smiled, amazed at the cock between his legs. "How big is that thing, 8 inches?" Jeff slowly stroked his cock once and smiled back, "9 inches Kerri and it has been wanting you for so long." Jeff slid his engorged cockhead seductively along Kerri’s thighs, leaving a wet trail of precum. "Mmmm," Kerri moaned, "why didn’t you say something earlier?" Jeff rubbed his long cock against Kerri’s soaking wet panties. "I didn’t think you were interested. I mean, you never said anything to me to make me think you wanted me in that way." Kerri reached between her legs and moved her panties to one side. "Well I did want you like that! And I want it now too sweetie."

"Yesss," Kerri cried as she felt the tip of Jeff’s hard cock come into contact with her throbbing pussy. Jeff didn’t bother with anymore teasing as he slid his cock into Kerri’s moist pussy lips, penetrating her fully. "Ahhhhhh Jeff, yessssssssss," Kerri groaned in ecstasy, swinging her legs up around Jeff’s waist as her lover moved his cock in and out of her pussy. "Oh God Kerri, you’re sooooo tight baby," Jeff moaned, pumping his cock deeper and deeper, faster and faster into Kerri’s pussy. His hands rested on her waist as he fucked hard and fast, Kerri’s small tits bouncing in rhythm, her breath coming in short gasps.

Now another climax was rising within Kerri, her voice rising in pleasure. "OHHHH JEFF! FUCK ME...OHHHHHHH...SOOOOOO GOOOOOD...MMMMMMMMMM!" Her pussy reached it’s climax as her hands pulled taut on her nipples and her legs clung tightly to Jeff’s waist, her pussy spasming around his pumping cock. "JEFFFFFFFFFFF I’MMMMM CUUUUMMMMMIIIIIINNNNNGGGG!!!" Kerri’s entire body stiffened and her back arched as she released all the energy she had into this orgasm. Jeff pumped faster as he quickly followed. "KERRI...YESSSSSS...BABY...MAKING ME CUUUUUUMMMM!" Jeff cried out as his cock stiffened and exploded inside Kerri’s pussy, filling her with his hot cum.

Jeff gave a few small pumps as Kerri’s pussy milked the last of his cum from his softening cock. Grabbing her hands, Jeff gently pulled Kerri up into a sitting position and kissed her lovingly. "Kerri," he said pulling away, sounding a little worried. "I’m sorry, I shouldn't have cum inside you. I should have pulled out and did it on your stomach or something." 

Kerri looked into Jeff’s worried eyes and kissed him playfully on the tip of his nose. "That’s ok sweetie," she said reassuringly. "I’m on the pill, and besides I don’t think either of us were thinking too clearly in those last moments." 

Jeff smiled and the two got dressed, just as the lights flicked on and off signaling the closing of the library. Gathering their books and waiting for the elevator, Kerri rested her head on Jeff’s arm, holding his hand in hers. "I think studying for Greek Civ is gonna be a lot better from now on, don’tcha think?" Jeff laughed and gave her ass a playful slap as the elevator doors opened.