 "Come on Jake," Thom encouraged. "We need a good drive on this hole."

"I will do my best Mr. Tilly," I sighed. "I should have spent more time golfing instead of basketball when I was younger."

"For craps sake, will you quit calling me Mr. Tilly and call me Thom. My gosh, you've been dating Teagan openly for the better part of 8 months now. I think were past that now."

"Sorry, Thom," I corrected myself. "I'm just not used to it yet."

"You better get used to it then. Teagan thinks you are going to ask the question any day now."

"What gave her that idea?"

"She knows," he laughed.

"I haven't even asked you if I can ask."

"Well, if you want to ask her, you have my permission you know. You are like the son I wish I had. You're a good man and good for her."

"Thank you Thom," I smiled. "I was going to ask you but I was going to wait until the time was right."

"There, I saved you the trouble he chuckled. Now hit a good one so I don't have to keep carrying your ass for the whole round. I really want to beat those guys."

"Come on," I joked. "What about the last few holes? I got us a birdie and two nice pars."

"The sun shines on a dogs ass every once in a while," he said slapping me on the back.

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," I laughed.

"Hey, you two going to hit or spend all day talking about it?" Melvin cried.

Thom groaned but didn't say anything. I could tell he was on edge. He really wanted to beat these two this time. It was a matter of pride for him. We weren't trying to win a PGA tour event or anything but it was important to him. These were his cross town rivals from another dealership. He hadn't won against them in five years now. He really wanted to shut them up.

Thom's shot had strayed off course and he was in the rough. With a one shot lead we should have been ok but the other two were perfectly in the fairway on this shorter par 5 finishing hole. That put the pressure on me to find the fairway myself.

I relaxed as I set up and got ready to hit. I wasn't the best golfer in the world but I held my own. I played in high school and some in college but nothing like basketball. I looked at the ball and stepped back a half step to get the ball further forward in my stance now. I had been pulling the last few drives right so this was the necessary adjustment I needed. I decided to swing hard and let it fly.

"Holy shit," Thom cheered. "It may never come down."

"Wow," I said as I watched it fly straight and far. It flew really far. At least 75 yards further than the other two balls in the fairway.

"Ringer," Melvin cried. "Where the hell did you find him?"

"You like that don't you," Thom hissed. "I knew I brought you for a reason."

We drove up and waited on Thom to hit. He put it back in the fairway just short of where my ball was. The other two hit and left them just off the green. We drove up to Thom's again and he put it just off the green. That put the pressure back on me.

"Dam, that was about 290 on that drive," he cried.

"I get lucky once in a while," I joked.

"Well lucky," Thom said. "Put it close and seal the deal."

I played a 7 and landed it about 25 feet from the cup, dead center on the green.

"That should do it," I said as I climbed back into the cart.

"Baring nothing too crazy from them," he offered.

They both chipped them close but not in. Thom flopped his shot and left a ten footer for par. I had an eagle putt to give us a two shot advantage. I rolled it within six inches and tapped in for birdie. That sealed the match and the win Thom had been waiting for.

We shook hands and headed back to the club house for lunch. Thom was all smiles as he bragged about the win. I just smiled and ate my lunch. It wasn't that big of a deal to me.

"Hey Thom," I stopped him as we were leaving.

"Yes?" he questioned.

"I want to do this right. I love your daughter and I want to ask you if I can ask her for her hand. I know you gave me your blessing earlier but I want to ask the right way."

"I'd be happy to have you as my son," he smiled. "You have my blessing."

"Thank you," I said.

"When do you plan to ask?"

"I don't know. I have my first game of the season on Thursday night. Maybe on Friday, we are going to dinner. I'm just going to play it out and see how it goes."

"Is Taylor going to start?" he now asked.

Taylor was a freshman and the third of his four daughters. Tara was his oldest at 20, then Teagan at 19 now. They took a break before having Taylor and then soon after Tessa came along. Yeah, they had a thing for the letter T.

"I don't know," I said truthfully. "She's good and has improved a lot over the summer but I have Mandy and Mindy still as my two best guards. I just want to make sure she is ready for the role. She might not start but she will see a lot of time, that I can say for certain."

"At least you're honest with me," Thom smiled.

"If I can get Mindy comfortable playing in a different spot she will start for sure. Maybe a few games and she will be ready."

"Don't rush things for me Jake. It's your team, you do as you please. You did amazing things with them last year so keep it rolling."

"We are going all the way this year," I said confidently. "They are a confident bunch and are playing great together."

"Don't get ahead of yourself."

"I know, one game at a time. I just have that feeling though."

"Are you in for next Wednesday, I have a match set up against a couple of the managers at the bank. They won't be too hard to beat but I like having you around. You're not so bad at golf, don't kid yourself."

"It's going to be my last week then," I said. "I've got a lot of time off from work to coach the girls."

"I understand. This week was the important week. I was glad I had you. Besides, the weather is going to turn any day now and the courses will be closed."

"I'm getting my knee fixed again in the spring but after that I will take some lessons to help my swing."

"I know a guy," Thom smiled.

"I bet you do."

"I'll catch you later," I said waving to him.

I got in the car and headed for home. I was surprised at how well Thom and I got along. He wasn't the asshole I made him out to be. He was an honest and hardworking guy who hated all the bull shit people brought to him. He presented himself as such but once you got through all the garbage and he figured out you weren't after him for anything he opened up to you.

I arrived home and headed into the house. I stopped in my tracks as I saw Teagan sitting there in just a shirt and underwear painting on her toes. Her one leg hanging over the side of the love seat, the other drawn to her chest as she painted. Her body was intoxicating to me as I watched her concentrate on her toes. Bright red polish carefully being brushed on her little toe.

I looked her body over as I watched. I don't think she saw me come in as she didn't acknowledge my presence. Her hard little nipples easily visible under her thin shirt. Perfect outline of her cunny as her panties barely covered them. I circled the seat as she dipped her brush back into the paint. I waited until she finished before I touched her.

I pulled her hair away from her neck to expose it. She shifted in slight surprise but didn't say anything. She just tilted her head to expose more of her neck to me as I leaned down and wetly kissed it. My hands sliding down her collar bone to her breasts. I cupped them and felt the weight of them as I worked higher to her jawline with my lips. She moaned as she pressed into my kiss.

"What do you want?" she giggled her little girl giggle.

"You," I breathed.

I nibbled on her ear a little as my hands pulled her shirt up and exposed her tits. I pinched her nipples as I worked my mouth down her neck and over her collar bone to the right one.

"My nails are wet," she sighed. Her body still arching into my touch as she spoke.

"I'm not going to kiss your feet," I teased.

"My fingers are wet too," she sassed.

"Quit playing with yourself then," I further teased.

"I got you for that," she cooed.

I circled around the seat and got in front of her. She spread her legs wide to keep me away from her toes. I got right between them and leaned in to kiss her. A loving smile on her face as I pressed my lips against hers. She kissed me back as my hand cupped her cunny now. Her panties slightly pressing into her slit as her lips parted under my fingers. She gasped into my kiss as I slipped a finger under the edge and grazed her lips.

I kissed her nipples as my fingers touched her clit. I slipped so easily over the sensitive bud as she panted. I parted the material of her panties to one side as I knelt down. I kissed her there and felt her press into me as she giggled. I dipped my tongue into her center and circled her opening. Wetness covered my tongue as she gasped and flattened her hand on my head.

I licked my way up to her clit and drew circles on it. I teased her for a minute with my tongue before pulling back a little and blowing on it. I felt her shudder as she looked down at me. I licked her from clit all the way down to her asshole. I probed at it for a second before returning to her clit again.

She gasped as I focused on just her clit now. I circled it with my tongue before pulling it into my mouth and rolling it around on my lips.

"Fuck, right there," she moaned.

I flattened my tongue over it and shook my head side to side. That brought her over the edge as she called her warning. I lapped at her until her breathing slowed. I tasted her cum as I probed her hole and gently licked her still.

"You better not mess up my nails," she warned as I stood.

"I'm not after your nails," I laughed.

She laughed so seductively now as I hooked my fingers around her panties. I pulled them off her hips a little, just enough to make more room to part them from her lips. I hated when the elastics rubbed my cock. I pulled them clear of her lips and took in her cunny as she looked at me patiently.

"You going to look at it or fuck it?" she asked coyly.

"Horny little bitch," I teased as I dropped my pants. My cock sprang free as I stepped out of them.

"You started it," she cooed.

"Guess I have to finish it too."

"Hmmm," she growled as I sank into her now.

I felt her cunt grip my cock and gasped at how wet she was today.

"I'm wet aren't I?" she teased.

"That you are," I growled.

"Been thinking about you all day."

"Yeah?" I asked pressing into her with a steady pace.

"Too bad you left so early this morning or I would have given you a great wake up call."

"This is making up for it."

"Hmmm," she growled.

I kept pressing into her with a steady pace. Wetness leaking from her as I found her end and bumped her cervix. I loved how her puss felt wrapped around my cock. It seemed to pull me back inside as I reached the beginning and started to return. Our hips softly crashing together as we fucked.

She pulled her knees up to her shoulders keeping her legs spread and away from my body. This opened her up and let me slide so easily into her. I picked the pace up as she begged for more. Full in and out as I quickly closed in on my climax.

"Can't hold back baby," I cried. "Fuck, you feel good today."

"Keep fucking me," she cried. "I'm so close. Don't stop."

My toes started digging into the carpet now as I pressed into her a little harder. The love seat started sliding across the floor as I slapped into her.

"Keep fucking me," she begged.

"Cumming," I cried.

"Give me your cum baby," she yelped. "Fill me up and make me cum."

I started filling her and calling her name. My cum soaked the walls of her cunt as the room spun a little. Dam she was hot today. Something about her had me worked up.

"Keep fucking me, I'm so close."

I kept pushing into her, my cock not losing any steam as I pounded her now. I kept moving my feet to keep up with the moving seat as I fucked her.

"Cumming," she yelped.

I grabbed the back of the couch as her legs pressed into my arms. The wet slaps of sex played in the background as she cried out in pleasure. I rode her until she begged me to stop.

"I'm going to be sore," she laughed.

"Dam," I panted. "You are fucking on fire today."

"I know," she giggled. "I don't know why I'm so wet today."

"I like it."

I leaned down and kissed her as we relaxed and remained as one. I remained fairly hard as we continued to kiss. Softly I continued to slide in and out of her.

"Let my nails dry then you can have me again," she smiled.

"How long is that going to be?"

"Half hour or so," she chirped.

"I don't think I can wait that long."

"Go take a cold shower," she laughed. "Besides you kind of smell. What were you doing today?"

"I was golfing with your dad."

"Oh yeah, I forgot. How did it go?"

"We won so he was thrilled."

"Good. He wants us to come over for dinner tonight."

"We have practice tonight," I reminded her. "You are coming to help aren't you?"

"Yeah," she smiled. "We are going to dinner after."

"Alright," I said.

I reached down and pulled her panties back into place as I pulled from her.

"Jake," she squealed. "Now my panties are going to be soaked."

"Like they weren't before we started."

"Yeah, but that was from me."

"There's going to be some of you in there too."

"You're a pain in the ass," she giggled and softly slapped my face.

"I will make it up to you," I said raising my eye brows at her.

"After you shower stinky."

"Cold shower isn't going to slow me down," I warned her. "You better be naked by the time I'm done."

She stood and started gathering her painting supplies. "What am I going to do with you," she sighed.

"I can think of a few things," I said as I started walking to the bathroom.

"Yeah, yeah, I hear you."

I tossed my shirt into the hamper as I turned on the shower. I sniffed myself and was surprised that I did have a slight odor. It was a nice day out so I didn't think I was sweating that much. I climbed into the shower and cleaned myself off.

I got out and toweled off. Started looking around for my basketball shorts but couldn't find them anywhere. I left the bedroom and walked into the living room to ask Teagan if she had seen them.

"Hey baby, have you seen........." I fell silent as I looked into the kitchen.

Teagan stood at the sink washing some dishes. It wasn't the act of washing the dishes that had me speechless. She was as naked as the day she was born while doing it. I was stunned that she actually took me up on my offer. My cock was already at full staff as I reached her.

I could tell she was giggling quietly as I approached her. I stood behind her for a second and took in her flawless body. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her neck as she jumped.

"Be careful with that thing," she teased as my cock poked her butt.

"You shouldn't tease it like this then."

"I'm not teasing."

She melted into my touch as she arched her back making her butt press into my cock.

"I'm just washing the dishes."

"I thought your fingers were wet?"

My fingers sliding down her tummy to find her cunny.

"Not from being painted," she said seductively.

I dipped my hips as she slightly parted her legs and created just enough space for my cock to slip in between them. My sensitive head slipped along her still wet slit as she rocked her hips.

"Is that right?" I asked.

"I've been wet all day long."

"Hmmm," I growled into her ear as I kissed her neck.

"I had to touch myself just a little. My fingers are no comparison to your cock though."

She arched her back hard as she pressed her fingers against the head of my cock. I felt it press against her opening. Her slick lips parted and I slipped inside as she gasped.

"If touching yourself makes you this horny you need to do it all the time."

She pushed herself back into me and leaned forward now making the angle better for me to penetrate her.

"What makes you think I don't," she growled.

"Bad little girl," I moaned as I pressed into her deeply.

"I'm only bad for you. Hmmm, I love the way your cock feels inside of me."

I pulled from her slowly until just the tip was inside. Her cunny was quivering already as I started to press back into her slippery folds. I molded my body to hers and cupped her tits as I moved just my hips. Her cunny squeezing my cock as I slowly fucked her. I kissed her back between her shoulder blades and made she skin shiver with goose bumps.

"Fuck," she gasped. "I'm going to cum hard."

"Already," I teased.

"Ummm hmmm," she growled.

I felt her cunt tighten as she released. Cum flooded her hole as she squeezed my cock hard. Her wetness leaked from the edges as I pressed into her.

I carefully turned her away from the sink. We made the six foot walk over to the kitchen table without losing our bond. She leaned over the table and looked over her shoulder at me. She had that look on her face. I loved the way she smiled at me.

"I love you baby."

"Love you too," she moaned.

I pressed into her with more speed now. My cock glistened white as I withdrew then plunged back into her. I loved fucking her from behind but I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to see her face as I loved on her. I pulled from her and sat in the chair. She never questioned anything now. She just pushed herself from the table and straddled my lap. She lowered herself down on my waiting shaft until I was pressed inside as deep as I could go.

She just undulated her hips and leaned down to kiss me. I cupped her tits as we fucked slowly in the chair. Just a slow rise and fall now as she panted into my mouth. Little moans escaping her as she grew closer to the edge. Her wetness leaking from her making her so smooth and slick. I loved the feeling of being inside of her.

"You close," she asked breaking my thoughts.

"Almost," I panted.

"Good, I am getting sore now."

"You, I never thought I would hear that."

"A girl can only fuck for so long," she giggled.

I gave her a look. She knew what I was thinking.

"Maybe tonight," she said.

"You think you're ready for that?"

"I've been using the plugs. I think I'm ready."

The thought excited me and brought me right up to the edge. Her eyes rolled back as she started to cum. I was right with her as we came together. We panted as we rested and held each other. Sometimes silence can speak more than words, this was one of those times.

"We don't have to if you're not ready."

"I said we can try. If it hurts you can have me right where you're at."

"You will be in control," I assured her. "I don't want to hurt you."

"I know baby."

She kissed me once more before standing. She cupped herself and went to the sink.

"Your shorts are in the dryer."

"Thanks."

I rested in the chair for a minute before going to get ready. She finished the dishes then got into the shower. We left together and went to practice.

The girls worked well tonight and looked more than ready for the game tomorrow. I hoped that the first game jitters didn't get to them and they would perform. Then it was off to Thom's house for dinner. We stayed way later than we wanted to and got home well after 1030.

"Do you think we can take a rain check," she asked.

"I was going to ask the same thing."

"Glad we are on the same page."

"Are you coming to the game tomorrow?"

"I've got a late class so I'm not sure if I will make it. Thursday are going to be hard. If I do it will be in the second half."

"I know. It's okay."

She snuggled up next to me and we drifted off.

I made a last second decision and started Taylor. I moved Mindy to the 3 spot and used Mandy and Taylor as the guards. Maybe the stars aligned that night or the other team had the first game deer in the headlights syndrome. Whatever it was, it was bad for them. We blew them out. It was 74 to 24. Everything was falling for us and they couldn't buy a shot.
