 It all started with a text. A small beep. A small vibration. A red eye flight, one Uber ride, knock on a door, panties to the floor and here I am sliding up and down on his gloriously long hard cock. We had that spark couples pray for. We have always had that spark. 15 years ago we met just after Christmas at a rental car shop. He was the poor guy behind the counter that had to put up with the annoyingly almost drunk me.

My best friend thought it would be a great idea to take me to a car dealership for car repairs moments after flying into town for vacation. Then after sitting for hours we needed a rental car. What can I say, it turned out to be one of the best decisions ever. We flirted hard that day and given the chance I would have let him take me in the bathroom. Like I said, we have that spark.

I called him the night before leaving for home, couldn't seem desperate, right? He was a smooth talker with a tender touch. It was mere hours before he slid his hand from my knee slowly up my thigh as he turned and kissed me deeply. He did nothing half assed. He went for what he wanted and when he tipped my passenger seat back I gladly yanked my skirt up and climbed on top of him. He was a fantastic lay and 3 orgasms later I finally allowed him to finish. We cleaned up and went our ways. One night stand/great slutty vacation sex, mark it off my bucket list. Thank you Mr. A.

I got on the plane with a smile and no panties! Sorry to whoever got that rental car next! The next morning my phone beeped and 15 years of back and forth teasing/flirting/naked weekends started. We had our own reasons to stay apart. We each took turns being married, having kids and I had divorced years before. He was still sticking with his wife and we respected that. There were lines we never crossed. Damn us and our morals. God he was a fantastic lay and I was in a bit of a dry spell. I had lost track of number of times I had masturbated to fantasies of him.

He knew I wouldn't answer this late. He knew I was at work for the next 12-16 hours. He smiled as he sent the text he had wanted to send for a couple years. He smiled, hit send and stroked his long stiff cock to a fantasy of me riding him all night. He fell asleep quickly and soundly for the first time in ages. 

What he didn't know was that I was off work for a mental health day. When my phone beeped I had two fingers buried deeply in my own pussy. I finished myself off quickly and read his text while my ears were still ringing. I immediately sat up and grabbed my laptop. I found a flight and called for Uber while I taxied to the arrival gate.

My Uber was in the pick up lane as I walked out the door. I sat in the back seat as I still wasn't used to this whole ride share idea. Do you treat them like a taxi cab or a friend giving you a ride home? Either way I was in the back.

"Mind telling me when we are about 10 minutes from the hotel?" I asked politely.

"Sure, my name is Frank. Put on your seat belt." His voice sounded like chocolate tastes. I was instantly wet. Damn men and their sexy, scruffy voices. I smiled and started to doze off.

"Ten minutes away, fifteen if there is traffic ahead." Dark chocolate, I smiled again.

"Mind if I take all my clothes off?" I winked. "I am surprising someone."

"Nope, happens all the time," he joked. Not dark chocolate, I thought, he sounds like the real expensive hand tempered chocolate that you pick up for a rare occasion. I imagined his face when I told him this and decided against it. I did not want his story to be about the "crazy" lady that got naked in his car, just the naked lady. I may be older and have kids, but I keep in shape and am content and proud of my body. He adjusted his mirror once and stared a little longer than was probably safe while driving. I found my floor length coat in my bag and tried to slip it on and quickly learned that it was not possible when sitting in a car.

"Five minutes at most," he warned me. "I wish more of my passengers were ready to surprise people in the morning."

I smiled and spread my legs for him a little. He had been a great ride and deserved a little treat.

He pulled into the roundabout for the hotel and stopped.

"$12.73," he said as I opened the door. I stepped out naked and slid into my coat. I didn't button it yet. I let him get a long look first. I leaned into the car to hand him a 20 dollar bill and watched him gently run his had across the bulge in his pants.

"Looks tight in there," I smiled. "Keep the change."

"Here is my card, in case you need another ride while in town," he grinned at me. Really expensive imported chocolate, I thought as I took his card. Damn, I wish I had more time.

It was 7 am when I knocked on Mr. A's door. I heard him shuffling behind the door and when he slid the latch I dropped my coat.

"Please," I prayed, "be the right room."

He opened the door and just stared.

"Hi," I said. "You going to invite me in?"

He dropped his rob and I stared at his dick. He was freshly shaven and his long, hard cock bounced at attention. I wanted on it. NOW!

I stepped in the door and he pounced like a rabid dog. He kissed me deeply, his hot hands wandering everywhere. He pinched my left nipple until I squealed.

"Please, again," I whispered.

"Holy fuck," I moaned as he slid a finger into my wet pussy. 

"Fuck me, nooooow," I demanded as he slid the second one into my ass.

He flung me around, bent me at the waist and shoved his dick into my dripping pussy. This was not sex or making love. This was a good ole fucking and we both needed it.

I gasped and tried to brace myself on anything within my reach. Slam. I reached for the table and proceeded to tip it over. He slid out slowly, all the way and then slam. His massive hands digging into my hips.

"Fuck," I moaned. I reach for his suitcase and it spills everywhere. Slam. I look up as Mr. A. slides his cock out of me.

"Oh my god," she whispers. Slam.

I scream in fucking ecstasy and try to focus again. The damn door is still open and this beautiful woman is staring at my nakedness being pounded fiercely by a naked man. Slam. My eyes roll into the back of my head. She is about to watch me orgasm all over his cock. Slam.

I smile at her as I reach for the door and can barely get my fingertips on it. Slam. She can't look away. I hesitate before I push the door and frown a bit when it closes. Just then Mr. A. grabs my hips and lifts my legs from the floor.

"You should have invited her in!" he punctuates with a thrust on every word. He hits the perfect spot and I give up on bracing myself anymore and become his little rag fuck doll. I fucking love it.

"Please don't stop," I moan as he speeds up.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck," I breathlessly stammer. "Oh fuck, no not yet."

"Oh shit damn," he moans. "Sorry." I feel his hot cum fill me, spill onto my plump ass and slowly drip down my leg.

"Fuck," I pout as he returns me to the floor.

"I don't think so," he says and throws me onto the bed. I squeal like a little girl and he grabs my legs and dives for my cum dripping pussy with his tongue. He hasn't been gentle yet, so why start now. He spreads my lips with both hands and goes straight for my pulsing clit. The warmth of his tongue, his fingers spreading my swollen lips roughly and the gentle rocking of his mouth sucking on my clit bring me to orgasm quickly.

"Don't you fucking stop," I scream. "Fuck I am going to cum!" I buck my hips. I wrap my legs around his back and pull his head into me as hard as I can. He doesn't need to breathe nearly as bad as I need to cum. I cum so hard my ears are ringing as I scream his name.

He drops beside me a sweaty mess and whispers, "Hello," into my ear, "I guess you got the text!"