 It is a perfect day today. Fall is coming, you can feel it. The air is crisp and clear. It is comfortably warm but not hot. A gentle breeze is rustling the turning leaves on the trees. It is a great day to be outside.

The kids are finally back to school and we have some much needed free time. It seems for the first time in forever you have a couple of unscheduled hours in the afternoon and you want to share them with me. 

We meet at one of the picnic areas at the lake. Instead of taking a table we go in the opposite direction up the hill a little bit with a couple of blankets. We find just the right private spot where we can lay on our backs on the bigger blanket with another folded as a pillow under our heads. We can see the lake shimmering in front of us. The light dances on the surface of the silver-blue water. It is peaceful, beautiful, and relaxing. The heat of the afternoon sun warms us. I love moments like this and they are even better when shared with you.

The conversation between us is always easy, serious and playful at the same time. I matter to you and you matter to me. Our relationship is centered on mutual trust and affection. We support each other as much as possible. Together we can drop the facade that we often present to the rest of the world and really be ourselves. We are shoulder to shoulder almost touching. I can feel the heat of your body next to mine. A passerby might assume that we are lovers by our intimate body language but we are not.

As usual, I have many questions saved up for you. I am eager to unlock your guarded thoughts. I truly appreciate the man that you are and work to peel back more of your layers and get even closer. I love watching your facial expressions change while we talk. I get deep and challenge you and often ask for more. You make me laugh as you give thoughtful, honest, always concise answers. I ramble and embellish, you are easy and to the point.

Every once in a while your left hand just barely brushes my right at your side. I think by accident. I can't help it but my heart jumps each time it happens. It is like a tiny electric shock to my system. The smallest touch from you often ignites something awesome in me. I am so attracted to you being close like this is a challenge. I am hyper-aware of every part of your tall frame next to mine. What I really want to do to you here in the warm sun on this blanket plays over and over like a movie in my head. If you knew what I was thinking you would blush bright red.

Even though I gave you my heart months ago, technically, you are not mine and I am not yours. I have always been honest about my fierce desire for you, emotional and physical, but you are the one in control. You will decide if and when we take our friendship to the next level. It is complicated and I rely completely on you to lead the way and set the pace or keep us just like we are. Either way I win because I have you in my life.

As we talk, the angle of the sun is putting us more in the shade of the trees. That coupled with the soft breeze off the lake gives me a chill. You notice and catch me by surprise when you roll on your side so close to me and reach across my chest to flip the length of the blanket over us. Did you just brush your arm across my breasts on purpose? I can't help but wonder as my nipples pebble at that thought.

You are now stretched on your side facing me with your left hand supporting your head. Your face is hovering just above mine. I almost can't breathe or look up at you. You are so close. When I do look up I can clearly see that mischievous sparkle in your eyes. A smile curls the corners of your mouth. I wonder what you are up to. What are you thinking? I have imagined you in this position of dominance over me, many times. Now I can't speak, conversation is impossible as I feel your breath on my face. You are so close I wish with everything I have that you would just lean in and kiss me for the first time. It is all I can think about. My brain is scrambled. My lips are actually aching. My heart is pounding and I feel dizzy. You are fine. Your eyes are laughing. You know exactly what affect you have on me. You seem to love making me squirm. You are really good at it.

Under the cover of the blanket you reach down and sweetly place your right hand over mine. Your hand is big and warm and at once comforting and thrilling. I feel like I am 13 on a date at the movie theater and a boy is holding my hand for the first time. It is a little magical, a small gesture that means so much. You begin to caress my hand using your thumb to press and massage my palm. I feel it in other parts of my body too. This simple act is so sexy. I am completely melted and turned on like I have had an hour of the best foreplay and you are only touching my hand.

You must feel my heart thumping. Certainly you know how much you are exciting me. I have gone silent. You ask with a smile "Are you ok?" All I can say is "Ummmm Hmmmmm." Then you say with a bigger smile "Let's see what we can do about that." You take my hand under the blanket and press it against your bare stomach. Oh my god! I have wanted to touch you for so long and now I have your permission? Suddenly I am shaking. Where did my confidence go? After a moment I gather some courage and move my whole hand and lightly brush back and forth across your flat belly. You are so warm. This is so intimate. Your dark hair tickles my skin a little. You draw in a breath as the look in your eyes locked with mine is growing more heated. I trace just the tips of my fingers across your stomach below your belly button in little circles. I feel your muscles tighten and ripple as I touch you. 

I see you close your eyes as a soft moan escapes your lips. What a sound! It makes me braver. I slide my palm a little bit lower toward the waistband of your shorts, dipping my fingers just inside. Then I stop. I do not want to assume anything. We have never touched like this before. I need to know that this is ok- that this is exactly what you want. No regrets if we are moving forward. I do not have to wonder for long. Your right hand is sliding down and taking mine lower with it. I gasp a little in surprise as I feel your cheek right at my ear. Your breath is hot as you nuzzle close and playfully nip at my ear lobe. What a rush! Is this really happening? I close my eyes and can see brilliant colors. In an incredibly sexy voice you whisper my name and say "I want you to touch me. Please touch me."

That is all the invitation that I need. I let go of your hand and reach to stroke and cup your growing length through your shorts. I can feel your cock throb in response and grow harder. I can't believe this is happening. You moan again and help me unbutton your shorts and tug down your zipper. You open the front of your shorts for me so I can touch you. Then your cock responds instantly and springs to attention in my hands- warm velvet covered steel. I wish I could see you. I have wanted to for so long. I relish the feel of you. I watch your expression closely as I explore you with both of my hands. I am not sure what to do. I grip your erection and circle one hand around the base of your cock and use the other to gently lift and roll your heavy balls. I tickle the sensitive spot under your sack with the tips of my fingers. A low growl escapes your throat and your breath is getting ragged. I wrap my hands around your shaft and stroke toward the tip over and over. With each hand I start at the base and twist as I glide up along your length. I use my fingertips to trace your many veins and ridges. I palm your swollen crown and use my thumbs to coax drops of precum from your slit. With my fingers I spread the slippery liquid over the head of your erection so my fingers can dance in little circles and tease you. I feel you grow thicker and longer as I play.

I can tell by the blissful look on your face how much pleasure I am giving you. You deserve to feel this good. You pull your face closer to mine with our foreheads together and surprise me by nuzzling my cheek. You smell so good and I love the feel of your soft stubble against my skin. As I roll my face closer your mouth is suddenly on mine. Oh my god! I am in heaven. Your lips are soft at first, feathering light kisses on me. Slowly you increase the pressure of your mouth on mine. As I part my lips just a little with a sigh you flick your tongue in and it dances with mine. You increase the intensity of our kiss and slide your palm along my cheek to pull me closer. I melt in the moment. I feel so connected to you. It is another way of communicating all the want, desire, passion and appreciation that we feel for each other. It also feels like you are thanking me, there is a certain reverence to the way your lips are moving against mine. There are rarely shared emotions being expressed with each moment. I am carried away, I am certain I could kiss you until next week.

With all that kissing distracting me did I stop moving my hands? We break our kiss as you cover my right hand with yours and begin stroking your cock again, guiding me, adding more pressure. I wasn't gripping you hard enough? You push your hips forward. That is so sexy. I keep moving with slow firm strokes up your shaft, pumping my hand like you did. I rake my fingernails very lightly on your sensitive sack while kneading your balls. I stop stroking long enough to pay attention to the round plush head of your cock, using my finger tips to swirl around your ridges over and over. I use a steady rhythm and begin increasing the pace of my strokes.

You are arching your neck so that your forehead is against mine. You are panting. I know you need release. You grip my hip tightly with your right hand. Your hand is hot and feels like it could burn my skin. I can hear your heart pound. I love that I can make you lose yourself l like this, that you trust me enough to share this with me. I delight in this feeling of intimacy and power. You don't have to say it but you do "You are making me feel so good!" I say "I want to blow your mind. Tell me when you are almost there."

I begin to increase even more the tempo of my strokes. You are so close. I can feel your whole body arch toward mine. Your stomach muscles tighten. You moan again and say "Now." I see your eyes clenched shut as I dive under the blanket to wrap my lips around the head of your cock. You are about to explode and I don't want to miss a thing. I stroke you again and can feel you jerk uncontrollably as you moan loudly. You grab the back of my head with your hand to hold me there. Your body becomes rigid as your cock spasms and waves of pleasure roll through you. I can feel the heat, the swelling and the pulsing of your cock against my lips and hands. You grunt and I feel hot thick spurts flood my mouth and tongue as your cum shoots out. I savor the moment, the intimacy and the smell and taste of you. I stroke your throbbing cock a few more times until your orgasm subsides while licking you clean. 

I feel a rumble of laughter come up from your belly. You utter just one word "Wow!" You help me pull myself out from under the blanket and wrap your arms around me while squeezing me into your chest. You kiss my forehead. I certainly love the huge smile that you have on your face and that I helped to put it there. I have my cheek against your shoulder and I can hear your heart beat. I feel so safe as you smooth my hair and rub down my back with both of your hands. I do not know how this will change things between us or if it will at all. But, I care so much about you that whatever you need from me I will try my best to give you. Whatever direction you want to take is fine; when it comes to you my answer will always be yes.