 * Just letting you know that some of this is written with southern draw to it. The words are written as they would be spoken.*




Everything was back to normal now. Teagan and I forgot about what had happened and we moved on from it. Our love only grew stronger as we realized what we both meant to each other. The girls did really well over the next few weeks and won five out of the six games we played. They were well on their way to making the playoffs as the winter break shut everything down at the school.

I was at work doing work with a patient. I was just finishing up with him and had a half hour before I was scheduled to take my lunch break. I took him to the front and gave the secretary his chart and the bill that was due. I left him and went to my office to finish up my patient report. I opened the door to find Teagan sitting on my desk waiting for me.

"I didn't expect you," I said looking at her smiling at me.

She sat in a loose skirt with her legs crossed. The sun reflected off her skin and made her glow as she smiled at me still standing at the door.

"I thought I would bring lunch by for you," she smiled.

"Oh, alright. What did you bring?"

She smiled a seductive little smile as she parted her legs quickly and recrossed them. The moments flash revealed she wasn't wearing anything underneath. The way she smiled and did it just dripped with sexual arousal.

"Whoa, ok," I said quickly shutting the door and making sure it was locked.

She giggled as she let her legs drop down and let them hang open just enough to let me see in. It was already driving me wild and my cock quickly started straining in my scrub bottoms.

"I don't see how this is going to fill me up," I teased.

"It's going to fill me up though," she teased right back.

I stood there and looked at her sitting the way she was. She looked so perfect right now with her little grin on her face.

"What?" she asked.

"You look beautiful," I said. "I wish I knew how to paint, you would make the perfect model right about now."

She just smiled and said thank you. She brought her hand up and curled her finger telling me to come here. I slowly crossed the distance as she parted her legs fully open as I reached her. She pulled her skirt up her legs and into a pile on her hips. I pressed my cock against her center as her fingers wrapped around my ass.

I leaned down and kissed her as her hips slightly moved against me. I could feel her cunny rubbing against my swollen skin as she kept me pulled tight to her. Her wetness leaking on my pants leaving a wet mark where she had been.

"Did anyone see you come in?" I asked.

"Just Shirley."

"You're so bad," I sighed.

"I know."

She looked down and worked her fingers to loosen the string that held my pants tied in place. One quick pull and a twist and she had them loosened. She smiled up at me as she put her hands inside my pants and squeezed my ass. She slid them down my legs and giggled as my cock sprang free and poked her in the tummy.

"I can't believe you are going to fuck me in your office," she cooed.

"You started it," I sighed as her hands curled around my excited shaft.

"Oh how things have changed," she giggled. "I remember when you sent me home the last time I tried."

"I was crazy wasn't I?"

"Hmmm," she growled. I slipped into her now as she lifted her legs and wrapped them around my waist. "That you were."

"Fuck," I sighed.

Her heat and wetness surprised me as I sank into her. Dam she was slippery and tight today. I withdrew and slowly pressed back into her. I loved how I slid so easily into her. Her little cunny was leaking her juice down onto my desk as I fucked her.

"Fuck baby," I gasped. "You're so wet."

"Shh," she hushed me.

She looked up at me with those eyes. I loved the way her eyes looked at me now. She was so happy with me, I couldn't ask for more. My hands folded down the little strapless top that was holding her tits inside and out of view. They came into view as she sighed.

"You're so sexy baby."

"Am I?" she teased.

I pinched her nipple and made her gasp. "Yeah, I'm sure."

"Are you glad I brought you lunch?"

"I can't wait for dinner."

She filled my ears with giggles as I pulled her ass and pressed into her harder now. Her mouth was right next to my ear as she panted into it. Her hot breath sent shivers down my spine as she whispered how bad we were being right now.

"You started it."

"I can't help it," she teased. "My fingers couldn't fix this itch I had for you."

She knew how to push my buttons. I loved when she would tease me this way. I kissed her neck and started slapping into her with a little more speed. The soft slaps of sex were growing louder with each in and out.

She fell back on the desk and knocked over my inbox and some pictures of her. She had this smirk on her face as she looked up at me. I only smiled and pulled my top off to keep it from getting anymore of her smeared on it. She placed her hands on my hips and pulled me into her. She bit her lower lip as I sawed into her with less noise. I was stopping myself from slapping her hips but continued to bring her closer.

"Fuck," she rasped. "Close baby."

"Cum for me baby," I ordered.

"Don't worry, I will," she cooed. "Keep fucking me just like this."

I grabbed her legs and brought them up and together so they rested on my shoulder. Her hands grasped the edge of the desk as she bit her lip harder to keep from calling out. She had this desperate look of pleasure on her face as she started to cum. I could feel her cunny gripping and releasing my cock quickly as her hand released the desk and started clawing for something to bite. My shirt left the desk and covered her mouth as she panted into it.

"Oh fuck, yes baby," she panted into it.

"Shhh," I hushed her now.

"Ok, slow down," she begged.

Her little cunt still squeezed my cock as the wetness she leaked from the edges told me it was a good one and she was recovering. I parted and lowered her legs but still held them as I rested in her now. I just let her puss squeeze my cock as I watched her pant. Her chest rose and fell as she breathed hard and rested.

My phone on the desk started chirping now.

"Fuck," I grunted as I leaned over and picked it up. I pressed deep into her as I did making her suppress a moan.

"Yeah," I answered.

"Are you busy?" Shirley asked slyly.

"A little."

"I'm going to need that file for Mr. Dunlop when you get a chance."

"Sure," I said. "A couple more minutes."

"Take your time."

"Shirley?" I asked.

She gave a throaty giggle. "I won't tell."

Shirley reminded me of Berta from Two and a Half Men. We often teased her about it around the office.

I had this guilty look on my face as I hung up the phone. Maybe not guilty, more like a crocked smile as I looked at Teagan. She only smiled back and tipped her hips.

"Busted," she giggled.

"I told you to be quiet."

"How can I?" she growled. "Let me turn over."

I wasn't going to argue with her. I pulled from her as she sat up and quickly turned over. Her one foot on the floor the other leg stretched out along the desk carefully not to knock anything more over. Her slick little cunny came back into view as I lifted her skirt over her hips and piled it on her back. Her white cream was sticking to the center and leaking a little down her ass. I dipped my tip into it before pressing back into her. Her cunny quickly parted and let my full length slide inside.

I pumped into her a little as she got herself comfortable hanging off the edge of the desk. I gripped her hips and started pushing all the way into her now. I bumped her end and held each time before withdrawing all the way out. I slipped free as I started getting into it and missed the mark. My cock slid up her ass crack.

She only giggled and looked back at me. I gripped the base of my cock and turned it to press her puckered butthole. She didn't protest as I continued to press the head into her. I was almost in when she finally tipped her hips up and took me off the mark.

"Maybe later," she said coyly.

"You're such a tease," I smiled.

"Later baby," she gasped as I pressed into her little hole again.

My thumb circled her other hole now as she started pressing back into my thrusts. I just pressed the tip into her as she moaned again. My other hand slapped her ass as I pumped into her with a quicker pace now.

"Jake," she moaned. "Quiet down."

"Oh shit," I gasped as I remembered where we were.

"Yeah, you're going to get us in trouble."

I kept my pace now but without the slaps as she kept pressing back into me as we met. Her breath was catching in her throat now as she tried to suppress her moans.

"Fuck," she whimpered. "I'm going to cum again."

"Shh," I gasped as I felt her squeeze my cock.

"Yes, fuck, sorry," she huffed as she came.

"Teagan baby, I'm close," I warned.

Her hips pressed hard into me now and made me take a half step back. My cock slipped free just as I was about to explode. Two more pumps and I would have been in orgasmic bliss but now I was painfully backed up. She spun from the desk and dropped to her knees in front of me. She wrapped her fingers around my hair trigger cock as she took me into her mouth. No hesitation as she sucked on my cock tasting her own cum that had coated me. I warned her as I started filling her mouth. She took everything I gave her as I bucked my hips softly fucking her mouth.

She took me back into her hands and looked up at me. She smiled and opened her mouth showing me my seed on her tongue. She rolled her tongue around her mouth letting it mix before closing and swallowing. She smiled and kissed my cock before standing.

I raised my eyebrows at her and suddenly needed to lean against the desk.

"That was good wasn't it?" she smiled.

"Best lunch I've had so far."

"Just wait until dinner," she teased.

She picked her purse up and opened it. She pulled a white little thong from it and stepped into it. They slipped up her legs and covered her barely as she adjusted it to fit. I watched her as she fixed her top and neatly placed her tits back inside. Her hard nipples pressed the fabric out as she pointed for me to get dressed.

"You have no idea how sexy you are," I said.

"I think I have some idea," she said coyly. "Your cock is a good indicator."

"It's still pretty hard," I admitted.

"I know, I can tell."

"The things you do to me," I sighed.

"Do you want to get lunch now?" she asked.

"Yeah, let me go and clock out first. I'll be right back."

She turned and went around the desk to sit in my chair now. I opened the door as the doctor was passing by. He stopped and looked at me as I started out the door. He glanced in and saw Teagan sitting at the desk.

He had this questioning look on his face as he looked at her then at me. "Do you have the Thompson chart?"

"Yeah, it's on my desk," I said. "Let me get it for you."

"What is she doing here?" he asked.

"Internet is down at the house," I said quickly. "She needs to finish a research paper."

"Oh, ok," he said satisfied.

I grabbed the file and walked it back out to him.

"Hi Dr. Watson," Teagan chirped.

"Hello Ms. Tilly," he said back. "How is the paper going?"

"Almost done," she played along.

My phone started chirping again. I picked it up and Shirley let me know the doctor was looking for me.

"I already know," I said. "I will bring the Dunlop chart to you on my way out for lunch."

I set the phone down and turned to Teagan.

"You ready bad girl?"

"Who me?" she answered innocently.

I just smiled at her as she pushed away from the desk and rolled back away from the desk. She spread her legs as she stood giving a quick flash before pulling her skirt up and giving me another one. She flattened it out like she meant to not be teasing me and took my hand. I had this look on my face as we started out.

"Bad girl."

"Not me," she sassed.

"Yeah you."

We passed by the front desk so I could give Shirley the chart. I punched my time card and then we went to lunch. We walked down the street to the little deli and sat to have lunch.

"My mom and dad want me to come home for Christmas this year," I said.

"Ok, so go," she replied taking a bite of her sandwich.

"I want you to come with me."

"I haven't ever been away from my family for Christmas," she said.

"I talked with your dad about it. He didn't seem too thrilled with the idea but didn't find it fair to keep you from meeting my family."

"Ok," she said excited. "Book a flight."

"You sure you want to go?" I asked.

"Why wouldn't I?" she asked. "Your parents can't be as bad as mine."

"It's not my mom and dad I'm worried about."

"If it's Sam, I'm over it. I'm going to be married to you so her and I have to get over what happened. I have so it's her turn."

"It isn't Sam that I'm worried about either."

"What is it then?" she asked setting her sandwich down and giving me her full attention.

"My ex Missy might still be there."

"Ok, so what?"

"There's a lot of bad blood there. She won't make you feel very welcome."

"So, we won't hang out with her then. I wouldn't expect you to hang around her anyway."

"It isn't that easy," I sighed.

"Why not?"

"It's a small town Teagan. We lived three blocks away from each other. You will probably see her more than you would like."

"How small are we talking about?" she asked.

"Small," I said. "We didn't have a stop light small."

Her jaw dropped.

"We had a light over the train tracks," I offered.

"How the hell did you end up here?" she asked.

"Sam got this job then realized she didn't have anyone up here. She begged me to come up here when she saw the job opening at the doctor's office."

"So you came up here to be with her?"

"No, to support her and give her some family. I was with Megan when I moved up here anyway."

"Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about her."

"To be honest, I wanted to get away from our little town anyway. You think everyone knows your every move around here, try being where I'm from. There is way less people to keep track of down there."

"Why didn't you get a job down there?"

"I just told you, Sam begged me to come up here and I wanted to get away."

"Do you even like it up here?"

"I got you," I said. "That's all the reason I need to stay."

"That's not what I asked," she pressed.

"I miss home but I can't leave now. You are my life."

"I hope so. I'm not ready move away from my parents just yet."

"I'm not asking you to do that. I'm asking you to come with me for Christmas."

"I already said I would," she hissed. "Even if I have to see Missy."

"You say that now but I'm not so sure you understand how difficult she can be."

"What did you do to her?" Teagan asked.

"According to her I broke her heart."

"And is that what happened or is there something more I should be concerned about?"

"Uh," I sighed. "It's complicated."

"Jake, why do you always make me doubt? Just tell me what happened so I can make up my own mind on the subject."

"Missy and I were high school sweethearts. I dated her for three years. When I signed with Duke it broke her heart. She hated me because it meant I would be moving away. We were kind a sort a together during that time. I told her things were going to be ok and that I would find a way to get her out there with me. I found out she had be cheating on me during that time. It made it hard for me to want to be with her after that. I get the blame for everything."

"Why don't you set the record straight then?" Teagan asked.

"That's where it gets complicated," I sighed. "My dad and her dad own a business together. I just want to keep the peace between all of them."

"You get cheated on a lot," Teagan said but regretted it as soon as it left her mouth. She covered her mouth and looked down.

"It's ok baby," I sighed. "You can't deny the facts."

"I'm sorry Jake," she said anyway.

"I know. Don't worry about it. Do you want to come with me still?"

"Yeah, I would love too."

"Ok," I said. "I will buy some tickets tonight."

"How long are we going for?"

"Just a couple of days," I said. "Maybe from the day before Christmas Eve until the day after."

"That's not a whole lot of time," she said as she held her hand over her mouth so I couldn't see her chewing her food.

"Trust me, you won't want to stay for any much longer than that. I know I don't."

"I can't be that bad can it?"

"To answer your earlier question, no, I don't want to go back. Even if I weren't with you I wouldn't want to go back there. I hate the cold winters up here but I'm glad I got out of there. You always hear people say I left my small town and then came back because I miss it. I'm not one of them. It was great in high school but now that I have a taste of life outside of that place, there is no going back."

"I'm glad you want to stay. I would hate to be the reason you are being held back from something you want."

"I'm shocked Sam went back to be honest."

"She felt like she didn't have anywhere else to go," Teagan offered.

"I guess you're right."

"You will learn," she smiled. "I'm always going to be right."

I laughed at her as she sat there with a smirk on her face.

"Come on Mrs. Right, I've got to get back to work."

***

We got up early in the morning and headed off to the airport. We flew out and landed at the Dallas/Ft. Worth airport. The place was packed with people also making their holiday travels. We got our rental car and headed off towards my home town. I hated driving in the city so I was flying down the highway trying like hell to get out of there as fast as I possibly could.

"Slow down baby," Teagan scolded.

"And get run over," I said. "I'm just going with the flow of traffic. I can't wait to get out on the old country roads."

"I could have drove," she offered.

"No way, I've seen your driving."

She started laughing. "It's not that bad."

I finally got us out of the city and onto an open stretch of highway. She kept looking around and had this look on her face as we got onto a smaller two lane highway.

"Where the hell are you taking me?"

"Home," I said.

"Where? There isn't anything out here."

"It's out here, trust me."

"This is like some place a serial killer takes his victims before he turns them into dog food."

I gave my best evil laugh as I squeezed her knee and made her jump a little.

"Asshole, I hate that."

She looked over at me and thought about it.

"I won't walk straight for a week," I warned.

"Thought you were getting it fixed?"

"After basketball. I don't want to be stuck on the sidelines when I need to coach."

"You got me," she smiled.

"Like I said, I don't want to be stuck on the sidelines."

She grabbed my knee now making me jump and swerving the car around on the road.

"Crazy freaking woman," I hollered. She just laughed hysterically.

We came to the blinking light and I started to slow down. We made the right turn and headed down a small town road towards my parents property.

"I thought this town didn't have a light?" she asked.

"That don't count," I said. "That's just to warn about the traffic turning onto the highway."

We bounced over the tracks. "There's the light I was telling you about." She just laughed at it.

I passed by the dinner and quickly hit the brakes. I whipped the car around and pulled in.

"This doesn't look like a house," she said stunned.

"It's not but I have to stop and see Gus."

"Who's Gus?"

"You will see."

I climbed out of the car and stretched my tired legs. Teagan followed and did the same thing. I didn't make it to the door and Gus was already outside calling to me.

"By gosh, dam, is that you Jake?"
