 "Jake," I could hear Teagan whisper. I thought I was hearing things so I didn't respond.

"Jacob," she hissed a little louder this time.

"What?" I asked rolling over.

"Come here."

"You're crazy," I whispered. "I ain't getting in trouble."

"No, come here. Something's out there."

"Like what?"

"I don't know. It's making an awful racket."

I sighed. "Probably just Missy trying to break in."

"You're not funny," she rasped.

I started her way and met her at the door. I went into my room and listened for a minute but didn't hear anything.

"There ain't anything out there," I said.

I turned to look at her. She had lost the shorts and was barely covered by the shirt now. She smiled as I stared at her. Turned her leg on the floor and pulled the hem up a little to reveal she wasn't wearing anything under the shirt. She had this smoldering look on her face as she stood there and let me drink her in.

"You sure it wasn't you moaning while you touched yourself?" I asked.

"Maybe," she said coyly.

"Teagan, you are bad."

"I know," she smiled. "But you know you want me."

She turned around a little and wiggled her ass at me as she teased. She blew a kiss my way as I stood there thinking about it.

"We have to be very quiet then."

"I will bite the pillow."

We started for the bed when a screech echoed from outside the window.

"See," she hissed. "There it is again."

I knew exactly what it was. "Hold on," I said.

"What are you going to do?"

"Just stay put."

I crept from the bedroom to the front door. I opened the little utility closet and picked up the .22 rifle that rested against the door frame. I turned the knob on the front door and let it softly creak open. I stepped outside and slid the slide open a little to check it. It was loaded like always. I clicked the safety off and leaned against the side of the house. I poked the barrel around the corner and searched the yard carefully. The full moon provided plenty of light as I looked.

Movement caught my eye as the offender climbed from under the lid of the trash can with a mouth full of garbage in it. I leveled the iron sites right between his eyes and quickly pulled the trigger. It was an easy 15 yard shot as the coon dropped into the can and shook it.

The lid exploded as three more masked bandits quickly dispersed and ran in every direction. I couldn't get a bead on any of them as they quickly scattered into the brush. I clicked the safety back in place and returned quietly to the house. I rested the gun right where I got it from and listened for any movement from my parent's room. It was hard to focus with the soft ringing from the concussion of the gun. I figured it was safe enough so I returned to the room. Teagan was sitting on the bed, covers pulled up over her waist as she waited.

"What the hell was that?" Teagan asked.

"I had to shoot a coon," I said. "No big deal."

"You can't just go shooting guns off."

I started laughing. I tried so hard to keep it quiet as she looked at me with her big eyes.

"People would look at you funny if you didn't shoot a coon," I whispered.

"Now the cops are going to come," she hissed.

"Baby," I said. "Gun shots out here are as common as the cacti growing on the side of the road. Haven't you noticed the guns in the windows of the trucks?"

"I guess not," she rasped.

"Besides, it'll just be Randy anyway."

"What are you going to do with it?" she asked.

"I'll get it in the morning. It ain't going anywhere."

"Awe, you killed it?"

"That was the purpose of the gun shot. You don't waste bullets shooting to scare something."

"Can I try next time?" she asked surprising me.

"Sure baby," I smiled. "You need lessons first."

"Ok," she smiled.

"Go back to bed."

"Jake," she whispered. "What about me?"

"Umm," I whispered as I turned my head to look out into the living room.

"I'm really wet," she teased. "See."

I turned my head back around to quickly and caught the door frame.

"Shit," I rasped.

I looked her way as she had the covers down now and legs open for my inspection.

"You best be very quiet," I warned again.

"I got my pillow ready."

"Bad girl," I teased as I slid into bed between her legs.

I took her hips in my hands and pulled her down so she rested flat. I inhaled her scent and was instantly aware of how wet she was. My cock filled with blood quickly as I licked her around her lips. Her smooth skin met my tongue as she softly moaned.

I tasted her juice as I pressed my tongue into her center. I felt the heat and wetness as I pressed as much as I could into her. Her hands tangled in my hair now as her hips lifted away from the bed. I pulled my tongue free and teased her puckered little butt.

"No," she whispered.

I pressed my tongue against it harder.

"Fuck," she sighed.

I changed directions and climbed her mound all the way to her clit. I felt the excited bud poking out and circled it with my tongue. I closed my lips over it and rolled it.

"Yeah, right there," she gasped.

"Shhh," I hushed her.

"Sorry," she whispered as I took it into my mouth again.

I pulled the rubbery flesh with my teeth gently as I worked her cunny. I went back to her center now and dipped my tongue into her again. Her wetness tasted good on my tongue. I circled just the edges of her lips as she cupped her tits and pinched her own nipples.

I flattened my tongue over her clit as she pulled the pillow over her face. I knew she was close and this always brought her over the edge. I could hear her muffled gasps as she bucked her hips into my mouth.

"Ok Jake," she huffed. "Stop, I'm so sensitive now."

I kissed her cunny a few times before leaving it alone. I started to pull my shorts down as she closed her legs and smiled at me.

"You can go back to bed now," she whispered trying to be serious but her giggling slipped out.

"Ha, not a chance."

I pressed her legs apart. She yielded quickly and smiled at me. I threw my shorts at her face as I sank between her legs into her flesh.

"Hmmm," she moaned.

I pressed in all the way and held still deep inside of her letting her walls squeeze me. Her hands raked my sides and sent shivers down my spine.

"Come on," she whispered. "Fuck me. Fuck my wet little pussy."

I started a slow rise and fall. Pressing all the way into her then pulling out until just the tip was barely inside of her. It felt good to become one with her as she moaned softly. Our hips met in a quiet slap as I pressed into her.

"Faster," she begged. "Fuck me, come on."

"No Teagan," I hissed. "The bed squeaks."

"Please."

I pressed a little harder until the bed started making noise. She giggled and gasped at the same time. I slowed the pace enough to make the bed quiet again. I leaned down and found her favorite spot on her neck and kissed it. She gasped and raked her nails into my back. She started tipping her hips into my thrusts to meet me. She opened her legs completely as I kissed her collar bone. She panted and started thrusting her hips up with more urgency as she grew closer to climax.

"Shhh," I hushed her.

She turned her head exposing her neck and grabbed the pillow with her teeth. She mumbled into the pillow she was going to cum. I felt her cunny tighten in quick spasms as she cried into the pillow. I slowed my pace to just a soft rise and fall again as I waited for her to recover.

She pushed my hips and stopped me. She used her fingers to tell me she was going to roll over. I pulled from her as she turned and lay flat on the bed. She arched her hips like a cat and waited for me. I pressed her cheeks apart and found her cunny with my tip. Her wet lips parted easily as I sank back into her. She buried her face into the pillow as I rocked my hips and brought raw pleasure to her.

I pressed the pace again until the bed made a single creak. I slowed just enough to silence it as she moaned her approval. I used my hands to tips her hips more. She quickly arched her back as she felt me turning them.

"Come on baby, fuck me."

"I'm going as fast as the bed will let me."

"I know. I'm going to cum again. You better cum with me this time."

"I will."

I pressed her ass cheeks open more and brought my knees next to her hips. I started pushing into her quickly now. I felt myself quickly closing in on release as her cunt worked it magic on my excited cock.

"Teagan," I rasped.

"Yes, fuck me," she called into the pillow.

I started filling her as her cunny tightened around me. I let my balls empty into her completely before I collapsed onto her as I finished.

"You're squishing me," she giggled.

I reached for my shorts and stuffed them between her legs as I pulled from her. She remained lying on her stomach and looked at me as I lay next to her. She had a content look on her face and she stroked my face. She smiled and lay there just breathing calmly.

There was some growling and rustling outside the window again.

"Dam things," I said.

I rolled from the bed and went to the suitcase.

"Front flap," she said as she pulled her shorts on over mine still between her legs.

I got another pair of shorts from the suitcase. I slipped them on and went for the door. She was right behind me.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I want to see the little buggers."

"Quiet then," I said.

I repeated the process of getting the rifle and sneaking out of the house. She was right on my tail. I pointed the barrel and waited for the can to open again.

"Get them," she whispered.

"I am," I hissed. "Just be patient."

We waited a few minutes and nothing happened. Then I saw one circle the can and look to make his move up. The pop made Teagan jump a little.

"You missed," she whispered.

"No I didn't. He just don't realize its over for him."

"Awe," she sighed.

The lid opened and another face appeared. She was prepared for the noise this time. The lid closed and the can shook some more.

"There's one," she pointed.

"Too far and too risky."

The raccoon saw the carnage and quickly returned to the brush.

"Did you get 'em?" dad asked startling us both.

"Three out of the four."

"I been trying to get 'em for weeks."

"You need to move the cans to your side of the house then. They've been keeping her up all night."

He chuckled. "I'm sure it ain't just the coons that been keeping her up."

We both looked at him as he smiled.

"I won't tell yur mama."

"What gave you that idea?" I tried to cover us.

"I heard y'all come back in after the first one. It don't take a genius to figure out where you went to. It don't bother me none, you know that. You two are grownups. That's yur mama's rule not mine."

"Sorry Mr. Tillman," Teagan offered. "It was me, I started it."

"Youngins," he chuckled.

I happened to glance back out and saw the last coon slinking along towards the can. I quickly took aim and popped off another round making Teagan jump again. I couldn't tell whether I got him or not as he spun around behind the house.

"I'll take care of 'em in the mornin before I go to work," he said.

We all stood and went back inside. Teagan disappeared back into my room. I took the couch again as dad got a drink and then retired back to his room.

I woke up just before the sun broke over the eastern sky. I laid there for a few minutes just thinking about whatever came to mind. I heard my door open and Teagan came out. She circled the couch and smiled when she saw me awake. I flipped the blanket back and let her curl up against me.

"Thanks, I was cold without you."

I pulled her into me and closed my eyes. We both drifted back to sleep.

My mom could only laugh when we both climbed off the couch. She already had breakfast cooking as we came and sat at the table.

"How did you two sleep?" she asked.

"Good after I got them dam coons."

"That's what yur father said. I didn't hear nothing."

"You going deaf," I teased.

"No, I always left the worrying to him. What's with you two snuggled up on the couch?"

"You didn't say anything about the couch, just the bed."

"You were always a pain in the ass Jacob," she laughed.

"That's me," I smiled.

She set the table and served us breakfast. We hung around the house for a while before going out. I took Teagan up to the high school and showed her where I went to school. I parked the car and we went around back to the gym. I opened the door and heard the sounds of sneakers squeaking on the hardwood as we walked in.

"Hey, Uncle Bart," I said.

"Hey Jake," he called. "What brangs you down here?"

"Wanted to show Teagan where I played ball."

"This would be the place then."

"Sure is," I said taking in the smell of the old gym. The smell brought back a lot of fond memories of my past.

"There's his banners," Uncle Bart said pointing to the wall.

State 2A runner up, 2004. State 2A champions, 2005.

"Wow," Teagan said looking at them.

"I got to keep 'em busy," Uncle Bart said. "I will see y'all tonight."

I looked around the old gym and thought about that year. Dam I missed playing.

"Brings back a lot of memories doesn't it?" Teagan asked.

"Yeah, it sure does. Come on lets go."

We got back into the car and I sat there for a minute looking at the old school. The memories flooding my mind and taking me back to when times were simpler and my dreams were so close to becoming what I wanted. I had everything in my grasp but how times had changed. I looked over at Teagan and realized that those dream didn't compare to what I had now.

"Talk to me baby," Teagan said softly.

"I just miss playing. I shouldn't have come here."

"Why don't you get your knee fixed and tryout for a team? I'm sure your name could get you at least a tryout with someone."

"No," I said flatly. "I would have to dedicate a year of my life getting ready to play. You don't understand how good pro players are. I was a decent college player on a well-coached team. Only a handful make it to the pros. I couldn't take myself away from you for that amount of time."

"I'm willing to be there for you if you really want to try."

"No baby," I said. "I have what life wanted me to have. Basketball wasn't it, you are. I'm not doing that to you."

I started the car and got back on the road. We arrived home and spent some time just relaxing and talking with my mom. They decided they were going to go into the city to get some things for Christmas dinner. I gave them the keys to the car and told them to have fun and be safe. I remained sitting on the porch relaxing.

The crunching of gravel brought me out of my light nap. I expected the girls to be back but it was Sam instead. She climbed from the car and approached looking unsure of herself.

"Hey Sam," I said standing to hug her.

"Hi," she said tentatively.

She wrapped her arms around me but quickly let go.

"Where is everybody?" she asked.

"Just me," I said. "They went off to get some stuff for dinner tomorrow."

"Oh," she said still unsure.

"Let's sit and talk," I suggested. Our phone calls were always brief and we never discussed the issue that we left unresolved after she took off.

We sat on the swing and remained quiet for a while.

"I'm sorry how everything went down," Sam said.

"I'm over it," I said. "It happened and we can't take it back."

"I know, but I almost ruined everything for you. I was stupid."

"We all were stupid Sam. It wasn't just you."

"I was the aggressor though. I put you in that situation."

"Sam, I'm not holding onto any bad feelings over it. I'm not looking for a fight and I'm not looking for someone to blame. I want us back to what we were before we did what we did. I miss that Sam."

"I miss that too," she sighed.

"So then don't be like this. Be yourself. If you want to hug me go ahead. If we want to joke around with each other we should."

"I want to but I can't get the things we did out of my head. It feels wrong to be around you."

"I gave you Jenny's number. Did you call her and talk?"

"No."

"Why not? It's free help from a really good person. She deals with this all the time."

"People like us?" she asked.

"Worse than us," I said.

"I don't want her to judge me."

"She already knows everything a Sam. I've been talking with her for a year now."

She sighed her annoyance at me.

"It's helped me out so much. She gives reasons why we do the things we do and how to fix them."

"Fine," Sam relented.

"Don't just say you will and not talk with her."

"Ok," she said annoyed still. "I will call her."

"How is Teagan?" she asked shifting gears now.

"She is great. I don't think she likes the small town scene but other than that she is great."

"So you guys really are getting married?"

"Next summer," I said. "I want you to be there. Think you can handle that?"

"Let me feel Teagan out. I don't want to say yes if she doesn't want me to be there."

"Alright, I can live with that."

"How are the girls doing this year?"

"Only lost one so far."

"That's good. How about Thom?"

"He's a nice guy. Once we got over the whole bad history thing he has been nothing but a pleasure to be around."

"Probably happy his daughter met someone so nice. It's better than that idiot Luke she was dating when I first met her."

"I don't know anything about that," I lied.

"You ever run into Justin?"

"No, the club is still open though. He moved out of your old house and is renting an apartment closer to the club."

"Easier for him to bring his tramps back there," she hissed.

"What about you? You seeing anyone?"

"Don't get mad."

"What? Who?"

"Randy and I have been dating some. It's nothing serious yet. He's nice and treats me right."

"That's great," I said. "Why would I be mad?"

"I don't know, you guys were best friends so I didn't know if you would be mad."

"I haven't seen randy in four years now. Well, except for last night."

"I know, he told me."

"Have you run into Missy yet?"

"Oh yeah. That went over like a fart in church." Sam started laughing hard.

"So what are you doing for a job?"

"I'm working at the Wal-Mart in Abilene until I start at the high school in town next fall."

"That's good," I cheered." You going to coach?"

"I'm going to help my dad with the girls' team until he feels I'm ready then he will turn it over to me."

"Why aren't you helping him out now?"

"I have to work all the time. I don't have the time right now."

"You ever thought of moving back here?" she asked.

"No, I'm happy where I'm at. I'm glad I got out of here. I miss the place but not all the crap that goes with it."

"That crap wouldn't happen to be Missy would it?"

"That and everything else. I almost broke down in the gym today thinking about what I was."

"You got a good thing with Teagan. I don't blame you for not wanting to come back."

"That I do," I smiled.

The crunching of the gravel on the driveway made both of us turn our heads towards the car pulling in.

"Oh boy," Sam sighed. "I don't know if I can face her."

"It's fine," I said. "She doesn't hate you Sam. You will see."

"Hey Sam," Teagan cried climbing from the car.

She quickly climbed the steps and gave Sam a hug. I went down the steps to help my mom with the bags and brought them into the house. I continued to grab things from the car as Sam and Teagan talked.

"How many people are you expecting to feed," I asked my mom.

"Lots of 'em, you know that. Everybody that was here last night and a few more. I got you something too."

"Christmas is tomorrow," I said.

"I know but it ain't a present. Here."

She reached into the bag and pulled a new nylon net and handed it to me.

"What's that for?" I asked.

"To put on your hoop outside so you cain play basketball tomorrow when everyone is here."
