 Chapter 11 in the Mr. Basketball series. All characters involved in sexual activity are 18 or older.

*****

"Thanks for taking me to the airport Thom," I said getting into the car.

"It's not a problem," he smiled.

We started down the road and had a light conversation before we hit the highway.

"So, what's been going on between you and Taylor?" he asked.

I had known Thom long enough to know that he wasn't stupid. He knew something was up and I didn't want to lie to him I just didn't know how to break it to him.

"Well," I sighed.

"Jake," he said softly. "Don't lead me on. If there's something going on just tell me. I'd rather you be honest than lie to me about it."

"I don't want to lie to you Thom," I said honestly. "Right now I'm not sure. We... kissed the other night when I knocked Jeremy on his ass."

He nodded his head as he changed lanes.

"She told me she had feelings for me and she wanted to know if I felt the same."

"Do you?" he asked.

"I do, but I don't know if I'm fully ready to... I don't know," I sighed.

"Explore those feelings," he offered.

"Yeah," I sighed again. "With everything that's happened and what Taylor has been to me for so long I just don't know."

"I know," he nodded. "You don't want to hurt her."

"That and people will talk and..." I trailed off.

"And what?" he questioned.

"I was really thinking about moving back home after she graduated," I relented.

"Like, to Texas, home?" he questioned.

"Yeah," I sighed. "You guys have been good to me but... I don't know. I'm still up in the air on what I want to do really."

"I know what you mean," he sighed.

I felt the car change lanes again as Thom drove on and thought about what I had just said. He shifted in his seat and looked like he was going to speak but stopped and thought again. Then he finally spoke.

"You know," he paused. "I'm surprised that you are really worried about what other people think."

"Why is that?" I asked curious myself.

"You are a straight laced, tough as nails, don't take no shit from anybody kind of guy," he smiled his smile. "You fight for what you believe in and see through the bullshit when there's bullshit in the way. I remember the very first time I ever met you." 

"Yeah, me too," I smiled.

"I came barging into your office and fired off all kinds of shit in your face," he continued. "You never missed a beat and got right in my face and told me where to go. It was the first time in a very long time that somebody had actually stood up to me and not let me walk all over them. I knew I liked you from that moment even if I said something different."

"Bullshit," I joked.

He laughed hard before continuing on with his story. "Little did I know it was going to be you, coming into my office to tell me you were dating my daughter. You didn't seem scared at all to come in there and tell me what was going on and lay it all out for me. Even with our history you still came to me and told me the truth."

"Yeah," I smiled still. "But I'm not the same guy I was when I came to you though."

"Bullshit," he chuckled. "You are just the same as you were before. The only difference now is you choose your battles that are worth choosing."

I had never thought of it that way. Thom was smarter than I really did give him credit for.

"People talked when you started dating Teagan. They said I was crazy to let a player like you date my daughter. I was setting her up to get her heart broken. I didn't think that at all. You were just what she needed to be honest. You weren't a push over like the guys she had been dating to that point. Sure you had a past but everyone does."

"I guess what I'm trying to say is, don't worry about what other people think. You do what you think is the right thing to do. Just know that if dating Taylor is the right thing, it can't be taken lightly. Make sure you are ready to date again before you decide. She really adores you. Don't get into anything until you know you are ready. It will break Taylor's heart if you string her along."

"Yes sir," I said. "I know."

"As far as you moving back home I can't blame you. There's nothing really keeping you here anymore. I would really like you to stay but I can't force you to do something you don't want to do. You're like the son I never had and I love you pieces but I understand the need for you to be home and back with your family."

"It's a hard choice for me to make," I sighed. "I love it here but I miss home. Now with everything that's starting to happen with Taylor I don't know if Texas is really there I want to be. I have more questions than I do answers at this point."

"You have a couple of months before you have to decide Jake. Don't let us tell you what is best for you."

The conversation dried up for a little while as we started to get closer to the airport.

"Did Taylor tell you she got a letter from Duke?" Thom asked. "They want her to come down there and check it out."

"That she did," I smiled.

"You know that's where she wants to go," he smiled.

"There isn't anything wrong with that."

"What do you think?"

"I loved it there but I don't know anything about the girls program," I said. "She needs to go down there and see for herself what they have to offer."

"You two should go down there and see what it's all about," he smiled.

"I'd be happy too."

The hard pull of the car indicated that we had reached the exit and were almost to the airport. After a few more turns we reached the departure terminal as Thom pulled to the curb.

"Enjoy your time Jake," Thom said.

"I will dad," I smiled and shook his hand.

"See you in a few days."

*

I pulled into the driveway and climbed from the car. My mom met me at the front door with a big hug as I climbed the steps.

"There's my boy," she cheered. "I've missed you."

"I've missed you too momma."

"You look a little rough," she laughed.

"Been a hard couple of months," I sighed.

"I'm sorry baby," she said sincerely. "It was so sudden and we couldn't make it there."

"I didn't want you guys up there anyway," I sighed. "It wasn't the kind of visit I wanted from you guys."

"I know baby," she said hugging me again. "Yur daddy wad in the middle of a big project so we just couldn't make it."

"I know momma," I said. "Don't worry about it."

"So, how have you been?"

"Keeping myself busy."

"That's good. Come on in so we cain talk inside."

"Where's dad?" I asked after tossing my bag in my old room.

"He's out with Gus checking on sumthang. He should be back soon."

"Where's everybody else?"

"It's only three son," she laughed. "They ain't gunna be here 'til after church. Yur daddy will be along shortly."

We both sat at the table and talked about the small town gossip again. We talked about me for a while before dad came home with Gus.

"Hey dad," I said climbing from the chair and giving him a hug.

"Sorry 'bout us not bein there Jacob," he said.

"I know dad."

"How you been?" Gus asked giving me a big hug like he always does.

"Keeping busy, that's all I can do."

"The devil dreams on an idle horse," he said patting my back again.

"That's the truth," I laughed.

"I'm gunna go git clean up right quick Earl," Gus said. "See you at the church."

"Yes um," dad sighed.

Gus hugged me again. "It's good ta see ya come back Jake."

Gus quickly left as dad and I sat at the table. Mom started cooking us a quick dinner.

"So boy," dad sighed. "I hear you been hittin' the bottle purdy hard these days."

"Yeah," I sighed. "I was but I haven't been for a while now. I figured out I was a big asshole and I decided that I should clean myself up."

"Thom told me you wad goin' out a lot and gitten drunker than a da gum skunk. I wad thanking 'bout flying up there to whoop yur ass if you didn't figure it out."

"No sir," I said quickly. "There's no need for that now. I've been clean."

"That's what I like to hear boy. You cain't drown yur sorrows you know? They tend to float."

"Yes sir," I said.

"You always gots us Jacob," my mom said as she came to the table with dinner. "That's what we is here for."

"I know momma. It's been an adjustment but I think I'm on the right path now."

"You best keep it that way then," dad warned. "Thom was purdy worried 'bout you. He really cares 'bout you ya know?"

"Yes sir, I know."

"You would be lettin' me down and him too. I ain't even gunna say what Teagan would thank."

"Yes sir," I sighed again. "I know."

"I'm just maken sure we is clear on what I is expecting from you."

"I got it dad," I said annoyed.

"Let's eat then."

We ate and then went to church. After church we headed back to the house to sit on the porch and shoot the shit like we had always done. I sat there and listened to them bull shit. I threw in my thoughts when I was asked about something but I was quiet for the most part. This was what I missed about being away. This tight nit group of people who really cared about you even if you weren't related. I just didn't get that being up there.

Missy sat way across the porch as we all talked. We hadn't said much to each other since she had gotten here. It was just a simple hello and how are you doing. After that we left each other alone again and sat away from each other. We had repaired our relationship some since that Christmas a few years ago. By that I mean we tolerated each other so the two families would not have to get involved and separate us again.

"You want a beer?" Gus asked.

"No sir," I said politely. "I'm not drinking anymore."

"All the more fur me," he laughed as he headed inside to get a cold one.

"You been playen any?" Gus asked me holding the old guitar when he returned.

"I have," I smiled.

"At least you ain't lost all yur roots," he laughed.

"Yeah," I sighed. I took it he didn't know about my problems as he stood looking at me.

"Play me sumthang then."

I took the guitar from him and started playing an old tune that I was good at. He nodded his approval after I finished and handed it back to him.

"Not bad for a damn Yankee," he laughed.

"I won't be for long," I laughed back. "I was thinking about coming home after Taylor graduates."

"I cain't blame you," Gus said.

"Uncle Burt could use the help," dad offered hinting about the basketball team. "Maybe Sam too."

"Uncle Burt knows what he's doing," I chuckled. "Sam on the other hand, maybe."

They laughed as Gus started strumming.

"Where is Sam anyway?" I asked momma.

"She's with Randy and his family fur the evening. Randy has ta work tomorrow so she will be here bright and early."

"I can't wait to see her," I smiled. "I've missed her."

"She will be happy ta see you too," mom smiled back.

It was getting late in the evening before I decided that I wanted to turn in. I headed into the house and changed for bed.

"Hey Jake?" Missy questioned. "Cain we talk fur a minute?"

"That depends on what you have to say."

"I just wanted to say sorry fur everthang that's happen between us. I gave you a bunch of shit fur everthang and I was wrong to do that to you. I was the one that messed up. It never crossed my mind that you could have told everbody everthang. But you didn't and I sumtimes don't understand why. But I just want to say thank you fur not sayen any thang."

"It's alright Missy," I sighed. "We both did things that we can't take back. As far as me not saying anything, what would it have solved? Not a damn thing. It would have only made things worse. I loved you then and I still love you now so I wouldn't want to hurt you like that."

"Yur a good man Jake," she offered. "I hope you know that. I been holden on to it fur way to long. I let it go seen' how it was mostly my fault anyway."

"It don't matter whose fault it really is Missy," I sighed. "We just need to be nicer to each other."

"That's why I came here to say I is sorry."

"I forgive you," I smiled. "You know that."

"I'm sorry fur what happened to Teagan too," she said softly. "She really was a perfect fit fur you and you deserved her. It may not mean much comin from me but know that I ain't lyin when I tell you I is really sorry. Nobody deserves that."

I nodded softly. "Thank you Missy, I really appreciate that."

I left the bed and pulled her into a tight hug. She didn't hesitate and hugged me back hard. The years of bad blood seamed to melt away as I held her.

"I wish thangs had turned out different between us," she sighed.

"Sometimes I do to Missy. Sometimes I wish I never went to Duke. I wonder how my life would have been if I didn't."

"You did what wad best fur you Jake. You cain't dwell on what could have been."

I let go and stepped back from her as she straightened her hair back around her ears. I laughed a little before I spoke.

"You can give advice but you can't take it?"

She giggled too. "You never take yur own advice. Yur s'postta listen to everbody else's."

"True," I chuckled. "Who finally told you to let it go?"

"Daddy," she sighed. "After I told him 'bout what really happened. He wadn't very happy to hear the truth."

I smiled at her. We both spoke at the same time. "It ain't nothing but a thang."

We both laughed again before she hugged me once more.

"I'm gunna go. See you tomorrow Jake."

"Good night," I smiled.

She turned and shut my door as she headed out of the house. I flopped on the bed and got comfortable before drifting off.

*

"Jake," Teagan hissed.

I turned to see what she wanted.

"Can't you hear them damn things out there?" she huffed.

"I thought it was you snoring," I joked.

"I don't snore," she sassed.

"Have you ever heard yourself sleep?"

"Shut up," she sassed again. "Go get those stupid things out of the trash can."

"You go," I teased.

"I can't hit a thing. You know I can't shoot."

"Fine," I sighed.

I crept from the bedroom and found the gun. Teagan was right behind me as I swung around the side of the house and tried to find the coons as they tore through the trash again. There was no moon light and no other light so it was almost black out there tonight.

"You ain't going to see them tonight," I sighed. "It's too dark."

"Get a flashlight," she offered.

"I don't know where dad keeps them."

"Same place I always keep 'em," I heard him say. He scared us both as he spoke.

"Damn dad," I hissed. "You can still creep around can't you?"

"I still gots it," he laughed lightly.

He shined the light around the corner and found the glowing eyes. I was ready to squeeze off a round but he pushed the barrel down and took me off the mark.

"I gots traps now," he chuckled. "Ole Mike Waters likes to keep 'em as pets or sumthang."

"What?" I asked.

"Yeah, he gives me twenty five dollars a coon. Right now I gots fifty dollars sittin out there."

"Ok," I laughed. "Go get your investment and put it in the back of your truck so I ain't gotta listen to them all night long."

"That's what I wad doin'," he chuckled. "Y'all go on back to bed."

"Yes sir," I smiled.

"Thank you dad," Teagan offered.

"Well yur welcome darlin'."

We crept back inside and crawled back into bed.

"Since we're awake," Teagan smiled.

"Ha," I laughed quietly. "I'm going back to bed. You don't have to go out tomorrow and help my dad dig his damn tractor out of the mud."

"He isn't really going to make you go out with him on Thanksgiving is he?" she asked.

"He's not going to make me but I am going to help him. That's what he would expect from me even if he says he doesn't."

She gave me a funny look as I shifted around and tried to get comfortable.

"Besides, you and momma will be busy all morning long prepping for dinner. Dad and I will be done by ten and drinking beer by noon. You two have a longer day ahead of yourselves than we do."

"Missy should be helpful now that you two made up with each other," she offered.

Somehow my mind knew that this was a dream and Teagan was talking about what had happened between me and Missy. This was a little different from the rest of the dreams I had had about her though. It blended events that had happened between us with events that happened after she had gone.

"If you say so," I offered.

"Don't worry about what other people think," she started. "If it feels right then don't be afraid of it. You can't hold onto me forever."

"Wake up you big lug," Sam cried, jumping into bed with me.

I woke up with a jump again as Sam sat there on the bed laying half on my body. My mind was spinning as the dream vanished and I was suddenly awake.

"Dammit Sam," I groaned. "You're a pain in the ass."

"That's no way to greet your cousin," she teased.

"Sorry," I smiled.

I reached over and took her into a hug. I couldn't help but tickle her a little making her squirm around as she giggled and tried to get away from me. She brushed my morning wood and pulled away as I stopped. She glanced down and saw it pressing the covers up. I twisted to the side to try to keep some of my decency.

"What were you thinking about?" she teased.

"Teagan," I sighed.

"Sorry Jake," she offered.

"I know Sam, I know."

She leaned down and rested her head on my chest as she hugged me a little. I held her for a minute before she sat up again.

"So, how have you been?"

"I've been better," I admitted.

"That's an understatement," she said lightly.

"I'm keeping busy trying not to go crazy."

"I hear you. You look good though."

"Don't lie to me," I laughed.

"You're losing weight, you better start eating."

"I'm getting better. It's been a hard road for everyone."

"I can't imagine Jake. I'm so sorry."

"It's alright Sam," I sighed. "Thank you for being there for me. You don't know what it meant to me to have you there."

"It was the least I could do Jake. Everyone else was busy. I wanted to be there for you and with nobody else going I felt I had to be there."

"I tell everyone its ok that they weren't there but it fucking hurt Sam. Damn did it hurt not having them there. Thank you for being there for me."

"They know that. I told them how hurt you were. We didn't talk for a while after I went off on them."

"You didn't have to do that for me," I sighed.

"She was your wife for crying out loud. It still pisses me off nobody could make time to be there for you."

"Just let it go Sam. I want to keep the peace for the time being."

"So, how is everybody?" she asked changing the subject.

"As good as they can be. We are trying to get things back to normal."

"I hear your girls are doing really well this year."

"Undefeated so far," I smiled. "Taylor is doing really well. She's got quite a few scholarship offers."

"Good for her," she cheered.

"How about you?" I asked. "How are your girls doing this year?"

"Well," she smiled. "They are still a work in progress. I could use some help."

"You never know Sam. Maybe next year."

"Yeah right," she giggled. "You have so much going on up there. You don't want to come back here. Nothing has changed you know."

"I've got nothing keeping me up there," I sighed.

"You don't want to come back here," she said again. "I honestly wish I didn't come back."

"It brought you to Randy," I offered. "How are you two doing anyway?"

"Still dating," she smiled. "We moved in together."

"Really," I said lightly. "That's great."

"Should I even ask about you or is it too soon?" she questioned lightly.

"Well," I sighed. "It's still rather complicated at the moment."

"Why? What's going on that it's complicated?"

"It just is," I said not letting too much out.

Her face lit up as she looked at me hard. "Don't tell me it is who I think it is."

I gave her a soft nod as she smiled her little shit eating grin. "Taylor?"

"Yeah," I smiled softly.

"Jake," she gasped. "How did that happen? Oh my gosh, tell me this wasn't going on before..."
